This seriously is as good as it gets.   There were a few reviews about the service being bad, but I didn't see any of that tonight.  Most of those negative reviews were 1 - 2 years old though, so I'm guessing they took the feedback and improved their quality of service.  As for quality of food though, they always had high marks, and it definitely scored big in my book tonight.  This is a non-pretentious place to enjoy good food in a casual environment.  This beats a lot of the 5-star restaurants I've been to in the past based price, service, and food. If you only get one thing here, it's gotta be the crab corn chowder.  They definitely don't skim with the ingredients here cause each spoonful was loaded with stuff.  It was thick, hearty, and flavorful.  It could easily eat as a meal.  I had the twin tower sandwich with a mix of pastrami and corned beef on my waiter's recommendation.  The meat was lean, thin, and soft.  On toasted rye bread and mustard too, it's going to be hard eating another sandwich ever again. The NY style cheesecake was the perfect end to the night.  Pretty large pieces for $3.75.  You could probably do soup and dessert there as a full meal if you wanted. Our server was great too.  He definitely helped us out by offering tips on what to order, and he was willing to give us the pitcher price for beer after ordering several individuals glasses. Useful Tip : get the medium bowl of soup instead of a small.  It's only about 80 cents more but you definitely get a better deal when you compare it by volume. P.S. I wish they had a soup sampler entree.  A bowl of each of their soups for some price, maybe like $2 a cup or something.  I'll definitely hit it again before I leave Pensacola for good.
After many lunches and dinners over the years I decided it was time to write a review of the New Yorker Deli. I have done everything from take-out to groups of 8 here and never (not even once) was the food bad or the service not exceptional. Something for everyone from my 3yr old son to the grandparents. It is on my best of Pensacola list and looks like it will stay there for a long time. My favorite is the calzone but I have been equally happy with sandwiches, salads and dinner plates. Enjoy!
First time here.  My husband brought us and it was really good with friendly service.  Pizza was awesome we killed a 16" without trying hard.
We were visiting Pensacola, and decided to try New Yorker with our 3 young kids.  We were really impressed with the staff and the food.  We ordered a large house salad and a 16" Hawaiian.  The salad was delicious and had hearty toppings.  The pizza's ingredients tasted very fresh and great!  We would definitely become regulars of this place if we lived in the area!
This place doesn't look like much and the parking is pretty scarce but the food is so delicious! We got a Hawaiian calzone and philly cheese steak. They make their own sauce and it's amazing. The cheese steak could've used some kind of a sauce or dressing (I might suggest a side of pizza sauce, or having them make it with it). The prices are right and the service was good. I would recommend!
Best Reuben ever!  However, I've never had a bad meal here!  From pizza, subs, salads and pasta, you won't go wrong eating here.  Everything is made fresh and is homemade. ps...sit in Ty's section. He is an awesome waiter!
I want to update my review for the New Yorker Deli- a few years ago they were struggling in the service department but they have solved those blips and are back to the fast and friendly service their reputation is built on. They recently changed up some of their signature salads but most of their menu stays constant and is constantly delicious. One of the things I really like about New Yorker is that it is quintessentially Pensacola- by that I mean unpretentious, affordable, and even if you are having a business meeting almost anyone in Pensacola would consider NYD an appropriate venue for doing business or lunching with friends. It is a totally versatile restaurant. Keep up the good work!
Pensacola's best kept secret! The place is a little small but the food & service is pristine! I've tried about everything on the menu and even had them call us when they made some of their soup of the days because we would rush down just for a bowl of deliciousness! We have a few favorite servers and let me tell you when our table walks in- about 5 adults and 2 or 3 kids/babies they have always gone out of their way to provide for us. One particular occasion my toddler accidentally spilt his drink and was so upset but the servers were quick and friendly about cleaning it up- they even made a joke of it and gave him a duct tape lid with cute doodles on it. Anyone that's given this place less than 5 stars, I am sorry because I've only had great experiences and encourage others to fall in love with this place as my family has!!
One of my favorite places in Pensacola! Absolutely delicious and tastes like New York! Their food is made for the standards of New Yorkers and I've heard it is because the owner is from there himself! My favorites are the pizza and the subs! If you get desert, try the double loving spoonful chocolate cake (or something like that). It's a yummy way to end a perfect meal.
The New Yorker Deli is always on my list of places to eat when I come home to visit. The sandwiches, soups, salads and service are all fantastic. Several of the servers have been there for years and always provide top notch service. This place can get crowded and the parking lot stinks, but its worth the small wait and pain to park. Eat at the New Yorker Deli and eat there often!
I quickly overlooked the New Yorker Deli as another typical "deli" place. I was so wrong. We ordered their veggie burger (and let me say, their menu is VERY vegetarian-friendly). We expected a store-bought garden burger, but we were surprised to have a house-made black bean, vegetable burger which was quite delicious. It was served with ranch or honey mustard (the honey mustard was tasty). On the whole, a really great experience. And although we didn't get to sample them, the desserts looked excellent.
I love this place. Anything I've ever tried has been delicious. We live 5 minutes away so this is our go-to for a quick dinner when no one feels like cooking. I always get a turkey sandwich on pumpernickel and I'm never disappointed. Their pizza and pasta is always a good idea. It can get pretty busy during peak hours and parking is limited, so bring your patience.
I've been going to the New Yorker Deli for over 10 years and now that I live away from Pensacola I still make sure I go everytime I'm in town. They have a great selection of light and heavy foods, and I don't think I've ever disliked anything I've gotten there.  The pasta rockefeller, Athenian pizza, and house salad are all must-haves although I've been known to down a french dip or two in my time. Any time of year, any time of day, I love the food.  I think everyone in the city knows that Daniel is the best server ever, and I love to see his smiling face there.  I also like the guy with braces and the girl with dreads, but the smaller Filipino woman drives me nuts with her constant "I"M SO BUSY I'M GOING CRAZY" energy, it stresses me out to have her as my server and whoever I had the last time I was there was even worse.  So I might only go when I see Daniel from now on...
My favorites: The Reuben soup.  "Reuben soup?!"  you exclaim?  Yes.  Reuben soup.  Believe me, I was dubious, but this stuff is a creamy delight and evokes the taste sensation of eating an actual Reuben sammitch. Any of the many pasta salads.  They are all delicious and fresh. The lasagna.  The noodles aren't cooked to death and the sauce is a great balance between savory and sweet. The Italian sammitch.  Always a great choice.  Even if you aren't terribly hungry, it makes no sense to just get the 6"...go ahead and get the 12" and have a meal for later. The pizza is just okay.  I'm not wild about the crust, although the toppings and sauce are high quality and taste great. Looking forward to my next visit.  It's been a while, even though I drive by the place frequently.
Great place for lunch to sit outside on the porch and enjoy spring in pcola. Had the $4 large bowl of crawfish etoufe And fresh made chocalate chip cookies
Just got home from the New Yorker and my god... we had amazing pizza!  There's something about their crust or cheese or ingredients... or geez... it's just really good!   Our waitress was a total sweetheart- as always. I had the carrot cake for dessert and OMG- divine!
New Yorker Deli definitely falls into the category of "classic Pensacola places" for me! My wife has been coming to the NYD since since was in high school, so that means they been serving up tasty Italian food since the mid-90's. Locals say they've been going a lot longer than that - so they've got a great tradition going. I tried the chicken fettuccine alfredo, and my wife had the athenian calzone. The calzone was the hands-down winner. It was amazing! The best part about NYD? The prices! The dinner entrees are all priced between $8-$11. It's hard to find traditional Italian food that hasn't jumped to over $15 at dinner these days. So for the value that you get, it's hard to go wrong. They also have a yummy dessert case to end things right. I would definitely recommend trying the New Yorker Deli!
New yorker gets it done!, in more ways then one. After a year and a half of living here, iwas finaly turned on to the new yorker by a co-worker. I went there three times that week, and probably another 4-5 times that month. Their subs and sandwichs are amazing and never ever disappoint. Especially the Italian, its probably my favorite sub in Pensacola. Now, being from the northeast I took for granted the fact that local pizza and sub shops were a dime a dozen. However, now that i'm in the south I'm aware of this strange phenomenon where awful chains like dominos and hungry howies are the standard. How anyone can pay for this sorry excuse for pizza is beyond me. However, avoiding these places was always at my peril as the other options (hopkacks, ozone, Tuscan oven) were seriously overpriced ($20 for a lg pizza!?) and usually failed to impress. Enter new yorker, their pizza is amazing and very reasonably priced. If you bother going anywhere else then you are an idiot, period.
One of my favorite restaurants in Pensacola, hands down. When you don't know what you want for dinner but want to make sure it doesn't disappoint, go here! The menu is rather large so will suit just about any taste. I'm a creature of habit so tend to gravitate towards the Chunky Chicken Salad--yum!.  My husband and I also LOVE their pizza. He normally orders "double cheese" at chains but this will result in a brick here; totally unnecessary.  Very cheesy and the sauce is very fresh tasting. Daniel is my favorite waiter in all of Pensacola so try to sit in his section and tip him well; he will earn it. Parking can be tricky, especially during the lunch hour. Try to go a little earlier or later than normal. Otherwise, you'll likely need to park on the street. Go and enjoy!
I've not been to the New Yorker Deli in a LOOOONG time, but from what I remember, it's great  -  one of Pensacola's not-so-hidden gems.  The salads and cheesecake are/were the best.  I also love love love the decor.  The restaurant is based around the New Yorker Magazine, which is one of my absolute favorites.  The tables are decorated with New Yorker cartoons and the walls with New Yorker covers.  It's definitely a no-frills kind of place, but I promise you'll have some good food.
The French Dip was fantastic! Tried a few other of their many salads, all good - potato, tuna, chicken, antipasto, etc. Definitely a hidden gem to try.
Great Place for Pizza. My wife get the Greek Salad which is very good.
Small restaurant but the food is excellent! My faves: the vegetable lasagna with marinara sauce and the cheesecake! The hot sandwiches are delicious as well. And the cheesecake! :)
This place is a real find.  It's got cheesecake, deli salads, deli meats, and New York style pizza.  A great deli for being in the middle of Pensacola.
This used to be one of our favorite places, with great service, but today's visit was extremely disappointing. As usual, we were greeted not by a hostess but by a large sign telling us to seat ourselves. We chose a free table outside, and after a few minutes were finally "greeted" by a server who told us there was a wait for outside seating. When asked about the "seat yourself" sign, she tersely said "that doesn't apply to outside" and didn't even seem apologetic when we said we were leaving. Needless to say, we probably won't venture back here for awhile.
Being that my parents were born and raised in the Bronx, this is as close to a NYC pizza you can get in Pensacola.. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
After reading the good reviews, I stopped by for lunch while on vacation. Had a grilled cheese and beer on the patio under the misters and umbrella. Very comfortable, great server and good atmosphere. If you like deli food, you should check this place out.
I have been to many real NY Deli's and this isn't even a good imitation. Sorry, but after three attempts, I can assure you there will not be a 4th trip. Pastrami flavorless, bread soggy, understaffed business.
The only reason I don't go here more often is because I live too far away! Food, service, and atmosphere are great and prices are reasonable. Love NYD!!!
Good food and good prices.  The wait staff is really great but the service gets a little slow when they get busy.  They make the pizza dough fresh every day and the salads are amazing.  Closed on Sundays.
My husband is a HUGE fan of Good Pastrami. In fact every year I order his birthday sandwich overnighted from Carnegies in NYC. We have tried all the local delis in Coastal Alabama, even traveling to New Orleans in search of his favorite sandwich. No luck until he found The New Yorker. It is a quaint little restaurant with a wonderful vibe. Shannon, our server was cheerful and professional. They had a great selection of craft beers and wine and a deli case filled with awesome salads and cheesecakes. We ordered ice cold beers and enjoyed our brief wait listening to 80's rock and checking out the eclectic décor. The sandwiches while not huge, were filling. Served with a dill pickle slice and chips they were happily devoured! Before we left we commented to Shannon that aside from the more normal size of the sandwiches they were delightful. She pointed out their tribute sandwich to the Twin Towers which can be ordered in either pastrami or corned beef. Bob ordered one to go along with the 2 pounds of salads I'd chosen to take home. It comes with potato salad and pickle. The salads chosen, my pasta and his antipasta were both excellent. ( Although I did add extra feta when we ate them later.) The antipasta was rather spicey for me however that extra cheese turned down the heat to a reasonable level. We will certainly be back many times!!  The 3 sandwiches, 2 beers and 2 pounds of salads ran $45.00 plus tip. It was a wonderfully different dining experience for both of us.
Cool little deli close to downtown. There is not a huge amount of seating, so probably not the best place when its busy, but the food is pretty good. I recommend the calzone.
ASK for DANIEL -- top notch service -- knew the menu inside and out, can make educated recommendations per personal taste, a definite professional this business should hang on to. Now the FOOD -- had rosemary roll, eggplant Parmesan and the manicotti. The roll was delicate and full of flavor. The eggplant parm was grounded and earthy, nicely battered and cooked well as there was not an excess of moisture below the crust - it was great. The manicotti's cheese was a fluffy blend with subtle notes of herbs folded expertly into a creamy concoction that the texture of the noodles supported. Local, reasonable, expanded well thought out menu, excellent customer service. Stop in, it's worth it.
A friendly and affordable hole-in-the-wall with an enormous menu.  I really wish we had a place like this in Austin!  Either way, we know the next time we're in the area, we would definitely drive out of our way just to eat here. I had the Italian Calzone and my husband had the Chicken Parmesan.  Both were  great.  Do not miss the cheesecake-  even if you don't have any room for it, take it to go!   You won't regret it.
Came here for the first time with my friend Joe. All of his neighbors recommended this place for over a year now, so we decided to check it out.
This place is great! Everything is pretty much good.the carrot cake is exactly perfect! Calzones & strombolis are huge & everything is priced very reasonably. U gotta try this place if you haven't already!
Been there many time for lunch the food is very good and always more than I can eat. As for the service the people that work there are very fast and helpful. I would recommend it to anyone.
After a day at the beach decided on some NY pizza.  As we walked in were greeted with friendly smiles. Very cozy and family friendly. Ordered half a Hawaiin pizza and  pepperoni. Very delicious. Also had lasagna and potato soup. Excellent food. Couldn't resist the cheese cake and was not disappointed.
