Lunch date today with my wife and we decided to try YumMi Deli. We were greeted by a very nice man who took our order answering all our questions. He could tell we were not familiar with all the items on the menu but understood that we were willing to explore.  We both had different Bahn Mi's (sandwich, sub, poboy.. you get the idea) and both of us were VERY happy. We also ordered vegetarian spring rolls for appetizer. (also very good).  The bread was excellent and the fresh crisp veggies and meats were perfect portions.  Our total bill was about $12 for two satisfied adults.  We have two young kids and we will be bringing them here in the near future. There are many items on the menu and I plan on trying them all on my future visits. (bon appetite) Update: I had lunch here last week with a colleague and we both had the Pho. It was very yummy and the large portions were so big we could not finish it. GREAT FOOD!
I came here today with my best friend for lunch. We shared a Banh Mi, she had the Pho Bo, and I had the Bun Bo Hue. We had a Banh Mi Xiu Mai (meat ball), Pate, and Cha (steam pork paste). The Banh Mi was edible but not good compared to all the ones back home in Houston. The Xiu Mai was a little on the tough side and tasteless. If you want Pho, there's only one option. Pho Bo (beef). You don't get to choose what kinds of meats you want and create your bowl because it's already set. That's weird. I've never been anywhere like this. The both was.. Not necessarily bland but it doesn't taste like what Pho should taste like. As for the Bun Bo Hue, I could already tell by the color of the broth when it came out that it wasn't good. I was right when I tasted it. The Bun Bo Hue lacked flavor. There were big chunks of chewy beef and tendon. I think what they are lacking might be Mam Ruoc (shrimp paste) but I'm unsure because it was so bland that they were probably lacking many things. The people here were very friendly and nice. Service was good. I wish I could give them more stars but the food was horrible. Maybe it's because I'm visiting from Houston and where I'm from the Vietnamese population is greater than what it is here so my expectations are much higher. Either way, I wouldn't go here.
Overrated. I give this place 3 stars as an update. First of all, they're friendly. But the lady got my order wrong. We ordered for a large Taro bubble drink, but we got a small because she misheard us. Sad that they didn't do anything about it, not even apologize. And what's weirder is that I was expecting to get the typical purple-colored Taro bubble drink, but it was white. I am assuming that they used real taro to make the drink this time around... but pictures they have up and people's pictures on Yelp prove otherwise; it's misleading. I wanted my PURPLE Taro!! The "white taro" bubble drink I got wasn't as appetizing. Next, I got a grilled pork banh mi sandwich. FLAVOR IS EXCELLENT. It's the best banh mi in the Panhandle. No other places here taste like it! It's authentic and reminds me of the good Asian food in the West Coast. However, we were disappointed for having stale bread. =( It's just not an overall good eating experience when you have such good flavors but STALE BREAD! It's a sandwich!! Come on! I also give the place 3 stars because I mean... The place is a little ghetto. Inside, it seems... lacking interiorly. They need to clean up a bit. We sat down to eat in the small area with few tables BUT our table was covered in crumbs! Seriously!? There's only like 4 sets of tables and they're all dirty. Smh. Go clean up!! And we have a baby. Their business needs at least one highchair if they ever wish to have more customers take the time to eat in there. If not, just make it a to-go restaurant! I feel like I should give 2 stars, but I'll be nice.
With the incredible reviews I was expecting something much better. While the Pho was excellent and available in multiple flavors, the entire experience was sub par. The restaurant was extremely cluttered and felt dirty and the service was slow and came across as disinterested. I can see where locals would love it, but I won't be dining here again.
I'm sad to have to update this review with a diminution of stars, but my sandwich the other day was very disappointing. The sandwiches are now $4, which would still be a great deal...*if* the sandwiches were as good as they used to be.  They aren't.  Or, at least, mine wasn't.  I got the cold cut combo this time and there was hardly any meat on the thing.  Nobody can accuse me of not knowing that of which I speak, because I have had many ban mi 'wiches from Yummi in the past.  The one that I had recently was in no fashion like the ones that I have bought in the past. Now you have the option of paying an extra $2 for a sandwich with more meat and larger bread.  Maybe that's why the "regular" ban mi is so chintzy.  I dunno.  Now pho is on the menu every day, along with some other things.  I was too busy salivating and anticipating my lunch to pay attention.   Clean place, nice people.  No paper towels in the bathroom.  I'll go back, but I won't be nearly as enthusiastic as I was the other day.  Your experience may be better.  I hope so.  Read my initial review and compare it to this update...I am not happy to pan one of my favorite places, but I am compelled to do so.
After trekking around West Pensacola for an hour, I found myself here. If haven't been here yet, keep a few things in mind: they'll put all topping on the bahn mi unless you specify (mayo, jalapeños, cucumber, pickles radish and carrots, cilantro), the prices from the 2013 menus in the pictures have changed (bahn mi, eggrolls, and pho are up, a sign on the front counter explains that the price in meat have gone up, but they want to keep the quality the same, so they've bumped them up too), prices include tax, and prepare to wait a little. I order Milk Tea Bubble Tea/Boba ($3.25 for a small). I also bought Banh Mi Nem Nuong ($4) and a Bahn Bao ($1.25). Total: $9.50 The boba was alright (first time trying milk tea, but I prefer avacado overall, plus I have a tasty recipe for it, so I'm set forever). The bahn mi was pretty okay. It's only one of the many they have, so I'll keep trying the other. I'll taste some of the other dishes when I get a chance. I haven't eaten my bahn bao yet, but I have noticed that it's significantly smaller then the ones at Bien Dong Oriental Market ($1.79) down the street. I'm full at the moment, but I'll taste test the two and see which is tastier. There may or may not be boba and bahn mi punch cards. I saw some, but I forgot to ask the guy working for one.. Overall, it was pretty okay. They all seem nice and polite. It's too far away for me to regularly go there to eat. I'll probably bring my parents here for some lunch when they come up to get their opinion.
..You gotta visit the 'hood every once in awhile to keep an ear to the streets. How else will white people and bourgeois black folks(present company excluded) know what's "IN"? I've been to Yummi Deli a few times, finally decided to post up and engage my thoughts on this place. This place is really good. It's not fancy, so those with sticks up their butts and noses in the air probably should just avoid this place. As for the rest of us 99 %, don't let the bullet holes and crime scene tape scare you off. It's worth the trek to the Westside of town, and it's actually not that far from downtown where I work. For first timers, the set-up can be a bit confusing, but after you've been a couple of times the routine gets a bit familiar. I would recommend calling in a to-go order during lunch time because sometimes the wait can be a bit long if you go during lunch rush. The service, ehh not 5 stars, and sometimes Grandpa Yummi, the guy who brings the Pho out to you looks like he's about to pour it over your head, needs to smile or something,  but I can overlook that if they are polite and the food is good. This visit we had the Bun Bo Hue, Cha Gio(Eggrolls), Che Tai Boba Tea, and the Banh Mi Bo Nuong(Grilled Lemongrass Beef) HEAVEN!!! The baguettes, baked from scratch, are some of the best I've ever had and the flavors are just indescribable, from the cilantro to the pickled carrots and red onions, leave it to the Vietnamese to come up with some of the best dishes. If you haven't been here its a Pensacola must try. You won't be disappointed.
I'll be blunt, the place is not very appealing to the eye.  The neighborhood is shady, complete with hooker on corner.  The exterior isn't  screaming "eat here," and the interior looks like they're going out of business.  Nonetheless, I took a chance on trusting the positive reviews.  In the end the grilled pork Bahn Mi was pretty good. The bread was excellent.   If the rest of the package was working--neighborhood and visual appeal-- I'd give it 3 stars.  I won't go back.
I've been spoiled my whole life growing up in a large Vietnamese family and living in the DC area where delicious Vietnamese food is not hard to find. However, the quality of the Banh Mi sandwich that I had at this restaurant was pretty good compared to other Vietnamese cuisine I have had in the area. One night I decided to venture over to try out this sandwiches. I've been hurting for some good Vietnamese food since relocating to Pensacola. This particular night I ordered the lemongrass beef sandwich and an order of summer rolls (goi cuon). The goi cuon was not great. I had asked for a shrimp only goi cuon and received one with shrimp and pork. Being the only customer in the deli at the time I would have expected them to be able to get my order correct. The goi cuon didn't taste the freshest. It's possible that they were made earlier in the day and the reason why it still had meat in it. The sauce for the goi cuon was limp and very heavy with the hoisin. I'm used to thick sauces with a perfect balance between hoisin and peanut. But who am I kidding... No one can rival momma's goi cuon sauce! The banh mi itself was delightful. The beef itself was delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed it. The bread was pretty fresh. The guy who made my sandwich was extremely heavy on the butter mayo which I could've done with less of that. The other ingredients were fresh and a good compliment to the beef. I do plan on returning to try some other items. It was a pretty good experience considering the other Vietnamese food options in the area.
I went here today around noon.  The man and woman in the front are incredibly friendly and helped guide me with my order.   I got the Banh Mi with grilled pork.  Apparently that's the most popular one, so I went with that.  It was very good.  I can't stop thinking about the lemongrass beef another customer got, so I will definitely be back for that one!   The bread is outstanding.  I'm not a huge bread fan but this was clearly fresh and that helped it's deliciousness. The price is awesome.  $4 for a delicious and fresh sandwich.  Normally I love jalapenos but since I'm pregnant, I had to take them off.  They were sure to give me heartburn.  The sandwich was still delicious without them though. I also got an egg roll, which was more of a spring roll size (too small), but the price made it worth it.  I could have eaten 10 of those.   I hear the pho is the best in town so I'll try that next time, too!
First off, let me say that the food was excellent. Glad you're open and love the cuisine. The service was poor.  The young man taking the order did not pay attention and not one but two things were wrong. I ended up waiting 30 minutes for a to-go order with only two people in the Restaurant. I will go back, but if service doesn't improve there will not be a third strike....
If you love great pho and dynamite meals, look no further! This little deli is right down the street and is amazing! They were really helpful in deciding what I should try and were extremely friendly. Would recommend to anyone.
How in the world is this place not a franchise, but Subway is. You can get a bombass footlong sandwich with chicken/pork/or just veggies for $4.30!!! Fresh with great flavors. I've also had the combination stir-fry and that was also pretty good. The only downside is the interior decor. If they hire a consultant this place would most definitely become a gold mine.
Have to say I agree with Steve H.  something has changed and the whole adding $2 for an extra long Banh Mi doesn't get you as much as taking a $4 sandwich and cutting it in half. Will continue to go because I really like Banh Mi and do think they make the best in the area, however, someone in charge there needs to fix the inconsistency problem with the sandwiches aka the sudden skimpy factor because it has happened  3 times out of my last 4 visits.
Best sandwich in town!! Awesome, crusty baguette and interesting flavors. I've only had the sandwiches, but they also do pho and other things. Try the Taro Bubble Tea!
I Heart Yummi Deli!!!!   First, service here is ahhhmazing.  The sweet lady that works behind the counter is just the best ever.   Food -  (the reason we came here) is great.  The weekend special was the beef pho which was very good (better than golden palace), and we took sandwiches to go, which were on par with some of the best banh mi i've had in the bay area.   Prices- excellent.  I think for our two bowls of pho, and sandwiches we were out of there for under $20.  It's a steal in my book.   Folks, we have found good vietnamese food in Pensacola!  (now to get them to offer pho on a daily basis)...  = )
I am a pho ga addict and am very picky about the broth. It needs to be clear, flavorful, warm with spices, and taste of the beef bones cooked for hours and hours. This place delivers 100% homemade pho like your Vietnamese grandma would make for you. So far the pho is a special on certain weekends, follow Yummi on Facebook to see when they have it so you can get your pho fix. I have eaten pho all over this country and this is the best, most homemade I have ever, ever had. This place is clean, family-run, very friendly, very good business people. The bahn mi  are out of this world. Also for sale are summer rolls, dumplings, sticky rice, bun dac biet, and bean cake for take-home enjoyment. I am overjoyed this place has opened and I hope they never close.
Talk about a small business that has taken Pensacola by storm.  The young couple who fronts this deli is tech savy, smart, and genuinely cares about their customer's satisfaction. Food wise I have little negatives to say.  I've been her thrice to have different meals.  Their bread and butter is the traditional Viet subs, aka Banh Mi.  They make it just like home and comparable to larger Asian populated areas like Atlanta.  $3.50 is reasonably priced for a custom Viet sub, okay in my book!  Moreover the ingredients are well balanced and fresh.  I only wish they had spicier peppers, but most of their customers would be okay with their jalapeño pepper selection. I've also been their on the weekends for their specials advertised on their social media pages.  I had their Mi Quang and Pho.  The Mi Quang interpretation by the head chef was interesting.  I enjoyed the greens, different meats that were in the meal, and was surprised by the sweet and tangy twist that I never experienced in this soup.  Pho was good and fresh.  Broth was not extremely greasy like other local pho places in Pensacola.   I also tried an order of their spring rolls.  I wasn't too impressed since the rolls seemed to be a bit stale and I didn't enjoy the dipping sauce that came with it.  Lastly, this place has traditional viet desserts as well as boba tea smoothies!  This is winning as I don't have to drive to east Pensacola for desserts now. YumMi front store managers are a young couple.  They genuinely care about the food and are always asking for my honest opinion after each meal/visit.  The kitchen is run by family members, I presume since they work rather well together for a new business.  When the store gets busy, it does seem a bit chaotic, so a better flow of greeting the customers, seating or taken their orders, and receiving product payment could use a bit of an improvement.  However, i know that this is probably a product of being new and awesome so things could work itself out after a few weeks.   Overall, I'm extremely content with YumMi.  Being Vietnamese and finding a place that has food close to mom's home cooking makes this guy happy.  I've enjoyed my visits to YumMi and would definitely recommend this place to my yelper buds!  Keep up the good work YumMi and start serving some ot hiem!
Had their weekend special, bun bo hue... and all I can say is WOW...tastes like mother's home made food. All of a sudden I'm not missing CA. and SO CA is known for their authentic food. Soup was savory with blasting flavors!   Staff are super nice, friendly and welcoming. Makes you feel like home! Love LOVE this place!!!!
Prices are super low but the quality is super high!!! Got one of the viet style subs with grilled chicken!!! WOW!!! What flavor explosion! It was so good I went back in and got another!!! Staff is super friendly.
Very tasty Vietnamese sandwiches and friendly service.
Excellent food with fast and friendly service.  The surrounding neighborhood is not one of Pensacola's best and the shop leaves a little to be desired in terms of ambiance, but overall great food and value!
They specialize in banh mi and pho. Even thoigh the menu is small, they do it very well. Also, free wifi.
I'm always greeted by the guy up front when I walk in. Love their cold cut meat vietnamese sandwich. They provide quality in their food and fresh veggies in the sandwiches. Living in LA and Seattle I'm used to paying less than the price here but I noticed there isn't much Vietnamese sandwich locations around in Pensacola so I understand why the pricing is a little bit higher. This is my go to place for a snack while I'm visiting in Pensacola.
A random Yelp search teleported me to Yummi Deli on a Saturday afternoon. We had never heard of this place, perhaps the other Vietnamese restaurant on Davis Hwy overshadows this quaint deli, but, man, after slurping down some Vietnamese iced coffee while waiting for my to-go order, and then after eating my bahn mi, I am overjoyed to know Yummi Deli exists and serves Pensacola. Whilst waiting I spotted and smelled some pho as it was delivered to a near-by table; it smelled and looked amazing, I must try their pho! The restaurant itself was very clean, spacious, and had a massive HD TV on the wall.  Go there and eat well. $4 bahn mi sandwiches, $3 iced coffee (a bit steep for the serving size)...
I was very disappointed with the price of the banh mi and proportion size of the meat.  I am use to having a true Banh Mi filled with meat for about $2.50 or so but I paid $4.00 for the sandwich and felt like I was skimped on the meat.  On top of that, I ordered the strawberry smoothie and was led to believe that this smoothie would  be made with real fruits as advertised, however, this young man did not inform me that he was out of the fruit and used purely powdered strawberry to make my smoothie.  When asked about the drink, he said the only two options out of the entire menu of smoothies for fresh fruit was avocado and jack fruit.  At the price I paid, I could have made that exact smoothie for a fraction of the cost.  I won't be coming back.
Had a bahn mi craving when I was visiting my relatives in Pensacola, FL. Yelped for bahn mi sandwiches and what do you know, such place exists! I was really surprised by how cheap it was! In NYC, the place I go to is about 7-8 dollars. It's about half the price of that here! WHY ARE YOU SO CHEAP!? I'm getting depressed as I'm typing this in NYC! You can tell that the ingredients they use are fresh! I would definitely come back here when I visit again.
This was our first time eating Vietnamese food as a family - and I'm so glad to have found this place! My 7, 11, and 15 year old kept asking for more bites of the Pho I ordered - everything about it was delicious. Great service - having never eaten Vietnamese before, the man up from was really patient and helpful in explaining the food, etc. Will definitely be back :)
Not only is the food on a whole new level of amazing, but staff/owners are so nice and care about the quality of food they sell.
I love Banh Mi sandwiches.  My university was in the heart of a Vietnamese community.  The Vietnamese delis and Banh Mi sandwiches  kept me going during my college years.  I was excited when I heard that Yummi Deli had opened up.  They are spot on on what a vietnamese deli should be, fresh, good and inexpensive.  Run don't walk and try some of the best sandwiches in town.
Best sandwiches anywhere.!
Name says it all...yummi!
Had a banh mi chicken sandwich today for lunch, and I was impressed.  Fresh baked bread, crisp vegetables, and the chicken was cooked perfectly.  The most pleasant surprise was the price...sandwich and bottled water for $5.00, and I am full!  What a value, and the service was excellent.  This is Vietnamese cuisine at its best, and I will be back.
I will eat everything on this menu. This place is cheap, friendly, and delicious.
Amazing sandwiches.  It's not only so unique from typical sandwich food but the abundance of flavors and the freshness of ingredients cannot be beat.  Very friendly staff.   I hope to see their business take off.  We need more like this in the Pensacola / Orange Beach area
Delicious!  I first experienced one of these sandwiches in San Diego where they are plentiful...hands down these are the best!  The chicken is awesome, and be sure to get the spring rolls.  Great addition here in Pensacola!
Yummi Deli was featured in the local newspaper today and I had to try it. Cold cut combo was as described; an explosion of flavors.
As a half filipina - i KNOW my asian foods - ALL of them!!  Vietnamese is one of my faves!!  This place is smackin' good!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE that lemongrass beef banh mi!  I've eaten all over the world and this is simple, fresh, delicious food in a nice clean space and did i mention the EXTREMELY reasonable prices. This place hits the nail on the head!  The staff are super friendly and helpful to those that aren't familiar with this type of cuisine.  Definitely going to be a staple.  Thanks for opening up shop in pensacola!  Look forward to making this a go-to place when i get a vietnamese craving!!  :)  Keep up the good work and THANK YOU!!
Went there for Pho on a saturday and it was incredible! Went back one day for lunch and you can't beat the sandwich prices plus they are great sandwiches. If you are in Pensacola and looking for Vietnamese food, this is the spot.
Delicious Vietnamese style sandwiches, good appetizers, and super friendly folks running the place.  Couple those attributes with very reasonable prices and you have a winner.  Highly recommend this place, especially if you haven't ever had a Vietnamese sandwich, they are some of the best in the world!  2 thumbs up!
I've been twice now and had the grilled chicken banh mi and the grilled pork banh mi. I plan to try one of their banh mi sandwiches in every way they make them, which is about 7 or 8 different ways. They also have premade to-go items, like fresh spring rolls and desserts. They also serve authentic pho soup- so tasty! So good and healthy. Love this place.
I'm very surprise to see all these 5 star reviews. However, some of them seem more like an advertisement than a review. We didn't want to cook that Sunday so we went there and had the weekend specials. We had pho and bun bo hue with some baguettes to go. The soups literally gave us a run for our money. We all had diarrhea the whole day with 2 of us continuing onto the next. There were way too much MSG in the soups. We had baguettes there before and didn't have a problem. The baguettes are average (pretty good for pensacola). I will not be going back because if they put that much MSG in the soups, there must be some in other items too.
Great place for a nice sandwich. A nice addition to pensacola.
best vietnamese deli in pcola for sure. bread is made fresh, real local, everything made in house
Went there after work one day. I tried their chicken fried rice and bubbles milk tea. Very satisfied. Tasty food with a decent price. The staff are so friendly and nice. Will visit again on weekend for some specials
