It was me and my buddys first time here at the restaurant and service was fantastic! The owner greeted us before, during, and after our meal. Our "new" waitress was fantastic and very pleasant :). She explained some of the foods to us, which was needed. I ordered the Chicken Tikki Marsala and that was really delicious and very filling! I also had the garlic naan which is a MUST!!!!  I had a great time with delicious food.  Definitely will go again to try the lamb/goat dishes.
Great service and hospitality! try the Garlic Naan! it's so yummy! They have levels to their spiciness, which rang from Regular, American, Indian and I think the last was Insane? haha Loved their cups, bowls and plates, and the overal vibe of the resturant. I ordered the Zeera Aloo Potatoes tempered with cumin seeds and spice blend. and got it at an American level of spicy which was delicous! I've had this actually homemade before, so I was very happy to see this as a menu option and even more satisfied with the taste! If you want to try some Indian Food give this place a chance!
Used open table to reserve. Had menu, water, crisps all awaiting. Service good & friendly & personable. Def a small restaurant feel. Old monk beer very tasty & appropriate. Curries done nicely. He said its north india style with some south india additions (I think it was the addition of coconut). Ambiance nice. Indian music videos playing, not too loud. Looks like they've a buffet for lunches. Showed to dinner at 6:30p ish on a thurs. Only one other customer, but it grew by 16ish more people by the end of dinner. I like the proper silverware, it really adds to the quality feel of the meal. I'll be back. Wish I lived closer.
The fish curry was terrible! Chef has no idea how to cook. It looked like curry was prepared by a chinese person. Most people who reviewed here have reviewed the lunc buffet not the dinner.
Quite good. The lunch buffet is excellent. A little variety would be nice as they have mostly the same fare every day, but I guess familiarity works, too. Good service as long as it's not too busy.
Being a big fan of Indian food I was excited to try Taste of India while I visited Pensacola and I was not dissapointed in the least. I try the Phaal with goat which is a dark herb/tomato sauce with Bhut Jolokia peppers (yes its very hot, definitely hotter than anyone who isn't a heat addict will be able to tolerate)  the dish was searing hot but extremely flavorful and very satisfying there was definitely a good balance of heat and flavor.  The samosas were also great. Downsides are the naan was a little overcooked and dry and not particularly appetizing to the eye or the palette. Overall I would still recommend you check this place out it is quite delicious.
Great Indian food for Pensacola. Definitely the best in the city. All their food is really good and the owners are really nice people.
This review had been a long time coming. I love love love Indian food and I love love love Taste of India. I love it so much that I drive 35 minutes both ways to eat here at least once a week. Where to start. It's a great place to order take out. They package their to go orders so well that my food is still hot whenever I get home. Their Chicken Tikka Masala is uh ma zing. If you dine in the service is great and their restaurant is charming. It is a family run business and they definitely appreciate your business. I've eaten here at 8:30 on a Sunday night 30 minutes before closing and they never turned down patrons coming in unreasonably late. On that Sunday we were the only non-brown people in the restaurant if that is any indication of how good their food is! As a note for anyone who has never eaten Indian cuisine- the spices and ingredients used to make many Indian dishes are quite expensive and getting such a high quality experience for 15ish bucks is a steal! I have never been disappointed and we have been eating here consistently for over a year.
I used to love love love Taste of India-at its old location. It was one of my two favorite restaurants in the area. Then I left for 3 years. I've been craving their food for years, it was the best!!  I couldn't wait to get back. Then, I return to Pcola. Tonight, I order my old standby, veggie korma with aloo paratha. As soon as I step inside, I notice completely different staff. When I get into the car and looked at my order, the packaging is different too. Hmmm. I try the aloo paratha. Heavy, damp bread. It used to be airy and crispy. Spiced strangely. No chunks of potatoes like before. Disappointed. As soon as I get home, I tried the korma. It was salty. I couldn't even finish all of it. I don't know if they are using different management, different recipes , or have changed owners, but it isn't like the old, delicious place at all. I probably won't return and this makes me heart hurt, since I used to love it so much.
My boyfriend and I went last night for dinner. The food was so good and the service was great. They are very attentive and make sure you have everything you need and help if you have questions with the menu. We had the cauliflower appetizer( gogi something) they recommended to start. It was delicious. We also both got curry; he had the coconut, and I opted for the spiciest one the phaal curry. Both had excellent flavor. The phaal was probably the spiciest I've ever had but it was really good. The naan and other bread we got were tasty too. Portions are big, I finished the rest of it today for lunch. I highly recommend this place. I will definitely return when I am in town.
Our first time trying out Indian food and Taste of India and we were extremely pleased with everything!  Our server helped with food selection and informed us on proper Indian food techniques (ie hands vs. Forks) We had the Meat Samosa appetizers and she told us about the variety of sauces and relishes brought to the table.  Each one was delicious and enhanced the Samosa in different ways deliciously! I ordered the Taste of India Tandoori Grill and each bite was fantastic.  He ordered to Chicken Tikka Maasala and we had an order of Na'an to share.  Overall the dinner was great! We're normally displeased with a limited selection of healthy dining options to choose from and now we have a new restaurant to go to when we're looking for a great non-"burger and fries" dinner. THANKS!
Not sure what to order? Ask the waiter! Our waiter was awesome... He picked the perfect meal for my family!  Even my 4 year old daughter loved it. The lunch buffet is awesome.  Come hungry... they'll make sure you have more food than you could ever eat!   Very reasonable prices.  The staff is amazing.  The owner makes you feel like family.  What more could you ask for, really?
Amazing food and service! The lunch buffet is very good and if you have any questions about your options the waiters are happy to help.
I didn't know this place moved and I thought it got closed down! It would be such a shame too, since this some of the best Indian food I've ever had. They have a great all you can eat lunch buffet, for like 15$ per person, that has an wide variety of choices for everyone. I can't stand spicy food, but my boyfriend loves it, so whenever we go, we both get what we want! I highly recommend this place! It's our monthly treat!
We had driven to Pensacola from Niceville to go to the World Market and the Indian grocery store on Plantation Road and the guy working in the grocery store told us about A Taste of India so we went there for lunch. We had the lunch buffet and it was awesome. The interior was very clean and decorated very nicely. The food was fresh and the Tandori chicken was very good. The mango ice cream and rice pudding were also great. The only con is that there isn't one in Ft Walton Beach or Niceville, but it's definitely worth the drive.
Always great food. Service is great and the owners are super friendly. I recommend the butter chicken (Indian hot) and cauliflower appetizer
I just finished lunch at the new location of Taste of India. As we were starting the lunch Buffet we were approached by a very friendly man and had every dish described to us. The Buffet had a good selection of food and was divided up into groups that made choosing easier. I especially enjoyed the Korma Curry, Saag, Chicken Tikka Marsala and their Naan. The atmosphere was very nice and the staff was efficient and friendly. I will definitely return there on my next visit to Pensacola.
Always have loved this place but it has gotten even better. The staff is much more friendly and very welcoming. Food is delicious and good choices on the buffet for a vegetarian.
I love the atmosphere and the food. The owner is super nice and funny. Get the vindaloo! And make it "brown man" spicy! Garlic naan bread is a must!
I loved this place and plan to come back. Was not over spicy or had to much curry. Impressive buffet. Friendly staff. The best Indian food by far I have had.
Ate here today, had the buffet.  The food is excellent, fragrant, and fresh.  Walking in, the comforting smells of cardamom blend with he nice decor-- very welcoming!  Eat here whenever you get the chance, and order a tea.  Also, make sure to mix the mango ice cream in to your desert.  Also, the manager was fun and made sure everyone has enough naan (tasty!) at all times.
Taste of India is the best Indian food in Pensacola and I also include it in my top 5 restaurants of any type in Pensacola. My wife and I had dinner here last Friday night and we were very happy with our whole experience. We dined at the old location a few times and this was our first time at the new location. The server was very nice and after we finished our food, she came over to our table and asked my wife if she liked her dinner. My wife did and the server continued to explain to us that the dish was her Mothers recipe from the area of Kashmir India. It was a great experience and we felt like they invited us into their house for dinner.
I had lunch there today, so I can only speak for their lunch buffet..but it was only "all right." The rice was either undercooked or had been sitting their way too long..and was all crunchy. Same for the naan. Actually, pretty much everything tasted less than fresh, and was lacking in traditional Indian favorites. There was only 1 vegetarian dish that I enjoyed. I even asked our server about a couple of the dishes offered, and all she could tell me about them was that she had never tried them before..?! Now, had I paid like $6 for this, I would've understood. But when our 2 buffets came out to $30 I was flabbergasted! No way would I ever come here again.
Great food and service. We really enjoyed the Panjabi Rice, Chicken Tikka Masasa, and Tandoori Chicken. However, all of the dishes we had were good. They also have a nice selection of items, from vegetarian to meat lovers. Reasonable prices, and the best Indian food in Pensacola.
to begin with I would recommend a giant kingfisher beer for only $4.00 after that the naan was super fresh and yummy.  we had saag mali kofta and korma.  all were perfectly made,fresh and served by a great staff.
I don't really write reviews but I had to for this establishment. Their food wowed me, very tasty and also authentic. I tried their goat curry (bhoona) for dinner and it was superb. The to-go portion was very generous, and could easily feed 3-4 adults. They have a wide variety of dishes at the lunch buffet, and their Mango icecream is THE BEST I have ever had.  The staff is very friendly and attentive. I will be coming here frequently for sure. You should give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
