Amazing place! Great food and our server was awesome.  I had the beet salad and my sister ordered the Rueben sandwich, oh my word, best ever!   You guys are awesome. Keep up the great work
The wife and I came here for a date night, since we weren't sure if it was appropriate to lug our adolescent children with us. We were kind of glad we didn't, because: 1. The place is small, and the only table available was for two. 2. The prices are high. We came in on a busy Friday night, and we happened to get the last available table. Unfortunately, that table was way in the corner right next to the door to the kitchen/storage room. When we looked at the menu, we noticed that most of the stuff on there was southern comfort food. We didn't have a problem with it, but it just seemed strange that a trendy restaurant like this would serve those items. My wife ended up ordering the shrimp and grits and I ordered the chicken pot pie. When the dishes arrived, it definitely did not look like what we expected them to look like. I would say that they serve comfort food with their own personal twist. Both of our dishes were fantastic, and unlike most American food, it wasn't over seasoned. It reminded me a lot of the great food in Europe. With that said, they get 5 stars for food. As for service, our server was not very attentive. Our water glasses were empty for 10-15 minutes and he never noticed. We had to flag our server down for water refills. Therefore, they get 3 stars for service, since our waiter was still pleasant. Overall, a restaurant with great food and not-so-great service.
This is a good date night place. Cute and affordable for being a $$. The iPads are superfluous and should be done without but I like the food. Been there a few times and always satisfied. I got the tomato soup and it was the best in my life.
The place was clean and the service was excellent!  we very much enjoyed the africanized soup and their signature pot roast.    But the Cuban sandwich leaves something to be desired.  The roast pork on the sandwich was fatty & tough, cut into pretty large chunks.  The bread was not a cubano bread.  Overall it was pretty dry & boring.   I know, I know...  I shouldn't go to a place named Pot Roast and order a cuban.  I wish our server had told us about the specials like he did other tables.  I think I would have opted for the quesadilla. Overall fair lunch experience, I would like to return for dinner.
The good: we didn't get sick. The bland: the food. When you've named the restaurant after pot roast, you should be making a great pot roast. It tasted like boiled beef and that's not how I like mine. It was tasteless and mushy, there was no distinct fiber to the meat. My spouse had lobster mac & cheese. They pulled it out of a cooler and walked it through to the back for a couple minutes. We suspect that was to microwave the dish. Or maybe there was a hair in it? It wasn't as good at the deli at Joe Patti's. The strange: the wine list was on a tablet but the app wasn't the best and the waiter jumped right in to help like he was used to doing that. My spouse ordered a glass of Moscato, which is supposed to be a sweet desert wine. This was bitter and cost as much as a bottle of the good stuff. Anyway, the meal had a high expense to taste ratio and is not to be experienced twice. This review is of a supper eaten, July 22nd, about 6 weeks ago,
I love this place and have on good authority that some of Pensacola's best chefs do too. I get the deviled eggs every time I go and they are always different....And AMAZING! Expect foodie twists on classic recipes. For example, they have "tater tots" that are the size of a golf ball and ridiculously flavorful! The Freeto Pie is another weird but good. Their late hours are completely insane. No more Waffle House for this guy! Full disclosure: 4 stars because I hate iPads at restaurants.
Everything is outstanding, brunch is made to perfection, lunch pot roast over garlic mash was savory and on point, looking forward to experiencing the rest of the menu. By far best place I've found in Pensacola that doesn't have the Pensacola feel. Make sure to order $3 mimosas for Sunday brunch. Staff is friendly and very accommodating also not a typical Pensacola feature which is quite refreshing.
Finally!! I have been in Pensacola for the last two weeks and have eaten out a ton and not had any memorable meals but that just changed! We went on a couple's date night to Pot Roast and Pinot and had a top notch meal by any standard. My wife had the veggie pot pie and it was delicious - some traditional yet unique flavors. My buddy and I split the BLT-E which was everything you'd hope for. It included avocado and a house spicy chipotle sauce - yum! The other dish we split was the chicken and waffles - also yum! The fourth plate was the steak special and it was hands down the best dish. It was a blue cheese and bacon encrusted hangar steak with mash potatoes and asparagus. With any luck this will make the menu because it rocked! The Chardonnay Blanc our server recommended was inexpensive, from New Zealand paired well and was delicious! Alright, last but not least we split the chocolate mouse and strawberry shortcake for dessert. Holy cow! Don't skip dessert! Now you'd think after this epic experience it would have been a $300 night out - not so! The average dish was $15. (I forgot we also ordered the fried green tomatoes which were good too) Whew! Bottom line support this Pensacola place - you'll be happy:)
We had a great date night at P&P on 13 September 14.  Parking was easy,  customer service was great, the wine and beer list was vast,  and all of our food was great.  It is a very small place so I would recommend reservations and not bringing small children as it is tight quarters.  Will be back to try more of their menu.
I had the pleasure of attending a wine tasting paired with a selection of food from Africa.  The dinner was a five course delight and the wine selection was a amazing.  We started with a hand crafted mixed beverage with ginger paired with an app timer of African peas in what I can only describe as similar to a crab cake, the meal continues with ostrich,  goat and guinea fowl stew.  Too many flavors to describe but dinner was fantastic.  Thank you to Joe, Max and all the staff for putting on such a wonderful event.  Met some great new friends too!  I really love this place.
Nothing to Rave about.  Decor is trendy but still needs some work. Casual but could tend more to upscale, only if the concept was better executed. Had the pot roast and it should have been amazing, but it wasn't. German style pot roast was over cooked, but cabbage was very well done. Portions are good size. Appetizer are okay. Desserts were terrible and French press coffee tasted burnt. This place could use a lesson in pastry. For the price the ingredients did not show, and the execution did not live up to what was expected. The staff was extremely professional though. For a slow night the chef could have made this a amazing review-but I think they gave us all they had, which was mediocre.
My boyfriend and I happened upon this place by chance while staying in Pensacola Beach. We're from New Orleans, so our expectations for food are pretty high. We couldn't have been more pleased with Pot Roast & Pinot. The atmosphere is relaxed and unpretentious and the staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. Their wine list is very impressive and our waitress was more than happy to help us make a selection. I ordered the pot roast, naturally, and my boyfriend had the meatloaf. Both dishes were delicious and the presentation was beautiful. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food and wine. Our bill was under $100 for an appetizer (the butter & toast), two entrees, a bottle of wine, and a beer. We will definitely be returning next time we are in town.
Delicious food! Slow cooked, soul food. Tried the frito chili pie, never thought bagged chips could make such a dish! Very good!!Had the classic pot roast-- the meat just rolls off down the mound of potatoes and carrots. Very tender. I would highly recommend that dish if you're a new comer. Also had the chicken and waffles. The waffle batter was fluffy on the inside and had the right amount of crisp to it. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and paired great with the waffle. Also, to top my indulgence, I ordered creme brûlée it had a honey-cardamom caramelized crust to it with a side of pecan brittle. Would I go back here? Oh yes, yes indeed.
Went there today for Sunday Brunch and was quite pleased with the food and service.  I had the Belgian waffle with eggs and their house-made sausage and it was very good and good portion size. My husband had the chicken and biscuits and he thought his was very good as well. The service was very good as well with prompt greeting, order taking, food delivery, drink refills, clean up, and check settlement.  All in all, would definitely go again.
Saw the reviews and decided we needed to stop on our way out of town. The girlfriend and I shared 5 "Less Hungry" which was way too much food, but we enjoyed every bite. Recommend for everybody, yum!!!
I was visiting my boyfriend for the weekend when we decided to try Pot Roast and Pinot for our date night. We were not disappointed!  The food was excellent. The deviled egg appetizer should not be missed. The dining experience is a bit cramped, but the food and good service made up for it. Would definitely dine here again!
Awesomeness. No other words can describe their food. Everything is always heavenly. Even my picky eaters cleaned their plates. Best chef and staff in town!
We went to this restaurant as a back up plan for Valentine's dinner. To be honest, I wasn't expecting much. But as soon as we walked in the doors, I knew it was a good establishment. The staff was incredibly friendly, the maître d' was warm and inviting, and we even got to speak to the head chef and his staff. Everyone was very nice and helpful. We sat by the bar and drank wine while we watched the cooks do their thing. (Think Waffle House, but 50 times nicer!) We knew it was going to be a good meal, and we were right. All in all, we spent 3 hours at the restaurant and there never was a dull moment. The food was delicious and the wine list extensive. I will be taking my family back there soon. Can't wait.
First visit to Pot Roast & Pinot and my mind was blown! Our server, Clara, was extremely knowledgeable and picked out delicious wines for us. All we ate was the tomato stack (we were debating all day on what to eat) and it was so fresh and delicious. We will FOR SURE be back for more drinks, food, brunch, everything! Take a look at their website and read about their chef! He's a gem, if you know anything about food!
This place does brunch on Saturday AND Sunday. It's open late too! It appears the owner is a/the chef because the food is inspired. Attention to detail, unique ingredients, great staff. Truly one of the most gourmet restaurants in town, yet a very casual environment and price. I don't love the atmosphere, but it's good that it's not too upscale. That way, I can afford to eat there more frequently. My whole family loved it (except my dad. He thought the meat loaf shouldn't have even been on the menu. One, because it's meatloaf, and two, it was super dense) Also, they're usually playing really great music.
Want something different?  Then try this place. Traditional & comfort food prepared with an up scale twist. I had the buffalo chicken with blue cheese foam.  My BF and I shared the garlic lobster mashed potatoes.   How could this combo not be good!  Loved it!   The staff was courteous and professional. Great atmosphere and I love the wine bottle hanging deco!   Will definitely return for dinner!  No other place like this is Pensacola.
Delicious! I will most definitely return! Loved the atmosphere, food, service, and music too!
Amazing food with a modern diner atmosphere. All of their dishes are deliciously unique such as chicken & waffles, chicken fingers (actually frog legs), and lobster macaroni and cheese! The service was perfect and their attention to detail was great. They even put your food in a to-go box for you!  One of my favorite restaurants!
My wife and I split the pot roast with potatoes and carrots.  It was the best pot roast we can remember eating and the service was great.  Prices were very reasonable! We would recommend to anyone.
Probably the best food in Pensacola at this time.  Been there several times and to the competition, which I would limit to just a couple of other places.  It features comfort foods but each with a twist and careful attention to the flavors.  The only item I would avoid is their version of chicken and waffles, which was nothing to write home about.
If dinner was a 5, then brunch at Pot Roast and Pinot has to be a 6.  We come at least two Sundays a month for brunch and have loved everything on the menu.  From Carrot Cake Pancakes to the Tex Mex Scramble, everything is delicious.  Mimosas are $3 and by far my favorite mimosas in Pensacola.  Also, they have such friendly employees! We almost always have Keith as our waiter and he is just plain wonderful! :)
TOP NOTCH food taste and design. Positives: Detail to a plethora of flavors and a meal that makes for delicious experience. Of note: A highly developed palate will enjoy being able to dance between sweet, salty, hardy, earthy and acidic will enjoy the flavoring as almost all dishes contained most of these elements. For southern style comfort food, each plates unique twist and use of farm fresh egg products will also be delighted. Negatives: This used to be a breakfast diner that had been well on its way out of business for over a year. Of note: The refacing of the venue had an excellent start with an upscale feel but an intimate small area that brings in the feel of private dining. Especially as you can see you food being prepared should choose. The floors, entry way and cook entrance area need work. Final thought: Food offering for the dynamic palate are fantastic. Everything below the knee heigh-wise could use some work. Personally, I would have eaten it from a cardboard box it was so good.
This was my first visit to PRP.  The first time I tried to go to this spot, which most people would say is upscale casual, we walked in the door (not much of an entry way) and WABAM - there was the mayor and dozens of Pcola high rollers dressed to the 9's.  We were so not dressed for cocktail party, so we didn't stay.  So, we thought we'd give it a try for Saturday brunch.  Saturday brunch was definitely casual. I generally agree with the other comments that the price is a little big for their britches.  The portions, at least for brunch, were comparable to anywhere else in town, except maybe Flounders on the beach.  BUT still a little pricey for what it was.  And when everyone else in town is offering bottomless mimosas, etc. for brunch for $6-8, $3 for one glass of mimosa is a bit much.   I had chicken and waffles, and my husband had country fried steak.  They were both fine.  I would say that 5 Sister's has better chicken and waffles for a few dollars less.  The gravy on the country fried steak was heavenly.  He thought the country fried steak breading could've cooked a couple minutes longer, but had the batter on my chicken been cooked another second, it would've burned. Ambience.  Eh.  I see what they were trying to do there with the beautiful Edison bulbs and wine glasses, but those were hard to notice with the finer details glaring us in the face.  Specifically, the poorly edged paint job and DISGUSTING floor.  Seriously, the floor.  The crowning achievement of the ambience was when a fly dive bombed into my mimosa, and then just a few minutes later, a gnat in his mimosa.  I get it, Florida, we have critters, but really?  Way to churn the appetite down to zero.  At least the waitress did her best to make humor with it and promptly replaced both. The waitress was GREAT.  Cheers to her.  It's also fun to watch the cooks work. I would go again, but probably not often.  There are many other restaurants I'd recommend before this one.
Delicious!  Had chicken and waffles and mimosa.  Friend had the Oscar Benedict which was also good but the grits were mediocre.  Recommend for Sunday brunch!
Went last night to try pot roast and Pinot as we had seen some good reviews online. It did not disappoint. Excellent service, an extensive wine list and a delicious menu with a trendy twist on down home comfort food. They are open late (midnight Sunday-Thursday and 2am on Friday/Saturday) and definitely some of the best food you will find that late in the area. A definite gem in the growing food scene in Pensacola would recommend to anyone.
This is a wonderful and quirky place for brunch. We have eaten here three times: once for dinner,  twice for brunch. Wonderful mimosas, delicious food, good prices, great atmosphere. Love this place!
This was our first visit and we'll definitely be back. It's the perfect combination of great/high end food and a low key/relaxed atmosphere.
Based on Yelp recommendations, we had brunch there today right after my daughter and fiancé got married on the beach in Pensacola.  From the moment I called fora reservation, I knew this was a warm place, and the people there were kind and full of pride. We ordered the pot roast, bananasfoster french toast, and other sandwiches. The food was presented beautifully and was as yummy as it looked. We enjoyed Mimosa, Bellinis of the day,and beer.  I highly recommend this restaurant to all!
I had a reservation on a Friday night.  I showed up on time, and was told the overbooked and it would be 30 minutes until we got a table. So reservations on weekend nights are apparently meaningless.  I ended up leaving after about 10 minutes and went to another restaurant.  I might go back and try it again, because the food looked good, but I disappointed that my reservation wasn't honored.
I was in town for a event and decided to try this restaurants because of the reviews.  I was NOT disappointed.  The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is great. We sat at the bar and watched the chef prepare the meals.  The fresh ingredients in the food make it unique but traditional. We started off with fried green tomatoes AWESOME and then I ordered meatloaf and my partner order the chicken.  They were both fantastic.  We ordered strawberry shortcake for dessert and again make fresh.  The waiter was very helpful and suggested a nice merlot for my wine selection. If I am every in Pensacola again, I will eat here everynight, that's how good it is.  Keep me the great work.  AWESOME.
Awesome food! The waitstaff is super polite and quick to get what you need. The kitchen is open so you can watch the staff make your food from the bar (like a Waffle House, but WAY nicer). The prices are kind of high but the food is worth it (I promise). I had the open faced tuna salad sandwich which was kind of like a salad topped with tuna steak and a piece of bread at the bottom - it was awesome. My boyfriend had chicken and waffles and openly claimed the waffle was the best he's ever had. We just placed an order for the off-menu strawberry shortcake, which just came as I'm writing this...and I took a bite...IM DEAD. It's so good! The only negative thing I have to say is the lack of vegetarian options. There's a vegetarian pot pie and Mac n cheese, that's it, so I had to resort to tuna for something a bit healthier...other than that, it was amazing! Seriously a must-go!
Stopped in for lunch and found this place to be nice.  Server was friendly and from our vantage point we can see the cooks prepairing our meal.  The menu was interesting with a lot of play on word usage.  The wine menu was extensive and given to us on an ipad.  Will go again!
My new favorite place. Wow the food was great and the service was second to none. Will be back!
Went into Pot Roast and Pinot with a bad craving for meat and potatoes. Perfect right? Not so much. The place has a nice atmosphere, and maybe two other tables were filled. We were quickly greeted and sat down, and were ready to order. We asked about the pot roast and the waiter assured us it was good. He brought out some popcorn with capers which was ok- When we got out food, which was fairly quick, we were SO disappointed. As mentioned by an earlier reviewer, we agree that the carrots and potatoes were the best part of the dish. Unfortunately those were hard to find, as there were only 3 slivers of carrot and a couple of tiny potatoes. The small pot roast itself came as half fat, and drowned in the saltiest liquid I have ever tasted. Disappointed in both the waiter who recommended it, and the restaurant title which boasts this dish. Angry that I spent $18 on it. Probably will not be retuning.
Had chicken and waffles & steak and eggs. The waffle was ok, a bit dry, the chicken was well prepared, but needs seasoning in the breading. The steak and eggs where ok too. Overall a little disappointing, thought it would be really good based on the reviews but it was a solid C+ from me.
I preface this review by saying I enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant.  You are able to sit at the counter or tables and observe staff prepare your meal.  The restaurant only had one other table occupied when we arrived.   We ordered Fried Green Tomatoes with remoulade sauce and crab meat to share.   The server told us it would have 3 slices of tomato.  Price was $13.00.  Since you can observe your food preparers, I was surprised when the chef working with the remoulade was apparently not pleased. I could not tell the reason why.  Was it too thick? Not enough prepared sauce?  Another chef put the remoulade into a larger bowl and began mixing in cold milk. The appetizer arrived stacked with a tomato on top of remoulade sauce with crab meat on top of that.  The layer was repeated one time.  The temperature of the tomatoes was tepid at best.  Topped with the cold remoulade, it was not an exciting appetizer.  The crab meat appear to be fresh, but it was slightly off in flavor. Our entrees were room temperature also.  The potatoes and carrots served with the pot roast were the best part of the meal.  The roast beef was tender, but again, room temperature.  My husband had the meat loaf - room temperature.  The seasonal greens were the best part of his meal also.  We probably won't be back.
We visited last week and we both ordered one of the evenings specials, which was flank steak, a homemade sausage, and sweetbreads with grilled vegetables and a chimichurrie sauce. It was delicious and large enough that I had half for lunch the following day. We liked the atmosphere, menu, and wine list. Our waitress was delightful! Was a bit pricie,  but we will definitely be back!
Wow!  Great food, not your standard Pensacola fare. Will definitely be back to try some more of the menu.  Awesome service!
I pulled up to this place and was so confused... "where's the line at??" I visited Pensacola for the first time this week from Portland,or and I could not believe my eyes! In Pensacola it it possible to have brunch without waiting in line for an hour!!! I've had my choice of brunch all over America but I've gotta say the chef here is on point! I was so impressed by the menu here. The service was great! I ordered the green tomatoes, the portion was petite but tailored perfectly for the rich flavor of the dish, don't be fooled by its gorgeous stacked presentation there is more than enough to enjoy! If the Waitresses offer the put a touch of cheese in you scrambled eggs (amazing!) definitely accept; it sets off the flavor great! My husband ordered the chicken and waffles, unlike my dish this was a huge portion... More than enough for takeout. I can not wait to return here and try the rest of the menu.  It would be a excellent choice of restaurant for any large party willing to let the chef select an array of offerings to share family style.  Finally: the most impressive thing here was a quiet observation.  Noticeably absent from tables was condiments.  I was raised in a way that it was insulting to alter food with out tasting it first. The fact there was no salt, pepper, hot sauce etc available said it all: the food here is perfect. Don't change a thing.
Had the Scotch Eggs, expensive and tasteless.  The Chicken Fried Steak tasted good, but was very tough.  Veal should not be tough.  High prices very small servings. Not worth money. Will not be back.
Excellent brunch! We had a table for seven with everyone settling on their own choice. My Son had the talked about Waffle & Chicken-- You really need to be hungry as this is a large plate. BLT-E was great as was the different Egg Benedict selections. The Tex-Mex breakfast special was outstanding.  Yes I sampled some of these dishes---It's Father's day...all were Outstanding. Service was impeccable!
Unbelievably professional staff and a truly appreciated breath of fresh air to city folk looking for a more than suburban dining experience. Check this place out and expect great service, quality food and a wealth of vino knowledge.
Pot Roast and Pinot is definitely the spot to to be if you want to mix up your dining experience in Pensacola. Superb food-- especially for the pricing. Keith is one hell of a server. Get with it! Pot Roast and Pinot all the way.
I can't believe it has taken me so long to find this place! So good! I will definitely be coming back to try the other menu items. If the lobster deviled eggs, French onion soup, frito pie, and chicken and waffles (*drools) hadn't filled me up, I would have tried the Cuban sandwich and the French dip! Cant wait for next time!
Great place!!!
Absolutely Wonderful! Zac is one of the best waiters I've had in the area! If you don't eat here, you are truly missing out!
Excellent brunch. Highly recommend eggs Benedict with meatloaf. Tex max special was also delicious. Definitely worth checking out. Will be back certainly. Service was impeccable
Cool spot, interior really nice. Waitstaff friendly and prompt. Small portions, too expensive for what you get.  I ordered the grilled cheese (goat cheese and figs, sounded interesting).  Super small white bread and it was lukewarm at best.  Came with a few greens ( no dressing that I could tell) and flavorless rice, all small portions. My husband had the meatloaf which he said was very flavorful but again very small portions compared to price.
Fantastic brunch!  We had a guest who was in town visiting and wanted to know where we could go for a good Saturday brunch in Pensacola:  we googled using keywords "Saturday Brunch" & "Pensacola" and found this gem of a place.  Incredible selection and specials, great Blood Mary's and 321 Mimosas!  We all had the special of the "Caprese Frittata" and were not disappointed.  It had a combination of flavors that was amazing.  The outside looks somewhat unappealing, but once inside you see how they have really turned that space into a great one.  Our waitress was informative and had a good knowledge base, could really talk about their food and made us hungry with her descriptions.  My wife and I will go back for the Valentine's week special!!!
A group of us went for Sunday brunch. We were seated very quickly. Everyone at the table got something different and we tasted each others' food. Everything was excellent. I had the chicken and waffles which was spot on. And the service was also very good. When I find myself in Pensacola again I will definitely drop in for brunch. Don't forget to try the mimosas. What a gem in Pensacola.
We were greeted and seated promptly and our server arrived momentarily with a tablet showcasing their wine selection. I like that you can sort by price, type, or region but wish there were more options of wine by the glass. We had the potato tots to start and unfortunately they were underwhelming. The idea is there but they are lacking in taste. They would be much better with either more seasoning or an accompanying sauce. We also had the fried green tomatoes, and for entrees the pot roast and chicken and waffles. Both were excellent and good portions. The chicken was well seasoned, moist and flavorful. The pot roast was by far the best, with the meat being so tender and the flavor was great. We'll gladly come back, especially for the pot roast!
Great food! The burger is amazing and hard to pass up but I will try something different eventually. Pleasant atmosphere and staff. You can't leave without trying the Key Lime Pie Popsicle. It may have ruined other desserts for me.
We LOVED our meal! Our waiter, Keith, was awesome too. Very personable and not too invasive and knowledgable. The food was just dynamite. Flavors were unexpected and fun and unique for Pensacola. I have to say that I was hung up on the decor. I know that they took over a former diner, but it still looks like it inside. I think some lower lighting and swapping out all the mirrors would help a lot! The artwork was super cool too, but if it were framed/hung better it would really elevate the space. I don't care for the style of seating where you all sit in a line (too close to other diners), but luckily, we got our own high-top. I guess those are just the limitations of the space! LOVE their logo/menu design and the use of the iPad for the wine menu was really cool too. Oh and they had an 80's radio station on which also seemed kinda off. I would go for something cooler. Highly recommend! We'll be back!
