Went to Ichiban again for my girlfriend's and my three-and-a-half year anniversary. The atmosphere is great. The sushi chefs are out in the open crafting their culinary art. The booths are fun. You have to take your shoes off and stuff. We had the egg drop soup, which is broth based instead of oil based, which is the superior base, in my opinion. We also had the egg rolls, which were fresh and not too greasy. They came with sweet chili Thai sauce stuff. Delish. We had three rolls. We always, always get the Lion King roll and the Dragon roll. Those are both 10 out of 10 rolls. This time we asked our server for his recommendation on a third roll. He suggested the AJ roll, which had fresh fish, avocado, and some sweet chili sauce. Solid 9 out of 10. Another great experience. =)
Came with a party of 8 so there were LOTS of dishes that we ate. Our waitress was Shimmy and she knows my aunt and her bf so she was on top of everything. My one only complaint is that their sushi isn't rolled tight enough, but everything was absolutely delicious. Appetizers Seaweed Salad typical, had tempura flakes with it for crunch Squid Salad Tempura Salmon Salad (LOVED this one) Served with Japanese honey mayo that made you wanna scrape the plate - I pretty much mixed everything with the seaweed salad Rolls AJ Roll Fresh Salmon, tuna, daikon sprout, spicy sauce, green onion, covered with avocado, served with sweet hot chili sauce Neptune roll Cucumber wrap, no rice, no seaweed, tuna, cream cheese crab stick, fresh salmon, yellowtail, flying fish roe, daikon sprout, Japanese vinaigrette (someone else ordered this, I really liked this one since there's no rice and that's what really gets you full when eating sushi) Playboy roll Grilled steak, avocado, green onion, cream cheese spicy sauce Sunset roll Crab stick, avocado, green onion, masago topped with seared fresh salmon and seared with spicy sauce. Finished with special house sweet chili sauce (this was my personal one and I usually sub for soy wrap instead of seaweed, also I don't dip my sushi in soy sauce and wasabi so I asked for spicy ponzu sauce, it tastes more fresh) Titan roll Shrimp, crab stick, grilled steak, avocado, green onion, smelt roe, and deep fried with bread crumb. Topped with eel sauce and spicy sauce Volcano roll Shrimp tempura roll topped with special oven baked scallop mix with crab and spicy sauce We also ordered the Sashimi Plate and if you love fresh raw fish, this is it right here. Also dipped those in the spicy ponzu sauce.
Great sushi in Pensacola. There is a reason they are always busy.  Favorite rolls of mine is the Pensacola paradise roll, dragon roll, and Rainbow roll.  And you have to try their Titan roll. Prices are reasonable. If you are ordering out, I recommend getting a 'large' soup. It's enough for 3 people and is only $5.
Had a great first date here with a very sweet girl. Atmosphere is awesome. Wait staff is knowledgeable and friendly. We shared 3 rolls. The green dragon, spicy tuna, and the bonsai. My only issue with the tuna is that it was ground and mixed with the spicy mayo. I generally prefer a chunk of tuna with the sauce on top. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it's a little cold and the menu is a lot to take in.
This place is a great sushi bar. I recommend the volcano rolls. We had another roll. The name slips my mind but it has cucumber wrap with tune and crab. Really great place.
My favorite sushi place in Pensacola. The geisha roll is my favorite! Service is top notch as well as the food. I would definitely recommend this place to any sushi lover!
EVERYTHING was a delicious, the atmosphere is relaxed and our waitress was a sweetheart. We started with the Seaweed Salad and shared the Conch Nigiri, Tuna Tar-Tar, Bonsai Roll, Sweet Rose Rolls and finished off with a slice of Deep Fried Turtle Cheesecake. I would say unfortunately they were out of Plum Wine BUT the Umeshu that was recommended by our waitress was so good. There are so many options but if you are having trouble with choosing I definitely recommend the Seaweed Salad and Tuna Tar-Tar. Also the booths on the side have shoe storage for when you sit there. Relaxing environment, unique dishes and in my opinion the BEST Sushi joint in Pensacola.
This place is generally good but I have one problem. For their lunch special with the bento box they did not have rice. All the Japanese restaurants I've been serve rice with a bento box.
Being from south Florida we are spoiled when it comes to good sushi.  I was impressed when we visited Ichiban, three times while visiting.  Lobster roll was fresh and had excellent taste.  Volcano roll was vey good and the other two rolls were fresh and tasted good. I look for a busy sushi restaurant, I don't mind waiting especially when were are talking raw fish.   We were visiting the area, we got to go twice and ate at the bar once, all three times were very good.  The reason I didn't give them five stars is because we are sushi snobs, and we have had some amazing sushi through out south Florida.   The service was very good each time. Since we have decided to permanently move to the area this will with out a doubt be one of our regular spots to eat. Oh my wife highly recommends the ginger salad, says the dressing is very good.
This place is very busy in a Tuesday evening - what does that tell you!?? Miso is excellent! Sushi nigiri is choice! The variety in rolls shouldn't have any- won saying "I don't know what to eat!! ( hi pitch girl voice) Come in and check out the Tuesday sushi special! .... An have a cold Asahi fur sure dude!!!
I used to love this place. I have always rated it as my favorite sushi place in Pcola until now.. There are a few things that bothered me with this visit. The hostess was very cold and rude when seating. And as I am sitting here I am contemplating on going to wash my hands again because I wiped my hands with the hot towel that was provided to me only to watch the rude hostess from before rolling them at a nearby table while messing with her nose with her fingers and hands ugh GERMS.. The idea behind the hot towel is the have your hands clean for a meal is it not? Not to mention hot towel open up your pores. As for the food my tuna tataki(appetizer) came out with my lunch which defeats the purpose if you ask me and it was covered so much with massago that I spent most of my time trying to take it off. And my sushi roll I asked for with light sauce had none on it at all.( beware this place over sauces their rolls) also the size of my roll, while I commend them on not being stingy I cannot enjoy a piece of sushi in its entirety when one piece is the size of my palm. I couldn't get my waiter attention because now they are all folding towels, being the fact that they opened at noon I'm sure this could have been done earlier.. I think next time I might try dharma blue seeing as this place has gone downhill especially now with their sister restaurant shark fin
Definitely one of the better sushi restaurants I've tried in this area. Some coworkers & I decided to stop here for lunch the other week and I fully enjoyed my meal. My rolls didn't fall apart which has been one of the issues I've had with other restaurants. Price was about average to other sushi restaurants. I hope to go back soon.
I have been to many countries. China. Singapore. Malaysia. And many more. I have been to nearly every state and lived in California for nearly 4 years. I have eaten sushi in all of these places, and this place...surpasses them! Absolutely fantastic! I am very surprised to find this amazing sushi place in Pensacola Florida. Near Alabama! But they made it here and I am happy to say that I found this place!
The overall experience was very good- the portions are big for the prices and great value for the fresh sushi. We had the red dragon and he green dragon roll- the sushi chef made us this complimentary spicy seafood salad that was very good. When you tip the sushi bar they shout for you. Definitely must have the tempura soup- it is big enough to split and was just incredible.
Great place for sushi. Big menu with a lot of options. They put salmon in a lot of their rolls, so for us non-salmon fans, the choices are limited. Service was great, very friendly. A little pricey, but well worth it.
Look no further-- Best sushi in Pensacola. The Volcano Roll is the best I've EVER had (& that's saying a lot) the Pensacola Paradise Roll is also a must. The presentation is flawless; that being said, it sometimes takes a while to get your rolls, also depending how many chefs are working. The miso soup is also good (especially while you're waiting!) My heart broke a little when I moved to California. I still dream about those rolls. Enjoy them for me, pensacolians!
Very impressed every time we went in. This was our last dinner in Pensacola before we moved. The menu coding is a little weird, have them explain what each font means in terms of how that roll is prepared. Definitely try the Titan roll, it's ridiculously American but it's one you've got to try.
I eat sushi at least twice a week and so when we read the positive reviews we figured we had to check it out.   The Ginger salad is amazing.  We were very hungry so we ordered edamame since the restaurant was full and we thought we might have to wait for our sushi   Not the case, our delicious rolls appeared in record time.   The waiter apologized that the soup was being made from scratch which would take a little time and offered hot and sour in addition for free, we declined and waited for the miso. The miso is the light kind (I rarely see the dark miso soup these days) and was delicious.    Much better than average.   We tried a nice variety of sushi and rolls and all were excellent.   We were originally a little  apprehensive about eating sushi in this part of Fl, but after reading the reviews we gave it a try, we both agreed we would travel from Destin for this place.  It was that good.   Try it, you will not be disappointed.
Ordered takeout while staying the night in the area. Great service. Great food. The tempura was awesome and I loved that they offered so many tofu options. Great tasting food at a nice price.
Pros: - Gyudon! Gyudon! Gyudon! Could have done without the shrimp/asparagus salad on top, but otherwise it was delicious. And so much food! Definitely took home leftovers. - I cannot tell you how happy the Pensacola roll made me, but let's just say I love eel. - The boyfriend got chicken-kats and let me try. Super delicious! - Quiet atmosphere. - $8 for a thing of decent sake was pretty okay with me. Cons: - There were multiple times when I saw the waiter take food to another table, ask them if it was theirs, and after they replied no, he brought it to us. Dude? Can you not even remember where stuff is going? Do ya'll not have a system in place? What is up? Though, it wasn't very busy, so this wasn't a HUGE issue, but if a customer is noticing behavior like that without even trying, you are kind of messing it up. :| Eh: - I am totally a dumb uncultured American when I say this but: I've never been to a Japanese place that has more traditional booths! So we were kinda weirded out by them, but toward the end of the meal I think we wish we'd sat there for a more intimate experience. Front and center table? Eh, not so much. We passed at least three Asian or Japanese places on the way to this one, so while I did enjoy my experience here, I feel like I will try a few other places on my future Pensacola visits.
This place is wonderful. Excellent sushi. I am a vegetarian, no fish for me and they have a great veggie sushi plate. Decent prices for the high quality. I will definitely come back for more when I visit Pensacola in the future.
I just love this place. It's small, comfortable, and the best part is that it's open from 11am to 10pm!!! I hate how I can't get sushi at 4pm because most places aren't open. I've been here 3 times now and I haven't been disappointed with the quality of the sushi. The service can vary, but it's better than some sushi places I've been. I can't remember everything I've had, but I asked the waiter and he made several recommendations and even added some extra ingredients for free.
Not my favorite sushi place in the world but its aight for P'cola. Call me simple, but I don't feel like every roll needs to have something fried, be fried, be doused in mayo, or contain cream cheese. However, we did get the bacon roll just out of curiosity and it was surprisingly delicious! We also got the veggie tempura, which was good. The salmon nigiri was yum, but I was disappointed in the tuna nigiri because if its not cut juuuuust so, it can be chewy. We also ordered the volcano roll based on Yelp reviews but I wasn't that into it since it was drenched in some crabby-mayo mixture that was too much (I ended up scraping it off). We got the cadillac roll which was good, but so HYUGE I think my jaw popped everytime I tried to put it in my mouth! OW! One tip: If you order the seaweed salad and you're not from the south where you're used to everything being topped with some mayo mixture, ask for your seaweed salad without the mayo sauce. It made it too rich and ruined the experience for me.
By far the best sushi I have had living here in Florida. I had the sinjiku roll and philly roll with a miso soup. Their fish tastes very fresh and seems like it has great quality. I am from California so I know good sushi, this place definitely has good sushi. Although it had it's great points, one thing that disappointed me was the small waiting area, they definitely need to expand the area some how. The waiting area was full so my husband, 8 month old infant, and I had to stand outside in the cold.
Ordered takeout. Fast service, while I waited the waitress gave me a free drink and it was best green tea ever. When I got back to hotel the spicy tuna roll and eel roll was awesome. Large and fresh ingredients with plenty of ginger, soy sauce and wasabi. Great takeout experience.
Went here again with my girlfriend! Another wonderful experience. Our waiter was a little slow... don't get Michael as a waiter. But other than that, this was the best. We both had sweet teas, which is unusual for me. I'm usually a water man. But Ichiban is hit-or-miss with their tea, and they missed that night. Their tea got one star out of five. After both complaints, why am I giving Ichiban five stars? Because it's still as good as it gets in Pensacola. We both had egg drop soup as an appetizer; delicious. Then we got three rolls of sushi: A Lion King Roll, a Dragon Roll, and a Titan Roll. 1. The Lion King is her favorite. It's warm, comes in tin foil, has salmon laid atop of it, and it served with eel sauce and spicy mayo. It's awesome, but it's not on the menu, so ask your server what's in the Lion King, and you might be interested. 2. For those of you who aren't familiar with the Dragon Roll, it's got, "Soft shell crab, green onion, spicy sauce, avocado, and topped with eel," and it's my personal favorite roll. Mmmm.... 3. The Titan Roll is a massive, super-expensive roll that contains, "Shrimp, crab stick, grilled steak, avocado, green onion, smelt roe, and deep fried with bread crumb. Topped with eel sauce and spicy sauce." It was not worth the money, but it's ridiculousness was worth the experience. And, of course, we had the turtle cheesecake for dessert. Amazing. Ichiban is pricey, but that's why you only go maybe four times a year. Five stars. I will always give this place five stars.
The service is a hit or miss depending on how busy it is, but the food makes up for it. You can tell their sushi is fresh and the chefs take time into food preparation to make sure it is presentable and delicious. If you want good service, ask for Caleb!
I used to go to ichiban twice even three times a week, but now I go once every 6 months or so. I gave them two star because the prices of sushi went up so much and the rolls are very small. Almost all the rolls went up two dollars. Okay maybe the price of fish went up? Wrong! The rice bowl with meat and no fish went up also! Ichiban used to be my favorite place but now all I see is a greedy owner.
I would have to say Ichiban is the best place to get sushi in Pensacola. My favorite roll is the Titan roll! I love their fried calamari, seafood salad, and fried oysters! It's so yummy!  Ichiban = number one!  I recommend it!
Just okay.  I was visiting Pensacola and the reviews for this place were good so I thought I would give it a try for sushi.  The staff was friendly and accommodating but unfortunately the sushi was just okay.  I ordered it for carry out and upon opening it I was immediately hit with a fishy smell.  That's usually a big clue it isn't the freshest but the fish didn't taste off.  I ordered a tuna roll and the spicy tuna roll.  The plain tuna roll was alright but the pieces were cut way too large.   The spicy tuna roll was not good at all.  There was so much mayo on it that it was literally pouring out of the roll and was the only recognizable flavor.  I understand it is made with spicy mayo but there is no reason why so much should be used.
3 stars because of inconsistency... Good or bad first? Ok bad first... Most visits are pleasant, service is never great but adequate. I feel for the price you pay for the rolls, service could be a tinny bit friendlier- I dunno, a smile? The last visit gave us the crumbly rice experience, bummer, and really in a sushi place, it's unacceptable. The good- lived in Japan, seriously the place looks authentic, it's almost bizarre, totally appreciate that. The sushi is pretty good. I like that they will let you switch fresh salmon for smoked (smoked salmon is for bagels, folks). The service isn't horrible, the teas are pretty good, they have jellyfish salad which makes my husband super happy (rarity to have that salad). It's hard to say that the sushi is phenomenal, living in Asia ruins your taste buds for sure, but it is good, for Pensacola.
Excellent. I had a good feeling before our food reached the table; the place was full and lively. We waited a short time for a table (5mins.). The food was wonderful. Edamame is warm, salted, and peppered. The pepper is a new addition for me and it was lovely. The Miso soup was smokey, rich, and wonderful. We ordered 5 rolls. The Super Crunch, Spicy Tuna, Yellow Tail, California, and the Veggie Dragon. The Veg. Dragon was an awesome surprise . It was light, crunchy, and fresh. I would highly recommend it as counterpoint to any of the meat based rolls or as a main dish for those on a vegetarian diet. The other roils were very very good. Another outstanding dish was the  Tempura Veg. that came with one Bento box. It was delectable and the Bento Box proves to be on hell of a meal for a one hell of a reasonable price. The staff was timely, helpful, professional. Quite frankly I have been in need of a decent dining experience since we moved here 90 days ago. We have struck out so many times in the first few months that this is a surefire repeat place for us from now on!
Ichiban was like going on a date with a beautiful woman with no personality, I was excited and impressed at first but then discovered I had wasted my time. The interior was beautiful, sushi chefs seemed legit but the quality of food was very poor and obviously made for Florabamians that don't know any better. I suppose if I had ordered Nigiri or sashimi instead of a roll I might have enjoyed my meal but the terrible sauces and creams nearly made me gag. - Tourist sushi - Overloaded with mayo - Beautiful interior - Packed parking lot - Long wait for seating on weeknights - Seemingly legit sushi chefs, 5 on staff I'll break down the order by roll and note that if you plan on adding soy paper, you'll pay a premium at $2. This is the highest I have ever come across by $1. The Sinjuku roll ($9.50) has some crab, salmon, smelt roe, avocado, green onion, and cream cheese. It's smothered in some weird mayo cheese sauce (see photo) and if you scrape that off it tastes good (almost authentic). The Shrimp Tempura roll ($8.50 w/soy $10.50) has shrimp tempura, avocado, green onion, cream cheese, spicy sauce with eel sauce. This roll was the most familiar of the bunch and wasn't overloaded with sauce but came with a drizzle of eel sauce instead (see photo). The much raved about Volcano roll ($10.80 w/soy $12.80) came with shrimp tempura roll and was topped with an oven baked scallop mix with crab and spicy sauce. By sheer size (see photo) and reviews I thought this would be amazing but instead I gagged and nearly vomited in my own mouth. This large slather of mayonnaise and crab was the worst tasting roll I have ever attempted to eat and really surprised me. The quality of this roll alone, makes me not want to return. I was very disappointing. While the rolls were hit or miss, stay away from the volcano roll and you may have better luck than I did.
While others have pretty much hit all the high points in their review, I wanted to add my $0.02 to the mix. I could make it short and just state that hands-down, this is the best sushi restaurant in Pensacola!  That wouldn't be any fun though. You walk into a very neat restaurant that has outstanding decor and atmosphere.  It is very clean in there and perfectly lit. They gave us the option of a booth, the bar, or a table. We chose the table since we had the little one with us. A hot towel welcomed us and our drinks were in front of us in no time flat. I ordered the Dragon roll and the Hurricane roll, my wife ordered the highly acclaimed Volcano roll and Pensacola rolls. We sampled each others and we loved what we ordered, it was absolutely the best sushi her and I have had in a long time! Service was outstanding, and that is something rare in this area, so that alone was reason enough to sing praise about Ichiban.  We were checked in on a few times by the waitstaff and my glass of water never went empty. Their Sake selection is excellent, and I probably over did it a bit there! The only downside of everything is the prices are a little high, but here I think you get your money's worth and you get great service so it makes for a moot point to bring it up.   With the 4 rolls, two orders of Sake, miso soup, and ginger tea, adding in on the tip, it came out close to $100.   We didn't get the cheapest rolls, so you can get out of there paying much less if you choose wisely.
For a strip mall sushi place the food was pretty great. I enjoyed all the rolls we ordered but it was a bit pricey compared to other sushi places I've been, although not too bad. I wasn't too pleased with the way they have their sushi bar set up though. They asked if we wanted to sit at the bar and I never thought twice since I've done this many times elsewhere. But this place has the wait staff pick up in the middle of the bar. So we were jammed between the wall and the pick up station. My sister had her chair bumped multiple times and some plates dropped next to her that scared us all and she had soy sauce splashed on her because of it. We got a few apologies but nothing that made me think they cared.
This is a stand-out sushi resturant here in Pensacola, in my opinion.  They have a wide selection of sushi, and I've always felt the quality to be excellent. One particular item my wife and I ALWAYS get is the "Volcano Roll".  Look for it on the menu...it is probably one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten in my life...PERIOD! They recently abolished their "All-you-can-eat" menu, on SAT nights, (which is a shame), but I belive they still have 1$ all rolls night on TUES...which is nice. I said "no good for kids" but they recently have changed / added a kids menu, so I may be apt to change my opinion on this in the future. Overall this is 5 stars.  One of my top 3 dining out places in P'Cola.  Some of the sushi is as good as I've had on Oahu...and that's saying something! Enjoy!
Love this place, from the moment we walked in the atmosphere was nice and dark but not too dark , we really wanted to sit in one of those booths where you take your shoes off but they were full and we didn't really feel like waiting, hostess seated us and out server immediately took our drink orders. We got some sushi rolls that arrived very promptly and some soup, sushi was really good , the raw fish was nice and cold and the rice was made well. Soup was hot and good. Glad we found this spot , usually like to hit up diff sushi spots so I can find the best one but I think I will stick to this one for a while .
Good sushi in Pensacola? Yes, at least at Ichiban. Good sushi, tastes fresh, lots of different and weird rolls I have never seen before. Amazing miso soup. Eat here if, for some weird reason, you're actually in Pensacola on purpose. :)
My most favorite sushi place in town out of 2 (tokyo is the other one). Im very picky when it comes to sushi, but this place has been satisfying my sushi cravings in pensacola for a few years now. Ive been to most of the sushi places in town, this place remains #1.
We love sushi & this place was a home run for taste and portion sizes!! We ordered 2 ginger salads...not my fav..the dressing was a little off....but hot darn this cute little place redeemed itself quickly!! We ordered 5 rolls. A cucumber wrapped tuna that was perfect, huge & completely low carb! My favorite was the Hawaiian Roll...the most insane deliciousness ever!!! I agree with the positive reviews below for the Volcano roll...insane explosion in our mouths...the flavors!!! The Pensacola Roll was yummy at well and what the waiter recommended and then lastly just a Philadelphia Roll. These rolls were huge and we did not even put a dent in them! The place is cute & cute, well priced, the staff friendly.....this place is a must!
The first time I went to Ichiban, I fell IN LOOOOVE with the Volcano Roll (the Titan Roll is a must try as well). I loved it so much that when I moved to Manhattan, I travelled all the way to Queens (30-45 minutes subway ride) just to eat a good volcano roll. Miso soup + volcano roll = foodie's heaven
Star rating: Meh. I've experienced better. The fish on their sushi is competent at best.  Not very pretty and not the most tasty in both the mackerel and fresh water eel.  The biggest problem was their sushi rice was not prepared properly and was crumbling apart. California roll was pretty good for what it is. The biggest letdown was the teriyaki.  The beef was flavorless, the chicken was reduced to jerky.  The biggest crime of all: their fried rice was riddled with frozen vegetable medley -- maybe the green giant visited their kitchen?  How can that be justified for a $60 dinner?  Other places would serve hibachi style rice with egg, onion, sake, etc...  This was rice briefly fried with the green giant's finest. If I were to dine again I would try the tempura and be ready to fall back on their rolls. Nothing here was bad, but nothing was worth the money or time spent.
Food is good but service is either hit or miss.   This one time that we visited, the waitress gave my wife her food and  right as my wife was about to eat, the waitress came back talking back and forth with the sushi chef and just took my wife's food because she gave her the wrong plate.  I guess that the plate she gave was exactly same as what we ordered but with more of something.  I am not upset about making the mistake of giving us the wrong plate.  What i am upset about is that the waitress didnt even apologize to us about what had just happened.  She didnt even explained to us whats going on but rather just took the plate like it was nothing.  We were really shocked.
Five stars because of the food, service, and laid back atmosphere. I went here on a Saturday night with a party of 10. We called a few hours ahead to reserve a table, and sure enough it was ready when we arrived. The restaurant was busy, but not packed. The service was warm and inviting. From the moment we sat down we were given hot towels and within 5 minutes everyone received glasses of water. From the drink menu I noticed the imported beers were about .50 cheaper than Orlando prices. The cold sake list had about 8-10 options. I just went for Kirin.   My side of the table just ordered a variety of items to share. We got the Tuna tar tar, a 3-layer sunomono type dish, sashimi plate, Cowboy (no cc), Miami, Red Dragon, and Tony(?) roll.  There are a LOT of sushi roll options. If you are an indecisive person, just pick which protein you want and ask the server to recommend a roll. It will be so much easier that way than reading page after page of sushi roll descriptions. Also, don't be afraid to take something out of the roll. I abhor cc(cream cheese) in my rolls so the waitress was accommodating to my no cc request.   Everything we ordered was presented beautifully. It's amusing to see how a chef can transform a piece of radish to an intricate garnish. The rolls were packed tightly so that none of the pieces were falling apart when picked up with chopsticks. The fish taste was on point with every dish we ordered. From sushi roll to plain sashimi, there were no complaints whatsoever!  Even the prices were a bargain! A great example was the 24 piece sashimi platter that came out to $18.
Best sushi I've found so far from Pensacola to Panama City Beach.  I think it's also the closest to being authentic.  I love this place and definitely recommend it. There is usually a wait and the sushi usually takes a while to get after ordering, but it's worth the wait.
My husband and I met my aunt and uncle here for lunch today.  We try to meet in Pensacola because it's about halfway for both of us.  We came here on the recommendation from a friend who has lived in Pensacola.  It was great! I started with a seaweed salad.  I have never eaten a better seaweed salad.  They top theirs with spicy mayo and a little bit of salmon roe, which I had never seen before.  The salad had great flavor and I was sad when it was gone!  The rest of my party started with egg drop soup.  My husband said that the egg drop soup was the best he has had since we moved to Florida.  And sometimes he can be hard to please.  :-) My aunt had the seafood yaki soba.  She really enjoyed it, and the portion was huge! The rest of us ordered some rolls and split them.  My favorite was the Ninja Roll.  Runner up was the roll suggested to us by our server, the Sun Set Roll.  We also ordered a Crazy Roll, California Roll, and BMW Roll.  My husband got Smelt Roe Nigiri also.  My least favorite was the BMW Roll, but it was a shot in the dark since I have never had grilled chicken in my sushi.  Everything tasted great.  I would say I like it better than my favorite place in Fort Walton Beach.  My only complaint with the rolls is that they were GIANT.  They were a little difficult to eat due to their large size and because of the large size, they didn't stay together very well.  If you're not trying to impress a date or a business client, this is the place to go for sushi in Pensacola! Oh and they have tables were you can keep your shoes on.  The booths require you take your shoes off.
A little pricey, but very worth it!!! The fish is vry fresh, tender, and portions of fish is actually more than their rice, which is a def pro!!!  $18 for 25 pc sashimi and miso or salad, who can complain???  Wonderful service!
The best sushi restaurant I ever ate! The sushi was incredible! I like the pyramid, dragon roll, volcano, and also the salad!
While the food was good, it was nothing spectacular. The atmosphere was great and the service good.
It's a standard sushi place, sort of cute and cozy and hot towels.  I've been twice. My first experience was good. My sushi tasted good, services was good, and we left happy and full. The second time was much busier, and I don't think they could handle it (not uncommon for the Pensacola area).  Service was lacking and even though we sat at the sushi bar, we never once spoke with the sushi chefs (unusual, right?). My sushi was unusually warm, my husbands entree was bland.  It was expensive and we were uncomfortable most of the night. I think I would try other sushi places before going here again.
some good friends recommend this for good sushi.   they were correct!   what a nice surprise!  we had the ninja roll and the Louisiana roll.  both were great!  I would eat here again and again.   great staff and you can eat with or without shoes on (traditional)  the prices are reasonable and the the beer choice was great.   I hope this helps.
This is the place I must visit every time I go back home! If you enjoy warm, baked rolls, make sure to give the Volcano Roll a try! It melts in my mouth every time, and it never needs soy sauce or ginger. On my last visit, my husband & I discovered the Titan Roll. This bad boy is worth the money, and you will not leave hungry! If wanting a booth, be prepared to take off your shoes, and treat your sushi chefs right by tipping them! They'll give you a grand Japanese thank you. One of my top spots in Pensacola, and I go back every time.
Yay for good sushi!  Pensacola is moving up in the world!!   I am in Pensacola one weekend a month and we are always trying new restaurants.  This might be my favorite so far.  Sushi was artfully presented, tasty, and fortunately not everything on the menu was deep fried as seems to be the trend with sushi nowadays.   I'd avoid the grilled edamame.  It's just edamame covered in large peppercorns, they should be rethinking this item.  Everything else we ordered French Kiss, miso soup, Bayou Roll, Hawaiian Roll, Hurricane Roll, Uni with Quail Eggs, and octopus nigiri were all really good.   Minus 1/2 star because our waitress wasn't  knowledgeable on the menu items and her recommendations seemed more like guesses.   Minus 1/2 star because too many items had the "Krab" mix which is essentially imitation crab, sriracha and mayo.   Bottom Line:  We will definitely be back!
GREAT SUSHI, but cheesy decor.  What kind of sushi restaurant has TVs all over the place?  They have a few booths that require you to take off your shoes to sit at, which is fun, unless it's cold out and you're sitting by the front door... but that is neither here nor there. I highly recommend the Volcano Roll.  We really enjoyed our food.  Service was nothing special and it was a tad pricey, but it is worth the splurge every now and then!
I've gone here twice now, as my friends really seem to enjoy the food here. The food is good, I can't deny, but I'm not a fan of the hospitality, or lack of. The prices are moderate, about what you would expect to pay. It's a little cramped, but very nicely decorated. They offer hot towels beforehand, something a lot of Japanese places don't do for Caucasians, earns a thumbs up from me on that. The first time we went it took forever for us to get our food. It was lunch on a weekend and there were only two other tables. The place is kind of small, so three tables does fill 1/4 of their room. I was starving before I even got there, so waiting an hour after we ordered to be served did nothing but grate on my nerves. I heard this same complaint from a nearby table when we went back the second time. Our second visit was a bit different, but still disappointing. They were quite busy, and I think we got the second to last table. I was okay with the wait on food, which was much shorter that time, but I think they forgot about us and we were right in the middle of the room! Not once did we get any drink refills, we had to ask and then the waiter only brought one person a second lemonade instead of everyone. And the worst part is it seems they were like this towards everyone, it was hard to find someone to grab because as soon as they delivered the food they hid in the back only to be seen again when the check arrives. I'll eat there again, but I'm not expecting great service, just great food.
For a moment, I thought I was in Los Angeles, Vegas, or Dallas! This restaurant is seriously legitimate with seriously awesome sushi. I had to wait a little too long for my sushi, but it was worth it! Get the ichiban crab soup, the hurricane roll, dynamite roll, louisiana roll, and red dragon roll! Next on my list of items to try (other than the other sushi rolls) are the udon dishes.
Best sushi place in Pensacola. I love sushi and ichiban is definitely the best. I recommend the shogan roll is one of my favorite rolls. Plus they have I think 1.50 off each roll on Tuesday .
This place was packed for a Tuesday night.  Had edamame and ginger salad and the sashimi platter.  The salad and edamame were okay.  The sashimi cuts were huge and plentiful and presentation was very nice.  I could not finish my platter which is very rare for me.  Service was pretty good.  Waiter was very nice, but service was slow.  All in all, pretty good, and I'd like to try a roll next time.
Peaceful atmosphere, great service, lovely decorations. Various choices: table, bar, and booth. Each of the customer will be served  a hot tower before receiving the order. I have tried many sushi restaurants before and this one gives me a different feeling. I can actually get full by having some of the very first sushi rolls. I strongly recommend this place for people, who are the fans of sushi, when they come to Pensacola.
Ate here last night. I just moved from the west coast, so I only know that style of sushi.  I ordered cucumber salad , which came out as chunks of cucumber with salad dressing and sesame seeds , instead of marinated in rice wine vinegar with onion and crabmeat as I'm used to. Odd. My husband ordered salmon teriyaki, which was very dry. It did come with miso soup and salad which were good. I ordered a roll off the menu (I asked for cooked shrimp and scallop) and they up charged me. Seriously? 15 for a roll? I moved from Vegas, land of all you can eat sushi places for 15 a person.  The roll itself was decent, but the experience as a whole was lackluster and I'm disappointed because I really dig sushi. Le sigh.
Best sushi in Pensacola!
Food was good this time.  They refused to do anything about the BUM that was walking around outside.  I spent dinner worrying about the car outside getting broken into.  Cost us 60 bucks for 3 people!
My husband and I probably come here at least twice a month. We originally had a mission to try out all the sushi places in Pensacola, because there are a ton of them here. But after trying out sushi restaurant after sushi restaurant and being continuously disappointed , I think we're done being adventurous and will be sticking to this one for our sushi fix. The dragon roll is my favorite.
Delicious sushi, however there is a lack of consistency in preparation. The quality varies by chef and is sometimes rather disappointing. When on point, it is the best sushi in the area. The miso soup is also delicious and leaves me craving it until next time! But salads are drenched in dressing to the point of resembling a bowl of soup!!
My husband and  I has dinner here on a Sunday night.  It was great!   Being new to Pensacola and having read all the other reviews about Asian food places in town, I was a little worried that we were going to have a bad experience. I was ever surprised.   The service was quick and our server was very attentive and friendly.  The food was the best part - the miso is in fact amazing and they give free refills which made it that much better. I had the Volcano roll as suggested and it did not disappoint.  My husband had the shrimp tempura bento box.  He absolutely loved it and it was a ton of food - soup, shrimp tempura, veggies tempura and an entire California (or Alaska) roll for about $16.   Overall, it was a wonderful experience and we spent less than $40.  We can't wait to go back!
Not a bad place however we did have a server (a young man) who took our cash for the bill and did not return with the change. We finally asked for the change back and he acted offended. He thought he was getting a ten dollar tip on a 30 dollar check! I wish I had told management.
What's the hipe about this volcano roll? I ordered it because someone recommend it. It's delicious if you like lots of mayo and over cooked shrimp.
Cali roll and cruch roll was good tempura combination wasn't really cool atmosphere. Overall a good spot to go if you like saki and sushi ;)
Ichiban is one of our favorite sushi restaurants in Pensacola. The staff is attentive (although Horizon currently has the market cornered on that front), and the best part is that they bring you a warm towel to clean your hands with when you sit down! They are BY FAR the nicest sushi restaurant in Pensacola as far as atmosphere.
I ate at Ichiban for lunch with a co-worker the other day and was incredibly impressed!  The sushi was all very fresh, the restaurant clean.  The lighting was just right - not too bright, not too dim.  I had the sushi plate - a decent assortment of nigiri and a tuna or california roll plus soup or salad for the same price as a salad or entree at one of the nearby chain restaurants.  My co-worker got the bento box, which I sampled.  The egg rolls are great!  Highly recommended!
Everything about this experience was great! My server, Christine (aka. Chrissy), was the best. I had the tuna tar tar an the samurai sashimi platter. The platter comes with 12 pcs for $11...do the math...and I could choose my own pieces! Hot sake was actually hot and green tea was spot on. They even have booths where you have remove your shoes to sit there (yes, I did! How cool is that!) When I return to Pensacola, this place will be on my list for dinner!
Very quiet and romantic.  Very large sushi menu.  Sushi was fresh.  I have been twice and both times sat  at the sushi bar, the chef's have a great sense of humor.
Our favorite sushi place in Pcola. We are regulars here. We are originally from California and are sushi snobs. This place makes us miss Cali a little less. Love their seared Toro app but order it not seared. Searing a thin slice of Toro almost makes it cooked tuna so order it raw. Also love the tuna tartar. Our kids also love this place. They eat about 3 spicy tuna hand rolls a piece, even our 4 year old.
another disappointing experience here! how do you mess up vegetable tempura?? why would you cut the vegetables inconsistently? the sweet potatoes were in wedges and in a string potato form?  and then they burnt the tempura batter!!  don't serve food that doesn't even look good.... it should be embarrassing! atmosphere and service was fine here at least.  there are very few decent restaurants in the Pensacola area in general, so i'd rate this place at least edible.
Best playboy rolls in town
First impressions are VERY important. That is why I will be returning in the near future. This is a small, cafe style restaurant. Atmosphere was decent, but somewhat tacky. Food Quality was excellent, but what probably knocked off two stars was the service. The waiteress was very negligent of us, and only came to our table to deliver food.
Very good sushi. The service is pretty good. Beware that on busy nights your sushi can take a while. So don't go there in a hurry. The entrees on the menu are all right. I would just go there for the sushi. Highly recommend it!
Though I gave it 5 stars, this place is my 2nd favorite sushi joint in Pensacola...sorry but Horizen just edges them out!  I will say they have the BEST volcano roll in the country...I travel everywhere and it's never been nearly as good as Ichiban.  They are usually pretty busy but it's never been a wait to get a decent table.  Decent service and a great selection of non-sushi items are also found at this great restaurant.  They are packed at lunch so it's wise to have an earlier or later lunch than the usual crowd.  This is also a great date place...I've taken a few there in the past and it's always been a great dining experience.
Great sushi, and I am a sushi snob.  The service can be horrible or perfect depending on who you get.  I just have to laugh at the cheesy early 80's love songs that are always on, but that's part of the fun!  The Red Dragon roll is my favorite, and if you are a fan of spicy mayonnaise then the Volcano Roll is very good.  Their Miso soup is excellent, seaweed salad is fresh and crunchy,  and if you go at lunch, the Bento box is a great deal.  It says "no substitutions" on the California roll but I do it every time for just the charge of the difference.  Overall, my favorite place for sushi in town!
Best suchi on town! Little to expensive very clean
Ichiban is the best sushi restaurant I've ever been to. Some of my friends introduced it to me while I was going to school in Pensacola--I'm originally from the Bay Area in California, so it's kind of funny that the best sushi I've had is from Florida. But not only is the sushi good, but so is the restaurant itself--service is good, restaurant is clean, and the prices are reasonable. If you haven't been, you should definitely stop by. I think there's even a discount on Tuesday nights. (not sure if they're still doing that)
My number one spot for sushi! Just wish it was a closer drive for me (I live on Perdido key) But the chef's special sashimi platter hasn't let me down yet. Just thinking about this place makes my mouth water!
Sushi quality can vary with the chef, but overall love this place for the sushi and atmosphere.  When I first started eating here, I was still eating seafood.  Now I am vegetarian & order the veggie sushi plate...delicious.  Note, this is not a place to get tempura (not the best tempura--batter is too thick) nor udon noodles (not flavorful--a disappointment)--do not recommend.  The miso soup is such comfort food here! The waiters/waitresses are also very attentive--high standard of service here. Love the booths where you take off your shoes & relax in a peaceful atmosphere.
As I'm typing this, my husband is in the bathroom forcing himself to throw up because he feels so gross. Have you all gone insane or have you just never eaten decent sushi in your lives? We are only in Pensacola for a few months and are having a difficult time finding decent sushi. Maybe it's because we're from California and have an abundance of good restaurants, or maybe it's because we don't like drowning our food in mayo. Maybe it's because I grew up with a sushi obsessed father and I have some standards when it comes to raw fish and even the trendy rolls. I have no idea, but this was the nastiest sh*t I've ever eaten. I read many of the reviews on here before deciding to check it out. The good seemed to outweigh the bad and we were desperate for some sushi, even if only in roll form. Usually you can't really mess up a roll that badly, so we were ok just going for rolls since our last sushi experience in Pensacola yielded terrible sashimi. We decided to order the Volcano Roll since everyone on here is freaking out about it. Let me put it this way, as my husband is puking from the bathroom he just yelled "Holy crap that's so much mayo! It's so gross it's cool and it kind of makes me want to throw up some more!" It came out looking like some dead sea creature washed on shore. Buried underneath the "special oven baked scallop mix with crab and spicy sauce" was the grossest tasting roll I've ever eaten. I don't know what the hell was in it but I can't get the taste out of my mouth. The only saving grace to that was the coffee flavored candy we got with the check. I would also like to note that the volcano roll came out cold. Including the tempura shrimp inside. This is such a no-no! That stuff should be fried per order. It and the spider roll we ordered were both clearly fried earlier in the day. They were cold and had that stale french fry taste to them. I noticed another table next to us also ordered the Volcano Roll but theirs had steam coming off of it. Did we get an old batch? Even so, I don't know how warm mayo would have improved the taste. We also ordered a Rainbow Roll that was meh. Fish was dry. The ONLY reason they got 2 stars is for ambience and the miso soup which was quite delicious. And the previously mentioned coffee flavored candy. The waitress was nice enough. Cute little old lady, but nothing above and beyond or even just standard service. My husband now announced to me "I feel so much better after vomiting, I'll have to remember that." So maybe I should take one star away for turning him on to anorexia.
sushi was delicious. Service a bit on the slow side.
Very fresh. The egg rolls are tasty as well as the miso soup. The chef's choice sashimi has a wide variety of fish (and includes octopus) and the staff is very friendly. We have a good time when we are there. I only wish I could get a sashimi plate of just salmon. That's my favorite, but I've only been to a few places that offer that.
Best sushi in Pensacola.
They are lucky their sushi is so delicious because their service can be ridiculous. They once waited 15 minutes to greet my friends and I and they weren't even busy. They were just standing at the host stand and then they argued over who was going to take our table. The sushi is beautiful though and the lava sauce is addicting!
Also so good. Always eat too much. ekkkk
An excellent experience. The setting was clean, quaint, and well designed considering the strip mall location. The service was absolute tops - my waiter was extremely attentive and friendly. And the food was outstanding - I highly recommend the seaweed salad and "Rock n Roll" roll (salmon/avocado roll topped w/spicy-sweet sauce and eel). The tab was under $13 (I drank water). I give it 4.5 stars only because I haven't had the perfect meal (yet).
3.5 stars would be a bit more accurate for me.So far I haven't been disappointed with the sashimi here. I've gone three times and each time I've been pretty satisfied. I'm a big sashimi and nigiri fan and that's all I ever order, so I can't comment on the rolls. But I can say the sashimi cuts have always been very fresh and thick. My only real complaints are that they put a bit too much wasabi in the wasabi tobiko, and also they sometimes put orange or lemon slices on the plate with the fish. In Japan they do a good job of putting the perfect amount of wasabi in their nigiri to complement the flavor while not totally destroying your sinuses in the process. In addition, I find that the orange or lemon juice gets onto the sashimi and detracts from it's natural good flavor. The latter will just be something I will have to request them not do in the future. Either way, unless I can find a better sushi place I will continue to eat at Ichiban.
Good Sushi and a good atmosphere.
awesome sushi. location is OK, but food is awesome!
This place just isn't good.  If you want good sushi, try Yamato or Tokyo.
Nothing spectacular.  Just decent sushi.  Nice atmosphere.
