The Leisure Club isn't even on our radar anymore. Bodacious Brew does everything better--especially their customer service. The coffee is good and the espresso drinks are better. They leave you craving more. Even our 5 year old asks to go here for a (decaf) cappuccino. I prefer the cappuccino since I don't care for a lot of milk. My husband loves their latte. When I'm feeling crazy I'll get mine with vanilla.
Not bad, but not my favorite: very solid 3.5/5 for my drink. This is a cute little coffee shop in downtown Pensacola and definitely has a great coffee shop vibe. I'm something of a coffee snob and always order a dry soy cappuccino as my test drink. Why? If you order a "complicated" drink and it is made to your liking, chances are the simpler drinks will faire well too. Makes sense, right? I order cappuccinos because they have less milk and more foam -- it goes along the lines of I like milk in my coffee, not coffee in my milk. The foam was nice. It had fine, frothy bubbles, if I we're super nit-picky, I'd say they could be finer, but foam isn't a big deal for me, so I was fine with it. The milk was good. It was hot, but not burnt, which is nice because I feel like soy gets burnt easier than regular cows milk. A little much for a "dry" cap, but not too much to where I couldn't taste the shots; which wasn't a big deal for me either. The shot though, I wasn't a big fan of. It tasted like it was either dead or just a bad pull. Which for me, makes the drink. When the shots hit the foam they kind of dry on it and you can taste the pulled shot, mine was really sour, which isn't a really pleasant taste. I mean, everything else was alright, and maybe the barista who made my drink was being careless or felt rushed, but I did think that the shot could've been better. Other things I thought were cool though, we're the different methods you could get your coffee. Pour-over is my favorite brew system, so I appreciated that they had that available. I also like that they have cold brew coffee (toddy), but I haven't tried it yet. I'll still drop in to see if the shots improve, but until then, this place is still so-so. Not bad, not amazing, but definitely not terrible. Good potential! I'll be back!
I only went for coffee (and had an underwhelming Angelino after they told me they were out of filters for the syphon) and a croissant, but this places appears to be setting itself up as a rival to The Leisure Club, as a coffee heavy cafe. The barista was friendly and seemed knowledgable, but I didn't really like the set up for sitting down, it felt very cramped. It's a good location, good service, and I would probably run in for a coffee but if I wanted to linger over a latte or eat lunch, I'd go elsewhere.
Good coffee but they dont have any special drinks like pumpkin spice latte, peppermint mocha, frappes etc. I had a cup of vanilla latte and it was good but not impressive. I didnt taste any vanilla at all. And a bit overpriced...
This is my go to coffee shop in pensacola. The coffee is great; breakfasts also very good. Gets a little crowded on the weekends but they have a decent amount of tables outside too. Just a really little place; my only complaint of was when I stepped out to use the restroom there was a female patron apparently flirting with my partner lol...certainly can't blame the coffee house for that one!
They serve handsome coffee roasters out of LA with v60, chemex, siphon, french press, or espresso. Only reason they don't get 5 stars is purely due to the fact that I think handsome coffee roasters is way over rated.
To date the absolute best vanilla latte I have had. I was wishing I had tried their toddy brew for iced coffee (it's how I brew at home) The employees look sharp, are fast and efficient and take care in their art. I was suprised to find that the barista took care with putting a design in the foam of both lattes even though they would just be covered in the togo cups. I wish they had locations here in Tampa, FL
Stopped by for the last two mornings while running errands. Please stop by and enjoy every neuance this little place offers. Plenty of seats in and out side the establishment. They serve light food, teas and coffee. And from what I hear, great desserts too. I had a vanilla Latte everyday, worth the drive to Palifox.
Very good coffee shop. I have tried the mocha, americano, and cappuccino and they were all equally good. Coffee ground on the spot, clean place, and kind baristas all make this place worth a visit.
From Bodacious Olive to Bodacious Brew, soon it will be Bodacious Block. If you want a successful business, just have the owners of these two businesses put there name in front of it. But, by and large the reason that this business is so successful is the quality and consistency of the work that is applied. These Barista's are vetted professionals and artists in their own right. Not only do they make an artistic cup of coffee, they make a great couple coffee. It's a great place to people watch. I only have high hopes for the bodacious brew.
I really like the convenience of Bodacious Brew to where I work downtown. Their food is very good quality and tastes great, and their staff is very knowledgeable about what they serve. The downside is that portions are always different every time I order food. I've probably ordered their Bodacious Grits a dozen times, and each time, they are served in a different size container; when I've ordered toast, sometimes I get one piece that is tiny and sometimes I get two very large pieces. Coffee prices could be a little more reasonable.
Great lil java & nosh spot downtown.  Awesome roasts & iced coffee! I'm in!
Cute little spot, only got their gelato, which was very good and creamy that I should've gotten two scoops instead of one. It's a small space so it was a little crowded and confusing Saturday morning, we didn't know where to place our order but the service was fast and efficient. I'll probably be back for more gelato as I don't drink coffee, but if you do, its great for sipping brew outside and people watching on Palafox St.
I'm just coming through Pensacola for the first time and found this place and I love it. The interior is adorable and the staff was so friendly. I had a delicious vanilla latte and the guy put a little heart design on it. Adorable. And it's not just pretty, you can tell these people are serious about their craft. No blended stuff or crazy ridiculous flavors. Just great quality coffee. And amazing gelato!! (Coconut chocolate was a spectacular choice) highly recommended!!
I've had better coffee in bigger cities but this is the best coffee in Pensacola. This morning I ordered the 16 ounce bold pour over and it was very good. This is about my 10th visit to Bodacious Brew and I have never been disappointed. The staff is always friendly and the store is always clean and inviting.
They made a pretty decent Cuban cortado. The atmosphere is great and they open at 7am, which is a plus for a downtown coffee shop in Pensacola. Their tea selection and service is really nice as well.
What a gem of a coffee place in downtown Pensacola! Awesome customer service, awesome baristas and awesome atmosphere. Coffee is awesome and the food was great too!
Definitely a good espresso program. The decaffeinated shot I had was light, but very savory. My barista, Filipe, was very helpful and informative. The chocolate biscotti was very dense (almost like a brownie).
Beautiful interior and well trained staff of baristas. Coffee is terrific and the gelato is a real treat.
