Nice Target. Clean, friendly and a great location
I like Target stores in general, and I've always found them to be pretty consistent. So what does it take to get a less favorable opinion? Well, for one thing, a mess. And by "A" mess, I don't just mean 1, but many, all over the store. Items had fallen off the shelves and onto the floor in several areas. The candy aisle had broken bags and small pieces of hard candy on the floor (don't trip!). The grocery aisles had produce and trash on the floor. There were crumpled paper towels all over the men's room floor. Get out some brooms and sweep more often!
Can not believe that male and female dressing rooms are joined! What? Are you kidding? My young daughters will now be getting dressed/changed in same space as men! Very dumb decision Target..
Like every other Target I've been in, nothing special or out of the ordinary. They were running pretty low on rugs which was a downer, they didn't carry a lot. Clearance items spread within normal priced items. Staff was pretty friendly. Clean. Starbucks within.
I will upgrade this Target from the usual enmired three-star ratings of other Targets locally for a few reasons: (1) Starbucks at the entrance. Caffeine = speedier shopping. (2) Full-sized, with full-stock. The 2/3 sized Targets never seem to have what I want. (3) Somewhat more open layout and easier to navigate. This is probably just the bigger building and having multiple entrance doorways, but it works. Downgrade: the ever-atrocious parking and traffic situations at the Northway strip mall. Egads this is the worst traffic planning. You could make a little story about awful traffic engineering in commercial developments, with the Northway mall making one cover and the TJ's down Wolf Rd. making the other cover.
Ahhh, Target! The discount store that I don't feel guilty going to. A lot of times, stores can remind me of the Tardis: youtube.com/watch?v=WxB1… Well, in this case, it was sort of the opposite. This sprawling building reminded me immediately of the Costco in Idiocracy...however, it wasn't quite as big on the inside. All of that aside, though, they had everything I expected a solid Target to have. Clothes. Nonperishables. Furniture. Dorm shiz. I was able to stock up on dirt-cheap pillows, hangers, and storage boxes. Although, I was sad to see that they were yet another store that did not carry the elusive flip-chair. In that vein, if you need it, it looked like they had several kinds of futons in stock. I'm sure I'll be back soon, because there's only so much Wal-Mart you can handle before you really want something different....
I've always liked this Target, and I think I like it even more since they rearranged and upgraded the store.  While it has taken me a little while to get my bearings again, it's all well-labeled and laid out in a way that mostly makes sense. What I particularly like about Target is that they carry the things that I want and need.  The Method brand of cleaners is fantastic and my cleaner of choice for all things, but I can't find it very many places - at least not the variety that Target offers. I like the way they've upgraded.  While their food selection isn't local or (largely) organic, it's decent quality (for what it is).  It's fresh (discounting transport time) and appealing.  The prices are on par with the other supermarkets in the area and the Target-exclusive brands have decent offerings.  It's really nice to run in to grab a couple of things and be able to pick up a car-friendly, quick and healthy snack for myself or anyone else I might be shopping with (even my 16 month old nephew). Fundamentally, it is what it is.  It's a cheap department store that is well-stocked, kept clean, and easily accessible.  I don't need or want it to be anything more.
For me Target is all about baby stuff. Well, not all about baby stuff, but it's the baby stuff that brings me in.  I once went to Target (not this Target) to get some diapers and I came out with the diapers and a PSP.   One of my thrifty parent friends turned me on to the Target store brand of diapers.  They are cheaper than the mass brands, and are no better or worse at leaking.   The problem is that this Target never had a consistent supply of their own brand of diapers in all sizes, specifically in the large value packs.  Meh.  Given that this is my closest Target, their failure in this department actually led me to switch to a national brand of diapers.   Also I once bought a loaf of bread at this store that was completely moldy on the inside.  Gross. It's Target, so I love it and I go.  Most of the birthday presents I buy come from Target.  Pretty much we did all our Chanukah shopping here.  Target is a great store, but this isn't such a great location. (Oh, and Target stores elsewhere have a wine aisle... we are totally missing out)
If I remembered to check in every time I went, you all would realize what an unhealthy addiction I have to Target stores in general. This location in particular has always been clean, even during their recent renovations. Now that renovations are complete to include more groceries and a Starbucks (!!), I'm even happier to visit this store. My only complaint is the parking, and it's a minimal complaint at that. Because of it's location, this store is often very busy and the parking lot (which is shared with Jo-Ann Fabrics and others) can become pretty full in the evenings and on weekend. Thankfully, I'm usually able to avoid these peak times. During warmer months it isn't TOO terrible, but in the winter, I wish they would push the snow piles further than they do.
This is basically a chick shopping place so I'm writing this review from the perspective of a male being dragged around.  I've been to this Target location about 20 times and that's not an exaggeration - probably more.  And not once was it my idea to come here.  Yes, that makes me a good guy doesn't it?  But that's not the point of this review... The place is very clean and the carts are nice and new.  Make sure to pick up a Star Bucks on your way in as it helps move things along and something to keep in your hands and looking more natural walking around.  I recommend an ice coffee since you'll be inside and you're probably wearing a coat the whole time. If you're a guy you'll like the eye candy at this Target.  It seems like all the hot 30-50 women shop here for whatever reason.  I can only guess they like that it's clean and the Walmart people don't come here because everything costs 2 cents more.  I get the same 30-50 hotties feeling at Bed, Bath and Beyond, but this place is bigger so you won't be spotted so easily scoping out the cuties to pass the time.  I know this sounds horrible, but any honest guy will tell you that's the main benefit of shopping with your girl -- people watching, and of course eating out afterwards.  Love eating out after several hours of shopping, it's the reward. The checkout girls are friendly and I've never had a problem getting directions from staff.  Also, for some reason I feel icky buying any meat or produce from Target.  They also have an excellent selection of Health and Beauty products.   One of the few things I enjoy shopping for at this Target.  Right after I get my Star Bucks I usually head over to the H&B section and sample a little hand moisturizer.  I hate dry hands and it's fun to try different products.
It is a generic target with a large food section, the best thing going for it is it is not a Wal-Mart.   Not as clean as other Targets, the men's bathrooms can have significant issues, I have not seen the woman's but since all sit there I hope it is better than what I have seen.  If you stay out of the bathroom, your day will be better.
This Target is usually well-stocked, and the store people are helpful. You can hit the clearance sections in the back of the rows. Sometimes you might find a cheap bag of candy! (not that I make a bee line for the candy or anything...)
Except for the three-foot long, double track fecal smear on the mens' room wall, it was like any other Target.
Pretty good for a Target except for the fact that the cart escalator keeps breaking down. Other than that...pretty good selection and pretty organized.
One of the things I needed was liquid hand soap.  I couldn't find it so I asked an employee who was in the section.  He didn't know off the top of his head and basically went on a walk with me to find it.  Two aisles over we ran into another employee.  The first employee asked the second employee where the hand soap is.  The second employee turned to me and says "oh like the big bottles of liquid anti-bacterial soap?"   I confirmed but he looks a little puzzled.  He's wasn't sure either.   I walk away and eventually find it on my own.   Twenty minutes later I see the second employee again on a walkie talkie delegating tasks to staff.... Omg he's a supervisor of some sort and he doesn't know the location of a very common item?!  Service FAIL.
It is Target so there would need to be something grossly wrong for it to get less than 3 stars.  I just happen to not like the layout of the store and the parking lot is always a near blood bath particularly around Christmas time (plan an extra hour into your trip to get the heck into and out of the parking lot).
This is how I would describe Target to a foreigner: It's pretty much exactly the same thing as Wal-Mart, but cleaner and more colorful. Target is where I buy all my shit. One week I got a garbage can, bedsheets, file folders, track pants, three month old Holiday Spice Pepsi, and a cooler. Target is the shit.
