Blacked mahi mahi was done perfectly. The black beans and rice were flavorful. I'm not a hush puppy fan but they were actually really good and I ate them. Wait staff were very attentive and friendly. Food came out timely and hot.
Ordered the mahi mahi lunch, blackened, with turnip greens. Very moist, prepared perfectly. Great hushpuppies, tender, not the rocks that most places serve. The greens were bursting with greeny, salty, southern goodness. Everything is fresh, no frozen fish. Companion ordered the catfish dinner. Excellent, moist, flavorful. Sour cream pound cake - mmmmmm. Service was efficient and very friendly. Interior is very nice. Think I'll have lunch here again tomorrow. Came back the next day LOL. Chowder: creamy, a touch picante, slight crunch from fresh green onions, chunks of fresh shrimp and crab, seasoned beautifully. Grouper sandwich: buttery and well seasoned. I really like the staff here, cheerful, funny, helpful. Our waitress told us the chowder would change our lives. Great way to engage customers.
Pleasantly surprised after seeing it tucked away in a strip mall. Incredibly clean and comfortable. Great food and the service was just exceptional. Happy we stopped here for a late lunch!
Got the seafood sampler- mullet, oysters, shrimp, cheesegrits, hushpuppies and salad. The oysters were fried perfectly and the batter is tasty. The interior of the place is nice and not reflective of the exterior surroundings. All the food tasted fresh, the shrimp was large. The cheesegrits were better than what i usually find around town. Ill definately go back.
went here for lunch today. blackened mahi mahi fish tacos were delicious as were the fish poppers but service sucked. waiter was nice enough but took a good 10 or 15 minutes to realize my drink was empty. then it was empty again and he offered us dessert and our check...no refill. we opted for a brownie. he brought us the check, charged us for the brownie, but never brought it and never came back for the check (or the refill). we ended up going to the take out counter to pay and get our mediocre brownie(with coconut...bleh) took a solid hour to get lunch. not the greatest place to go if you're on a lunch break, even if you work right around the corner. go when you don't have to worry about time. the food was great (except that damn brownie) and the interior was much nicer than I expected. not formal, just nice and clean. wish there were lunch specials
Amazing fish, great sides and wonderful service. We thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.
Don't judge this restaurant by the outside. The interior is nothing what I expected when I pulled up. The Inside is clean, decorated well, and well lit. First I had the shrimp and corn chowder. Which was delicious!  I opted to add the sherry to it....great addition.  For my entrée I had the fried jumbo shrimp with cheese grits.   The shrimp were large and well fried. My wife had the fried grouper sandwich served with turnip greens and cheese grits. There was cheese on the sandwich....no need!!  The sides and sandwich were all great!   The waitstaff were attentive and friendly.  It was busy during lunch. A great find!!
If you're looking to get your seafood on in Pensacola proper, The Fishing Hole is the place. Atmosphere First, remember how your 3rd grade reading teacher warned you not to judge a book by its cover? Better yet, remember when Dorothy emerged from her tornado-tattered home to a world of color? Well, keep that in mind when you pull into the half-unoccupied strip mall that houses this place. ~ As you walk into the door, you'll expect to see a tight, unappealing place. After all, such a venue would be very fitting in this locale. But what you'll find is a hidden jewel - burgundy hued walls and nice leather-adorned wood seating. Even the drinkware is heavy glass. The lighting is mostly natural and perfect. Service Our family of four was promptly seated as we arrived around 11:45 on a Monday morning (actually, the polite hostess told us to sit wherever we like). Our server, Chris, came to the table almost immediately to find out from us that we were first-timers who'd traveled hundreds of miles (from Texas) for a week of beaches, baseball and seafood. He expertly described everything that we inquired about, including the mahi-mahi tacos that everyone raves about online. I didn't help matters when I told my wife that mahi-mahi is a dolphin (she does not like heavy meaty fish) but Chris came to the rescue and convinced her to try it. Kudos to Chris! The food My wife and I started the meal with Shrimp & Crab Chowder. Wow. The cream-based broth was good enough on its own, with a hint of spicy warmth. Throw in a healthy amount of crabmeat, shrimp and potatoes and... Just wow. Order it. At least once. I'm sort of a fish sandwich snob, so I went for the mullet sandwich (fried). Why is this torpedo-shaped fish so disrespected? It's light in flavor and firm in consistency; yet it has a certain silkiness very similar to red snapper. The fillets were served on a typical sesame seed bun with cold crispy Romaine lettuce, a tomato slice, a few red onion slices, American cheese and basic tartar sauce. It is what it is: a classic American fish sandwich. And I would eat one at least once a week if I lived here. My daughter went for the gumbo and an order of fish poppers. I'm not a gumbo afficionado. In fact, I make my own version of it at home and it's very much a Louisiana style. The Fishing Hole's version is somewhat similar - chock full o' shrimp and vegetables, but the base seems to count on Worcestershire for its flavor. It's good nonetheless. The fish poppers are divine. Just think of them as a croquet on Asian steroids. These little morsels are crisp-fried and yield a melting interior of fish, ginger and something quite spicy. It's a low blow to the dish that they serve it with ranch dressing - like putting ketchup on a prime grade steak. How about a lime aioli? It would not only cool the sear, but compliment the Thai-like flavor. Just a suggestion. Finally, the mahi mahi tacos... Despite Chris' best efforts to make my wife feel comfortable about ordering them, I believe she was a little apprehensive. All it took was one bite for her to become a believer. The flaky and well seasoned fish was probably some of the best blackened seafood I've had (yes, I tasted my wife's taco). It was tucked inside a flour tortilla and garnished with lettuce, pico de gallo and a few squirts of sour cream(?).  These are not the Baja-style fish tacos that are available on every street corner in northeast Texas. But they are just as good.
Great food but only one restroom for everyone that will hurt the business. The food is great very seasoned well nice corner location
What a terrific off the beaten path find! A whole blackened flounder, catfish fillets, wonderful salads and flavorful greens and slaw. With a glad of wine for two at $46 for dinner! Are you kidding? No. Wines are limited but who cares. Check it out!
What a great, off the beaten path find in Pensacola. Don't judge the book by its cover...it looks like a tiny space at the end of a strip mall. We walked in to a spacious, beautifully decorated dining area. The food was amazing, the ambience great, and the service spectacular. We'll definitely be back!
Great food and great service! Try the Fish Poppers, almost like hash brown but it made out of mixed fishes. Crab chowder is also delicious. We split the whole flounder that was just enough for both of us.
Great food and service, I has the talipia and black beans and rice. My wife had shrimp chowder soup and my son had chicken sandwich.  It was all very good and we are very picky!
The food was very good.  They need improvements in other aspects like staff knowledge of the food, speed, and expediting. We went at lunch time and the restaurant was pretty full. We were greeted promptly upon walking in and the waitress met us as soon as we were seated. She started by telling us the specials which were Wahoo and Amberjack.  I've never had either type fish so I asked if she could describe them. She could not. She said she only knew they were the specials for the day and not on the menu. We knew we wanted to try the chowder and the mahi tacos based on reviews we had read, but we were trying to decide on the side with the tacos.  The waitress interrupted us asking if we minded if she picked up an order while we thought about it.  While she was gone, a regular patron at the table beside us recommended the amberjack and I proceeded to google the two types of fish on my phone to decide if I wanted to try it. We ordered the recommended special and the mahi sandwich. We were both pleased with the food.  Their presentation leaves much to be desired.  Though we dined in, our beverages were served in 32 ounce styrofoam cups.  The taco's  were served with tortilla chips and salsa.  The salsa tasted very much like Pace picante sauce and was in a plastic to-go cup complete with lid.  Mahi tacos were delicious, but messy. We waited what I thought was excessively for our food.  We heard what appeared to be the manager apologize many times both in person and over the phone to dissatisfied customers whose order was incorrect or never came at all. Some people were obviously there for a lunch break from work and had used their entire break time waiting and left without getting any food.  Also, while we waited, one waitress asked our waitress if the meat on the salad she was about to serve was mahi or chicken. Neither were completely sure, but our waitress knew it was not chicken.  I was glad because even I could tell it wasn't chicken! My husband's fish sandwich was great, though he removed the square of cheese that he said wasn't necessary.  My special was also very tasty.  I had a side of cheese grits which was very soupy and required a spoon; it had a good flavor though and actually was great as a dip with the tortilla chips.  They should offer this as an appetizer: cheesy grits and chips! Overall, the food was very good, but the dining experience was seriously lacking and definitely not worthy of their prices. Too bad. With better server training, tweaking their presentation and perhaps a POS computer they would be better organized.
Great food, comfortable facility. My wife and I shared the seafood basket; it was served on a nice platter rather than a basket. All of the selections were very good, especially the hush puppies. We will be back!
Hummmmm....I wanted to like this place. We need good seafood restaurants in Pcola. Well, we got the ceasar shrimp salad, a grouper sandwich and the app of "fish bites"...Lets start with the fish bites. I guess they use fish that is just about to spoil or some kind of frozen fish to make there. The description on the menu made them sound awesome...Spices, etc...They were SO FISHY I couldn't even eat them. Tip to the lady owner, USE FRESH FISH TO MAKE THESE...Especially for what you are charging. The grouper sand I had blackened and it was SALTY. My girl had the shrimp ceasar salad and it was big (LOTS OF LETTUCE), not much shrimp and NO DRESSING? The dressings on the SIDE I GUESS? $35 for a sub par dinner. I did get it to go so maybe that was the problem. Will give them one more try.
Diamond in the rough is the best way to describe this place. The window seats are not the best place to sit. Once inside you will see a very nice and clean semi-upscale restaurant. I had the fish tacos and my wife had a shrimp sandwich. Both of us agreed that the food was awesome. My son ordered the fried fish with fries from the kids menu and didn't leave a crumb behind. We will be back again. Just park your car (lock it) put your blinders on and walk inside. You will not be disappointed.
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place because the reviews we're great and we weren't disappointed. I had the mullet with cheese grits and hush puppies. It's too bad the grits we're the highlight of my meal but they we're absolutely delicious!  The mullet was fried and really tasted pretty bland. The crab and corn chowder was yummy and had great flavor. I love that it was served in a coffee mug type dish but it was a little on the running side. My boyfriends mahi mahi tacos we're awesome and had great flavor. I made the mistake of asking the waitress for directions and was stuck listening to a step by step 30 minute full map of Pensacola but she was friendly enough. Overall I would return and suggest this place to friends and family.
The grouper sandwich was outstanding. Hush puppies and cheese grits were great. My boyfriend ordered the mullet dinner and was disappointed with the portion size. Service was a bit on the slow side. I will definitely come back to this place, but not to order the mullet.
Had the fish tacos which were good but didn't like the mullet, should have gone with the catfish.  Place is very clean, staff is helpful.
We gave this place a try for lunch on a Saturday, as we have been looking for a new seafood restaraunt to give a try. This is a small place in an out property at the old strip mall at the corner of Palafox and Brent Lane. It has recently expanded to the suite next door, so there seems to be plenty of room now. The place was about half full, and making conversation with the adjacent tables, everyone seemed to be happy with their food. We order the seafood gumbo and the grilled amberjack. Both were excellent. Grilled seafood can sometimes be overcooked and dryed out, but ours was perfectly cooked with a good compliment of spices. The gumbo was made in a dark rioux, and was  very tasty. This was our first visit but I am sure it will not be our last. I wanted to update my review based on our last two visits. We still really enjoy the food here, but I will say that they are no longer heating the taco shells on the grill and are using lettuce instead of cabbage or cole slaw, so the tacos are not nearly as good now. No complaints about the other food choices. All are well seasoned and not overcooked. Still one of the best places in Pensacola for good seafood.
Food was good. I ordered the mahi mahi sandwich, mahi was grilled. My boyfriend ordered a fried grouper sandwich. The fish was excellent on both! Cooked to perfection. I gave three stars instead of four because the choice to put yellow American cheese on those high quality fish sandwiches was a mistake. They were still good though. The most surprising part of the experience was the inside of restaurant. I thought we were walking into a dive, but it turned out to be a very nice almost 'high end' looking restaurant. Oh and the cole slaw was awesome!!!
Mahi Mahi sandwich is on point.  The wife got the Tilapia sandwich and loved it. We will definetly eat here again when in the area. We had our fish fried. The breading is not thick it is nice and crispy. Perfect. The fish is fresh and the atmosphere inside is great. The outside of the building and shipping center are a little sketchy but don't let this scare you away. The pound cake we ordered was warm, tasty and well presented. We will definetly eat here again before leaving.
The food here is simply fresh, friendly and fantastic!   I was hooked after the first visit.
Excellent Mahi Mahi fish taco's and I got the black beans & rice side. Very reasonable. Nice furnishings & ambiance. Friendly staff w/good service. Server was very familiar with the menu.
The food here is phenomenal, the prices reasonable, and the service is super-friendly.   After a day at the beach with the kids we stumbled across this place and had a fantastic experience. It would be easy to describe it as a hole-in-the-wall because it is off the beaten path and, from the outside, looks very modest.  However, on the inside it is very nicely appointed and has a really nice atmosphere. But the best things were the service and the food.  We were worried that we might be arriving too late when we stumbled in 20 minutes before closing with two kids in tow, but everyone seemed genuinely happy to see us.  (Another family came in 10 minutes after us and got the same treatment.) We asked the waitress what was fresh and what was tasting best today...she said hands down it was the Amberjack.  At first I hesitated, since Amberjack isn't one of my favorites, but long ago I learned to take fresh and highly recommended over sticking to a particular fish. I was not disappointed.  I had it blackened and my wife had it grilled and both were excellent.  The hushpuppies and cheese grits were phenomenal.  The kids had popcorn shrimp that were so fresh, and hand breaded, that they were some of the best I've ever tasted. We are very happy we found this restaurant and will definitely be back.
OUTSTANDING...!!!  SIMPLY OUTSTANDING...!!! Actually, it's OMG GOOD. Fantastically good seafood at fair prices.  Very well prepared.  Very friendly and attentive service.   Surprisingly attractive dining room given that it's located in a nondescript strip mall. We absolutely, positively LOVE this place.  If you're looking for seafood in Pensacola, you cannot do any better. We'll return again and again and again!!!
Very impressive hole-in-the-wall type fish joint. We started with the chowder, which was well-balanced without being bland. A round of lemon pepper wings for the table impressed as well--they easily beat out the equivalent from Wild Wings. I had the shrimp sandwich with a side of fries-the shrimp were well-sized, the remoulade was tasty but simple, and the fries were standard potato wedges. Service was attentive and polite and the atmosphere is nice and very clean. Prices were fair and the specials sounded great. No complaints and several wows, I'd say this is an excellent local alternative to the larger chain seafood joints. We'll certainly be back.
Good food... The fish tacos were outstanding... I'm very picky about fish tacos being I lived in Cali for five years... So far the best I have had in Pensacola.
The food is absolutely delicious and the service is great. We had to go back again before we left Pensacola. Their chowder and the blackened mahi mahi were awesome, and the salads are huge. Apparently the chef (who is the owner's wife) is from India and puts a unique spin on the seasoning in certain dishes. The outside looks like nothing special but give it a shot; the food is what counts in my book. And a huge plus is the price. Dinner for two was about $40 both times. A definite must-try.
Awesome. All the fish is fresh--if not caught by the owners, they buy from one of the local fish shops. The Mahi Mahi tacos are incredible.
I ordered the mullet sandwich. At $1.19 a pound for mullet at Joe Patti's, there should be mullet fillet hanging over the edges of the bun. Nope. Three small quarter sized trimmings of mullet fried, and arranged to try and cover up most of the bun. For $7.50 in Pensacola, pretty skimpy portion for lunch. The restaurant is nicely done inside, so they have made a substantial investment in the businesses. I will give them a second chance, but if they want to stay in business, some changes are needed. Server was quite pleasant, but never asked how my food was. Also fried okra goes great with fried fish, but is not an available side item.
Great food, great service (Criss @ Carroll) I had the amberjack & mullet & one of the best dinner salads I've had in a longtime (something more than some scraps of iceberg lettuce with 1 pc of onion & a crouton) my friend had the shrimp dinner (Large shrimp and succulent not over breaded & over fried)  both were local caught and cooked perfectly. Criss was our waiter and made knowledgable suggestions. I might also mention the best hush puppy's I've ever had. I actually just take a bite of HP's just to see how bad they are but I ate all 3, they were fantastic! Didn't look impressive from the outside but very clean, calming & a nice modern feel instead of cluttered & junked up decor inside. GREAT JOB !!
Great fish tacos, blackened mahi mahi with a great sauce. Wife had a fish sandwich, melt which she liked but not her favorite. Sides were great, service great, great value. Would come back when in the area.
Fresh fish- blackened Amberjack and the whole fried flounder are favorites. Best cheese grits. Great service, FRESH and homemade menu items. Have yet to save room for dessert-but will get some to take home to "review"  Clean, tastefully decorated and comfortable atmosphere.
Its a small homey restaraunt! Great feel to the place. The dinning staff are polite and tactful. And the Blackened Mahi Mahi Tacos, they were on point! They make their own sauce, and it very rich in flavor and mixed well! The hush puppies were hot and fresh! Not dry, but not to moiste!
Good food, fast service. Fish tacos were great. Looks very clean on the inside. When i first pulled up to the place in a strip mall i was a little unsure but it Looks like a real restaurant on the inside. I will go back for fish tacos and cheese grits.
First time here & wasn't disappointed. The blackened mahi sandwich was good , not spicy, just a good flavor.  The cheese grits were creamy & had a good cheesy flavor. I'll be back to The Fishing Hole!
This is my very first yelp review.  I've never felt the need to write one until experiencing the WORST dinner of my life.  No exaggeration.  The tea was old, the waitress was awful and so slow.  We were there for 1 hour and 40 min and still all of our meals had not been served.  My four year old son and nine year old daughter never got their food.  I never got mine either.  The chicken wings spelled really horrible and the power went out in the restaurant after almost two hours of waiting for our food.  The cook ( I guess it was the cook) came out and told our waitress they would only be able to accept cash since there was no power.  I asked for the manager and was told there wasn't one in the restaurant and the owner was on his way.  The owner never even apologized and we left with my four year old in tears because he was so hungry and I explained he wasn't  going to eat (after almost everyone had gotten their food).  They acted like we couldn't leave without paying even though they had no power and couldn't print our checks.  Total nightmare!!!!!  Again, this is my very first online review EVER but I had no other option to voice my total disgust with this place.  We ended up having to drive all the way to Pensacola Beach to get some food and my son finally ate at 10:00 PM when we originally sat down at the fishing hole at 6:00PM.  Thank goodness for yelp so I can at least express my total anger over how this restaurant treated us.  The four and a half stars had me convincing another family of four to join us with one extra kid along the way.  So there were a total of five kids and four adults.  My wife, me, and my two kids (9 & 4) still we're not served after almost two hours and ten the power went out! Worst night at a restaurant in all 35 years of my life.  No exaggeration. Can you give negative stars on Yelp? Also, I will never use yelp again for restaurants.  Thought the 4 1/2 stars was a safe bet.  It was crazy in there!!!
Large shrimp. Great service. Best cheese grits I have had. I may go back tomorrow for a business meeting.  It is really good.
Went here for dinner and weren't disappointed! We got a little bit of everything: spicy fish bites, hush puppies, cheesy grits, blackened snapper and fried catfish. Everything was delicious! The service was great an the atmosphere was very relaxed. Will be back again!
Was wanting some fish or some sort today.  Decided to stop in, as I've been curious.  So glad I did.  It was lunch for me, and boy howdie - yum.......... DEE LISH........... I will be back and will bring a friend every chance I get. This little place has beat the heck out of a large string of "fish" type restaurants...The oysters were lightly battered, and the cole slaw was awesome. Can hardly wait to try several more of their dishes.  Would love to see raw oysters on the menu, I just know they would be great. But hey, not complaining.  There is plenty to decide on.
