We went for lunch on a glorious day....got to see our favorite ship, the Dare II (Condor Sailing Adventures) docked there, and had the BEST time AND food with our SUPER waiter Travis, and Manager, Contessia!  We sat outside overlooking the marina, Travis helped me to decide on the fried green tomatoes ( I wasn't that hungry), and OH YUM! My husband had been missing his pizza, his eyes lit up when he saw that Mediterranean flat bread before him! I am normally one of those people who take a pic....but we just dove in! Delish! I was then strong armed by Travis saying the key lime pies just came out of the oven, then pushed over the edge by Contessia to get the key lime pie....Travis told me I'd be sad if I split it with my husband....and I was :( (I don't usually eat sweets, btw)...just a wonderful way to have a delicious relaxing lunch....then a walk of the marina to work off that pie! HIGHLY recommend, beautiful setting, amazing menu, amazing staff!
Had the southwest salad.  Friend got a flatbread.  Food was great. Service was great and so was the view. Split the deep fried Oreos.  They were amazing and were served with ice cream.   I'll definitely be back. Be warned that parking close to this place is fairly difficult so its probably easier to park and walk a bit.
Only stopped in for drinks.  No draft beers or frozen margaritas!   No blender?  Wha?!!!   Those are considered staples in my world.   Nice view though. ;)
I was impressed by their menu, and I really enjoyed the views of the water as I ate outside at sunset. Would recommend to friends.
Beautiful view, great server! I wanted steak. Only 1 option:  $30 filet. Kinda pricy, I bet it will be delicious so I'll get it anyway. May I have rice? We don't have rice. Okay, mashed potatoes it is. Food came out and I was appalled at the size it was smaller than the palm of my hand and about and thick as my fingers laying flat on the table, on top of a heaping amount of mashed potatoes. I basically paid for my view. I didn't even get full from the meal. My guy got the fish tacos. Mediocre. We probably won't go back. Was a beautiful night though, and I do praise on the service.. But I can't eat that.
I have to say this was my favorite restaurant that I visited while in Pensacola last week. The food, the atmosphere, the service, the view, and the manager we're all perfect. I had the veggie lasagna and it was amazing. One of my friends had the salmon and said it was the best she's ever had, and another friend had filet mignon and shrimp and said it was outstanding. I also had the bruschetta bread which was mouth watering yummy and I've been craving it ever since I left. Can't wait to visit again, this will be the first restaurant I go to. Also their deck is wonderful and they allow you to bring your dog for outside dinning.
Amazing, beautiful location overlooking a marina. Downtown Pensacola is so cute, too. The food was very good. I had the fish tacos, and they were made with grilled mahi. I also had a delicious martini made with Hendricks gin, cucumber and basil. I so want to recreate that at home! Service was good also. Happy hour got us $3 off specialty drinks from 3-6, I believe.
Service was outstanding.  Went at lunch and had burger, fried green tomatoes, and chicken lettuce wraps. The tomatoes were bland, but everything else was very good. I would go there again.
Bar had no beers on tap; no frozen drinks available because they didn't have a blender. Strawberry Margarita on the rocks tasted nothing like anything I've had in the past, though it did have a strawberry garnish. This place is good if you aren't put off with a limited bottled beer selection while enjoying the view. (Only reason it got any stars...so many better locales for drinks) No reason to return.
Great location and food. We sat outside with a beautiful view of the pier. I got the guacamole appetizer with grilled chicken which were delicious. However, the service was quite terrible. Our server took forever to come by and take our order. And she rarely came around to check if we needed anything. She spilled wine on one of us and didn't even acknowledge it. Then gave me a dirty appetizer plate with crumbs stuck on it. And she forgot my side salad which I was halfway through my meal before she came by again to serve the table next to us and I had to wave her down. She also didn't offer us dessert menu until I asked for it. Overall, good food and view, terrible customer service.
Delicious! Great service! Manager walking around checking in on everyone. Everything was SO good. We were prepared based off of previous reviews for the no draft beer. They were out of fries (an appetizer) as another person said but, we got the Bruschetta instead, which was super yummy and I'm glad they didn't have the fries! The view at sunset it just perfect. Nice, relaxing atmosphere. A new favorite date night restaurant!
Arrived around 2:00pm on a Sunday, seated quickly, hostess and waitress both pointed out half of the lunch menu was no longer available as brunch was over. Not a lot of options, I got a so-so Southwestern salad for $10 (no meat, chicken was an extra $4), husb enjoyed a grilled Mahi sandwich with shoestring fries $14 (no side options offered). I got a taste, the mahi was firm and delicious. Our service wasn't prompt, we were inside by the exit door which opened constantly letting in blasts of heat. Very nice location and view of the yachts.
We found this place by accident Sunday morning.  How fortunate for us! Great ambience and decor. We sat outside where we could watch the boats moving in and out. We ordered the antipasti.  More than enough for a lunch. Crusty crostini, lovely cured meats, buttery cheeses, and the most delicious olive tapanade. My pinot grigio was delightful, not to mention well priced. My partner had the salmon burger which was moist and HUGE. He substituted a caesar salad for the fries and could not say enough about how delicious it was. He had a Sweetwater Blue beer to round out his meal. We enjoyed watching locals arriving with their dogs. It was great that big bowls of water were served to these canine guests along with their human companion's beverages. We will definitely come back!
Beautiful location with great view. We waited about 20 minutes for a table and enjoyed watching the sunset over the marina.  I think this was the peak of our experience. The food was average and not what I would consider worthy of their price. The homemade chips with salsa and guacamole were very tasty, though the guacamole was what I would consider a "dab" and not what I was expecting for "Jaco's Guaco". We ordered the filet mignon and a salad that had steak in it. (I can't recall the name). Taste was good, but the meat was chewy. Husband ordered his medium and it was more rare.  The waitress never collected the menus which we all put aside at a nearby table and a booth seat. The poor waitress dropped one of the plates while clearing our table; not an issue because accidents happen, but upon leaving, the floor was greasy-slick from where they cleaned it up, so we had to be careful not to slip. The dessert sampler was a treat with my best choices being the key lime pie and whatever the chocolatey dessert was. Overall, we just didn't think it was worthy of the hype.
Great food and views of Pensacola Bay. I had the Mahi Sandwich for lunch and it was pretty good. The other dishes passing by my table also looked amazing!
Took my partner and family here for a lunch treat. Service was excellent (waiter was very entertaining) We started with the Antipasto Platters, then I had the Portabello Stack with Pesto Rissotto (absolutely delicious), everyone else had the Flatbreads, and burgers, which they enjoyed immensely. With a round of drinks the bill was $90 and worth every penny. Planning our next trip there for my Birthday this week.
Jaco's is always a great dining experience. We stop here each year on our drive back to Colorado. The atmosphere is beautiful, the menu choices are all fantastic, the service is great, and the food is delicious.
This place was delicious! we made it just in time for happy hour, and the drinks were reasonably priced. The service was great, our waitress kept checking up on us to see if we needed anything. The chicken lettuce wraps were top notch. The view of the marina was even better. I will definitely come back!
This restaurant was the reason I joined Yelp.  Beautiful location, great food, great service.  Had the Mediterranean flatbread, Tender Blue Salad both were fantastic.  We were still hungry so we ordered the Tender Blue flatbread, it was good but better as a salad.  We finished with the fried Oreos which the kids loved.
One simply cannot go wrong by visiting Jaco's.  From the beautiful location overlooking Pensacola Bay, to the exquisite drinks and food, Jaco's offers a unique Pensacola experience.  The food is always fresh and always delicious.  I've had multiple items from the menu over the past few years and every time I'm delighted all over again.  I must admit, however, that one of my favorites is the mushroom flatbread.  Do yourself a favor and try it!
Beautiful location. Awesome service from our waiter Chris not only did he look like a model when he heard it was our 30th anniversary he went the extra mile. I had the salmon burger, Darlene had the grilled Mahi both were great needed a tiny pinch of salt. At only $12.00 we will be back to try more of the menu, hope we get Chris again. the buns were extraordinary.
Jaco's has a great view and our server did everything possible to put lipstick on a pig. However, their oven was out meaning no flatbreads on a weekend, food was incredibly slow and their bathrooms were out. (They actually called in an emergency plumber who managed to make a larger mess causing the entire restaurant to close early on a Friday.) I may give this a second try, but it's not a top 10.
I'm writing this as the meal progresses so I don't know what kind of review it will be yet. We arrived close to 10pm and had no problem getting choice seats with a gorgeous view from the friendly hostess. We were immediately greeted by our waiter Andy who was warm and friendly.  He steered us towards a couple of house cocktails that were every bit as good as he promised.  After a short while he brought us some hot toasted bread and kept out water glasses full. We took his recommendations for food as well, the ahi and the tacos, the ahi was delicious, the tacos were acceptable, but bland and relied heavily on the mango salsa. The view puts this place over the top, the service is, in our experience, excellent.  Solid 4 star experience, would reccomend.
I have been here 3 times and I do not understand the complaints about not getting enough for your money. I have been extremely satisfied with the food all three times. The items have been unique and well seasoned. For what you're getting the price is very fair. This is not something you can just go out and buy and cook in your own kitchen. Plus the view is amazing. If anything is overpriced it's the drinks.
I've eaten here many times and the atmosphere here is great. The food, when available is above average. The problem is that the last four times we have had nothing but excuses as to why they are out of things. This time they are out off tuna, grouper, pork tenderloin, and guacamole. Last time it was french fries and salmon. What gives? I want to eat here but kind of pricy for settling on something I didn't want on the first place.
Jaco's has the most beautiful view in Downtown Pensacola (excluding the Wahoos stadium which I think actually has an AMAZING view) and it is a pleasure to sit outside and enjoy food and drink here. You are paying for the view- just make peace with that. I almost always get the Wild Mushroom Flatbread. I just haven't had anything that is as tasty- it is SO good. My wife is gluten free and there are options for her here as well- she likes the Bibb lettuce wraps and other salads. Their drinks are really delicious and they have a nice selection of wine. I think their house wines are of good quality and very reasonably priced. There is never a bad time of day to go here. I even like it when it's raining.
I am so sad to write a poor review of someplace I loved to go. I entered the restaurant with my small service animal, registered and wearing a vest with proper insignia, and sat at the bar with a friend. There were 3 other people at the opposite end of the bar and the restaurant was in a slow period. I sat Max on the stool next to me as I got settled in and was looking over the menu to order. I was asked to leave. I quickly added that he would be sitting in my lap if that was the problem and I was told that was not acceptable. I frequent MANY establishments in Pensacola and abroad with him and this was a new experience. He is not a companion/comfort animal, he is a trained, certified medical alert service animal. I will not go back to Jaco's and will share this experience freely. I would like to note it was the manager that asked us to leave after ordering drinks and I had to pay for them without consuming them.
The fish tacos are beyond yummy. Don't order the berry mojito because you might as well just chew on mint leaves and wash them down with turpentine. Im pretty sure the bartender was absolutely clueless or just too busy flirting with the waitresses.
You must try flat bread mushroom pizza. Amazing and surprisingly filling.  Very classy.
Location, location, location.  The place is gorgeous, but the food is sub par.  The flatbread pizza was apparently made on a flour tortilla, not worthy of the price.  It  was more of an appetizer, not an entre.   The fish in the fish tacos was in three uniform size and shape pieces reminiscent of fish sticks.  We didn't have any drinks, but I suppose if you had enough you wouldn't notice the poor quality of the overpriced food.  It is a great place to sit outside and watch the sun set while having a drink, though.
The mister decided we should stop here, while wandering the Palafox pier. What a rad selection. The menu was amazing looking & I really wish I has the tummy room to eat more. My mister & I shared the pomme frites (fancy ass french fries), the salsa verte salmon (get in rare) & the drunken berries. Next time I will try the flash fried tuna. Also the patio is very dog friendly. They even bring a dog bowl out full of water. Amazing service from "Travis"
Very relaxing. Food was good. Paul our waiter was super. Flatbread very crispy. Will go back again.
Jaco's is one of the few places I feel deserves a "five-star" rating. Every time I have visited Jaco's I have left incredibly happy with both my meal and service. As a stickler for perfect steak, their filet mignon dish was amazing and their bartender made the perfect Manhattan. Definitely visit Jaco's. Don't expect a "suit and tie" atmosphere, but expect great food, a great view and a great wait staff.
The staff is not incredibly inviting. One of those places that is doing well and isn't afraid to act like it.
The skinny: Jaco's Bayfront Bar & Grille is a very nicely appointed place with an outstanding view. Extreme Caution Advised on Holidays. We scored the walkway seats over looking a marina full of handsome vessels and wildlife (it was beautiful to watch the heron fish for its lunch). We went  to the restaurant to avoid the typical Mother's Day rush on the expected eateries. And it wasn't a bad wait. At 11:30 we had a 20 minutes wait that we strolled around enjoying the sights of school of fish hungrily chasing smaller fry. The dining experience was disappointing, though. It started innocently, but weird enough with the tired frustration I saw on the Hostess' face when she put our name down. She was equally abrupt when she 'seated' us, but I had some recommendations from work colleagues so we sat down and I looked eagerly at the brunch menu. $2 Bloody Mary's and Mimosa's encouraged me more. It was soon obvious that the place was overwhelmed. We chatted and after a long of a wait we met our server who soon showed impatience as we decided on drinks. The drinks came out, but the Bloody Mary's between the two of were very inconsistent my drink was bitter (I guess too much Angostura) and my bride's was very strong (which I like, so happy accident an I took her libation).  We submitted orders for two egg and bacon breakfasts and the 'wrap' i.e. a breakfast burrito that has gotten an advanced degree. One hour passed which we made the best of by talking, at the end of 55 minutes though the strong drinks and nibbles were giving way to an awkward stomach rumble.The waiter passed a dozen or so times during this and promised about the last 4 times that it would be right out, every time the promises drew the awkwardness thicker. Our plates looked great when the arrived. I was a little jealous of the healthy portion of the egg dish, the kitchen was generous on that smoky  engine of taste: bacon!  My wrap looked good, unfortunately it tasted as if it had been sitting for some time, with nary an afterglow of the cooking temperature. It was cooked fine, it didn't taste bad, but could it have been sublime if it had been served when it was made. The wait staff continued to be out of their league all around us: our waiter asked if everything was OK, but he was gone before the question mark dropped. He knew it wasn't and he ran away. It was also obvious that the host staff continued to get more flustered as we waited through another 20 minutes to pay the bill. Verdict: It is a shame they blew it today. I will go back to give the place another chance, probably after a good period of time has passed. Mark my words though, I will NOT go back during a 'rush'/holiday and I wouldn't recommend you do either until they get the management under control.
Last I wrote I gave Jaco's four stars. The location is outstanding, both past and present, as is the service too!  But once again the things I should have ordered, I didn't and it really was a real let down. Tonight we ordered, the wild mushroom flatbread, tomato tart, and the Thai style ribs. when two out of three are bad, then I guess Jaco's is only capable of simplicity. The Thai ribs were so uninspiring, because you realize that anyone could do a better job. These rib's were something you'd find in a crock pot, when you absolutely had to make something. Throw some spices in there and just because there's some five spice powder in it, you can call it Thai style. Seriously as kind as the Thai's are, after one bite a Thai would go on a homicidal rage. Instead of calling it Thai style, why not call it, "I know longer give a flying F%$# style" surly a winner there. The Tomato Tart, actually was ok, not really great but, after the rib's, the tart had immensely more flavor. Lastly the wild mushroom flatbread, is there best item they make now. It's rich, and the flat bread is crisp, the only change up i would do is place a wild green's salad on top of it. There mushroom flatbread is outstanding. I'm very disappointed in there food, as with killer views, killer service, there food has just become lame. I'd go back there again, but, now I know what to order, a glass of wine, and wild mushroom flatbread. Kinda sad, that experimentation has been taken away.
I've been here for drinks and I've been here for food (and drinks), but I would suggest that you eat elsewhere and stick with the drinks.  It's not that the food is exactly horrible...it isn't...but I will say that you don't get much for what you pay.  That may be my frugal side breaking through, but really, the flatbread "pizzas" are nothing more than some scant ingredients on a flour tortilla.  Seriously.  I could eat $50 worth of those things and leave hungry. Sitting at the bar ensures quicker service.  And it isn't that the floor staff ignores you, but more like the bartender has nowhere else to be, so you know where to find her (the bartender has always been a female the 5-6 times that I've been to Jaco's). The best part of the experience, as noted by many others, is the location.  The sunsets are great and the doors are usually open to let the bay breeze waft through.   I received a PM from a fellow Yelper that says that Jaco's is dog friendly, so add this to your list of places to go with your puppy.
A tiny little gem tucked away at the Palafox Pier.  We've walked past here before, but didn't know it was open, so one Saturday while checking out the Peacemaker Tall Ship docked next door, we stopped by for a glass of wine and an appetizer. We sat outside, and although it was chilly, they had outdoor heaters, and the setting sun was still nice and toasty.  The view was very nice and peaceful, and I loved that no tables sat in front of each other. We both ordered a reasonably priced glass of wine and split the Wild Mushroom Flatbread with was delicious.  It seemed like it was on a homemade tortilla - that's how thin it was, but it was nice and crispy and was able to support the delicious toppings of mushrooms, Pancetta, truffle oil, asparagus, onions, Balsamic vinegar, and goat cheese.  It was the perfect filling snack - anything with truffle oil on it goes a long way. This is just what the pier needs down there. It's comfortable, classy, and affordable. I look forward to going again.
Location, location, location!  I love this place.  It has become a staple in our happy hour destinations list.  The view is of course amazing and when the weather is nice you certainly want to sit outside. The staff is very friendly and the owners come around and greet you and chat for a while.  I like that they do this as it gives Jacos' a personal touch.  The menu is not huge but a good mix of food.  The flat bread pizzas pair well with the extensive wine list.   The interior is built to look old, which I love!  The bar area is cozy and the bartenders are nice and chatty.   Stop in if you are in the area and you will not be disappointed.
My uncle took me there as a thanks for helping him out with some PC problems. We sat outside on the patio it was nice and sunny. Our server was quick and attentive. I ordered the crab sliders, but I don't recall the menu saying they were ON FIRE spice-wise; it was almost unbearable. The slider buns also were a little charred on top as if someone forgot to take them out of the oven while toasting them. I would have given this a higher rating; if not for the above mentioned items.
The view was excellent, the food was disappointing, and the staff were arrogant.  Me and my wife are foodies, and love a culinary experience, but this fell waaaaaay short of that. Most of the menu is composed of "flatbreads" which are little more than flour tortillas baked with mid-quality cheese and toppings. They would be more accurately called "open-faced quesadillas". The appetizer sampler platter came with bread that was stale (not crunchy or dry, but soggy and stale).  When the waitress was told this, she told us shortly that it's supposed to be like that; and then brought us equally un-fresh foccacia bread instead. This may be a great spot for sunset cocktails, but the overpriced food was a disappointment. I imagine a lot of the price of the meal goes to the expensive rent of being on the water, and not on the quality of the ingredients. Spots we love in Pensacola include: the fish house, mcguire's, Hemingway's, and dharma blue.  You'll have better luck with these.
I went here after seeing an advertisement in the IN Weekly newspaper. I thought it would be the perfect place to take my friend and her two kids for a Mother's Day Brunch. I, however, was sadly mistaken. It first started when I tried to call to make reservations. I was a little saddend because they were not accepting reservations for parties under five people. However, I have been trying my best lately to try out new places to eat, so I thought we would just try our luck. We arrive and they are quite busy indeed. During our predicted 15 minute wait, that was actually over 30 minutes, I heard the hostess call for over 7 parties of people who had "Reservations". These parties had "groups" of people ranging from 4 to 2 people! I don't know if we had missed something somewhere where I could have made reservations for my tiny group of four, but it was rather irritating. Service side: I could be more impressed elsewhere. I did tip my usual 20%, but only because I felt that our server was pulled all over the place, he even had tables outside to attend to! Refill count: 1. However, he was very attentive to the kids needs when we were able to get him to the table. Although- basic items like salt, pepper, ketchup, etc. where not offered nor were they on the table to start with. Food Side: For what I ordered, it was horrible. For my friend, she did enjoy her meal. I requested the eggs be cook over medium, and they were horribly runny and absolutely disgusting. I didn't care to send it back because it would have taken them another 40 minutes to bring eggs cooked correctly. Clock: We were there for about 1.5 hours. .5 hours waiting for the table. about .25 hours waiting for our first sip of our drink. about another .25 for the food. we ate. and then another .25 waiting for him to bring us our check. On a side note: The wait time is not a hit in my opinion, as they were very busy being it was Mother's Day. I feel bad for the waiter, in my opinion. I know a lot isn't his fault, and he was very very busy. He was running around so much that he was drenched in sweat tbh. Result: I will not return. I will not reccommend.
We were visiting Pensacola for the long weekend. We came to this place based on a recommendation from our friends in Gulf Breeze. This restaurant is located near a pier with lot of costly private yachts parked next to it. The views outside are good and the ambiance inside is also good. We had a reservation and they got us seated right away in a big booth in the corner. We ordered drinks and we got them in few minutes. We placed the order for appetizers (Pomme Fritters & Crab Sliders) POMME Fritters: These are just thin french fries (Like McDonald fries thin) with some sauce. It has a touch of spiciness and Parmesan flavor. Delicious! Crab Sliders: We got two sliders on our plate with some lettuce and some kind of salsa next to it. The buns were not that great. Then the crab cake is greasy and it has lot of bread than crab in it. It was just passable...would not order this dish again. By this time, our drinks were done and our server was nowhere to be found. It's been another 5-10 mins before we can ask him for refills. And we place order for our Entrees. My wife ordered Greek Chopped with Chicken (It's a salad) which was just ok...the meat was fresh but not much flavor to it. Our other orders were Mediterranean, Roasted Chicken flatbreads. Flatbread is nothing but a pizza on a very thin crust and very crispy. Both of them were decent but the size is like a personal pizza. For $10 at lunch, the size should be little bigger than what we got. We were still hungry by the end of it. We ran out of drinks and we have to hunt out waiter to get them refilled again. Not acceptable! We placed two orders for desert. One Key Lime Pie and other one is Icecream with fried Oreos. Key Lime pie was just ok...I had better ones. Icecream with Fried Oreos was very good. We asked for their famous Chocolate desert but they ran out of them that day. Overall an average affair except the views. The food and service needs to improve to get 4* from me. They cannot getaway with just killer views of the Bay.
Wife & I stopped in for lunch on weekeday right around noon. Seemed about 1/3 full, but waitstaff got somewhat confused right off the start. I hate the "food auction" where someone else brings out your drinks and food and tries to guess who had what- especially if when are not busy. Anyways, that plus being seated in next to a crying baby mitigated the ambiance somewhat. This place does have a great patio and I can understand the rave reviews for that. We each had a glass of wine and were a little dismayed at the very stinginess of the pour. We ordered the Capeise salad, Tender Bleu salad and shared the Wild Mushroom Flatbread and Key Lime pie (tart actually)- the last two on the recommendation of yelpers. We both found the salads to be excellent. Generous portions on the Caprese. The mozzarella portions were quite large, as were the tomatoes. The pesto tasted fine, but appeared to be a little stale (the outside had darkened substantially & dried somewhat, but was bright & moist underneath). My wife is an olive oil perfectionist, and she really loved the taste of the oil used. My steak was perfectly cooked to rare on the Tender Bleu, although the onion strings on top were kind of greasy. In all fairness, I'm not a fan of them anyway, so I might be hard to please in that area. The flatbread tasted absolutely amazing- crispy without being crumbly, balanced and a nice hint of truffles.  The Key Lime tart was the perfect size for sharing, and was spot on in balance of sweetness, tartness and lime. At the end, it was kind of awkward as the waitress seemed to be moving us along- taking plates immediately as we finished. So quick in fact I felt rushed- taking a bite and as the fork left my mouth the plate was gone. As I said, it wasn't crowded, we weren't camping out or anything so why the rush to try & flip the table? It really didn't mesh with the laid back atmosphere. A manager (owner) realized my wife hadn't finished her wine so he got a plastic cup to take it with her... what he should have realized was that we were being herded out. So, our experience overall was good: great food, a fair value ($50), inspiring atmosphere but probably an inexperienced staff. Would return without question, probably for dinner when more experienced staff worked (and we could enjoy the sunset view). Last tip: on the right day you can see the Blue Angels practice over the bay!
There is no denying the ambiance at Jaco's.  Beautiful and romantic on a more than impressive marina.  Although I must admit that staring at the gigantic yachts can make a regular schmo like me feel a bit inadequate.  My wife, God bless 'er, was sweet enough to tell me that those boats were too big for her anyway.  Thank you, sweetheart.   I really wanted to give this place at least 4 stars, but just couldn't justify it.  If Yelp would allow, I'd say that this place warrants 3.8 stars.  So I'll start with the good.  We ordered the Wild Mushroom Flatbread as an appetizer.  It was pretty good and was enough for all four of us to have a piece.  The seafood is great.  I ordered the Fish Bouillabaisse.  It was great.  I would have liked more seafood in it.  Now, for the bad.  My wife ordered the Filet Mignon.  It was just plain bad.  The one thing I know for sure is that it was NOT a Filet Mignon.  Maybe a mock Filet.  It appeared to be cooked correctly, but it was quite tough and had no flavor.  I'm serious, I love steak and this thing was flavorless.  My wife ate everything except her $27 steak.  The server asked if it was ok and we told her it was bad.  She said she mention it to the manager, but no one ever came back to the table nor did we receive any discount.   I suppose the ultimate blame lies with us.  Jaco's is a seafood restaurant.  Stick with what they are good at.  We'll go back, but only for the seafood.
Finely crafted food sitting in view of the waterfront/pier?!  I say yes, yes and YES!  This place is hidden on Palafox Pier.  The menu is just right with good choices for the  healthy minded.  Menu has salads, flat bread(pizzas), and pasta.  Portions are just right, though I may have to order more if I was starving.   I would suggest getting an appetizer, main course, and dessert to give your pallet a voyage of tastely goodness. Tonight I tried the Palafox, which is a pasta dish.  The dish was extremely flavorful.  Tomatoes were fresh and juicy in my tomato basil pasta dish.  Pairing my meal with red wine was victory!  I also tried an appetizer sampler that had toast, two different meats, salsa, and some bean based sour dish that tasted amazing!   The dessert I would suggest is the fried Oreo.  We ordered a sampler dessert dish.  Most of the dessert dish is whip creamed base....meh.  The fried Oreo is served with ice-cream.  Yes, we all scream for ice-cream!   Staff was nice.  Some attractive waitress and hostess are at this establishment.  Next time I come, I will definitely suit up and take a date here for a good time.  You can enjoy good food and nice views of expensive boats and a beautiful view of the pier.
Totally unimpressive, the location is the only reason I would go here.  Food was far below average and far below the expectation for the price.  Met the owner, David, not a restaurant guy and I would guess that's the problem.
Just went to Jaco's for the first time on a Saturday afternoon. We sat at the inside bar and had appetizers and a few drinks- food, drinks, and service were amazing. I had mimosas and my roommates had martinis- all tasty and well made. The attentive bartenders were the icing in the cake. I had the lettuce wraps- so fresh, light, and great sauce with it. My roommates had the tender blue salad and wild mushroom flat bread. Both also delicious with very fresh ingredients. On top of all this, the beautiful view and comfortable ambience make Jaco's an all around 5 star place. Happy eating :)
The mushroom flatbread is out of control. The hubby and I usually pair it with the tender blue salad followed by the dessert sampler. Delicious food. Great view, service, and atmosphere. One of our faves!!
We met some friends down here last Saturday evening to watch the weigh-in for the Pcola Intl Billfish Tournament. We sat outside on the patio, watched the beautiful boats bring in their bounties and enjoyed the lovely summer evening. Hubby and I opted for flat bread pizzas (Rustic Veggie being my fav!) and our friends went with the pasta and the beef medallions. All meals were superb and everyone was satisfied with their choice. The only frustration was with the slower-than-usual service.   I always love when proprietors care enough to walk around and make sure guests are satisfied and David, the owner came by to do just that. We topped off our meals with a fried Oreo dessert that was scrumptious! If possible, time it like we did with an evening of fireworks from nearby Blue Wahoos stadium for a perfect night!
Service is okay. Water bowl for the dog that's awesome. Good drinks. Girlfriends meal is great, seafood frittata. But the stuffed French toast was bland, mediocre at best. The "fresh fruit" was obviously store bought, flavorless and disappointing.  Seems most of the food was not freshly made but frozen, thawed out and nuked.  Boring, lifeless food on fancy dish wear.
Great view. Usually good food.
Ok, so we tried it again. Same. View was awesome. Food was horrible. Bathrooms were closed. Not sure why they can't get the food right and additionally baffled how they stay open with how bad the food is.
This place has a great view, decent food. The best part for me was the key lime pie so delicious and tart.
jaco's definitely delivers in it's niche as the only restaurant right on palafox pier.  the atmosphere is pleasant and the service is good.  i have had very generously poured wine and cocktails and have absolutely no complaints in the bar department.  the food is not bad either....but i agree with other reviewers who have said that you should go here for the drinks and eat somewhere else. i have found that the food is overpriced, in my opinion, for what it is....and does not always have the best execution.  have tried several flatbreads, their guacamole, and tomato tart (which was really a deconstructed tart---ie, 3 slices of tomato with a tiny disc of puff pastry placed on top) and none have left me wanting more or going back because i crave it.  all in all, you will have a good experience at jaco's. but don't expect an eating experience you will feel evangelical about. **antecdote...the first time we came here our server's first question was did we know what a flatbread is.  pensacola is like 8 years behind...so ya know, martinis and flatbreads are brand new there still.
Worst salmon burger I've ever had. It's literally the salmon out of a can smushed in with raw peppers and slapped on a bun with 2 pieces of chewy bacon on top. I took 2 bites and couldn't handle it anymore. Never will go again.
Terrible manager, who was rude,unprofessional with poor customer skills. Salmon in the salad was raw and gave me a very sour stomach. Manager said it was not his fish, well this may be so, but I hadn't eaten anything else, and I was quite ill. This ruined my valentine's lunch with my wife...and spoiled the whole day.
Beautiful setting right on the waterfront! Went there for lunch on a rainy day and still loved looking out on the water. We got three flat breads (the Tender Blue, the Margherita, and the Wild Mushroom), all which were AMAZING!!! The Tender Blue flat bread was the best by far... blue cheese, steak (medium), and balsamic reduction... DELISH! Will definitely re-visit if in town again!
We went here the other day and we seated outside. We sat for 20 minutes and nobody came over to ask us for our drink orders. We let the hostess who seated us know that nobody had come over and she said "she'd like someone know we were seated there. In the next few minutes a waitress came outside  (Almost all tables outside were filled and it's not like we were by ourselves) and took the order of the table next to us and then didn't come back out. So we decide to go leave and on the way out walked past the manager. I told him what had happened. He reseated us in another location and someone else took our order. The manager then brought us out an appetizer, french fries with some kind of shredded parmesan cheese (?) and dip. We each ordered flat bread and they were both good but nothing special. It wouldn't be someone worth ordering again. Then we had the key lime pie for dessert and it was okay. The key lime pie at the Fish House was to die for so I would definitely hit the Fish House first!  The good news was the manager did take care of the whole bill.
GREAT atmosphere, particularly outside, cool staff and good food.  Prices weren't too bad and they're dog friendly;).
I went to this restaurant expecting good food and a nice view. What my love and i got was an uncomfortable table and too much noise.  The waitress was slow and self-centered and the food was OK ... nothing special. however, I liked the dessert. It's OK and I guess I'd do it again .... just get me another waitress.
Delicious meal, great service and fantastic location. I'll be going back. And it's one of the few places open on a Monday night.
Great lasagna; great wild mushroom flat bread; Paul is an awesome waiter; check this place out
We had a nice dinner on a Monday evening.  It wasn't terribly crowded, so we experienced no wait for a table with a bay front view. I had the Margherita flatbread and loved every bite. It was perfectly crisp and had a generous amount of toppings, including fresh mozzarella. My husband ordered the Greek chopped salad, but had a hard time making up his mind between that and a shrimp dish.  Our waiter suggested adding shrimp to the salad - and that turned out to be a perfect choice. This was the first night of a Florida vacation,during which i planned to have key lime pie at least once a day. They didn't exactly have KLP but offer instead a key lime  tart. It is an individual pie with a filling similar to lemon meringue pie. But very "limey" and very very tart. For some people I suspect it is perhaps too tart. Not for me however. I loved it!  Our waiter was friendly and helpful without being intrusive. Service was quick and efficient.  After dinner we enjoyed a stroll among the yachts anchored nearby. A perfect start to our vacation.
This is a little known gem in downtown Pensacola. We had an early dinner here today, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. These type places are normally just overpriced yuppie bars that serve average food. The food was not great, but it was very good. The prices were a little high, but for the view and the tasty food, it is worth it. This was our first visit, and we do plan to return.
The bruschetta plate and breads are wonderful.  Includes a carmelized onion and goat cheese spread.  Crazy good!
Appetizers and dessert was good. The cocktails were watered down. Scenery in Florida very nice as usual. The menu has been slimmed down and does not offer fresh local seafood speciaties. Flatbread pizza on the H2O....really???
Jacos is always an amazing experience. The location offers a fantastic view of the marina and Pensacola bay. The wait staff have been nothing but curious and eager to serve each time I've been. I have yet to have a menu item which I did not enjoy, or was not expertly prepared. The drinks are also fantastic.
One of my favorite spots in Pensacola. Always great service and ambiance, although it can get noisy inside. We love the pomme frittes and bruschette to start and our favorite flatbreads are the Pesto and the Tender Blue. Great place for drinks or dinner with family & friends.
Jaco's is WACKO! Worst experience at a restaurant ever. Restaurant cannot handle parties. Server spilled drink all over my cell phone while trying to sit drink down on table, veggie lasagna came out tepid warm (even in the center), entree came out BEFORE starter house salad, Complaint was made to manager and he was completely rude about it. Told me there's no way my lasagna is not hot, that "it came out of a 650 degree oven". Absolutely ridiculous that he's even questioning me instead of apologizing. I wanted my lasagna reheated and they never brought it back. Caution, the ahi tuna dish is FISHY and when your order is missing items instead of informing the customer they bring your dish sans items they 'ran out of' with a quick, "oh, we ran out" reply (ONLY when you inquire). Thanks for asking me if I still want my entree sans items. I am NEVER coming back. I WILL NOT and DO NOT recommend this restaurant.
In the search for a nice salad for lunch i found that there are not that many places downtown that i would venture.  Jaco's Southwest Salad with a tasty lime vinaigrette was exactly what I was looking for. I added shrimp and my friend added chicken.  We each had more than enough to eat, but finished our plates anyway because it was so good! We had a lovely lunch overlooking the bay.
Cool location, Food is ok
I was visiting P'Cola these past 2 weeks and had been dining out quite a lot.  We had been to 3 other well-known and very pricey restaurants in P'Cola that were good, however, a friend suggested Jaco's. My son and I dined there Thursday, 10-25.  First, I knew it was going to be a pleasant experience when I saw the outside of the lovely building sitting adjacent to the marina.  And Jaco's sign....who can resist the sweet face of Jaco, the Wheaten Terrier....soooo cute.  Ah yes, a building, a marina, and a cute dog don't make the food, but they certainly set the ambiance. We decided to sit inside instead of the lovely outside dining.  The indoor dining is clean and modern.  And, we enjoyed looking at the bar.  It rivals any restaurant in Denver (and we have some very good ones).  The bar is very well stocked with high-end liquors.  As we sat down, we experienced one of those breathtaking sunsets where it looks as if God's fingers are illuminating the sky. Friends told us that Jaco's flatbread "pizzas" were very good.  There is quite an assortment to choose from.  But, I hadn't eaten all day, so I wanted something more.  So many of the  fares sounded wonderful.  We could not decide, so my son and I both ordered several things:  white flatbread, island style flatbread, bouillabaise,  and grilled pork tenderloin.  No we didn't eat it all, but that's ok as my son needed some leftovers in the fridge for his new apartment. Our waitress was wonderful....very attentive.  The 2 owners came by our table several times to check on us.  Stephen, 1 of the owners, was extremely gracious and made certain that we were totally satisfied. He did inform us that the talented chef brings several years of experience to Jaco's from Atlanta. Ok, the food:  the bouillabaise was served with a salad of baby spring lettuces accompanied by a side of a thick balsamic dressing.  The lettuce leaves were all nice and green...no wilting or disgusting "old salad" colors.  The dressing you need to take a bit on your fork and then pierce your lettuce.  Not difficult or clumsy, and oh so worth it as the dressing has a very light and not too vinegarey flavor.  The baby sliced tomatoes were sweet and fresh. The bouillabaise was a refreshing change to some heavier flavored ones that a diner might have previously experienced.  What a great thought by the chef since P'Cola weather is hot and balmy, and who wants to eat a HOT bouillabaise when it's 90 degrees outside?  Well, there was plenty of fish, shrimp and clams to enjoy.  The risotto was prepared to perfection....not over or under done....just perfect.  And the sausage was a wonderful way to add the fennel taste necessary for a bouillabaise.  I'd say it was a unique idea in giving  bouillabaise a Southern twist.  In addition, there was a type of succotash vegie combination added for the vegetables....another Southern touch.  I'm not certain if the legumes were baby limas or edamame, but whichever, it was delicious.  The tomato saffron broth was very good; there was not too much of it so you wouldn't lose the risotto or crostina, and there was enough to enjoy it.  All in all a great choice. According to my son, the pork tenderloins were great.  Very, very tender and juicey....not dried out.  It was served with new potatoes, which were as they should be, a little sweet.  I can't comment on the flavor, but he said it was the best meal he had eaten in P'Cola.  And, without mentioning any competition, he had a very, very expensive steak the previous week, and he felt that his pork tenderloin....hands down.....was much better.  My son loves pork and orders it frequently when we dine out.  He loved it and would order it again. We both enjoyed our flatbread pizzas.  Taste and presentation were excellent.  I would recommend getting a flat bread pizza as an appetizer and share it with your SO before your entree....that way you can enjoy Jaco's flat breads and something else. We also ordered dessert.  My son had the homemade key lime tart.  I had the chocolate caramel tart served with strawberries and fresh whipped cream.  All we can say is yum, yum. Our son is a Navy Officer stationed here, and he will certainly be back again to enjoy the sunsets with his fiancee. Between our initial impression, ambiance, food, and service, we give Jaco's 2 big thumbs UP or 5 stars.
Jaco's is a tiny little restaurant located at the very end of Palafox St. right on Palafox Pier. We came in at 7:30 on a Sunday evening for dinner and the place seemed to be fairly bustling. When we sat down, the restaurant started to quiet down and the customers were all leaving. It turned out that they close at 8:00 on Sundays. Even though it's Sunday, I think 8:00 is a bit early to close down if you're serving dinner. We sat down and our waiter took our drink orders, and then proceeded to order. The wait time for our entrees was not exactly fast. We waited for about 20-30 minutes for our entrees to arrive. By the time the entrees had came, we had already finished our drinks, and the waiter never actually noticed that we had empty glasses. Anyways, onto the food. My kids ordered a pork tenderloin with a miso/honey glaze which was very good, and a slider with a sauce that tastes exactly like the claws in garlic sauce at the Fish House (??). I ordered the mushroom flatbread with truffle oil and my wife ordered the Ahi Tuna. The flatbread was oh so delicious, while my wife commented that the Tuna was a bit on the tough side. Oh well, you can't have everything. I have to say that the best thing about this restaurant is the amazing view that accompanies it. It was so relaxing eating beside those huge (and expensive) yachts. Overall, the food was pretty good but they can improve the service a bit. I shouldn't have to ask for drink refills.
We only stopped here for a few drinks and a light meal, so can't really rate it, just to say the ambience was nice, and the staff friendly.  The flatbreads were tasty.
Nice scenic location, friendly staff, good food.  They specialize in salads and flatbread pizzas.  Not a huge menu but that means they can concentrate on what they do offer.  I had the classic flatbread pizza and the Byron pint noir, both very good!  The 20' curved bar is beautiful; great place to watch the sun go down.  Lots of covered outdoor seating that's wonderful when not too hot.  I'll be back!
While visiting P'cola, my folks took me to Jaco's. We sat at the bar and were helped by Campbell and John. Great guys, very nice.  My pizza was tasty and I didn't feel weighted down after. I also love the wine selection and prices. A bottle of Stag's Leap 06 Merlot for $46?! Yes, please.  Met the owners, Dave and Steven. Wonderful hosts.  Jaco's is now on my list of places to visit every time I come to see my parents. Great job, guys!
Love this place. Great Sunday brunch with $2.00 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas. The breakfast flatbread is great as is the setting
