Very solid bar and pizza place.  They have an awesome tap beer selection, good pizza, and the duck fat fries are awesome (although  as someone below put it, kinda hard to screw up duck fat fries). Nightlife is pretty good on the weekends.  Live (usually rock) music on Fridays.  The crowd is pretty good, mix of military folks, locals, tourists, etc.  Pizza is served late, so a layover between bar hopping for a pizza is totally do-able.
While I've long since tired of going out and getting smashed regularly, my love of Hopjacks still endures.  Their Belgian Fries (more commonly referred to as "the duck fries") are delicious, and the pizza is good, even if it does take a while for it to get there (it's not like this is frozen, pre-made pizza they're just shoving in the oven, folks!), they've got an unrivaled selection of beers, and the bartenders are friendly and funny.   Best nights to go are Tuesday for $3 Holla ("minor beer execptions" notes their website) and Sunday for half-off drafts.
This is the premier place to go in Pensacola. The food is top notch and the variety of beer is unmatched. The wait service is always accommodating and can give a recommendation on any order. The people at hop jacks are what makes the place so unique, it has people of all ages laughing and having a great time. Whether its your first time in Pensacola or someone who lives in town, it is work checking out. You can never go wrong with the pizza and the duck fat fries!
Great pizza and an impressive drinks menu. 110 beers available and a creative option of mixed drinks. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable. $2 Sweetwaters during select times.
I can't believe more people have not raved about the fries! They are cooked in a blend of duck fat and some other oil, liberally seasoned with coarse sea salt and served with a delicious garlic aioli. I go just for the fries alone, although the jerk chicken wings are great as well. The pizzas are good, but they could benefit from a crisper crust, I am a fan of wood-fired pizzas. I don't drink beer as much as I do Bourbon, but they are always super willing to let you try the beers on tap and their selection of tap and bottled beers is great. Friendly staff, good vibes, awesome fries, what more could a girl want?
By far the best bar I have been to in quite some time. My wife and I went here for a nice night out on the weekend. Coming in we were a tiny bit specific as to the fact it's on the main little strip and not too much parking was to be found with all of the random people in random lots randomly charging to park there. But when we went inside it looked a lot more hopeful. Smelled great and seemed like a good atmosphere. Then we sat down at the bar. And were handed a beer menu. 59 on tap and 164 different bottles. Not to include their blends and bombs. And guess what folks. They'll let you sample whatever you'd like, and recommend the beer you might like! The food we had, the Mozzarella Sticks (pizza thing) was amazing! We just about licked the plate / pan clean. Bartenders were a hoot! They had a blast with my wife and I. Keeping a great attitude and boosting our experience to the MAX. All very friendly, and managing those a little more intoxicated appropriately. Drinks were nice and heavy pours. And delicious. My wife loved the "RazzleDazzle". Where as I just appreciated a nice Double Tall Crown Reserve and Coke. The a bit of a nicer whiskey on the rocks. Thank you HopJacks for a great time! I'll be by sometime. To pick my wife up a tanktop of course, of course I'll have a drink.
Lots of great beer on tap, and our bartender, Shawna (sp?) treated us very well (and is total eye candy if you like them tall and in great shape). The place was pretty packed, but we still found ourselves some good seats. If you go later in the evening (11 P.M.+), the crowd dies out a bit, as I think everyone heads over to Seville's. I didn't get a chance to try their pizza (because my fat-ass didn't need to eat ANY MORE this vacation), but I heard it's some of the best in P-Cola.
Hesitated to give a 4, but the beer selection is awesome, and I mean awesome. It's loud (L O U D)when it's busy- so try a Saturday afternoon or Sunday afternoon and it is at a tolerable noise level. It's so loud at first I thought, crap- I've gotten old- turn the rock music down- but I've heard others younger than me say the same. The pizza is good at least the ones we have tried. There is a veggie one I like, the cheese one, the white one, the garlic one... They don't taste like Pizza Hut if that's what you are after. They have great happy hour specials, their martinis are GOOD and they have some nice originals they make- I'm a dirty vodka martini kind of gal- and theirs is spot on (and yes, you can make a bad one, just try Applebee's or Red Lobster, just saying). The fries are fun, they compliment beer! The bacon dip is frigging heart clogging delicious, their chef salad is one of my favorites (huge!), but the wings and skewers- don't bother. Ciders, porters and lagers- oh my!
Went here to eat before exploring gallery night.  I had their version of barbeque in a wrap or something...since I don't really remember it clearly I wasn't impressed.  The brie drip was great, but I can make that myself.  Waitress wasn't the best, atmosphere was a wannabe college type dive bar, but the place was overrun with women that clearly didn't get the memo about SPF, wearing age inappropriate attire.  I'm all about flaunting it if you've got it, but these older ladies most certainly did not have it.
They do have a pretty good beer selection, which is why they got two stars. The wings were terrible. It's the whole wing and the sauce was watery.  The pizza wasn't much better. Just meh.  I asked the cabbie to take me to a sports bar and he brought me here. It comes off as more of a dive bar than anything else. I asked the bartender if she would put the tournament on and she had no idea what I was talking about.
This review will just be for the Beer and Bar Aspect of Hopjack's because we already had Lunch Plans at Hub Stacey's...really thought the menu looked good though, as it had a lot of excellent sounding pizzas and of course their famous French Fries fried in Duck Fat...will get those next time for sure..as for the Beer; well Hopjacks is like walking into Beer Nirvana....110+ Taps...several hundred bottles...very few of them crappy varieties from BMC...no out of this world rarities; but nothing to scoff at either...had a good Bartender who knew his Beers and is a Brewer himself so we struck up a pretty good conversation over the first pint...he then says "hey I think we got a keg of Stone Sublimely Self Righteous in today; you mind if I leave the bar to go tap it?"...well that's like asking me "do you mind if I deposit 500 bucks in your checking account?!!"..being a huge Stone Fan I said Tap Away!!...got even better when on the bill they only charge 4.75 a pint for it..only stayed for a couple, but easily could have made a day and night out of it sampling the taps...a beer bar with great  selection and awesome prices in the historic part of downtown Pensacola is a solid stop anytime you are in the area...Hopjack's in honor of you all being in a Military Town I will quote liberally from MacArthur.."I shall return"
sooo where do all the pcola people go?  i mean the streets at night are empty...and there is no one cool around... on a wintry 55 degree night, me and my girl barbara met at this pizza/bar spot.  i didn't know what to expect since i am just visiting.  to my wonderful surprise this place hit the spot. considering i just had a little one 7 weeks ago, i haven't had a bevie in ages.  so we came out on a Tuesday night which is 3 buck night on anything.  beers, cocktails, you name it!  i got  a greygoose and soda for 3 bucks.  yes LA!!  can you believe it!!!  amazing deal, but still not worth moving here.  haha! the bartenders were great.  happy, helpful, and super fly.  hehe! one of them asked my girls for their number last night.  so the two of them put a bunch of jumbled numbers together and told him to break the code!  so awesome!  i love these girls.   def check it out if you are in town or live here.  has the cozy regular neighborhood bar feel.
I give them 5 stars for the duck fat fries alone!! Yummy!!! Everything else is mediocre at best!!
Food is good. However, avoid this place like the plague on Friday nights . The service I received last time was terrible. It's loud and noisy on Fridays too. But on other nights its a pretty cool place to visit.
My friend and I tried to go here on the first night.  We walked in and walked right back out.  The smell was AWFUL!  It was a mix of smelly socks and vomit.  Ick.  The lighting was also off.  Wayyyyyy too bright for a bar.  I'm not going to write it off completely, but plan to give them plenty of time to iron out some issues before giving it another go....
Another hot popular place that serves awful food service dough.  Oh yeah, putting tenderloin on it makes it better.  What a waste.  No wonder the gulf coast has so few pizza options with places like this setting the standards. It is a fun place to hang out, but the only other two items I have tried here were the fries which were decent (but not legendary), and Asian chicken skewers that were not fully cooked.  Frightening!
Awesome place to be. I LOVE their fries they are fried in duck fat and it's amazing, their beer selection is wonderful.  Pizza is great And the owner is a really nice guy
I have three criteria for a good bar. 1) Good Bartender 2) Cheap beer 3) Good atmosphere.   Without a doubt the best bartender I have had in years.  Awesome beer now I need to try the food.
Hopjacks makes a killer "butcher block" pizza. This is definitely one of their signature pies. There is actual filet mignon right on the pizza baked in as a topping. Wow. Seriously yummy.
This place has magic duck fat fries and pizza.  It also has a cheap happy hour for those of us over 25 but under 40.  The vibe is both townie and tongue-in-cheek metropolitan (for non-local folk looking for a place to belong).  I'll cheerfully be back anytime I'm in Pensacola.
One star is far too generous for this place. The duck pizza,as stated in another review, was lousy - couldn't tell if it was "duck" or pigeon - burnt thin crust with a very poor sauce.  The duck fries were no different than a well-breaded clothespin.
.....this place is very inconsistent..came back and actually liked our pepperoni and jalapeno pizza..not burnt at all this time, I guess we caught the cook on a good night, if it werent for my bf, Id probably never come here, but he loves the many beer choices...had the fries again too....mmm soooo good. I guess to me,  Hopjacks is like Walmart...I dont really wanna go inside, but when I leave, I felt like I had a good time...
Been here a couple of times. Service is decent. The place is usually busy. Good beer selection! Dont be confused, this is a PIZZA place. You must try the pizza with filet mignon. I believe its called the Butcher Block. You cant go wrong with that one. Its delicious! So stop reading and go get the damn pizza!
This place has dozens and dozens and dozens of beers on tap. And just as many in bottles. AWESOME!
Love this place! Great music, beer, and the butchers block pizza is awesome!
Good food, great drinks and always a great crowd. The Butcher Block Pizza is my favorite when I go. The staff is pretty normal and attentive.
Great Pizza and appetizer selection. Huge beer selection on hand to choose from. The staff is friendly, courtious and provides quick service. Right on the Marigra parade route. You'll have a blast here.
Great beer, good music, and what looked like pretty good food.
This is a bar first and foremost. Don't go thinking that you are going to arrive at a 5 star venue. It's a bar. With that said, the food, and beer, is great. We had the butcher block pizza and it was delicious. The belgium fries were ok but I had higher hopes. They were french fries...how hard is that to screw up? The beer selection is very large. You won't be dissappointed with the food or beer.
Definitely a cool place. I went here for lunch with a friend for a pie and a few pints. I asked the waitress about the pizza and found out that their dough is pre-made, but they do make their sauce fresh daily.  The toppings were delicious and the beer, of course, was plentiful. The service however lacked, though I'm sure it's better during prime hours.
Great stop off for a quick snack & drinks with friends.
Wonderful drinks and food!  Consistently attentive service. Always love coming to this location... Great atmosphere with fun people. Good date destination as well.
Very lush pizza, excellent beer selection, amusing decor, and all after midnight. Best late-night eats we've found in Pensacola (so far!), and friendly staff. If you need food at odd hours, this is a colorful place to get a tasty pizza that weighs five pounds (yeah, I know, the carpet is scary and the place is a noisy cave, and yeah the dough could age a bit, but you know what, at midnight these concerns are not so very off-putting). We had enough left over for two more meals... Enjoy!
Ok, so I was in Pensacola, the place of my birth, for the holidays and my friend and I decided to go to this place because we'd been there before and it wasn't bad. Arguably one of the better places to go in downtown Pensacola-but that's not saying much....it's Pensacola. The fries are good-I mean-if you fry something in duckfat that kinda has to make it automatically good..right?...either way-they're worth trying. They seem to have a decent list of beers-for the area it would seem like they've gone all out but if you're a roving beer junkie it will just look like home. The pizzas can be good, the first two on the list were the best; meat-o-rama or something like that-it's got steak, the other was a combo meat pizza both were super good. We went back the next day because...well there's nothing else to do in Pcola and I had the margherita pizza which was only fair. I have to say on a Saturday night it was kinda crowded, they had an overly terrible band playing and service was near impossible to get and we had to be wristbanded at the door as if it were Studio 54. Overall I'd say it's an ok place to get a decent beer and have an ok pizza. Avoid Saturday night unless you're looking to be Pensacola cool.
Wish I could tell you what the pizza and the beer was like.  Unfortunately, after waiting for ten minutes for someone to acknowledge our table, we left.  The fact that felt like an oven inside didn't keep us glued to our seats.  It was SO hot and humid *INSIDE* that the floor was as slippery as ice.  We didn't even bother.  Would love to try it on my next trip to Pensacola to see if the pizza is all it's cracked up to be.  Would love for it to be even remotely comfortable inside when I go back.
Not only are there 98 bottled beers but 112 on tap! The pizza is unique & is well worth trying something different, like the crawfish one. The help is friendly
If you have already been to hopjacks and love it, you should take a trip to Portland, OR because that is what alot of our bars are like back home. But there is one difference, hopjacks is better.  The pizza is amazing and worth every penny.  And the beer selection is amazing its over 100 beers deep. I just sit down grab the beer menu close my eyes and point and one minute later i'm drinking some cold beverage that was shipped from half way around the world. Not a bad way to spend an evening.
This bar is "ok" to say the very least. I like it, but there are way better places around Pensacola. I like three dollar holler, I mean thats not bad, but like the other guy said people go there to be "seen", and usually the people that come here are douchey! Foods ok, lots of beer to choose from, just the atmosphere is just douchey!
Great place to drink with an impressive beer tap selection on top of an already impressive bottled collection.  This place is great for drinking, but incidentally has great pizzas for when you get hungry.  Definitely a good place to unwind and have a conversation if there isn't a band playing.
Ok pizza, overpriced, great beer, but horrible service. Waited over an hour for pizza, and drinks took 20 minutes or so. The staff is rude, and when you ask for something the staff acts like they're doing you a favor. Great beer though.
Good pizza and an fantastic beer selection. It can be a bit too crowded weekend nights but during the week it has a good neighborhood bar vibe. It Definitely could use some better televisions for game watching.
So good!  Chill atmosphere. $3 drinks and delicious, unique pizza!  We went back a second time on our vacation.  The salads were a litlle overpriced, but everything else I felt was reasonable.  Great beer selection!
Having spent a great deal of my life enjoying pizza, fries and bars I assure you that if you bring your good attitude to Hopjacks you will have a good time.  It may be crowded, it will be noisy, people may check you out as people in bars do.  I've never had a bad time.  It's a bonus that the pizza is good and the fries are...damn.   I try personally not to follow the temptations of drink specials or whatever since I corrupt easily, but Hopjacks has quite a few good ideas if you need prodding.  This is one of the best bars around, and it is authentic.
This place has a TON of on tab beers and some pretty darn good food to boot. Fries we're some of the best I've had in a while.
Food has a variety and is tasty.  Beer is of a solid variety and has good specials.  Waiters are quick.
Apparently people like over paying for beer and PIZZA. Now we all know a pizza is nothing more than some dough and a few toppings. I paid $22 for a pizza that couldn't fill up 3 adults. (Georgio's pizza blows this place away). Beers were supposed to be on a special that night but I think we got screwed on that too...The bill for a few beers and a pizza was FIFTY BUCKS without tip. $60 with tip. Unreal. You know how many pizzas and how much beer I can buy at the grocery store for $60? A WHOLE LOT! Hell, I could have made us all filet mignon on the grill for what a PIZZA cost at Hopjacks. As much as they charge you think they could turn the AC on. The place was hot as heck and people were sweating at our table. Wasn't impressed at all. Next time I want a pizza and some beer I will order Pizza Hut and swing by and get a 12 pack and SAVE $40! Oh yea and tried the fries...OVERRATED IF YOU ASK ME! If you think this place deserves 5 stars then you probably think Burger King has a great burger too!
Do not order the caesar wrap.
Pizza was just fair.  Fries tasted burnt like the oil needed to be changed.  Service was terrible.  I think our Server's ultra tight super cool jeans were uncomfortable because he did not smile once.  This is the type of night club where everyone is trying way to hard and no one is being themself.  The place tries to hard to be cool and not hard enough to make good food.  It is a pure night club and I would not recommend bringing your family.  The place has a really good name but after that it's all down hill.
While the beer selection rocks and most the staff are friendly, the place could use a lesson in customer service. I had the extreme displeasure of witnessing an interaction between a server named Courtney and a customer who was waiting in line to use the one restroom in the restaurant. The place needs more restrooms and needs to teach the likes of Courtney that walking to the front of the line and telling a paying customer that employees have the right of way and to "deal with it" is completely unacceptable. On top of that Courtney proceeded to advise the customer if she didn't like that she could go somewhere else. The customer did go and took her table of five with her. The situation could have been handled so much more professionally. The food is so so, beer is available in many places. If management continues to allow their employees to treat the very people who pay the salaries of said workers poorly, they can expect to lose a lot of business.
First of all, in regards to the one star review, that review should be revised. They have obviously changed a lot since '08. Maybe they saw your review and took it to heart, ya never know. We visited here on the recommendation of the locals. Everyone told us to try the butcher block pizza. But when we saw the Brie, Bacon, and Artichoke dip, our minds switched into a different mode. We weren't too hungry to begin with though. We also ordered the skewer sampler (portobello skewers, chicken skewers, shrimp skewers, and steak skewers - two of each). Both of these dishes were fantastic! The couples bookending our table had pizzas and they looked and smelled equally appetizing. The beer selection was far superior to anything Destin has to offer. Nice atmosphere. Dimly lit, smelled like a pizza parlor. We have to go back to Pensacola in a few weeks. We have already decided to swing back by for a butchers block.
For beer I would give it 5 stars.  Excellent selection including IPAs.  The pizza is average to above average but over priced.
Great place, lots of beer on tap, great pizza, live music.  Fun place to get beers and pizza!
Great Atmosphere. Great Pizza. They also have tons of different kinds of beer on tap and in the bottle. There is also a live band on the weekends.
To many douchbags hangout there the same old wanna be power drinkers that cannot hold their beer
WOW THIS PLACE ROCKS! Nestled comfortably in downtown Pensacola, Hopjacks is a pizza lovers Valhalla! The waitstaff is totally on point, never leaving their patrons beerless.  They have a vast bottle and tap beer menu along with great beer/whiskey combos. Pizza is their signature dish with many specialty selections and sizes. However... in my opinion, the Belgium Fries (cooked in duck fat) are the sickest side I have EVER had.  The seasoning and flavor pop in your mouth. They are accompanied by a Garlic Herb Aioli to die for.  Together the best side or app you could ask for. If your anywhere remotely close to downtown Pensacola, please don't pass on this place. It truly is a wonderful culinary experience and please try the Belgian Duck Fat Fries.  Yummy yummy!!!
First off, food is great, beer selection is huge and awesome. Service could use some work. Wife and I went in and they must have been severely undermanned. We sat for roughly 30mins before our order was taken, even after we had gotten a hold of a waitress. Then, while ordering I asked to have all the food come out at the same time and was told "I'm sorry, I can't control when it all comes out, it'll be ready whenever the food runner brings it." 30mins later, my beer arrives as well as my wife's drink but they forgot her water (that came about 10mins later) 20mins later my wife's salad arrives but it's the wrong one. We are promised that it's no big deal and it should be ready in 5mins. 10mins later my pizza arrives but no salad for my wife. We wait for her salad that doesn't come. 15mins later, we cancel the salad because my pizza is cold and my wife just wants to be done with this place. Again, my only complaint is the fact that we waited for so long to even be noticed and then waited seemingly forever for our food.
Best pizza I've ever had. Awesome beer selection. Great prices!!!!!
There were so many things wrong with my visit where do I start. Well I came into the establishment where a party of maybe 10 military men were leaving and the only customers left were a party of 4 that came in after me, a gentle man that were there before me, four people sitting outside and myself. Mind you that everyone inside was sitting at the bar so there were no people at tables. The customer service was horrible for there only being 10 people total in the place with 2 waiters working. I sat at the bar for about 5 minutes before Farren came to ask me what I wanted. I barely told her because she was in such a rush to wait on 6 people. and she shouted back at me my total as she immediately went over to take the party of four that came in AFTER me order. I notice that Farren takes her time with this party and she is able to answer all the questions they have. Maybe 7 minutes later she comes back and takes my card to ring out my purchase. So I am thinking my food is ready ( I only ordered fries) but that is not the case. She just decides to ring out my order. So I am waiting another 5-8 minutes when I see some fries in the window are ready. But they are not my fries, they are the fries for the party that came in after me. So not only did I not get waited on like the other party but apparently the order you get served is not the order that you receive your order even though I put in an order for the same exact thing. When I do receive my order it is HALF the size of what it is normally. I also asked for two of the specialty sauces but as you can see from the photo one is ranch and one is the specialty sauce. What does this say about HopJacks? I understand that HopJacks is a bar, that just so happens to have bands and entertainment. But I came into Hopjacks in the middle of the day for a reason. And that reason was not be treated as if I was at a night bar. I am a young African American woman that came into an establishment for lunch that got terrible service and food. I am not going to play this "race-card" because most people that do not experience racism mainly do not understand how it feels to be treated unequally therefore get offended when a black person like myself, comes into an all white establishment. But I will tell you that I was the ONLY person in that establishment that did not get the same service. And I am highly disgusted or I would not have written this email. I spent my money on your product and received cold, hard fries along with a cold attitude from Farren. I would have corrected this issue at the establishment at the moment it happened but how could I when the server obvious carried more about that party of 4, right? I would like a full refund on my purchase and also a chance to talk to the manager of that establishment. Don't worry, I already called to see if I could speak with a manager at the establishment the incident took place but guess what happened? During the process of giving me the next time when the manager was coming in I got hung up on. Wow, Hopjack's customer service is the best.
Will never go back for food...I'm shocked they even have PIZZA in the tiltle. There is no disinct taste for the sauce, and the dough is horrible. This place can not compete with Skies nor Tuscan. If you want to just have a drink...good environment. Otherwise, you will be significantly disappointed with the food.
Do not get the "pretzels" wow so awful. Beer cheese way too much garlic and dough doesn't get boiled in baking soda to give it that browning outside when baked just wow :/ the rest of the food I've tried is on point but just avoid these until they change it.
Granted I went on gallery night, but all day I had been craving wings and I wanted to go out for a few beers and enjoy the evening afterwards on palafox. Since I've never been here I called early in the day and asked if they had hot wings since I had only ever heard about basically specialty pizzas there, I'm like awesome! My man can do the pita flatbread trendy pizza thing or whatever all that stuff is and I want to chow on some wings, perfect! I get there and there was only an option of 4 flavors, none of which were hot. Ok. Annnnnd there's only 4. Damn that stinks. Ok. Teeny bit bummed I'll think it over and look at the rest of the menu and order a beer. The beer I wanted, they just ran out of. On galley night of all nights? Ok. I ask, you have a full bar right? And she points behind me with a fierce frustrating attitude and says "um yeah... Right there" OK bitch. I'll take a shot of Hennessy straight , please. We don't have Hennessy. Ok. This was the point that I got severely agitated because of the way she was so careless and rushy to the point of my skin boiling that I said ill just take the buffalo wings please and I walked out and across the street to buy a shot of Hennessy. I actually took a double shot of Hennessy, smoked a cigarette, went back. Talked to my guy and we decided start over and hope the foods good. Well, wings came out and they were giant and they were delicious even though they weren't spicy they were cooked perfectly!!! I wanted to order more but our sever was so not sweet that we just decided to go but I definitely enjoyed them, my man was very pleased as well with his pepperoni whatever it was that he was eating. It won't kill me to never come here again.
I love me some cray cray at the jack of hops. They've actually improved their late-night turnaround time considerably... Which is great, because where the duck else can you get a roasted fuck pizza at 1am? The guy who waited on me was beyond hot...He ways pretty much smoking in those skintight leopard running pants. Kudos to the boss for encouraging diversity in the workplace! The way he twerked that thang really made me feel included.... I think he also stole my pizza and ate it with his friends, but I hardly noticed because...he was that hot. No really...that's just what she said...
Complete agreement. Attn foodies: go for the duck fat fries or Belgian fries as the menu had them listed. Excellent beer selection. Very crowded, but fun atmosphere. Loved that you could just find a couple chairs at the long bar instead of waiting for a separate table. Caribbean Jerk Pizza was good as well.
This is a bar so you can't expect awesome service. Go into your visit here with that mindset and you'll be fine. all of their pizzas are absolutely delicious! Can't go wrong here.
Fries made in duck fat and well made Long Islands. Also, the pizza isn't bad. They have a large selection of draft beers for any taste preference. Staff is knowledgable and very interactive.
GREAT beer selection, mediocre food, god forbid if you have to deal with any of their managers... St. Pat's 2009: beers with friends. It got late, manager began helping with door. I showed door guy my I.D., passed it to the manager, he denounced it FAKE! Then he REFUSED to give back my "fake" I.D.. I was calling the cops, but manager offered to do so for me because he was SURE it was fake. Cops came: HUGE crowd outside watching me and the manager exchange insults about who would have the last laugh. I was absolutely MORTIFIED! Police took and looked at my license, ran it, verified its authenticity. My hairstyle changed since my I.D.  pic was taken. Manager THEN insisted it wasn't me. I lifted my bangs for the police. "Yup, it's her, just different hair", the police handed back my driver's license. 3 years later... Got hassled and refused service by the manager AGAIN. This time  because of my Native American I.D., ***that I use at the AIRPORT to get through TSA security check points. If you are a white male from Florida, someone who they can identify with, go here for the beer. If you are different in anyway, they might wrongfuly call the cops on you and  embarrass the crap out of you (and themselves) or insult where you are from.
The place was cool inside. The staff was nice and the place has a nice beer selection.  The pizza menu was unique and interesting.  I tried the Filet Mignon pizza. It was not that great. The dough was not all the way ccoked and the pizza had that doughy taste. The brie dip was really good. Other than the pizza being mediocre,  the place pretty cool and I would return for the appetizers and beer and to see some live music.
Great little bar in downtown with outstanding brews, terrific pizzas and totally awesome duck fat fries.  Great staff and service, great town.   PCOLA has become very hip thanks to places like this. I stop in whenever I get the chance to visit.  Love it.
The $5 sausage/peppers wrap was a good bargain. The Pensacola Bay Brewery Lil Napoleon was great! It's kinda divey, more suited for saturday night out with the fellas than lunch.
just judging on the pizza. Imagine if you made toast. then put pizza on top of it. boom there you go. just so much whatever. f you're a weekend warrior you'll think this is a "fun" atmosphere.
Awesome pizza.  Huge beer selection.  DUCK FAT FRIES.  This is a great bar in a great location in downtown Pensacola.  I love the Butcher Block pizza; it's colon-killing toppings are almost as cool as its quasi-dangerous name.  Or the Mexican Breakfast Pizza, which has scrambled eggs, chorizo and salsa on it.  And try the Herb Roasted Duck pizza, whose toppings are singularly self-explanatory. They also have pita-fold sandwiches and salads (which I'm gonna guess is gluten free for you other P.I.T.A. people), so there's not excuse for not eating here.  They have a fantastic beer selection, full bar, TVs for The Game and daily specials.  Boom.
3 stars because they have an awesome beer selection. The food is lack luster. I would not go here to eat. The pizza is soggy in the middle and the crust has no flavor.
I don't know why people think this place is so good. Our pizza was not good.  Tasted close to a frozen pizza you could get at the grocery.  Won't go again.
I have been here a couple of times and have enjoyed everything I have eaten, however, the noise level is reeeediculous! There were possibly 15-20 people in the place but it sounded more like 150. The wait staff are friendly and efficient. If you can get past not talking to the people you are with, try the steak dinner pizza. Delicious!
So overrated. Their pizza is awful. I've been several times. Each time convinced I just had a bad experience last time, not the case. If you like watery sauce and chewy undercooked dough then you'll love their pizza. Helenback is right next door and they know how pizza should taste. No wonder this place is so worried about competition moving in. I would be too if I sold mediocre food and depended on my fries.
I am obsessed with the white pizza with roasted garlic. The beer selection, though, is what really drives us here. It is unmatched by even WOB ... and there is food!  The restaurant is a bit dark for my taste, but it's worth it for some hard to find beer and great pizza.
Ordered two beers from their suprisingly expansive beer menu! (coming from a Seattleite) and we got a roasted duck, artichoke, wild mushroom pizza! So good! Outdoor seating and great service sealed the deal. Will definitely return!
Dark Divey Bar with mediocre pizza.  This place is located in Downtown district, so parking is very limited unless you go on a weekday. Seat yourself only. Outside curb seating and back patio area available. Bartender and staff are friendly and attentive (for a weekday..not sure about busy weekends).  Pizza is mediocre at best. Dough is flat, dry and flavorless and a bit undercooked. Toppings are at least fresh but for $16+ for a large I would hope so. Their famous Duck fat Belgian fries are tasty with unique flavor...the accompanying white dipping sauce makes them better. Impressive Beer selection with 112 on Tap, bottled beer and interesting Hop Blends and Bombs. They have weekly specials so check out their website.  Live music on Fri/Sat. Final Note: This is downtown so you will find your usual panhandlers, bums and loiterers later during the night.  One guy asked for money so he could get some grub. I offered my leftover pizza, and he wouldn't take it!  This happened twice!!...haha
I no longer live in Pensacola, but often I crave their delicious pizza and duck fat fries. The Razzle Dazzle drink I've attempted to recreate myself but it's just not the same! The atmosphere is great... wish I could give Hopjacks 6 stars!
Honestly, the 9-Mile Hopjacks is more my scene, but I met an old friend downtown for a few drinks the other night. Unlike the clean, bright ambiance of the 9-Mile location, the Palafox Hopjacks is dark and almost "divey" - it has a bit of a college bar feel (even though it's nowhere near the University!) Our server was absolutely fantastic - she struck that delicate balance between never having us wait for service, yet not being overbearing. After having a few incredibly awesome California IPAs from their epic beer list, I indulged in the pulled pork pita sandwich with their famous duck fat fries. It really hit the spot...and had me running a few extra miles the next morning. Yes, it was absolutely worth it! I had to dock it one star (it would only be a half-star if I had the option) because of the darkness and noise, but I realize that sort of scene appeals to some people. If you have a taste for GOOD beer (not that Fizzy Yellow Stuff) and quality pizza/pitas, you've got to hit up Hopjacks.
Hopjacks was recommended to myself and my girlfriend to visit on a trip to Pensacola. I usually want to try different/unique things, so I had to try the duck fat fries and the duck/artichoke pizza at the same time. I was not disappointed. Would definitely recommend if you're the type to try new things. If you have ever drank beer, they will have something you will like. The selection is massive, and I actually had trouble deciding simply because I was afraid I'd miss out on something better! We went on a Sunday late afternoon, and the atmosphere was a little dull, but that's to be expected. Regardless, the staff was attentive and friendly, and had recommendations for new customers.
-Extensive Beer List (over 100 beers on tap) -Delicious pita folds!!! -Happy hour every night of the week -Live music on the weekends -Must try the dessert fries! YUM!
Holy draft beer selection, Batman! Lemme tell yah, as a resident of a metropolis, the 15th or 16th largest city in the US, I should not be coming down to a city of 300,000 people and envying the draft beer selection of one of their downtown watering holes/restaurants. That's not to say Pcola shouldn't have a downtown joint with 150+ different beers, it's to say "why the fuck doesn't my town have anything like this downtown?" Columbus has one place that comes close[1], but it is overrun with and operated by complete morons and asshats. And it's draft selection is still dwarfed by the selection at Hopjack's (whose clientele are far more tolerable). I've been thinking Pcola would be a nice place to relocate, and if there were only a job as good as or better than my gig back home, Hopjack's might well seal the deal. Now, my friend and I were here during the mid afternoon, from like 2 or 3 til a bit after 5. I notice a lot of lower star ratings, although I didn't take the time to read them. Only a recovering alcoholic would complain about the beer selection so I have to assume the low ratings stem from service or food quality. So maybe the time of visit played a role, but I found both to be pretty impeccable. I was stoked by the vegetarian options on the menu, and our server was a delight. We had the hummus plate and the southwest veggie pizza. The hummus was scrumptious, only aided by the sun-dried tomatoes draped across the top of the heap. The pizza featured "beef" TVP, which we can't even get up north (well, maybe one or two places[2]), but I've always found the south to offer a better array of fake meat options (basically stuck with tofu above the mason-dixon, for whatever reason).  Consider yourselves lucky, Pcola. *Jealous* [1] yelp.com/biz/bodega-cafe… [2] yelp.com/biz/z-pizza-col…
Visited Pensacola for a friends wedding, and found this great place in the heart of Pensacola.  Atmosphere was amazing!  Artwork that was being sold decorated the restaurant of the locals.  Decided to try their Brie Pita, and fries...best decision!!  The Brie with the apricots, and honey were a perfect combo.  It was so amazing, and I can't wait to come back again.  Fries were cooked perfect, and the honey with it from the Brie made them better.  Must visit!
I Have no idea why so many people seem to like Hopjacks and it is always so busy. Went last night and although I'm 27 I didn't have my ID on me and the bouncer at the door just swiped huge x's on my hands with sharpie... awesome I had to scrub forever before trying to look professional this morning. So definitely bring your ID even if you're not planning to drink. Of course that is what you do when there are so many beers on tap (I was with friends) but when we went in the hostess told us to just "find a free table" of which there were zero. So we finally sat down at one which had really old looking pizza, dirty glasses, and five checks and sort of stacked the mess and waited 20 minutes for a server to come clear it. She was clearly frazzled and super busy but they should have more people on hand- every time I have been it is a similar story. Finally my friend ordered a personal pizza and when it finally arrived it looked like something you would help a small child "make". Premade looking dough crust with tomato paste and some mozarella. I think this place is always too loud, dirty and full of drunk idiots. I much prefer the Pensacola Bay Brewery or even McGuires for a good beer. Ozone is much much better on both the beer and the pizza, plus it has good atmosphere. On Palafox alone I can think of other places that are better- Leisure Club has a selection of craft beers, Jaco's has a great bar and flatbreads.Just be warned if it's good beer and pizza you're looking for go elsewhere. If you like the raucous crowd of people who just like pretending they know something about beer go to Hopjacks.
Hopjacks is one of the most over-rated bars in Pensacola. Everyone goes there because it's the place to be "seen" I go to bars for the atmosphere, people, and good drinks...not to stare at a bunch of douches drinking over-priced belgium beer. The seating inside is much akin to lunch room set up, three long stretches of tables and bar that go from the front of the building to the back. Awkward cafeteria seats on the sides and no room for anything else. There are no pool tables, no arcade machines, not even a friggin dart board. This wouldn't be a problem if you could actually talk to the people you came with, but the music, always the trendiest of tracks, is blasting so loud you can't hear the person next to you. And the food...jesus. The duck-fat fried fries are awesome, I have to admit. But they're marketing themselves as a bar // pizza place. If your pizza is one of your selling point, it better be decent at least. We ordered their duck and artichoke heart pizza, which sounded very promising. I couldn't tell one chunk from another, bland and extremely disappointing.   If you're impressed but lots of beer (over 110 kinds) trendy looking twenty-somethings, can make a meal of fries, and have plenty of expendable income, congrats...this lame place is for you. For all the rest of you...meet me @ the Z
Five stars for the beers on tap, which number over 110 at the moment.   Three stars for the pizza, which is sub-par.  I've tried it at least 6 times and the crust is always disappointing...hard, not crispy, like the dough was old and the yeast had died before baking.  The toppings are quality, but that crust just doesn't make it worth the cost to buy a pizza at Hopjacks.  The only thing that I can stand eating there is a wrap or the Belgian fries, which are cooked in duck fat. The place is undergoing some renovation work at this time, and there are port-a-johns out back.  The tap wall has been expanded and the bathrooms are getting a make-over that was long overdue. Regardless of my pan of the pizza (heh!) here, Hopjacks is a favorite hangout.  The live music is eclectic and not monotonous, and it's not usually so loud that you can't have a conversation without a megaphone.
So, I'll start with the good points. There is a plethora of beers on tap, including a lot of good local beers. The atmosphere was typical of any bar with "beer garden" style seating down the center of the room. It is certainly a good place to kick back a pint or two. I would definitely not recommend this place if you have even the slightest inclination to grab a bite to eat. The pizza was deplorable. We (my buddy and I) got a half veggie greek and half black and blue. I would have rather eaten Elio's Pizza from my high school lunch line. The sauce was watered down, and the dough was under cooked. There are far superior places to go to on Palifox. WOB or Tin Cow are both great options. They have great beer selections, and tin cow has good food with a unique ordering process.
Beer emporiums seem to be gaining a lot of popularity these days, and this one's no different. The drink menu is extensive, though I don't think quite as big as Flying Saucer. Standard pub fare. We had pizza and wings. The former was good and the latter was just average. Overall though we had a good time.
I'm 22 now and it's still my favorite spot downtown! You don't usually get friendly bartenders at other bars, but at Hopjack's you get great service all the time. They still have live music and create a fun, welcoming atmosphere. This place is a MUST if you're in Pensacola!
Ok, I'm a little concerned about my review in accordance with others that are so bad! I chose to write this solely based on HopJack's unique culinary perspective. I understand that some reviewers had bad service, I wasn't one. And, as for ambiance, well it's in a old dingy building, so that's what your going to get. My feeling is if HopJacks was in a well lit, swanky, Euro-designed, modern building with techno lights and i-PAD's to order your food, you would find this place in New York, or LA, but alas if you pretend your in Prague looking out over the Vltava river, then HopJack's fit's perfect in Pensacola's , but you'll be looking out over the Vltava , you'll be looking at Palafox St. As far as the beers are concerned, this is a beer Mecca, and the bartender she new her beers. I wish HopJack's was a closer drive, as I'd drop in all the time, just to drink down the line. A duck fat french fry in one hand and a Duck Head Beer in the other. Speaking of Duck Fat, this is the uniqueness I speak of in there culinary skills, a duck fat fried French fry is like a Ferrari suspension, yes it makes a difference. These are the things that elevate HopJacks, there pizza toppings are also tops and a huge draw for my confused pallet, from duck breast, chorizo sausage and banana peppers, I'd love to see clam's and Foie Gras, or a whole wheat crust, but to know avail. I was really tummy happy with duck breast so I'll just pry to Buddha for a Foie Gras hit! So go pretend your gazing at the Vltava River in Prague eating a Euro-Pizza, staring at those Chez girls gone wild! Then for those who had bad reviews suddenly you'll see your stars!
We read the menu and some of the reviews so we decided to eat here prior to the Pensacola Christmas Parade. We originate from Chicago and so we are experienced in pizza. They brag about pizza that was only ok. The crust they make fresh every day they say. maybe they should let it rest a day and develop some flavor. We ordered 16 inch with Italian sausage, pepperoni and onions, a classic combo that came in at $20.75 for a blah crust, sauce, meat and all round. On a bright note the Belgian fries (double fried in duck fat) $5.75 were great and the duck Caesar salad  $6.25 we shared was also good, not great but good. They have a nice selection of beers @ $4 - $5 average. Too many other great places to eat in Pensacola to waste our money here again. Service was good but bathrooms were nasty.
On a recommendation from a friend, I came just for the duck fat fries. I figured I'd either have congenital heart failure, or love them (possibly both, and I love a risk). They were tasty! Unfortunately, over-salted...but the fries themselves were delightfully crunchy. I also had some "Asian" skewers, which is to say I had some steak, shrimp, and duck pierced on a piece of wood. The skewers were just average, nothing beyond what you'd expect out of what I just described, and also salty. Today was 1/2 price drafts, of which they have 112 or 121 or some other combination that dyslexia won't allow me to recall. By any measure, it's an ass-ton of beers. Would eat again, but would wait a while until I try many other places.
Hopjacks is has four parts of amazing that will make your night in downtown Pensacola. With one part pizza, two parts beer and one part live music you can't go wrong. It may get a bit crowded at times but if you're patient and share your night with friends it won't be anything less than fantastic. - Prime downtown location - Easy parking north by the basilica - Crowded at night - Live music - Specialty brews - Belgian fries, gotta try 'em - Daily specials and drink/food discounts I've never been to a taproom slash pizza joint that people steal the glass cups from just to commemorate their experience before Hopjacks. Granted, they have a sick pirate ship on them but you can buy a glass for $1 they are getting stolen so often. While you might visit Hopjacks for music or atmosphere, their saving grace is discounted beer and specialty brews. Almost their entire selection (111 on tap!) is craft with a good mixture of macro brews. They offer some tasty black and tan blended beer. Not a beer guy you say? That's OK, you can get all foo foo with infused vodka too. My favorite drink in this area is the Rogue DOUBLE Dead Guy ($7.25) which is a strong ale at 9%. This beer goes perfectly with pizza or even Belgian fries with it's rich taste. The Belgian fries ($5.75) are said to be fresh cut and fried in duck fat but I could only pick out the roasted garlic from the dip I smothered them in. By themselves they are more average than a high school math teacher but with dip they become that cool math teacher that drives a 1962 Shelby Cobra. Once you get that strong garlic taste in your mouth you'll need something sweet. Hopjacks infused specialties can help you with that. My favorite combo is Pushing Daisies ($7) which contains 1/2 Rogue Dead Guy Ale w/ shot of Citrus Vodka. The combination is a bitter sweet that might empty your wallet before you get drunk but will taste great going down the ol' hatch. Swing by for a beet, the music or some pizza but be sure to stop by at least once on a weeknight to really experience downtown Pensacola. Peace, Love, Beer and Cheese.
Awesome selection of beers, great prices, good food, amazing service! Their salad was great- fresh greens, sunflower seeds, sun dried tomatoes and AMAZING soy ranch dressing.... my friends got the pizza and loved it. I tried one of their pita bread sandwiches- the bread was good but I didn't care much for the chicken... but the French fries were great.   Beers were awesome- they also do mixes and beer bombs- I tried the warm apple pie which had a cider and cinnamon snapps- tasted just like apple juice minus the sugar... the rootbeer is great too. My friend got a blueberry beer and it was awesome Our waitress was soooo sweet, she gave us great recommendations and the food and drinks came quick. We left around 9:30 right when the live music was starting... it was busy but not too crowded. All in all a great place.
111 beers on tap!!! That should be enough said but I will go a little further anyways! Pretty decent Pizza, live music and a pretty cool atmosphere! Now back to the 111 beers on tap, You get a beer menu that has some info on each beer (where its from, alcohol content, etc...) Your server will also bring you a few samples to try before you order or if your like me and just want to try them all!!! If your in the area it is 100% worth a visit.
A neighborhood bar at it's dive-y best! It's dark, there's a long bar to sit at, it gets crowded to the point where you'll literally be rubbing elbows with Pensacola's finest citizens, they have some great specialty beers that you can't find anywhere else in Pensacola, the food is tasty, and the live music is fun!  It can get a bit loud at times, so if you're trying to hold a meaningful conversation with friends you may want to go somewhere else after the live music kicks in... Easy to find, and great location!
Awesome pizza and amazing duck fries. Love this place. They have an amazing selection of beer. I recommend the baked Brie, duck fries and the Hawaiian pizza it has macadamia nuts on it. The atmosphere is so laid back .. A must when you are in pensacola
Beer selection is outstanding.  Location of Hopjacks is outstanding too. The food has been inconsistent whenever we've been; however, their Happy Hour Specials are fantastic.
MARTINIS. Always fun, and the food is pretty swell too. So much duck on the menu, which is pretty much the best part
The first thing I do when I am in a new city is look for the place with the best bar food and beer selection.Well Hopjacks is it for Pensacola! After reading reviews I had to check it out. It's generally very laid back, decent crowd with open seating and an overall chill atmosphere. Their beer menu is bigger than their food menu. They have one of the broadest beer selections I've ever seen, better than RFD in DC. Their one page food menu, however small, is filled with greatness! BEST bar pizza I have ever had. Tops any of the places in DC that once held my heart. Try the Butchers Block, or our good ol standby Pepperoni and Onion. YUMMMM. Also, their chicken wings are delicious, and abnormally large. You will question what type of bird they came from due to their size, but the taste will distract you from caring! Bartenders are great, servers as well. They all have their own individual recommendations on beer selection and they know their beers. A must see place. Even if it's how you choose to start off a night out, check it out! Oh, and they use Pandora, so the music selection is killer! They also have foosball, and a few arcade games in the back. Smoking area out front, a few outdoor tables as well.
If you are going to Gulf Shores, Orange Beach, Perdido Key, or anywhere in the area and you like good beer, good luck finding awhole lot around here. Make the short drive to Pensacola, ok maybe an hour drive, and go to Hopjacks. They have 100+ beers on tap. Check their webiste for current list. Pizza is De-Lish. Try the crawfish cajun with a Langunitas IPA.....drooooooll...... OH, and there is a HopJacks in Mobile. You could stop on your way down to the beach too. Just Sayin.
Three full stars for such an awesome beer selection. Any place that has Dogfish Head 120 on tap is a keeper. Bartenders are hit or miss. One girl was super friendly one night, invited me back to see her two nights later when she was working again - then totally ignored me when I did return. What the heck? Pita pizza was atrocious - it should be free, it's that bad. Don't believe me? Spend four bucks and see for yourself. Jalapeño Poppers dip was tasty enough but did an assault on my body that I won't soon forget. So, I fit in with my tats showing, music is totally awesome, I like the black-walled, subversive vibe and the tall brunette bartender is freakin hot as.... Just don't expect to be satisfied with your food unless you've put away a few pints first at which point anything tastes great.
Twisted Hawaiian Pizza... It's a gift to Pensacola.  She doesn't deserve it.
Awesome beer, good pizza, nice atmosphere. Service has really improved over the years. Hopjacks is Pensacola staple. I don't care how long I'm in pcola, I always make a stop. Mmm Belgium fries.
A nice little beer gem in Pensacola. They have 64 beers on tap and it is a stellar collection at that. We stopped in for a bite to eat and a drink. Went with a pizza and it took us a while to figure out which of the tasty toppings we were going to go with. Who knew corn could be so good on pizza?! The carpet grosses me out a little and the pizza took a little longer than I wanted to arrive at our table, but the service was great, the beers were perfect and the food tasted fantastic.
Kind of grungy and unenjoyable, it could be the staff with a mix of fresh out of boot camp navy kids though...
One of my favorite bars in the area.  If your looking for a special beer on tap, this is the place to go. I think they offer over 150 on tap now, plus a large selection in bottles.  This is where I find the beer I actually enjoy drinking.   I know they have good martinis (& martini specials for happy hour), if you get there early, it's nice to sit outside.   Although I've never ordered my own food there, everything I've puled off of friends plates has tasted good (primarily the pizzas and duck fat fries).  There pizzas are surprisingly really good and handmade. No cover, and some decent bands play there on the weekend. Definitely worth checking out!
If I were rating Hopjacks on their beer selection, I would give their establishment 5 stars. I'm still blown away by their tap selection; wow. If I were to include food with the beer rating, they'd get 4 stars. The food is not bad for a bar; try their famous duck-fat-french fries. However, if I were to then factor in ambiance, Hopjacks deserves 1.5 - 2 stars. The music is too loud, unless you want to drown in your cups like a proper drunk, annoyed with the conversations and socialization of living human beings. But perhaps you like your friends spitting on and screaming in your face. The lighting is also as bad as the sound levels. But like most things in life, there is a good side to Hopjacks; the small outdoor patio in the back of the restaurant. You can still hear the music, but you can audibly discuss their amazing beer selection while hanging brick side in the garden.
Wow, I feel I need to help Hopjacks out a little bit with these bad reviews! Now, I haven't actually eaten the food here.  However, if you're considering Hopjacks for a stop on your barhop, do it.  They have an super-extensive beer selection and most of the good stuff is on tap.  I have not been disappointed with the service... super friendly bartenders and wait staff.   I enjoy the atmosphere and the folks I've encountered at Hopjacks haven't been too weird... diverse.  Smokers have to go outside in front or on their back patio, which is cute. The live music I've encountered hasn't been the greatest, but whoever mans the stereo does a good job. Check it out!
This place has great pizza and pretty good bar food too.   Tip: They do make pizza for carryout, but you have to remember who picked up the phone and took your order, and then you have to hunt that person down when you get there, which is hard since you don't know what she looks like.  It's kind of a pain.  But the pizza is worth it.
