I've been to The Wine Bar over a dozen times and it's always excellent! The tuna is delicious. We always enjoy their cheese plate and of course the wine. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable if you need help with the wine selection. Great place!!
This is a great little place.  It has a nice ambience and a nice selecton of wines with a happy hour before 6 pm.  There are tables both inside and outside.  Service is always friendly and professional, and the food is very good.  It's a good place to have a light dinner or a glass of wine. This has become one of our favorite spots on Palafox Street.
It's wonderful to have a place for a nice glass of wine and some quality appetizers out at the beach. I visit Pensacola from Atlanta a few times a year and I always stop here to cool off, drink wine, and a snack. Over the last year or so I've tried mixed cheese plates, and the selections are always interesting and fun to pair with their changing wine selections. If you'd like a good deal they have happy hour wine specials and tastings. My girlfriend likes to wander around the attached boutique while we snack and sip wine.
The Wine Bar has a nice ambience, good value, large selection of wine, generous happy hour specials and tasty food. I think most of the food is overpriced and not incredible but it is yummy. I really like the spiced nut mixture and a lot of folks like the cheese plate but I find it incredibly generic, like something you would grab at Publix. That being said, the wine selection is great, they have a full bar, and no matter what the weather it is a pleasure to sit outside.
My beautiful lady and I stopped in early one evening for some wine and cheese as a prelude to dinner. We were able to get a table on the sidewalk alongside of Palafox, which was out of the way of most foot traffic, but afforded us a good view to people watch.  I didn't feel cramped or like I was a fish in an aquarium, as I have at some other places sitting at sidewalk tables.  The ambiance was relaxed and easy...as it should be. The 3 Cheese Tray had three different kinds of cheese (which, um, makes perfect sense).  I can't remember which varieties, but there was a sharp cheddar that was phenomenal.  Dried cherries, apricots, mangoes, and some other fruit filled the void between the piles of cheeses, while a handful of rosemary and chipotle-roasted almonds nestled in the corner of the plate.  A heavy china tray held a half-loaf of warm and chewy bread sliced into convenient discs to use as delivery vehicles for the vittles.  The tray was $15 and didn't look like much, but it was satisfying and whet my appetite for dinner. We had a couple of glasses of wine...$8.50 each.  That's more than I would generally pay for a glass of wine, but I was with my lady, so why not?  There's a moderately good selection of varietals, although they were out of my first choice.  No biggie. As Michelle noted, the staff is attentive, but not intrusive.  Our server seemed to appear at the times that we needed her.  Not that we needed her much...but when you need another glass of vino, it's good not to have to send up flares to get some attention. Nice bathroom, which I wouldn't ordinarily comment upon.  It was spotlessly clean, but the choice of soap is exemplary.  It has a faint citrus scent, which is magnitudes better than a lot of places that provide those nasty soaps that smell like a French hooker after a perfume store accident.  When I'm about to eat something with my hands, I don't want my olfactory system overwhelmed by the smell of nasty soap aroma. A great place for a 60-90 minute visit.  I couldn't imagine hanging out here all evening, but I bet some people could.
We headed here for gallery night- a great night to head to Palafox downtown. We got there early- at 5:15 and we got seats outside in the alley. The service was great. I had the chowder soup and the cheese plate and a glass of wine. I highly recommend the cheese plate. It was very filling and had a great assortment of cheeses and nuts and you can even customize the plate and add a meat for a little extra. Great place to get a quick bite with a glass of wine and spend some time in downtown Pensacola!
I recently returned to Pensacola after working on another degree in Sacramento.  I was gone for two years and was pleasantly surprised at the positive changes downtown.  Wine Bar is one of those wonderful discoveries. I first went for lunch last week, and I had the Tuscan panini.  It was TO DIE FOR!!  Service was excellent.  Price was right.  Portions were great.  Food, incredible.  Charming atmosphere. Unintentionally, I ended up there a second time last week to meet friends for dinner.  The menu is limited to sandwiches, salads, and tapas, but they don't claim to be anything more than a wine bar.  If you want a large, heavy meal for supper, don't go to Wine Bar.  We had the same waiter and ordered a couple bottles of wine.  He was quite knowledgable about the wine selection, as well as the cheeses that can be purchased inside.  Note, you can buy or bring a bottle for a $10 corkage fee, and you can also order cheeses not on the menu to be served at your table. Can't say enough good things about this place and its staff.  I look forward to another visit.
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in town. Always good food and you can't beat the location. :)
Home for Christmas, I was put in charge of getting several high school friends together to catch up.  i didn't want to go to the same old places, so Mom suggested Wine Bar on Palafox.  Now, I guess I'm really getting old if I actually take Mom's suggestions on places to go out, but this time she was right!   There were 6 of us, and it's a pretty small indoor space--though I noticed they had some patio tables as well for nice weather.  However, we got there around 7 on a Thursday night and scored a few tables...just in time.  It filled up pretty quickly after that.   Decent wine selection, and not expensive.  Two of the bottles we ordered were $22 and $29, for better than average wine (can't remember the names, unfortunately).  We ordered a cheese plate, some white bean hummus, and spiced chicken skewers (I think?) and all were delicious and just different enough to be interesting but not so different that anyone was hesitant to try.   Service was great.  Only 2 servers in the place, it was crowded, and she was on top of things all night.  We always had water and wine, and she was able to split the ticket  6 ways without any drama, which for some restaurants is impossible.   Clientele was a good mix of young professionals and middle-aged businessmen/women there for after-work drinks. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.  Great addition to downtown Pensacola!
Cute, little wine bar in downtown Pensacola.  Nice selection of wines that start around $6 a glass.  Since we had three people in our group; we ordered several carafes of wine so we could try a bunch of different bottles.  Our waiter was very attentive, we never had to wait for more wine or water. We went on a Thursday night so the bar was pretty quiet.  It looked like you could purchase cheeses and such from the deli in the front.  Will have to return to try out the food.  Overall, we had a great time!
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food/wine here, and will be going again for sure.  It's modern but cozy, and you can sit inside at the wine bar, at candlelit tables, or out in the brick walkway/alley (they have heaters for those brisk Florida winters!)   The food was delicious and well worth the price.  Some of the things we tried were: Baby Bleu Salad $7 Cuban Press Sandwich $8 Feta-Cream Cheese BLT $7 Mixed Olives $5 Rustic Baguette with Sundried Tomato Herd Spread $6 Rosemary White Bean Dip $7 Wine selection was pretty good as well, I believe they have 100+ by bottles and another 50 by glass. The prices were appropriate, ranging between 5-$15/glass. I didn't ask for any recommendations, although the staff was very friendly and patient with our indecisive group.
We went to this little wine bar after reading reviews.  We were greeted by Kaitlyn, who was very bubbly and helpful.  I asked her about gluten free options, and she knew all about them (she is also gf).  The place was very cute...we loved it right away.  We ordered a bottle of wine and one glass of white wine for my daughter who doesn't like red.  It was very reasonably priced and delicious.  They have a very good, large selection.  The food was outstanding.  We each got something different, and we liked it so much that we went back there the again for dinner 2 nights later.   Overall, the food, wine and service were great!  Kaitlyn was very attentive and made it even better.
This location has now become a valued destination for future business and non-business trips. The intimacy level was perfect for a single diner, but looked great for groups, with a cozy treatment of the interior, ... lighting was great (not too bright, not too dim),... the vibe was laid-back and casual, but refined,...and the service was helpful, friendly, and attentive. Most importantly, my "Parisian" sandwich (ham, tomato, Brie, greens and cranberry pecan compote) was cooked deliciously, served at a warm and comforting temperature, with the perfect ratio of crustiness/squishiness of the baguette, and without the usual "frills" where restaurants try too hard to make a simple sandwich more than it needs to be. I was also offered a few tastes of wines before I made my selection (Carpineto Vernaccia di San Gimignano), which I appreciated. I came early(ish) on a Monday night -experienced being the only customer, seeing a number of 'regulars' come pick up their orders, and having the seating area half full by the time I left. I was still able to get the right amount of attention without feeling bothered. Also - there were a number (large number) of outdoor seats that would make for a fun night with friends either out front or in the brick alley..
New to pensacola. Was wandering down Palafox and popped in for cocktail hour. Happy hour is 4-7 and you get a full carafe instead of a half on all wines and brews under $9. Order the baked brie, it melts in your mouth and was just plain delicious.
Great location. Great staff. Great cheese platter with the spicy almonds and great atmosphere. Love the place!
My rating is based on atmosphere, appearance and friendliness of staff.  I recently perused this business with the intent to sample a glass of wine, but it was very busy - every seat was taken, so I looked around and talked to some of the staff.  The inside is clean and neat.  There is a cheese shop near the front entrance on Palafox Street.  The wine bar is located at the interior of the store.  There are also a handful of tables inside and outside in the courtyard. This is a venue that I will definitely revisit in the future.
My favorite place in pensacola to chill, have some tapas and wine outside.
Very nice and quiet environment. Staff was very knowledgable and nice. The Creme de lys chardonnaywas the perfect choice for a hot Sunny afternoon.
Hit this place after bailing on the blast furnace that was Hopjack's one night.  Pleasantly surprised.  Great wine list, limited beer selection if that's what you're after.  Quiet, laid-back atmosphere.  Great place to go to relax and talk.  Haven't tried the food yet, but my companions raved about it.
A great addition to the nightlife scene on Palafox! I try to go here at least twice a month, if not more often. Great wine selection that they keep updating. Great service. Haven't tried too many menu items yet, but you can't go wrong with a hand selected cheese platter by one of the Chefs. I also hear the pork tenderloin skewers are great. Check it out!
Great selection of cheese and wine.  Very helpful staff.  You can watch the guys cook and tell that they know what they're doing.  Great location and the indoor area is cozy, but wouldn't be weird for groups.
Love, love this place. Hit it up on sat for a practically free wine tasting including 10 different wines. The food is amazzzing and it was a hidden gem we stumbled upon walking downtown. Feel free to bring your pets and hang out in the breeze way. This place is totally chill and perfect for a daytime date!
Best Wine Bar in Pensacola!!!  Try the Tree Wine, it's the best!  Marilee is the best, most knowledgable wine bar bartender south of Manhattan!!!!
Great food!  Great wine selection.  Casual atmosphere.
Horrible experience!!! So excited to see a nice wine bar with good atmosphere until I sat down. It was slow, not a lot of people but we had the WORST service by multiple employees. I'd understand if one person was having an "off" night but everyone was pretending like I wasn't there. After my first glass of wine, I sat there with a friend with an empty glass for 20 minutes, and no one looked over while I tried to flag someone down. I also ordered a quarter baguette to snack on with my wine, but that took 40 minutes to come out. Then, they joked how bad the bread came out and sent it back to the kitchen. The next attempt at bread came out 20 minutes later. By this time, my friend and I wanted to LEAVE so we asked for our checks twice 10 minutes apart, got our bill, had to have it divided, another 5 minutes. I had my card ready when I finally got MY bill, but they let it sit on the bar for another 10 minutes. We looked around and there were a few others at the bar who were looking as LIVID as we felt.... Its really sad cause we were looking around for a regular wine bar for wives ladies night. Definitely NEVER going back!
