I'm from out of town and this place is great. Good beer selection, great folks. Go here.
Lots of beer.  LOTS of beers.  Beers on draught, beers in bottles, beers in cans.  True, not as varied of a selection as Hopjack's, but if you drove by this place, you'd never suspect the beery goodness that beckons from within. This is not a dive bar.  It is the oldest continuously-open bar in Pcola, from what I know.  It's in a residential area and the only commercial enterprise for several blocks.  The tree tunnel that has survived many hurricanes will guide you here, and I'd suggest this place if you are visiting Pcola and want a taste of local flavor. There's no smoking inside.  Some people like that.  Probably *most* people like that, even people that smoke.  If you huff those puffs, there is a nice patio area out of the back door and convenient to the outhouses.   Last that I knew, the Wisteria is pet friendly.  Or dog friendly, at least.  Anybody that would bring their cat or goldfish to a bar is subject to institutionalization, I'd think.  Mark that word as the longest ever used in a Yelp review.  I've seen and have pictures of many puppies inside.  It's kind of relaxing. I've never been here and failed to meet nice and friendly people.  I have lots of pictures to prove that, too.  Nobody is snobby, even when I'm slugging $2 tall-boys of PBR.  Play some Skee-Ball and settle down. As noted by previous reviewers, the bathrooms are worse than Port-o'-Johns.  Outhouses would be an improvement.  From a talk with the present owner, it is a result of zoning laws and the constraints placed by regulatory authorities on improvements.  Still, I think that they could do something.  Seriously, I generally just stumble around outside and pee on somebody's tires.  It's not worth picking up pathogens and cooties in the bathrooms. Have an exit strategy when you park.  The "parking lot" is more like Sherwood Forest...lots of trees big enough to win a bumper battle if you wish to joust.  There is no rhyme or reason to it, just practice some defensive parking. Have fun!  This is out of the way for most folks, but worth the effort and time.  Give it a try and post your thoughts.
As dive bars go - this is it.  As good as it gets. The ultimate. A plywood shack with jukebox, detached bathroom facility/outhouse, cold beer, pool table.  You never know who will show up at the Wisteria...local politicos, business owners, musicians on their way through town, van loads of sorority girls and frat boys...they all come to the Wisteria.  As unpretentious and "Pcola" as it gets.
Ideal neighborhood bar.  Great neighborhood and great staff.  The owner is around and he is a great guy.
Such a unique gem of a find....worth flying to Pensacola just to find it.  Great character and set of "bar rules"....will return tomorrow!
Great place to enjoy a diverse selection of beers.  Every time I've gone I've met the nicest ppl and end up talking to them all night. The bartenders are great too!  The only negative is that they don't serve food and allow smoking
The 'Wis' is small in size, but large in character.  Many salty regulars populate the interior of this oversized tool-shed of a bar.  The open rafter ceiling is adorned with an eclectic collection of artifacts, including a carved wooden mermaid bowsprit.  The quality and selection of bottled and draft, craft beers is bountiful.  Effective August 1, the Wisteria is Non-Smoking, a definite advantage, in my opinion, when sampling their malted beverages.  Occasionally they sponsor tastings of individual breweries.
An excellent beer selection,  a solid jukebox and good people. Those same good people also brought their dogs, which were adorable and definitely skewed my experience of the Wisteria for the better.
This place just rocketed to one of my favorite places in Pensacola.  It doesn't look like much on the outside, but it's small and charming on the inside.  Really good beer selection, smoke free, a few TVs, and lots of charm.  Regulars call it the "club house" and I can see why.  If you're sick of loud dumps full of annoying people, check out the Wis.
Excellent beer bar with good people and smoke free!
This place is cool as shit.Dive bar off the side of the road. Pretty much a converted house. Golden tee in the back for the win. They take American Express. Cleaner than one would think as well upon entering. Overall just a chill spot to get a beer.
The bathrooms are nasty, even for a dive bar.  And the staff is cliquey and mean-spirited if you're not part of their club.  There are far better bars.
Very cool laid back bar. Lots of different beers, and  the variety is always changing.
