Patrick Bolster is well established as the best mixologist in Pensacola and it's a reputation well earned. His signature cocktails at 5 1/2 are delightful and inventive. He mixes fresh ingredients in surprising and nuanced ways. He is not the only gem here- last night one of the other regular bartenders made a fantastic drink with mango black tea infused tequila which gave the resulting cocktail incredible depth of flavor. The knowledge and expertise behind the bar is excellent and they won't steer you wrong. They also serve an array of beer and wine. This bar is connected to Vinyl Music Hall so it can be loud if there is a show- bonus is that the show is shown on the single television behind the bar so at least you know why the building is thumping. The atmosphere is also a welcome reprieve from some of the typical sports and beach bar ubiquity. It can be chilly but there is ample room for sitting or mingling.
Not a bad atmosphere and kind of a sleep/speak easy but they have one, yes, ONE unisex bathroom for the entire bar. That's right, a single bathroom. Drinks are fine, prices are decent to high and it is mainly a standing bar. But seriously, one bathroom so you'll spend lots of time waiting in line.
Had an old fashioned, a Manhattan, and a side car; all were fantastic. Asked the guys to make my wife a "coffee or mint/chocolate drink" and they came up with an absolutely delicious nutmeg topped concoction. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, reasonable prices; if I was stationed in Pcola again this would be my regular spot.
I stayed in Pensacola for 2 days, heading to Panama City. My lovely friend was living in the NAS for 2 months so we met up and she gave me a tour. We happened to pass through here and decided to go in and check it out. This is one of the few bars that feels intimate, none of the dramatic people there. I had a great time with my friend catching up and drinking wine and caddies. I haven't seen any other bar with this atmosphere, so I HIGHLY recommend it.
Hands down, one of my favorite bars in the Gulf Coast.  I was introduced to this bar about a year ago, and I keep coming back. As soon as you walk into this place you don't think you are in Pensacola.  The stonework and the classic look give it a feel like something out of a movie.  It is intimate, not loud, and relaxing.  And the drinks....no contest the best cocktails in Pensacola.  Pat is a master craftsman and I love seeing people take time to make a quality drink.  Definitely recommend an Ol' Fashioned or a New York Sour.  Heck, ask him to make you a special one.  It is a great place to meet up with friends and actually enjoy a night out talking with friends and making new ones, as opposed to being at a loud club and getting watered down drinks.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Never been to a place as cool and vintage as 5 1/2.
A great, "real," cocktail bar in Pensacola. I wish I had found this place sooner.  All the bartenders I have meet are very cool and Pat really knows what he is talking about when it comes to alcohol. The place never gets too crowded and therefore feels intimate. It is the place to go with a friend or two to have drinks and chat.
really enjoyed my first visit to 5 1/2.  the bartenders were great, paid good attention to the customers and made delicious drinks.  I had the Pecan Flip...about 5 of them.  They tasted so good and went down like candy.  If you're a fan of an act playing at Vinyl, but hate crowds or didn't get tickets, show up to 5 1/2 early and get a seat at the bar.  you can hear the music crystal clearly and they put the show on a TV over the bar.  only downside is the bathroom being outside and through the smoking section.
If heaven were a bar, this would be it. THE bar in Pensacola if you want a quality crafted cocktail in a laid back environment. Very chill and highly recommended. Boulevard 8 .... enuf said...
My gf's favorite bar. If u like cocktails and mixed drinks, this is the spot. On nite's where the vinyl has a show, this place gets packed. I personally like it when I can here myself talk to the folks I'm with. The bartenders are great; friendly & welcoming. On busy nites, expect to "wait" to get a drink but at least u know they make their drinks with fresh items. Personally, I don't have the patience & get a beer. Lol. But it's mos def a great bar even compared to bars outside of the 850
The drinks aren't good. We tried about 4 off of the cocktail menu and they were either too sweet, missing something, or plain not good. Maybe back to the drawing board. With so many mixology/specialty cocktail/slow bar movements out there to compete with, this one falls quite flat. The atmosphere is nice though, so it at least gets two stars for that, and the service is good. BUT the drinks are expensive and not good.
A friendly, cozy place to relax with your friends or make some new ones.  No food, just drinks, but the drinks are great.  Single malts, premium bourbons, wines, absinthe, etc.
I've never had a bad drink there. It doesn't hurt that I'm friends with the guys there, but even if you're not, they always take the time to make sure you get something you want. Patrick, Wilson and Kyle are all fantastic bartenders and masters of the craft cocktail.
.....it's like having drinks in a total strangers living room...way too "intimate" for me and somewhat pricey in my opinion..looked like everyone in there was having an affair on their spouses.
That Pat knows his sauce. On a slow night ask him for a custom cocktail, it will not disappoint.
Went on a Monday night around 1030 and there was no one in their until we walked in. Mike made us feel at home and made a great French 75 and Boulevardier. Once a few more people came in he started giving out samples of drinks that he has been working on. All were great but I wouldn't recommend ordering "bareback through a volcano"...mescal, siracha, pickle juice.
Best little bar in Pensacola. This place would fit in perfectly in NYC or any other bigger city. Lofty, loungey atmosphere, great, interesting cocktails, awesome music. My new favorite bar.
Perfect bar for those that appreciate a finely crafted cocktail, smaller crowds, and a bartender that knows their stuff.
