This place rocks.  I stop in everytime I am in town to visit my buddy.  It's tucked up right next to the bridge (go figure) and the view is amazing.  Small place with alot of locals that come in, but great wines / beers.  A must if you're in the area.
Cozy and comfortable with great house wines and a goodly selection of bottled beer.  I can't remember the name of the IPA on draft that I had, but it was crisp and fruity. We had one our of grad school graduation parties here back in 2009 and the place was totally different...smaller and the expansive back decks weren't yet there.  I assume that the Bridge Bar has bands out there on occasion, and the venue would be perfect for that.  I would gladly return to listen to some good music with a spectacular view. Bridge Bar owners:  Quit storing random crap behind the front bar.  We customers can see the dreck and we wonder if you really care enough to continue on with the concept.  There are random hoses, tanks, and other stuff back there that make make it obvious that you never use that space.  That's a shame.  You should always be prepared for an onslaught of customers and not be complacent.  Por favor, take that junk away and look like you're serious about this endeavor. Cute bartender the night that we were there and some pleasant patrons.  I'd return, for sure.
I stopped in here a couple months ago and have been back a few more times.  It's right at the base of the bridge and you have to be sure to slow down or you may pass it! I love the feel inside - it's quaint, cool and loungey.  The bartender is very nice and the crowd has been very laid back.  They have draft, bottle beer and wine.  The draft and wine list are a bit limited but the view makes up for it!  I have been lucky enough to catch a few sunsets here and it's all about the gorgeous water view.   Be sure to take a date here for an intimate drink.
This is possibly the best view in Pensacola and it is combined with a laid back atmosphere and good selection. Plus their Tuesday night trivia is great!
Perfect
If you are local to Gulf Breeze you know there is no better place to enjoy the sunset and avoid the tourist flood that is Pensacola Beach.
No longer beer and wine only.  Full Bar.  Best place in Gulf Breeze to have a cold one and hang, watch sunset.
Really cool chill place, I stumbled upon trying to show off pensacola to an out of towner. Staff is super friendly and so is the crowd. Great place to have a beer and watch the sunset. Beer selection changes often so you can try new things or stick to the usual.
