Excellent bar with a whiskey selection to even impress this Tennessee boy! Great owners and staff who make you feel right at home. Great cocktails and comfy atmosphere.
The staff is very friendly and knowledgable about whiskey. Places like this make Pensacola an exciting place to be. Negative: on gallery nights the bar gets pretty crowded and they serve whiskey in plastic cups. I recommend going on a quieter night and enjoying their seating space and proper drinking vessels ;-)
Tons of Whiskeys to choose from! My fav cocktail was the Drunken Key Lime with that smokey flavor!
Horrible for sure we are not to return to this establishment.  The staff was rude and the drinks were not worth the cost of the attitude.  Save your cash for another bar on palafox.
Excellent bar to get well crafted cocktails, great atmosphere, a little pricey but well worth it!!! Will definitely return for the Apple Trifecta and the Root Beer Float!
Do you love whiskey and being a great American?  If so, this place is for you. I call this a real bar with real drinks and real bartenders.  It isn't cheap swill and doesn't come from a draft tap.  Here they make fantastic classic cocktails and new twists on those cocktails using high-end spirits and fresh ingredients.  It will take a moment; be patient.  The wait will be worth it.  If you want a $3 drink right NOW, I'm sure there's a gas station somewhere close by where you can get it. Old Hickory has a great ambiance; lots of warm, muted light and a it's a comfortable place to sit or stand.  There's plenty of room to do both here. Jim Morrison sang about it and Kyle makes one hell of an Old Fashioned.  You have just found the next whiskey bar.
What a fantastic bar for downtown Pensacola. Watching the bartenders make a drink is like watching a four-star chef prepare a gourmet meal. The signature cocktails are thoughtful and delicious. (Plus, any place that uses the amazing Buffalo Trace Bourbon as their house whiskey is A-Okay with me! Most bars in town don't even carry Buffalo Trace, much less call it their house whiskey. It's a "sleeper" sipping bourbon most folks have never heard of, but it's won more awards than any American whiskey in history. A definite must-try.) I tried several of the signature cocktails and was very impressed. Then, I decided to try one of my favorite drinks that so many people screw up: a simple mint julep. WOW.  I was absolutely delighted. Buffalo Trace bourbon house-infused with fresh mint in a frosty stainless steel cup and real simple syrup. But the showstopper was when the bartender followed Kentucky tradition and poured ice cubes in a waxed canvas bag and crushed it with a wooden mallet. Topped with a huge sprig of fresh mint, it was one of the best mint juleps I've ever had that I didn't make myself!  ;-) I just can't say enough about this place.  Prices were average, if not even perhaps "good", especially for happy hour.  For the same price you would pay at another bar in town for someone to slog some mid-brow bourbon into a glass, you can go here and get a true "craft" cocktail like you would expect in a much larger city for double the price. Here's hoping they team up with a cigar shop and offer some nice smokes for the outdoor patio when the nights start to cool off. I'll certainly be a regular!
Fantastic service and drinks. Inventive and classic southern feel to the bar. Fair prices, more whiskey than anyone should drink. What else can I say? The old hickory cocktail is wonderful.
This is a great, classy, addition to South Palafox. Skilled bartenders working with fresh ingredients and quality spirits make for delicious cocktails. It is a whiskey bar with lots of options for bourbon, scotch, and other artisan spirits. They do carry a respectable beer and wine selection. Their signature cocktails are fantastic. As the other reviewer mentioned the classic mint julep is perfection and I love their Margarita with chipotle infused tequila. The bar has a beautiful historic interior and nice outdoor seating as well. Drinks are definitely in the $9-$10 range- this is a place to sip and enjoy not slam, which makes for a wonderful experience.
Slower service , bartenders smoking upfront then come and serve . Prices are waaaaay high Great Decor but I will pass .
Great bar. Great service. Great name (andrew Jackson's nickname). Can be pricey if you are not savvy, but then again great quality comes at a price. Fantastic whiskey, scotch and bourbon selection.
Pensacola is lucky to have Old Hickory.  The selection of liquors is incredible and bartenders are knowledgeable. It is definitely for the more sophisticated, so forget about wearing that college football gear.
Not really worth the visit...could be a lot better if they charged a little less and weren't understaffed and could mix a decent drink in a reasonable amount of time.  It's great that they're focused on premium mixed drinks, but those take time...and with a long line of customers, you need another bartender or two.
