Called day-of about going out sailing for a couple of hours and they were super flexible. Went out on a nice afternoon and it was a ton of fun! Very relaxed. No dolphins were promised, but we had about 4 hang with us towards the end of the excursion. Jim and Cindy were wonderful. They're fun to talk to, plus they gave us a few local suggestions that made our stay a little more fun after sailing with them!
My family and I had a fantastic experience with Jolly Sailing. We took a 2 1/2 hour sail during our recent visit to Pensacola.  Everyone from our near two year old to my mother in law thoroughly enjoyed the time on the water.  I don't remember a time when the whole crew was so relaxed after an excursion.   Captain Jim and Cindy took care of everything.  It was just like sailing with friends.  They told us interesting history tidbits, gave us tips on where to visit during our stay and in general carried on pleasant conversation. The view of Pensacola Beach and Fort Pickens from the water puts a whole different perspective on things.  I recommend starting your vacation with a sail because it tends to set the mood for the rest of your trip. We will definitely visit them again next trip.
Probably the best part of our trip to Pensacola. We booked the 3 hour SUP/Snorkel sail, and were so glad we did. My boyfriend and I called the day in advance and were the only people so far attempting to book a group trip, so our ability to sail was contingent on others wanting to go out too, and Cindy said she would call back and let me know the plan. The next morning at breakfast, my phone rang and Cindy said that while no one else had inquired about sailing that day that we would be able to take the trip privately but at the group rate! Talk about customer service! Captain Randy was wonderful and full of information about Pensacola and the gulf. It was my first time sailing and hopefully won't be the last. I had a blast out on the water, and enjoyed exploring Pensacola's water through my snorkel mask as well. I was less than successful at Stand Up Paddle, but there's always next time right? We even saw a sea turtle! How cool is that? We brought our own beer onboard, but the boat was also stocked with daiquiri fixings, so we partook in those as well. All in all a great activity at a great price for anyone who loves the water.
Captain Jim and First Mate Cindy are fantastic. They were very informative, responsive and wonderful at answering all our questions leading up to our trip. My husband and I did a half day sail. Captain Jim cruised us all around the harbor while sharing interesting things about the sites and area. We had a beautiful sunny day to go out. The boat was gorgeous and very comfortable. We were treated like friends and had smiles on our faces all afternoon. It's always fun to get out on the water and see the area from a whole different view! I would recommend Jolly Sailing to anyone in the area. I have full confidence all their adventure trips are just as great!
If ANYONE and I mean ANYONE is planning a trip to visit Pensacola beach they must book a trip with Jolly sailing! Who can beat sailing with two of the best husband and wife teams on the Gulf Coast, also they offer complimentary mai tais, beer, and snacks! Plus I heard a rumor (shhhhh) that they are planning to offer dinner cruises very soon, and they are going to soon charter a bigger boat!
I booked a private sunset cruise with Jolly Sailing so I could propose to my girlfriend.  Jim and Cindy were very helpful with everything and we were able to keep everything a surprise all the way to the end. The boat was very easy to find with the directions I had been given and upon arrival we found the boat to be very clean and the crew extremely friendly.  Jim and Cindy are very easy to talk to and very knowledgeable about the area.  Captain Jim kept the atmosphere fun during the entire trip.  He let my fiancé's 10-year-old son take the helm (helpful during the proposal) and always had something to talk about, especially when I was getting more and more nervous.  First Mate Cindy kept us all fed and watered (or wined) during the trip and was always checking to make sure everyone was having a good time and that everything was still going according to plan (she even gave me the exact time the sun would set). During the proposal, Captain Jim kept the boat steady with the sun to the stern while Cindy took some of the most amazing pictures of a proposal I have ever seen.  Not many people can say they have a picture of themselves on bended knee, but I can thanks to Jolly Sailing.  Afterward, Jim blew the celebratory conch horn and Cindy popped open a bottle of champagne that I had asked to be on the boat when I booked the trip. I can't say enough good things about this crew and vessel.  They offer private snorkeling trips that I would love to try.  The boat will easily carry 6 people comfortably and with Captain Jim's knowledge of the bay, you are sure to have a memorable experience. If you are looking for something away from the boardwalk but still near the water, I would highly recommend booking a trip with Jim and Cindy.
This was a fantastic trip! My lady surprised me with a sunset sailing cruise and now I want to do it every day! The boat was roomy and very comfortable, the owners were fun and knowledgeable and the trip was beautiful! We went in late July so you think it would be hot but it was perfect out on the water. There were four of us and a 6mo. old and everyone loved it. This is a great way to get away from the standard touristy stuff and enjoy what makes Pensacola beautiful. Oh yeah, we saw a ton of dolphins, too!
We were lost, late and frazzed.  Then we were met with smiles and a glass of wine each as we were greeted to set sail into a beautiful calm sunny day.  Everything was right in the world and we were treated like special guests in thier home. I can't say enough other than to tell any reader to trust your first instinct.  Book a trip and enjoy the day.  You are in good, safe and hospitable hands.
