Was such a nice place and the price was amazing! It was over an hour pedicure for only 40! And French tip was only 5 extra which was nice. Definitely going to make this my usual nail salon!
I have spent the last 4 years getting my eyebrows threaded and had a lot of difficulty finding a well-reviewed salon that does "threading". I have come here a total of 3 times. The first time went... ok. She went quite a bit thinner and the ends than I would've liked but that was nothing a little brow pencil couldn't fix. The second time, I felt like she took off a bit too much from the bottom of my brow. The last time I went about a month ago, I told her I just wanted them just slightly shaped and cleaned without taking much off the bottom. My eyebrows AGAIN came out too thin, she broke the thread 3x, and wound up nicking my EYELIDS twice on each side. And she didn't clean my brows beforehand.... I did ask her to do my upper lip and she left me with red marks on either side that STILL haven't faded away. Also I should mention that she seemed incredibly rushed each time I went to see her (and no I didn't walk-in, I had set up an appt. 2 days before). I don't think I'll be back again. She seems so rushed, she isn't paying attention to her work or disinfecting the area properly.
This place was great! They did a good job of doing a pedicure which was about $40-$50 with the hot wax on my feet and hot towel wrap for my legs. They even offer a complimentary drink while you wait, which includes wine, mimosa, water, or soda. They can speak very good English, the wait wasn't long, and they definitely take the time to make sure that you are comfortable and happy. They added roses to our water for the pedicure. I was relaxed and overall definitely happy :)
Pretty disappointed in the price and quality of this place. I was excited to try this out after reading all the yelp reviews.. And walking in I thought i was going to be in for a good experience. ...man I was wrong :/ 1. I asked for the citrus pedi- and not much happened except they dumped some orange slices into my water ... 2. the lady that did my pedicure was really rough... And she rubbed the scrub all over my leg which was actually pretty painful not to mention annoying :/ 3. The nail polish on my toes was ok. Nothing special and when the pedi was done it wasn't quit sure why they charged almost $45 for that... Mani time! Woooohooo (not) 1. I got shellac - which is almost $35 why r they charging so much?!? I didn't even pay that much in California!! 2.  The lady was not very friendly and aside from painting my nails she didn't do much else except lotion them ? 3.  Shellac was all over my finger and cuticle :( 4.  Paid my $75 bill and the shellac Chipped 6 days later !
I really like this place - I had been going to another spot closer to my house, however I wanted a place with more variety.  I had a great experience with Tina and will be seeing her again.  My only issue was the cost.  I'm from Northern Virginia, home of some of the richest counties in the US and have NEVER had to pay to have my gel polish removed.  $8.00 for something so simple as a little bit of cotton, some acetone and foil is out of control.  Beyond the cost though they are friendly, clean, efficient and have many colors to choose from.
Denise was amazing!! I came in because of the reviews on yelp!! Love this place!! Too bad I'm only here on Vacation.
I was referred by a friend and I'm glad I went. I got the Champagn & Rose pedicure and it was wonderful! The atmosphere is nice as were the people. My tech didn't talk much but he did a great job and I love the turn out. The free glass of wine didn't hurt at all either.
Best nail salon in Pensacola. Professional, fun, young nail techs that speak English while they work on you. Need I say more? They do an amazing job every time. Clean, fast, efficient, great  store decor & hello, wine! Plan to stay a while;)
Without a doubt the best pedicure/manicure I've ever had! This nail bar is clean, quick, and so professional. When the gel mani on one hand didn't dry properly, they caught it while I was still in the add-on and they immediately redid the whole hand without batting an eye. I loved this place!
I had a nice experience at Polished.  I am impressed that they got right to me and were courteous from start to finish.  The setup and atmosphere of the salon is great, I'd never seen nails being done at a regular kind of table setup, versus the traditional manicure station.  I got the mid-level pedicure, with roses, and also had my fingernails polished.  It was very relaxing and my feet felt refreshed when everything was finished.  I did not take advantage of any of the complimentary beverages while I was there, but I was offered one as soon as I finished signing in.  Although I normally do my own pedis, I will return here for my ocassional "let someone else do it" pedi.
Modernized, clean, and trendy nail/waxing salon. Customer service was on point with service efficiency. Very pretty technicians and best of all...they speak English CLEARLY (as opposed to the cliche nail/wax salon where you find yourself asking them to repeat what they just said). This a great addition to the neighborhood and reasonably priced for the overall quality. I may not be from the neighborhood,  but I WILL be back!
This is my favorite nail salon hands down!  They have done it right in all the major points; decor, friendly staff, cleanliness, quality, prices, variety of services, comfy. Assuage chairs, beverages and location.   I kept driving past this place and finally had time and the need ( sandal season) to stop.  I am so happy to have found them.  I really like that you can customize your organic pedi with scrubs, paraffin wax, hot stones and creams.  They don't use generic creams that make you itch (I have sensitive skin).  They also have private rooms so you can request those for small parties at no extra expense. If you are in the area stop by and give them a try.
Great services, best pedicure of my life, best French manicure and amazing wine. Friendly staff and amazing prices! I wish I lived here so I could make this my main nail salon. Pictures to come of everything. Did I say they have good wine too??
This is a newer nail salon that has opened up here in the last 3 years I have lived here. I came here last minute after my appt with my doctor and brought in a photo of what I wanted on my nails and they did a great job replicating it. It wasn't perfect, but pretty dang close for the first time. I need to bring my 3D designs and have them add them to my nails the next time I see them. They were really nice and I can't wait to bring my mom to get a rose and champagne pedicure:) here is a pic of what I got on my nails:)
Love the atmosphere!!! My first time for a pedicure was nice. Second time was much better for a pedi and fill. I'll be back. Hard to find places that are as clean as this with a great atmosphere and technicians that truly want to provide friendly and detailed services.
I saw their billboard and was so excited to find a place open on a Sunday.  But then we walked into the beautiful spa and were treated like princesses! I got a classic mani pedi, but my froend went all out...I was soon jealous of her Roses & Champagne pedicure that included a foot soak, scrub, mask, massage, paraffin treatment & hot towel wrap. All this while enjoying mimosas and the NFL Playoffs! They do shellac (gel) polish as well as eyebrow waxing, threading, and extensions. I am so happy to have found this place. We'll definitely be back often!
I loves this place! The people here are so nice and attentive. I like that I can come here after a very long day and unwind. They do such a wonderful job. I am going to be sad when it comes time for me to transfer.
I will have to say I was a little surprised. I figured they would be like the other salon in town NL. I was shocked they everyone was soooo friendly, called me by name, spoke English the entire time so I did not feel like I was being talked about in another language. Huge plus! Great services, super nice atmosphere. Denise was amazing!!  her! I will be back!
This is one of the reviews you are tempted not to write, because you do not want to share your secret. What an amazing find! I was in Pensacola on business and was referred to this spa. It is extremely clean and very modern. Everything about the spa was high-end, except the price!   This is a family owned business and they treat you like a special guest. I was given lovely glass of wine when I arrived and had a spa pedicure, complete with a sugar scrub and pressure point massage.  Amazing.  My feet are so super soft now. I had a gel pedicure and standard manicure. Very well done. I only wish I lived closer. If I lived in Pensacola, I'd be here all the time.
I am a male who has only had 1 pedicure before. This place was great, and the girl who did my feet did a great job. Would recommend to anyone looking for a great pedicure
I love this place, I have never been disappointed. I have tried all kinds of different nail salons from fort Walton beach to pensacola and this one takes the cake. It's worth the little extra drive just to be treated nicely and to have a fantastic job done. Everyone is soooo nice and great at what they do. Worth every penny!
I'm here in Pensacola for business and I rely on yelp when I'm somewhere new. Polished Nail Bar didn't disappoint, it was modern, sleek, and clean. Also everyone was really friendly, talkative, and shared local info on restaurants. Thanks for a great set of nails too!
I will never go anywhere else again! For nails, eyebrows, eyelashes they do it all with excellence and care. They whole staff is welcoming and full of advice. You will not be disappointed.
Love this place! Great atmosphere, decent prices, and very friendly staff. My only stop these days for nails and threading. :)
I'm here in Pensacola on business for a few weeks from California and needed to get my nails done so I got a little help from yelp and found this gem. I took a friend with me and we both got different services done and loved all of it. The idea of having a drink while getting my nails done blew my mind because I've never seen that before even being from LA. It was awesome! I didn't realized it was complementary either until I was getting ready to pay for it. The gal who owns the salon did my eyebrow threading and it was the best job I have ever seen. Kudos for customer service from everyone that works there too. I've seen a lot of salons in my day and this one by far has been the best. I'm definitely coming back one more time before I leave.
I would never think of going anywhere else! Great atmosphere, professional staff, clean facility, great work! Linda and Kristy are my faves but everyone is capable of great, professional work! Love u guys.
When Nail spa meets Bar! This is not your typical nail salon you see around  town! A very clean, neat, and upscale nail & spa salon with a bar inside! I am absolutely impressed with the service and friendly staff members! A sweet, young lady there name Linda did my nails and recommended me the organic pedicure! I felt so refreshed and pampered! To add on my pedicure lasted for weeks! I am looking forward to come back again! I highly recommend this place!
Took my wife there earlier today. I liked the facility and there was a couch to hang around while I waited. The facility is cleaned and the staff are very friendly. My wife said they did a good job on her eyebrows. I took advantage of the Yelp offer and had a glass of wine while I waited. Pretty sure she will be going back here.
One of the best nail salons I have been to on the road. Friendly staff. Thry go over and above with customer service. They offer complimentary beverages, mimosas, wine, coffee, tea, etc. I got a fill in, pedicure and eyelash extensions and for the price and service was an incredible deal.
Looks good inside, but if you're not one of their regulars. They call their "mom" out the back to mess up your pedicure. I've gone 3x times. They've struck out with me. My toes were on fire when I left & the polish job was horrible. I WOULD NOT recommend this place to anyone. First impression was not good, neither was the second or third. Customer Beware.
Awesome!  Kind, professional staff.  If you are into being pampered this is the place to go.  Will recommend this place to everyone!
Thank you so much to Christie for taking the time to fix my nails. Made my day! And gets atmosphere, customer service, and workmanship!
Beautiful spa- like nail salon. Super friendly and professional staff and a bar!! Free mimosas on Sunday (which is awesome) and it doesn't smell like you're breathing in chemicals, like most nail salons. Any treatment you pick is a pampering and the cost is extremely reasonable. Great place to go with the girls!
This place is the best. Friendly people, great service, and everything you could need. I love it. Their prices are reasonable and I never have to wait long.
I went for a full set. Got them done by Christie I think her name was,  she said she was the owner. I asked for them to be really squared, but ended up pretty noticeably rounded and they started lifting and peeling 4 days later. I give 3 stars cause the staff was friendly, you get a free glass of wine, and the salon is super nice. But won't be paying another $47 for a fullset that's I hate. Going to Victoria at Salon Social now.
If you're looking for a clean place to go get your nails done, this is the place!! They are friendly and professional.  This salon just open, therefore all their  pedicure chairs are still new.  The technician used a new sterile bag for me when doing my pedicure, that was what got me sold!  I will be back soon and tell all my friends.
