I went to fusion for a massage and was brought upstairs to their waiting room.  The person that welcomed me offered me beverages.  I then waited a few minutes and was greeted by Tricia, the massage therapist.  She was very nice and Definately knew what she was doing.  She started with a foot scrub, then stepped out while I got undressed and got on the massage table.  She then worked her magic.  She got out all the knots I had.  She applied the perfect amount of pressure.  I was so happy with the massage, I rebooked with her.  I've decided I will never go to another massage therapist again.  I highly recommend her.  If you're in the area and want the best massage you've ever had, give Tricia a try.
I made a last minute decision to get a massage on a weekend visit to Pensacola. I am so glad I did. The staff at this Aveda spa were very friendly and knowledgable. Hank was available for a 90 minute deep tissue massage - the best one I've ever had. He was very professional and listened carefully. 4 stars is as high as I would give for a spa in a strip. This was a surprisingly great experience!
Fusion is a nice spa but what really makes it stand out is Tricia, the LMT. She is probably the best-kept secret on Pensacola Beach! I will never go to another Massage Therapist! Incredible deep tissue massages with relaxing, tranquil natural sounds (my favorite) and after just 3 Thai Yoga massages my body is more flexible than it's ever been. I suffer from childhood leg problems and she is enabling my legs to stretch and move in ways never possible.
I visit Pensacola often and have visited Fusion many time.  I get my hair done by Deanna and have loved every minute of it.  Not only does she listen to what I want, but she is not afraid to tell me what she thinks.  The color and highlights are always fantastic and OMG the cut, I actually have body now!!!  The best experience ever!!!
Oh my goodness. Building a house can make ones body ache! Thank goodness for my trusty little Yelp app on my phone to help point me in the right direction As I was sitting on the back porch of the beach house, I was discussing with somebody that we should go and get massages the next day since advil was our new best friend. That was the easy part. Thank goodness for that trusty little Yelp app! Found this place that is 15 minutes walking distance from our beach house. Holy cow. We were in heaven. I highly recommend them. They have all sorts of services. Whatever your little hear desires. Bonus: They are an Aveda spa, so you know you are getting the best.
This is a spa with several massage rooms and a hair studio.  Its location directly across from the Hilton makes it basically a tourist salon.  I selected it because it is an Aveda location.  I only go for haircuts and while the staff are friendly, I never really feel like I walk out with the haircut I asked for. They will put you in this meditation room before it is time for your service.  This room is torture.  The only place to sit is either sharp, wiry metal chairs, or this bench seat built in around the walls.  The bench is too narrow and forces you to brace yourself, sitting bolt upright.  Also, if someone else is in the room, then you're stuck in social awkwardness.  Tip: Don't come early; skip the room. Not accessible; all services performed upstairs.
I visited Fusion while on vacation and wanting to get my hair and make-up done to take family pictures on the beach.  Though the salon is located in a strip mall, the inside is large with neat architectural details and two levels.  I felt like the make-up artist did a good job on my make-up.  She seemed detail-oriented, and the finished product was photo-ready.  My only complaint is that the make-up stool that I sat on did not have a back to it, so my back became quite sore early on during the make-up application.  Overall, I was pleased with my make-up, and I think it photographed well.   After my make-up, I had my hair done (they normally do hair first and then make-up, but I booked last minute and was on a tight schedule).  Unfortunately, the hair stylist was running behind schedule, and I believe I was seated about 20 minutes after my original appointment.  She worked very quickly, and luckily the results looked good, because there was no time for much styling after she finished drying my hair with the round brush and curling a few strands.  The salon had told me that I would be finished by a certain time, if not earlier, and I left there 10 minutes later, after a very rushed hair styling.  Normally this wouldn't matter at all, but we had to meet with the photographer for pictures before sunset.   Overall I was satisfied with my visit and would recommend this salon to others, but I would hope that they would get a make-up chair that has a back to it, and better represent how long the services will take, for those on a tight schedule.  The staff was very friendly, the vibe was laid-back, and the prices were very reasonable.
Received very friendly service from Liko who gave me some generous samples on Black Friday. I like Aveda product and he was very knowledgable and friendly. I did not use their salon or massage services, but the staff here are well trained in the product they sell.
During a recent vacation at Portofino, Fusion was my go-to location for a quick blowout. I'm on vacation...why on God's green earth would I do my own hair? I was there in the off-season, so appointments were easy to come by when I needed to get in. Jennifer gave me the rock star treatment with the blue oil scalp massage (I love having tingly MintyHead!) and a shampoo customized just for how my scalp and hair were doing on each visit. She gave me excellent tips on how to care for my hair in general and did a wowser of a job styling my hair. The salon was convenient to Portofino and is easy to find. Just head for the ferris wheel! Thanks to everyone at Fusion for making my vacation even more relaxing. I wish I could've taken y'all back to Texas with me.
Stopped by here before dinner while on vacation to stock up on a few supplies. Lo and behold they were having a customer appreciation night, which included a 20% discount off my purchases! The staff was very friendly and helpful.
I had to call at least a half dozen times just to actually get someone to answer the phone. I finally manage to make a reservation and they tried to bump me an hour before my appointment. I had a very important engagement that day and raised holy hell so the management managed  to "fit me in." I tell you I walked out of there looking like Pee Wee Herman aka the worst haircut of my life. Not recommended.
This place is fantastic! I did a facial and my mother and aunt got hour long massages. They raved about their massages.  The girl who did my facial was great.  Everything from start to finish was relaxing and my skin felt great after.  I did end up buying some products afterwards but no one was pushy by any means.  I would give 5 stars but I will note that the area where massages/facials are upstairs can get a little noisier than I would have liked with the wood floors in the hallways, people talking out there and the click/clack of people walking by with heels.   Overall a great experience though.  Will be back!
I have visited Fusion several times for manicures and pedicures.  I own a salon in downtown Pensacola and have come to Fusion when I couldn't get in with our own manicurist.  The staff is friendly, the facilities are relaxing and clean.  I'm not a fan of the local "chop shop" nail salons and enjoy the drive out to the beach and thoroughly enjoy my services and treatments at Fusion.  You can also stop into the other restaurants and shops in the strip on your way out to pick up dinner and wine!
Marisa styled my hair for my wedding day. She was amazing! She was thorough and creative during my trial appointment, and the day of the wedding was a breeze. She remembered me, knew exactly what my hair needed, and made quick and perfect work of it. She was calm and fun. I made the call based on location, and I'm so lucky to have found her. 5 stars.
