Evolation has the antidote to the Buffalo winter - hot yoga. And Evolation has a hot yoga formula I haven't seen anywhere else, offering "warm" yoga. Warm is only an hour and only 90 degrees, it's fewer of the traditional poses of Bikram's hot yoga series. Evolation also offers "hot"  which is 105 degrees/90 minutes and is the full Bikram hot yoga method.  Warm yoga fits into a busy schedule, was perfect for me who needed a gentler start back after years of not practicing, and sometimes just because I want a gentler class. I haven't tried the "chill" mediation class or the "flow" class yet, but I will. Like the place, the instructors are warm and hot/nice and inspirational.
I decided to go to Evolation because of an Amazon Local Deal that was offered (10 classes for $50 or so). I've practiced yoga for a while and in studios across the country. My best friend and I like to try them when we travel. For me, this is part of the fun of yoga- more than just the physical activity and the mental stimulation, it is a cultural experience. This being said, I'm not a yoga snob or anything, and have tried humble studios alongside more refined ones, I'm open to them all and for this reason, I was attracted to the offer. Unfortunately it was not what I expected for a number of reasons. First of all, I bought the deal a few weeks before going to a wedding in North Carolina. I expected to take all of the classes before leaving as a final attempt to relax before a long drive and potentially stressful weekend. I showed up to the first class a few minutes early, probably not enough to take care of the necessary paperwork involved with the deal but usually a studio will sign you in and take care of it after the session. This was clearly not the case! When I arrived, the studio door was locked and a sign was on the door informing the public a session was going on and no one would be let in for an hour. Unbelievable. I drove 45 minutes to get there and meet a friend and the door is locked? Come to find out, the studio is in the basement and the reception area is on the second floor and only one person (the instructor/receptionist) and the door was locked for safety. I couldn't believe that only one person was working. They must be losing business by not even being open to customers who would like information by walk in or phone for that matter. I was a little disappointed but I tried again and didn't write them off right away. My second time around, I was a bit more careful. I came about 25 minutes early to make sure I could get in, finish the paperwork and set up my mat. I arrived to two girls chatting at the desk. I didn't think much of it until I was standing there for a few minutes and was ignored until I said something. I took care of the amazon deal, which they did not know how to process properly and noticed that towels were extra. Luckily I was warned by the friend from story #1 about this. I brought my own. Once the paperwork was finished they told me to set up. Having never been there I had no idea where I was going but they had promptly started their conversation back up so I just did some exploring. When I got to the room, it was hot and wet everywhere (the yoga description was 'warm' not 'hot'). The room was also mirrored and had bars, perhaps an ex dance studio? There were columns breaking up the room, too which made it hard to see. I decided to stay despite these things. So, the class begins and the instructor is the receptionist. Having the experience I had with her, I was a little disappointed. Her style of "teaching was EXTREMELY distracting, too. She was loud and spoke very quickly and sounded more like a drill sergeant than a yoga instructor. I was immediately uneasy and the class seemed to be, too. Also, the skill set was mixed and she did not walk around to correct poses or do any individual acknowledgment. She was also about 7 months pregnant and was taking off and putting on clothes during the class. I was uneasy about the poses she had us doing, too. Some I had never performed or even heard of and they were uncomfortable and difficult even for me. People seemed confused throughout the class. I wasn't happy with the experience and didn't feel emotionally or physically involved, just dismayed and disappointed really. The next day I was in a serious amount of pain and probably won't ever go back. I feel as though I gave them the benefit of the doubt on many occasions but I am still very disappointed. The unprofessional nature of the studio and the sub par instructor that I experienced makes these classes worthless even at a discounted price.
I've taken the hot and flow with a variety of different instructors.  They are all very friendly and genuinely want to be helpful.  One thing I particularly like is that they really encourage you to work at your own level and aren't overly perfectionist.  And they each share their own unique words of wisdom during practice which is always very sweet and often brings my perspective in check.  Oh, and they kick your butt!! Clean studio.  The yoga room is a bit of an odd shape so if you are on one end you can't really see the instructor, but it's not much of a problem.  Take advantage of the groupon!
The trick here is finding a good teacher. At first I didn't like it as two teachers sounded like robots, but there are some good ones. Just feel it out.
Turns out, I like Bikram Yoga.  It's challenging and attention grabbing, though definitely not for everyone. Evolation runs some pretty good classes, they always tend to be friendly, and I always feel worked-out when I am done there.  Some of the instructors are super helpful and nice, with a lot of supportive and instructive speaking with their classes. One thing I have noticed, and perhaps I just got lucky at first, is that you really have to feel out who your instructors are.  Some of them are speaking a little by rote sometimes - or at least it feels detached.  Which, if you were running a few classes of hot yoga a day, I'm sure you'd feel the same too.  Perhaps it needs some spacing out or to take shifts or something. I miss when they used to have morning classes - mainly because I had a fantasy that I'd actually wake up some days and go.  As it is, they might be bringing them back and my fantasy can continue.  Or perhaps, one day, be real.
Let me start off with the positive: the studio is beautiful, they sell water and rent towels and have showers that you can take. It can feel as if you're coming home because, well -- the studio is built into a post-war cottage architecturally-styled modern home (the first and second floors). With that said, I was not a fan of the classes. Let me disclaim this by saying I've only practiced Bikram-style yoga once before at another studio and I'm more fan of hatha/Kripalu style, so I'm being a little biased here right-off-the-bat. When I came to the classes, I was looking for something that is physically challenging (and this is definitely), but also instructors which cultivate a sense of presence, loving-kindness and 'invite' you to explore your body. Instead, I've experienced yoga instructors which are more like motivational fitness trainers who push you to "stretch BEYOND your flexibility" (yes they say this). My favorite yoga instructor has always said: "I invite you to stretch a little bit more, but be present, go to the point where it's enough to hold your attention, but not so much that you tense up." Maybe I'm being overly picky in the language the instructors use, but it's really important to me. Also, I took their 90-minute 105 degree class the other day and within half an hour felt extremely dizzy and left the room for a few minutes -- the instructor came in after me and explained that it's better if I stay in the room. When I go to a yoga class, I don't want to feel as if I'm in jail -- I want to feel safe to explore my limits and during Evolation classes I feel overwhelmed. I still go - it's a great work out, but I  prefer more-gentle instruction.
Finally a good place for hot yoga! I've been looking for a place for hot yoga in Buffalo for some time now and have finally tried a place that I liked. They offer a variety of different levels which is nice because it gives you the option of going to something less intense than a 90 minute 105 degree class. Everyone is looking for something different when it comes to yoga. Some are looking for meditation, relaxation, strength/flexibility training, or a challenging workout. Different things are right for different people and the best thing is to find a place that best meets what you are looking for. I was looking for a challenging workout where I can work on my strength and flexibility. I've recently begun training to run a 5K. I thought that yoga would be a great compliment to my training. When it comes to yoga, I've always enjoyed the overly challenging push-you-to-you-limit type of practice. This is exactly what I got at Evolation. I went to the Hot 90 class which is a 105 degree class for 90 minutes. The only issue I had was that it didn't feel like it was actually 105 degrees. It definitely felt hot though so I'll be trying it again this week to see if I notice the same thing. Also, since it is on Elmwood, the parking can be problematic so definitely get there early. Other classes they offer: a Warm (90 deg) 60 minute class, a Chill 30 minute class meant for mediation, a Flow (80 deg) 75minute class, and a Gentle (75 deg) 60 minute class. There are lots of options, so it's definitely work a try.
The classes are pretty good but the space itself leaves something to be desired. It's in an old house, and it seems old. Not updated as much as it could be and the studio itself is awkwardly shaped with columns.   The hot and warm classes are standard bikram and good.  The flow class is even better.  I wish there were more adjustments and direction.  That really varies by instructor, but is generally lacking.   Overall it's good but not amazing.
Evolation yoga studio offers strictly Bikram classes during which the temperature of the room is maintained at 105 F. This kind of yoga is pretty intense, so if you are a beginner, I would recommend starting with a few Vinyasa classes and building up to Bikram. With that said, the classes at evolation are pretty good, and leave you feeling flexible, and clear of mind.  The downside of evolation is the facilities; the yoga studio is cramped and has an awkward layout, and the temperature fluctuates. If you attend a 6 pm class, come early, or you will end up  squeezed in the corner, rubbing elbows with sweaty neighbors. This place is a pretty good option for yoga in the city of Buffalo, I just wish the facilities were improved. Classes are on the pricey side, but every few months there are great Groupon offers for unlimited monthly passes if you want to develop your inner yogi!
This is a nice little yoga place in a great location (although there is a lot of competition in the Elmwood area). The first time I went, I had not realized how hard hot yoga would be. I showed up for the 105F class, and just was not prepared. I ended up leaving and they did not charge me for the class (I think I lasted all of fifteen minutes). A year and a half later and a bit more yoga practice, I showed up for the flow (80F) class. I definitely sweat, a lot, but I didn't feel trapped like I did in the hotter class. The poses were a bit repetitive and nothing too difficult, but were put in a rotation that went well for my body. Just as my legs were getting too tired/sore, the focus moved, which was nice. My friend really enjoyed it, too. It's two days later and I'm a bit sore, but in a good way. I will be going back again, though I will have to work my way up to even the "warm" class!
I went for my first yoga class at Evolation yesterday and I left feeling like a million bucks. I felt rewarded physically, mentally, and emotionally. I was in a great mood the rest of the night. Yoga is really a treat. If you are tempted to try it I assure you that it is worth giving a try. This place is great!
