This was my first massage. I am so glad that I found her, and she was honored to be my first massage therapist. I would suggest her to anyone that will listen. I can only say, that it was an hour in heaven. I loved, loved loved it. Don't go to those spas, or chains for your massage. Get it from someone that believes in and takes pride in her work. I can't say tooo much about this woman. Will go anytime I am in the area.
I've had massages all over the United States. Gail is the best anywhere without question. Don't look further
My fiancé and I had a one hour deep tissue.  We loved it! The staff was very delightful, friendly and dug right in for our massage. Left feeling so relaxed and renewed. I would most definitely come back. The establishment was clean, looked great, smelled great, relaxing the moment you walk in.  They are very attentive to your needs, and did exactly what I wanted and what was best for my back. Thank you for a wonderful experience!
Best massage I ever had hands down. I'm not a big massage person, probably because I've been let down a few times. Gail however has the magic touch! Professional, friendly and down to earth as well.
One of the best, most professional massages I have ever had! Gail was exceptional in all areas: working to get me in quickly, very strong hands by my request, focus on my problem area while providing an over the top massage to my entire body! I had the deep tissue massage and will go back to her if we ever return to Pensacola! She is very kind, friendly, and knows what she is doing! You will not be disappointed in an overall exceptional massage experience!
What was supposed to be a rainy day turned sunny. We cancelled noon massages at Fusion and searched for a new spa to accommodate us later in the afternoon, and quick!  We found Gail by way of a Google search of the area, and we could not have been happier with the service.  Not only did she fit us in at the last minute and provide an enjoyable massage, but she possesses a rare but welcoming smile, outlook, and attitude that translates into excellent customer service. Without a doubt, I  wholeheartedly recommend you take your business here.
Best LMT in town. One can tell that Gail is very compassionate about her work and clients.  She catered to all my aches and pains, and the environment is very relaxing! I knew I was going to enjoy this massage the moment I heard the music playing (Zen Garden)!
