This is my favorite place to get a pedicure and not only because it is so close to home. These ladies give the best pedicures I've ever had! From the foot massage to the filing of my nails, and I'm picky about that. And these girls "nail it" literally. The massage chairs are the best I've ever sat in. Polish always looks amazing and LASTS. And the girls here are super friendly and very welcoming! They offer me wine and play relaxing music! What's not to love about all of that?
Seriously the beat pedicure I've had! All the ladies are super sweet. I can't believe how well they took care of my feet and paid extra attention to detail! I'm from out of town, but if I lived here this would be my spot! Definitely recommend to anyone local or just passing through!
I was visiting from out of town and dropped by after researching this place on yelp. Everyone was so friendly, especially Rosie, and my pedicure turned out great!!! Had my eyebrows done too (which I was a little hesitant about, but shouldn't have been) which also turned out amazing. I am pretty picky about my nail salons, but I would definitely recommend this one to a friend!! I'll be back the next time I'm in town!
This place is great! I walked in for a mani pedi and was extremely happy with how my nails look and the experience! Wendy is so sweet!
Back for a second time and still in love with this salon! I'm sad that in my 7 years in California I never found a place like this.  I absolutely love how sweet all of the girls in here are and how comfortable they make you feel as soon as you walk in! Can't beat the glass of wine you get as soon as you sit down and the fact that they seem to remember not only you but the service you got the time before. If you're in the area (navy or whatever the case is) you must try this place out! Trust me!!! And write them a review... Once you're done ;) you won't regret it
My Husband and I came here for a pedi and I got my nails filled. They were all really sweet and funny and welcoming. My only complaint is that my nails were cut way shorter than I had asked (maybe I didn't make myself clear) and both my husband and started having really bad pain in out big toes. I know that mine were dug at a lot more than normal and it was pretty painful and my husband said the woman that did his cut his nail and then tore it out. His is also getting infected. They told me my fill was $12 and I got basic color done which cost me 5 extra bucks which I thought was a little crazy. The wanted to use a razor on my heel and I denied it I didn't want to be cut. All in all my nails came out pretty well even though they were short.
On Vacation and saw this Nail Salon on Yelp, they are Awesome.  The Service was great they take the time to Pamper and satisfy all your needs. After a great Mani Pedi I got my Eyelashes done, they came out Natural and Really Pretty.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND A Visit
This place was great!  Very friendly and nice.  Had a great pedicure and daughter had manicure with French tips.  They were very busy, but still took time and did good job.  I will go back.
The Elite Pedicure was one of the best pedicures I have had! My toe nails were thoroughly cleaned and pampered with an extra long massage! The ladies were extremely friendly and really take their time to give you personal attention. I will be back
In Pensacola for a few weeks and desperately needed a mani .. After trying polished nail bar near by last week and being VERY disappointed by how overpriced they were I ventured out to a new spot. M. Nail is awesome! Rosy was extremely nice and so friendly and I absolutely love how comfortable they made me feel. My polish looks awesome and much neater than the other spot I went to before and it wasn't nearly as expensive! I will definitely be coming back here before I leave Pensacola!!!
