AMAZING!  Can't say enough good things about this place. Got a extra conditioning, cut, and blow out with Kelly today. It's perfect. Best blow out I've ever received. The staff was professional, friendly, and on point.
Ok being a military spouse makes it hard to stick with a good salon and stylist. When we move here in 2011, I was on the look out for someone who is on top of trends both cutting and color. Well, my two experiences here were short of acceptable. First I got my hair cut long layers not to hard to mess up but the layers didn't really flow the way I am used to...I thought ok whatever, the real test will come with coloring. Ok...I told the colorist that I want dark brown (keep it to my natural color so my roots don't show) with golden undertones. What did I get? Almost black with purple undertones?!?! I was pissed to say the least...I called back and they had me come in to remove the color and the stylist that removed it said "oh now it looks so much better!" NO it Doesn't!!! It looks like how it was BEFORE I colored it!!! She thought it was nice?!?! WTH?! So I made her redye it to the color of my liking...I didn't care if it took time off from her having to sit and chat with her friends but she did a half way job! The color was right, but she let me leave the salon with my hair damp at the roots and frizzy! She didn't want to take the time to dry it completely and smooth it with a flat iron! The one thing that really made me mad was the "owner" was from Seattle (like me) and was trained at my favorite salon Gene Juarez! Let me tell you though, she was ALL sorts stuck up and RUDE!!! She has no right to be stuck up  around her customers when WE are the ones that pay her check every week! I want to get my hair ombré with bayalage like the epic stylist Guy Tang does for his clients and he is the ombré MASTER!! They are seriously gonna make me wait till I fly to Hollywood just to see Guy because he is the only one that I feel is worthy enough to touch my hair!:) These stylist especially the owner needs a slice of humble pie and start SERVING their clients the right way! Thank you...
I wish I had lived in Pensacola longer to continue getting my hair done here. I only went three times to get high lights and haircut-however, all three times, I made appointments with Kelly & was extremely happy with my services! Not only is Kelly fantastic at what she does, which would keep me coming back anyway-but the receptionists were SO accommodating to my schedule as well. I honestly had to reschedule four times for my last appointment, and they were so understanding & made me WANT to keep coming back. No complaints here. Never had to wait, never overcharged, never felt that I didn't get what I wanted, etc. Thank you, & I hope I can find a good salon in San Diego too!
A bit of a nomad, I'm used to saying goodbye to favorite places/people, little gems and best kept secrets, but on the flip side I do enjoy the hunt for the new, when and wherever I happen to land. However, I will say that just because I don't carry one stylist in my back pocket, doesn't mean I'm cavalier about who touches my hair. For me....it's all about...'do they listen'. I have long hair...I like it that way...I want to keep it. If I tell this to a stylist and they cut it how he or she sees fit even after we have the ' No more than an inch' talk, then it's ciao! and I'm outta there, never to return. Kelly at Style Downtown gave me everything I wanted. I phoned, I got an appointment in under a week, I was on time, she was on time, I told her exactly what I wanted and she gave it to me. It really doesn't need to be more complicated than that. Kelly was engaging when I wanted and when I sat there eyes closed, she carried on quietly. As for the space....cool and comfortable indeed. I'll definitely be back. In fact....I look forward to it.
I discovered this salon on Yelp but had tried other salons in the area before when I moved from California to Florida. I was very dissatisfied with other salons (there's an abundance of good salons in CA and was frustrated with my search for a salon in FL), but this salon is the best in the area. I have only worked with Candace, but I trust her judgment. My first visit was a drastic change from long hair to a short bob, and I was pretty nervous. I brought picture examples of the look I wanted, and Candace adjusted it to fit my face shape and it was fantastic. I've gone back to her for highlights and trims, as I'm growing my hair out again. Also, if you join their Facebook page, they announce when they're looking for hair models for cuts, coloring, etc. and offer these services for way cheaper than the regular price. But make reservations for these quick! My one gripe is that they can get so busy that I wasn't able to make an appointment for a long time between my work schedule. But they're the best in the area and, I think, worth the wait.
The haircuts I've gotten here are decent, but the scheduling process is inconsistent and sometimes downright awful. The receptionists seem to be constantly changing, no one remembers who you are when you call (I'm not a difficult customer, I swear, it's just that after a while, it's a little odd) and they frequently mess up and either double book or overbook appointments. Going somewhere else now.
I just moved out here from California it's hard to find a good stylist who won't hack off all your hair and mess things up. This place was pretty impressive, nice staff, and they know what they're doing. I got a simple trim (with layers), so nothing too complex. Jackie cut it exactly as I asked, as I'm always nervous that the stylist will cut it way too short. No complaints, but it was slightly pricey. You get what you pay for, worth it!
I am picky about my hair and researched a salon that uses Goldwell color. My stylist couldn't recreate my haircut and over processed my highlights, making me too blonde. I then got charged a lot more for the services than what's listed on their website. They even added an addition $15 fee for my highlights.  I have short hair and inquired what the extra fee was for. I was told they count every dip into the color bowl and I needed extra?! Oh, and if you check in on Facebook, you receive $5 off your service.  After I told them I checked in, they didn't offer that promotion even though it's written on the blackboard in the salon. I'd try somewhere more pleasant next time.
I found out about this beautiful salon on Yelp, walked in without an appointment and was quickly and very graciously accommodated. Candace did not need me to tell her much, she knew exactly what I wanted. Highly recommend this salon-very happy!
This place is great!  I have a lot of hair and I am very picky about who does it.  I get highlights using balayage.  My haircut is perfect for me.  When I told them that I wanted to grow out my hair they agreed and they are truly helping me do this.  I love it here!
I was very skeptical about finding a salon after moving here from California. Lucky for me I went with Style Downtown and could not be happier. All the girls there are AMAZING. I have been there for pretty much every service and have watched the other girls do hair and everyone walks out looking beautiful with smiles on their faces. Before style I had tried many extension that destroyed my hair and finally convinced my husband to let me try 18" hair extensions from Style. Not only do they look amazing but they did not bug the crap out of my head for 3 days like other hair extensions and they are very safe for my hair. They also offer military discounts and a lot of other perks when you follow them on facebook. I will be taking advantage of having such a great salon near us until we get stationed somewhere else. I go to Cortney but would trust any of the other girls if she was not available.
