The first time I got a bikini wax it hurt like hell.  Then I went to Robin at studio 28 and it was so much better.  Still painful, but she was super patient and tried to ensure my comfort.  I've also gotten my haircut there by Amanda and another lady (can't remember her name)  and they both cut my hair exactly the way I wanted. The wax is about the same price as anywhere else, but the haircuts are a bit pricey....
Studio Twenty-8 is the place that I *always* hear people talking about. Rodney is one of the owners and cut my hair for a while, after a friend of mine recommended their studio. He does a great job! They offer ever conceivable hair/spa service you can imagine, so no matter what you need, you should definitely check them out!
In search of a Brazilian wax while staying in Pensacola for a few months I found Sheryl by searching yelp.  I called and was able to get an appointment the same day, I think I was lucky there was one opening. I could not be happier!  A wonderful job!  She's very friendly and professional!  I would go see her regularly, and if I find myself in Pensacola again she will be the only person I'll see!  She sells Advocare as well and let me sample one of their drinks.  She even gave a follow up phone call the next day!
Super impressed.  First visit today.  Salon was easy to find and very nice inside.  I met with Sheryl.  She was courteous and professional.  I've had some bad experiences with waxing in the past.  But Sheryl knows what she's doing.  The procedure was basically pain free.  And Sheryl is fast!  She's easy to talk to and the conversation flows so the time flies by!  I'll definitely be back!
Heidi Grether is a terrific hair stylist and colorist.  She always sees me on-time and then takes the time to listen, study and execute perfectly.  I have never had less than an awesome haircut.  She is a caring person and a skilled professional.  Couldn't be a better experience.
I received a gift certificate from a friend out of town.  Not sure I would have gone here if I hadn't.  I decided to get a massage and was booked with Tara.  I had a 90 deep tissue massage and I can honestly say it was the best massage I have ever had, and I have had a ton - mainly in the DC area.  Tara was attentive and kind and helped me to really relax before the massage ever started.  She used the right pressure and helped me relieve a lot of shoulder tension.  She was comprehensive - aside from the whole body, she spent time on my face, neck and scalp and even did some reflexology work on my feet.  She used different types of heat to loosen the muscles she wasn't working on.  I will definitely be going back.  She was hard to find a time with which makes sense - I understand why she's in demand.
Studio Twenty-8 is a fabulous full service salon.  The cool, award-winning deco building was beautifully restored by Rodney & Jolly, and is a perfect fit in the historic North Hill neighborhood in which it resides. Classy, modern, relaxing, and always evolving, this salon has something for everyone. Rodney colored and cut my hair for more than 10 years, always gave great advice, and I can honestly say he is among the best in the business.  Many, many salons and hair dressers have come and gone in Pensacola, but Rodney and Jolly have succeeded all these years due to their expertise and attention to detail. This salon is not about screaming kids running around rampant, too-loud music, or nasty, unkempt hoodoos hanging about the front desk. This is an experience, and a great one. A nice glass of wine, great jazz playing, and best of all, fabulous hair! Try Tara for a massage (wow!) and Robin for a facial and purrrrfect brows, and you won't be disappointed.
When I normally go get my hair done, I expect to drop around 300$. That's what I've always paid in California for an amazing job, that's what I expected to pay anywhere else. Anything cheaper and it becomes a mixed experience. And I have had a lot of bad experiences. Naturally, moving to Pensacola made me nervous about finding someone who could do the justice it deserved and could do a good color job. It's a smaller town and I kinda expected a drop in quality. I was recommended Studio Twenty-8 from a friend who said they did an amazing job- the best in the area. I guess they do a lot of monthly deals there, because I was able to get my hair done for around 150$ (cut AND color). The place feels a little dated. The colors on the inside give it an 80's feel. And oh boy did that make me nervous.  But everyone was really nice and would chat with you. They even serve wine there. After about 4 hours, it took a little bit longer than I expected, I went from a roots showing redhead to full on shinny ombre hair. And it looked great. My hair hadn't looked that good in a long time. And the Ombre style didn't look blocky, but had a natural layer to it, giving it a beach look. The only thing that upset me a little, was I wanted the tips of my hair to have a little more copper color in them. After asking Jean, the lady who cut and colored, she told me that she didn't want to do anything too dramatic and scare me away. Okay, I understand. She agreed that next time I should go for the copper. They also accept credit cards, a rare thing in really high end salons. Normally it's check or cash. I don't trust a lot of people with my hair after very bad experiences, but Studio Twenty-8 is the place to go, unless you want to drive all the way to Destin. I'm def going again.
Heidi rocks my world. I arrived at this salon "dyed, fried, I apologize" ~ a beach blonde hot mess with fried locks and uneven bleach/blond/yellow/somehighlighter (I went there) hair. I mean it looked good.  Playboy.  That's a thing in Pensacola.  Don't hate. Anyway, after probably close to 3 hours, I emerged a shimmering, classy, orgasm-inducing brunette that probably made you crave chocolate from 50 yards away.  Shiny, healthy, dramatic, toss-my-head hair.  I'll upload a pic because yes, it is THAT good. Go Heidi.  Go brunette.
This is regarding their waxing: Sheryl. For a beach town there aren't many places to get a bikini wax in Pensacola! It is a service every lady needs and once you have a pro do it you will not go back to trying this yourself. So much more comfortable and well done. Sheryl is a TOTAL pro- cheerful, incredibly professional, and very knowledgeable about skin and body. She is absolutely not awkward (like other places I have been) and gets it done quickly and as painlessly as possible. I would definitely recommend going here for this service. Reasonable price, good atmosphere, and professional, hygienic service. For a waxing service that's about as good as it gets! I have also had Heidi cut my hair and she is also fantastic!
This place was nice. I almost passed it trying to find it, but the inside is way better than the out. I wasn't greeted until I was sitting for about 10 minutes because the woman at the front was telling a co-worker a story. After another woman walked in and was seated, I was finally acknowledged. Not sure if it had to do with me bringing my six year old nephew or not. I was getting airbrush makeup done for my wedding since it was outside in October and my photographer raved over this makeup artist. The girl was very very sweet! I will not deny that. However, when I made the appointment, the woman who answered my questions said the product would not come off until I was ready for it to. Looking at my pictures from start to finish on my wedding day, the makeup definitely came off before I wanted it to. Everyone else in the salon loved my nephew. He's a cute and quiet fellow who loves Angry Birds. They were very helpful with making sure he had a chair close by and a plug in for my phone in order for him to stay entertained. For that, I am grateful. My only suggestion would be for whoever answers the phone to know more about the product and pricing. The trial run is around $80 I believe, then the makeup is $125. I wish that if you loved your trial run that the $80 would go toward the day of makeup. Since it's not, I'd go in and say I needed a trial because the product was definitely not that great. Also, why is the bridesmaids makeup cheaper? $80? I asked the receptionist why is my makeup more expensive when it is my day, and her response was, "well because it IS your day!" Well, oh, okay. When I asked if the bridesmaids get a lesser quality, the makeup artist didn't have a definite answer for me. She says it's the same product and quality. Some of the things don't add up, but I'd go back because over all the customer service was delightful after the phone call and initial greet.
I highly recommend this salon for your waxing needs! Sheryl is so proficient and personable, and my appointment flew by. I was nervous about finding somewhere new after moving, and it's safe to say I have found it. Very clean location, as well as friendly and professional staff!
Please, if this is the Salon that everyone "always talks" about could somebody please tell them their Salon looks like it should be burnt down and rebuilt, downtown maybe.  This place makes me want to VOMIT with its 6 times over painted puke pink walls and wood doors from 80's.  I could go on with this monstrosity. I didn't have any hair services done here nor would i take my pit bull (if I had one) to get his toenails trimmed.   What I did come here for was a Brazilian bikini wax, which apparently there are only 3 salons in Pcola that do that.  I must say Sheryl does not belong here!!!! She is young HOT knows her stuff and belongs in a trendy hip modern salon ( like VIBE Inc, check them out)
