Food is great, and pretty cheap as far as it goes. Service is generally okay, but considering I've only ever sat outside, I can't be too picky. The patio out back gets a bit too warm, despite best efforts to cool it off, though that's not their fault. Wednesday nights is trivia night, and I feel its an awesome and fun experience. I recommend going to it at least once.
This place is fantastic!!!! Had the philly steak. Outstanding!!! Great little place with a great beer menu. Larry the owner is a gem!!!
Who's minding the store? I sooo wanted to give this place a great review, because I am all about the off-the-beaten-path local place with a memorable name, but... Went on Saturday around noon or 12:30, "open" sign, but with an empty parking lot and a definite " go away" feel. Tried again early Sunday afternoon around 1:15. Several cars in the parking lot reassured me that maybe Saturday was a fluke, but no one was there... behind the order counter... or in the back bar area. Was completely desolate other than one table of four or five folks. The folks were munching, but even they seemed to view us as invisible. VERY ODD. Was something out of a zombie movie. I mean, wouldn't most people in the south offer up something like... "not really sure where they went, but... a. ...i just saw 'em go that way. They'll probably be around in a sec." b. ...There's only one guy/gal working." c. ... (eyeroll) you probably want to try another place." Or... d. .... MMMMM.... BRAINS!" Wow. A "be right back" sign even written on a paper towel would have been so helpful and saved this review. Being on a a little bit of tight schedule, we left and went down the road to another place. While, sadly the eventual sandwich restaurant was obviously a chain, at least it didn't have that Bates Motel feel.
I walked in and was immediately welcomed.  They explained the menu options to me, they were patient while I was deciding, and the sandwich I ate was one of the best turkey sandwiches on pumpernickel I've ever eaten.  Friendly staff and great service.  I was only there for lunch, but I want to come back for dinner to enjoy their vast beer selection they had posted on the wall!
Low key, casual, great beer selection, and an AMAZING grilled cheese sandwich.  I love going to this place because it is very relaxed.  There is live music frequently and there is a trivia night.  The hours are erratic though, so it's best to call ahead. The food is decent, but I feel it is oversalted, and the kitchen is way too fond of butter-it. The beer selection is good, fresh, plentiful.  I can deal with a little salt for that.
Really wanted to give this place a try but just like the last review, The place was empty not a person there. We called out and nothing very very odd. We were not sure what was happening . Very dark musty smell.. We took a to go menu and left. It must be nice to have a empty place not one customer and still not even pretend to care What give Goat lips?
Delicious pot roast, friendly  owners, good beer selection. This is definitely a hole-in-the-wall and you're going to have to excuse the lack of amenities, it's bare bones but delicious. What I like most is that this place attracts a diverse crowd of college students, blue collar workers, and folks who just like good food.
The interesting name caught our attention!! The pot roast was tasty and the jerk chicken sandwich was spicy and flavorful!! The chips with salsa and chili con queso was delish!!
Great little hole in the wall restaurant, pub, bakery, live music venue!  Muffaletta was pretty tasty and the beer was cold.
Went for lunch and everybody in our group got the jerk chicken sandwich.  Some people thought it was super hot (they were British though and they think everything is hot) but I thought it was just right.
Yum yum yum the name is crazy the location is strange but the foods great. Gyros are really good, chicken sandwiches wont let you down either. This place is worth a try.
Nice little "off the beaten path" spot for tasty sandwiches and killer beer selection.  I like 'em for lunch any day of the week!
Used to go here a lot.  It's a great little whole in the wall.  The owner is really nice guy who seems to always wear a corduroy jacket.  The muffulata is amazing.  The burrito is good and so is the italian.  No vegetarian friendly I would say but they do have a great Greek salad.  Really nice place to go drink beer with friends if you don't want a lot of other people around.  Good selection of bottled beers from various microbreweries.  Stopped going here because the last couple times my boyfriend found mold on his bread.   We might try it in a few months.  I don't know how they stay open because I've never seen more than 4 tables occupied at one time.
