I was really pleased with Metropolis Vintage, mostly because they had a ascot neck tie. I have been searching everywhere for an ascot as I intend to bring them back into the fashion forefront. they are a mens silk tie, that Fred used to wear in Scooby doo. Let me tell you, ascots really cool, and it's about time someone started thinking outside the box when it come down to mens neck fashions. I mean,  one standard tie that migrates between thick and this is all there is. Oh, yeah.... a bowie. that only cool if you are a nerd or a republican. Since everybody hates republicans right now (correctly) you might get yourself cought in some kind a hate game. I also bought a vest that costs $175. I don't really want to talk to much about that, but it was from the 1920's. It's in good shape, and I was not able to leave the store without it. It's more money than I have ever spent on a single piece of clothes. It really belongs in a museum or something, but it's in my closet. Screw you museums!
Honestly, there's a pretty great selection. However, the price range is very very expensive. I only go when there's a sale because sometimes I can get a dress for $20 during the sale. But, everything else is closer to the $100 mark or above. The owner is very rude to her customers which is kind of counter-intuitive considering that she might actually want to sell her stock instead of keeping everything. But, who knows. Maybe she does want to keep it all. But! If you get there and the other lady is there, it's a very pleasant shopping experience! You'll know because she'll be very helpful and nice while you shop instead of ignoring you and telling you not to touch anything. I've bought 3 dresses from her. Two purple dresses from the 1950s and a dress from the 40s. They still needed repair, though. I understand. It's vintage. But, she should take more pride in her garments and have them repaired and pristine before selling them for over $100. Just sayin'. I actually shop at a vintage store in Glens Falls because she takes better pride in her clothing and only sells pristine garments without any need for repair and has way better range of prices!
The first time my friend and I went into Metropolis Vintage, we were awestruck by how many amazing pieces of vintage clothing and jewelry were in the store. The prices were pretty high for us (all the clothing hovered somewhere near-ish to $100), but there were a couple pretty decent sales. The treatment we received during our visit (and especially on our next visit), however, was appalling. We both felt very unwelcome and uncomfortable, as if we were being watched and about to be pounced on for touching something we weren't supposed to. The owner was not friendly, but perked up only slightly when she realized my friend was going to buy something. Our next visit was much, much worse. My friend called ahead to see if the owner would like to look through our vintage clothes that belonged to our mothers and grandmothers (circa 1950's to 1975) and see if she would like to purchase them from us. She said sure, and she was almost downright nice on the phone. When we got there, however, it was a completely different story. She rummaged through my friend's bag, throwing the clothes on the floor in a heap and then told my friend to put the clothes back in the bag herself because she didn't want any of them. She then looked through my friend's bag of jewelry and shoved a fistful of the jewelry back into a small jewelry box, almost crushing it all. She then proceed to lecture us for around 10 or 15 minutes, saying the clothing we brought her was not "real vintage," then accused us of bringing in our own clothes, as if we were trying to rip her off. She then offered me 3 dollars for my grandmother's embroidered shirt, which was no doubt going to be sold for 25 times more than that. I had never been so insulted in my life.
The clothes here often make me squeal with delight, even when I can't really justify another vintage ballgown.
Rude crude OWNER! Terrible woman who is lying through her teeth. Most of her stuff are from the 60's and she says they are from the 20's, so she can justify adding another 200 bucks on top of their real value. She can do that because most of her customers don't know any better, but take someone who knows and they will tell you. I admit I baught a couple of pieces from her, but that was after I looked around for 40 mins,and that's from someone who buys a lot :) Apprantly the show Broadwalk has a bunch of customs and stuff from her shop (she proudly displays a thank you note from someone associated with the show in her shop). She has a good selection of stuff but I think she will always have that selection because no one will buy it. Very nasty, better suited for a jailer than a shop owner!
