Michael's is my store when I need good quality Photo Albums. My wife and I are obsessed with taking pictures when we go on trips or just of my son as he grows. I still use a real Camera to take pictures, I don't believe in replacing a camera with a phone, the quality will never be the same. If you decide to shop at Michael's, make sure to go on their website and print the coupons so you can get some discounts. The photo albums I buy hold 400 pictures and they are priced at around $20.00 without applying the discounts. This store has a large department of photo frames and pretty much everything you will need to display your pictures.
Always a great place for crafts and ideas. Came 15 min before closing I felt bad but the staff was still super nice . They have the end of season clearance some and extra 70off. Always a friendly staff and helpful if needed. Make sure you sign up for emails as you always get coupons as there was one for an extra 25% off sale and reg price items. Only downside is trying to get in and out of the parking lot be careful.
I come into this store on a pretty regular basis. And, on a pretty regular basis, I aimlessly wander around looking for my target item. (You would think that after becoming a regular that I would be able to navigate the shop with ease and grace... sadly, no) Despite sporting a helpless and vacant look as I meander up and down the isles, no one NO ONE ever asks if I need help! EVER! The employees look at me as if I just crawled out of a spaceship in the middle of the store. Plus, they appear so busy/unapproachable that I always determine that it's best to just waste my time and figure things out myself. I am not a shy person by any means, so for someone to elicit avoidance behavior out of me is very strange. Of course, I always have to end up going to the register to "find" someone and ask them where things are. And if that's not bad enough, the register always (and I mean always) has a long-ass line, probably because the other employees are scattered throughout the store staring down unsuspecting customers. I will continue to to go Michael's because it's convenient and the selection of items in the store is great. But, good lord, the employees need to step up their game!
I am specifically writing this review regarding my great experience with their custom framing department.  I am an art lover and the place I used for years on Orange Ave has recently shut down.  I found an ad about Michaels framing being on sale and thought I would give them a try.  The specialist was great at matching the matting with prints, picking out frames that compliment oil paintings and even helped with a custom frame for my daughter's art project.  The best part is it cost half of what I usually pay for the same quality. The process is not fast so if you're in a rush, this isn't the place for you.  It took three weeks due to some problems with the weather at their facility (Apparently they send all framing off to Texas) but it was a great value for a great job.
I love the custom framing department at this Michael's.  No matter what type of art work I've taken in to be framed, the framers who have helped me have always been quick to recommend mats, several different selections of frames, and appropriate glass.  Whenever I go to pick up my finished piece, I've always been thrilled with the end result.   My most recent experience was with a colorful Panamanian mola -- a type of embroidered textile -- for which I paid about $20 at a craft market.  Once I arrived home and took it to Michael's, the specialist recommended stretching and mounting the fabric on acid free foam core backing, helped me select complimentary double mats, a beautiful black satin beveled frame, and finally, the masterpiece glass which would top off the whole thing.   Including tax, the completed work, 21-1/4" x 17-1/4", cost approximately $150. So buyer beware: even at 60% off, custom framing can be quite pricey.  But in the end, you'll love the results!   My finished, professionally framed mola is a wonderful souvenir of my travels in Latin America and it looks stunning hanging in my home.  Thank you, Michael's Arts & Crafts!
You see... me and Michaels are currently having a wonderful customer/ store relationship. We have been going strong this past month, so strong that I go back every week to score lucky points on arts & craft goods. This is a store that gets my inner creative bug loose because they have great examples of ideas either listed around the store or on their website. michaels.com/Projects/pr… When decorations or gifts are handmade they are really from the heart so it makes it that extra special. I recommend Michaels for every holiday, birthday, or special event. You can make your own centerpieces, table wares, decorated candles, painting, frames, the possibilities are endless. Upon shopping always check for coupons listed on the receipt or in the weekly ads. Especially with the holidays coming up I have seen a great line of deals that will start rolling out such as 20% coupons or bogo. I am coordinating the decorations for my friend's baby shower and I have chose Michaels to be my supplier for decoration ideas. The theme is little prince so I have done everything from paint spraying crowns, to flat ironing little prince on onesies and bibs, to baby shower bows, and now coming up with an arts & crafts castle. Just imagine all the things you can come up with by giving this store a shot.
Crappy service and unfriendly staff.
After experiencing hobby lobby for the first time, I retired from michaels. They have an okay selection, but nothing compared to hobby lobby, and the staff is t as friendly.
I shop here because really what else do we have? Joanne's has fewer craft items and hobby lobby is too far. Good luck ever getting an employee to help you at Michaels and always bring a coupon!
