I went in here to try to find some new make up. After living here for years, I'd never been in. The girl who helped me was nice. She tried a bunch of foundations on me, but none of them were really what I wanted. She had me sit near/in natural light (good thing, 'cause fluorescent lighting = ew for make up trials).  She was helpful, and not pushy about settling for something I didn't want (I am more than a little specific on the makeup I slather over my face when I deign to wear it). She even apologized a bunch for not being able to find something I liked. First time in a while I didn't get a "Wellll, this is kind of like what you wanted... so why don't I just ring that up for you?". No clue how much prices are since I didn't buy anything, but I'll consider it in the future. This is a higher end store - some NARS, etc. Really high end moisturizers. So think of like the best/most expensive section of Sephora.
After a while, boutiques around here just become conglomerated into the same darn things. Designer this, pretty dressses that, high prices here, ever-changing stock there. But, Circles really does stick out a bit over the "norm". When you first walk in, you're greeted with high piles of denim to the left and to the right. If you're looking for the latest and most expensive new denim designer out there (or if you still love those Sevens), it's here. A sophisticated walk toward the back, and you'll find shoes straight out of the newest Lucky/Glamour/Cosmo/Nylon issue, in a separated display that does well to highlight the kicks. In the adjoining room, racks of breathtaking gowns to playful grown-up rompers wait to be touched and swirled. It's a rather large place, filled with intelligent stock and only a few of "wait, what?" pieces from runway design. The owner is such a sweetheart that I feel ridiculous not remembering her name. Although it's a women's-only boutique, it's definitely a one-stop-shopping-after-that-paycheck-hits place. If greatly made and uniquely pieced clothing is your thing, get to know the owners' name.
I went into Circles to return a bracelet that was defective, and the sales ladies were extremely rude. They said they didn't have anything in the store that was similar, and they would need a number to send the bracelet back for repair. One of the sales ladies went to the bracelet display and removed an item. They began whispering and then writing notes to each other .... All of this right in front of me. They were not honest and not very professional. For such a high class store, the people who represent the store have no class.
I was very pleasantly surprised on my visit to Circles last night, as the last time I was there (at least four years ago) I was very underwhelmed.  My friend and I were shopping for designer jeans, and the sales associates working there were extremely personable and helpful, and we both left extremely satisfied.  They knew a lot about the brands they carried, which is a big deal for me.  I browsed around the store while my friend was still trying stuff on and was very surprised at the selection of cosmetics they carried.  I didn't know they had Laura Mercier here--not just the makeup but the bath and body line too--so I'll be buying that here from now on instead of from Macy's or Sephora or some other corporate store.  I'll definitely be back, and pretty regularly, too.
a touch of city in smallbany. this boutique has designer jeans, accessories and beauty supplies that are hard to find elsewhere in the capital district. they have everything from formal dresses to flip flops. the stock is always changing, so its worth checking back often. prices are a little high, but where else in this town are you going to find these hard to locate items...online dress shopping just doesn't compare.
