How often do you meet someone that is totally passionate and in love with their job/career? That's how I would describe Jamie, the owner of SuperAwesomeCoolPottery. How can you not enjoy yourself with a teacher as great as her?! My family was visiting Florida and we had the opportunity to work as a family on the pottery wheels and create some unique art. I have an A-Type personality and can be somewhat of a perfectionist and Jamie was super paitient and understanding, while explaining to me that the uniqueness of each piece is what makes it special! Our family had a great time in  her studio and will most certainly return when we return to Orlando.  Jamie agreed to mail us our art once it was fired in the kiln and we are looking forward to receiving them. It was a great memory!!!
Sometimes in this world we all need to release creative outlets on way or another. Sometimes we just need the tools to create masterpieces or maybe we just need some super awesome cool pottery studio in our lives. This pottery studio is located on Orange Ave right before you hit Dunkin Donuts and the Gun Range. If it wasn't for livingsocial I would of never of found this neat gem. Upon checking this place out I found it's not only a pottery studio but a place where you can paint already made items like bowls and mugs for great prices ($10-20) --wow can somebody say cheap! Now the owner Jamie has such a friendly personality, she immediately welcomed me in and walked me through the process of making a pottery bowl. She made the experience of making pottery tons of fun which made me come to the conclusion that now I want a clay spinner! I believe the studio is the perfect size because it is really intimate and cozy. The tables have all the brushes and tools needed to paint away. Just a couple of tips before coming in: 1.) Call in advance and check on availability especially on the weekends. 2.) Wear clothes that you don't care gets dirty 3.) Be prepared to stick your fingers on clay (if you are doing the pottery bowl experience) 4.) Whatever you paint will be available in 2 weeks since it needs to go inside the oven. I'm a true believer by saying the name of this studio goes with the place. Now I want to take everybody I know here to experience pottery making!
Big disappointment...   I bought 2 Groupons for their Kids Night Out deal - $13/child (reg price $26/child) The deal was supposed to include: * supervised class from 6:30 to 9:30 on a Friday night * pottery project (like, actually making a piece of pottery from scratch) * dinner time (BYO or you could pay an add'l $4 for pizza) * after dinner, they'd get all cleaned up and watch a movie So... this was a great idea during the Christmas shopping season.  We dropped off the kids so we could get our shopping done.  I'm glad we brought food for the kids because the pizza turned out to be from Cici's...  You know, Cici's has a "3 pizzas for $10 deal."  Wow...  SACP is making a killing off the pizza alone haha... When we picked up the kids, I was looking forward to see their pottery creations.  Instead, Jamie (the owner) informs us that she likes to follow what the kids want to do.  So, they each painted a pre-made piece of pottery which we had to leave behind so she could throw it in the kiln.  They were Christmas tree ornaments, but they weren't ready for pick up until 12/23.  (The class was 12/16) what?!!  a) the whole point of this class was for them to make some pottery from scratch, right??  and 2) why is she asking the kids what they want to do?  shouldn't she ask the parent who paid good money for a pottery class?  by signing up for a pottery class, didn't the parents already cast their vote?  geesh... Plus, when we returned the room was crazy!  The kids were not watching a movie quietly, as she had led us to believe they would be.  (That was part of her selling point.  The kids would be calm and lulled to sleep by the time we came back haha...)  Turned out that they had a problem with Netflix, or so she said,...  So, no movie.  Instead, the kids were playing board games and cards, some were running amok,...  They were so amped up.  aaargh... She did give each kid a sticker voucher for another Kids Night Out deal for half price.  But, I'm pretty sure I won't be using them. **btw, I still haven't gone back to pick up the ornaments :-(
This was a great way to spend a rainy afternoon. You can make your own pottery using the wheel, take classes, and paint your work (or choose to paint pre-made pieces).  The instructor was very friendly and there were many options to choose from.  The prices were reasonable and there were many coupons available to make it an even better deal.  They also have membership options for those who like to go more regularly.  The staff at Super Awesome Cool Pottery let you work at your own pace- at no time did we feel rushed or unable to ask questions. My biggest complaint was the choice in music, which was very repetitive pop songs.  Overall, I would recommend this place.
My daughter takes classes here and loves it. She's made her own cups and a small vase, and a bunch of other things. Jamie, the owner, is patient and kind and a great teacher. My daughter never wants to leave :)
The instructor Ellen was very friendly and helpful in showing the basics of the pottery wheel and the painting techniques. In summary, a fun class - highly recommended. Jamie sent the finished pieces before the promised date and that was indeed super-cool! :) Thanks, both. Kalyanee
Awful! Awful! Awful! I was there for a child's birthday party.  We were quoted one price over the phone, and were told that we could bring food due to having the party over the lunch hour.  (And the owner does not serve food) We were also told that we could stay for up to 1.5 hours to conclude the party.  The owner showed up in the middle of the party, after 1 hour, demanding to speak to the party host, whose daughter was celebrating her birthday.  She proceeded to drag the host outside are argue with her verbally for 15 minutes in front of an entire room of party goers ( there is a glass door and walls that leave the front and walkway visible.) She wanted more money because she charges extra if you want to bring food with you!  It's a birthday party! But apparently cake and ice cream warrant being charged almost double, even though she didn't provide any of it!  She was horrible, and made everyone in the party feel uncomfortable.  On top of that, there were 12 kids that wanted to pick up their pottery, and cannot do so if the charges were being disputed.   AWFUL! I would never return!  She ruined the entire party, and proceeded to apologize, saying she was sick and had a fever, which apparently causes her to make a scene in front of a room full of party goers. SHE IS AWFUL. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, AND PROVIDES NOTHING MORE THAN A CLEVER 'BAIT AND SWITCH' TO HOLD YOU POTTERY HOSTAGE UNTIL YOU PAY HER INFLATED CHARGES
