Best video game bar I've been to. There's a $5 cover and it's well worth it.  $5 gets you in and free play on any of the 30+ arcade machines (all retro), NES, SNES, N64, PS3, PS4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii U, Saturn, CD-i, 3DO, amongst other consoles.   It's unlimited play on any game out there.  There is a row of multiple Xbox 360's and PS3's lined up with couches to enjoy, while the current generation consoles are all at the bar. The beer menu is awesome!  There are beers from everywhere and all types, even some mead, which is not for me, but it's there.  I'm pretty sure there was mezcal too at one point.  Drinks are just beer, although there is sake, but now liquor. The owner is usually there and very friendly and willing to talk gaming or whatever when he has the time. The only possible downside is the location is you don't live near Disney World.  Driving from downtown Orlando can be lengthy with I-4 being so terrible. Overall, this place is a spot I go to semi-frequently and would suggest it to anyone who does or has ever enjoyed some retro gaming.
I was brought to Player 1 while in town, because I like video games, and I like to drink beer.  Player 1's business model that accommodates both of those vices leads to believe that it should be a perfect fit for a nerd like me. Player 1's located in a fairly nondescript shopping plaza that's pretty close to Lake Buena Vista and Downtown Disney.  That being said, parking is free and plentiful, which is always a convenience as far as I'm concerned. Upon entering, there's a small cover charge in the front, but the benefit to this is that once you walk through the door to the main part of the establishment, it's a small battleground of arcade cabinets, and they're all set to Free Play, so there's no need for quarters or tokens to play. My nostalgia is tickled frequently as Player 1's array of arcade cabinets seemed to range anywhere from Ms. Pac Man as "recent" as some of the later fighting games; but not a whole lot of genuine snore-fests that I'd outright ignore.  The one drawback to Free Play, is that sure, it's nice to not worry about running out of quarters, but in the cases of games like X-Men, it's only a matter of time before you just start spamming all your mutant powers because there's zero risk of being unable to beat the game.  Which leads old farts like me to play older games, like Galaga; I set the high scores on that ancient game, sure they probably reset on a nightly basis, but whatever. In addition to arcade games, there are numerous large televisions in which console games can be played.  I didn't necessarily examine on the variety of consoles, whether or not they had Xbox Ones or PS4s or anything, because I only wanted to play "an older" zombie shooter.  The procedure is pretty simple, as you go up to the front and "rent out" controllers and the desired game, if they have it, and you are provided with the hardware and software necessary to game on.  Based on my bank statements, it appears that separate deposit holds are taken out of every piece of equipment rented, that has yet to clear from my bank account at the time I'm writing this (three days). Aside from gaming, as mentioned, I came to get my drink on.  As would be guessed from any kind of hip place that deals with video games and nostalgic arcade cabinets, Player 1's beer list is pretty varied and definitely on the crafty side.  I don't even know if they even offered more traditional "waters" like Budweiser or Miller products.  That being said, I'm okay with that, and I'm more than happy to attempt to expand my horizons on new and different brews, which range anywhere from like $5-8 per pint/give-or-take. The only reason I don't outright give it a five-star is the simple fact that I really wish they had the capacity to serve food.  Sure, there's popcorn offered, and I'm not saying I'm a raging alcoholic by any stretch of the imagination, but I certainly like the convenience of having a burger or some gross fatty fried foods to help soak up my beer.  So maybe it's worth mentioning that eating before visiting Player 1, or having plans to eat afterward would be recommended. Overall, I liked Player 1 a lot, and it goes without saying that if I lived remotely in the area, this would undoubtedly be a regular hangout for me.  The modus operandi of the place is definitely relevant to my personal interests, and the rotating array of crafty brews is worth repeat trips to see what they get their hands on next to serve.  Lest I fail to mention, everyone who worked there were all friendly and nice folks.
To play any console you must open a tab. With weekends it can become extremely packed and sometimes it's hard to get to a console.  Overall,  I love the environment. Games are great, beer selection is great! And, the music isnt bad either.
Great place for adults to have wine and craft beers while playing games. Definitely fun!
Pros: -Huge beer selection. -Bartenders and owner are always super nice. -All the classic arcade games, emulators galore, X-Box "room", Guitarhero/DDR. -Burgertime, X-Men, Mario Party. -Big TVs over the bar for playing Mario Cart, Marvel VS Capcom, etc. -You can borrow games from front room to play online and co-op xbox games. -Aperture Science themed bathroom. -Video game themed paraphernalia in front room/artwork hung in game room leaves you in AWE. Cons: -Hmm....can't really think of any. -One time it took awhile to get my drink...even though its only beer. This obviously didn't effect my rating. -Get's busy, clearly because this place rules.
I. love. this place. The fact that I can drink wine and play Pac-Man for free is probably one of the best things about this place. The area it's located in is a little, dirty, the say the least, but the inside does not match that description. There are tons of options for those who like the old school games to the new games on pretty much any console you can think of. I don't know if they serve their own food here, but I did see on the menu boards that they partner with Run and Run, the Chinese food location next door. We probably would have tried that if we had not stopped for dinner right before we got there.
After a late dinner at Dragonfly, we tapped the locals for some suggestions regarding the local nightlife. The first suggestion didn't pan out, so we returned to our source, roughed him up a little bit. Turned out the bastard was holdin' out on us. Anyway... If you're into video games, and you enjoy surrounding yourself with like-minded individuals, you'll find this place especially enchanting. With the exception of Mortal Kombat, Dark Stalkers, Crazy Taxi, and a few others, this place features the most popular video game franchises from the '80s, '90s, and 2000s. However, if you prefer the d-pad over the joystick, console gaming is also an option. Open a tab at the bar, pick up a controller, and get your game on. The staff is friendly, and so are the patrons--whom, by the way, comprises mainly hipsters. For those of you looking to meet up with that gamer girl/guy you met on PlayStation Network or Xbox Live, this is the perfect place to do it.
I love this place! They have every game console imaginable and the older consoles have ROM's so they have an extensive catalog of games. For newer consoles like PS4 and XBox, there is a bank of large flat screen tv's and comfy gaming chairs in one area and you check out your game at the front desk. The cover charge is $5 and that gets you unlimited game play. There is one catch, this is a bar so they want you to drink while you play and there is a 2 drink per hour minimum. I didn't see them enforcing that rule, but keep that in kind.  They did have a nice selection of beer, both on tap and in a bottle. The bar keeps are nice and helpful, the decorations and vibe are exactly what you would want if you had a game room in your house. This is an adult establishment so no kids, and you must present ID when you enter.
Great place and they have good specials once in a while. Disappointing that all they serves is beer and wine and the food is really bad ( but popcorn is free so just go for that ). Sometimes games are broken for days and a lot of people just sit at some of the systems and refuse to move when you want to play. I'd suggest playing by the bar or the xbox 360 / playstation 3 systems since they usually are always working. Don't worry about dressing up, its a dark lit area so you won't see much anyways. It's more trendy than anything.
I been to a lot of barcades and this by far was the best one. The employees cosplay and dress up like video characters. 32 different types of beer. Tons of arcade machine (marvel vs capcom 1-2 xmen vs street fight etc.... all free 5$ entry
My wife and I found Player 1 on Yelp while on a weekend mini-vacation to Orlando and boy were we glad we did.  When we got back home it was all we could talk about.  We had lots of fun while we were gone but this was the highlight of our weekend away. This is definitely not your typical bar with the typical bar crowd.  It is somewhat divey but not in a dirty run down way.  I actually mean divey in the best way possible.  The people working in the bar are friendly and the patrons were all very nice, especially if you were waiting for a machine or for a drink.  The friendliness was a huge plus as my wife and I are not big bar goers and we usually don't have a great time at bars.  The layout can cause it to get a little cluttered with people between arcade cabinets but people moved over with a simple excuse me. The music is a good mixture and loud but not overwhelmingly so.  The beer and game selections are very good and the prices on the beers are fair.  The only downside to the bar is that they only serve beer, which was a big downside for my who is not a beer drinker.  Definitely not the place to try and get a cocktail. Their selection of games is something to behold.  They have older arcade games from Pacman and Donkey Kong up to The Simpsons and Marvel vs. Capcom.  They also boast a wide selection of consoles with designated areas to play them.  I was especially excited when I walked up to the bar and saw a guy playing Duck Hunt.  There was even a corner with Dance Central and Rock Band.  One thing that patrons must know though, is that to check out a game, they must have a current tab running and there were signs stating that to keep a game you must have one drink per half hour but I didn't see anyone enforcing it. I will definitely go back to Player 1 the next time I am in Orlando.  In fact, I can't wait to book my next trip.
This place is just super cool. I'm a big kid and love video games so this place was awesome it's games and beers and it's casual. No need to dress up although the bar tenders so dress up in cosplay which is cool but just have a food time ! It's video games for the love of all that is good! My only confusion is how to play the newer consoles ppl did seem to be glued to them which kinda didn't allow other to play as well but I also made no effort to reserve or check one out I guess. This place is a gem and I wish I had one back home ! Hope it will be here next summer for my vacation !
I will keep it simple.  Do you like Arcade, Xbox, and Classic systems such as NES, SEGA?... Do you like Craft beer and hate cheap domestic beers?  Then go here! You will love it!. .. Craft beer + Gaming for 5 dollar entry fee. Unlimited play for $5 and buying beer! Win!
Normally, I frown upon places that charge a cover, but considering that I get to enjoy all the free classic and modern video games I can ever stomach without having to beg for change or bring my own roll of quarters, this quickly faded from the negative list for me. I am thankful that I visited Player1 with a group that regularly enjoyed all its charms because had I ventured here solo, I would have certainly chickened out. Making my way through the arcade games toward the bar, I felt like I was on an adventure, nay, a QUEST for Nerdvana. The bar is great and boasts a wide selection of unique draft beers as well as a robust collection of bottled brews. Looking at the beer menu, my heart sank a bit as some of the prices were a little steep. So buyer beware that one may imbibe on some of the finest, but it will come at a cost if you aren't careful. My only sticking point was when I called the following morning to see if anyone turned in my watch, the girl I spoke to on the phone didn't seem the least bit concerned about it. One of the things I love about the gaming community is that we often take care of each other, but since I wasn't a regular, I didn't feel as welcomed as I wanted. I would definitely love to go back with my gamer friends, especially those form out of town as quality barcades are few and far between in Florida.
My husband and I are both diehard gamers and love getting out the apartment and enjoying a drink. So we thought this place would kill two birds with one stone. Sadly, our expectations were not met. The layout is awkward. When you first walk in, you're bombarded with arcade games, which I can understand because they want to show that off, but there are better ways of doing that. When we finally made it to the bar, we realized that besides the console games, that's the only place you can sit down and enjoy a drink. There's only beer and wine, which is great if you prefer only drinking beer and/or wine. I'm more of a mixed drink person and recently started drinking beer, so it was hard for me to decide on something that I would find tasty. There are PLENTY of fun video game themed drink ideas on Pinterest they can easily incorporate into their drink menu. Also, some of the drinks are super overpriced ($12 for a beer??), which I would expect if we were downtown or IN a theme park... Not in a shopping strip on the outskirts of the tourist area. On to the video games. There's a decent selection, it's just that most of them have something wrong with them and need some maintenance... And a cleaning (my hands felt gross after playing some of the arcade games). You can also tell that business might not being doing so ideal because they don't have Xbox One or PS4. Honestly, if I just wanted to play on a console, I could have just stayed home. We only saw three people working in the entire bar (the girl running the front and the two bartenders), another sign they're not doing so great. When we arrived around 7:30, some guy spilt his drink on a table and floor next to an arcade game. Two hours later, when we were leaving, the mess was still there. That's just a slip-and-fall and a lawsuit waiting to happen. One of the most perplexing things about this place is the location. Maybe the real estate wasn't there at the time of establishment, but I feel like being located near UCF and Full Sail would have been a so much better location than being near a theme park. Not only would there be more of a loyal customer base, but also there are way more gamers, geeks, and nerds near colleges.   I love the concept behind this place, but it just falls short. Maybe with a bigger drink selection, constant maintenance on arcade games, more aware staff, and more seating, this place could turn around.
Amazing place for video games and beer fans. Found this place via yelp and it did not disappointment. Friday evening cover was $5 for unlimited video games for the night. Many classics: TMNT, Simpsons, X-men, Off Road racing, Jurassic Park shooter, about 10 consoles of XBox, PS3, also consoles up on the big screen by the bar, old Sega Saturn, even Wolfenstein 3D! It was busy but you never had to really wait for games since there were so many arcades to choose from. The beer menu was extensive and I enjoyed a nice Creme Brulee Porter beer (9.5%). You can check on games/consoles at the check-in desk for free. After a certain time, a guy in a very authentic Master Chief (Halo) outfit became the "bouncer". Price is reasonable, great beer selection, no kitchen so people were bringing in their own takeout food. Can't wait to visit again next time I am in Orlando.
My husband learned about this place on yelp so when we were in Orlando we decided to check this place out.   The cover cost is $5.00 and it gets you unlimited access to all of the arcade games and consoles.  There's no limit on the arcade games, but from what I understood you needed to buy a drink every 30 minutes on an open bar tab to play any of the consoles in the bar.  I guess that makes it more fair in terms of getting to try the system, but we ended up not playing any consoles since we were trying to purchase everything using cash.   I was pretty impressed in the variety of arcade and console games.  They even had a Playstation 4 available!  I didn't have an arcade in my home town growing up, so my husband was really excited to show me a bunch of games he loved as a kid.  While some games were broken, if we talked to the bartender she was able to get most of them working again really quickly.  Some of the games aren't in the best condition, but I think only one or two arcade games were completely out of order when we were there. As for the alcohol selection, they offer tons of options in terms of beer.   From strawberry beer to milk stouts, you'll be able to find a beer that suits you.  The bartender was super friendly as well.   If I had any complaints, it would be that the bar is quite small and dark, giving it a cramped feeling.  It doesn't take away from the experience, but when it was getting more crowded it was less enjoyable. If you're in Orlando and need a break from Disney, check out the Player 1 Video Game Bar.  It's a great way to enjoy a wide variety of video games for $5.
At first I thought this was too good to be true, and when I entered it was better than I thought it was going be. If you love video games, unique and hard to find craft beers, ciders and even mead's,This is the place for you. Its usually $5 cover sometimes less if you work in the Orlando theme parks, ladies, and special events. Before I even tried the drinks I was memorized by the mini arcade they had as soon as you walk through the door. Unlimited playing with friends, dates, or going for the personal high score. If old school arcades are not your thing they have flat screens with the latest games and consoles. They have tasty cocktails, mead's and ciders I normally couldn't find anywhere else. And if you like certain drinks they have a to go option to create your own six pack. Before 5pm any age, afterwards 21 and up. Only warning is when it gets late on weekends it can get a little loud and crowded, but more gamers to drink and share the fun.
Player one, press start!   Aaaand the arcade ate my quarters.  Great.   While the arcades here might not do that, the experience here made me wanting my money back.   The layout feels very cramped and disorganized.  Getting to the bar from the door felt like a mission as I was being distracted by lit up arcades.  Is this a bar or straight arcade?  If I hadn't known prior to walking in, I would have thought this to be an arcade first, bar second.  What's the focus? If the arcade's the focus then they are definitely not keeping up with the condition on some of the machines.  It's very off putting to be playing NBA Jam only to find that the pass button is stuck.  Blah. Then there's the bar.  Selection is your standard spread; you got a decent range of craft beer depending on your palate.  Service was very minimal and getting awkward glances to close out the tab didn't help very much either.  Everybody keeps hawking about the bartenders cosplaying but that don't mean jack if they're taking some light years to close out the tab.   While I can see the charm of this place working with some, it simply falls flat for me.  The lack of focus and immersion during my visit was what kept me from staying more than one drink.  Definitely will not be pressing start to continue.
After reading the reviews on Player 1 I was really excited to go here, but I am afraid this bar let me down. I have always loved the idea of mixing together 2 of my favorite things, drinking and games, so when I heard about this bar I was over the moon. Once I arrived at the bar I knew it was not what I would want. The games were cramped together, the variety of arcade games left most unused and the games that were popular were hard to get on. They do have consoles that I would enjoy, however they are also very hard to get one and when we finally got into a both that had a Wii/Gamecube, we found that the only game available was Super Smash Bros! Drinks here are beers, wines and sodas which also made me sad. I really was hoping for some great mixed drinks that would be themed to video games (you can find plenty of ideas online). The beers were a little overpriced in my opinion and the menu did not describe what the beer was like... or maybe I am spoiled from World of Beer. My other complain is when you pay the $5.00 cover charge they don't stamp your hand, give you a wrist band or anything to make it easy for you to go in and out for smoking. If you go out to have a smoke, be prepared to be questioned by the door lady. This made it difficult for the smokers in our party to enjoy the night. Will I return? Only if someone insists on going. Personally, I rather just use my Disney pass to go to Disney Quest.
I had so much fun at this bar last night.  What a great alternative to the typical bar and club scene.  My husband and I are parents in our mid 30's and we felt right at home here,  we both love video games.  It was such a treat to be able to play old school stand up arcade machines, and in the same evening play an X-Box Kinect game or DJ Hero.   Cover is $5, and arcade games are set to free play.  If you run a bar tab, you can check out a console game.  Console games are set up in cozy booths and the arcade machines have drink holders beside them.   I can't wait to go back, but I have 2 complaints:  Bar is beer and wine only.  They have a very large selection of both as well as root beer on tap and bottles of the best cream soda I ever tasted; but I went there wanting a fancy mixed coctail.  There are endless posibilities of creative video game themed coctails they could come up with.   My other issue is with the Ms. Pac Man machine...they had the default speed set to slow.  Like most gamers who prefer Ms. Pac Man over Pac Man, we do so because she moves faster.  It's my favorite game, and I got very frustrated playing their machine with the slow default setting.  That's an easy fix that I wish they would address.   I want to thank the owner/s for creating such a fun and cool place.  I wish I had a place like that to go when I was in my 20's
Player 1 is the happy arcade land where all great things possible deem to exist. If you haven't checked it out yet and have been waiting around for the next best cheap activity in Orlando then consider this on your must do list. $5 Cover and you can play any game your heart is aching for. Street fighter, Nba live, X-men, Pac man, Karate Champ, karaoke, Dance Off, Mortal Kombat are the few from the massive selection of games here. This price friendly bar/ arcade is hella fun so invite a group of friends in on the action. With all the variety of games it's normal to spend quite some hours on here. Gamers and non gamers unite to indulge on this video game lounge. This is what Orlando has been waiting for, thank you Player 1 for making it happen!
A great idea but poorly executed. $5 cover charge to play all night is good and beers are decently priced but good luck getting one. Where the bar is set up they have 3 or 4 console games with people playing at the bar so its crowded full of people not activily buying a drink. The whole cosplay bartender idea is cool but they all are crappy bartenders. I waited forever for service then when I was able to get the attention of one of the girls she said she could not get me a beer unless I already had a tab open and that I had to ask the other bartender..... What??? Finally the bartender that can actually operate the register comes up takes my order and immediatly turns around and checks her phone for a bit and then decides to get the beer. After this mission I decided that it was too much of a hastle to get a second beer here. This place was pretty filthy. They let people bring in outside food so there was pizza boxes on the bar and popcorn scattered around the place. There was also no sign of a barback or anybody cleaning. There was half full beers sitting all over the place and in all the drink holders (which they need more of in general). They have some cool games but a lot were really bad old Atari machines. Highlights were the TMNT, X-Men, Simpsons, and NBA jam machines. They could use some maintence also several of the games had stuck joysticks or buttons. I really liked the idea of this place but they need a lot of improvement to survive. Get actual bartenders that give a fuck about their job.. its just pouring beers not like they have to make drinks. Hire barbacks or someone to clean. Its worth it to check the place out but I would avoid weekends.
Video games.  Alcohol.  Music.  Each is individually great but when combined, it's AMAZING!   Player 1 has Atari 2600/5200, Colecovision, NES, Sega Genesis, SNES, Nintendo64, Sega Saturn, Playstation 1, Sega Dreamcast, PS2, PS3, X360 and PC games.  Seriously?!  Seriously. So you go inside, pay a cover (typically it's a $5 cover).  The cover includes all the gaming consoles although if you want to play at a game table, you have to have a bar tab open.  There's definitely a lot of nostalgia going on in here and I loved it.  It's a different environment and you can get some good people watching in.  The bartenders were dressed like Sonic and Tails. There's a good variety of draft beer and bottled beers.  I don't claim to be a big beer drinker but was happy to see the selection of mead and ciders here.  Player 1 also serves wine.  I tried a premium Swedish cider called Kopparberg.  Very tasty but... very very sweet. There's some separated gaming areas and you play video games at the bar as well.  It's a fun place and I found the prices here to be fair. Some locals may think it's a bit far to come here and check this place out but I think you'll find it to be a fun place.  Let your video game nerd out!
Place seems ok from just walking in if you're into video games.  Kinda thrown by the fact that the girl working the front door was dressed like she was out of "I Dream of Jeannie."  Later found out that everyone who works there dresses in character.  You may be wondering why I speak like I didn't go in...it's because I didn't.   I myself am not a big gamer, but I will have company in a few weeks who are, and the place sounds fun to bring them.  When I found out there was a $5 cover I was immediately put off.  I don't mind paying a cover if I know a bar/band/what to expect but this is such a different concept to me...I asked the girl at the door if I can go in look around check out the menu and leave.  I told her I had to work early and had no interest in staying, I just wanted to see the place, and she refused.   Then she asked if I work in hospitality and that it would only be two dollars if I did, which to check out a place (if I paid cover I would at least stay for one beer at that point)  I confirmed that I do, but that my employee id was in the car on the other side of the shopping center.  I even showed her my debit card for my credit union that you have to work for a certain hospitality company to have (anyone who has worked with any kind of transactions in the city of Orlando knows the CU and the company its for), She still said she was required to see my id to let me in at that price.   I'm not going to fault anyone for upholding pricing and policy that they did not write, they're just doing their job, but common sense would be to ask a manager or just accept it, because getting some money off someone is better than risking not getting any, which is exactly what happened.  I left, but rather than going to get my id, went home, because I wasn't trekking back across the parking lot to have one beer.
If you looking for a fun night to travel back in time, you'll find it here. This place is really neat, $5 cover to play all you can. I went here to celebrate some friends birthday and found that the time flew by. Enjoy game hopping with a cold beer in your hand :)
I love the concept of video game bars. I mean, who doesn't love the thought of playing on classic arcade games and multiple consoles -- all for the great price of $5? It's like a gamer's paradise. However, I didn't find myself enjoying Player 1 as much as I thought I would. For starters, the whole layout of the place seemed really cramped -- especially for the games at the entryway. With games lining both sides and in front of the door, they made it very difficult to enter; a gauntlet of butts and groups of people basically block you. You really have to navigate your way through and I didn't want to mess someone up by bumping into them or anything, especially if they had drinks in their hands. The condition of a lot of the games also disappointed me. Many of the buttons would be broken and a lot of the joysticks would get stuck. Maybe it's just too much wear and spilled alcohol, but there's nothing more rage-inducing than playing a game only to realize that your joystick is stuck while you're in a compromising situation (there's a dirty joke in there somewhere, lol). I also found the lack of seating uncomfortable. After playing Dance Off, you really want to sit down and relax with a drink somewhere; and it sucks when all the game tables and bar stools are taken. Boo. There were redeeming features about Player 1, of course. The bartenders and the girl at the front desk were all really sweet. I especially loved that they dressed as zombies the night I went. The dark atmosphere was pretty awesome too; kinda channeling a geeky nightclub feel. And I absolutely LOVE the bar selections -- nice selection of beers (bottle and tap), wine, and ciders; there's something for everyone. Overall, I'd say it's ok. Since I live on the eastern side of Orlando, I probably won't go out of my way to visit Player 1 (it's pretty much a forty-five minute drive without tolls); at least, not with the current condition of a lot of their games. But I would definitely recommend that everyone try it out once.
AWESOME!! This place is AWESOME!!! Now all they have to do is hire a girl like me who has worked a high volume beer bar before and I can make sure that we can get that place rolling!! I frequent this bar with my work friends at least once a week. You'll love it!!!
I passed Player 1 by chance earlier in the week and immediately became obsessed with the idea.  After sharing the idea of visiting with a few friends, I went the very next day with a good friend and my boyfriend in tow.  Upon walking in I was taken aback (in a good way).  All of the girls that work there cosplay as famous video game characters; I found it immersive and tasteful while my boyfriend enjoyed the ogling. Key things to note: to get in you require either a membership or you pay a cover.  This is to cover your unlimited use of arcade games of which there are a ton!  I grew up watching my brothers enjoy arcade games, never once trying them myself... until I visited Player 1.  What a blast!  You'll also be able to rent just about any gaming console (I'm a sega genesis girl myself), play as a group in the tournament area, or set up your PC for some good ol' fashioned PC gaming.  My understanding is that they will be setting up PCs in the near future so you won't need your own. The beer selection was great and the bartender was very well versed in all of their offerings - she made some great recommendations based on my preferences.  They have partnerships with the Domino's and Chinese restaurant in the same plaza so you can order food and have it delivered to the bar.  And they pop their own popcorn if you're not looking for a meal. The crowd inside was diverse.  You definitely had a good percentage of stereotypical gamers but I'd say an equal ratio of curious by-standards thoroughly enjoying the experience. Yelpers, I highly recommend you give this bar a shot.
This place is over by Sea World in the strip with Sea Dog brewing.  It's a little bit off the beaten path tucked in the corner, but is definitely worth the visit.  Their game selection includes a ton of older arcade games (all free to play) as well as a plethora of video game systems you can rent games for.  It's very much cheaper than Disney Quest ($5 to get in) and has a fantastic beer selection.  It has a bigger selection of games than BART and is much larger as well. The location isn't very convenient for me and the beer prices are a bit high.  The $5 is a little steep if you're only in there for an hour or two, so plan on going for a longer stay. A few of the games had broken pieces to it, but what do you expect when you mix beer and old cabinets?  I also wish they had pinball and some shooting games.  The place was super quiet on a Sunday afternoon, but that made it great to try anything we wanted. All in all, I'd enjoy going again, but the distance combined with the slightly high prices and lack of some of more favorite games is a deterrent.  The bartenders are great there though, as is the owner.  It's a fantastic idea and a great place to visit if you're in that area.
Very cool concept. Video games aren't really my thing but I still really enjoyed this bar. I went on a Wednesday (ladies night) the cover was $1 for me and $5 for my boyfriend. They have a huge beer selection with a ton on tap, mostly ranging $5-8. Pretty casual. Enjoyed people watching. Some people were dressed in cosplay. Fun change of pace. Would come back.
Wow! Not only do they have original cabinets, but they have some machines with THOUSANDS (not hyperbole) of games installed on them.  If you don't see your favorite game on first pass through, ask them about about. They may have one hidden in one of their machines. Select from a menu and play to your heart's content! On top of that, they have pretty much every cartridge based game for any of their cart based home consoles. It's all in electronic menus! You'll feel like a kid in a candy store.
This place is every gamer's dream! Player 1 is certainly one of a kind and one of my favorite places to hang out. Beer, video games, and awesome music. How much more amazing can that get?? If you haven't been here, you MUST put it down on your to-do list!
Ok this place is fantastic!  It got this gen-x'er fired up!    Here's some background as to why I am so up on it.  I happened to be in Orlando doing a tradeshow by myself and wanted something to eat up my time at night.  I tried a local music venue and the band was good but boring and I lasted about 15 minutes.  Then I checked yelp and came upon this place.  I thought this would be way less expensive alternative to D&B as they offer unlimited play for $5.00. When I walked into the place, I thought I died and stepped back into 80's arcade.  Awesome games that I could remember when I was a kid were all there, Gorf, Donkey Kong, Centipede, Star Wars,  Defender, Q-Bert, and so many others.  There are plenty of stands bolted to the floor to hold your drinks as you play.   What's cool is if you get bored with some of the older games they have a slew of TV screens to play any of the recent ones via X-box and Playstation. They also have a separate section dedicated to the game RockBand with a great bass thumping sound system that makes you want to bob your head and jump up and down to the music. The staff also adds to the whole experience by dressing up as some of the video game characters.  I believe the girl who collected my 5 bucks was dressed up as one of the characters from Zelda. I went on a Wednesday night thinking I was only going to stay for an hour or two but wound up leaving a bit later than 1:15AM as I lost track of time.   If you want to have hours fun, this is the place to be.  In summary as  my old friend Arnold used to say, "I'll be back".
This is a really neat idea. $5.00 per person, unlimited play of over 30 classic arcade games plus select console games from modern and older eras. Play a round of Rock Band followed by Sonic CD on the Sega Genesis! They even have a rare Premiere 3 edition of Pump It Up. They serve alcohol amongst other beverages. Hard to beat. I would like to make a small recommendation, though. There are a lot of classic games from the early 80s such as Donkey Kong, Zaxxon, Gorf, etc. and even some fighting games from the 90s. What's missing is driving games. Where's Daytona USA? Where's Sega GT? Hard Drivin'? Heck, even Power Drift? If there is an area to expand it, it's racing games. The only thing I could think of was that they ran out of space, but even one racing game is better than none. I would come back when I am in town again, though. Let's see a racing game or an updated version of Pump It Up!
It's as good as it gets ;) love all the cosplay and if you're willing you can also join in as your favorite character. Video games... Lounging.... Drinks... Heck yes!
This is one of my favorite places to hang out in Orlando. If you like arcade games or video games in general and you enjoy craft beer, check it out. $5 at the door gets all you can play games. The draft and bottle selection is always top notch plus they have cider, wine and sake.
Friendly staff and good beer selection. I went on a Saturday and it got pretty crowded for the two bartenders but I thought they handled it pretty well.
I had an absolute blast here the other night. Great drink variety along with an awesome atmosphere. It really puts you in high spirits and I love that the ladies behind the bar are in cosplay. This is going to be my go-to place for as long as I live in Florida
To all my 80s babies and before....prepare to re-live your youth!  This video game bar is unsuspectingly tucked away within the confines of a strip mall in the Lake Buena Vista area.  The concept is simple.  $5 cover and you can go in and enjoy all the video games you want.  Now this isn't your broke down wanna be arcade in the mall.  My eyes lit up as I played TMNT: Turtles in Time, Donkey Kong Arcade, The Simpsons, Contra, NBA Jam and a host of other well known titles.  This place is truly a gamer's delight.   Oh so you think your the shit at Mario Kart 64? Super Smash Bros? Marvel vs Capcom? Well now we have a place to see who is who.  There are HD TVs strategically tucked away with consoles hooked up to them.  The left side of the room had super smash brothers for Game Cube which always gets competitive. The far right of the room was like Xbox 360 city. More HD TVs and a good amount of consoles where people were playing Marvel vs. Capcom, Halo, Madden and several other titles. If you are with friends they even have Rock Band and the DDR games set up so you can play as a group. *At first glance it may seem like you have to rent controllers or games to play the consoles (The consoles sit without games or controllers).  All you need to do is open up a tab at the bar and let them know you want to play.  The front entrance area has a library of games to choose from and you will be able to select from whatever is available.* Now the bar sits towards the middle of the room and has several more HD TVs mounted behind it.  Unlike your average bar where you can usually find the football game on, you find.... wait for it....more video games! Yes!  You can saddle up to the bar and play titles like Left For Dead 2, Marvel vs Capcom 2 and all the other games I saw people playing.  Now I read in another review that the video games at the bar really held up service and I can see how that could actually happen.  Fortunately for me this Friday night around 12:30 the bartenders were vigilant and the crowd wasn't occupying all the bar space.  What is impressive is the beer selection they have on tap and in bottle.  Yes this is an arcade, but an arcade with one of my favorite brews Arrogant Bastard on tap.  With a friend who doesn't enjoy beer? Get her a Strongbow Cider! (Also on tap alongside Guinness, OB Pilsner, and a good amount more).   My first visit was definitely memorable.  The girl at the front entrance checking IDs and collecting money really set the tone by being both welcoming and polite.  If you want to be able to enjoy access to more of the games or crowds aren't your thing, I would suggest coming coming during non peak hours (peak hours being Friday and Saturday evening/night). The place is fairly new so the games are in generally good condition (minus one or two.  If they fix the display on Jurassic Park let me know!)  So the bottom line is wether you're a hardcore OR softcore gamer you can go and re-live those days of triumph and fun with or without an ice cold brew.
Went to this place for ladies night. One dollar cover and two dollar mimosas, can't go wrong. Many ladies are here, so it seems the promo is working. Lots of fun games to play to remind you of your childhood. Plus updated games like dance central, which might be one of the only games that is not only fun to play but also entertaining to watch, dance battle anyone? Really friendly staff. Though maybe too friendly, the bar tender asked me what kind of music I would like to hear on ladies night and I suggested 80's. This might have been a mistake, as her boss eventually ended up playing dirty dancing and asked her if she would like to dance. I feel responsible, oops! Luckily she did not actually dance with him, though she may be scarred for life. Minus one star for not all of the controllers working.
I went here with some gamer friends and it was nice and I would totally go back but I did have some issues with it that keep it from four or five stars.  I don't really like beer but that is what they have for the most part so there was very little variety in their other drinks.  That's fine, four stars if that's the only problem.  But my biggest problem was with their games.  They had a few really awesome games that were great but most were broken, glitched out, or impossible to get working.  The waitresses were nice enough but seemed to be relying more on their looks rather service.
A nice place where us nerds can hang out. Love the atmosphere couches games bartenders are awsome. Wish it was a little but bigger in space .
Love this place , combines two of my favorite things to do (drinking and gaming) in a unique way . Looking forward to my next disney trip so I can visit this bar again .
"The fact that you can play every game Nintendo and Sega ever made at a bar and then hop over to the Xbox Kinect area is worth the price of admission alone"
We lucked out in that wednesdays are Ladies Night: $1 cover, $2 Mimosas and $3 spritzers. A few of the cabinets required tokens despite the promise at the door that all games (except consoles, where a tab must already be opened) are free. We asked an attendant to help us out and were promised someone would be over shortly. No one came over, so we were a bit disappointed. Also, the $2 mimosas are quite small, so take note. Overall, great atmosphere- lots of video game flavor posters dangling from the ceiling and many impressive refurbished arcade cabinets. Looking forward to going back soon.
Love it! As always every time we go its always an amazing experience. Video games and a AMAZING selection of brews. You can't go wrong there. haha Highly recommend and gamer and non-gamer to come out and give Player 1 a try.
Worst service I've ever had.  There were less than 20 people in the entire place, only two of which were at the bar and it still took 20 minutes to order an expensive drink.  The bartender seemed to notice that we needed a drink or had an empty glass but that didn't stop her from texting on her phone.  She was more concerned with the other two people who kept ordering samples of every beer they had on the wall.   Did I mention there were TWO bartenders doing NOTHING!   It was fun playing old school Nintendo, but I would just assume do that at home where I don't have to pay a cover and wait over 20 minutes for a drink in an almost empty bar.
Amazing selection of classic arcade cabinets all in perfect working condition. The beer selection was extensive as well. The only problem I had was with figuring out how acquiring a seat at the bar worked. Everyone who had an actual seat seemed to be more focused on just sitting rather than spending money on drinks. I spent more in 1 hour (and wanting to be able to have a seat at the bar) than 4 patrons who were occupying the left side of the bar had spent in that frame. I guess the best advice is just get there early and camp out at wherever you stake your claim seat wise. The people who camp at the bar and nurse their beer for an hour are probably the same people who camp the same area in games. All around an awesome bar. The staff up front when you first entered were A+!! They were concerned about any feedback that could be offered which is always encouraging. The cashier (who I believe was dressed as the heroine from Heavenly Sword) seriously made my experience all the better. She was extremely customer service oriented. The bartenders were busy but as helpful as they could be in such a busy environment. Again, I feel that this could be fixed by asking the people who are not consistently refreshing their drinks to take a step back and leave room for those willing to spend a little more at the bar. Also, more Tekken ;P
This is the ultimate place for all you gamers..  It's still in the soft opening phase but can't imagine it getting better yet.  Beers from all over the world , all the popcorn you want ( haha)..  You can play games at the Bar, you can play games in private if you want, you can play together....  Versatile to the max..  Just a really, really neat place
