I cannot think of a single child, that has heard of star wars, that would not enjoy being on a stage training with a Jedi to then fight Darth Vader. My little padawan was jumping for joy when we told her that she would be participating in Jedi training. Every child I saw on stage looked to be loving every second. This being said, it falls on the parents to PLAN AHEAD if you want your little jedi wannabe to get this chance. If the park opens at 9 am, spaces for the Jedi Training Academy are gone by 10:30am. On the day we were there, I swear the fast passes for Toy Story Mania were gone AFTER the spots for this were filled. This is one of those things that your child will be talking about days after it is over, this is something that takes up a good portion of your morning but is worth it, for you and them.
I got to see the first Star wars movie in the theater when it came out (no, NOT Episode #1, but the REAL first movie...Episode #4).  My son has become a junkie...I mean a Star Wars follower of epic proportions-knows every movie, knows all of the Clone Wars characters, has books, like 147 light sabers...you get the point. My wife got my son into the Jedi training Academy and I'm not lying-this got her into the Best Mom in the World Hall of Fame category.  They brought him in with 10-11 other kids before they started their training and they did a bit of Star Wars trivia...and my son, being my son, pointed out that they were WRONG with one of their trivia answers (What Planet is Yoda from...their answer was Dagobah, but my son pointed out that that was where he exiled himself to, NOT where he was from). Anyway, the kids were trained a bit with their light sabers by some Jedi Knights and then they were brought outside.  During the presentation to the crowd, Darth Vader and Darth Maul appear (another impossibility my son pointed out since Darth Maul was dead before Anniken became Darth Vader), and all of the Youngling Jedi Warriors got to fight either Vader or Maul.   Seriously, can anything be cooler than being trained by Jedi Knights to battle the Dark Side?!?!  The trainers were awseome, the training was really cool, and any kid is going to LOVE this attraction.  this was my son's favorite thing he's EVER done in Orlando.  If you want to do this you need to be at the park EARLY and basically run to the attraction to get in line...they don't take a lot of kids each day.
The Jedi Training Academy at Disney's Hollywood Studios is a great FREE activity for kids. And since it's free, it's recommended to sign up early in the day. Each time slot allows 10-12 kids, and when all slots are filled for the day, no more volunteers can be taken. I think the age limit is 5-12, or something. Definitely don't sign your kid up if they can't follow directions by themselves, but the directions are fairly easy, the Jedi will train the kids before Darth Vader ever shows up. The premise is your child will be a young paduwan, training to become a Jedi. The Jedi master and his helper will train them in a simple series of moves with a light sabre, to later take on Darth Vader. Vader shows up and it's pretty cool to watch, actually. Each kid gets a turn at Vader, and the Jedi Master will verbalize each move for your child, and make small jokes for the sake of the audience. It's a lot of fun. Once done your child will get a graduation certificate, and the professional Disney PhotoPass people will have snapped some great shots that you're able to order, freeing you up to capture everything on video. It's a must for any Star Wars fan, and recommended for any kid, really, since it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
This is probably one of my favorite Disney activities of all time.  What can be cooler than having your kid get trained as jedi knight and then get to fight and defeat Darth Vader?  The trainers are nice and help the kids if they forget something on stage so don't worry if you think your kid will freeze or get too nervous.  Lots of great photo opportunities too. To get in, I'd recommend getting to the park 1st thing in the morning.  I got in the park 15 minutes after opening and the first slot available for me was the 5:30 show so if you're late, you'll have to settle for the alternate list and even that list gets filled pretty quickly. If your kid gets selected both parents and children will have a blast.  The main jedi knight is so funny and good with the kids while keeping the adults entertained.  What an awesome show!
Too good to be true. A 5 year old's dream, become a padawan and fight Darth Vader and win. Get there as soon as the park opens and RUN to Jedi Training Sign up. It fills up in the first 45 minutes the park opens. You MUST have the attending child with you to sign them up. Take note, no kid, no Jedi training! Better tip: schedule a character breakfast at Hollywood and Vine before the park opens and walk to sign up before the park even opens to be first in line. One of the best things a 4- 12 year old can do at Disney!
If you have a Youngling then you must have them participate in this.  My kids loved it and we got really lucky arriving on a very rainy day that eventually cleared up quickly so we were able to get signed up for the event.  It seems this normally gets booked within minutes of the park opening and they only take about 10-12 kids per show. If you have a small child that can follow directions they'll love this as long as they don't get scared of Darth Vader and run for the hills (it happened).
Get there right as the park opens.  Sign up for a mid morning time slot as you can venture over to other rides.  My six year old loved it!
