Great Pizza in the heart of Downtown Kissimmee! Baked in Brick Oven so it has a Nice crispy fluffy crust with all fresh ingredients! Delicious! Also Have Great Garlic knots! I usually get a Cheese Pizza and add Extra Cheddar Cheese and Red Onion! So Gooood! I also Love the Mexican Pizza! Oh and they have Calzones also! This place is a must try!
Now, don't get me wrong. This place has some of the best pizza and calzone I have had. That is, if you get it correct, if at all. I don't know if they are simply under staffed, have a poor manager, or the staff just simply doesn't care, but I have yet to enjoy a dinner without waiting over an hour for food, and half the time the item is missing something. We once waiting over 3 hours for food and had to wave the waiter down just to get our drink orders. My sister ordered a simple chicken Alfredo and she decided to just get it to go since she never received her food. Once we got home, it turns out that there wasn't even chicken in her Alfredo. The manager doesn't seem to care either, brushing our complaints off as though we were the ones bothering him. Some of the worst service I have had. But like I said, the food here is really good and it's a shame that the service is holding them back. Really great if you are willing to play Russian roulette on how your dinner will go.
Great food, fast and friendly service, and reasonably priced for the quality! It has a very vintage style which makes it a pleasant atmosphere. If their desserts aren't enough for you, they're right next to Abracadabra Ice Cream and One Sweet Sista Bakery which are excellent. My fiancee and I will definitely be returning to try some of the other options on the menu.
First of all...I did have great service here. But the food? It's not real pizza. It's like a frozen pizza. Topping aren't fresh. If you're from the north you will hate the pizza here. Oh and I thought It was a mistake when my LARGE pizza came out and looked like it was between a small/medium. Ordered the LARGE size salad. Very chintzy. I think they are milking this place. Looks like no money or TLC is put into it. The front patio should have some clear lights strung all over to give it that NEW YORK / Little Italy Feel. For a pizza and salad and soda it was $30. I would not go back.
Where to start... We walked in and it was a mob sense disorganized no one managing or leading by any means. The people asked the girl standing up front are you taking names? She replied with " I guess so I can do that" clearly she was the host she sat ppl and gave them menus occasionally. I was standing at the bar and the bartender was busy and said to me after several mins with cash in hand " are you ordering takeout?" I said no I just want to order drinks before I get seated so she just walked away and said nothing. Next came back never talked to us again. Well my parents  got seats at the bar so we sat the same bartender didn't say hi didn't give use menus. She was also taking Togo orders the place really needs to have 2 bartenders or just a Togo person. Anyway in the middle of the Togo order I guess it was long she threw the phone down and took the couples order next to us but still didn't say anything still no menus. So my dad asked the host to be seated outside. My dad goes and sits outside the host just pointed and said go there. My mom and I followed a few mins later sat there for a few mins my mom got up and went back inside and grabbed menus off the host stand. We sat at our table for a while and no one came over. A server saw us and said has your server come over yet "no wasn't sure if we had one" 1st timers. He said I'll get your drinks and find her. Well since my parents are kind of cranky at this point he said I'll just take your order too. He came back with Togo and silverware & cups and said "sorry we ran out of clean dishes." My dad started talking about how the bartender was kinda rude how she threw the phone and ignored us. Well then the flood gates opened and the server unloaded and complained about her and how she makes him lose money every weekend. He also said she was the manager wow mind blown on that one. He said every weekend it's always super busy she always takes for ever only waits on the people she knows at the bar and never works the server well. We also ordered some drinks he said it will be a while before your drinks come out but eventually the will be out. We ordered pizza 20 ish mins later the pizza come out but I kid you not it took 15 mins to get a btl beer and a glass of wine. He brought us paper plates he said "well we don't have dishes to use I'll give you Togo plates since you have been here a long time" then complained about the manager and never having enough plates, cups, silverware. He was nice and he was trying the food was good. He told use to come again just never on a weekend because it's always disorganized chaotic mess.
This place has consistently fresh and delicious pizza. Today we got the meat lovers pizza which has sausage half pepperoni and bacon on it. It was meaty and delicious with a nice crust. We also got the Italian pizza which has salami garlic artichoke hearts and sundried tomatoes. That was very tasty and garlicky. We got there in time for happy hour which meant our beers were just two bucks each. We also got an apple and walnut salad which was fresh and delicious. For appetizer we got the mixed olives which were a briny treat. There are indoor and outdoor seating options and there is live music on the weekends. It's great for kids and adults alike.
I wish I could see what all the hype is about this place. I've visited three different times and it's still below par. The pizza isn't good. The service was mediocre at best. No thanks.
I decided to check this place out for myself.  I ordered a small Broadway pizza.  It wasn't bad.  Just okay.  I'm from New York City.  I know pizza well.  I was looking for a NY style thin crust with cheese.  This pizza wasn't NY style.  The wait staff was friendly and got our drink orders for us pretty quick.  Pizza came out right on time.  The beer on tap was excellent.  I think I might come back.
I love pizza and I eat pizza at least once a week. The pizza was okay, it was not NY style pizza. It took 30 min to get our order. Not a pizza place I will be visiting again.
Wait staff was very nice. Ambiance was family oriented. The pizza was very good. The prices were what you'd expect from a pizza place. We got free refills on our sodas. If not for the long wait for our food I'd have given it five stars. We waited over a half hour for the main part of our meal & I want to say 40-45 minutes for a small plain cheese personal pizza my daughter had. Too long of a wait, but if you go in with the expectation of a wait, well worth the visit.
We've tried almost all the pizzas on the menu now and really like them. excellent.    We get them extra crispy and thin crust.   We go on Saturdays so we can see our favorite bartender also.   Very friendly service by him!
Garlic Cheese Bread with marinara sauce. Holy mother of yummy goodness. A dream come true for me. Garlic and Cheese. Life is good. @Tarajroth is right. These are a MUST! @Xobejm got the Pepperoni pizza. Nice and simple. The best part of this pizza is the crust. The crust is like eating a piece of French bread. Oh yeah! We should call it the @tarajroth special. Hot Italian Sausage, extra cheese, and Green Olives. @Wholycheesus would love this pizza. Extra cheese is just what the doctor ordered. Need I say more. Broadway Pizza Bar has brought life to downtown Kissimmee. Best pizza in town. Nice to have a non chain pizza place doing it right!!
BAAAMMMM!!!! I have a new pizza spot!!! This place is great! The pizza was very good and the waitress was awesome! (I forgot his name sorry lol) but I'll surely go back again. One thing that I really liked is that the beer was very cold! ;-)
If you love pizza and all the other yummy goodness that comes along with it, Broadway Pizza Bar is definitely the place to go. Their garlic cheese bread = HEAVEN. Good customer service, great ambiance, and fantastic food! Highly recommended.
We are down in Orlando on vacation and were looking for pizza. I went on Yelp and saw the great reviews for this place. We headed over to Broadway Pizza not having much confidence in Florida pizza. Well we were shocked.... The pizza was great and the service was just as good. We had a pie with half sausage and bacon. The crust was delicious and the sauce and cheese were definitely top shelf. We will be returning.
Highs: Pizza & the outside patio. I ordered the Broadway Pizza with regular crust (green peppers, pepperoni, onion, sausage). My wife ordered the Italian (Italian salami, pepperoni, artichoke hearts) with thin crust. Both were cooked extremely well with a nice balance of toppings, cheese and sauce. But after swapping tastes, I wish I had ordered the Italian. The crust was thin and crisp, but still was clearly a pizza crust. I can't stand crust that is so thin, it tastes like a cracker. They nailed it here and I can see this style and prep becoming my new favorite. Mine was nice too but but not as tasty as the Italian. Lows: Mozzarella Bites appetizer - fresh cherry tomatoes and bite sized mozzarella cheese. Not because it was bad, but because it was unfinished in our opinion. It was nice mozzarella & tasty cherry tomatoes, but it needed some fresh basil, better draining (almost like they washed the tomatoes but didn't dry them), and a touch of salt and pepper. Overall: Cool neighborhood-worthy pizza place. Pizza was great, fresh and very well made. A guy was playing guitar in a live acoustic act that was really nice and set a cool mood plus the kids really enjoyed listening to him play. My favorite part was when we ordered the Mozzarella Bites. Our waitress told us: 'Now this isn't a fried cheese version' almost like she was apologizing. But it is exactly because of their decision to offer (1) fresh items instead of fried and (2) their delicious pizzas that we will definitely come back.
My husband and I went to the Broadway Pizza Bar this afternoon for lunch. They had some really good lunch specials.  We both had the 10" personal pan pizza and a drink. That was $6.99 for each of us.  This special includes 2 toppings on the pie.  I chose to have Artichoke hearts and goat cheese.  It was an excellent pizza. They have a vast array of topings available.   They don't serve only pizza though. They also have pasta dishes, sandwhiches, soups and Calzones.   We sat at the horseshoe shaped bar with the three flat screen TV's on the back wall. All playing sports of course.  The bartender was very nice and the service was great. This was a great choice for lunch!  We look forward to returning for dinner sometime
Excellent pizza we have been there 3 times in the past month . Our favorite is the chicken. All are very good, would highly recommend Jim and Angie Kissmmee
I had a GREAT calzone here. Nice starter salad as well.  We went during lunch, and the service was a bit slow, but I really enjoyed my lunch.
Good pizza, but holy cow it was slow. Over 40 minutes for 2 pies, and the place was half full. Server seemed totally out of it as well. At this price, pizza should be excellent and service should be at least passable. At our visit, it was neither.
We were in the mood for a pizza tonight - the last night of our January vacation week in Kissimmee.  I looked up some reviews on pizzas and Broadway Pizza Bar kept coming up.  We had about a 35-minute drive to get here but it was very worth it.  I get so tired of chain restaurants and this was such a nice change from the same ol' same ol'.  We ordered the supreme pizza on a thin crust.  Very fresh tasting.  Before the pizza came, we had a delicious salad with fresh pear slices, dried cherries, gorgonzola cheese, candied pecans and lots of fresh greens and a light vinaigrette dressing.  quite good!  The service was great, Celine was very pleasant and knew the menu well and was really hopping because it was dinner time on a Friday evening.  We most definitely recommend the Broadway Pizza Bar!  Though it was just the two of us for dinner, this is a great family restaurant.
It doesn't matter how many times I have eaten here, each visit feels like the first time. Tonight we tried the Pesto pizza. I'm just going to take a moment to think about  that garlic-y, pesto-y, onion-y deliciousness...*long, dramatic, drool filled pause..* Dear god. This Pizza was good, it was so good. Definitely, by far, my favorite pizza. The flavors from the pesto just melted into their soft, yet crisp dough. The combination of pesto, garlic, onions, tomato, and a kick of feta was phenomenal. Nothing about that pizza was bad. We always have a "to go" box, but not this time..DEVOURED! We usually like trying new pizzas when we go, but it's going to be hard to not make this the permanent choice. Service is always friendly, and excellent, and the atmosphere is wonderful. It's easy to feel at home at Broadway, and we always do. I recommend this place to anyone with taste buds.
The service was very slow they really need to work on that especially when we went today for lunch however, the pizza was fantastic and for $7.99 you get a huge pie! Each pizza is made to order it is nearly twice the size of a Pizza Hut personal pan pizza. Fresh ingredients and very tasty and great crunchy crust but slightly chewy.
Like many other reviewers, we have tried most of the pizza places in the area of East Kissimmee / St. Cloud. Broadway clearly stands above the crowd for both food and service. One thing I consistently notice is how clean the place is. It always looks like they just finished cleaning when we go there - and this includes their bathrooms. When you go to a place numerous times, often you start to pick up on little things. However, we've been to Broadway probably 20 times in the past two years and it is always extremely clean and inviting. We normally sit in the bar because they have televisions and always have sports showing. FYI it is a UF Gators fan spot but the staff is more than welcoming about our alternate team choices. The bartenders and staff are extremely friendly. They actually appear to enjoy their jobs and the food they serve. Beers are very reasonably priced at less than three bucks for a 16 ounce draft. The pizza is arguably the best we can find in this area. It is extremely fresh tasting, and always cooked perfectly. Their sauce is something special and the pizzas are always fresh out of the oven hot. We've tried several different kinds and they are all equally enjoyable. The only heads up I would submit to readers is that on most Saturdays they have some kind of entertainment. Due to the smaller size of the place, the wood flooring and taller ceilings, the music/entertainment will dominate the room. You won't be able to have a normal conversation if you are sitting in the dining area when they are playing (another benefit about the bar). However, the talent is all local and actually helps bring people to the place so it isn't necessarily a bad thing. We thoroughly enjoy the Broadway Pizza Bar and will be back soon. They also have free wi-fi and the patio is a wonderful place to eat if the weather is good.
DownTown Kissimmee is one of my favorite spots!! I was out with my friend for lunch and wanted to try something different! We stopped by BroadWay Pizza!! And boy were we in for a surprise!! The waitress were Awesome! And the FOOD!!! Was delicious!! My favorite part was the cheese bread!!! Delicious!! I would recommended anyone who is looking for a new place to enjoy good quality food here!!! Can't wait to go back for more
This is the first time I have had the opportunity to visit this place and I must say that I was very impressed. I was expecting something decent but not too fancy and was completely blown away. My father and I had the Lg Four Cheese Specialty Pizza $13.99(if I remember correctly). It was delicious and served as it came out of the oven(burned the roof of my mouth). Even though I now suffer a slight discomfort while eating it is my own fault. Looking at the menu it is the perfect size of 2 pages. Simple, easy to read, with a lot to offer. The prices are good and, before you ask, YES! They do live up to their name of "bar". From what I saw they had a very good selection of beer and I believe they had wine as well. The decor was inviting and the service fast. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a GOOD pizza and not the mainstream delivery ones. I enjoyed my experience here and will definitely go back for pizza and beer.
Very friendly atmosphere you can either sit inside or outside. They make their pizza dough twice a day. We ordered a large half margarita and half broadway which was very good. The dough was light and crispy. Overall service was very good. I would definitely come back again.
I have been living around this area and been passing by this spot for over 3 years and did not get to visit until just a few days ago.  I'm glad that I finally did because I will definitely be back for more! The atmosphere is great!  It's too bright, not too dim either, it's just right.  I like the options for seating, they have booths, tables, or outdoor seating with open mic nights! I tried the garlic knots as an appetizer.  It came with 4 and they were huge and absolutely yummy.  Pizza was of course amazing.  The wings were okay, not the best I've had, but I suppose you don't really go there for the wings.  But they weren't horrible either. All in all, I would definitely come back to this place and I definitely would recommend it!
AWESOME place, amazing environment. The service was so nice, for appetizer I had their garlic bread (hands down) and the pizza its like a trip to HEAVEN. Definitely a go to
I offer my full stars just because the food was that amazing from this bar! I ordered myself one of the lunch specials for a single person, pepperoni pizza pie with extra cheese. Within the first bite I had fell in love and finally found my new pizza spot here in Florida. The only thing I could use next is a nice Chinese joint. But to get back on the topic, service there was great and everyone seemed nice and catering towards their customers. Totally recommend to anyone looking for a good pizza joint or other good Italian foods.
Good local food and a casual atmosphere. The location is very sports-oriented, so during football season, there's always going to be a game on their big screen televisions. The tables vary between the traditional 4-tops and picnic table style bench seating, with a smaller u-shaped bar off to the side. The pizza is hot and fresh and the beer selection on tap is pretty decent, but mostly macrobrew. If you're not into sports and you come in on a big game night, be prepared to encounter sports fans.
Great place for lunch and if it is nice enough out, sit on the patio and watch the cars drive by.  Love their lunch specials and extremely affordable.  The pizza is definitely bigger than 1 person needs so perfect to have a few slices to take home for dinner...
Cool little place in downtown Kissimmee.  Stopped in for lunch.  Solid pizza and calzones, with all of the usual sides, and a full bar.  Service staff was great.  Very reasonable prices.
Great food. Great pizza very fresh ingredients. Our waitress was amazing, very friendly. Definitely coming back!
I've passed this place several times and never stopped in. I recently stopped by for a Gator game since it there was a Swamp Party for the Texas A&M game. The U shaped bar is perfect for watching the game. There are 3 or 4 large tv's' around the bar. They have plenty of domestic beers on tap and spirits. They have wine as well if that's what you prefer to drink. The pizza is made fresh from scratch and is definitely delicious. The food is great, the staff is friendly and it's right in the middle of Downtown Kissimmee.
Love this place. The pizza is really good and reasonably priced. They do get pretty busy on the weekend and the service can be so so.
The food is great it's like an Americanized italian restaurant in that it serves Italian food in a tgi fridays like atmosphere featuring a full bar but only one tv to watch what ever popular game is on. It a small restaunt but rarly packed except on this occasion there hosting a class reunion. My favorite dish here is the calzone which you can add any topping you can think of to it the pricing averages 7-8 dollars per item but the quality is well worth it while receiving great service.
GREAT pizza! Can sit outside. Good place to take kids and the family.  Wonderful place for lunch and dinner.
The service was great and the pizza was surprisingly good. We definitely have this place on our return eats list. The atmosphere is pretty cool, I like the patio seating area for those cool days. Nice addition to downtown Kissimmee!
Jose is an awesome bartender! Bogo draught for every Gator game! That's Sam Adams, Blue Moon, Miller Lite, Woodchuck(yes they have cider) and budlight draught!
not bad for Kissimmee. Mexican pizza is good. make sure to get crispy or it will not be as good. love that you can sit outside.
chicken parm was a little room temperature for my liking. My husband had the steak and cheese sandwich. The meal came with chips. I was disappointed with there being no french fries to add to my meal :(  The chips mildly made up for it. Nice outdoor seating for those who prefer to eat on a patio.
Pretty good pizza, look needs to be updated
I dined here recently with a large party. Most had pizza, which looked pretty good. My wife had a calzone, which also looked pretty good. I had a meatball sandwich. The meatballs were kind of small, and few and far between. The roll was kind of bready. I'm glad everyone else enjoyed their meal, but I was disappointed with mine. If you want my advice, stick with pizza or calzone at this place.
Good food. Sat outside b/c weather was great. We loved watching Adam Dodge play for the 'Live Music'. Will be going back.
This is my 2nd time here. I love the food, the casual atmosphere and the lunch special is an outstanding deal. The sweetened iced tea makes me happy and the variety in pizza toppings is awesome. Side parking available. José is super friendly and gives outstanding service!! Love this place.
U went here the other day and the food was great.   We got garlic bread and a supreme pizza.    It was  amazing,  some great garlic bread.   The sausage on the pizza was also a highlight. Nice beer selection as well,  all for pretty reasonable prices.
Love their pizza and fantastic service!
Broadway Pizza Bar has amazing food and has a great atmosphere. Its great to go and grab a bite to eat and relax with a glass of wine. One of my favorite places to go and relax at! Service is great and staff is all very pleasant!! Certantly reccommend!!!
Great pizza! My wife and I love the food and the atmosphere!
Have only had their pizza....Excellent! Service is good. Place is spotless. Give it a try. Only problem....Between noon and 2pm..Lunch hour...Long wait for pizza.
consistently good pizzas.
Consistently above average. One of the best pizzas in the area.
