When possible we try to bypass the chain restaurants, last night was one of those times.  The five of us headed to downtown Kissimmee Florida finding a charming restaurant area. We chose  Savions Place.  The Chef is the owner of this fine restaurant. He came to each table and greeted the customers asking if there was anything he could do to make the experience better. Each dish we got was perfectly prepared, absolutely delicious. The lobster bisque soup was heavenly, the best I have ever had. My wife had an 8 ounce filet which was cooked exactly as she wanted it. I was able to taste it, it was out of this world. I had the jambalaya and it was fantastic.   Service was also top-notch by Kasha and was delivered with caring and promptness.
Had the lobster bisque (very good) and salmon salad with mango, walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette, which was excellent. My dinner companions had the filet mignon and were able to substitute roasted potatoes for sweet potato mash. Garlic mashed potatoes no longer on the menu. After blasé chain food for a couple days, we were all very pleased with our dinners. The waitress was a bit overloaded, so drink refills were a little slow, but the food was served hot & delicious, so I can let it slide. Probably wasn't busy enough to hire extra help for a Tues night but she was stretched a little thin between indoor & outdoor tables.
Came here for the first time with a party of 5 because 3 sisters didn't have a table available and we were pleasantly surprised. Our server was super friendly.  I tried the meatloaf with gravy and it was moist and flavorful.  The mashed sweet potato was amazingly creamy amd delicious and the coffee was the topper. I'll be back again for sure next time I'm back in town. Note: Chef Sauvion came out to talk to us about the meal twice in spite of having a full house. An amazing meal and super friendly from top to bottom. Side note: this place is tucked away on the side street so don't pass it by.
Great experience! The tostones appetizer was yummy as was the lunch special Tilapia. The fillet was very thick which was a pleasant surprise. Price was very reasonable. We will return!
Downtown Kissimmee and it's hidden treasures. You wouldn't see Savion's by just driving by during the day. In the evening plenty of people sitting outside is what caught my attention. Very nice place. Great service. I went during lunch and when it had just opened. The fresh bread is always a good starter. Vegetable Pasta was a must. This was the special of the day. Fish Tacos. Very tasty. I am embarrassed to say I had to take two of them to go because one filled me up so quickly. These were very good. I want to go back and try more dishes and some desserts to see what they have. Overall, this place is a winner. With me it's always the service.
Ok,I feel bad for the waitress. She was sweet and attentive. We sat down and ordered water (they had it tonight). She proceeded to explain that they were out of 4 entree items on the menu. One was meatloaf (this is what my wife wanted) and another was stuffed chicken (that's what I wanted). She then came back and told us of an additional menu item they were out of. Now the menu is not extensive and 5 items took a large chunk of the choices off the table (yes I really used that pun). Keep in mind this is Saturday night, 7PM, labor day weekend. We ordered the lobster and spinach dip. Don't make that mistake. It was a soupy substance that was salted much too much. Not at all a dip. My wife ordered the Mariana Chicken Linguini. She got Chicken Mariana over spaghetti. She asked our server, are you out of Linguini too? She giggled and said I guess so. My wife says it was delicious anyway. I ordered the Grouper which was the fish of the day with broccoli. It was fine. We skipped on dessert.
Stopped by yesterday to try out Savions Place. I ordered the Pork Sliders which were very tasty, only suggestion here is the reduce the size of the bread roll, if it were a third smaller it wouldn't appear as overwhelming as an appetizer. The Pork Rib Eye was fantastic, center cut tenderloin injected with Rib eye juices, was very well cooked!! Only negative for this visit was the ambience, the weather was crappy so we were the only patrons in the restaurant, so there was no ambience. There was no music playing either which could have helped disguise the quietness of the place. I'd definitely recommend stopping by to try out Savions Place, I'll be back!!
Yelp reviews for this restaurant were very good, and we can see why. I had the special for the night, which was paella, along with their lobster bisque. My wife had pesto chicken linguini, and the third in our party had grilled salmon with mashed sweet potatoes. This was a good side for the salmon. We also had a mango caesar salad and a mozzarella tomato salad.  The lobster bisque was exquisite; this was definitely the highlight of the evening. We liked the caesar salad, and the mozzarella was a bit chewy, and I'm subtracting one star for those, but we would definitely be regulars here if we lived in the area. The paella, by the way, was very good. But not as good as the bisque.
Cute and quaint restaurant. We ordered burgers with Parmesan French fries. While it wasn't the best burger I have had, it was really good for the restaurant not being known for its burgers. Parmesan fries were yummy! I would definitely stop by again. :) my son got the chicken and french fries. He really liked them!
There are only a few places to get a good meal in downtown Kissimmee, and Savion's is certainly near the top of the list. They have a wide selection of gourmet plates, ranging from comfort foods to to seafood with a twist. Their service is very fast and friendly, and the servers are more than willing to accommodate your requests. I stopped in on a Saturday evening during Happy Hour, which had cheap beers, $5 wines, and 2 for 1 small plates. I chose the lobster dip and tostones as my small plates, and grilled salmon as my entree. The lobster dip was a bit salty, but you could definitely see and taste the lobster. Tostones were OK, but I'm not a huge fan of plantains, so I will reserve judgement. Finally, the salmon entree was cooked perfectly: ever so slightly charred on the outside while still being soft on the inside. If you're looking to try something a little different than burgers and fries (they have those too, by the way), then Savion's Place is worth a look.
Hidden Gem in Kissimmee!! Great place! I've eaten here several times and have always had a great meal! The lobster mac and cheese is to die for! The stuffed chicken dinner is amazing and Grandma's gumbo is the best!! I highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner next time you are in downtown Kissimmee!
Had the blacken salmon and was perfect. The service was great and quick plus the wine was delicious . Will come back. Oh, the prices were fantastic. Dine in or out.  Lobster bisque  was  outstanding
I've only been once & can't wait to return! Must try the Lobster Bisque (not too thick - just right), Lobster Mac & Cheese (it's rich - you'll need to share) & Veggie Sandwich (yummy Portabella & Mozzarella). Love this place!!!
The grilled salmon salad is amazing.  I also had the mozzarella appetizer, which was equally delicious.  My boyfriend had the lobster bisque (he's a bit of a connoisseur), and he found it very tasty.  Not the absolute best he's had (I think that would have been at Texas de Brazil... theirs had chunks of lobster/crab), but definitely worth the order.  Our friends are picky eaters (no spicy foods, tomatoes, onions or anything exotic..kind of the polar opposite of foodies), and they ordered the hummus (they found the bread strips stale) and smothered chicken fingers (perfectly prepared, but he had to pick out all the bits of diced tomatoes).  We also thought the rolls were great.  I would definitely recommend this place.  Get the grilled salmon salad.  It was one of the best prepared salmon dishes I've ever had.
Waitress greets us with, "There's no house red wine." It's the dinner hour and I'm looking forward to this glass of vino, "How can you not have any red wine?" "No, we have red wine just not the house $5/glass." Me, "Ok so you'll substitute." The waitress, "oh no." Now chef/owner comes out to tell me he cannot afford to do this. (There is a $2 difference.) hard to believe my ears, I say what I know and think, "it's not my fault you ran out of the house wine; it's bad business not to honor your menu and your customer!" He could care less and I was properly slighted and insulted. We ate but only b/c we were in a hurry. The may have been ok, I don't know I was so uncomfortable in a place that upset my stomach!
Had lunch and it was excellent   An upscale restaurant in Kissimmee. Part of a burgeoning restaurant row in an old Florida community. Try the crab cakes and mini desserts.
This is my 2nd time here today. Yum yum yum! Than you for being in this town. We will definitely be back. Work every penny. Great service, great food and cannot not be happier. Also, awesome late night menu :)
Probably the nicest restaurant in the downtown Kissimmee area. It is individually owned and has a warm ambience. The food and wine is very good and it is reasonably priced for what you get. The staff are friendly and helpful. The food choice specials change regularly and were very tasty. We will continue to visit.
This is a great place to eat in downtown Kissimmee.  My favorite meal here is the grilled salmon with asparagus.  It is always juicy and delicious.  The chef has added some new small desserts lately also that are also good.
Downtown Kissimmee doesn't have a lot of food choices. This is a solid restaurant with good food and excellent service. I highly recommend staying for dessert and enjoying their key lime pie. Some dishes are better than others. But all are better quality than most of the other options in this area.
This place would be a standout anywhere but here in old Kissimee it is a totally unexpected and wonderful surprise. Greeting and service was warm, personal and well-timed.  We were visiting tourists who merely needed something more than a quick burger for lunch but had no expectations or recommendations which would have indicated the level of simple perfection we would experience.  Everything we tried was perfectly prepared, nicely presented and just plain delicious!  Kudos!
Great food. Only open a few months. Do not let the small scale deter you from a good meal. The food was outstanding. The service was most helpful and wanted to make certain that you had everything you needed to make the meal enjoyable.
I have lunch there 3 times a week sometimes. The food is always great. Love, love, love the crab-cake sandwich. The chef is Great, always comes out to say hello.  The staff is attentive and takes care of your every need. I meet with a Chcks Connect group near by and we always order food from Savions Place.   5 star service every time.
We found this gem using yelp and trip advisor.   It is located in Historic Downtown Kissimmee (which is way off the beaten path but not too far off of 192).  The jambalaya, AMAZING!  My sister & mom had the Lobster Bisque and said it was delicious.   For  main course my sister went with the waitresses suggestion of the pork tenderloin. Both she and my mom said they had never had such flavorful, moist pork anywhere. The portions were generous until it came to my key lime pie for dessert.  It was amazingly tasty but quite small.  I could have eaten 3 pieces by myself but I shared with my sister.  The chef stopped by our table which I believe shows pride in ownership - he didn't have anything to worry about we loved everything we ordered.  You should really make an effort to go to Savion Place, you will not be disappoited.
