Went here for lunch today and let me just say these are the best hotdogs I've had by far. When you bite into them you can feel that snap. Customer service was great as soon as we walked in we were greeted my the owner willy, he was really nice spoke to us for lil bit and you can really tell that he enjoys what he does. I recommend this quaint little spot to anyone you will not be disappointed I will definitely be back!!
Awesome service and food!  I had a chili, cheese, and slaw hotdog with fries and it was so much food.  I love the poppyseed bun!  The employees took time to talk to us and welcome us to Kissimmee (we just moved) and gave us tips on the local places to see and eat.  We will absolutely be back!
Right in downtown Kissimmee and near the newly renovated lakeside park. This place has a really good feel and very good dogs. The size of the hot dogs is a little less than I would like but they are delicious and the staff was very friendly.
Great, authentic Italian Beef and other Midwest favorite eats, including Sprecher's! I need to come back and try the Chicago Dog. Not a very big place, though they do have some picnic tables out front. Parking nearby is pretty limited except in the city parking garage.
I think this is everything a tiny local restaurant should be. Great service and fantastic food that's always fresh. Never been let down here. Without a doubt the best hot dogs I've eaten in my life. They use 100% Vienna beef hotdogs.
Great spot to hit up.  Dogs are good and the beef is definitely the closest you're going to get to Chicago!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Awesome service, great food, reasonable pricing!!!!! I moved to Orlando from Chicago and this is the only place I will ever go for Chicago style dogs and Italian Beef sandwiches!!!! I don't want to repeat myself so I'll keep it short. THIS PLACE ROCKS!!! GO THERE IF YOU WANT AWESOME CHICAGO FOOD!!!!!!! Get the Italian Beef with mozz, hot giardiniera, and get it dipped for sure, it'll be the best thing you ever put in your face!!!!
I wish I could give 3.5 stars, but it was more of a 3 than a 4. PROS: + Super friendly service + Sprecher's sodas = super yummy! + The prices were pretty reasonable for someone who normally has to deal with restaurants being priced for tourists + "Calle" Dog special - so good! Ketchup, mayo, pineapple, bacon, and potato sticks. Really good. + Classic vienna hot dog buns. Mmm. + The french fries were great. + The classic Chicago dog was good - a standard Chicago dog (but not the best we've had). + Everything was clean, unlike other reviewers stated. CONS: - One of the girls working seemed to be way less knowledgeable about the menu, ringing people up, etc. - My boyfriend got the other special dog of the day (Asian themed) and didn't think the toppings went together at all. - They charge people for ice water? Weird. - The dogs are on the small side for the price. You can pay an extra $1 for a "jumbo" dog, or some people might need to order two normal sized dogs if they're hungrier. - A little bit hard to find - the address takes phones/gps's to the wrong side of Broadway. Overall, we liked it, but it wasn't the best we've ever had. If we're in the area and we're craving hotdogs, we'll probably be back, but I don't think we'd go out of our way to get there.
We were driving around downtown Kissimmee looking for food, and Yelp pointed us to this place.  Due to the stellar reviews, we were expecting something special, but we left disappointed.   The hot dogs here are ok, but there's far tastier dogs in LA.  I had the Godfather (Italian beef) dog and chili cheese.  Both were solid, but the toppings had more flavor than the dog. I talked to the owner of the place, who was very nice.  We mentioned we found her place due to Yelp, and she seemed very supportive of Yelp.  It saddens me to write this 'average' review of her place.  If you're looking for another Chicago-style hot dog place in Orlando, try Hot Dog Heaven, which is very similar to Willy's.
Wieners?.... Yea sure.... But not what draws me in.... How about a hot "dipped" roast beef with Spicy Giardiniera veg. AMAZING... I have a club card and earn free food easily here.
Chicago-style hot dogs and variations available; they also serve Italian beef sandwiches and Polish sausages. Food is decent, staff are friendly and helpful, and the bottled root beer is quite nice. I like the Slaw Dog best so far, while my husband tends to get the Poo Dog. Good stuff.
I don't care what's in a hot dog...if it tastes good whatever! I love willys! The hotdog on a super soft poppy seed bun. They have many choices on how to dress it up. I go with the classic ketchup and relish. Less is more.  On occasion I'll do a chili dog with cheese. Location is right next to the Amtrak station in downtown Kissimmee.
Looooove this place! Everything was on point. Hot fries and a delicious Chicago style hot dog! I've already tries a couple of other hot dogs and have loved everything. The crew there are friendly and take the time to talk to you and find out what you like. Nice location, nice everything. I highly recommend!
JUST THE BEST ITALIAN BEEF south of the Mason Dixon!  If Yelp was to break this restaurant out in to a category, it would be easily ranked #1 in fast food.  The mouthwatering Italian beef sandwich that I had today was in front of me, ready for consumption in about 2 mins!  Definitely a speedy lunch. The crew there is great as well.  They asked me how I wanted my Italian beef, their typical serving is wet beef au jus with spicy gardenia.  My response was "I don't know, last time I had one was @piccadilly in DT Chicago and I am looking for the same".   I have to say, they did alot better than Piccadilly.  I'll be back this w/e with the wife and kids!
Just at Willy's Wieners in Kissimmee. Great Hot Dogs as usual. Just the thing for us relocated Chicagoans!  Bright green relish and poppy seed rolls! They have also started a frequent diner program to save you some money, couldn't ask for more.
Two stars.. The dogs are over priced and leaves you left disappointed. 5 bucks for a "jumbo" hot dog that's the same size as racetrac, with fewer toppings.. Please get new hot dogs and adjust your menu!
I was excited when I came across this place and then read the great reviews on here, maybe it raised my expectations too much.   The service was excellent and they are very accommodating. The hot dog prices are decent, what you would expect to pay for a "specialty" dog. However, if you just want a plain hotdog go to a vendor outside a Lowes or Home Depot. I was disappointed that they did not have an Italian hot dog so I got the New Yorker instead. I love the poppyseed bun, the hot dog itself was plump and the toppings were good. The French fries were typical, nothing special. They do carry a brand of soda in a bottle that could be the next best thing to Stewart's soda. I would go back if in the area and craving a hot dog but would not go out of my way to get one from here.
Great midwest type hot dog/italian beef shop in Kissimmee.  Reminded us of home in Wisconsin.  Loved the chilli dog and italian beef...Great for an inexpensive meal that is yummy.  The shop has a clean, cheery, upbeat ambiance with fun music playing. My wife and I found it unique in a nice area in downtown Kissimmee.   We'll definately go back soon during our snowbird winter escape to Florida.  Mmmmm. Rich and Dianne, Clearwater Snowbirds
Willy's has the Chicago-style Vienna Beef hot dog all Chicagoans or former Chicagoans (like me) crave and will love at first bite. Their Italian Beef sandwiches are very good, but they are not quite "there" yet in getting the authentic Chicago-style flavor made famous by Portillo's in the Chicago area. Still, major props to Willy's for bringing this Midwestern treat to Central Florida. I try to stop for a dog or two when I'm in downtown, and the quality and consistency is excellent. They have just installed an Auto-Fry machine to deliver made-to-order, hot, freshly-made French Fries.
This is way, way better than Italian Beefstro downtown.  I kept searching after that place and found Willy's.  It's very good.  Exactly Chicago?  No but still great.  The building is in the newly renovated part of downtown Kissmmee.  It's across from the trainstation...GPS is wrong and takes you the wrong way. A husband and wife from Wisconson own it and are very nice.  We had the Chicago dog which was perfect and the Italian Beef.  It was very good as well.  The dip for the Beef was great.  Flavorful unlike Italian Beefstro which was basically water and grease.  They have great bottled root beer and a few other specialty pops and they are worth trying.  I even took a bottle to go. I will be back!
Great people and food
This is a cool place if your in the mood for a hotdog. FYI they no longer serve the holy guacamole dog. The sesame bread was good. I had the chili and cheese dog. The jumbo dog is not what i expected it to be, it was the size of a normal hotdog.
Super friendly service, juicy dogs and a nice soft bun.  I enjoyed this spot and will be back!  Knocked off one star because the wieners are a little small. Yup, I'm a size queen ;-). Other than that, they were awesome.  I scarfed mine down before I was able to get a pic.
Awesome selection of dawgs and Italian Beef. Owners are legit and the place is clean. Snug away in downtown Kissimmee making it a great spot get away from the shoppers. Suggest a Sprecher Rooter Beer, and a pair of Chicago's!
Ok Lets keep this simple.  Good dogs, good prices, great staff!  Down side is the tables are always dirty as are the bathrooms.  Get your dogs in a sack and take em home!
Rocking dogs! Delicious dogs of every type - I'm a Wisconsin dog fan - Bratwurst and Sauerkraut... mmmmm....
Stopped in here while in downtown Kissiimee due to the reviews here on Yelp. Let me tell you what. It was an absolute treat. Had the Italian beef dipped and topped with the gardenia. MMmm MMmmm! Will be back every time I'm in the area
Chicago style hot dogs have arrived to Kissimmee. Gina and her team have made this place a success. And by the way that's wieners (the i before the e). I grew up in Chicago and I searched everywhere here to find a good Chicago style hot dog and an Italian beef. My dad loved these. Heard about WW from a friend and had to stop by. We come all the time with the family now. Hot dog, Italian beef and of course the pizza puffs. Takes me back to the good ole days.
Great dog! I've never had a Chicago style hotdog and I've been wanting to try this place for some time now. Friendly staff, food served on Frisbee's, and a few umbrella covered picnic tables outside were just a few of the things I liked. I will be returning to try some of their other hotdogs and the Italian beef sandwich.
I would say you do get what you pay for, which is... different styled hot dogs. they were a bit small, but very tasty. I had the chihuahua and italian beef hot dog, with fries and a drink. if i'm ever in a hot dog fix, i'd probably hit this place up, rather than kona dog. the cashier, did bring out the hot dogs to us, so definitely tipped him. i do recommend this place for someone who wants a hot dog out of the norm.
My husband and I had the Chicago dogs and they were Awesome!! We will be back. An absolute two thumbs Up!
Awesome!  I hate hotdogs, and I loved these "dawgs".  Best I've ever had.  Fast friendly service.  Clean and close to walking down town stores.  A must try in kissimmee.
Have had plenty of Chicago style hotdogs in my day.  These are it!!  Fast, friendly and efficient.  yum!
Had the Chicago dog and it's exactly how I remembered it when I was in Chicago 6 yrs ago. My husband had the Messy dog but added chopped onions and loved it. I recommend this place for a quick bite, and the prices are very reasonable.
