They were great! The best gyros I have had since I moved to Florida since Katrina!
It is the best Gyro I have tasted in Orlando and Kissimme area....the burgers are great too and fries are mmm so tasty!!! Hands down the best Gyro!!!
I got my Philly cheese steak to go. It was good, but I think it would have been better if I would have eaten it there.
ohhhhh,the best gyros i have ever had service is fast, nice stuff .accross from the loop the best so far
We tried the Gyro, Falafel, hummus, Baklava & a chicken kebab all were good. We will be back and I will update the review when trying other things on their menu.
this place is close to my house and used to be great. Lately the service has gone to hell. took me 27 minutes to get one gyro and the gentleman working was going extremely slow and put in the wrong order for the other customer behind me. After i let the owner know what happened he was combative and didn't even look me in the eyes just looked away.  YOU ARE IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE BUSINESS SIR! show some respect. Will not be returning. it is a shame because the food is not to bad but there are places where you will be treated better. very disappointing.
Nice little place. The Philly cheesesteak was huge, the gyro was wonderfully hot and fresh, and the fries were just the right amount of crisp. The screens displaying the menu kept cutting on and out, making it hard to read, but they also had paper menus. Carry out looked to be having a pretty fast turnover, but we opted to sit at one of the tables, which had the dessert menu printed right on the table so you find yourself staring at chocolate cake the entire time you're eating lunch.  Nice subliminal advertising there. Looks like they have a good online presence, too. We found them just doing a local search while driving through, and were perfectly satisfied.
Environment: 1 Service: 1 Food Presentation: 1 Taste: 1 Price: 1 _________________ Overall:  5 /10 A decent little Gyro shop.  Not a bad place but nothing about it really stands out. I had the Philly cheesesteak which was lacking in flavor. Also had a Gyro which was tasty, definitely worth getting if you're there.  I also ordered the baklava which was a nice treat. This place is your ordinary run-of-the-mill kind of spot, while not bad, nothing about it really has me craving to come back anytime soon. Overall just an ordinary place for some quick food. 2= Outstanding 1.5= Great 1= Average .5= Needs Improvement 0= Unacceptable
Wow!!! Philly tastes delicious, and the gyro as well. I didn't care for the hummus, it was missing salt, lemon and tahini. Thank you for the great service too.
Great food. Gyro sandwich is delicious. So is the chicken souvlaki platter. Prices are fair.  Takes about 15 minutes to get your food once the order is placed but it's worth it if you have a few minutes to wait.
Delicious food at inexpensive prices! This is my favorite gyro in Orlando. I'm not crazy about the tzatziki sauce, but the flavorful meat more than makes up for it!
Just stopped by for quick bite and had gyro meal lunch special . It was excellent and authentic. My son had chicken nugget meal. It looked good too. I would definitely come back. Friendly staff. Good service.
Thought this place was going to be great because of the hype. Not horrible but just another pop up gyro place. Wasn't impressed AT ALL and I'm a big gyro fan. Kind of bland and the gyro was a lot smaller portioned than all other places I've been.
Best food ever. Fast friendly and tons of meat. ..................................................­.....................................
Yummy gyros, crispy fries, and people who work here r really nice! Good halal choice in Orlando and they r open late check it out
Wow. Delicious Gyro burger!  Absolutely wonderful prices: all meals under $10. Burgers $5. Yummy. Open late and very very friendly staff!
Pretty good food. We placed a Togo order and it was still fresh when we got to the hotel. The only negative thing was that it took almost half an hour for our food to be ready and the falafel was bland. The lamb gyro was amazing though.
This is a great place to grab a fairly quick lunch. The food is good the guys are cool. And the people that are mostly here are regulars. Though every now and then there are newbies, and they end up coming back.
On my first visit, the service was incredibly slow and the lamb was overly dry. I went back, mistakenly for a second visit and tried the falafel, which is the worst falafel I have ever tasted.
This place is great. Gyro burger...delicious! Ditto on the shawarma on rice and the gyros and the fries. Try it! Enough said
First time I went in there, I was hunting for a place close by, after a day-long jaunt to the almighty Disneyland. It was around 10pm, so most places were closed, but their lights were still on. So I thought to stick my head in and see how it was. Best decision I've made in a long time. It's definitely more than just your usual Phillysteak. It's a hidden gyro dream! Regular-sized pitas LOADED with so much meat (gyro or chicken), fresh veggies and tzatziki sauce, you can't even fold the flat-bread! Even their "veggie and hummus" pita is better off eaten with a fork first. Even better? The only meal I've seen get remotely close to $10 was their gyro & salad combo, which came with a moderately large salad on one side of the plate, and a foil wrapped MOUND of gyro meat and veggies in a fresh pita on the other. Their falafel is awesome, their chili sauce is worth trying, and their service consist of usually two really nice guys who take your order at the counter, then bring your food to you. Alongside their Mediterranean fare, they also have local favorites like the obvious Philly cheese steak, flat-pressed Cubans (not on the menu), hot wings, smoothies, desserts and plenty more (that I can't remember)! I'm not one to dish out 5-stars, but for what it is, this place is worth it. It's a late-night hole in the wall that is perfect for a post-movie munch after visiting the Loop, or just being in the neighborhood and not deciding where to go eat. Good food. great prices. I'm sold!
I just had their Gyro for lunch, it's quite large with plenty of meat, I got my loaded. It's a typical gyro but a good one. I had someone deliver it to me so I wasn't able to check out the store front, but during lunch it is busy. I'll have to try their philly cheese steaks next time.
I was excited to eat at the Loop Gyros after reading all the great yelp reviews.  I had the cheesesteak combo with fries and a drink.  The sandwich came out with steak cheese onions and peppers.  The sandwich was served with french fries and a drink.  The combo was nine dollars and the amount of food you got was worth it.   The reason I'm giving it only two stars is because I found the meat to be tasteless and there we're too many peppers and too little meat on the sandwich.   After reading all the great reviews I was disappointed.  There are better steak and cheese sandwiches in the Kissimmee area.
Amazing gigantic gyros!!! Service is awesome!! Have to try and trust me they won't disappoint!
Great place to eat at in kissimee I miss it. The staff are nice and I like the selection.
What a find! I vacation to Orlando a lot, and I'm always on the look out for a good gyro spot. In a last ditch effort to get something to eat before heading back home, the wife and I stopped here and I have to say, I had the best gyro I've had in a crazy long time. The portions are huge, and the quality of the food and the preparation were great. Another thing I have to mention is that I try grape leaves everywhere I run across them, and not once did my wife like them. This was the first place that she actually liked the grape leaves and I have to agree, the BEST grape leaves, especially if you sore introducing someone to grape leaves. Definitely s must do in the Orlando area!
The last time I had falafel this good, it was at a tiny falafel shop in Jerusalem overlooking the Dome of the Rock shrine. I'll definitely be back for more.
Get the Gyro and the Shawarma. Nuff said. This place packs that Gyro to the gills and the flavor is unbelievable. The Beef Shawarma was perfect and the side of rice made it a dream come true.
If you are in the mood for gyro's and are in the area Slim's is definitely the place to stop off for a quick bite to eat. My gyro was delicious the meat was plentiful savory. The owners were nice and they had a clean, efficient counter service business. If I am in the mood and in the area this will be my place for a quick gyro in the loop area.
The fries were a bit overdone, which is the only reason I gave them only 4 stars. Their Philly cheesesteak is absolutely delicious!
Local take out and small eat in joint. Food was actually pretty good and you can't beat the price. Service was decent and about what you would expect. Overall I'd go back there again.
Chicago is known for Gyros with Greektown and Hubs. On vacation, we had to stop by Slim Orlando's Philly steak. This place serves some pretty amazing Gyros, philly cheese steak, chicken nuggets and seasoned fries. I wish we had one in Chicago!
