Just fantastic. Get the tres leches and the flan. House made and beautiful. Extremely friendly people and quality food. I had the cuban.
What an amazing way to spend a Saturday morning. @Droolius, @Joeyme1, @kokocooks @tytyeats, and @vbterp This was my post-birthday celebration. It was a time when we were all able to get together and celebrate my big 4-0! @Xobejm was hanging out with her cousins and she was truly missed. We were on a mission to eat as much as we could and this is how it started. Buchito is a Cuban Cafe. This is what we had: Cortadito. Cuban Sandwich Cuban sandwich and Cortadito Cafe con leche. The Alexandre: Pastrami, Cheese, Bacon, lettuce, and tomato. Homemade Desserts: Flan, Key Lime, Chocolate Cake All these spot on. Flavor, freshness, made to order, and presentation. The service is amazing. So far the two sandwiches we've had have been really good. It's been around now for about six months. This is a nice little place to come to for breakfast and lunch. You will not be disappointed. Come Hungry. The prices are reasonable.
I visit this place at least once a week. Not only they have authentic Cuban coffee but the fusion between their Cuban style sandwiches are to die for. Benny Cuban & philly cheese steak are my favorites. But the tuna will sneak in and make doubt yourself on what to get. For lunch they do "con Gris" (with gray) which is rice and black beans cooked together, and pork. The pork is really flavorful and juicy. Bottom line is, this is a gem found in the little down town kissimmee.
Great place, very clean new with beautiful quaint decor. Coffee was great & Cuban sandwich was the real deal.  Staff was really friendly & inviting, looking forward to coming back.
This place is great! Great food! Very reasonable prices and a very friendly atmosphere. The Cuban espresso is unbeatable and a must have! I just wish Buchito was open later and open on Sundays so I could go more often!
I love this little coffee shop.  Great food, great coffee, and the staff know is by name.  My family have quickly become regulars!  Try the Cuban coffee.
Every time I come here the people are always nice and welcoming. The food is excellent, especially the Cuban sandwich. The coffee is also very good. I am a fan of the Cuban espresso myself. Everything is very well priced and coming from a poor college student, that's saying something. The atmosphere is quiet and very peaceful. It is always a pleasant experience when I visit Buchito.
Awesome Cuban food! I'm pretty picky when it comes to Cuban food but I must say it was just like having a home cooked meal by Abuela. If you're in the area give this place a try!
We are her for breakfast and we had a ham and egg croissant and a breakfast sub (which was kind of like a panini ) and both were amazing, fresh and delicious!!   We will have to return for lunch or dinner!  Very reasonable prices as well. Outside and indoor seating right downtown Kissimmee!  Go if you want good food!!
I stop here before coming into work whenever in this area. Haha, I also come back down for lunch. By far some of the best coffee. Don't you dare go to Starbucks. It's a very bright place with big open windows, bringing in lots of natural sunlight. It feels good to be in Bruchito. I can also not forgot! JANINE! She makes my coffee every morning and is such a kind human being. This is a must stop when in the area.
Besides having a very friendly staff and cool interior, this place has the best Cuban sandwich I think that I have ever had.  I used to travel to Miami a lot and I had a fair amount of Cuban food, including sandwiches. I believe that Buchito's has mastered the Cuban.  In addition to great sandwiches, they also offer a variety of coffees.  I tend to stick with the same thing when I go to a restaurant, but I plan on trying something other than the Cuban the next time I eat here.  I have no doubt that it will be delicious!
Small friendly local place that serves the best Cuban sandwich. Really. Will return soon.
Buchito Restauran, have a realy good sandwiches...( Cuban ) Pastries and coffees.
This place is awesome. Everyone is so nice & the food is delicious. Try the tuna sandwich & try the cafe con leche (with the cuban coffee) or buchitos iced coffee. Delicious!!
I tried the cuban sandwich and it was delicious. The café con leche is very original. A Very nice couple running this place. I will definitely go back again.
