Relied on generally strong reviews, but noted some seriously negative ones -- and the negatives are, unfortunately, correct.  Was here for lunch, so maybe the kitchen staff is different than what happened when the positive experiences appear in the reviews.  The service was excellent (they weren't crowded), but major, major problems:  some of the chips in the basket were stale; the beef in my enchilada was clearly past its prime, which is unacceptable; and a dining companion said the same was true for the chicken in her quesadilla.  Hate to write this.  The atmosphere is quaint -- so fine -- and I don't find the drainage ditch view to be that offputting.  I'd like to give them a second chance because maybe there was an accident in the kitchen or the cook was not the regular one.  And this is the kind of place I'd like to give 5 stars.  But not being from the area, and with many alternatives around here, I won't be back.
Wow, good stuff!  It's not easy finding good Mexican food in Florida.  After living in California for 6 years, I was spoiled.  The last place I expected to find authentic Mexican food was in the middle of tourist Hell on 192 in Kissimmee.  Thanks to the previous Yelpers who reviewed this place... I would have never noticed it.  You knew the place was legit when you walk in and there's a dude with a makeshift desk selling cheap knock off colognes. I went with the fajitas... $13!  And man they were great.  Chips and salsa were solid.  My friend had a cheaper lunch, about $8 and was fully satisfied.  Definitely will be back next time I'm in Orlando.   Only minor complaint is I'll echo what others say about the service being a little slow.  But it wasn't big enough of an issue to drop a star... this place is excellent.
This is the WORST Mexican restaurant I have ever been at. The only good thing about this place is y he decoration, very mexican, gives uou the impression that you are in a restaurant in Mexico city. Good job on this! The first thing the waitress brought to me were chops an salsa.... which, chips are actually broken pre packed tostadas. The salsa is sweet, it taste like "del Monte" bottled salsa, that you can buy for $1 at Wal-Mart... BAD!  I ordered plain water as I was craving watermelon water but they didnt have it. PLEASE, if you take the wrong decision to eat here,  DO NOT order plain water, PLEASE! It taste like tap water but with the extra strong bleach flavor... disgusting,  I took ONE sip and that wad it. I ordered mix fajitas, which came with "mexican rice" ( which I dont know who told them it is suppose to have cauliflower), as the waitress defined it, fried beans, Pico,  a slice of avocado, which she mistakenly called "guacamole",  a 2 lbs of sour cream that cover my one leaf of lettuce. I asked her for spicy salsa, hey its a "Mexican restaurant" she brought this salsa that taste like ketchup with habanero peppers seed... no flavor at all. Then the worst, the fajitas were BURNED, completely burned! I will NEVER NEVER come back!!
This place was gooooood! Really delicious, authentic Mexican food! I had Churrasco and my wife had the Empanizado... Both were really great, fresh and served in a timely manner. We started with guacamole and wow, so fresh! The chips and tortillas all tasted homemade and they had a wall of fresh juices in the back. I wanted to try the Horchata but they had run out for the day :( They do the "sombrero on your head, embarrass the crap out of you" birthday celebration so be sure to bring the family members you want to embarrass for their birthdays! The only reason this isn't give stars is because the service was absolutely horrible. No one came to our table for like 4-5 minutes, our guacamole was brought out without chips and our server left before we could ask her for some so we didn't we chips until someone came to bring our meals and we were able to ask them, our drinks never got refilled and we didn't have silverware so our meals sat at the table for a good 2-3 minutes while we tried to get someone's attention to bring us some silverware. If you aren't on a time crunch and aren't easily frustrated by inefficiency definitely give it a try cause the food is totally worth it! We will be back! Banking on the hope that it was just a fluke cause this place is really affordable and really delicious Mexican food!
El Tenampa is a wonderful 'mom and pop' Mexican Food where you can walk out with a full stomach and wallet. This restaurant was recommended to me by a Hispanic co-worker who recognized my appreciation for Mexican Food. The only reason I have put off going here was due to the location. With traffic lights every quarter mile and cheap roadside motels, US 192 is the entrance to hell. I avoid it at all measures, but last night I was as close to the restaurant as I was ever going to be, so I figured...what the hell? The restaurant has no frills and, unlike other upscale Mexican restaurants in the area, doesn't pretend to be something it is not. El Tenampa is loud with conversations (in Spanish) and my dinner date and I were the only gringos in the place. The waitress recommended a spicy steak platter which was a great choice on her part and made up for stale chips and a thick guacamole that consisted of either sour cream, or mayo. With a bill that came to $11, prices are excellent. I was eager to try the drinks, but I was already a bit wine drunk (what?! It was a Sunday!) so water seemed like the wise decision. I plan on recommending El Tanampa to friends and if I am ever in the area again I will be back.
Definitely a hole in the wall kind of place and there's a Hispanic grocery store attached that sells their desserts (it was advertised on their menus). Comprehensive Mexican menu that included Tortas. We had the chorizo torta and the chicken taco and chorizo taco. My torta was yummy. My partner liked her chicken taco more than the chorizo one. The salsa was spicy and delish. I would definitely come back here again and maybe try a margarita.
Amazing atmosphere amazing food amazing drinks. Need I say more?  Oh yeah and a guy singing to you.  Every time we go to Orlando we will be stopping in here.
The best authentic Mexican Restaurant I have been to. The food was great, service was great. Very friendly staff. The restaurant was clean and again the servings was more than you can eat. I highly recommend this to anyone. Fri, Sat nights are packed.
This place was so amazingly delicious!!! We are not from town and we were craving Mexican, stopped off here and left completely satisfied! This is legit Mexican food and we highly recommend it!! Just in case you are wondering, we ordered the guacamole and the chicken chimichanga. That chimi was delicious and they served this white sauce over it which I would have loved the recipe for!!
The chips and salsa are good.  The service was quick and the server was very polite. Authentic Mexican food.
Can you just say OMG!! We have yet to try anything here we don't like!! Hubby went for the fajitas again and I did the wet burrito ( next time no onions. Not a fan of raw onions) it was great!!! When my husband says lets do Mexican this is where we are going to head from now on!!!
Best posole and asada tacos I've had since I moved from Cali. Hand made tortillas are a must and they delivered! I will definitely come back again. It was worth the drive. :)
This place was awesome. Don't let the super sketchy facade fool you, the inside is an adorable restaurant with delicious authentic Mexican food. Do not miss the horchata--an enormous glass was 2 bucks and it was so damn good. Hands down, best chimichanga I've ever had. Plus, it's super cheap! Drinks and dinner for two was $36, can't beat that!
Great authentic Mexican had tacos and chips good service great value. Nice meal two beers and bill under $12 great Value.
Delicious food. Fresh, huge portions. TRY THE HORCHATA!!!! For only 1.99 you get A LOT and it is so gooood.
The service here is AWFUL!! the first time we came here (yesterday for dinner) the hostesses were so mindless they never even took our name down to seat us and we stood in line for about 10 mins. Today we tried again thinking that lunch time would be less hectic. We got sat, only to be ignored and have every other table who sat around us and seated AFTER we did get their drinks and place their orders before we did. Then we still waited and we weren't even greeted by a server. We didn't have water, we didn't place out order, NOTHING! I really wanted to like this place because all of the reviews were good, but honestly if you're in a hurry don't go here. In fact, if you want to eat at all I don't recommend you come here. The service is just horrible, rude, terrible service. We will never go here again!!!!
Wuaoo very  good restaurant!!! It is authentic Mexican food. I definitely will recommend it..
Great food!  A little hard to see from the road at night, but well worth the find.  Excellent chips and salsa, I ordered the shrimp fajitas and my wife ordered the chicken fajitas.  The shrimp and chicken was nicely seasoned  along with the peppers and onions.  I only wished the had some shredded cheese on the platter.  The caso dip was amazing.  For desert we had the fried ice cream and it was amazing.  I could not recommend this any higher!
This was really terrific Mexican food.  And I was so shocked to see that something on this part of 192 could be good, but it was.  Looks unassuming - a little hole in the wall.  Everything folks ordered was delicious.  Our table ordered a chipotle chicken and two different bistek (thin beef) orders.  There is fresh guacamole at no extra charge on your dinner plate.   On one visit our waitress took forever to visit our table for service, the check, etc.  But it was not that way on another visit.   Free chips and salsa (and it was fresh, not from a bag).   I would definitely come back.
Possibly the best fajita I've ever had. I don't even usually order fajitas because they are so over- rated everywhere. I was NOT disappointed. I also had to try the chorizo taco just to see what fuss was about. Very good, especially when loaded with lime juice. Beef chimichanga was rated 4 of 5 by a non- beef eater because they were out of chicken. Some thought the beef was tough, but not my experience. Ceviche he was good, not too spicy. Lots of food! The only thing about this place is that it doesn't look inviting. No light outside after dark and hard to spot the entrance. If you pass it, turn around!
This is probably the best Mexican Restaurant I've eaten at in the last 10+ years.  We went on a Saturday night and waited about 30 min for a table.  Unfortunately, they don't take reservations so you may have a wait but, one that is well worth it. On top of excellent tasting food and nice decor, this place is very reasonably priced.  I spent more on an order of corn dog nuggets and small fries at the Magic Kingdom that on my whole dinner meal at El Tenampa.  We will be back!
I've been going to this place for about 4/5 years now. It's by far the best Mexican food in Central Florida. If it wasn't a 30-40 minute drive for me, I would be there a lot more than I already am. I judge Mexican restaurants the minute they bring out their chips and salsa. First of all, don't serve me salsa that tastes canned. Secondly, keep the chips coming until you serve me my food! El Tenampa has yummy salsa and keeps the chips coming, love it! I also judge Mexican restaurants by how good they make their Micheladas, which is basically a Bloody Mary but made with beer and lots of lime. El Tenampa has a delicious Michelada--another win!! Most importantly, THE FOOD! Gosh this place is good. My boyfriend and I crave it (and have it) all the time! Their chorizo tacos are my favorite. I'm not sure if their chorizo is homemade, but it sure as hell tastes like it. The tortillas I think are made next door, which is owned by the same owners. Their sopes, queso fundido, and camarones a la diabla are also a delicious way to go if tacos is not what you're in the mood for. Lastly, THE PRICES! My God is this place cheap. GREAT food for a GREAT price! What more can you ask for? There are only 2 very minor not-so-good things about this place (3 if we count the fact that I can't have it everyday): 1. The Chilaquiles. Do NOT order the chilaquiles. They're not real chilaquiles. 2. The Waiting Area. It's non-existent. If you come in during the weekend when it's packed, you have to wait in the entryway which is small and gets awkwardly crowded. They def need to revisit those arrangements. Overall, this is as good as Mexican gets in Central Florida!
Parking space is very limited!
Ate here twice before and was good, but this time FOOD POISONING, ruining Disney plans!  SO sick all night.  Might have been the Aqua Fresca or chili relleno cheese.  Stay away!!!
El Tenampa has fantastic food. Their prices are fantastic too. Their food is a bit on the heavy side, so if you don't want something really greasy, you might want a different place. What really holds this place back from getting 5 stars from me is the wait time. I've eaten here three times (twice to go), and each time it has been over an hour wait to get our orders. The line has always been out the door. I'm sure this is due to how wildly popular they are - there has been wait time to be seated when I've been - but it makes getting food a task. Still, it's worth it. The food is great. One last note, the place is pretty hard to find. It's next to the little grocery store on 192.
The best. I got the Wet MOAB. Mother of all burritos!!! See pic. The steak here is amazing! The prices were astonishing low. The climate was hot though because there's a line out the door to get in so people love to leave it open so they can feel the a/c rush pass them. We eat on property weekly but well be going here for Mexican. It's worth the trip. We vacation in Orlando monthly and hate franchise food. We also hate Mexican food that comes out the deep freezer and onto a plate, then rolled through a conveyor belt oven like most Mexican places do. You can tell the owner is a local and is making sure only the best comes out Of this place.
Very good and authentic mexican cousine. Prices are affirdable, great customer service. The wet burrito took to persons to finish. The down side is the exterior that sucks, other than that I love it. Will be back.
Don't judge this restaurant based on it outside appearance is very nice traditional Mexican inside. The service was quick and friendly. I had the steak fajitas it had excellent taste , with a generous portion. No complimentary chips and salsa or discount lunch menu otherwise I would have given it  5 stars. I would still say it's the best in Kissimmee St Cloud area.
I eat here often! - excellent place. Being Mexican myself, it's hard sometimes to get good mexican food, but this place is fantastic. Pros: Prices are very reasonable and portions are big. Service is great and the place is clean with a nice mexican ambiance. They have a mariachi band on weekend nights Cons: If you come on a weekend, be ready to wait, this place gets packed! Parking is a bit of an adventure and sometimes you have to hussle! :) Overall, a great place. My favorite items from the menu: Tacos de Chorizo, Mojarra Frita, Pozole, Barbacoa and Mole con pollo... you'll lick your fingers, I promise!! TIP #1: instead of a fountain drink, order an Agua Fresca (flavored water) they are amazing!! TIP#2: If you don't want to wait to be seated, you can order over the phone and get your food to go... tacos and tortas are especially good!
Thanks to the many reviews on Yelp we gave this place a chance on our way home from Orlando. It's no surprise Mexican food is our favorite so it's always a pleasant surprise to find a new great spot. We happened to get there just as they opened, check the hours they are posted differently on Yelp than what was actually posted on their front door. The chips and salsa were very good along with their queso dip. My fiancé ordered their most popular chicken burrito finished with red sauce & queso which he enjoyed very much. I personally ordered the chicken burrito with the chicken enchilada, honestly they tasted the exact same and didn't even come with rice and beans. Tasted good but nothing exceptional. Our server was very friendly. Was a great overall experience. Thanks Yelp!
Awesome authentic Mexican food. New favorite place for our family in Orlando area. The fajitas are amazing, and everything else we ordered. The beverage list was everything one would expect if you were in Mexico. We are going back tomorrow to try more.
You can get a rough estimate of the quality of a place like El Tenampa by the number of people lined up to eat here on any given evening. Almost every time I've come (always on weekdays), it's been packed. I can't even imagine what weekends must be like. And no surprise, the food is totally worth it. I'm not an expert on Mexican food, but El Tenampa stands up against nearly any Mexican restaurant I've been to, and to me, at least, it feels more authentic than a lot of places. Last time I came, I got the chimichanga with birria. Didnt have a clue what that was, but it ended up being very tasty. I would recommend that combination to anyone looking for a first experience. Some of the more unusual options (from a non-Mexican perspective) like tripe and tongue might still take a while to work up courage to try. I will say that their menu can be a little daunting. For one thing, it's huge. It's also a little cluttered, with Spanish and English sprinkled all over the place and little on the way of explanation to help people like me know what to pick. Overall, though, El  Tenampa serves consistently delicious Mexican food for a very reasonable price, so if you're in the mood, definitely give it a try.
I love this place it been a while. You don't always get served right away but it's worth the wait. The food is always spot on so it's ok with me.
I had a craving for a wet burrito and after yelping what seemed to be hundreds of Mexican Restaurants I decided to give El Tenampa a go.       When you first pull into the parking lot it can be very tempting to just drive away.  The exterior of the building is a bright yellow and looks really dirty.  Usually you will find people panhandling or selling junk outside the entrance.  The restaurant is attached to a meat market so be sure to read the correct sign so you visit the correct place.  And make sure you actually go in!     Inside the restaurant when you first walk in you feel a sense of relief.  I was actually shocked at how clean it was, especially after the not so good first impression of the outside.       Service was on the slow side, and this goes for both visits I had.  They have a huge selection of fresh juices I tried the lime aid and couldn't get enough!  All meals come with chips and salsa.  The salsa is delicious, it is puréed very fine and seasoned well.  My main course was the wet burrito.  This burrito was one of the best.  Huge! My only complaint was the meat was somewhat crunchy.  Other than that the rice, beams cheese and sauce was perfect.
I'm coming back to add a review after eating. This is excellent and authentic Mexican food. Get here earlier and enjoy a joyous atmosphere with people who seem happy to be there, from servers to patrons. Excel, excellent, excellent! Don't let the exterior fool you and be sure to check out the bakery next door!
Let me preface my Yelp by saying that I live in Texas, so for me to eat Mexican food in a state that doesn't border Mexico is a stretch. This place "es verdadero negocio" All of staff and most of the patrons were Hispanic.  I can't place exactly what area(a) of Mexico the recipes come from, but I would not call it "tex mex" Plates were big - I had steak and cactus, which came with rice, beans, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gaio and a roasted jalapeño.  Wife had chile relleno and beef enchilada with carne rojo sauce.  Both were scrumptious The only knock I would give the food was that the chips were cold.  The salsa red and thick, but delicious.
Small restaurant with locals waiting to get seated. That's a good sign! From the outside, I was almost tempted to go elsewhere, but the parking lot was full, and that just doesn't happen if a restaurant doesn't have something good to offer. Inside, this could be any clean mom-and-papi Mexican restaurant. I noticed that they also have frescas! For you gringos, "fresca" means "fresh". It's a drink made with fresh fruit (usually fruit). Think of it as a Spanish smoothie. They're usually delicious, and mine was no exception. (I had the Jamaica.) You have to ask what they have on hand. Once seated, you're provided with chips and salsa gratis. The salsa was good, and the chips seemed homemade, as did everything else I ate that night. The menu even has vegetarian offerings for you non-meat eaters, which is actually somewhat endearing when it comes to a Mexican restaurant. I'll explain: Throughout Mexico, you have areas that eat almost exclusively fish for protein. Other areas might eat only pork or beef, and yet others that rarely ever eat meat products. All of those areas are represented in El Tanampa's menu, which is pretty cool. I snuck a peek into the kitchen, and saw fresh ingredients being put to use by what appeared to be Mexican moms who have been cooking all their lives. My wet burrito (with shredded pork) was quite tasty. The sauce on top was a bit watery, It looked and tasted like watery red sauce and sour cream that got too warm from the heat of the burrito. That's not to say it was bad, but it could have been made better by just placing a yummy salsa over the burrito for the "wet" aspect. Next time, I'll just use the salsa gratis and wet it myself! =) I tried that, and it was REALLY good. The guacamole was made fresh but had started to oxidize. Not much can be done about that with guacamole, and it doesn't affect the taste or quality. That stuff has a shelf life of mere minutes after it's made, so no big deal. Great prices, great menu, great food and an attentive staff. And they have frescas. I'll go back for sure. Don't let the exterior scare you. It's the door on the right. (To the left is an attached market.)
I have been craving some good Mexican food, and this spot is AMAZING. I got the chimichanga and OMG I will for sure go back for more. New favorite spot!
Great food, always hot and fresh. I wish they had more vegetarian options though. good price. It gets very busy and loud so eat early is possible.
Loved this restaurant. I love Mexican food but find most Mexican chain restaurants to be pretty boring. Their queso was amazing, much better than most places which is basically just melted cheese. This had spices in it, had a nice kick to it that I loved. Chips are nice and fresh as well. Had the tacos. Very yummy. Chicken was awesome, steak was ok, but still really good. There was so much on their menu I didn't know where to start. I can't wait to go back and try something else. I am sure it will be just as flavorful Didn't have a problem with any service, though it seemed pretty slow. Food might have taken a little long to get there but it was fresh and hot and the chips and salsa are free I'll be visiting again!
Orlando doesn't have many privately owned non-chain options for dining. When looking on Yelp for something which i can't find at home in the Northeast we came up short... UNTIL... El Tenampa Mexican came up. There were tons of rave reviews for this place, so we tried to check it out. After about an hour wait in the cramped waiting area and an additional 20 minutes or so after ordering, we FINALLY got our food. Ordinarily i would have left when faced with such a long wait, but i was determined to stay and see what all the fuss was about. The food was pretty good. I got the Steak Fajitas, my brother got the Chicken Fajitas, and my other brother got a Steak Burrito. We all enjoyed our meals which were plentiful. The Mariachi band who was on site was pretty entertaining and added a little extra flair. Only thing that's lacking is a bigger place to accommodate the throngs of people who come here and pack in like sardines in the small waiting area. Give them a try, but come early, and try to avoid coming on the evenings in the weekends.
What a sad sad sad review this is for me to write.. First let me start by saying the food is great, HOWEVER the service is HORRIBLE!!!!!!!! I have written a review raving about this place before although that review was based on a "to-go" order. Do not dine in Let me explain my experience. First i was sat at a table smack dead in the middle of the restaurant, which normally wouldn't be a problem but today i was with my family including my 1 & a half year old son. I was offered no highchair and when i asked if I could be moved to an available booth the server asked me "why"  while rolling her eyes. I explained to her that a booth will be better and more comfortable since i have a toddler with me. She huffed than moved me Second while ordering my food my server (now a new women) seemed as though she was paying me no mind whatever, plus on top of it she was also rolling her eyes at me.. I wondered if asking to be moved made every server in the place upset but i told myself it was probably just my imagination. Once she took our orders my husband asked"what's up with the service here?" Ok not my imagination Third, once our food FINALLY arrived my order was completely wrong. When i told the server this was not what i ordered she begin to argue with me, saying that i was wrong and i did order that than proceeded to show me her notes. I explained to her again that even though that's what her notes said, this is NOT what i ordered. I told her what i did, order and when she brought it to me she slammed my plate on the table Never have i been treated like this at a restaurant. Such a shame cause i bartend very close to the restaurant  a hotel and ALWAYSrecommend this place to guest. Tell you what, i will not be doing that anymore
I don't have much more to say than many other posters here.  AMAZING find, AMAZING food!  Worth every bit of effort to get here, find it, and look through the menu.  I didn't order anything fancy, just 5 amazing tacos: steak, pork, BBQ pork, chicken, and chorizo.  By far the best were the BBQ pork (not American BBQ) and the chorizo!  For $1.50 each, these no-what-you-expect-tacos are amazing! Had no issues with service like others complained of.  Spent 2 fun hours here with a baby just eating and chatting with friends.  I'd recommend this place to anyone!
There are a couple Mexican chain restaurants we love & frequently visit, but we've been looking for an authentic local place to go too. We've found it here. We've tried others in the Kissimmee-St. Cloud-Orlando area, but have been disappointed, even after visiting places with very high Yelp reviews. No disappointments here. The chips, salsa, queso fundido, and food are very tasty, the prices are very good and the ambience is nice. We wouldn't have stopped in after looking at the outside of this place on US 192, but it was recommended by a friend. Also, there is a market attached where you can buy lots of things including the desserts on the menu. What could be better? The service could be a little speedier, but the people are nice and the food is great. We will be back and will bring friends. "Yum" is all I can say.
I guess if you get a lot of food in your plate then it's a good place to eat. That's what I think so many people give good reviews to this place. My opinion it's a disaster! Overcrowded with no organization at all. People still entering the place when there are no tables available. Blocking the door and breathing on top of the people seating in the tables near the entrance. Nice decor until you look up and notice the major stains in the false ceiling. I thought about leaving but since the place was packed we expected a surprise to happen. It didn't, always follow your gut feeling. Our waitress didn't have a clue regarding the menu. We ask for a recommendation and she couldn't even suggest one thing. The food: Yes you get a lot but it lacks flavor. Definitely not quality ingredients. My husband got the steak and said it was so rubbery that he thought if a piece fell on the floor it was going to bounce. My quesadillas I have to add a lot of the spicy salsa plus the regular salsa they serve with chips so I could like it. The only thing I like my agua de tamarindo. Chips and salsa you can have it anywhere... Never again!
As a Florida transplant living in San Diego, there's an extensive selection of Mexican abound. With that I went I to El Tenampa with relatively high expectations. I can honestly say those expectations were met and they did not disappoint in any fashion. The juices were fresh, the refried beans were fantastic, our corn tortillas were delicious and easily folded, and the meats were delicious. I highly recommend the El Tenampa plate for couples or those with a big appetite. The ratio of price to food is excellent. Definitely worthy of another trip next time I'm home.
Took me over a year to get here , and I am glad I tried it. Surprised that it opens early (around 10a). It was perfect spot for my mood. Something simple and full of herbs (the legal kind).  The kids and I had an early lunch, around 11am today. Tacos are $1.50 each. Before you get too excited, just know they are the small (about 3" diameter- about as wide as a baseball). They came covered with cilantro and a pepper sauce on the side. We ordered 5 of them.  My daughter enjoyed her chicken quesadilla , she was "in love." I didn't like paying $2.50 extra for a small scoop of rice and a little bit of refried beans, but you learn and move on. The quesadilla was about $6.59 and that came with a side of lettuce , guac, rice , beans, sauce. Unfortunately, I really wanted to love this place, but the food just wasn't quite what it should have been. I have a pet peeve about not only flavor (the herbs weren't even too much of a help) , but also the temperature of the food. It came out fresh looking, but not hot. Big let down. They have a "bar" of smoothies, may try that next time. The bathroom was clean, loved the big , clean, cushiony changing table ( for the baby ).  The staff was warm and friendly. Oh , and free chips and salsa as an appetizer. The food was tasty, I can see why this place would be rocking on the weekends! Oh- next door they have a small grocery store. Got some plantains 4/ $1 and bananas. They have some baked bread and cookies and an area for decorated cakes. I really like the decor and handmade wood benches and chairs. Very unique.
The best Mexican food outside of Mexico. This place is authentic as they come. The service is polite and very attentive. The food. Sensational. I had two tacos for an appetizer. One steak and one chicken. They were flat out great. As a main course I had the Carne Asada (grilled steak). I love the dish and for $8.99, it is well under priced for the quality you get. It comes with rice, re-fried beans, guacamole salad. Good grief Charlie Brown, this meal is outstanding. Seek this place out if your in Kissimmee.
This review didn't get 5 stars because they really need to move to a bigger place. We go on Saturday nights and always have to awkwardly stand reeeaaally close to those also waiting for their tables. Once you get past that inconvenience and sit down, the magic happens. I really only LOVE chips and salsa from one place, and this isn't it. But they aren't bad. The steak chimichangas, however, are to do die. The rice and refried beans are good, too. I have only gotten the steak chimi in the past because why would anyone get anything else? Service has always been great for us. My Mexican best friend always says the food reminds her of home. That, in my opinion, is all you've got to know.
Excellent food! the salsa is homemade & the chips fresh & warm. I had the chicken burrito (could only eat half it was so big) & 1 taco. Delicious! the margarita was strong. My husbands fajita's were perfect & the beer ice cold. the wait was about 25 min but worth it!
Food is awesome and so is the service,  very friendly environment,  And mariachi was great. Most important the prices are  reasonable.  Portions are just the rite sizes and so R the drinks.  For sometimes I've been craving for fried fish, But was sceptical on where to go. So I had the fried fish platter and was AWESOME. My wife had besti encebollao with a couple of margaritas. Will return again.
After striking out at two other Mexican restaurants while down here we finally hit gold. Margaritas could be better but food was awesome. The Mariachi band was a nice touch too. Very busy place.
Fajitas were delicious! Strongly recommend the sangria any day of the week. I would definitely add this to my list next time I'm visiting Orlando!
Good food and prices.  Not mind-blowing but I'd go here again for sure.
We drove past MANY restaurants with fingers crossed to get here. It was delicious! I had a steak quesadilla with freshly griddled onions, jalapeños and melty cheese! White cheese dip is great too! Decent chips, "ok" salsa. Awesome sides.... Rice, beans, guacamole. My husband loved his shrimp chimichanga. If you are visiting or live in Orlando make the drive! You won't be disappointed! Great job!
Came here because of the great reviews.    OMG. From the street you would be afraid to get out of the car. When you enter the restaurant it's like Dorothy opening her door and seeing munchkin land for the first time. It's nice in the inside. Now for the food. Ordered Nachos. They were ok. Ordered a steak burrito and it had a bunch of chewy gristly steak. It was a big disappointment!!!!!!   I would not recommend to anyone unless you like chewy steak.
The guacamole here is divine, and the fajitas wonderfully flavorful. This place is the real deal, confirmed by the more than 50% Latino clientele and primarily Spanish menu that includes tongue and tripe. The agua fresca was delicious and refreshing.
Very good! Probably the best Mexican food I've had in Florida. My wife and I shared a bunch of tacos and chips and guacamole for takeout after a long 10 hr day at the parks. I would round down a half because the salsa was probably the hottest I've had for what I believe was the house salsa for chips etc. It was a Friday night and they were very busy so my request for salsa may have been mistaken for give me the hot stuff. The mariachi band was playing when I ordered. They had a great selection of tacos - beef tongue, pork, beef, chicken, chorizo and several others. I look forward to coming back when I have a little more time to dine in. If in the area I'm sure you could do much worse. Great food great value.
Very bright flavors and fresh ingredients. The tacos are fantastic. Simple and authentic: corn tortilla, seasoned meat of your choice, raw white onion, cilantro and lime wedge. My other favorite is the 'Polo de la Casa'. Thin grilled chicken breast smothered in grilled mushrooms onions and cheese. Comes with sliced avocado, rice and refried beans. My advice: come on a Friday or Sunday and there is a live mariachi band. Very entertaining. On my most recent visit the band played my request of "Cucurrucucu Paloma" and made my experience even better.
Very good service and was over real good food. Some things were a little bland but would come back.
Found this restaurant thanks to yelp and everyone's rating were correct. This place was outstanding!  We ate lunch around 1 o'clock on a Saturday and this joint was packed! I thought for sure we were going to have to wait a fair amount of time due to a large soccer party who ordered before us but we got our food before them. The kitchen knows how to do it! The service: It was good while being busy and packed! Many people waiting to be seated after we sat down. The food: We got a fajita platter that had every type of meat on it that you could want including fish and shrimp! The cost was $50 bucks but that was well worth it. It feed three people for lunch, everyone left full and wait - it feed us for dinner with everyone being full again!  It was seasoned to perfection as well. Props to the kitchen once again! The location is right off the main highway and appearance looks trashy but let the food speak for itself. Other Yelpers made comments about paying with Cash so that's what we did. No problems. Next time I'm in Orlando, I'll definitely be back to support them and eat this great food!
Food was delicious, great atmosphere and the margarita was right on point!  We ordered the large skillet of different meats, fish, and shrimp and it was a great variety to try.  My kids loved the refried beans and rice.  Overall tasted pretty authentic to me.  The menu says the skillet meal is for 4 people but I'd say more like 6.  It was a lot of food for a great price.
We decided to stray from the Disney Restaurants and Yelp led us here.  Yelp was on the money again!  This was excellent Mexican Food and the staff was on top of their game.
I think it is the most authentic Mexican food here in central Florida. I used to live in LA and this is the closest you can get in flavor. Price is very reasonable and atmosphere is good. Service is above average and I like the fresh nachos being serve as a appetizer. Willing to drive just to come here.
Best Mexican food I have ever eaten..  The lemon aid was awesome a must drink... Everyone at our table commented how great the food was....worth the wait
Best Mexican in Orlando! Had gone on our last trip and knew I had to go back. Actually we went back twice! Once for a meal, the other for a snack! LOL For the meal, I had the El Tenampa steak and enchilada with a Pina Fresca. My hubby got the meat plate and we both had 2 Taco's filled with shredded pork. My meal was good BUT, I expected the steak to be a little more tender. I have to be honest, I regreted getting it rather than my first choice which was the Big Burritto! Either way though it was tasty and well worth the money. My husband's plate was delicious, especially the chorizo! One of the streak meats was dry but still once again tasty. The meal wasn't as good as the first time we had gone and it made me a little sad:( LOL The taco's were amazing! Greasy, tasty, and fresh. On our last day we decided to give it another try, we went on down and my husband tried a local drink called horchata, a creamy, sweet, drink made from condensed milk. He loved it! Then we both had some taco's filled with steak, pork, and chorizo! They were delicious, the salsa was spicy, and the toppings refreshing. I think we just caught them at a very busy time the few days before because everything was on point that night. We also had the fried Ice Cream and loved it too. Wish I could try everything on thier menu!
I should have wrote this review a long time ago! I don't quite remember now what I had ordered, but I do remember that it was really good....for Mexican food in Orlando. I've been in both TX and CA, and they had AWESOME Mex!! And this restaurant is the closest thing to the Mex food I've had in CA and TX!! It's authentic Mex food. I highly recommend this place over many other Mex restaurants within 60 mile radius of the place.
I can't believe how good this place was!!!!  Authentic, on Sunday the Mariachi Band was great...  Couldn't believe the food.... This Gringo will be back...
In from Brooklyn to take the kids to Disney, and surrounded by horrible chain restaurants. El Tenampa is about 12 miles from the hotel and turns out to be completely worth the drive. One of the best Lengua tacos I have ever had. All the tacos were made with small corn tortillas and were amazing. My wife loved the house chicken dish. Everything was perfectly seasoned. Anyone complaining about bland food here is full of shit. The service was perfect as well. A Modelo Especial takes about 10 seconds to get to you after ordering. Yes. Watching the dog channel on the TV sucks and the Margaritas are overly sweet and undrinkable. Warning: Cuervo only. What is this, the 80's? Place has a great feel and the Bodega next door makes their own popsicles and has a bunch of cool stuff.
Took my family here after only visiting previously with co-workers when in Orlando on business.  I really talked up the food and told them not to worry about the questionable exterior and run-down old Kissimmee strip of yesteryear.  The food, as predicted, did not disappoint!  First thing is first, we visited on a Saturday night and waited for about 45 mins for a party of 7 which is fairly large for such a small dining room.  Once seated we were quickly provided the obligatory chips and salsa.  The house salsa is phenomenal, with chunks of onion, tomato and cilantro filling every bite.  The watered and drinks took forever to come out after we ordered them, so don't expect prompt service.  The wait staff has been overwhelmed every time I've visited.  The food, ohhhhh the food though!  Try a wet burrito, a sope or damn near anything on the menu.  The chorizo is a nice spicy touch to any dish if you're looking for something extra.  Be sure to try the mango margaritas by the pitcher, but ask for a few extra shots of tequila for them, the are usually a bit weak, but taste great...honey in them?  It's a mystery... Until next time
Absolutely horrendous. Just had dinner there, big mistake. I couldn't even make it to the car before I felt like I was going to puke. Had a party of 6 adults and 3 little kids, no one enjoyed their food. Only thing worth finishing was the drinks. Then again, if you can't get sprite, water and chocolate milk right I'm not sure how you are smart enough to walk. Not only wouldn't I recommend this joint, I'd say avoid it at all costs! The bill for me, my wife and 2 little kids was almost $60... for "food" that was bad... So, extremely overpriced as well. All in all, a thumbs down.
This place is the best Mexican restaurant in the Orlando area. You can tell as soon as you pull into the lot and have trouble finding a parking spot. Don't let the outside fool you though, as soon as you step inside you're greeted with a vibrant interior that makes you feel like your someplace in Mexico. They even have mariachi bands on the weekends for that added Mexican atmosphere. From reading some of the review here, I decided to try their pineapple juice. Trust me, don't miss out on this one. It's very refreshing and tasty. I ordered the Tenampa steak with the cactus. I was a huge portion! I couldn't finish it after eating all of the free chips and salsa. The steak came with some hot fajitas to roll it into. It came with all the taco dressings: rice, beans, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, etc. If you're in the Orlando area with a craving for Mexican food, this is the place to visit.
Great food! Just moved up to the area and in the mood for good Mexican food. Yelpers did not let me down! Great food. Definitely would come back again
Ole, I'm in Mexico! On our way out of town wanted to grab a quick dinner. We drive past this place and the parking lot is full. Next door is a Mexican grocery store and this restaurant looks to be small and nondescript. The place is so packed we thought it must be good. We finally found parking. We walk in and it was a whole different world from the outside. Decent size maybe 15 booths and large tables for bigger party's. Every single person dining in the restaurant were Mexican. Yes, we knew we hit the jackpot. We sit at a booth in the middle of the restaurant, our waitress who barely spoke any English comes over and gets our drink order. Hubby orders a watermelon juice and I order a Sangria, because I saw how incredible it looked. $ 5.99 for 24 oz. A few minutes later she came back to ask me if I wanted alcohol in it. LOL Ugghh, yes and she smiled and said o.k. I asked for it to be dry so she must have thought maybe I wanted a virgin sangria......ha is there such a thing? As I was sitting taking in all the lovely Mexican decor, I notice a bar in the corner with huge glass containers filled with specialty juices. They had: Tamarindo, Mango, Naranja, Fresa, Horchata, Melon, Sandia and Limonda. She let us sample a few and they were amazing! Chips and salsa arrive, light, flaky, crispy, warm, oh so fresh and the salsa was perfect amounts of diced tomatoes, cilantro, onions and spices. Not spicy but just enough flavor to keep you eating the entire bowl....aaghh, you need more no problem, they were their refilling before it got empty. Food: Huge menu with all kinds of specialty Mexican dishes. Tamale- pork or chicken, we decided on the pork. Shrimp Cocktail Steak Fajitas with rice and beans Ribeye Ranchito with baked potato Guacamole side order As we are grubbing like animals on the chips and salsa all of a sudden six guys walk in all dressed the same and they start playing music and singing. Hooray!!! A real live Mariachi Band. They were so good, singing and getting the whole crowd so interested. Their voices were awesome. Dressed in the whole attire, playing guitars, violins, and taking turns singing. They would walk to each table and sing you anything you wanted to hear. They were the best Mariachi band I have heard other than actually being in Mexico. Shrimp Cocktail arrives, there must have been a pound of shrimp with slices avocados and crackers. So good, the sauce was a little sweet for me but hubby devoured the whole dish, he loved it. Food arrives, fajitas are sizzling, cracking, popping as they come to the table, lot's of peppers, onions, rice, beans and hand made corn tortillas. The angel's are singing as I make my first one.....oh what a terrific entree. Steak was tender, spiced to perfection, oh so very good......rice and beans were also better than good. The tortillas were delightful. Hubby's dish had some kind of sauce on it that was spectacular and the baked potato had warm melted white cheese spread on top. His steak was so tasty, I kept taking bite after bite because I had never tasted such pure heaven. Tamale- Authentic and excellent We sat their like stuffed pigs, but enjoying the band and the whole atmosphere. Taking it all in, thinking to myself, now this is what a Mexican restaurant should be. The menu is huge with many items I have never heard of. The service was excellent and so friendly. We stayed for almost over two hours, did not want to leave.Our experience was beyond fantastic! The food, the entertainment, the service, decor, oh it was perfect. A fabulous ending to a weekend. The prices were very reasonable most plates (combo) $7-$15 and they gave you so much food. No way you can finish what you order. It is probably a good thing this place is not closer. I would eat here at least three times a week and it would not be good for the waistline..... The Mariachi band plays on Friday and Sunday! When we left all I could think about is moving to Meixco...ha ha love the food, the culture, the people, oh I was so very happy. If you are around this area, it is a must stop for some authentic great food. Oh I can promise you, I will be back........It's only roughly three hours away. But look how far Mexico is....hee hee Looking so forward to my next visit......see pictures..... Yes, I felt like we hit the jackpot with this place!
Highway 192 resembles a boulevard of broken dreams, where most mom and pop establishments are gone, probably never to return.  Some predictable chains have survived, but little else.   And then there's El Tenampa Mexican Restaurant, a festive little authentic place with an extensive menu and a warm feeling.  I dined here on a Saturday for lunch and the place was hopping.  This might be another of those places where you're made to feel so at home, you'll want to come back. The nachos were fresh, and the sauce was just right -- not spicy, but there were plenty of condiment items at the table to add some spice.  I also had a delicious guacamole dip before moving on to a vegetarian dish of a bean burrito, an enchilada and Spanish rice, accompanied by mixed vegetables.  Portioned just right, I passed on dessert. If you can find this restaurant, adjacent to a Mexican grocery, you'll most likely find you've made a good choice.
I agree with others, the food is great. BUT, DO NOT use your DEBIT CARD at this establishment.  I happened to only have 2 cards when I dine here since I was visiting from out of town and left a good chunk of my personal belongings in the hotel room. When I was paying,  I figured I can save the establishment some fee so I chose to use my debit card.  I was told the card didn't go through, which I was really surprised.  I thought maybe I forgot to activate the card to charge since I only use it to withdraw money.  I gave them my credit card. WELL, I came home and both cards were charged. I work in the financial institutions arena and this is actually how some businesses rip people off.  They charge your debit card several times and tell you the transaction didn't go through.  If it's a small amount, some people will miss it.  I hope this establishment is not a part of this kind of shady practice but I have a bad feeling.   BEWARE.  ONLY USE YOUR CREDIT CARD OR CASH at this business establishment!
There is just one sentence you need in order to convince yourself to visit Tenampa: The food here is as authentic Mexican food as you can get! DISCLAIMER: The sentence above refers only to the US and not Mexico. So please do not be like: "In Mexico I had....... More authentic....." Thank you Sure the place is not extravagant and sure it doesn't seem too appealing from the looks of the establishment outside, but boy is the food goooood. As I usually do in any Mexican restaurant, I ordered flautas. The only protein they offered as the filling was chicken, so I got that. The dish came with pico de gallo, guacamole, smashed beans (Frijoles refritos), yellow rice, and Mexican cheese. It was delicious, and I ate it all in less than 10 minutes! I may have looked like an animal, but I'm not apologizing!!! My little bro and niece had the fiesta sampler which included beef quesadillas, chicken flautas, nachos with chicken, pico de gallo, guacamole, Mexican cheese, and sour cream for a whopping $7.99!! This is the best deal of a Mexican sampler I've seen in town... My mother had shrimp tostadas which she always loves time and time again. My mom's favorite cocktail is the margarita, so we wanted to order one and share. The server told us that they had an all day special that included 2x1 margaritas, and we were like jackpot! We definitively took up the offer, and wow they were not timid with the tequila... STRONG... All in all it was a pleasant experience and the server was always on point with a smile on her face.
Ignore the shady parking lot and Indian restaurant (aptly named, "Indian Restaurant"!! All cliches aside, this is a truly hidden jewel. I love finding small, family owned eateries with fresh ingredients and authentic flavor -- While vacationing in Orlando recently, I found El Tenampa, and it really cannot be beat. There are choices for all: quesadillas, rellenos, burritos, and plenty of combo specials. They have a decent selection of beers and make a tasty margarita. The walls are covered with colorful murals and paper lanterns hang from the ceiling. I went on a Friday night and was surprised to find a live mariachi band taking requests from the couple next to us who were celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary. The place probably had about 25 assorted tables/booths with comfortable seating. We were greeted right away and seated shortly after -about 10 minutes or so. I was dining with my boyfriend and older brother -both of whom have hearty appetites (the latter is also lactose intolerant - a food allergy that was accommodated easily). Freshly fried chips and salsa were brought to the table and we started off with some delightful margaritas. The waiter was attentive and knowledgeable, bilingual, friendly and I'm always impressed when a server can take a 100% accurate order without writing anything down. We got the house chicken, beef enchiladas and beef tongue burrito and split the fried ice cream for dessert. Everything came in HUGE portions and was super flavorful. I think we paid about $50 (+tip) for 3 margaritas, 3 microbrews, 3 entrees and 1 dessert... which is a completely ludicrous steal, especially for the level of service and quality of food we were served. My brother even ended up returning for lunch the next day with our parents and the server not only remembered him from the previous night, but could also recall what we had all ordered! Un-flippin'-real --worlds better than Moe's, Chipotle, Q'doba, and Anna's and even New Bedford's (MA) No Problemo pulls a close second to this place.
This is a GEM of an authentic Mexican Restaurant serving authentic dishes and wonderful freshly made fruit drinks. There is also a salsa bar available. They are usually very busy but very friendly. This is a local place...not to be haunted by tourist like the chain restaurants on 192. The place is small and the tables are very close together. They also have live music with strolling Mariachi Band between the tight tables on some evenings. The place is lively, the service is friendly and the food is authentic, fresh and great. Prices are very reasonable. If you are looking for the chain restaurant feel...go somewhere else. If you want a taste of true Mexico, give El Tenampa a try.
Based on the postive reviews here on Yelp I decided to give this place a try since it was down the street from my hotel. I have to say that I was not dissapoined in any way. I didnt feel like going too far out of my comfort zone, so I went with the Chicken Fajitas. For a seemingly cheap $9.99 the portion could easily feed two people or make two meals. It was a mountain of tender, well spiced chicken, peppers and onions on a sizzling platter. Add the side of rice and refried beans and you have a very filling meal. All the portions I saw looked large, so go easy on the free chips and salsa they give you when you first sit down! As for service, it was excellent. The waitress was very attentive and friendly. Definitely recommend this place.
Pure Awesome-liciousness!  I don't care if it's not a word.  It's how I feel about El Tenampa!   I read the reviews here on Yelp and decided to take some co-workers and try it for lunch.  We got there at 11:00 and were the only table the entire time. We started with the aguas frescas.  My co-workers got limon and I tried the melon.  I was a little nervous about getting melon, but thought why not?  It was great!  Strange at first drinking it, but I got used to it as the meal went on.  Very refreshing.  My co-workers loved theirs as well. The salsa that was brought was very good.  Not hot at all.  We all enjoyed it. We all got the wet burritos because I read that they were huge.  They had chicken and I got the steak.  Their chicken was grilled and all of the ingredients were very fresh tasting.  My steak was excellent as well.  I liked that it wasn't full of beans and rice.  Often burritos are overfilled with them. One co-worker ended up eating the entire thing because he enjoyed it so much.  The other wanted to, but made herself stop and finally covered it with her napkin so it would stop tempting her!  I took half of mine home so I could have it again for dinner. Overall a great experience.  My one co-worker loved it so much that he posted their take out menu on our office fridge.  And he's normally very picky and will only eat food from chain restaurants.
Recently moved to Orlando and at the recommendations of fellow yelpers tried El Tenampa. This place is fantastic. Wouldn't have thought this place was even worth a try from the look of the exterior. This place gets busy, but the wait isn't long. Service is great. Been here a couple of times and never had an issue with service. The waitstaff is always attentive and helpful with any questions you may have. They are accomodating if you are a picky eater. So far, I've tried the chicken fajita and chicken and steak tacos. Everything was delicious. I would stick with the tacos though, at $1.50 per taco (chicken or steak) its cheap and filling.   Thanks, Yelpers, for the recommendation!
I definitely give this place above average marks. We did have to wait a pretty decent amount of time to get in there. But, I guess that was expected for a good Mexican restaurant on a Saturday around 6:30. We probably waited almost an hour to get seated. The place was packed! A good sign of a quality restaurant. Isn't very large, but service was good. Loved their salsa, especially their real hot one! Had a great, smokey taste. Chips were decent. The thicker corn chips. I went with my standard dish. I think you can tell a mexican restaurant by their skirt steak. I got the Tampiquena. It was pretty good. Didn't have a great marinade or a lot of seasoning. But it tasted ok. Mexican rice (yellow rice with peas and green beans) was too sticky in my opinion. My wife got the Carne Asada and her first statement was "this is really bland." The steaks were cooked right though. My kids both got the kids burritos. They didn't have a ground beef option, which they were a little bummed. Neither of them thought it was very good. My biggest turn off was the televisions that were on. They had some Spanish music video station playing and nearly every video contained over-sexed scenes, women undressing or in provocative situations, and people getting drunk. Not quite sure why this would be the selected visual stimulation for a family restaurant. Decent restaurant and definitely has potential. But, certainly won't go out of my way to return.
You would probably drive right by if you didn't know better.  The parking lot is dirt and pavement.  It is joined to a little latin grocery.  Really enjoy this place. Excellent authentic mexican.  Usually eat the mole chicken.  Flautas also very good.  Frescas and horchata are great.  Have also had the steak with nopale and it was very good.  Top it off with mariachis on Friday and saturday and this is a great place.  It has become one of our standards. Daughter says "Let's go for Mexican!"  Unfortunately, she means the chicken fingers and fries... but she loves the place and we are working on the palate!
My review is two fold - if I compare this to other options nearby, it would probably round up to a 4 star review (since it is not a chain and it is reasonably authentic Mexican food).  But, since we are from Texas and my honey's Mexican mama is an amazing cook, we know that *good* and *authentic* are not necessarily the same thing. The service was friendly but not attentive or speedy.  Our waiter did speak some English but I spoke Spanish to him anyway since the greeter definitely didn't speak any English and I'd dropped into the habit.  That doesn't bother me.  But, it took a long time (45 mins or so) for our food to come and our drinks and chips were not refilled in that time. I was *hungry* after a day at the park so I really would have appreciated something to tide me over. When the food came, it was a mixed bag.  My carne asada chimichanga was quite tasty, covered with a queso blanco.  The rice and beans though were not very good.  The beans were bland and the rice was bland and just bad.  My older stepson didn't expect his Quesadilla Casera was going to be a deep fried quesadilla and didn't like all the grease (when a 12 year old complains about grease...it's gotta be pretty greasy!)  My honey thought his steak was decent but not fabulous.  I liked the chips, but not the salsa particularly.   They get a bonus point for using queso fresco instead of cheddar. The prices were pretty good though, esp. compared to other places in the area.  Really, it was the rice and beans that made me round down.  They are  the staple of Mexican cuisine and when they aren't good, I become a sad panda.   That said, if you are not a connoiseur of Mexican cooking, and you don't live in Texas or California where good Mexican food is available, you might be satisfied with mediocre beans and bad rice, and this would be a good option.  If you're from TX or CA you probably aren't going to see anything spectacular here.
Excellent food and great service; shout out to our server Xavier; this is authentic Mexican food;  fajitas mixta was excellent.  This place is where local Mexicans go for Mexican food - that's got to be good.
Who here remembers the Casa Bonita episode of South Park? Everyone? Ok, awesome. El Tenampa is much like Casa Bonita, only minus the waterfall and plus the authenticity. The second I sat down, I ordered a trio of tacos. Al Pastor (marinated pork), chorizo (a red paprika-laden sausage), and lengua (beef tongue). I order these three tacos everywhere, because it gives me the best sense of a Mexican restaurant's authenticity and quality of ingredients. Each taco was excellent. The meat was cooked properly, the onions and cilantro were offered as a matter of course, and the tortillas were warm and hearty. Chicken fajitas, as good as I've had anywhere, came out just as the mariachi band was making their meandering way towards our corner of the restaurant. By the way, there's a mariachi band. And they were excellent. So yes, Casa Bonita in Kissimmee, Florida. Who knew?
Unfortunately, we never even ordered.  We went for lunch and were seated right away.  Then, we became invisible as others were seated and served around us. After patiently waiting for at least 15 minutes and failed attempts to get our server's attention, we left.
We went there last Sunday after we read some reviews here. guess most reviews were right, great food, service and atmosphere. We kind of hesitated when we saw the area, but the minute we went in we just forgot about it. Awesome food and killer margaritas. We'll definitely be back.
This place still rocks!  When Small Fry wakes up in the morning waxing poetic about dinner the night before; that's some good stuff.  She's already asking to go back! The outside of the building is getting a bit of a refurb; can't wait to see what it looks like when it's completed!   Parking lot is still a nightmare, but one can always find a spot to squeeze into. Got the combo meat platter for two again and it was more than enough for 2 adults and the Small Fry.  (The name of the platter escapes me, but it's on the second page of the menu in the top half).  Also ordered 3 of the Agua Frescas: Lemonade, but surprisingly was told it's made with limes, Pineapple and Horchata.  Our waiter was kind enough to bring us a sample of each of them prior to ordering and only Mango and Cantaloupe weren't favorites. Dessert this time was the fried ice cream.  It was good, but hardly an authentic style offering.  Small Fry declared the ice cream "yummy".  Next time I'll just stick with the flan.
So, at first I felt a little apprehensive rolling up to this establishment around 9:30 pm (the sun had set and the exterior of the restaurant, which is attached to a little convenience/grocery store, seemed a bit too dark and not very inviting) but was quickly reassured when I walked in the door and was welcomed with a warm, cozy and authentic energy inside. It was very busy and it did take us a while to be seated, but once we were seated, our service was absolutely great. Also, the food... wow. Portions are HUGE and the flavor is just incredible. Yay!
Today was my first time using Yelp and I found this place and decided to try it. I was absolutely NOT impressed. I am not sure if it was the hype that raised my expectations but the food was nothing special. I had the chili rellenos and we got the tenampa sampler. The queso was good but thats easy as long as the right cheese is used. The rellenos was bland with the poblano being wilted overly thin and flavorless with the batter being much too thick and seemingly fried. Should be an egg based batter but tasted like something related to cornbread. I felt like I was eating a cornbread mozzarella stick with a hint of flavorless pepper. It was the first time in my life I have taken a bite of chili relleno without instantly wanting more. The meal lacked flavor entirely. Rice and beans were bland. The most flavorful item was the pico de gallo and I attribute that to the lovely herb cilantro rather than this restaurant. All in all the food was not terrible but definitely does not deserve the ratings it has received. I would probably give it 2 stars but want to balance out the undeserved high reviews. Not sure if you all hopped on the bandwagon with this one but definitely disagree with the raves. I hate to have my first review be negative as I am an intense and committed lover of all food but this place turned me off entirely.
We had a fantastic meal here tonight.   The atmosphere is... bright.  Murals and decorated tables and signs and such.  Don't let that dissuade you.   We were greeted, seated, and promptly given some chips and salsa to snack on while we looked through the menu.  The menu is very big.  They've got the basic tacos, burritos, tostadas, as well as delicious sounding Mexican entrees. To start we ordered a ceviche tostada.  For 3$ you get a mound of delicious ceviche on a tostada with some avocado on top.  Excellent starter. I ordered a carnitas burrito for my entree and my wife ordered the bierra, a shredded beef, combo plate.  The burrito is large and packed full.  It was absolutely fantastic.  I cannot wait to come back and try some of the different meats.  And they do have plenty to choose from, including lengua (tongue) and tripe (stomach/intestine).  My wife enjoyed the bierra quite a bit.  The portion sizes are massive for what you pay.  Be prepared to have leftovers unless you can put down a lot of food. After our meal was done, we popped over to the little store next to it as it is owned and operated by the same folks as the restaurant.  If you're looking for a Mexican butcher, check that place out.
The skirt steak topped with grilled green onions, grilled cactus leaf and grilled jalepeno was truly outatanding! It was savory, smoky, variably hot (depending on whether I chose to eat some jalepno and if so if I imbibed the seeds too) and I had my own cinco de Mayo party happening in my mouth. I highly recommend this dish. The margarita was tasty too and I appreciated being able to hold the glass up to my face and let the cool air blow back on me as I exhaled into the glass which was bigger than my head. All in all a fine experience. And I had no problem being the only white guy in the place.
How have I not written a review for El Tenampa yet? We love this place - we're slowly but surely working our way through the menu. As everyone else has said, the food is amazing! Everything we've tried has been delicious, portions are huge, prices are low. Everything comes with rice and beans (so good) and you get chips and salsa when you sit down. The servers are all super friendly (if a bit slow with refilling drinks - the only qualm I have with the entirety of this place). We've had steak, burritos (huuuge, seriously), carnitas, some sort of chicken wrapped around shrimp, we've had breakfast (mmm, steak and eggs), and we'll be back to try more. If you go with friends, there's a sampler for "4" that could realistically serve six or seven easily, and you get to try tons of their entrees this way (plus everyone gets their own plate of rice and beans).  The waitresses are also very good at telling you what that delicious plate your neighboring table has so you can order it next time. Everything we've had has been great, especially for such low prices in such a touristy part of town. It always makes me happy to know that places like this still exist. Now if only it was closer to my house...
Orlando is a town full of chains. Generic, over-crowded, boring restaurant chains. Honestly, I really don't understand why people flock in droves to Golden Corral or TGIFridays, when there are local gems in this town like El Tanampa. If you are looking for a charming, local run Mexican place, that is clean and has great food, then El Tanampa on Rt 192 is a great choice. We 'discovered' it tonight, and I'm sure we'll be back there again before our trip is over. I rate Mexican restaurants based on their Guacamole. While this wasn't prepared right at the table (points off for presentation) it was very fresh and tasty. Big chunks of tomatoes and a bit of a kick.  (we would have liked more if it weren't for the kids). Honestly, we ate at Mexican restaurants all across the south: in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, we haven't had Guacamole this good since San Jose in California. The service here (by "Viviana") was very friendly and helpful. She even brought us a free Aqua de Horchata (rice water) to try. Very sweet, but quite nice. The beef ribs and the Burrito Lengua were both large servings and delcious. The entire meal came to just $40 for a family of four. Including the Beef Ribs Fajitas and the Shrimp quesadillas. Not bad for a great meal. TIP:    1) It is next door to La Hacienda Grocery, which is easier to spot.    2) They don't take American Express (though they should!) So, the next time you are tempted to head out to Chilli's or Ruby Tuesdays, etc. Dare to be a little different and explore what Orlando really has to offer. Jay.
Literally one of those places we've stumbled upon, El Tenampa has absolutely cracked our top ten list of places to get fine, authentic Mexican food in the central Florida area.   A tiny room next to a Mexican market, El Tenampa is decorated with spirit and, on this particular Sunday, packed to the gills with church-goers post-service and tourists who have caught the great word.  Mariachis performed music as we waited with margaritas in hand.  No bar, but they sure had no problem getting our drinks to us as we waited the twenty minutes for a table.  The band played "Guadalajara" and explained about their instruments - such a welcoming intro to the entire experience. The extensive menu posed a tough choice, but we settled in and ended up with plates full of wonderful food.  I got a wet burrito, originally supposed to be lengua, but they were out, so I settled for chicken.  An outstanding meal.  The price was right and you're not getting some kind of Tex-Mex knock-off here.  Absolutely authentic fare. Service was a tad slow, but the place was rockin', so that's perhaps to be understood.  It didn't dampen our enthusiasm one whit and we're definitely planning on coming back.
3.5 stars. Had tacos (chorizo and chicken) and a steak torta. The meat was good but the tacos themselves were tiny. The torta was huge and delicious minus a few large pieces of fat I found in it. The staff weren't very friendly or accommodating, maybe because I'm not Spanish? Who knows... I'll give this place one more chance.
15 minutes from the Disney World but WORTH the drive if you're looking for that intersection of quality and price. This place is a GREAT value in a location where everything seems to be 25% more costly than it should be. Close your eyes when you arrive and walk into the restaurant; otherwise, you'll be tempted to keep on driving. The inside is very nice and comfortably fun. Food --- everything we ordered (fajitas, bisket steak, wet burrito, etc) was very good but my big tip for you --- order one entree for two people as there will be plenty to share, especially if also get an appetizer. We felt guilty leaving so much food on the table. I'm an old, fat, bearded caucasian male and I felt out of place since I was surrounded by Hispanics - which of course was immediate feedback that I'd found the right place. The mariachi band was loud but an unexpected surprise. I'll be back!
The place may look small and daunting on a road filled with crap, but trust me if you want amazing authentic mexican you've come to the right place. If you like spicy try the green enchiladas. The spicest I've ever had. The frescas are amazing and they will let you sample them if you ask. I think the steak and onions are one of my favorites.
Hands down the best, most authentic Mexican food in the Orlando area. You know when the place is full every night and you're practically the only gringo there, it's seriously good. We've spent most of our 13 years together, my husband and I, searching the country for great Mexican food, our favorite dining choice. Not Tex Mex chain nonsense (Don Pablo's, Cantina Laredo, Abuelo's, Chevy's, etc.), but serious, authentic Mexican. This is the best anywhere in Orlando. Texas certainly isn't the only place in the U.S. where you can find outstanding Mexican food. Please. El Tenampa is the real deal, and as good as anything I've had in Cozumel or Cabo. And most dishes are less than $10. Meals are prepared fairly quickly, but otherwise service can indeed be a little slow. But not enough to be a concern - the atmosphere here is relaxed, you shouldn't be in a hurry in this kind of place. Everything from the salsa to the tortillas to the guacamole to veggies for the fajitas is fresh and wonderful. If you're a true amateur, be adventurous and order a michelada - Mexican lager with tomato juice, lime juice and spices. The best Mexican drink you'll ever have, made perfectly here. The skirt steak in the fajitas and arrachera (steak with cactus, TRY IT!) is superb, and the pollo de la casa is also highly recommended. DON'T MISS OUT!!!! El Tenampa is the best. And the fresh conchas (sweet breads) next door at the mercado are the PERFECT dessert.
I have eaten at quite a few excellent and authentic Mexican restaurants.  This was by far one of the worst I have been to.  The salsa was like barely flavored tomato sauce.  The chips were like they came from the very bottom of a stale bag of chips.  The meat in the chimichanga was gristle and burnt and hard as rocks.  The guacamole was OK and the beans and rice were fair.  I will not be back.  I went here because of all of the great reviews.  I was very disappointed.
Looking for more "authentic" Mexican food?  This is the place to go!   This is one of these situations where I wish Yelp did 1/2 stars - this is a solid 3.5 star place.  A few big issues which stopped it from being 4. This small storefront Mexican Restaurant is located in the "past its prime" area of Kissimmee next to some pretty sketchy almost abandoned hotels.  The parking lot is in rough shape but once you get past that - the inside decor of the restaurant is actually very nice.   The menu has quite a few items that most chain Mexican places don't serve - Want Beef Tongue Tacos?  They have 'em!  They also have all of your standards and the prices are very good.  They also have fresh made juices which are on display in large glass tubs.  A large selection of mexican sodas that you don't normally see rounds out the beverage offerings. They were very welcoming when we came in - but once we were seated service fell a bit short.  Not because our server wasn't nice or didn't try hard.... she didn't speak english.  Not at all... as in I had to point and say Pollo because she didn't understand Chicken Burrito.  We got through the ordering process eventually but this was a bit odd considering this is in a tourist area.   Food was good although a bit greasy and large portions.  More "working class" mexican than we are generally used to here in the USA.  Overall it really is worth trying out - quite unique for the area and a fun experience.
Best authentic Mexican we have ever experienced.  Will definitely be back when in Orlando.  Salsa was delicious and I had steak and onions and it was excellent!  Service was a tad slow but they were very busy.
I found this restaurant through yelp and i'm so glad that i did. the food is very authentic, the price is reasonable the only reason i gave it 4 stars because the service was very very slow P.s they address and phone numbers are wrong on yel i hope that they wlii fix it for there own sake the address is 4563 W Irlo Bronson Memorial Hwy phone # is 407-397-1981
This place is awesome! I love really authentic, hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints and this is it. My family and I were staying at Providence Golf Club in Davenport, FL and wanted a great Mexican dinner. After eating at chains and such, it was a really nice (and affordable) change of pace! Our waiter, Luis, was amazing. He was so nice and gave great recommendations on what to order. He brought us chips and salsa right away to snack on. My mom, dad, and Jordan all got the wet burrito-- which they all said was really good. Mom & Jordan got the salted beef, which they said wasn't very flavorful. But my dad got the chorizo-- which he said was amazing! I got the green chicken enchiladas. The green sauce is spicy, but not overwhelmingly so. You get 4 enchiladas, covered with cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and tomatoes. Comes with a side of rice and refried beans. We all got giant margaritas that were HUGE, strong, and delicious. We all agreed that if we go back to the Orlando area-- we'll definitely be coming back!
My family liked it. I didn't like it at all. Feels like your eating in Mexico. My fajitas were over cooked, rice was like mush, chips & salsa were average.
This place deserves AT LEAST a solid 4-stars. El Tenampa may be the most authentic Mexican food I have ever had!! Everything I had that evening was just exceptional...from the must-have guava juice to the perfectly seasoned meat combo (steak, chicken, shrimp) fajitas and to the free salsa and chips at the beginning of the meal.  It was mmm-mmm good!!!  The prices are super affordable and if you want to save an extra few bucks, go to their website.  They have a section dedicated to coupons, so print one out and save some money in this tight economy!
We love this Resturant. Real authentic Mexican food. Not Tex Mex. I had the rib eye & shrimp. The steak was cooked a perfect med rare and the shrimp were not over cooked. My wife had the chile relleno plate. So good. The service was really great. We always come here when we're in the area. This place does get packed at times, but the wait is well worth it.
I'm very picky with my Chile Rellenos, and this place is in my top 5 easily. The waitstaff are great, we had Luis. The food was great, we had veggie fajitas and Chile Rellenos. And they have this fresh juice bar thing with the yummiest BIGGEST glasses of juice. We ordered two and got one to go of the watermelon juice, it was that good. I would definitely recommend you try them out if you are looking for good Mexican in Kissimmee, it's not the BEST I've ever had but it's pretty darn good and it's the best in Kissimmee.
Ay, caramba! This place sure lived up to all the hype...  After a long drive down from Hotlanta, we had a hankering for some south- of- the-border cuisine, and boy did El Tenampa deliver on the goods! Cute little place, not too hard to find, and the area isn't as sketch as what I was expecting from what I'd read in a coupla different reviews. Not too busy late on a Thursday night (9ish). We had a whole fried fish seasoned with garlic, carne asada, a steak gordita, and chicken soft tacos. All were autentico and delicioso. Chips and fresh salsa were tasty, but I would've preferred a little more kick to it...and I'm a "medium" kinda gal. Guacamole was yum, as well. I really dig these little independent oases in this place that's crowded with chain and gimmicky restaurants. Kudos to them!
Ok my first day vacation day in Florida I followed my yelp peep to this hidden gem.  First I think yelp is great but on the bad side when all the reviews are great it is good for business but you know it will also attract a crowd.  The saturday I came here was in the middle of hurrican Debbie. With that said the place was still crowded and people just kept on coming.  Even the rain coould not stop the tourist.  Anyway 1st thing is the chip and salsa that you get when you 1st sit down AWESOME.  I ordered the breaded beef and my daughter had the chicken quesadilla. AWESOME.  The place is simple but the prices were AWESOME.  staff service is good as well.  I took a star away for the silly marachie group.  Really wanted them to stop singing. But definitely worth the trip. Important Tip:  The place is hard to fine , so slow down on the driving, it is RIGHT after the big sign the reads " RODEO INN"
Very good
One of my favorite spots to go for lunch and dinner. There food is really GOOD and the prices are very reasonable!! only problem is that if you want to go on friday and saturday nights be prepared to wait. The place is small so they cant fit alot of people. Also the service isnt all that great from a scale of 1-10 i give them a 4. Ive dealt with many of the serves, and mostly all of them are not multitasked and most of the time you will be there longer than usual. But other than that there food is REALLY REALLY REALLY good!
After only about a 20 minute wait on a busy weekend night, the friendly staff was able to get our party of 12 (8 kids!) seated and we were soon thoroughly enjoying a great Mexican dinner with nice portions.  This place will definitely be on our list each time we visit the Orlando area.
Hole in the wall place in a random location but WELL worth the drive. The house chicken special was awesome...the stuffed pablano was a bit too cheesy Best part of the meal was the tres leches which was absolutely brilliant and worth the visit by itself Excellent service and so reasonably priced
First, the outside reminds me of an old canteen but don't think twice about going into this Mexican restaurant.  The food is great, as is the price and service.  Don't hesitate  going to El Tenampa in Kissimmee.  Dec. 2012.
Slow service but yummy food. Just don't go if you're in a hurry.
This place is really good. It was right on par with the great taquerias you find in California. The tacos were great. Next time I might try some of the other food, but the tacos are great.
When there are a lot of Mexicans eating at a Mexican restaurant, you know it's Good! Authentic Mexican food and ambiance!! Good value and nice to have authentic food other than the typical fast food joints in the area.
This was surprisingly good for Mexican food in Florida. Good margaritas and I really enjoyed the ceviche tostada. Salsa is somewhat weak but had good flavor.
So....not bad at all. I can say I didn't enjoy the meal that I had, but I think it's what I got, not the place (or the chef) that was the problem. I'd definitely be open to going again!! I will say the strawberry and mango margaritas were yum!! And our waitress was a sweetie! The place is ALWAYS packed so they must be on to something.
Have been here many times and I still stand strong that these are hands down the best carne asada tacos I have had outside of California or Mexico!
Fell in love...the entree chicken of the house is Amazing!!! I have been back twice since my last review and it keeps getting better and better. I am glad I didn't give up.
Very good combination of texmex and real Mexican. Aguas frescas are fantastic! Portions are large so plan accordingly. Great prices too. Small, local place but well kept and clean, if a little dark. Bonus, the meat comes from a butcher located next door!
Only reason not 5 stars is because the margaritas were not great. Everyone loved their meal..a lot of food! We over-ordered for the kiddos. Trying to figure out when we can come back!
It was a little sketchy the first time I walked in to el Tenampa, but don't regret it at all. The food is so fresh and delicious, the chips and salsa are so addictive. The burritos are massive and would fill anyone up. The prices are very good, the margaritas are massive and beer selection extensive. If your craving authentic Mexican don't be afraid to make the trip, you won't regret it.
Finally a real authentic Mexican restaurant! Don't let the looks of the outside fool you. The staff was friendly. The food was amazing. Prices where average. Portions where large.
If you caught my review on Paradiso 37 you have read what can go wrong with Mexican fare if you get someone trying to skimp for 'high quality', which often ends up an illusion. El Tenampa, on the other hand, gets it right. I've been there three times in as many months, and each time, the food is seasoned, hot, and tasty. The servers are pleasant and inviting. Whether you go for authentic Mexican, or something pseudo like quesadillas (I'll admit I do both), the quality is excellent. Their enchiladas are sizable portions, the meat is high quality, and you may have to wrap up some for what you order. It's that much and too good to throw away. Beverages are excellent too. They have a line of flavored fruit drinks, their name escapes me at the moment, that are excellent.
The WORST service I have ever gotten at a restaurant.  I'm writing this to warn everyone who reads the good reviews.  If I could give it negative stars I would.  I should have gone with my gut and left before we were seated when it took 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge we were even standing there to be seated.  The food was decent, but the service was so slow I lost my appetite.  Do yourself a favor and keep driving.
Ate here twice for supper during the week.  Brought the wife and kids, and they loved it!  Very authentic food.  The steak meat is wonderful - great flavor.  We also tried the rice water, which I highly recommend.  The first time we went, we were a bit nervous because it looks a little intimidating from outside and has a small parking area, but it is a very friendly environment the moment you open the door.  Also, the bakery next door has great pastries!
I continue to come here for the only chicken tacos, which are great. Unfortunately, on a regular basis after I place my order the server comes back to tell me they are out of chicken. It's probably happened four times in the last few months. Seriously ridiculous. Get your $@!% together folks.
I finally got to visit this restaurant with my family last night after hearing so much buzz about it. I am so glad I did. It's a little hard to find but it's a tiny little building hear a tall sign for an Indian restaurant. They have one side as a restaurant and the other side as a Mexican Grocery and Bakery.   We got great food for a great price. I ordered the burriot with asada and carnitas. It was huge and so freaking delicious. The meat was seasoned so great and I only ate half and was stuffed. It came with guacamole, tomatoes, and sour cream on the side. My husband got 3 tacos and the sampler platter which was excellent. My friend got the shrimp cocktail which was spicy and tasty..the only thing I didn't love was the shrimp was chopped up in tiny pieces rather than left whole. My daughter got the kids meal..a steak quesedilla with fries and my son got a steak taco. Everything was so tasty and authentic. I usually go to Azteca De Oro on OBT because the food there is super too but I will start to frequent this place too. After dinner I went over to the Mexican Bakery just to browse around and ended up leaving with some delicious and well priced pastries to end our meal. The grocery store was so awesome too..the meat in the butcher counter looked fresh and all of the veggies were so nice. They had beautiful dried chilies and all kinds of things to make authentic dishes at home.
I had to do a quick update because part of what I said in a previous review is no longer true.  The food is still awesome, the portions huge, and the staff is great.  It is the building that has changed.  The are doing a makeover and it looks great!  The parking lot is still always packed.  The home made chips are delicious!
Oh Hell Yeah!!! ARRACHERA all the way. The steak was delicious. The rice and beans were perfect. The hot pepper was super hot and I couldn't stop taking bites. The horchata was really good too. Tenampa has gone through some renovations. Unfortunately, it's become mega popular so it's hard to find a seat especially on a weekend. Very small place that gives you some super Mexican food. If you are not in a rush. Come and make line. The wait is about twenty minutes or less. Buen Provecho.
What can be said about El Tenampa?  Fantastic?  Authentic? More food than you can possibly imagine on your plate?  Really this place is a gem if you like Mexican food.  I don't think it gets more real unless you head to Ernesto's in Cozumel.  Both times I went we ordered some huge meat plate that is served family style.  The first time it was chicken, marinated beef and pork for two... Well it says for two but clearly 3 could eat it.  The second time we ordered the one for four and in addition to the standard meats,  it had shrimp and pork cutlet and chicken stuffed with ham and cheese...  All of the meats are well marinated, kind of like fajitas and actually served in a similar manner as well.  Corn or flour tortillas and a plate of fixin's to make a little burrito for yourself. My parents were with us and they are generally particular about the places they eat, and they really liked this place.  I plan on going back and trying one of the other dishes, but I have no doubt that it will be just as good as what I've had so far... The food is good, service is generally good and the place is clean.  Only constructive criticism is that it's really not that close to anything... but it's worth the drive.  For what it's worth, both times we've been the place was nearly full, so clearly the people that know about it, like it. Yo quiero El Tenampa!!!
Let me start by saying that any reviews I give that are 3 stars and under means I will probably not go back because the restaurant is not worth going to. I gave El Tenampa 4 stars for the fact that my husband who was raised in Texas and probably have eaten more Mexican food than any other ethic food says his entree was very good. He had the enchilada verde. The side of rice that came with an entree was real rice not the kind that taste like little plastic uniformed pellets. My daughter had the pulled pork which was juicy and tender. My son had 3 chicken tacos. The tacos are small but what do you expect for $1.50 per taco. My son is very picky about his taco and he ate all three without complaining. I had the chile relleno. The poblano pepper was very fresh and not over cooked and mushy like others I've had. We were dissappointed they did not have avocados or else we would've ordered guacamole to go with the complimentary chips. The salsa that arrive with the chips was not the best and pretty much almost the worst we have had which was surprising to us considering the restaurant was packed with patrons. We went there while on family vacation to Orlando. I always use Yelp to help with locating highly rated restaurants wherever we are. I would've given this place 5 stars if the service was better. We waited a long time for our meals, not the reason to take away a star considering the packed restaurants. However, we waited to get our water and refills of water. My children had to refill their water glasses with my water. I wind up going to the front host area to pay our bill because it was taking so long for everything. The total bill was very reasonable otherwise this place would get 3 or 2 stars. So take it as 3 stars if you don't mind slow or non-existent service. 4 stars if you want authenticity to the food and inexpensive meal.
Awesome food good price!!! Would recommend
Vacationing and staying at nick resort. Looked on yelp and saw reviews for this place. They were right excellent choice!!!! And inexpensive. Perfect restaurant.
Good food at a reasonable price. Friendly staff too. It is easy to miss it the first time you drive by.
I grew up in El Paso TX and I wouldn't use the word authentic to describe my dinner. I had a combo with a "burrito" and a chile relleno. Well the burrito was an enchilada and the relleno left much to be desired. None of the food was bad however it was not authentic either.
Best Mexican Restaurant.  I go here about once a week and the food is always great.  The quality of the food is amazing and it is much less expensive that other places in the area.  I have left stuffed after having spent less than $10 including the tip.  Service can be slow at times, but it is worth it.
Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. Don't let the weird location and shady characters in the parking lot scare you. The food is amazing, ambiance is great, prices are crazy low, and you just might catch a performance by the EXCELLENT mariachi band!
What a hidden treasure!  I don't normally go to Kissimmee for good eats, but apparently I need to start checking for them!  El Tenampa isn't much to look at from the outside, but inside you find a cozy, welcoming restaurant.  Our server didn't speak english, but she had someone come over and help take care of us.  House Margaritas are $9.99 and pack a solid punch.  I tried the Carne Asada which came with sour cream, guacamole, and rice.  The portion was as delicious as it was big.  I am definitely coming back here, because this place may just dethrone my personal favorite Garibaldi as my favorite Mexican restaurant.
Went there yesterday and enjoyed! Food was good, service good, atmosphere authentic. I would recommend!
This place was clean, service good and food had great flavor.  Parking can be a little spotty because of the store next to it, but not horrible.  Had the Carne Asada with melted cheese, tomatoes and cactus.  Cooked to perfection, but a little gristly.  Rice and beans were good but the kicker was the chips and that great salsa.  Wow!  Soda's are very large and they offer refills.  The wife and kiddies really loved this place and you probably will too.  Found this place via Yelp!
Best Mexican!  My husband and I ordered fajitas for 2 and queso dip.  The dip was huge and the fajitas were the best we have ever had- it is small so be ready to wait a little in weekends.  Also don't judge the book by its cover, on the outside looks like a complete dive.  But the inside is cute And the food is great!
Like others have said, don't be turned off by the parking lot. Once inside, you won't regret it. The bistek encebollado was perfectly cooked, the fajitas were not overdone, and my uncle raved about their pollo de la casa, as well as the refried beans; which he says is the key to a good Mexican restaurant. If you like horchata, theirs is excellent.
In a land where you are surrounded by chains galore, it was nice to stumble onto this place . Hands down some of the best Mexican I have tasted on the East Coast. And that's not just the Tequila talking. I highly recommend it !!!
This is the best Mexican restaurant I've tried in Florida! I live in Miami and have traveled extensively to Orlando and many other parts of Florida quite often and I haven't seen a place that even comes close to this one. The menu is quite extensive with items that prove the authenticity of this restaurant such as side orders of nopales or grilled onions. The shrimp cocktail is to die for, it reminds me of my childhood living in Acapulco Mexico. It has tons of shrimp, I've ordered it twice and haven't been able to finish it either time due to the amount of shrimp that they put on it. All their portions are very generous!  The tacos are amazing, they have a huge selection of meats from cueritos, lengua and carnitas to the classic steak and pastor. They are served with fresh chopped onions and cilantro like real tacos should be (none of the shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream or lettuce Taco Bell experiment). The chilaquiles are amazing too, they are served with steak or chicken. For appetizer I highly recommend the queso fundido with chorizo, it is amazing! It is served with a side of guacamole and home made corn tortillas. They serve a great variety of fresh made salsas both tomato and green tomatillo based. Each table also has a great variety of bottled salsas such as habanero, Valentina, Valentina hot etc... For items such as the shrimp cocktail. They have a great mexican beer selection such as XX, Tecate, Bohemia and Sol. They also have home made water such as horchata (rice, cinnamon based), Jamaica (boiled Jamaica flower) and other fresh fruits. The service is super friendly, our waitress Arianna was amazing! The restaurant is usually packed on a weekend night and you may have to wait for a table but is well worth it. Right next door there is a fully stocked Mexican supermarket where I love to buy Mexican candy and snacks. They also have all the Mexican condiments and brands you can imagine and hard to find Mexican groceries, herbs, fruits and veggies. Love coming here!!
Wonderful meal and atmosphere.  The outside is so different from what we discovered inside. The prices were unbelievable.  Had a carnitas wet burrito and there must have been half pound of meat that was well seasoned.  The guacamole was fresh and delish. What a hidden treasure!
Oh my, if I could rate it 6 stars I would! House made tortillas, frescas (Mexican juices), a wide selection of Mexican beers and sodas. Had the shrimp ceviche and it was amazing! Tacos were all unbelievable. Definitely recommend jogging down the street a bit past the tourist spots for the best Mexican you'll have outside of Mexico. Awesome Mariachi band to boot! Highly recommended!
I went to El Tenampa with my family this afternoon (2/5/2014) and I can honestly say that I'm extremely disappointed. Where do I start?  First, the crowd was minimal, therefore I expected the service to be fast and quick.  I ordered the Beef Fajitas around 2:45pm.  I waited, and waited, and waited, and soon after additional customers started coming into the restaurant around 3:20pm.  The other customers were greeted and welcomed without restrictions and placed there separate orders around 3:20-3:25pm.  As I remind you, I still do not have my food.  My family had their food 20 min ago, but my food was delayed.  Around 3:30pm, the fajitas came out, but the waitress brought out chicken instead.  I had to wait an additional 20 min for my previous order while the other patrons order beef fajitas and they received there fajitas before I received mine!  Finally, my order finally came around 3:45pm.  When my order came out, the fajitas were served "raw".  I had enough.  So I asked to speak with the manager, and he said that he apologized because there was a delay in the kitchen.  Really?  Not only to mention, the cook eats from his hands before serving out your food before it arrives to your station.   With the flu season in full effect, consumers need to be very careful about employees not washing there hands and how the wait staff serves your food.  Just providing food for thought.  Be careful. Little does the manager knows, I work in Washington, DC for the USDA as a Food Inspector!  I will not let this experience play out.  *Hint Hint, Department of Health will get a call and I will enforce this unsanitary place to the fullest. Beware of this place and service.  I'm man enough to place this review and I will notify management that I did it.  The consumer deserves better.
Authentic and delicious! The fajitas for two is plenty of food. Be sure to order fresh lemonade.
Very good, authentic, and reasonably priced. This one shouldn't be missed. We will definitely go back soon. And..... I've had TX and Cali mex.
In spite  of vegetarian section on the menu, I was told they couldn't  make any of the choices. Offered me a kids menu and served a cold burrito stuffed with sloppy refried beans and no sauces. Guacamole had a very oily taste that I have never experienced before and hopefully never again.   Service very disorganized even though few tables were seated. Waiter could use some education on menu , service etc. other guests meal was not what she had ordered but couldn't take the time to send back or try to explain to waiter whose  menu knowledge was lacking.     Decor is quaint
Food was absolutly amazing. The staf was a little slow but because the food was so great & cheap I wasn't that mad.
Holy Crap Batman this place is delicious. It helped reading the yelp reviews about the supermarket otherwise we would not have noticed this place. The sign is so small its ridiculous. Anyway small parking lot with a very sketchy looking exterior. Then I walked in and the bright colors blew me away. I loved the decor. 2 huge murals on each wall and right at the back glasses of fresh prepared fruit juices. Just like a street juice stand almost. The place was busy but we were seated immediately and was given complimentary chips and salsa. Salsa was ok but the chips were fresh and hot.  Its not a large dining at all and the tables are close together. However they did have a large party of about 15 people so the can accommodate groups. Our server Luis was very busy and i only saw him and maybe 2 other servers so he was working very hard. Not much personal attention but he treated every request with urgency. . My group had house special chicken, steak quesadilla and vegetarian burrito dish. I enjoyed my chicken dish. my only complaint would be the juiciness of the chicken. It was on the dryer side of what I prefer but it was still yummy. My guy had room for improvement on his dish but was satisfied overall. Now my fave part was my tres leches. It was the best tres leches I've had in my life. It was a perfect ending to this dinner and the best part the bill was only around $45 for 3 adults and 1 kid. We had 2 juices 1 appetizer 3 adult entrees 1 child entree 1 dessert = awesome value.
A tip of the sombrero to my brother who recommended El Tenampa.  This ain't Chevy's!!.   Great authentic Mexican food at beyond reasonable prices.  It was full of Hispanic families when we ate there.  We were the only Anglos in the place.  The food is great.  try the tongue, it is fantastic.  You won't find a better Mexican restaurant than El Tenampa.
I ABSOLUTELY THANK YELP FOR LEADING ME TO THIS PLACE!!! Alright, now that I got that out, I'd like to say this was by far one of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to. Family owned, completely authentic with such a fun Mexican setup, El Tenampa deserves a much bigger sign to declare they're little location in Kissimmee (I had a hard time locating it and probably drove passed it 5x hehe?). I was only in town for a couple of days and wanted a nice dinner without having to spend hours at the themed restaurants in the neighborhood. I absolutely enjoyed my experience here. I had a margarita as well as guacamole and a tongue quesadilla and completely finished every little speck of my food, as I would say the same for some friends that came with. If you are not familiar with Mexican cuisine, the waitresses can be extremely helpful. She made great recommendations, and she is willing to spend time with you to discuss and explain despite the very busy restaurant. She also doesn't mind making up your indecisive mind on her recommendations. Great food, great service, Great environment = Amazing experience....= 5 stars!!!
This review is actually for the El Tenampa on OBT with the Mexican grocery attached. I had lunch here, two tacos, chips and salsa, a side of guacamole, and a large drink all for under $8. The tacos, shredded pork, were open faced soft shell and delicious. Really authentic Mexican flavor- no Taco Bell taste here! The guacamole was a generous serving and was made fresh. Really delicious. I don't know why I couldn't find this El Tenampa listed on Yelp but hopefully someone will find this review and try this great little restaurant.
The parking is not the best but the food is really good. I like everything from their tacos to their enchiladas. Their fresh aguas are delicious. I usually order their agua de horchata. There is another little gem at the Waterbridge plaza in Orlando, FL that has the same name. It has the same items and aguas. Just as good as this place.
I'm glad I came back for the drink again. Authentic mexican food place and great price for its portion and food. I'm in love with the horchata. Back at home I would never get horchata, but after I had it here, I've been craving it since I came back to LA. I ordered the wet burrito and it was also amazing for its price.
I worked at a nicer mexican restraunt previously and this was one of the best Mexican meals I have had.
Best Mexican food I've had in a long time, and I have it at least once a week. Amazing food! May be a little small dining area, but don't let that fool you or steer you away--worth the wait. Coming from an Arkansan on vacation, highly recommended!
This is a great place, very authentic and great service.  Even better for me and my family were the vegetarian options (they have 4).  Many authentic places aren't necessarily veggie friendly but this place definitely was.  Our waiter Luis was great and one of their best features are the 'aguas frescas'.  I had the mango and it was real mango (not a fake fruit juice version).  Also loved the red salsa!
We used yelp to find a good Mexican restaurant and came across this one. Since I am a chef, I see things a little differently. The place was very dirty from the dining room, bathrooms and the kitchen. Service was really bad and realized why when we got the bill they already added the gratuity for our group of 5. The cheese sauce was not completely melted and had about a 12 inch hair in it. The chicken mole was tough and tasted like it was cooked the day before. The chips and salsa were good. The leftover fajitas actually made the whole van smell and we had to stop and throw it away and bought air freshener and still could not get rid of smell. Everyone got really bad gas to top it off. Over all it was a disaster dinner. I hope I can save someone else from wasting $58.
Good authentic Mexican food.  Local and definitely not a chain.
Great guacamole, great chicken flautas. Everything was really good and pretty reasonably priced.  The frescas were really good. It was so good that I am still giving this 4 stars even though 3 of 4 of our group (those that shared the shrimp cocktail)  stayed near the bathroom for the next 2 days.
Excellent and truly authentic Mexican place that blows the touristy places out of the water. I found this place on Yelp and dragged my vacationing family, who appeared a little daunted at the look of the place, there. They thanked me and we went back twice more over the course of our vacation.
What a great place, great prices, great food.  Best authentic Mexican food I have had outside of Mexico.  The location is hard to find, parking can be tough, but so very well worth it.  Carnitas tacos are out of this world.
I agree with other reviewers about how the inside is so much nicer than how it looks from the outside. Don't be scared by the sketchy neighborhood and the creepy parking lot in front. The food is great, very authentic,huge portions, and cheap! We were impressed with their ceviche tostada for $2.99! We were scared to try since it was so cheap, but it had slices of avocados, perfect amount of citrus and had great flavor! I would not get guacamole next time... It had one of those weirded  texture and tasted a little like frozen guacamole from a plastic bag... Chicken sopes was good. We shared some beef main dish (as most reviewers suggested sharing a meal since the portion sizes are huge.)  it came with sautéd vegetables, baked potatoes and rice & beans. We could not finish it and ended up having some leftovers!!
We moved in 4 years ago from southern California and its really hard to find real mexican food. This is as close as it gets. Everything we have tried is good. I think my only complaint is they don't speak or understand english very well and sometime they mess up the order. The food is great the service need to be better but I will put up with it to have great mexican food.
After reading all the reviews I was disappointed in the service. First, we had a party of 4, 2 adults and 2 kids, our orders came piece mill, meaning all orders came out separately. The kids meal came out last and there was not updating us on the status. The waitress did apologize once she delivered their meals (came 7 minutes after the adult meals) The staff was over worked to handle the capacity of people that came to eat.
Delicious authentic food. Service was a little slow but all servers were busy and moving quickly. I would definitely come back if in Orlando again. I would recommend the "wet burrito" and/or fajitas.
Great food, great service and great ambiance, thats all you need to know!!!
This was the best meal I have had at a Mexican eatery since being in Oaxaca last summer. The house quesadilla was yummy, the corn tortillas were fresh.....if I  ever in Orlando again, I will definitely eat here again.
Loved it! It was authentic as it gets! We had the best time! The margaritas were awesome! and we just had to go back the next day!
Wow. Ate here I think 3 times already. I wont lie, I order the same thing all the time and that's because it is amazing. I order the Chimichanga with Carne Asada and it blows me away all the time. Add a margarita and you are golden.
Been here many times over the last years. Unfortunately and regrettably Tenampa may be suffering from their own success. Service, food quality and flavor is no longer consistent. Today may be the last time I here. I left with a sour stomach and so did my son. We both ate the same. Burrito mojado. It was supposed to be chicken but the meat was  unrecognizable. It honestly could have been anything! when I complained the server laughed at me like I'm an idiot but did nothing. I also ordered birria and mole. They both where no where near what they used to be. I love authentic Mexican food and know it well. I used to like this place because it was the closest I can get to Mexican food without taking a long flight or driving an hour to Hanes City. Too bad, now I have search for another Mexican place to satisfy my from time to time urges.
Great Food complimented by a fun atmosphere and great service!
It's truly hard to find authentic Mexican food in Florida and this place is very, very close and good. Authentic flavor and they use hand made corn tortillas which is a highly regarded benchmark in Mexican cuisine. Cool kitschy decor and a fun mariachi band gives for a cool ambiance, did I mention this place had a constant stream of people waiting for tables? If it's a Friday night get ready for a 20/30 minute wait, It's definitely popular. As for the food, we had traditional steak, chorizo, pastor and cueritos tacos with double tortillas, cilantro and chopped onions (another test of Mexican street food authenticity), my wife had a shrimp cocktail with plenty of Valentina sauce and I had amazing Chilaquiles within the first two bites you get that intoxicating flavor of truly traditional Mexican food. We also had queso fundido with chorizo. Our waitress Ariana was a sweetheart and was always checking up on us, amazing service for a busy Friday night.
Don't let the outside appearance fool you. This place is fantastic! Great authentic Mexican food at an affordable price. You certainly get a great bang-for-your-buck here.
My husband and I went to Disneyworld and wanted to try a restaurant near our hotel. Based on yelp reviews we decided to try this place. We like it so much that we went back the next night. We will also be going tomorrow night after another day at Disneyworld. The service is okay...both times we went we had to wait a bit to be greeted and seated. The first time was really annoying because three employees were up front talking. It seemed like one was a manager training the other two. It was really annoying because they completely ignored us, like greeting customers is beneath them. Finally a hostess showed up and seated us. The second time no one was up front and we had to wait about five minutes until a server came up to ask if we had been helped yet. Both times the place was busy but not packed and there were open tables. The food made it more than worth both trips and our trip tomorrow night. The prices are very fair too. The first time we went I got the shrimp quesadilla, which was good. My husband got tacos, which he said are the best he's ever had. The second time I got shrimp al mojo de ajo, which is shrimp sauteed in garlic butter. I've ordered it dozens of times at other places and it always comes with tortillas. The waiter dropped off the food and asked if I wanted tortillas, which I definitely did. I had to wait five minutes for them, which kind of sucked because I won't eat that dish without tortillas. So I guess my basic point is that I'm not impressed with the service there (although I've certainly had worse) but the food more than makes up for the lackluster service. It's the best Mexican food I've had since I moved away from Santa Cruz, CA seven years ago. I will definitely eat here every time I'm in the Kissimmee area.
Authentic, affordable, delicious Mexican. Highly recommend the Carnitas and steak nachos!  You know it's good when the locals eat there. Ice cold Dos Equis, what more can you ask for?
Best Mexican Food in Osceola County period.  Enough said.  Order the white cheese dip...and everything else.
Went there a few weeks ago to get some side dishes for the tacos we were making for dinner.  This is a hole-in-the-wall place next to a mexican convenience store I believe. After I got back, I discovered they had forgotten the salsa for the chips.  Luckily they weren't that far from where I was staying.  Try one of their $10 high-octane margaritas if you can stomach the price.  You won't have to wonder if it has any firewater in it like most of the ones you get at your average border jumper joint...
Found this place on Yelp. Was leaving Orlando and wanted a good meal before heading home.  This restaurant is on the ol' Bronson road that has seen better days.  So don't be fooled by the old neighborhood.  Do yourself a favor and stop here for great service and best of all, some of the best Mex food ever.  I live in South Florida and am Hispanic myself...This food is the real thing.   The flavored waters are a must. I had fresh Guava water.  It's like bighting into a guava.  My wife had the lime water and it was a perfect and refreshing blend (not sugary and fake like u usually get).  I had a steak asada burrito mojado(drenched in cheesy creamy sauce).  BEST BURRITO I've ever had!  The beef is cooked on fire and chopped up with little crunchy meaty bits that are perfect with the creamy sauce.  Great fresh flavored. Chorizo taco was also a great.  My wife had the house chicken which I don't know what they did to it but she said it was some of the best she's had.   Overall this place is priced low and the quality is at the top.  This is a new pit-stop on the way out of Orlando.
When you first drive up and take a look at the place, you may be tempted to turn around and spin tires to get out of the parking lot. If you are seated by the window, it doesn't get much better as you watch the plastic trash floating in the backed-up drainage ditch outside. But looks soon become deceiving as you see the great number of menu choices and the prices that are more than fair. I can only speak for the fajitas. Back where we are from, you do not get steak, chicken and shrimp. And you certainly do not get this much. My wife and I could barely finish the meal for 2. Our girls loved the enchiladas and vegetarian platter. Service was very friendly. The only reason that I am not giving them five stars is that the re-fried beans and rice were barely warm (but still tasted better than any Mexican restaurant back in NC). So get off the beaten tourist path and try a local place that is far above average.
This is officially my first review on Yelp and I have to say very well deserved.  El Tenampa Mexican restaurant seemed a little intimidating once inside as I felt that everyone was staring at us once we opened the door to get in since there really is no waiting area.  But after my wife reminded me that opening the front doors of the restaurant was letting in a lot of light and that it was akin to opening the doors to a movie theatre I suddenly understood (a little thick headed).  I ordered combination fajitas for one (12.99 and really would feed two) and my wife ordered a vegetable combo (6.99) kiddies ordered a kids burrito and quesadilla (3.99 each).  Finally we all shared a mexican fried ice cream which we almost didnt finish since it was ginormous!  The food was hands down the best authentic mexican food we have had in a long while. Mariachi band was great for the whole family and added to the fun atmosphere!  The trip was definitely worth it and by the time we left there was a crowd of people waiting patiently outside.  I would highly recommend to anybody who loves Mexican food!
Was on vaca from NJ, food are fantastic! Worth the 1hr wait.
This place is like being zapped from Orlando into Tijuana! The reviews about looking past the outside appearance are valid. The exterior is not dilapidated or anything, but the parking lot/neighborhood look sketchy at night. But its not a worry. Look at the pictures previously posted and heed the "look for this sign" picture for an India Buffet...thats what helped me find the place. We went on a Friday night at 8 PM which was prime time for this place. I opened the door to find the backs of several people waiting for tables. I stood there for 10 minutes before the host(?) looked my direction and took my hand signals for a table of four. The place was hopping. The band was walking around playing to each table, and it was LOUD in the there. When they took their breaks, which was often (thankfully), the noise level was typical of a packed family restaurant. Our server was Adriana, and she was STELLAR.  She was very patient with my 6 year old twins and my lack of knowledge of their menu. The food took a very long time. So long that the host came and asked if we had eaten yet! I think he needed our table. Once he heard we had not been served, he asked surrounding tables and found out they were still waiting for food too. Within minutes, we were all receiving our orders. The food was good, not great. I had a wet chicken burrito, and my wife had chicken fajitas which were hot and tasty. They weren't over spiced and had good flavor. We didn't have appetizers because we ate more than our share of the complimentary chips and salsa. We enjoyed the salsa immensely! The kids had tacos, and the meat was unidentifiable. It was supposed to be ground beef, but it was in large chunks. Both kids had trouble chewing it and complained of it being hard like a bone (although there were no bones, of course). Lastly, the bill. By far our cheapest dinner as a tourist in Orlando. $35 pre-tip. For the experience, flavor, music, and service, this place will be hard to top. I would definitely return and recommend to others. The negatives I mentioned were not deal breakers, so give this place a chance.
The best Mexican food in the Orlando area! The place is always packed at any given time! My husband and I took my in-laws there who are from Mexico and live in Los Angeles.  They loved it and were surprised of how good it was. When we want to feel like we are home in LA, we go there.
Omg...this was recommended to us by someone who lives in the area.  The food was good, can't argue that....but a day later....every...single...one of us had horrible diarrhea.  There will be no "next time."
I've only been on Friday nights with the Mariachi band. Excellent experience. You have to come.
I've eaten out more then most people I know because I have been single most of my life (old guy). I grew up in NYC  the restaurant capital of the world. This place was FANTASTIC! Although very small, it was worth the wait, also hard to find (look for the India sign). Homemade sauces, homemade juices...mango, pineapple, guava, lemonade and more. The food was all fresh unlike most restaurants in Central Florida . The complimentary tortilla chips and salsa were to die for. I had a sampler appetizer which had a nice mix of delicious treats. Then the Tilapia (the whole fish head, tail and eyes), crunchy outside and tender inside, yellow rice, lettuce, tomatoes and avocado. I had the Flan for dessert, yum.  They have a Mexican hot sauce called Valentina which was hot but so delicious. The Mexican grocery store next door is a must visit, I bought the hot sauce for 99 cents a bargain for a 12 ounce bottle. This Mexican restaurant has to the best in all of central Florida and worth every penny.  PS A Mexican I spoke with said forget Corona or DOS Equis try the Modelo he was right. I hope you enjoy this Mexican gem.
I saw the great reviews and decided to go there.  As we drove by it looked shady and decided to not go.  The next day, I told my husband lets give it a try because I really wanted Mexican food.  So we did and like everyone else said it looks bad on the outside and there are a few people loitering but it was nice inside.  The restaurant was full.  We ordered the sampler appetizer which was yummy.  The salsa was really good!  My husband ordered the carne asada and said it was okay.  I was torn between the flautas and the asada burrito so I ordered both.  Both were good but they put salad on top of the flautas and I didn't care for that.  The asada burrito was really good.  I had the horchata which was good but a bit sweet.  We also ordered churros for dessert which was so good!  All in all it satisfied my craving for Mexican food.  It's a small quaint place with a deceiving exterior so give it a try!
I don't give 5 stars but this place is worth every one!  Don't be spooked by the exterior or the liquor store next door or the truck stop like parking lot.  As soon as you open the front door, you know you are in an authentic Mexican restaurant.  The menu has everything - from tripe tacos to carnitas platers.  I got the chicken of the house and could have ordered seconds - not because I was still hungrey but because it was so good.  And the house margarita does not dissappoint.  Go there.  You will not be disapponted.
The food was very good prices very affordable the severs need to smile, smiling can help you improve your customers experience
While I am not Hispanic, this is the best Mexican food I have ever eaten! Fajitas have a much more savory flavor than those from other Mexican or Tex-Mex places.   They have several frescas to drink as well, and the margaritas are great!
We love to eat at authentic Mexican restruants and we certainly were not disappointed.  We ordered Carne Asada and it was the best ever! Someone had mentioned their Pineapple juice being delicious and I was thinking it would be strange with Mexican food, but it was delicious!!  You will not be disappointed with this place!
After looking for a nearby non-resort park dinner, we found raves about El Tenampa on Yelp, so we decided to try it. Everything was excellent.  Food was fresh,portions were larger than usual and my wife is still buzzed from her Margherita at last nights dinner(12:30am now at Typhoon Lagoon).  Yes they do need a larger sign and it's not a large restaurant, but it was perfect for this family of five.  And Luis or waiter was very good.  P.S. As my wife learned the hard way, don't rub your eyes after sampling all four kinds of hot sauce on your Nachos(fresh and complimentary).  Good think the Margherita was potent.
This is the BEST ever mexican food I've had in America, PERIOD!! For the ambience and the price, there is no beating this place. The servers are very friendly and courteous. Food quantity is amazing. We went twice in 2 days just cos the taste was Excellent. Highly Recommend!
I live in Southern California and we have great Mexican food.  El Tenampa was as good as any Mexican restaurant I have been to.  I agree with others, it doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is cute and the food is great.  Try it, you will love it.
