Great little coffee house/cafe that is tucked away on Bryan Street near the Osceola County courthouse. Great sandwiches, soups and salads. Also a great place to grab an afternoon coffee or tea pick-me-up.  Set amongst beautiful oak trees, this cafe is in an old 1920's home with wood floors, stained glass panels and firehouse decoratives scattered throughout. Very clean and cozy. MY SECRET TIP: if you want a little spot for two, go through the front of the cafe to the back door (which is rarely used) and there is a nice little private deck with a table and two - nice, private and quiet. I should also add that this place is family owned and operated and is super close to the historic downtown portion of Kissimmee and the beautiful Toho lakefront.
Perfect little cafe hidden by the Osceola Courthouse. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful (for when you have no idea what you're in the mood for!). You'll usually find a collection of people here from courthouse staff to attorneys to people who just happen to find the reviews on Yelp! The food is excellent and the atmosphere is very laid back. There is history all over the walls in this place which is always cool to check out during the short wait for your food. I come here often when I'm over this was for work and highly recommend it!
I love Susan's Courtside Cafe. It is such a small cozy place to dine at. They treat the place like a home and you can feel that in the atmosphere. The prices are good and the food is excellent. I love both the Tuna Melt and the Cajun Chicken Salad although I'm sure anything you get will be great. I am there once a week and the quality never changes. Susan herself is a very sweet woman with a heart of gold. If you eat here you might make it a routine because it's so good. I would recommend it to anyone for a nice afternoon or early evening meal.
The food is basic sandwich stuff but put together by a staff who have been there for years and treat the place like their own kitchen. Comfy, newspapers to read, good coffee to drink and not the bustle of the chain operations. This place is great as a jumping off point to visit historic downtown Kissimmee. A few good antique shops and friendly folks.
What a joy.  The five stars come from the fact that this is locally owned by sisters, use great bread, just good stuff.
That the Best place and clean I ever visit, u need to visit I had the best pizza it's called the Bob's special if you add shrimp to its delicious you have not lived into you eat  Bob's specials.
Go local at this warm and friendly cafe.  Surprising large menu and beverage choices.  Tucked in next to the Osceola County Courthouse and county administration building, Susan's is convenient to historic downtown Kissimmee, Kissimmee Civic Center, Amtrak station, and beautiful Lake Toho and it's lake side marina.  Eat in or take-out.  Enjoy.
