I found this place on Yelp, it had great reviews and they were right! Great food, reasonably priced and very friendly service. We were a big group and tried different items on the menu. We loved everything. The lentil soup was great. House salad, chicken and beef kebab were delicious. All appetizers were amazing as well. 5 stars for sure.
This restaurant have great reviews and great potential. In a nutshell, they need experience managing the place. Their disorganization will definitely cost them reviews and money. Starting with the menu, there was miscommunication because it isn't clear. The gentleman who took my order didn't speak English and handed us large cups for drinks. I was a bit apprehensive and luckily we just filled them with water. I find out later the fountain drinks were $2.50 each. After placing our order 2 large families showed up. Their food was prepared before us hence the 1/2 wait. I did consider walking out and was a bit annoyed. We did get an apology for the delay. Our food was tasty, but won't be returning. Their decision to serve two large families well after our order was placed wasn't the right thing to do. Good luck with your business.
You just can't go wrong with the King. Yeah I know, it's in an old Quiznos in an unconvincing shopping plaza. Don't worry about that, get yourself inside. If you want the best experience go with either a kifta platter or, my personal favorite, the chicken tikka. It comes with the most addictive rice ever, some awesome lentil soup, and then some veggies. The chicken tikka is the highlight in my opinion. Everything is fresh and they make their own hot sauce in house. Some weeks it can be spicier than others, those are the best weeks. On top of the fantastic food, you'll also get great personal service. We go back quite often and have never had a bad meal.
My friends (who I trust on where to dine) have been telling me about King of Falafel in Kissimmee and I finally got time to meet them there for lunch. Because of their praise I knew it was going to be good, however I did not expect it to be this good! Turns out this place (located in a small strip mall - if you blink you might miss it) has been opened since 2009 and has gained all of its business by word of mouth and great customer reviews. We walked in, grabbed a seat and were greeted by their very friendly staff who took our order. We started off with a dozen Falafel (Crushed Chick peas mixed with parsley, spices and fried in vegetable oil, served with tahini sauce $5.99) I must say that I have had a lot of Falafel in my day, and this was probably the tastiest I have ever had. The outside was super-crispy, and the inside was fresh and packed with flavor. Now to drink they have what is labeled as "Tamarindo" and it is a self-serve (yay-free refills) Tamarind-flavored juice/drink. I'm sure it is not for everyone's palette but I loved it and found it quite addicting. Now most of the entrees come with your choice of Soup. I had the Harira. (Moroccan style soup with tomato base mixed with celery, lentils, cilantro, parsley, spices and chick peas) I also found this to be really flavorful, with just the right amount of spice. Then my Vegetarian Plate arrived. (Hummus, Babaghanouj, Tabouleh, Falafel and stuffed Grape Leaves $9.49) I really enjoyed the freshness of everything. The Falafel was indeed my favorite so I am very glad that we had the appetizer, because the two on this plate wouldn't have been enough. A basket of Pita was also served on the side. My friend ordered the Chicken Ticka. (Chunks of marinated chicken and a spicy hot blend charbroiled to perfection, served with rice and roasted vegetables $9.99) I had a bite and although it was a little too spicy for my tastes I still thought it was pretty good. Then for dessert I had two Baklavas, one Pistachio and one Walnut. They were perfectly cooked and just sweet enough. Both were good but I preferred the Pistachio over the Walnut. I am very excited to return to King of Falafel, I just wish they were closer to where I live.
Authentic, delicious, affordable. I would go here daily if it was closer, but I'll make the 45 minute drive when I'm craving it. It's just so good! Beware the chicken ticka if you can't handle super hot/spicy foods.
Not a bad place especially for the price. Most dishes are pretty amazing except for the kabobs, which cost them a star. After all, this is a Mediterranean restaurant. I expected better meat for their kabobs. The meat was tough on the both plates we ordered so there is no excuse on that. But all the side orders we had were awesome. Service is decent and the place is clean. I would visit again but maybe not ordering the kabobs.
Excellent food! Reasonable prices. Kind service from the gentlemen who work behind the counter. I cant recommend this place enough. Just because they are in a strip mall doesnt mean anything. Its about the food and THAT is excellent.
I don't know if the people writing these reviews have been deprived of good Mediterranean food or what...but this place was less than mediocre!  The hummus was bland and watery.  Same for the baba ghanouj.  It was really tasteless!  The falafels were nothing special and the pita bread was inedible once it cooled down...which was three minutes later. The straw that broke the camel's back was the awful service.  The place was empty when we arrived and the waiter acted as though he was being overworked by waiting on us. They were stingy on plates, cups, serving ware...everything.   I wouldn't go back to this place if the food was free!
I found this place on yelp and thought I should try, since I usually don't really go for Mediterranean dishes.   The location seems it used to be a Quizno judging from the decoration.  They are just two people working here.  I was greeted right away upon entering and the cook handed the menu to me and my husband.  My husband ordered Gyro and I ordered the combination plate.  The food was brought out about 5-10 min later by the chef to our table.   The gyro was good but I felt it wasn't anything special.  I didn't like the combination plate at all.  I felt the meat was so dry and burnt.  I am no expert when it comes to Mediterranean food.  I see in some reviews, this place offers the best Mediterranean.  If that's the case, it is just not my cup of tea.  But I believe there is a better place where they offer something would knock my socks off. I didn't really have any problem at all with the service.  They seem like nice people and we had a pleasant conversation with them, but prob because there are only few people in the restaurant.   P.S I saw them cleaning the ventilator of their grills...which tells me they keep their kitchen very nice and clean.
Old converted Quiznos (you can still see the logos) seems to be run buy a couple of guys who are kind of "winging it", but doing a good job. Food was tasty and the portions were generous.
Kebabs, chicken tika and rice were fantastic!  However, their gyro is beef on the menu.  We asked specifically if they had lamb and were told yes they could make that for us.  But when it came out, we tasted it and it was beef.  We asked about it and were told it was lamb.  But I am not an idiot.  I know the difference in taste and texture between lamb and beef so was offended at someone trying to trick me.  Didn't feel like arguing so just ate it (which it wasn't that good anyway). Then upon leaving, we see them cleaning the table from inside our car.  Can you guess what they used to wipe off the table?  Nope, not a rag.  Guess again.  They used the broom that he just finished sweeping the floor with.  Disgusting! I will never eat there again!
What's up with all the high reviews?!? Service was fine. Food was just edible. Chicken was dry and there was too much oil on everything. Hummus, baba ghanouj, fried potatoes, fried carrots all were drenched in oil. My plate had oil. Did I mention oil?!? I have had middle eastern food 100's of times so this review is based on my vast past experience.  I would normally say its a bad night but sorry, it wasn't. We ordered far too much food so we can try everything. And everything was just ok. Nothing memorable. Sorry guys. I was really hoping to like this place as I miss Chicago and Los Angeles falafel joints.
Don't let the construction outside fool you. This is a cute little place. Good and friendly service. Tasty food and you get a lot of food for a the price. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Orlando.
I started writing this before I finished eating, it was so amazing.  I'm having the hummus, Harira soup and Lebanese house salad. I feel my spirit soar as I am eating... Delightful!   Super friendly service. Incredibly clean. I'm ordering a bunch of food to go, to bring back to Disney with me (where getting healthy food is a challenge). It was worth the hour it took to get here!
How the hell does this place have 4 1/2 stars.  If you never had a good falafel or any mediterranien food than maybe it is good. But if you ever had real food overseas or even somewhere like the falafel joint on south beach off 16th street you would hate this place. Driest most overcooked food ever. But what can you say about food in a tourist spot
If you've just spent the day at Disney and are tired and don't want to spend any more money on overpriced food, head to King O Falafel, just a little bit down the main stretch of road.  We found ourselves here after completing both Animal Kingdom and Epcot in one day and just needed GOOD food in a casual setting. The service is friendly and the food is spot on.  This is not a tourist joint (thank goodness), and the prices are definitely cheap.  The fact that this was once a Quiznos, and the owners haven't done much to hide that fact is pretty funny, and makes for some fun environment checking out while waiting for your food. A big thumbs up!
Food was very good here, authentic, big enough portions. Location is near a strip mall in Kissimmee, easy to find with a GPS. Service was very lacking though.  We come in, goto the counter to order, and the owner tells us to go sit down first, we wait about 10-15 minutes before he actually comes by and takes our order.  Our food takes 30 minutes to arrive which is quiet long.   They have no waitress so everything is self service, ask for your own cups, fill your own water, etc which is ok.   The combo dishes were supposed to come with soup but the server forgot it completely.  The combo dishes also advertised that it comes with rice, hummus, but none of our 4 combo dishes had any hummus.  The server/cook seemed annoyed by any request so we didn't bother dealing with his attitude. Kitchen didn't look too clean either.  On the way out, we asked for your soup which was forgotten, so the server opened the soup but dropped the lid on the ground before he was able to scoop our soup.  He put the soup into our togo container and then PICKED UP THE DIRTY LID FROM THE GROUP AND PUT IT BACK ON THE SOUP POT!   I kind just stared in awe at this act, since he did it blatantly while my whole family was watching and didn't care that he is putting a lid that is on the kitchen floor on a community soup pot.  What other acts like this are going on behind the scenes. Food is decent but the lack of service and cleaniness will keep me away.
I must say this place took me by surprise! I will admit looking at the outside I had my doubts but the food is AMAZING! The portions are great and the quality is out of this world! The staff is friendly and attentive. My number one recommendation would have to be the fresh carrot juice. It's delicious! The only problem I have with this place is that it is so far from my home ::sad face:: I can't wait to go and enjoy it again!
I've eaten at lots of places with falafels, and this place doesn't disappoint. We went here on January 29 around 9:30pm, we were happy that the place didn't close until 11pm. It was empty, but more people came after 10pm. We were pleased with the food. Everything was made to order, so our falafels were nice and crispy. We ordered the following: - Veg platter ($9.49) - Came with 2 warm pitas, 2 falafels, hummus, baba ganoush, tabuloeh, dolmas, and choice of soup or salad. I had the salad which was a very refreshing dish. - Combo meat platter ($11.99) - Came with kefta, chicken, beef, roasted veggies, rice, choice of soup or salad. My husband liked the chicken breast since it was moist, had good flavor, and was not salty. The lentil soup was good too.   - Side of falafels (6 for $3.49) Come here for the falafels!
Perfect for a quick bite. Def not a tourist joint. When we walked in, it seemed like the people that were already there seem to frequent the place.   If you are looking for fine dining-sit-down-and-be-waited-on-kind-of place, then this is not the place to be. However, if you are looking for a quick bite, inexpensive, casual and good food, then this is the place for you :). Well I said "quick" because that's what it seemed like for everyone else.. ours took about 20 minutes-- why? I think the servers just got overwhelmed.   We went there on a Sat night with only two guys working the kitchen and serving.  Could use a couple of extra hands for better service, otherwise the food was delish!!!! Def try the Tabouleh and the hummus!!!!
Tricky to find but worth it! Great food, great service, and great prices! We got falafel platters, humus, baba and pita. Mmmmm falafel The restaurant was very clean and the owner was helpful and warm. We highly recommend it!
The food did not meet my expectations based on the average ratings on Yelp. Which I find very odd. A place with such a high rating shouldn't have turned out the way it did.  I ordered the combination platter to allow me to sample a variety of meats. The meats were not seasoned well and had a bland taste for all three meats. That was disappointing ,and I didn't enjoy anything on my plate. I suggest you look at other options before you go here for dinner. Service was decent and no complaints other than the food.
I ordered falafel sandwich and I liked it but hummus and babaganush was not good. I also liked the chicken kabob sandwich. But the chicken tikka sandwich was very sour and tasted bland.
What can I say that hasn't been said but yes it's as good or better than the previous 179 reviews. Off the charts good, go there, go today you will be happy.
This is still my favorite little spot to get some Middle Eastern food. I just left with a full belly. My family of 4 all ate for a total of 25 dollars. We had the vegetarian platter which comes with pita, hummus, baba ganoush , tabbouleh and falafel. It also came with a Mediterranean salad. The kids with a gyro platter which came with french fries and a drink. The falafel is so crispy crunchy and delicious that it's my favorite anywhere. Everything is freshly made and prepared with love. It's still clean,cozy, and no frills. I gave it five stars this time because it stayed consistently wonderful.
Expectations dropped dramatically after seeing the store, but I trust Yelpers so we decided to try it despite our reservations. The store is shamelessly a previous Quizno location with not much changed as far as....well basically imagine a Quizno serving mediterranean food. It is kind of an odd workflow, but the employees were very nice. After looking over the menu, we tried to order the spinach pie and lentil soup but they were out of both at 4 in the afternoon. They did have falafel so we got one order, a gyro and a chicken kabob platter. Harira soup was different, kind of a tomato based vegetable soup. Falafel was some of the better falafel I have had so they did represent the name well. It was nice and crisp, not greasy at all and good flavor inside. Tahini was ok, but I would expect better. Gyro was very good and then I found out how cheap it was, around $6. Good quality pita bread, which I think makes or breaks a gyro. Meat was very flavorful and the toppings were fresh. Kabob was not really a kabob, just 3 chicken tenders  so i was a little disappointed. On the bright side, the chicken had great charbroil flavor and good marinade. Could use some dipping sauce to balance the chicken flavors. Rice was spot on, but the veggies were super greasy. While the conversion to Mediterranean from Quizno is not the worst I have seen(Chinese restaurant to Mediterranean was rediculous) it does  look a little tacky. Would I ever give it 5 stars? No they are way off from 5 stars, but with a little more organization,actually having all the menu items, and work a little on food quality and it could be a 4 star.
With a place like this, it's important to recognize the quality of food you're getting. King O Falafel is not fine dining. It's pretty much a quick service joint. I say this mostly in response to some of the reviews I've seen that say things like, "I've had better such-and-such before elsewhere." That's like saying of a $5 burger that it wasn't as good as the one you had at some upscale restaurant. Are these the best gyros or falafel I've ever had? No. Not by a long shot. But for what it is -- the type of food, the price, the location, etc. -- King O Falafel is amazing and completely deserves the high Yelp rating it has. As far as the food goes, I'll echo what other reviewers have said: To me, the gyros far outshine the falafel. The hummus is some of the best I've had in a long time. The pita is great, too -- fluffy and soft with just the right balance of chewiness. The one thing I haven't liked on any of my visits is the baklava. I prefer my baklava to be less dry. I've tried it a few times (both flavors) hoping that I just got it on a bad day, but nope. I guess that's just how they do it here. Finally, I wanted to also give a plug to the service. I have nothing but good things to say about it. They've always been super nice and very friendly, even when the restaurant is busy. Major thumbs up in that department.
Kneel when in the King's presence! All hail the King!!! Great to find this gem amidst all that is tourism. Awesome food + inviting service = happy belly. I recommend the Falafel Sandwich, Lentil soup. Dig in...
Very authentic food which tastes great every time. The Gyros are my favorite thing there.
Great food
Falafel tasted sooooo good!!! Gyro platter is also tasty. I love it:) You get a lot of food for the price! I shared and I'm full.
Food is great.  But the same can not be said about the service.  They just leave you there with no clue how to order or where the menus are
5 stars because... delicious :)
Decided to come here based on all the raving reviews but I was very disappointed with the food. I've definitely had much better Mediterranean food before. I ordered the chicken tika and it was basically just chicken breast smothered in hot sauce. The falafels were just meh and food took way too long when there were no other customers there.
Great secret of here.. Now I'm a tourist visiting and I found this secret beauty on yelp. It is a  amazing place with delicious food. I recommend the combination plater with the salad they make a delicious dressing, all natural. I'm moving to Florida just so I can be near this place! Try it out!
If we could put more than five stars, we would. The food, service, and cleanliness were fantastic!! We had the falafel sandwich, the falafel sandwich with potatoes, and the vegetarian plate and everything tasted great!! The prices are very reasonable. We hope they stay in business so that we can visit again when we're back in Orlando. Highly recommend.
Very clean place to dine in, very tasty food, must try kinafa, and chicken tica sandwich ( spicy) Mr Yusaf is very polite and overall service excellent
Authentic food, super friendly customer service, and attention to detail. Love the good and love the place. Hummus and falafel were absolutely stunning. I recommend this place to anyone who like the taste.
I was looking for an alternative to fast food and chain restaurants and found it with King of Falafel. I ordered a collection of appetizers: grape leaves, spinach pie, and lentil soup. And finished it off with baklava. Everything had it's own distinct and delightful flavor. Great  authentic restaurant.
Very good and cheap food Chicken tikka is very nice but very spicy Rice is great Falafel is so fresh , come early if u want it to be made before your eyes
Delicious! A little expensive but lots of meat and seasoned well. Loved it! Would definitely tell others to eat here.
It may look like a extreme hole in the wall and something you should drive by, but it's in fact quite a treasure. I've had my sampling of Mediterranean food in my short life and this place is hands down the best. You pay less than what you really should be and the service is superb! Matter of fact going there this weekend...
Best Mediterranean food I've had yet in Florida. Every time I'm in the Kissimmee area I make a point to stop-in & grab a bite.
What a delight in the crowded tourist crowded area of restaurants. Especially one having good vegetarian options. This is not a fine dining spot. It looks like a quiznos or subway type counter service but they service you at the tables with printed menus. The prices very extremely reasonable..infact downright cheap compared to all the other places around. The quantity is also extremely generous. We had the vegetarian plate and one of the sandwiches that comes with salad. All good stuff and hits the spot. Would definitely recommend for lunch,dinner or anything in-between!
Friendly staff. I've definitely had better middle eastern food though. (I am middle eastern origin) Wasn't much of a fan of their yellow rice, nor the Kofte. Kofte didnt taste like it was made of fresh ground beef. Lentil soup was good. Babaganuj and kibih tasted a bit different than I like them.
Friggin awesome. Affordable. Fast. And tasty! Highly recommend! We came here super late at night really hungry. Thank goodness we were! The platter portions are generous.  We got the combination platter and the beef gyro platter. We we didn't really have high expectations and we were kind of grumpy walking in. (No worries we weren't grumpy to the staff). We were so delighted immediately. Wonderful friendly service and wonderful food.  We are going to try to stop in one more time before we leave.
Apparently most of yelpers never had real middle eastern food before trying this so called restaurant.   The place is filthy, service is ok and the food is way below average.  Bottom line do yourself a favor and don't go there.
These next 2 weeks we're going exploring Orlando for interesting places to eat at. Our lunch today at King O Falaffel was a great start. Had salad, vegetarian plate and gyros sandwich. Food was absolutely excellent. Only note is maybe a bit too much oil added to our taste, in the salad and on top of hummus, but no big deal. The place is clean and simple. Looks like a fast food place, but don't get the wrong impression. This is a dollar well spent. The people are super nice and helpful. Overall, fantastic experience.
This place is delicious!  Order the gyros or gyro platter and you will not be disappointed! The meat is delicious! Juicy and tender! The sauces are different almost every time since it seems they make it themselves.
Super-reasonably-priced restaurant with all items made fresh-to-order. Excellent Fuul, Baba ghanoush and Falafel dishes, along with Sage tea. Hard to spend more than $10 here for a full meal, with drink and appetizer. Our group of ten shared three large appetizers, and an entrée and drink for everyone, with about five of our group ordering the $10 combination dinners, which are more than enough for two to share, and yet our bill was less than $200. Really great, fresh Mediterranean food, and a great spot for vegetarians.
Absolutely amazing food and service. Tastes like a delicious home-cooked meal. Everything is fresh and made before your eyes. Definitely a must try in Orlando.
I was looking for a decently priced Gyro, and was not disappointed. I also ordered the Babaganouj, and it was plated beautifully. I usually go to a different place in the area to get my Gyro fix, but I think I will be stopping by here more often, because the staff was so friendly and welcoming. 10/10 would eat again.
This place is near by to my work and one day I decided to give it a try, I regret not coming here before! The food is always GOOD! The services is exceptional! I always come by myself and the gentleman that work here are always respectful with me. I wish it that the decor was more typical of their county, but that's the only positive criticism I have... I have had the veggie platter and the chicken kebab and they are both amazing.
If you're looking for reasonably-priced, delicious, fresh, and made to order food, you have to stop at King O Falafel. The place is very clean and simple. The staff is super friendly, and very accommodating. Although, it's not an entirely vegan location, there is a lot of vegan options on the menu. If for any reason you're uncertain about what is in your food, you can always ask! I enjoyed a Falafel sandwich which was excellent. Great price (only $5) for an extremely flavorful dish. It's a very filling serving, but it won't make you feel sick when you're finished dinning. I recommend you try it. Authentic and delicious, will definitely be going back.
Hands down the best falafel I've ever had. Everything we had was delicious-- from the appetizer small hummus, falafel sandwich with fried eggplant, and my husband's gyro. Definitely glad we ate here for lunch instead of getting crap food inside the  Universal city walk. Well worth the 25 minute drive from the parks.
This is one of those places I hesitate to review because I want to keep it all to myself. I get the falafel sandwich, hummus and Mediterranean salad every time I come here. The portions are huge. The small salad for example, is enough for two to share (though I never do). It has a unique dressing that is addictive to say the least. This is not the kind of fast food style menu you're used to seeing at other gyro places. Something about it reminds me of dinning in Rome, Turkey, or Greece. Maybe it's the people, or the spices, or the sincerity. Either way, it's a gem in Kissimmee. I noticed the new waitress -- a nice touch from the owners, though honestly not necessary at a fast casual restaurant.
I have tried many Mediterranean restaurants, both fancy and simple, in Chicago, Phoenix, Cali, and now in Orlando. This had the best chicken and kiftka I've ever had by far. So well seasoned and moist. I was literally taken aback by the amazing flavor. Try the combination platter, you will not be disappointed.
It was an absolutely amazing experience. By far the best middle eastern food I have had in a very long time. I would definitely go there again.
Fantastic experience! Friendly owner & fresh homemade food. If you want something that was shipped in frozen then skip this spot, but if you want quality you won't be disappointed!
My husband and I were on our honeymoon and were looking for a late night bite to eat after being in the Disney parks ALL day. We saw the sing for "falafel" and pulled over. The gentleman behind the counter took great care of us as he made our meal for us. On top of the food being absolutely DELICIOUS (the gyro was to DIE for!) the young man (who's getting married in December) comped our meal as a honeymoon present. Even if our food hadn't been comped, it was the best Mediterranean food we've ever had and we plan to come back again the next time we're in town!
Great little spot.  Much more reasonably priced than other local places but you wouldn't know it given the tasty grub.  Worth a stop if you're in town to see Mickey et al.
The food was good, not the best mediterranean food I have ever had, but probably one of the best you are getting in FL in this price range. This is a lunch place, picture a local pizza place feel, so don't expect a nice 3 course sit down experience. I had a gyro, they do it a little differently with a Jerusalem salad instead of the typical shredded lettuce, onions, and tomatoes. Good tzatziki sauce. All very good. I also got humus and falafel. Both very good. A lot of food for a good price. I would definitely go back here for a quick lunch.
Finally got into Orlando and after driving around to find the keys to my condo I was starved.  I am vegetarian and was looking for something that wasn't a normal chain. Ordered a falafel sandwich to go and it was made right there as o watched.  He asked if I liked everything before he put it on the sandwich and when I finally ate it it was delicious :) Will definitely make a second trip here.
Once again Yelp saves the day! I came here solely on the reviews and ratings on Yelp and o wasn't disappointed. Great place, excellent service and the food was delish. Such a nice change of pace from the traditional food places. I'm definitely adding this place to my favorites.  Don't miss coming here is your in the area.
Located in a sketchy, half empty strip mall on 1-92 in Kissimmee is this tasty gem of a restaurant! A coworker brought me here for lunch today... and when I got back to the office, I was in such a good mood that my boss asked me if I had had a beer with lunch! When you head into the restaurant, there's a menu board, but it just lists what's available, not what it's made of. My recommendation is to grab a yellow to-go menu, which tells you what everything is, from the counter and have a seat to make decision. Someone will come and take your order, or you can place it at the counter. Assorted bottled beverages are available, fountain Pepsi products, and hot tea/coffee. I wasn't sure what to have, so I had the owner pick for me... I was brought out a gyro sandwich. Not huge, but not puny either... Just the perfect size for a lunch time nosh. The gyro meat was deliciously seasoned and came with tzatziki sauce, onions and Jerusalem salad (tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley & olive oil). I ate the last few bites, because I couldn't bear to leave them behind! My dining partner ordered the hummus, which came with a basket of warm pita quarters. It was beautifully presented with a garnish of sumac and olive oil. Very delicious, but had a bit too much tahini in it for me. But that wouldn't stop me from eating it again! This restaurant is open from 11 AM -11 PM, so it would be easy to get your nosh on when you need to! The outside seating area is built out, but there's no shade, so I'd be hesitant to sit out there if it isn't overcast. Free WiFi is available, although I didn't test it out on this trip. The menu also states, "The Best Hookah Flavors", so it's assumed that they have Hookah nights (can't type that with a straight face). Perhaps there's more information on that on the website. There's a great variety of menu items for both the carnivores and vegetarians in your group! In summary, I can't wait for more lunches, so I can make my way through the menu. Update:  On my second visit, I tried out the WiFi.  You have to ask for the password, and it's a looong one.  But the WiFi works and it's free. Wheee!
Without Yelp, I would have never have found this gem disguised as an old Quizno's storefront hidden in the random sprawl that is Orlando. Thank yoU! Incredible ME food for a fab price. Tender, smoky grilled chicken, savory lentil soup, puffy warm pita, saffron rice, tangy salad=all delicious. Steak was a little chewy, and I prefer my baba a bit more chunky and smoky, but a fantastic lunch overall. Loved the tea with a giant sprig of fresh mint poking out, and the cardamom-scented coffee was earthy and soothing on a rainy afternoon. Cheers~
We decided it was time for another lunch adventure thanks to Yelp today. We were headed to this part of town for some errands, and the reviews led us to King O Falafel. My bf was weary, but I assured him that it would be fine, Yelp hasn't let us down yet. It certainly didn't let us down this time! We got a small hummus to start. For only $2.99, it was a pretty big portion with plenty of pita bread (which was nice and warm). It was some of the creamiest hummus I've ever had, very yummy. Our waiter also brought us out another pita when we ran out of bread before hummus, which was really thoughtful and not something that usually happens. I had the gyro, and it was so good. Definitely one of the best gyros I've had in the area, especially for the price - only $5.49. The meat was really tender and flavorful and had that nice crust on the edges, and the jerusalem salad (cucumbers, tomatoes, parsley) was a nice change from gyros smothered in lettuce. The tatziki sauce was really great, too. My boyfriend had the falafel sandwich, though he'd never had falafel before. He really enjoyed it, and the few bites I had were pretty tasty. Not as crunchy as some falafel I've had (though that's not necessarily a bad thing - I've had some painfully crunchy falafel before too). Not as flavorful as the gyro, but he said it was "light, but still filling." I believe it was around $5. We finished our meal with a (admittedly small) piece of baklava. Like, 4 bites small. It was really yummy, and I don't think it needed to be huge, it was just smaller than I guess I'm used to. They're not tricking you with a giant fake slice on display or anything - you can see the trays of it when you order - and it's definitely an acceptable portion for only $1.75. Just thought it was worth mentioning! What I'm really saying here is next time we'll get two slices, haha. Don't expect a fancy atmosphere - it does indeed still pretty much look exactly like Quiznos inside. I don't think that takes away from the food or service at all, though. All together, with drinks, our meal came out to less than $19 with an appetizer and dessert. Pretty awesome for such yummy, quick food, and such friendly service, especially so close to Disney. I've said this in other reviews, but it definitely needs said again here - it's really nice to find small, family run, awesome restaurants like this that are doing well and seem to be appreciated by the community. It makes me happy. :)
So my girlfriend has been telling me we need to goto this place for a while... she's been there a lot... I've been skeptical... I mean with King O Falafel, it just didn't sound appetizing to me.... So I went into this place probably not wanting to like it but I was pleasantly surprised, it was really good.  In a nondescript strip mall in the middle of tourist town, where it seemed like everything around it was out of business, here this place stands in an old Quizno's (Quizno's logo is everywhere in this place) but it works!  They took a space that someone else paid for to build out, added some of their own decor, and took advantage of someone else's misfortune by recycling all the furniture etc.  Great job.   As for the food... I had a Gyro and it was very tasty... Meaty with a nice Jerusalem salad on it...  Of course I had a Falafel and I wasn't expecting much, but it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside... another winner.  My girlfriend had the chicken kabob's and they too were really nicely seasoned and cooked nearly perfectly.  Finished it off with a piece of Baklava that was super yummy too (honey oozing out of the bottom). So the food is great, but here's the best part, it's not expensive at all... I think the most expensive thing on the menu was $10!!!  The staff is all super nice and you can either order at the (Quiznos) counter or they'll come to your table and take your order and bring you the food.  It's also family owned and run, so how can you not support this great little place.  I really hope that they can make it in an area that is full of chains. Don't blink, you might miss this place.
I am always one to get really angry when people come to NY and rate a mexican place one star because "I have had much better in San Diego!"  Well, you aren't in San Diego! I do not care about how good burritos are in San Diego, I am looking for something to eat in NY! With that said, this is not nearly the best middle eastern fare in the USA, I have had a lot better, but certainly one of the best things you will eat in this franchise hell called Kissimmee.  In a thinly disguised former 2008 franchise of the year Quiznos, this place is serving up all sorts of middle eastern fare including hummus, falafel, meat dishes etc.  The most expensive thing on the menu is $9!  We had a massive feast for under $10 a person.  The guy behind the counter was nice too.   I got the combination platter to sample the various meats.  The kofta kebab was pretty much on, and the lamb was OK, but it appears the lamb and chicken are the cutlet variety, it would be much nicer as larger cubes of meat.  The tikka wrap doesn't taste very tikka like, but it is spicy.
While we shamefully trudged from our rental car to the Cici's Pizza on the corner, one of my friends looked up to see a beacon of palatable hope. King o Falafel was just feet away from our original destination and yet it was miles apart in terms of potential excitement and deliciousness. Sure, it's a converted Quiznos, but everything about King o Falafel is better than its predecessor. Food options are plentiful, facility is sparkling clean, and service is spectacular. Shout-out to Rahmi, who was extremely helpful and accommodating. We ordered some standard fare: gyros, falafel, chicken tikka. The gyros and falafel were delicious as expected, the chicken tikka was SPICY! watch out now! There was so much crushed red pepper littered atop the chicken that some of us had to scrape some of it off to enjoy the meat. We came back the next day for some hookah action. Guava and Mint Peach were the flavors of choice. At a very reasonable price, we were able to relax after a long day of vacationing and we were allowed to hang out after hours while the fellas blasted house music and cleaned up shop. There seemed to be a lot of regulars, whole families came in and had a good time while sipping on fountain sodas and conversing. This is what you need to look for in a place -comfort. My friends and I will definitely be back next time we're in town.
Overall: Excellent falafel! Last weekend at the Arab Festival at Lake Eola I was introduced to King O Falafel. With all the Arabic/Mediterranean food being offered, I knew I had to get a falafel and since I have heard such good things about KOF from other Yelpers I was in! The falafel was delicious! Here is a description from their website: Crushed chick peas mixed with parsley, spices, and fried in vegetable oil, topped with Jerusalem salad, hummus, and tahini. They forgot to mention the wonderful pita-like bread it is served in. Yum! The next time I am in Kissimmee I am definitely going to KOF to try other items from the menu, or simply just to get another falafel.
This place gets 5 stars for the food as well as the service! King O Falafel is another of my lunchtime faves...located near my place of work. The location is a former Quizno's (actually the same owners...who are awesome!). Don't let the ex-Quizno's decor scare you...This place rocks! It may be hard to find...it's located on 192 next to Cici's Pizza between the intersections of 535 and Poinciana Blvd. My fave is the gyro sandwich! I gotta say it's one of the best ones I've ever had! Also good is the chicken ticka sandwich or any of the kabobs. They also make some tasty fries...just spicy enough to give it a little kick. Get the baklava for dessert...you won't regret it! They have inside dining (Quizno's-style), and have been building an outdoor deck area. I'm told they are thinking about adding hookah nights...all the rage these days. We normally order takeout and I recommend calling in advance with your order to save time. The prices are a bargain...the sandwiches are all under $6, and the entrees are between $7 and $10. They have a kid's menu as well. As I said earlier, the service is awesome! I've been there enough that they know me by name...but I gotta say I've seen them treat every customer as VIPs! This place deserves major props on all levels. Check it out! Open daily from 11am to 11pm.
True falafel, served in a non-chain setting in the land of Mickey Mouse? Sign me up! We found this place solely through yelp, literally as we were driving by, searching for a place to eat that wasn't mid-priced American with an all-u-can-eat salad bar, the staple of the Kissimmee dining scene. If you're dining in, you can take a seat and the energetic owner will take your order.  We kept it pretty simple with gyros and falafel sandwiches all around, and they were all delicious and very reasonably priced. Skip the Cici's Pizza on the corner, and instead try the King o Falafel.  It  may not be the best you've ever had, but it's certainly the best the area has to offer.  That's enough to earn five stars from me.
This is my new favorite spot for Arabic food. I've eaten at various Arab places (including authentic Arabic restaurants in Michigan and middle east) and this place has so far been my favorite! Me and my boyfriend went there after reading really good reviews on yelp and we were happy with our choic4. The place itself isn't big and holds 5 to 6 tables. The items on the menu include things like fresh made hummus, babaganoush, falafel, gyros, shawarmas and more.  hummus tastes really fresh and comes with a warm bread. The sandwiches are to die for. They're just so good! I wasn't too crazy about their rice pudding but the sandwiches are fantastic.  Highly recommend!
Delicious food!  The chef/owner is welcoming and polite. It's clean and has authentic music in the speakers. Chicken tikka is excellent.
Came to this place while we were in Orlando visiting. We happened to be at a place nearby and found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I was with a group and a few of us got Chicken Tikka, some gyros, and the combo platter.   The restaurant used to be a Quiznos and not much of the layout was changed, it even had the Mmmm...Toasty! above the register but the decor definitely doesn't effect the tastiness of the their food. The food came out fairly quickly and it was delicious. I had the chicken tikka and I got to sample a bit from the combo platter, and I ate every bit of the food. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd go back.
My real review is about a 3.5 but I rounded up based on it being a huge value compared to the surroundings. This restaurant is on one of the main drags near Disney World, which is populated mostly with mediocre chain restaurants and a bunch of meditteranean options.  This was definitely a better place for a meal than the chains - I have yet to try the other meditteranean places.  The staff was friendly though I wouldn't call the service attentive.  The gyro sandwich was stuffed with meat (it was a little bit overcooked to my taste but still good) and very filling.  The hummus was good and the small portion still a good size for four people to share as an appetizer.  The kids enjoyed their chicken kabob sandwiches.  The honey had mixed reviews of the mixed grill but thought it was decent. It's a very casual atmosphere, you can either order at the counter or take menus and they will serve you - but honestly it is faster to order at the counter.  They have a soda fountain as well as traditional meditteranean drink options.  They even have hookah if that is your desire (definitely not mine). We are a bit spoiled, having several very good Lebanese options close to home - this wasn't as good as those - but it was definitely better than average and a good value for the price - our meal came out to about $40 for 4, which, in the Disney area, is not bad.
King of Falafal - great food at great prices.  Well prepared.  Loved it.   This is all handmade middle eastern food, hummus was amazing. Thanks, Yelpers!
This place should be renamed "King of Gyros." The falafels were not the best I've had - a little bland and the sauce served with them was too light, adding very little flavor. The spinach pie was also a little bland and doughy (I was expecting more of a spanakpita), but for $1.79 and a squeeze of lemon, it was good filler. I would have liked a little extra salt on this, but the tables were bare of any/all condiments. The grape leaves were served piping hot (I am used to them being cold), but had more spice and flavor than the spinach pie. The kibbeh (sp?) was interesting - my husbands liked it because it had meat in it and he likes anything with meat. He also had the harrisa(sp?) soup - which had a good warm flavor. As he put it, the food had a lot of "strong spice without being spicy... like big strange flavors but still mild in a strange way..." Then came the gyros! *queue the shining light from heaven and singing angels* Wow. Gyros are some of my favorite foods - even the preformed Kronos tongue looking pressed meat slices... and this was by far the best gyro I have ever had. First of all - IT WAS REAL!!! Chunks of real beef and lamb, cooked on a spit so the outside was just a little crusty and caramelized, dripping with juices... and all chunks - no bologna slices - and the flavor was amazing. It was moist, well seasoned, and GENEROUS portions. Piled high with delicious Jerusalem salad. I would make this place a must-stop for anyone traveling through Orlando and who loves gyros, they really are that good! AND - all this food to stuff 2 hearty appetite adults came to LESS THAN $30!!!
Stumbled upon this place after referring to yelp to help sort through the way too many restaurants that are in this incredibly touristy part of town.  I've had many a bad meal along this street and this place was a pleasant surprise.  So much so that we returned 2 more times.  Heck, when you find a good place, why take a risk? The food was well prepared and very fresh.  Of course this is a family owned place, so some of the things may not be how your favorite Mediterranean place makes them, but that could be better or worse.  Still, this place is worthy of your business whether a local or a tourist.  The feel is casual and the prices good.
Found this gem thanks to yelp while vacationing in orlando with my gf.  This place seemed to be located in an old quiznos in a strip mall.  The service was a tad slow to begin with (I think one of their guys was on break) but we didn't mind.  If they had a spike of customers that could be an issue. Got both the hummus and falafel for appetizer and we enjoyed both.  I got the gyro sandwich (w/ fries and a drink) which was awesome.  The seasoned fries are also worth mentioning as they were really crispy and tasty.  My gf had the kifta kabob plate with the lebanese salad and we were satsified with it all.  They gave us extra tzatziki sauce which we couldn't get enough of.   The price is so cheap, especially after a week of vacationing in Orlando dining at higher-end restaurants.
My first review. Just ordered the gyro combo. It was AMAZING. Usually I order a chicken souvlaki at other places. The owner was extremely friendly and said they have the best gyros. He was not kidding. The food was great. I will definitely be back. He also recommended his chicken but I don't think I could get anything else besides the gyro now.
This is a great place to go in for a quick bite of Mediterranean food. The gyros are great, and they have some pretty great seasoned fries. The tzatziki sauce is great, and the cucumbers are fresh. All in all, a good place, and the staff is courteous and very considerate.
A nice respite from the ripoff of touristy-priced food in Disney area.  I agree with prior review that the falafel wrap could have used a little more 'zing', but it was freshly made and good.  The kifta wrap (marinaded chicken) was also really good. Tabbouleh was good (not  an overly liquidy mess).  Glad that yelp helped us find this place, which is a pretty short drive from the Disney area.
Absolutely delicious.  First time here great food service. I got the gyro entrees. I'm from San Francisco and the food here might even top some Mediterranean restaurants there so if you're hungry stop by. Good size plates filled me up to the Max.
Excellent food and great prices. We had an outstanding gyro, delicious harira soup, and salad. The portions were large and the service was great. This place is small, but if it is busy it is worth the wait.
A little hard to find and the dudes definitely knew I was a tourist, but man were the spinach pies great. Falafel was good too, of course, but those spinach pies! We also had the grape leaf rolls which were good and the hummus was really fresh tasting too. If you can find it, go try it.
The staff are very friendly, however, the food was not so great. The falafel was hard and dry, the gyros were not authentic and small, and the combination platter's rice was terrible.  The restaurant itself looks nice and clean. It's an old quiznos turned into a middle eastern restaurant.  The service was fast and efficient. Due to the great service and friendly staff, it gets 3 starts. The food itself is not good.
My boyfriend and I went there and got the chicken tika and it was delicious! Before we left for the airport the next morning we had to go there again for the chicken tika and spinach pie. Although my boyfriend hates veggies, he loved the spinach pie. Not to mention, this was the first time both of us had Mediterranean food and it won't be the last.
The worst Middle East food ever. I went to this restorant evening time the guy told me the food will be ready in 10m. After one hour he gave me the food which was really bad. The Gairo was ok but Falafel was just salt and salad. The guy fried the Falafel and the fraise in the same oil which made the falafel taste really odd or mixed taste. The kitchen sandwich I just throw it in the garbage can it wasn't fried. I thought I'm ganna eat food, instead the gave almost all the food to the bird in my backyard.
King O Falafel was a great find 15 minutes from our Disney resort, thanks to yelp.  The service was friendly and reasonably quick.  Food was great and prices are cheap given the portion sizes. Hummus with pita was a solid starter.  I had the combo platter, which was more food than I could finish.  The kifta was great, chicken good, and beef just way too chewy.  The side veggies with the platter included carrots and green peppers that were especially good.  Not so much the potatoes.  I also enjoyed the bite of falafel I had.  They even had chicken nuggets for the preschooler. Check this place out if you want a break from the Disney dining options!
Maybe I'm just spoiled when it comes to middle eastern food but honestly I thought this place was just ok. Stopped in for lunch with a friend. I ordered a mixed kabob, no rice extra veggies. Chicken was good but the meat was pretty gristley. Veggies were doused in oil and only consisted of peppers (great) sweet potatoes and fried regular potatoes which I wasn't eating. Friend had the gyro wrap with sweet potato fries and really liked it, I think this might be the better way to go. What annoyed me the most was that the waiter assured me my kabob would be on a stick (ie kabob style) and it wasn't. Thought it was overpriced for what I got, probably won't be back.
Really tasty and flavorful gyros. They put more of a diced salad inside the pita rather than whole tomatoes and lettuce leaves, which ensures you get plenty of each taste in each bite. Lamb was very tender and flavorful, but not as prevalent as I'd like. Tzatziki was ok, but the spicy version was better. Prices were really cheap ($5 for a gyro). Friendly and authentic service. Really cool place overall.
Jaw-dropping amazing!  If you even remotely like middle eastern or Moroccan, you'd be insane NOT to try this place.  Not a bad item on the menu!
We ate here twice recently, once dining in and the second time ordering out. We had falafel, spinach pie, some gyros, chicken tikka, mixed grill and vegetarian plates. Our only complaint about the food is that the meats were a bit overcooked for our liking. The chicken tikka is very spicy (which we liked), but be careful if you do not like spicy food. If you ask for hot sauce they bring you the same good sauce that is on the chicken tikka. It's good, cheap, and the service is excellent.
Hidden in an empty strip mall, but we were able to spot it.  This used to be a Quiznos and the owners kept the layout the same.  The bf ordered the combo plate.  It was ok.  I ordered the gyro which I loved.  I finished that thing like nothing.  I would just come back for the gyro and hit up the other falafel place that's closer to Taco Bell (which was recommended by the hotel staff, but since I was stubborn, I went on yelp and followed the yelpers). They do hookah too!!
A little slow in service....but definitely worth the wait! Really great falafels and chicken tikka kebobs! Definitely one of the better Mediterranean restaurants in Orlando! and cheap too! (thats more important.....haha!)
Excellent service and food made from scratch. As far as Middle Eastern food goes, is should be considered a 1 $ but you can make it 2 $$ easily if you don't watch it.
The wife and I were passing through Orlando en route to Miami so we stopped at a couple well-rated restaurants.  This by far had been the best eating experience we have had in a while. The food was delicious (flavor, taste) in every sense of the word. Highly recommended!
Quick friendly service! Good food at a good price! Had both the gyro and the falafel.
Nice Mediterranean / Middle Eastern place. This makes it an immediate upgrade compared to most of the run of the mill options in this area. That being said, it succeed because it's also just plain good. It doesn't help to be unusual if the food's not good. Good pitas here, and all the other middle eastern standards.
If you don't care about the ambience/seating, but just wanna have some good food, this is the place to go. The food tastes excellent, and prices are great! Tried the falafels, meat combination place, gyros and baklava.  Everything was delicious. Falafels and meat combo were fresh and yummy. Gyros were good but tastes similar to other restaurants. I'd absolutely recommend this place to all Orlando visitors looking for a great tasting  quick takeout at cheap prices.
Had the Falafel sandwich, a Gyro and a Mediterranean Salad. All were fresh and very good. My wife had a Chicken Kabob that she didn't care for because of the spice, I liked it but would never order it again.
All the reviews are true. This place is the real deal! Delicious!
Lovely place. Great service. Great food. Stop by on the way to Tampa. It's all that and a bag of chips. A must try if you like Mediterranean food.
The food was amazing, serving sizes large, prices reasonable and service excellent. Some of the best hummus we have ever had.
My family and I just ate at King O' Falafel, thanks to finding it on Yelp. We were in town visiting Walt Disney World from Los Angeles and decided to check out close by Mediterranean places. We all ordered the vegetarian plate, and they were so kind to substitute parts of the meal out for us. The owner was very kind and accomodating as well. Wish we had King O' back home. Delicious! The falafel was great, and make sure to order it with tahini!
The summary: As good as it gets for Kissimmee! Utterly delicious Mediterranean food. The food: I'm half-Turkish, so when this popped up on Yelp as friends and I were researching the area, it became our #1 target. Deservedly so: delicious kifta kabobs (beef/lamb segments), excellent rice, generous heaps of onions and sumac along with the food. The hummus and eggplant were quite good too. We pigged out and shared for dirt cheap. The atmosphere: This is a former Quiznos. I worked in a Quiznos a few summers ago, and can tell you the original Q logos are still there, the little wire racks that held potato chips are still there, that table where they put banana peppers and jalapenos is still there, and - get this - even the original Quiznos telephone is still there. The service: A guy standing behind the counter who was happy to see us and to talk to us about the food. The bottom line: A cheap delight and about as authentic Lebanese as you can find. Order a couple plates and share!
It's in a non descript mall as others have mentioned. I had the shish kabob lamb sandwich, which was OK. The Gyro i would rate a 3.5 (i've had much better). The plate portions looked like the way to go, but we had a picky eater with us. He ordered a hot dog and they had no mustard. It's still better than going to a chain. The portions are just right.
Very good freshly cooked gyros and chicken kabob wraps. It's not the best atmosphere for dining in but these guys really care about good food and friendly service. They also have carry out. I'll be back!
Good food!! Good prices!!
This is a very good place for vegetarians that love Mediterrenean food.  Ordered a bunch of salads, falafel sandwiches with eggplants along with Baklava to go.  Fantastic food, the folks are very friendly.  If I am visiting Orlando again, I will eat here at least one of the days.
All good! Gyros, Falafel, hummus...very good! I mapped it on iPhone and it showed it on the opposite side of the street. FYI.
We stopped here because we needed WiFi but was pleasantly surprised by their food. We tried their hummus and I had some middle eastern coffee with some kinafa.  It was nice to try something new.  The service there was excellent.  I would like to return and try some more of their extensive offerings.
Great dishes. We ordered a combination of chicken, lamb and beef kabob and both dishes were exceptional. Lovely place with juicy, tasty entrees!
This place may be great for locals, but it's just okay for anyone who's tried plenty of Greek food elsewhere. I love that all the Quiznos branding is still in tact
Aye yai yai! Freaking legit Arabic food! Aaaaaah! This place was amazing great for vegetarians and vegans. I had the falafel sandwich and vegetarian platter and my wife had a lamb sandwich. Yeah this place is amazing. And the fetoush salad was also very very good
Went Into this place with 8 people at 5pm on a Sunday and we were the first ones there. Staff was very welcoming, friendly, and helpful!   The place is in an old Quiznos building and they kept the strawberry lemonade which is great unless it starts to ferment. They have great easy to understand menus with pictures, they come to your table and take your order and deliver it, which wouldn't be expected given the size but would make the experience better for taking a date. Food is excellent, tantalizing flavors. All seasoned perfectly. Right away I ordered one of each falafel, hummus, grape leaves, tabbouleh, medit salad, spinach pie, kibbah, and we all shared them in a shark feeding frenzy. The grape leaves I thought had awesome flavor and the right zing. Then we ordered combo plates and gyros, both excellent, the kabob was seasoned just right and the chicken was juicy and also perfectly seasoned. You had the choice of lentil or Moroccan soup, we got one of each. I think the lentil was awesome, the other one was ok.  You will like this place. I say given the flavor and value, it's worth a 20 minute drive.
I try to keep my reviews strictly to service and food quality. But I just want to point out our meal was extremely loud. multiple families came in and they along with their kids were very loud. their attitude towards the noise as well as the owners not caring led me to believe this a norm. I wouldn't have been as annoyed by it if the service wasn't extremely slow and I wasn't sitting there hungry listening to 20 kids screaming. got the kofta sandwich and it was definitely very good.
The reviews for this place were spot on. The food was delicious and authentic.  These guys really know what they are doing in the kitchen. Just go here and eat you won't be disappointed!
I love this place! The atmosphere is a little lacking, but the food more than makes up for it. My boyfriend and I got a falafel sandwich with fried eggplant, a falafel sandwich with roasted potatoes, spinach pie, rice pudding, a soda and a hot mint tea for less than 20 dollars and all of it was delicious. We both prefered the falafel with the fried eggplant, it makes falafel even tastier. The place is such a nice departure from the overpriced chains associated with the area. There are meat options as well as vegetarian; my boyfriend was interested in their gyros. The staff is very friendly and helpful and there is a little outdoor eating area too.
Great place to eat in the over-commercialized land of Orlando. This was a safe bet, good food, low prices, humble name... I have to admit I didn't end up getting a falafel, but the gyro was delicious. The decor is clearly reminiscent of an old Quiznos with the quotation sign board covered with the latest Mediterranean dishes. The place was clean, service was efficient (order at counter) and the location was ideal for gift shopping.
Two nights in a row, Best Baklava, Friendly Service, Made to order...in the Disney vicinity??? i hate chains...& nothing is available in this mouse-loving area but crappy american chains. horrifying!! This is my second time in this restaurant wasteland in 8 months (for work)...we went to another Mediterranean restaurant & it just wasnt that good...but this time I found the King. The falafel wrap with fried eggplant is amazing, juicy and fresh with great tahini. The veggie combo (falafel, baba ganoush, dolmas, tabouleh) & the gyro were also very good, much better than average. The baklava, would make me a fat, but oh-so happy woman if I lived nearby. They have pistachio or walnut. Unlike many too sweet, mushy renditions of this famed dessert, King o Falafel's baklava are crispy, fresh and delicately sweet. This place is not elegant, not the fastest service, but it is fresh, amazing & im sad they are not located down the street from my house!!
Excellent authentic middle eastern falafel.
Absolutely stellar Middle eastern food. Really, some of the best I've had anywhere. The ambiance isn't much to speak of - the restaurant is in an old Quizno's, but go here for the food! I always have the Vegetarian Plate, because it's soooo good, and I can't bear to get anything else. My husband has had some of the meat entrees, however, and has declared them to be delicious as well. The harira soup and the fetoush salad are two of my faves, as is the mint tea (I know this sounds weird, but try it!) The staff is friendly and helpful. They clearly prepare everything from scratch, and the wait for the food can be very, very long, especially if you go during Ramadan. If you're coming from nearby, it pays to check the online menu and call in your order ahead of time, even for dine-in. This cuts your wait time considerably. Even with that minor inconvenience, the food keeps us coming back. Thanks KoF!
Best chicken tikka and lamb gyros ever. Baba ganoush was pretty outstanding, too. Flavorful without any bitterness or sourness that you sometimes find. Try the baklava too, light and tasty (not soaked in syrup) and some delicious middle eastern coffee!  Absolutely delicious, and a cute place, very clean. Had to come all the way from California to find it... Thank you, we loved it!
On our recent trip to Orlando, we either came here or ordered food to go after going to the theme parks.  We love the Gyro, falafel plate, hummus and pistachio baklava.  The combination plates are ok, a little too oily for my taste.
Great little restaurant!
Once in awhile my husband and I go to this place during his hour lunches at work, because I can always walk in this place and receive great service and great food. They gyros are excellent, best I have ever had! The owner is always friendly, is sincere, and always presents himself with a smile when we walk in.
Upon Yelp's recommendation, we visited King O Falafel.  We were thrilled with our experience.  We began with hummus and falafel.  Although the falafel was just ok--a bit over-done--the hummus was excellent.  The real stars of the show, however, were our gyros.  We both loved the savory spiced meat and the ample chunks of cucumber, tomato, and onion that came dressed in a light and cucumber-tasting tzatziki sauce.  Our wonderful lunch for two, plus drinks, ran us just under $20!
We enjoyed the food very much. The atmosphere was an older conveyed Quizno's, which made me laugh, but the food made up for it. I had the falafel with fried eggplant sandwich, my husband had the combination plater, then we shared a small hummus. All were delicious. The hummus was creamy and the pitas were warm and toasty. My sandwich was so delicious with the right amount of crunch. I throughly enjoyed it. My husband are every bite, so he must have enjoyed it too
This restaurant was fantastic. We tried it because I had a Groupon (as most of my reviews start). The ambiance made it seem like a family owned and run business that is potentially struggling (there were a lot of Quiznos paraphernalia that led us to believe it was once that restaurant). The food was great and the gentlemen who were behind the counter were friendly and informative. We both got Groys that were among the top we've found in town. We'll definitely be going back!!
Great place to eat! Delicious food and friendly staff. My family of five ate for $30 and we were all full. We had the falafel sandwiches and hummus with pita, everything was delicious.
Amazing that they can have food that is this spectacular for such a low price.  The felafel is the best I have ever tasted.  Light and crispy outside and great flavor.  The restaurant is clearly an old Quiznos because a lot of the old props are in place, don't be deceived by the look, the food is first rate Palestinian food.
They are supposedly the king of falafel according to the name.  This is more of a fast food restaurant.  It appeared to originally be a quizno's which was converted into this restaurant.  I would have to say the food served is out of the norm.  The server said it's to make the food taste better but I don't agree.  The beef shish kabob was served as a flat piece of steak.  The beef was not in chunks as one would usually expect.  It wasn't as great as the server made it sound, but it wasn't bad either.
I came across this place while we were on vacation for the weekend and decided to try it based on the Yelp reviews. We were definitely impressed with the food and service of this small restaurant. Don't be confused by the furniture and decor from the Quiznos that obviously used to be here. I had the lamb shish-kabob and Deanne T. had the gyro. She said it was one of the best she has ever had....and that's impressive because she has eaten a lot of gyros! The prices are very reasonable and you do not leave hungry.
This place took over an old Quiznos and so happy that it did. The food is very tasty. Not overly oily. The flavors are not overly Americanized, yet familiar enough to us Americans. I had the chicken Tika which is not (from what I learned) short for Tika masala. Still the rice, vegetables and chicken all had great tastes. Each with their own unique twist. Hope more people visit and keep the place alive.
This place is terrific. You have to give it a try.  Very friendly people.  Excellent falafel and hummus the likes of which i've never had before.  After eating this hummus you will never eat that paste from the grocery store again.  I have no idea how they get it so light and creamy.  As is that wasn't enough it is topped with garlic olive oil and fresh herbs. Could use an upgrade to the pita served with it. I think it's the same kind you can get at publix.
We wound up at this place twice on our recent trip to Orlando.  Everything we tried was yummy.  In no particular order, hummus, babaganoush, falafel, chicken kebab, kofta kebab, jerusalem salad.  Everything is fresh, perfectly seasoned and kebabs are cooked to order.  This place seems to be frequented by locals, which is a great thing.
Best meditteranen food that we found in Kissimmee.  Their baklava is sooo good!! Also try their lentil soup!
Decent, affordable, standard Middle Eastern fare that offers a welcome departure from the high priced convention restaurants and chains that pepper the area. I'm pretty consistent, usually sticking with a vegetarian platter in these sorts of places, and the King did not disappoint. An unexpected added touch was a very good cup of lentil split pea soup that came with the platter. Very clean, with prompt attentive service and freshly prepared food, this will be on my rota whenever I have to be tortured with another meeting at the Gaylord or Marriott World Center.
Excellent food and excellent service.  The falafel tasted like it was grilled, and the grape leaves were hot and tasty.
Had the falafel sandwich with eggplant, and it was outstanding. Hummus was equally awesome. Very friendly staff too!
Good food at good prices, service was spotty but the food was yummy, Muslims crowded the place so it was a good sign. The place used to be a Quiznos and some of the decor and accessories is still there, quite funny. I had the veggie platter and it was plentiful, plus it came with a small yummy salad. I Loved the baklava, specially because it wasn't overly sweet.
Best spur the moment spot to go. On vacation, my boyfriend drove all the way to Kissimmee from Orlando for his gyro spot but the place was shut down. I pull out my handy dandy yelp app and find this place not even 5 minutes away and great reviews. Thank you for the advice because we ate a huge, delicious gyro and the best babaganouj I've ever had with fresh, warm pita's. Great customer service and very clean. We will definitely be back here the next time we're in Florida
Amazing restaurant.
Tried it for 1st time today using the groupon deal. We had the Kifta and combination entrees.  The meats were perfectly cooked.   The rice was delicious.  We haven't had such authentic Middle Eastern food since we visited Toronto.
I joined Yelp today to review this restaurant. It was such a yummy meal and the best  meal we've had so far in Orlando. The grape leaves were the best I've ever had.  All of the food was fresh and delicious. The portions were perfectly sized. Service was pretty quick. All in all, a very good experience
The food is delicious and the price is great! The staff is very friendly. I will continue to go back to King O Falafel :).
The staff was very welcoming and offered some insight to my friends, who normally don't venture into this type of cuisine.  I ended up ordering the lamb kabob platter with rice and a side of tabbouleh.  The lamb had a very strong vinegary flavor from the marinade it was prepared in and it was too chewy.  Everything else though was great so that is why, coupled with the good service, I think it was a good experience overall.
I had to come back and praise this place again. This time while in town I brought my family. My mother whom is very against all things not "Regular" loved the chicken. I got her to eat Baklava....she loved it. I will say this place has the best Baklava I have put in my mouth. Sheer ecstasy. Not to sweet, flaky butter and nutty goodness. My father and brother got gyros....they were playing it safe...me I opted for the chicken tika....to bad the guys took it easy on me...the thought I didn't know what it was....so it was mildly spicy but still good. This spot is now on my list of places to go when I get to Orlando. YUM!
Inexpensive but delicious! We tried several appetizers (hummus, tabbouleh, grape leaves) and they were all very tasty. Lamb and falafel+eggplant sandwiches were large enough for a dinner meal. Very friendly service!
We went out of our way to try this place due to the high Yelp ratings. Folks who gave this place 5 stars must not have tasted good Mediterranean food before. This was a disappointment. Very small servings and meat was dry. We ordered to go and didn't eat much of the food. What a waste of time and money!
This place is definitely worth a visit while you are in Kissimmee. Cheap delicious food. The baklava was the best I have had, not too sweet perfect balance. My review is based on similar thoughts as Michael P. The food is not the best Mediterranean I have had but delicious and I prefer it to the chains.
The best middle-eastern food. Ever item were great and cheap. we went there twice and had plan to visit more if we had time. THE BEST PERIOD
Truly the best Mediterranean, If you like authentic cuisines.
Awesome place, best Egyptian falafel I've ever had
Here again and again it's great. Love the gyros. They have some spicy sauce they can put on per request.
Very good Lebanese food. We were visiting from Boston and wanted some good Middle Eastern food and found King o Falafel. We went there and the food did not disappoint. Excellent pita sandwiches, fresh salads and great soups. Delicious entrees. Pita bread was delicious. Prices were very reasonably. The owners were very pleasant and accommodating. In our short stay in Kissimee we have been there 3 days in a row: lunch and dinners. This place is a great find and highly recommended.
I've been here twice now for lunch and both times left pleased.  The gyros are great and the hummus has great flavor.  Have also tried the falafel which was enjoyable as well.  It's great to find such a food Mediterranean/Greek restaurant in the Disney area.  This place is definitely becoming a regular lunch spot.
I had a taste for something other than the usual fast food options and this place certainly fit the bill!  Awesome and fresh falafel and baklava -- great service, too.  My only complaints would be that the chicken tikka could be spicier and the kunafa was slightly different than how I've had it at home when my dear friend from Egypt makes it.   I will be back to try lots of other different things on the menu as this place is a wonderful treat!
Lucky to have found this place on our trip to Disney.  Stopped in one afternoon and had the falafel plate and a gyro.  My husband had the chicken kabob plate and all three were delicious.  Falafel was the best I've had.  Friendly staff and they were thrilled we found them on yelp.  Definitely try if you like Mediterranean food.
I went here for the first time tonight after reading all the positive Yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed. Yes, it is in a former Quizno's but it is super clean, and so what if they have re-purposed some of the old Quizno's stuff? The food is fantastic but with VERY reasonable prices. Four adults and one kid ate appetizers, entrees, 3 drinks, and even split a piece of amazing, fresh from the oven, pistachio baklava for $45. The best $11 meal I have had in a long time. The service was more than fine, although maybe not attentive as some would like, but that was ok with me, because they seemed to be paying a lot of attention to food preparation. I am already thinking about what I will get when I go next time.
The food was all excellent - so refreshing compared to the string of chain restaurants typical of the area.  We tried the falafel, tabouleh, fatoush salad and chicken sandwiches.  Don't order too much food!  Although the prices are low, there's a lot of food for the money.  The Morroccan tea was delicious - I'd say that's a must have at this restaurant.  The environment was nice but casual.   The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that it took 25 minutes to get anything, including drinks that we ordered.  When you've had a long day and would like something to drink, it's just a pain to be somewhere that doesn't serve quickly.  However, all of the staff were friendly and helpful with interpreting the menu.
This is really the greatest Middle Eastern food I have ever had. Great service and the food is presented well, and tastes even better. The location is not inspiring for a great culinary experience, but when you get in the door and overlook the old decor from the Quiznos - be amazed.
Staying at Disney and can't stomach another fried nugget or greasy frozen burger? 10 mins away is a little slice( or platter) of food heaven. Everything is fresh made on the spot and the service is great. The owner was so nice that when we asked if it would be ok if one of the kids in our party brought in his Cici Pizza from next door to our table, he kindly obliged. The kid ended up eating the our food instead of the pizza it was so good. They do have a kids menu with mediterranean and American (Hotdog, nuggets) but my kids liked the Mediterranean choices, which were simple and flavorful.  Great value for something tasty, fresh.
Visited King-o-falafel for the first time, had the chicken tikka with yogurt. It's awesome. yogurt is yummy!! This was the best mediterranean food i ever had!!
Oh the hummus! Outstanding! Found this little gem on our way to Disney. As the lone vegetarian in the family Mediterranean food is always an awesome compromise and none of us were disappointed. Decor is a little wonky since it was obviously a former Quiznos and the Q logo is visible in lots of places. Purely cosmetic and in no way takes away from the quality of the food which really was great. Staff was nice also. Definitely makes my list of best eats in FL.
While looking for a good, quick, non-chain, non-touristy place to eat, we found this little gem on Yelp.  At first glance, it is just a plain store front in a small, older strip mall and in all other instances I would have kept driving.  But, with all the great reviews on Yelp, I had to stop in.  My whole family was happy we did!  We were so impressed that we ate here 3 times during our 6 day stay!   King O Falafel has fresh, tasty and healthy food from their soups and salads to their pita sandwiches and platters, everything was delicious!  My kids also loved that they made fresh carrot juice right at the counter.  Something new for me, as well as something that I will now enjoy when we get home, is black tea with fresh sage leaves!  I could sip on that all day! Please give this little, casual place a try.  It is not 5 star dining but it is 5 star food at unbeatable pricing.   I can't wait to go back on our next trip.
Very hospitable, falafel slightly overdone, salad terrific.  Intend to return.
My husband and I absolutely love this place. I feel like at some times, we eat there more than I cook! : ) Great Prices.... and super yummy! Very clean and service is also great. You can call in and carry out to if you need to. TRY the Lentil Soup! I love it and had to learn how to make it because it is sooo darn good! Also if you are on a bit of a healthy kick like me.... they have a great Mediterranean salad... you can ask to add chicken to. Great clean and family place. ALSO HALAL!!! cant beat that. if you are looking for Halal food.... go here. Unfortunately all the other Halal restaurants in my opinion lack in service and cleanliness. This one will not disappoint. I would also say it is a decent place for a group of ladies to go for a lunch without feeling uncomfortable! LOVE IT... def. recommend!
Came here after a late check-in at our hotel. Ambience is casual but the staff (especially the owner / manager) were very friendly and helpful. We had the combination grill that came with a lentil soup. Good value for money.
From the outside, this place will look like nothing impressive. It's on 192 in a strip mall. The inside however was very clean and well kept. The tables were clean, the floors looked recently mopped and the employees quickly cleaned up after other patrons left. This was my first experience with Mediterranean cuisine. I tried a portion of Babaghanouj with pita bread, the small order of falafel and chicken tika sandwich. The Babaghanouj was pretty tasty. It is definitely something that was different from what I was used to. I wish I knew what to compare it to but it is a completely different taste that is worth trying. The falafel had a great and full of flavor with a seasoned green color- Crushed chick peas mixed with parsley, spices, and fried in vegetable oil. The chicken tika was great. It is spicy and full of flavor. It has a hint of a creamy flavor to it with the sauce that is on it but with a full rich charbroiled flavor from the chicken tika. Service was great, they are a Pepsi fountain drink establishment unfortunately but they do offer Coke products available by the can. There is also a great selection of other beverages such as water, juices and other sodas. Overall, this place is great and small. Worth checking out if you like Mediterranean cuisine.
Nestled in a strip mall along the ugly tourist trap that is US-192 is a humble Mediterranean restaurant called King O Falafel.  The interior was WELL cleaned (Floor looked swept and mopped, tables wiped down, counters clear etc.)  An older gentleman (who I assumed was the owner) greeted us from behind the counter and took our order. I went for the small order of Babaghanouj w/ pita bread, the small order of falafel and finally the lamb and beef gyro.  The Babaghanouj was delicious and tasty on the slices of pita bread they provided.  The falafel was excellent as well and the chic peas inside were a healthy green color.  The gyro was good, but I felt the seasoning to be just okay.  I WAS given the option to have the gyro prepared spicy but I declined. I think the next time I go back I will take them up on the offer.  Overall the service was great and the food is brought out to your table fresh. I was running out of pita bread and was offered more to finish my Babaghanouj.  There is a soda fountain to drink from as well as bottled beverages (water,juice, redbull etc.) in a refrigerated section near the register.  You pay at the end of your meal. Talk about trust.  In heart of tourist country this place truly is a gem. I will be back for more.
Their falafels were good but the first time I went there they somehow tasted better. Still, I would go back and there hummus is good too.
Really superb food!!  Very pleasant service.  Full dinners are hard to finish- could share and get couple appetizeers.  Great value and unusual and different fare- way better than most of tourist traps around area.  Would absolutely go again.
Incredibly good food and extremely friendly staff.  The falafels taste really fresh and gyros are loaded with meat.  Great for dine in or take out.
This was ok.  I don't really crave it after I went there or anything.  I felt like I got my money's worth.  I might just not be a big fan of the kind of food...
Great food, fresh and cook to order. I ordered chicken tikka and wife ordered combination, both dishes were delicious.  Hummus was very delicious.
This is a restaurant that is located on hwy 192 ( Irlo Bronson) between old town and 535 (Vineland Rd) The strip mall it is in is almost empty. It used to be a Quiznos Subs.  The decor reflects this as you can still see a big letter Q on the wall.  I was all ready for some great food!  You walk up to the counter and they give you a menu and ask you to have a seat.  I was a bit confused because most places either have a counter where you order, get your food, and pay.  The counter guy/waiter made it over when he thought we were ready to order.  I got the gyros sandwich and fries. We asked about drinks and he rattled off what they had.  We asked about a large jar of what looked like tea on the drink counter.  He responded that it wasn't English tea but a middle eastern drink.  We asked what it was called and what was in it.  He replied that he didn't know and we probably wouldn't like it.  Really?  You know my tastes?  The food came and it smelled delicious. The I picked up my gyros and it was soggy.  It was soaked in oil.  The sandwich itself was good, but I've never had a gyros that was "dipped"  Maybe an Italian beef, but a gyros?  I could almost wring it out. Turns out Sab's chicken kabob sandwich was just as soaked.  I will say the prices were good and the portions were decent, but I was kind of disappointed by the quality of the food.  Maybe I am spoiled by all the good Middle Eastern restaurants in my area.  I have read so many good reviews from friends, that we will be back to give them a second chance.  Stay tuned!
I went to this place for the first time recently and was very pleased by my whole experience.  The food was excellent (I ordered a side order of hummus, a falafel sandwich, and coffee and baklava for desert), the service was friendly and quick, and the atmosphere was comfortable.  I will definitely be back again!
I visited Orlando for 3 days and this was by far the most enjoyable place to eat.  Nearby was a large Saudi family who felt the food was terrific.  The quality of this Mediterranean food is superb with authentic tastes and quality ingredients.  His babaganoush is great.  Grilled meats, salads........   The hummous and gyro were excellent.  I wish I had a place this good near where I live.
Good change from the typical family friendly fare in Orlando. Great Shish-ka-bob was very good (beef), chicken kabob was good but of course less juicy,  but still good. Salad that came with was very fresh. Had both baklava, walnut vs pistachio.  The family preferred walnut, very good.
If you crave for gyros then this is THE place. This place is nice and very clean and they simply have the best gyros. Delicate, fresh, and extremely delicious. They have the right balance of meat, hummus, and vegetable. Very very tasty. The best gyros I have ever tried and I have tried several places including in Europe. I can highly recommend this place. Their falafel is great, too. I will definitely come again. Just love this place.
Excellent lunch - great prices for lots of fresh yummy food. My daughters loved both the hummus and baba appetizers. My husband said his gyro was fresh and tasty. I had one of the sides. I assumed it would be small, but it was huge! Thank you fellow Yelpers - we wouldn't have tried it without your reviews.
Food here is absolutely banging, especially for the prices that are charged! GREAT quality food, everything is made fresh, and you won't leave disappointed. The only minor drawback is that it does take a while to prepare the food, but call ahead about 10-15 minutes prior and order the food, that way the wait won't be too bad. But also, make sure to try the desserts! I go here once/sometimes twice a week!
Great food. I had the combination plate. All the meat was very tender and juicy. My girl had the Gamberi and she said it was awesome. Shrimp was cooked very juicy and the sauce was no overpowering. We found this on yelp.
they have got nice falafel sandwhich
highlight of my meals were the Baba ganoush, it's one of the best i've had. other items are OK.
