The left side of the restaurant (location of the bar) is self seating. No reservation needed. Very good food, full service bar, and friendly servers. They make their own beer (microbrewry) and I am very please of their selection.  The menu is vast to appeal to the masses. I have been coming here for years and haven't been disappointed. I have read that the service is slow and the waiters weren't attentive. However, I have not seen it and I have been coming here for the past 10 years. I would suggest it may be an isolated incident. It is a nice place to go after hours when most places are close. I think their kitchen closes late. I want to say 11pm or 12am, but don't quote me on that.
We stopped here on our way out of town. We were seated right away. Once we ordered it took over 45 minutes for the food to show up and some of us had ordered salads... It made for some very cranky and hungry people! Once to food showed up everything we good. Overall not a bad place but they take too long to get their food out of the kitchen.
This is our go to place especially during happy hour! I'm a fan of half price appies! NOTE: it's only Happy Hour prices in the bar. Try the cheese sticks and wings...have a pazookie for dessert!!! (Think fresh baked, deep dish cookie with ice cream on top)! Handcrafted beers and ciders on tap! Friendly staff! Beer, appies, dessert and friendly people...All the makings of a great night!
I should've been yelping for a long time even though I've been yelping for a year and yelp started in 2006 or a little earlier.I actually came to this location in December of 2008 which was 6 years ago.I went with the family on a Friday night place was poppin a lot of people for Happy Hour and for dinner this BJ'S is located on Osceola Pkwy Kissimmee in The Loop the parking is spacious but can be an issue.So anyway we sat down that day and were greeted by our waiter and he was really nice if I wish could remember his name all of our food was great that day
The specials during game days are awesome! $1 off draft beers and cocktails, $2 domestic bottles, $3 house wines, and the best deal of all is their half off appetizers! Btw, the boneless wings and spinach artichoke dip are both delicious! Yum yum :)
I've probably been to this BJs location over 30 times since it opened. I'm actually surprised I haven't reviewed it before. My family and I came here on a Sunday and the wait was the standard 10-15 minutes. We sat due  and waited 10 minutes before someone greeted us. After the waitress greeted us, we were obviously able to order everything since we were sitting there for 10 minutes. The four waters came 5-7 minutes after the waitress greeted us. Our appetizer came 20 minutes after that and entrees came 30 minutes after the appetizer. I'm no expert but I wouldn't think it takes 30 minutes to make a burger, a salad, a pasta dish , and a kids pizza.  The service and preparation time were unbelievable. Zero stars for the wait and service. The stars for this review are strictly for the food taste. Not coming here again.
Wow they have happy hour pricing for all nfl games! Sunday, Monday night and Thursday nights.
Such a chill, laid back experience here, the perfect Sunday hangover cure with a quiet and quick lunch service. Absolutely no complaints. We ordered the ahi tuna app along with the stuffed mushrooms, both of which were awesome and very fresh tasting. The mushrooms were hot and very flavorful with the right amount of cheese and seasonings. My wife and I split a buffalo chicken pizza which had a very smoky BBQ flavor to it. I didn't much care for that, I think I would have proffered more traditional buffalo sauce but my wife loved it. We also ordered one of the draft cream sodas and a triple pazookie.... Which a lot like my wife-- is out of this world.
Solid beer and solid food makes for a great lunch! Burgers were yummy and the tacos were sweet and tangy. I had there Amber ale and my brother had their pale ale, both us were happy with our choices. They have great lunch specials that I would recommend as well. They have a dynamic atmosphere where they are able to meet the needs of the older crowd and the younger crowd as well.
What can I say about this place. It looked really promising. The place looks decked out. The server was really good. I didn't really enjoy the pizza because it looks like it was a frozen costco deep dish pizza and was kind of pricey. My family seemed to have enjoyed their meal. Maybe I will come back and give it another shot and order another dish.
I love BJ's food and atmosphere, but I am feeling it is not for families with young kids. It has nothing to do with the staff, but the other people that come here to eat. They look annoyed, when our kids are too loud, start crying or even look in their direction. Again, we get that in most restaurants. I love BJ's food! It is a chain, but it feels like you are eating at a diner. A great place to eat!
I LOVE this place! We always try something new when we go and never get disappointed. Last time I tried the fried chicken, the best fried chicken in my life.
Great food and wine and excellent service and had a thoroughly enjoyable evening. Interesting set up with all the TV sets. Good value for money.
Been to this location only once but will definitely return. Sat at the bar and the bartenders were very attentive and helpful. I had the Mahi tacos and they were really good. They didn't come with the chips like it said on the menu and the only reason I noticed was because another guest down a few spots ordered the same thing and actually got the chips. Oh well, I didn't need them anyway the tacos were filling enough by themselves. I ordered a margarita that said it was made with fresh juices so I decided to try it being the super picky margarita drinker that I am that hates sour mix. I can honestly say that is the only time I have ever returned anything at a restaurant and felt terrible about it but it was literally like drinking lime syrup, definitely wasn't fresh lime. Oh well, guess I learned that I should stick with beer while at BJ's because that is always good.
I've been to this BJ's twice and both times were terrible experiences. The first time I went with a friend to try something new. We got in and were seated immediately, which actually didn't matter because a waiter didn't show up for 20 minutes, and the other waiters who passed by us didn't bother asking if we needed help. We ended up getting up from our seats and were about to walk out the door until the hostess suggest she bring out the manager and he would help us. He treated us to a free appetizer, the ahi poke, which was pretty good. The rest of the food still took a very long time to come out and wasn't anything amazing. The second (and final) time was last Friday with my husband. He's a fan of breweries and we both wanted somewhere good to eat. I figured I'd give this place another shot but soon realized that was a big mistake. We're first greeted by a very pushy host about the reward card. I had actually filled one out last time but - surprise! - wasn't in the system. And I definitely wasn't filling out another card before my meal. Once again, it was packed and once again the food and service was really slow. I wonder if they're always packed because it takes them so long to bring out food (maybe half those people are from the lunch rush??). And this time the food was terrible. All of our food was lukewarm; we got the two appetizer bites dishes, a pasta dish, and shrimp tacos (everything that should have been coming out hot). The waiter was also slow getting to our table, which I'm not sure why since we only saw him go to our table and the two on either side of us - what else could he be doing? All in all, this place gives the chain restaurant a bad name. Better stick to local breweries for now on.
I can't say that I was ever disappointed during my visit to BJ's Restaurant. So, let me elaborate on that point a little further... The service was pretty great. Our waitress was prompt, and quite funny. She wasn't some bland food servant of any sorts. The other waiters and waitresses who were near us on our way to our table greeted us nicely and were welcoming as well. The food was also quite impressive especially for a really, really busy chain restaurant. I ordered the Chicken Fetuccine Alfredo and, while not as good as Olive Gardens, it was well prepared and quite tasty. The rest of my family was also pleased with their dishes. This isn't the first time we've been to BJ's, and it definitely won't be the last.
Made an Yelp account just to make a review about this place. TERRIBLE SERVICE. I would warn you about the waitress that provided this subpar service, but she didn't even tell us her name. The 2 stars are strictly based on the cheeseburger that I ordered and the delicious dessert. Besides the food, absolutely terrible. Won't be dining here in the near future.
Want that good , the hand toast pizza was less than avenge The deep dish pizza was not good , too much Dough, and row Serves is good , although price is ok
I have been to other bj's and enjoy their food. However I came to this Bj's for lunch and the service was very slow. A lot of us ordered soup & salad and it took almost 20 minutes.  Not sure how long it takes to make a Cesar salad & already made soup .... But I wouldn't come here if you want a quick lunch.  The pizookie however is always on point.
We frequently go to this BJ's because the variety of the menu is incredible that pleases everyone in our family. Sunday night I tried the new Salmon dish.. the spicy one it was really good.Desserts are really yummy too. Besides this the personnel are really professional yet warm, welcoming.. matching the cozy atmosphere. Sunday night I had forgotten my tea infuser that was very precious to me and thanks to our server CJ, the Manager David ... and probably other employees responsible for cleanup saved it until I realized I lost it on Tuesday and when I called I thought it would be gone forever but David told me he had it. THIS RESTAURANT AND THEIR PERSONNEL ROCKS !
I go here at least 2 times a week and never have a problem. The food is out of this world and I always get the salted caramel pizookie because it is the best!! Love the service! Love the food!
Bj's has a great selection of their own beers (Jeremiah Red is my choice) and the food on the menu is brought in good portions and reasonably priced. The Hawaiian Mahi-Mahi is my favorite. Staff seems to turnover, which will sometimes create a small problem with service.
Every time I have been to this restaurant its been happy hour, half priced appetizers.  My friend and I ordered flat bread pizza, potato skins, and wings.  The food was very good.  The bartender warned us the portions were large, we didn't listen and over ordered.  We had leftovers. Great place for happy hour.  Prices are very reasonable.
A great selection of beers and the food was pretty good for chain restaurant! I was expecting a little more atmosphere, but it may be this ones location. Overall, a decent place to have a few beers and enjoy some food. I would highly recommend the avocado spring rolls! A must get here!
This was my first visit to this location, It was extremely clean and seemed to be very well manged had a wonderful dinning experience they went well out there way to accommodate the children's gluten & daily allergies. The wait staff all the way to the kitchen.
The food and the beer was excellent. The  Bartender Andrew's personality was fantastic he knew his beer. I would definitely recommend this restaurant even if you're not a beer drinker.
I really hesitate to give ANY restaurant a 5-star rating and this particular place does have 1 negative (wait time for food), but it just doesn't outweigh what a great experience me and my family have every time we go here! We have tried may different dishes (and I highly recommend the Buffalo Chicken Pizza and the New England Clam Chowder!!!) and have not had a bad meal yet. From the appetizers to the pizzas, all has been delic! It is really nicely decorated and comfortable - very family friendly; it's fairly loud (which may be a negative to some) so noisy kids will blend right in. My husband is a beer aficionado and loves the different selections they have (I can't go into this too much, my knowledge is just at the observation level!) Now, about those negatives; regardless if we go when it's busy or not, there is usually a pretty good wait for the food. What makes it bearable is the friendliness of the staff, the TVs, excellent people watching, and of course the company of my hubby! Give it a try and maybe it will become one of your family favorites too!
I've never had a Pizookie before and I wasn't sure what to expect but it was yummy! The food isn't amazing but it isn't bad. The service was really great and that's probably why I'm giving it three stars. One of the managers went around and checked on all the tables, which I loved but I wasn't 100% crazy about their products.
Great crafted beers and wonderful food! Great lunch menu also! Very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of tv's so you can watch looking in most directions. Will definitely come here again
Since my last review of this location service has improved 100 percent, however we have had the same server twice in a row now, So she may just be the best server there and we are getting lucky but I'm happy to report that we haven't had the terrible service we've had in the past. Bj's has an extensive menu in which they have just added several more dishes. The place surely has something for everyone. We had the new Ahi Poke appetizer. The ahi was good, light in flavor, and would appeal to those who don't want to get stuffed. It's served with chopped up lettuce and wheat tortilla type chips. My only complaint would be there are too many chips for the amount of ahi you get. Another new item on their menu is the Pork Chop Entree which comes with two Porkchops, marinated teriyaki apples,  green beans, mash potatoes, and a small amount of stone ground mustard on the side. Delicious. The apples with the pork really work well together. The mustard is wonderful but can be a bit over powering at times but over all wonderfully done. I'm also a fan of their fish tacos, the avocado and southwest rolls. They have some great sandwiches and for dessert you can't pass up the pizookie.
Yes I did it and I'm not proud of it, I went into BJ's Brewhouse and didn't order a beer, please don't hate me. It is new years day and the last thing I wanted was more alcohol so forgive me. I did however have the Jumbalaya and it was ok by Florida standards but having been to the big easy it was sub par. While spicy enough it wasn't as tasty as it should have been. The sausage and chicken was cut into teeny tiny pieces I prefer at least bite size pieces. The Mrs had the French dip she found the meat to be a little tough but the fries were acceptable. We saw plates and plates of food go by and it all looked good, of course looks can be deceiving. I'm thinking that because the menu is so ginormous it's a struggle to be good at everything. It is a successful restaurant so they must be doing something right. Enjoy!
Excellent selection here! The food isn't amazing, but it's good. I had the California burger here, which was really good, but the Jalapeño burger was dry and flavor-less. I've had pizza here that was tasty as well. I had some type of avocado rolls as an appetizer, but I'd skip them in the future. This is definitely a place to go when you have many tastes amongst your group or an undeceive group, as they have plenty of choices. Their bar is nice and the dessert choices are good- if you have room after your meal. This location is at The Loop, which I've mentioned in other reviews as a place full of kids. Lots of kids may not bother most, but I'm a teacher in the area and don't enjoy running into students everywhere I go. Save your trips to The Loop for week nights and you'll get more enjoyment from this place :)
Well when my family and I tried BJ Brewhouse for the first time we were a little leery. We really didn't know what to expect from a new restaurant from Santa Ana, California. To our surprise the host and the servers were top class and efficient. My family have come to love the friendly service and great food that BJ's has to offer. So the next time you decide on a restaurant keep BJ's on your list of choices. And definitely try BJ's Flatbread appetizer Pizzas (California Club) LoL we order it every time we go to BJ's it is wonderful.
By the name, you would think any GUY would like this place but I have to say to me it was just meh... It is incredibly loud, probably due to hardwood floors and high ceilings. They have an extensive selection of beer so if your into that you will probably enjoy. I am more of a martini drinker and can't drink beer due to the carbonation so I went to try the food. This turned out to be a mistake... The menu is large and the wait staff thinks you should know what you want within the first 3 minutes of sitting down. I ordered spinach and artichoke dip as a starter to keep the waiter busy while I looked over the menu. I ended up getting a BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad and it was sub-par from other restaurants I have had it at. There was some sort of vegi in the salad that was like bamboo and the salad could have done without it, whatever it was. To sum it up, don't go thinking you will be pleasured in the end cause you'll end up let down and wanting something more. I will pass on it in the future for sure...
Was hoping this place was going to be GREAT.. but as for our experience... was terrible.. food took over 30 mins to come out.. maybe 40 mins... that's just sad. and the food wasn't even spectacular or anything. The table next to us also got all their food wrong. Cold. Tastes funny... just bad experience overall here. Maybe next time will have to give it another shot. But definitely going to ask for another server. Cuz ours didn't even apologize for taking forevers to get our food. The decor is nice. The beer is good. That's about it.
Many a date night were spent here when we lived in Orlando. Always consistent fast and friendly service, paired with yummy food, no matter what you order!  We particularly enjoyed the pizzas (seriously, you cannot go wrong) but also enjoyed open-faced sandwiches, the nachos, avocado egg rolls and of course, their famous pizzokie. What is a pizookie, you may ask?  Well, it's a deep dish cookie 'pizza' served in a cast iron little serving platter topped with indulgent complementary ice cream.  Ahhhh, yes, chocolate chip ala mode with vanilla bean...ghiradelli double chocolate with, yup, you guessed it, more chocolate!  Muhahah!  The best way to experience this taste sensation is to order the triple serving, that gives you three minis to choose from, like the oatmeal, peanut butter, chocolate chip and double chocolate!  Best of all, as it is indicated in the menu, a percentage of proceeds generated from the sale of this dessert go to charity, so dig in and pat yourself on the back for helping out others =)
For a chain restaurant, this place was pretty good. I went to BJ's on my final night in Florida with my mother, sister and two aunts. We were seated right away in a spacious booth in the back.   The selection of beers on tap was a very welcome surprise with selections ranging from their own brews to Yuengling. And bottled beers?! This was even more of a surprise both for their selection of imported beers and affordability. The food menu is extensive- pizza, burgers, salads, pasta. Most entrees are priced around $10. We ordered salads and burgers, everyone was satisfied and enjoyed their choices. Even though the portions looked massive each of us completely finished our meals. Our server was great, even took pictures for us at the end of the dinner. Overall, nice way to end my trip!
I was happy to finally try something at BJ's restaurant.  Comfortable atmosphere. The French Dip was ok, but  the fries were tasty.  They do serve a great sweet tea.
My daughter and I were out running errands and I decided to stop at this one for lunch. I usually meet friends at the Conroy location and this was my first time visiting this one. The place was basically dead that afternoon so waitstaff standing around and helping each other out, well almost everyone except for our server. I'm sorry, but even though I haven't posted a poor review this location is going to be my first. The service was just lousy. Granted, it could have been someones first day, but we were the only ones in their section, maybe their rhythm was off a bit. Dunno. We bussed our own dishes and they sat at the edge of the table for 15 minutes or 10 passes by our server - yes I was keeping score. For a $$ price tag for this place you would expect something that would keep you coming back. We won't be going back to this location for a while and will temporarily place it in the same category as Friday's - which they do favor only with more seating and updated amenities in the dining room. I'll update my review if I do.
Tina is a great bar tender.  Awesome food.  Beer prices can be on the high side except for happy hour which is in effect for any NFL game.  Saturday night can be very crowded and loud.  My favorite place near Kissimmee!
The food is delicious! I always order the salad and the parmesan chicken, yummy!!! The service is not always good, depending on the server you get, I heard some people complain about their food the last time we've been there but we always got lucky with our dishes but not always lucky with the service.
Yay! I'm a fan of the Beer!!! I'd give it a 3 for the food as of the last visit though.   Let's talk about the Beer first,.. they have a pretty decent selection ranging from their own brews to many hard to find as well.  Was very impressed last time I was there. As for the food,.. I had a calzone the filling wasn't what you would find in an Italian place nor was the crust??, but then again I was not at an Italian place was I? My friend has the pizza, now that was pretty amazing I had to say myself! Another one had the Jambalaya,... I had some it was decent but nothing to write home about. This place is very popular,... every time I have gone at night there is a wait just be prepared!
One of my favorite things about my annual trip to Florida is going to the chain-you-have-never-heard-of restaurant.  Why stick with popular chains like Chili's and Red Lobster when you can make your way to a BJ's or an Abuelo's?  You can pretend you're in a neat trendy bistro, even when you're stuck in Chainland, Florida. Anyway, BJ's was a really pleasant surprise.  There was a 45 minute wait, and we decided to stick it out.  They served us beers while waiting and gave us some really great deep dish pizza samples.  Very thoughtful.  Maybe it was just that I was hungry, but it was among the best deep dishes I have had. We snuck into a table at the bar once one opened up.  The bar is cool spot with a big wall of TV's - great for watching a game.  Our server was excellent and attentive.  Nice selection of their own beers.  I went with the Brown Lager and the Porter...both were really tasty. Went with the flat bread pizza appetizer - nice choice.  For dinner, the choice was tough.  Their menu was a extensive and a bit overreaching.  I went out on a limb and went with the pot roast.  Even better choice - the pot roast was tender and melts in your mouth. Even though I was stuffed to the gills, I had to try to pizookie.  Now, I don't OMG much, but OMG.  Warm white chocoloate macadamia cookie in a pie tin topped with ample amounts of ice cream.  Right up my alley. Highly recommended.  So...next time you're in Florida, why go with that tired chain restaurant you've been to a million times?  Chain it up in a new way with BJ's!
We really like this place.  The food is good.  The menu is huge!  You could take anybody there and find something to eat- salads to meatloaf to pizza.  We have tried a little bit of everything and have always liked it. The place is a little expensive though.  Especially if you want to try the beers.  I understand that they are micro-brewed, which I love,  but $6 for a draft is a little steep.   Anyway, very good place.  Try the pizookie for dessert.  Huge cookie treat to share.
For me, BJ's is about the pizzas and the beer. Although, their other menu items are also worth trying but these 2 items are definitely their highlights. I love coming here for happy hour mostly to eat. I believe it's 4-7 on weekdays and then maybe 9 til closing. During Happy Hour their appetizers are all 50% off and so are their mini deep dish pizzas. Totally bang for the buck at this point. Their drinks aren't discounted as much as their food during this time but it's still cheaper than the regular prices. I like their Bacon Cheeseburger Mini Deep Dish Pizza. It tastes exactly like a BACON CHEESEBURGER. The toppings include: sausage, bacon, red onions, pickles, and cheese. I believe the marinara sauce on the pizza acts as ketchup.  During Happy Hour it's only $5.00. If you don't want so much carb, you can also go for their flatbreads. Also, discounted during HH. I like their Chicken Club and Chicken Pesto. The Shrimp Lettuce Wrap is really good. A tiny bit spicy but really yummy and low cal. The Ahi Poke. When I first had this, the quality of the Tuna was good. It tasted fresh and the portion size was good for appetizer. It's also around $5.00 during Happy Hour. Comes with fried wonton chips on the side to scoop up the tuna. I don't know what happened, but recently, their fish quality went down. It's completely noticeable and I refuse to order it anymore. The Beers: I'm not an expert in beer but I was determined to try every specialty beer they carried at BJ's. So I just went down the list every time I went back to Bj's. I really like the Blonde Beer. It's not as bitter as the lagers, good flavor still, and refreshing.
My only complaint is not really even a complaint, it was the servers voice and way she ended each sentence like on a high pitch, as though we were a couple of toddlers. Aside from that the service was great, we had someone come by and remove plates as soon as they noticed I was finished (even appeared to be another server). Hand crafted beers were a nice touch and I enojyed the atmosphere very much, what a great find.
Have not been back in a while to this location...service was great the food was ok.. Pork sandwich was a little cold,coke slaw was not good... The bathrooms needed attention the smell am over flowing urine is horrible..outside waiting area was horrible with cigarettes butts am over flowing garbage cans ..2 pm lunch on a Sunday and they looked understaffed with a few open tables and a wait times o 15 to 25 mins...I think I will pass this place if we are in area again .....
Not impressed.  I had the roast beef dip and husband had a bacon cheese burger.  Both were VERY dry and flavorless.  We did enjoy the corn fritter appetizer, this is the only reason I gave them a 2 star.  Also, not a place you want to go if you don't like to wait.  Not sure if the price of microbrew is more than the norm, but they ran 5.75 each and well drinks were 6.75 which I believe is very high.
If your near the Loop in Kissimmee this is a great place to try.  It has a great happy hour from 3-7pm.  All of their appetizers are 1/2 price and great drink specials as well. We sat at the bar on a Monday afternoon and had a very lively bartender wait on us.  Either he loves his job or he is a very good actor.  Very knowledgable about the food and all the drinks.   I tried the fried artichokes which were great.  Becareful of the dipping sauce...yummy but full of garlic. I also tried the shrimp lettuce wraps.  I wasn't sure how these would be but was pleasantly surpised.  All the ingredients were fresh and the shrimp was cooked well.  The sauce is excellent.  I really enjoyed these. My boyfriend had one of the mini deep dish pizzas that are also on the half price app menu.  He had the loaded one and really enjoyed it.  It had a crispy crust with a gooey middle. The chicken potstickers were certainly good but nothing spectacular.  Next time I go I would probably skip those just because I liked the other things better. I don't drink beer so I can't talk about those but they have a large selection and will let you "try before you buy".  I do how ever like Root Beer and the one they have on tap is goooood.
Clients had suggested that we meet there yesterday.  I generally am not interested in chain restaurants, but must say that this was quite pleasant and the food was very good, in particular because it was a chain.   Service was very good as was the food.  One guest had the pumpkin ale and he was quite pleased with it.  We all enjoyed our meals and I was quite pleased.  I expected it to be so-so & it was quite good.  I'd even think of going back with clients.
This will be a quick review....  out of 5 stars greeting: 5 stars   (Hostess where very welcoming) Food: 4 stars     ( food was good) service: 2 stars  ( I think our waitress  was in the weeds, so we didn't get the best service out there, i saw her like 3 times all night) bartender: 0 stars  (obnoxious  and loud for no reason, I was seating at a table next to the bar, and he was yelling all night like he needed some attention)
Try the root beer-- it's excellent! There's a good variety to the menu, and we've always had good service when there-- look and see what their specials are from day to day, as you can get a good deal and eat well for not a lot of money. Their loaded baked potatoes are really good and HUGE. Yes, the microbrew beers are a bit pricey if you're used to drinking crap beer, but they're worth it. If you're not sure you'll like them, there are the samplers available for a smaller price. Personally, I've liked most of the ones I've tried so far, and I'm not a big fan of "standard" domestic beer. If you like darker beers, try the Jeremiah Red or the Tatonka Stout. I also like their Hefeweisen and some of the seasonal beers they've had lately.
Yup, still like it!  I again, had the Root Beer and even got one to go when I was leaving! Tried one of the mini appetizers, bruschetta. I really like the pesto sauce that they serve with the bruschetta. Yum. Again, had a mini pizza- the sweet hawaiian pizza...Ugh, just cause it has pineapple doesn't make it hawaiian.  Anyways, it was still delish! I do enjoy eating here. It makes my tastebuds smile.
Been here a few times and had fun each time, but every time I come I always keep expecting more.  Never had the best or quickest service, but never really been bad enough to complain. Their beers are pretty good, but it's not like they're being brewed in the back and they're not $2-$3/pint better than nationally produced beers. The menu reads like an encyclopedia and maybe there is where BJ's goes slightly wrong.  They go way beyond just bar fare with burgers and flatbreads and pastas and calzones and salads and pizzas and ... well, it just doesn't end.  And while I've never complained about the quality of the food, I've also never ordered the same thing twice, as nothing's blown me away. The Loop location is very nice and well-kept.  The TVs are everywhere, allowing great views of all the sports action of the day. 3-stars for a good place, but nothing really spectacular.
I don't even remember what I had from here, that's how memorable this place was.  In fact, the only reason I came here is because I got out of a movie late and didn't want fast food, didn't want to make dinner while my family was asleep and mostly because I was very hungry and very tired.   Tried their hoppiest beer and it was gross.  I think I only finished about a quarter of it, which is unusual for me because some of my favorite beers are Hop Slayer and Hopslam.  Don't remember the other drink I had some sips of, but it was a mixed one it was also bad.   As far as the food goes, I can't remember what I had except for the appetizer.  They had some sort of avocado egg roll and since I LOVE avocado, I ordered it.  The waitress swore there was no cream cheese (or rather, if there was, you could barely taste it) and sure enough, I spit it out.  I actually didn't want the appetizer, but the waitress convinced me it was one of the best things on their menu and because I wanted some avocado, I believed her.   I remember walking out of there and feeling bad that my mom's cousin just paid for that because none of it was good.  I know I had a sandwich and I know it lacked flavor.  I'm sure people around here aren't used to good food (I'm not even being mean, aside from Abuelo's, there is nothing but chain food!), but this isn't a step up from any of those places.
The Beer here has quite of bit of different kinds you could say. I like the Pear beer of some sort that i had a few months ago. I think i am going to stop out here in a couple of days to find out exactly what kind that was. hehe Very nice inside and out. Very roomy and nice selection on appetizer's and entree's. Happy Hour is after 10 p.m.  Service was okay but could use some work on being more attentive. I will try this place at least one more time to give my final thought. Let's see how that goes. :)
Come here for the yummy food. Nothing gourmet, but all just good hearty food. My family and I come here very frequently. Service is usually spot-on. We've had a waiter or two who were less than perfect, but in general, service is good. Alright so back to the food. Dishes we've tried and loved: Parmesan Crusted Chicken (comes w/ broccoli and delicious white cheddar mashed potatoes)...the deep dish pizzas including the Great White (alfredo, garlic, chicken, mushrooms, tomatoes, Parmesan) and the Sweet pig (ham, pineapple, tomatoes), BJ's Favorite, Buffalo Chicken, and the Tomato and Cheese...the flatbread pizza appetizers (we like all of them except the sausage one is really skimpy on the sausage...the Margherita, the California Club, and the Grilled Chicken Pesto are all good.)...Italian Market Salad...Grilled Steak Salad...BBQ Pulled pork sandwich, Balsamic Glazed Chicken... Dishes that we haven't liked so much: New Orleans Jambalaya, avocado roll appetizers (way too much avocado), BBQ beef sandwich (it was ok, just not great like our other usuals). AND THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL...DESSERT: pizookie. A pizza cookie. They make the cookies in the dip dish tins that they make the pizza in. So you have a large cookie, topped with a big scoop of ice cream.  Yummmmm. We really like the chocolate chip, the Ghirardelli triple chocolate, the peanut butter, the Oreo...I always get the peanut butter with chocolate ice cream (usually comes with vanilla). We tried the red velvet one one time when it first came out, didn't really like it. Oh the white chocolate macadamia nut one is good too. Also the Apple Berry Crumble is really good. Just a good place to come. Oh, also, no one in my family is really a beer lover (parents don't drink), but they also make their own Root Beer and it's really good.
There is one reason to go to BJ's Brewhouse. It's not the deepdish pizza, which is excellent, it's not the jambalaya, which will rock your taste buds, it's not the hamburgers, which will redefine for you what you think of as a hamburger. It's not even the microbrewed beers, for which BJ's is justifiably famous (Try the Red Ale or the Heffeweisen). No, none of those excellent features are the reason to come to BJ's. It's just one word, Pizzookie. It's a cookie (your choice), baked in a pizza tin, served hot and topped with ice cream. Heaven! The location can get busy, so take advantage of the call ahead seating or enjoy the wait in the bar area.
It is very good considering its a chain. My favorite is the Pizookie. Ice cream on a warm cookie. The food is fine. I read some negative reviews.....hello people its a chain not a 5 star restaurant.
LOVE THE HAPPY HOUR!  I come here for late 1/2 lunch and a beer and thank you to the cute manager for the FREE beer :)  The bartenders are always sweet & very cute this is my new local favorite, there are always friendly people at the bar.
The overall atmosphere of this place was very welcoming. We shared a Great Beginnings platter of appetizers, and each ordered a soup and salad combo. Everything was very good, but the pacing was not relaxed. We had barely started on the appetizers, and they brought out all the other food. We felt rushed, the server seemed to hover around our table just waiting for us to finish. I didn't think that was necessary considering it was a Monday before 6 pm and there were only about 4 other tables filled.
Thanks to Yelp I found this BJ's.  I have been another BJ's in the Orlando area but have driven by this multiple times and didn't even realize it was right in front of my nose.  With the vast menu there should be no reason you leave here hungry. I had the appetizer pot stickers that were very good along with a pint of the abbey normal beer.  I had plenty to eat just with those 2 items.  My wife ordered the Parmesan Chicken that had a chardonnay  butter cream sauce that was absolutely delicious. Our server Sonya was one of the best servers we have had in a long time.   She went out of her way to make sure our experience was perfect.  (we had to tip 30% she was so good).  Since I had gotten full I didn't get to try 2 other beers I had wanted to.  Sonya brought me a taste of both beers so I can make an informed decision next time.  We also told her Bj's was a longer drive than what we like to drive to and we were only in the neck of the woods because of a shopping need.  She told us about a new BJ's that is closer to our house that opened a few months ago.  We will be going to BJ's a lot more often.  If only Sonya was there.
I've really come to like this place. The interior is modern and the food menu is diverse. The food quality is consistent also. Service is always great. No complaints.
Gluten free pizza is amazing :-) they have a decent gluten free menu, including a berry burst cider and redbridge beer.
This place is typical to any other BJ's in my opinion but it was still great nonetheless. The service was great, food came in a timely manner and everything. I went during the a typical dinner time setting. I had the Buffalo wings and the Buffalo chicken wontons. Nothing special but definitely gets the job done and filling. The wings were a little dry but well covered in buffalo sauce. I would say if you are looking for a good chain restaurant with various beer choices and a great selections, it's well worth taking a stop by at least once!
Ordered a variety of things here and the order came out late and backwards, cold entrees, then the salad and finally the appetizer  WTF!!!  OOps. Ironically, the managers were very apologetic and accommodating.  They really did try but were having a  bad staff day. I have been out enough to know it happens.  They credited several items on the check so we knew that they were sincere.   The burger was delicious but a little cold.   The chicken marsala was tasty but overcooked with soggy green beans, I like mine a little crispy or crunchy; these probably came from a can.  The dip was tasty but late.  The beer flight was fantastic. All that being said, the food was well prepared and well seasoned.  Everything tasted fresh.  I will return on my next trip to try another burger.
Great Tuna Poki and Avocado rolls were great! Fish tacos were okay. Slow service and staff in not knowledgeable about menu items.
If you want to stop eating and lose weight then this place is excellent. For that you need to order the blue cheese burger.
Although I am not typically a fan of chains, you can't beat BJ's happy hour from 4-7...  They have $1 off their draft beers and half off appetizers.  The food is actually pretty good.  I highly recommend the lettuce wraps.  My favorite beer here is the Porter..yum!
I am one of "those people" that stays away from anything that resembles a chain or that is a chain. But when there is family in town and friends who want to come to places like this i cannot say no. Plus a piece of me is curious about what the big deal is. When in with wifey and @xobejm. Place was packed. Service was okay. I ordered the Jambalaya, but i requested more heat. I needed it to be more spicy. The server looked at me like I was strange. I guess no one had made this request before. He went in the back and came back and said the chef will do it. I said awesome. The jambalaya came out and i took a bite and it was nice and spicy. La Familia had the usual, pizza, flatbread, pasta. The food is pretty good. It is a bit pricey, but the portions are big.
Came with family in vacation. They forgot to put my hamburger on the grill and everyone else's food was cold. The manager offered to remake all the food with no offer for any type of compensation.
Hello Guys, Here is my first actual YELP review, YEAH! Met with my good friend for lunch at the LOOP mall in Kissimee, Fl. Decided on BJ's Rest and Brew House. From the outside the place looks very inviting, walking in, (A revolving glass door met us at the entrance, cool hugh?). We entered the restaurant, met by a greeter, (She was cute) and was brought in to a lightly lit, great looking restaurant. Sat at a booth that was not too tight ( I am a LARGER person, lol.) Our server met us with her trainee just seconds after we where sat, and apologized for making us wait, introduced herself and her trainee, (I decided to leave the names out). Again, our server was very cute, made a few suggestions for us , took our drink order, and gave us a moment to look over the menu and make a few decisions. Price wise the menu prices seem to fit the area and the décor/atmosphere. I decided to start with the suggested Clam Chowder for an Appetizer, and ordered the California Burger for my lunch entrée. Food was delivered in a short time after ordering and we where NOT interrupted more than twice during our meal ( A personal pet peeve). We where not able to leave room for dessert, but I am looking forward to trying the BJ's Pizookie. I am not able to say much about the price as was not privy to our total, (Thank You "S" for another great Lunch.) I am guessing the amount is/was close to $20ish/$30ish($25.00). I would defiantly suggest going here again and even though it is a chain, the food did not taste, look as though it was JUST a chain. Try them out and let me know what you think. Descriptions are from the official websites Menu:   bjsbrewhouse.com/menu.as… CLAM CHOWDER New England-style chowder loaded with clams, potatoes, onions and spices. Large bowl or carved-out sourdough loaf. CALIFORNIA BURGER* Our half-pound patty served on sourdough bread, topped with avocado, roasted green chilies, pepper jack cheese, chipotle mayonnaise ranch dressing. BJ'S FAMOUS PIZOOKIE® You're never too old to enjoy our freshly baked, hot out of the oven, rich and delicious cookie topped with two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream and served in its own deep dish.Your choice of Chocolate Chunk, White Chocolate Macadamia Nut, Peanut Butter or Oatmeal Raisin Walnut.
This was supposed to be a special occasion but it was awful from the start. We were seated and given silverware rolled in cloth napkins. The knives each had some nasty crusty hard dried stuff on them. The server came over to take our drink orders. He left for a while and didn't return for a long time to take our lunch order. He served the few tables around us but was difficult to get his attention. We finally ordered and the food took quite a long time to be delivered. We asked for hot sauce for the chicken tenders but it didn't come with the food so we had to wait for it while the food got cold. Waiter nowhere to be found.  Hot sauce never delivered. No refill on drinks were offered. Blue cheese dressing on salad was sour and tasted awful. We showed the server the dirty silverware and he never returned with clean knives. It was turning into a bad experience for us while others seated near us had come in after us, been served and left. Their server was running all over the place. Ours gave dumb excuses about the kitchen. Not acceptable!  Finally the manager was notified. He comped the meal but he kind of had to. Nothing was right. I wrote to their corporate office but after a week haven't heard anything. Sorry, but not going there again!
Second time I try a BJs Brew house and I have finally learned my lesson.  Having to ask a passing waitress for side plates after the appetizer was delivered should have been a good sign to run screaming. 45 minutes later we get a cold overcooked burger (and the lame "the burgers are so thick it takes longer" excuse was more insulting than anything especially since they weren't even that thick). The delivery of the mayo and ketchup after we had already given up eating was ridiculous.    At least the waiter's admission that he just plain forgot about the garlic bread was refreshing.  Never again for ANY of them - consider yourself warned.
For the price you cant beat this food, its good and fresh and tastes very good, I love the potstckers, and normally have the appetizer with a sald, but my very fav is the veggie burger, the service is good, the only one issue i have is sometimes the people who go there are so out of control and behave badly and the music blares in your ears, so you really have to eat and go.
Beautiful restaurant and AWESOME flat screen TVs.  The beer is GREAT!!!  My family had the pizza and bruscetta appetizers and they were very GOOD.  I had the potato and sandwich entree, my wife had a spaghetti plate and my daughter had the burger.  All were very tasty.  The service was good.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  It is located in The Loop shopping area.  After eating you can guy shopping or to the movies.  Lunch prices are affordable.
We went the other night with a large group (20+). We had 2 servers who split responsibilities for the table and they did awesome. Not one person had an issue with their food or waiting for anything. One of the servers even chatted with us for awhile while we were watching the Miami heat playoff game! Def would recommend this location again to our friends when the visit from Miami again.
Have been here a number of times in larger groups and found the noise level over the top.  Last visit we came at 11:30 and beat some of the rush.  Took a booth at the front and it was very pleasant.  The lunch menu was very moderately priced with an excellent fried chicken for $6 my wife had the potato and soup and it was more than she could finish.  Pleasant atmosphere, very clean, comfortable seating.  Worth a visit.
Best mash potatoes I have ever had!  The Parmesan crusted chicken was also awesome. I normally don't eat chicken when dining out but I will be back for more next time I'm around a BJ's.
I love this place. The food is really good with a lot of options (the menu is close to Cheesecake Factory proportions), the beer selection is amazing- the sampler flights are fun, and there are plenty of good cocktails if you're not feeling beer. Prices are moderately high but reasonable, especially when you consider that the portions are huge. I like the brewpub-style decor and ambiance, booths are comfortable and tables are large enough to accomodate more than a salad plate. It gets noisy but that's just about every casual dining restaurant. I've had really good service and just okay service, but never poor service. Overall, this is a great place in an area where good restaurants are few and far between.
This place is clean, the service is friendly/attentive and the food is okay.  Yes just okay.  I would like to eat here more often but chain restaurants aren't usually my first choice when it comes to grabbing grub.  Despite that fact I can't help but return here because of its location in the Loop and it's superiority over Chilli's and the other few restaurants in the area.  Superiority= Draught beer selection and T.V.s
This place is nice. Great food. The waitress was great. But when the food was served the food runners or servers came to deliver. We had a party of 12. And the foods got mixed-up. I had ordered the corn fritters (delicious). The appetizer sampler was good too. The main course for my husband and I were the ribs and chicken meal. All was dandy until I cut into the chicken. The chicken was not fully cooked. Smoked chicken is not fleshy pink when you cut towards the center of the chicken. The waitress looked and said "she'll get her manager." This probably happens a lot there. The manager came back with it looks like that because its smoked but I'll have them cook it for another 7 minutes. To me if the chicken is fully cooked why would you have to cook it for another 7 minutes. I end-up not eating that but just ate my sides and took the chicken home and didn't eat it. We spent $255 on 6 adults and 6 kids. Gave a $60 tip. Was not looking for hand-outs or freebies. Just felt like it was a typical line that was used to go back to cook the chicken longer so they were not at fault for serving raw chicken. The desserts were great. Tiny cookies serviced with ice cream. Chocolate, red velvet and rasphberry and white chocolate cake like cookies in individual cookie tins. That was good.
Great food and really great craft beers, the menu is enormous and they let you mix match and create your custom order.  There is a ton of their house brews plus domestic and foreign beers to choose from, so you have endless possibilities to try.  Great ambiance and a decent price however being pricier isn't a bad thing I always would rather pay more to enjoy my dining experience without screaming children and non involved parents that are usually attracted to the cheaper establishments.  All in all BJ's brewhouse is worth it give them a try
Good for a chain and with kids. Atmosphere is hi-energy with lots of tvs for sports and a setup over the bar that is any guys home entertainment fantasy. Food is so-so. Recommend sticking to salads & burgers.
We only came here because we had a party of 7 and thought it a safe choice. We were told a wait of 30 min.....but when they finally seated us at a small round table we were too squished, so we ended up sitting at the bar area anyway. 30 min wasted. When we finally ordered, it took over 30 min for our food to come out, and then it did in stages...2 orders at a time. Burgers were overcooked.....potato wedges were ok. All in all I wouldn't go back.
Arrived around dinner time. The service was pretty good, she had our beer out to us rather fast, and friendly. I ordered the jambalaya, which was very good and extremely spicy. I would return to this location. The beer and wine selection is wonderful.
OK its New Years day at 6:30 P.M. but soggy tostito chips, no wiessen beer, not a mushroom in sight on the flat bread, 2.5 hours between arrival; seating; service and leaving. Have been fond of the place up until today...never again for dinner. AND smoking allowed ,and encouraged of the bar patrons, outside the front door in the over flow waitting area.
Large scale menu a'la Cheesecake factory, with some good fresh ideas. Another place been to a handful of times without ever having to send anything back. Small pizzas very good.
Best deep dish pizza that I have had in a longtime ! The dough was buttery and the service was very nice:-)
The food is good, the atmosphere is great but I was sitting at the bar a few months ago with some friends and the bartender and his favorite patrons decided that we were "in there way" and pushed us out of the way.  Not the way physically and verbally, we were not expecting to be treated this way so not going there any more.
Cool atmosphere, good for grabbing some beers and an appetizer. Beer selection is very good. Eh--- Food- not so great, or hot. Burger definitely sat under heat lamp for a good 15 minutes I'd say by the looks of it. Also came on a greasy, toasted thick piece of bread that they advertise as sourdough. Not good. I like a stacked juicy burger, but you wont get that here. Go to Millers Ale house if you're hungry, and I dont usually say that.
This is the third time I've dined here. The food is just okay and since I don't drink the beer is not a draw for me. On Feb 26, we took some out of town guests there and the service was awful. It took at least 30 minutes to get our food and barely saw our waitress during the visit. I would expect this if the restaurant was crowded, but it was actually a slow night. I gave it three stars because we've never had a problem with the service before.
Great place to hang out and eat an ok meal, they do have a good selection of domestic and foreign beers. Its a bit pricey for the quality of the plates they offer. The way I see it would be like an overprice imitation of the Ale house.
I love this place!!!!!  Excellent food and even more excellent drinks.  I can't get enough of the Tatonka Stout.  Be sure to try the BJ's favorite Chicago style pizza.  My family and I go to this location at least once every two weeks.  Don't change anything!!!
