Now in their new and improved location 127 Broadway in the Historic Downtown Kissimmee area. Where the belly dancers come out and play on Saturday nights. Nadia's has been in Kissimmee for 2 years now. Since June 2012. Every local Kissimmean comes to Nadia's for some good old fashion hummus. People say it's the best in town. This was my first time here. I was greeted immediately with a smile and warm hello from Nadia herself. The lunch menu is short and sweet and it all looked yum to the tum. I will have to make it a point to come for dinner as well. Sampler Platter Hummus, Baba Ganoush, Falafel, and Tabouli. Turkish Coffee. Nice and strong. I am bald and grew hair with just one sip. Baklava. This is done Nadia style. Great texture and perfect sweetness. Most of the time I have tasted this dessert it comes out too sweet. This Baklava was just right. Various choices for dessert. Nadia comes out and shows you this tray and you are hooked. I wanted to get one of each. Five Thumbs Up!! Customer service is top notch with Nadia. Everyone gets treated like a VIP. Food was outstanding. Nadia, thank you so much for the kind service and amazing food. I will be back very soon.
The food was ridiculously AMAZING!!!! MY first time eating Mediterranean and I'm so happy I came to the right place!!! I STRONGLY recommended it!!! Super satisfied! Convenient location, friendly staff, perfect admosphere!
Excellent!!! Best Mediterranean in central Florida , even better than Mediterranean blue in Michigan ave Orlando! I'm an avid Mediterranean food fan, Nedia personally takes care of everyone, just as if you where in her house! Trust me you will not regret it.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! The owners are FANTASTIC, and the food is DELICIOUS. The best hummus and taboulleh you will ever have! Don't wait...GO TODAY!
Fantastic food.... Fresh, healthy AND delicious. We had the trio platter and chicken kabobs. The best I have ever had. We also had some rich Turkish coffee.. What a great find in the heart of downtown Kissimmee... We will definitely be back soon. Restaurant is clean and pretty, Nadia is friendly and helpful, great service and great prices.
Nadia's new location is just as tasty as the original- just larger and prettier. The tabbouleh is house made and fantastic. The lamb gyro is to die for. We love the falafel- light and crispy!  And the Greek salad is chock full of feta and flavor. This is a great place to enjoy a meal with the family or grab dinner to-go. When they were moving locations, we called every single day and drove by at least once a day to make sure we didn't miss their re-opening. It was a sad month with no Nadia's!
Excellent food, by far the best ambiance. We were passing by with a friend and decided to walk in for lunch. The owner was really friendly and made us feel very welcome, the interior is simple, but nice, food is very fresh. I had tabouli salad, wichi was absolutely amazing. They also have very tasty appetizers, and the owner was kind enough to have us try some of her hommede hummus. Great prices, great quality, highly recommend that place.
