Get the Italian. Toasted. Trust me. Best in orlando. Worth the trip. Prices are just right. Hope they never change.
Great food.   Thoroughly enjoyed the lasagna and meatballs. A generous portion we could not finish. The antipasto salad was also very good with lots of meat and olives. The garlic bread was nice and crunchy.  Service was great for a deli, definitely would come back.
In Kissimmee on business and saw the great Yelp reviews for this place and thought I'd give them a try. Pulled up in front of the place on a Tuesday night and the place was empty...literally empty, like void of all equipment and supplies....appears that this place pulled up stakes and closed.
Actual italian food here in central Florida! Super nice staff, family owned business. I'm not sure why the other reviewers didn't like their bread, I thought it was great... Although Mama was telling us they used to use a different bread (more crusty italian like) but people didn't like it.... Not sure how long ago they switched. The tiramisu is AMAZING - Mama makes it herself and reasonably priced at $2.50. This place has the best subs in Kissimmee hands down, in my opinion... If you find a better place, let me know !
I decided to try Paul's based on my yelp search...I love sandwiches and being able to support small business always interests me! I was not disappointed!!! I came in just after lunch so it wasn't too busy. I ordered a 1/2 sub, the Italian hero (provolone, salami, capicola, mortadella and ham) plus most of 'the works' (mustard, mayo, let, tom, banana peppers)...the 1/2 came with chips and a drink all for $5.89 (tax included) the whole sub on its own is only $5.95!!! It was delicious! Served up fast, fresh and by friendly people!!! All sandwiches use fresh cut deli meats, and you can taste it!!!! When you're in Kissimmee this place is a must try! You can also get sliced deli meats to go!!!!!
I went to pauls last week during lunch. I asked the guy behind the counter for whatever he felt the best sandwich was. He suggested the Italian, which would not have been my first choice but he should know better than me. it was awesome. Hands down one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Cant wait to get a chance to have lunch in Kissimmee again.
My favorite sandwich place!! Interior: The place is small but cozy. It's a little old-looking but they have a flat screen TV which is usually on the ESPN channel. (3/5) Food: I always get the lunch special which comes with a 1/2 sub, a bag of chips, and a drink (a fountain drink, a can of soda or a bottle of water). The lunch special is only $5.50 plus tax. Now that I live in NYC I realize how cheap that is! For a sandwich I always get chicken on white with lettuce, tomato, cheese, salt and pepper (I'm a simple girl). I accompany that with sour cream and onion Cape Cod chips and a bottle of water. On the other hand, my bf always gets a whole pastrami sandwich on wheat with everything (all the add-ins). What I like about this place is that they put sooooo much meat on the sandwich that afterwards you'll look down on Subway every time you pass by it. (5/5) Atmosphere: This business is family owned. All the people that work there are very nice. If you come here enough (like I did) they'll know you on a first name basis and they'll even remember what you order. It's a great place to get a quick lunch meal. If you go around lunch time you'll probably see a fire truck outside and a lot of firefighters/police enjoying the yummy sandwiches. I also see doctors there since there is a hospital and clinics nearby. (5/5) The place is a little hidden so not a lot of people know about it. This place is definitely underrated and deserves more attention from the locals. I would say it's a hidden gem. I can't wait to go back to Kissimmee so I can have lunch at Paul's Deli.
Boy have I missed this place. Had to move to NY a year ago for school and one would think that it would be easy to find a good sandwich shop with NY's vast selection of places to eat. Wrong. There are only a hand full of places that even come near the quality of Paul's Deli and the sandwiches are 2 to 3 times more expensive. Can't wait for summer break to go back to my beloved sandwiches. Truly the best sub in Kissimmee hands down. Business is family owned and the prices are unbeatable!
Great food and a nice little Italian deli.  I would give it 5 stars if they had better bread.  It is consistently the best sandwich you will find in Kissimmee.  The staff is always very nice and friendly.  It can get busy and there isn't a lot of seating so get there early.  The lumberjack and the Italian are both great sandwiches. There is also a small store in the deli which has great Italian specialty items.  Definitely worth a visit.
I hope you come hungry. The subs are huge. The price is great And the family who own this place know their stuff. I recommend the lumberjack you will not be disappointed!
Awesome subs! Very fresh and sooo good! I was surprised when the sub tasted much better than publix!
probably one of the closest ur going to get to real italian deli from the northeast. these guys are from new york and if ur in south orlando or k-town for lunch its worth a shot.
