I came here after I saw Colombia beat Greece in the 2014 World Cup Tournament. I felt I had to celebrate by having one of Colombia's famous dishes. I heard this restaurant just across the street from Gatorland was pretty good. The atmosphere was still electric with the win. This is a great Colombian restaurant. I ordered empanadas as en appetizer. The empanadas were hot, fat, filled with a delicious mix of rice, meat, and spices. One of the better empanadas I've ever had. After that came the dish... A Bandeja Paisa, a delicious mix of beans, steak, a fried egg over rice, chorizo, chicharron, corn cake, plantains, and a tomato. An amazing plate. You must try it if you never have. The service here was exceptional. If you happen to be around this area and want to stay away from your usual franchise restaurants go here for some real home cooking.
Holy crap!  Right out of the gate the service is sh**!  I am fully fluent in Spanish and had no trouble communicating.  Our server was clueless, careless and didn't care to listen.  I guess it might be a cultural thing but in my culture you are served to your heart's content.  In this case my kid gets hot cocoa when I clearly said "un leche chocolate."  Then she tells me ,"oh we only have a hot chocolate machine.  THIS IS ORLANDO!  Cocoa in this weather.  Then she has to ask if they can serve my son milk.   He gets his, my wife on the other hand order's a margarita.  The server took 4 minutes to come back and see if her wanted a "virgin."   Now stuff happens, tickets get backed up, new servers don't know sh** but so far this place gets no thumbs up or down; just the finger. Hopefully the food is as great as I have heard.
I have to admit I'm probably not the best judge of Latin American cuisine but I was at Gatorland all morning and needed to find a quick yet quality meal. I checked Yelp which led me to Las Palmas. They are currently doing construction around the facade of the restaurant so one may presume they are closed but they are open for business! We ordered two entrees: strip steak served with a cheese enchilada, pico de gallo, safron rice & refried black beans and grilled chicken with sauteed onions and peppers. Both were delicious and the portions are generous but the star was the chicken dish. Per the recommendation of many other yelp members, they said get the guacamole to eat with each bite of chicken and they were SOOO RIGHT. It changes the dish and adds another dimension to the flavors. The average cost per entree is around $15 but the portion size per dish served two girls or 1 guy. Not much to comment on decor but on the day we went there was a huge group of 20 guests that sat at one long table so at least you know they can accommodate large groups!
Very Very Very bad service, i was 10 minutes waiting to some to take care me, never come..... i never come back..... the waitress has a bad attitude.....
I was referred to this place by my brother as although the food was good, it wasn't as good as other smaller Colombian places in the area. The place looks good and service was great but food wise they don't rank up there with Sebastian's and others.
Food was so delicious.  I had the pollo a la plancha. It comes with white rice, beans, salad and fried sweet plantains. My husband had the churrasco. I didn't try it, but he said it was awesome. It came with the same sides as mine except he had green fried plantain. It was a lot of food, so better come hungry. While service was slow and our sever was little unorganized she was very friendly and so were the other staff members that checked on us. My plate was $12 & then churrasco was $20. My respects to the chef. The place recently added a terrace bar where you can dine as well.
Amazing! My mother ordered the breaded chicken and I ordered the skirt steak, it was cooked perfectly.  The flavors were amazing.  The mini chicken empanadas were perfectly crispy, stuffed with chicken and the flavors were impactful. Definitely coming here again.
Has a wide variety of Latin dishes.  I like their steaks, not a fan of their sides so much.  Service is okay, but there is a TV that allows you to watch current sports.
This place was great. The empanadas were very good, inexpensive and delicious. Try the bistec  a caballo. If you are hungry this will satisfy you or you can easily share. The service was amazing. I came with American friends on spring break and although they mostly speak Spanish, they gave us the best Colombian hospitality. Highly recommend if you want a delicious, cultural meal.
1st time here and I'm Colombian so I hold a high standards to my country food. This place was great!!! Food was on point with flavor. I tried the steak and chicken plates...wow very delicious. I will be coming here again more often because the prices compared to other places is by far the best.
Came back a year later to relive the memories - and also desperately hoping it was still there and still as good.  It was!!! Of course, we had a fun morning at Gatorland and came over for a late lunch afterward.  The empanadas were just as wonderful as we remembered.  (Note to self: next time consider stopping here on the menu and just getting these for a meal!)  Had the chicken lunch special - very tender chicken, lightly but nicely spiced.  Rice, beans and plantains filled the rest of the plate.   Had the mango juice to drink too.  Very refreshing after time outdoors and in the sun at Gatorland. Not a fancy place, but good food in a friendly place.
I'm impressed. Food was wonderful; I had the Cazuela, my wife the mini bandeja. They were VERY generous with all the seafood, not what you'd expect for the price. Even the coffee we had afterwards was amazing. Very friendly and efficient service. Seems authentic Colombian, and we were the only people in the place who aren't fluent in Spanish. So glad I found this place (only thanks to Yelp).
We were on our way to our favorite Chinese restaurant, and saw that las Palmas had a $6.99 lunch special.  So we deceided to stop and try something new. We were promptly seated, but then sat for a good 5 minutes until a waitress came over.  She brought us menus, and I asked about the lunch specials. She said, no, they were only good from Mon-Fri.  Really?  There is no sign that says that..not cool.  Well, we decide to stick it out and try it anyway.   I asked for a recomendation and was told Number 8 was the most popular.  It turned out to be a steak and pork combination dish with beans and rice.  We go our food about 15 minutes after ordering.  It looked and tasted really good.  See my pic of "Number 8" All in all it was pretty good.  The steak was very flavorful and tender.  My biggest complaint would have to be the fact that it was pretty expensive for lunch and the service was just OK.
From the outside you won't give much to this place, but is one of my new favorite places. The food and service are GREAT!!!! They have Mango Juice that I love and their beans are delicious!!!! They are located across the street from Gatorland... All the waitresses are super nice and my family loves going there when we want to eat some latin food.
It may not look like it when you first walk in, but this place in a gem! The food is amazing and the price to match! Highly recommend it!
This is the best Latin American food restaurant I have ever eaten at.  It's directly across the street from Gatorland and they serve authentic Colombian and latin foods.  Anything on their menu is awesome!  They even have Apple Soda pop!  On my recent trip to Orlando, I tried a dish I can't pronounce but it was a whole fried plantain (flattened of course, called a Toston) and it was topped with a creamy garlic sauce that had fresh minced garlic and parsley in it.  It was slightly sweet but mostly savory with a heavy creamy garlic flavor with small 3/4" diameter tender shrimp and large 1 1/2" diameter shrimp.  This was served with a side of a house salad that included diced beets, a slice of fresh tomato, and slices of fresh red onion all on top of a bed of iceburg lettuce.  Also it was served with some pink beans and white rice.  The pink beans are to DIE for!  These are the best pink beans I have ever had and taste just like my mother's.  Very homemade.   The waitress told me they are not canned beans but are made fresh daily and they add fresh cilantro in them.  They are not canned beans. I've also had the chicken empanadas which are REALLY good and well priced.  My boyfriend had the Grilled Chicken with rice and beans and tostones which he said were excellent too.  We walked out of the restaurant feeling completely stuffed and satisfied.   I recommend this place highly!  They are worth it and very friendly every time I have been there. I plan on going back on each and every visit to Orlando.
In front of Gatorland, This Colombian restaurant is very good. However, the customer service is lacking. They barely spoke to me and brought out the food in a timely manner. Food was made to order and tried their Typical dishes. Been here in this area for many years. Well known by the locals. Very diverse clientele. Come get some good authentic Colombian food. Just don't expect to be treated like royalty.
This place has one of the best colombian empanadas in the area. They are full of meat and not overpowered with potato and rice like other places. We usually order for pick up, 10 for about $12 bucks. They come with an awesome "ahi" hotsauce. I have sat to eat before and its really good typical Colombian cuisine. Just remember, its a spanish place and don't expect the service you get from American chain restaurants. They go at their own pace. You do get your food fast and fresh but you have to keep calling the waitress for refills on your drinks. Once you get over that and just enjoy the delicious food, you will realize its worth it.
a really nice food. it is actually colombian food as other yelpers have said which makes it my first time. my server didnt speak english too well so she didnt quite understanding our order but that was fine. there is a lot of food served (appetizers, entree, rice, beans) so you may want to share
