Visited this Mexican restaurant for cinco de mayo while I was vacationing in orlando. Really enjoyed the environment, had a live musician. The food was really good and we even had leftovers. The only complaint was the waitress didn't check on us until we were leaving. We didn't get a refill on our drinks, which were really good.
Best beans I've ever had. Everything was pretty good overall. Fiancé said the house margarita was a little blah
I've orders serveral times from them.. Each time I have ordered.. It is something new.. I order want I want.. They give me what they want!!! ... Ordered Mex. A la Mexican dish. It was a raw piece of steak.. Did not look nothing like the dish.. Other time... Wrong order all together ... My orders r for pic up... Just becareful & double check ur order & also ur bill... It could be a great restaurant.. If they do their DUE DILUGENCE!!!!!
You will love this place! Very good service. I will be back.
IF YOU dont speak spanish you might have a hard time here with the female waitress. The food was fresh and served hot. But, I didn't think the spices were that great-I felt it all tasted the same.
Let me start off by saying I'm a Chicago native, which means great Mexican food on almost every block but once I moved to Orlando finding good Mexican food was close to impossible, until I found this place. The food here is sooooo good. The meat is well seasoned and tender and the rice and beans where delicious. I will come to this place over and over again, even though I live almost 40 minutes away.
Formerly known as Garibaldi. El Tapatio has come in and represented the Mexican restaurants well here. Different items on the menu. The place looks bigger and it's much cleaner than before. Under new management now. It's a whole different look and feel. Great food. Come hungry because even the appetizer portions are huge.
Probably the best Mexican I have had since moving to Kissimmee.  The food was fresh and served hot.  It's more of a local establishment since it is further away from the touristy area of 192.  I'll go back for sure.
Awesome food and service! Ask for Joe the server!!!!!
It was ok, yes just ok nothing great it was eatable .will I go back I would say no. First order the volcano price was 15.99 when the bill came it was 16.99 and said the price went up but yet on the menu it was 15.99 asked for corn tort, got flour the sever didn't speak English so she had a hard time understanding what we wanted. To be honest I would just go back to the one down the street.
Great restaurant, with excellent Mexican food and costumer service. The place gives a home-like feeling, simply wonderful.
excellent food, very authentic
My mother and I came up from west palm beach to attend a bead show. When we travel we like to find local establishments for food. Chain eating does not work for us. We loved this food. It was homemade and so fresh. The price was inexpensive. Portions are very generous. Service was gracious, knowledgable, helpful and kind. Try the homemade fresh drinks, like the lemonade. Not from concentrate. So refreshing. Food comes out fast and nice and hot. I am not much of a fan of refried beans but these were the best I have had. Homemade. We loved the beans with the queso.  I loved the ceviche, chile rellenos, tamales and the molcajete tarasco. I grew up in the restaurant business with my family and I have traveled the world.  Anytime I can find a local place with good authentic food, I want to see these establishments survive. So now when I come to Orlando, I will have this restaurant on my list.  Don't hesitate to go eat here if you are in the mood for good Mexican food. Enjoy and come hungry. And yes travel too to go eat here. It will be worth it.
We regularly have gotten into the habit of using yelp and we have not been disappointed yet. We were in town for a soccer tournament and we had a party of 22, yes 22. When i called the friendly staff just said to come over that our table would be waiting for us. Within 20 minutes we showed up and they had our tables ready to go. after being in the heat all morning we ordered the Pitcher of House margarita and plenty of fresh chips and salsa to go around and we were not disappointed. I grew up in California and i can tell you the food is really authentic. Shared the fajita for one person and we still had food leftover on the skillet. the waitresses were all friendly and experienced explaining the menu and food to the rest of the guest which were not used to mexican food. After dinner we were surprised by Oscar the manager with a round of House tequila shots which everyone loved, it was very very smooth. BTW i almost forgot to mention that they have a musician playing the guitar, it was kool! Thank you oscar and your staff for a wonderful experience, we will see you back in september when we go back to Orlando!!!!!!!!!
Where do I begin?  It was a hot Saturday, after a baseball tournament that we decided to fuel up on Mexican food. I saw the reviews and thought I would give it a try. And I was not disappointed!   The service was good and that's saying a lot considering we had been in the heat for 3 hours before and needed hydration!  She kept our glasses full. I had the beef chimichanga with the beans and rice and they were some of the best I've had and I've been to a lot of Mexican food places!  My hubby had the enchilada platter with two cheese and two beef with the verde sauce. It had a nice bite of heat to it. My son had a combo plate of taco, enchilada and burrito with rice and beans and it all disappeared in moments. I, of course have my usual to-go box for a later snack! The chips were fresh and warm and the sauce was definitely home made. We had guacamole and cheese dip too that were equally as awesome. So if you want some good Mexican food, try here!
This is one of Orlando's best kept secrets.  I ate here over a year ago when it was called Garabaldis. The foods has flavor, seasoning, and the taste is incredible. Our waitress Victoria was very helpful, he recommended several dishes to in the cantaloupe melon drink that is a must try. I had the Cancun Salad with shrimp. The shrimp seasoning was enough to add the zest to the Salad. My date had the deep fried Tilapia with rice, salad, mixed vegetables that complimented the fish that had a seasoned sauce similar to bar-B-que-sauce. When I'm in town this place out sells any franchise restaurant on I-drive hands down.
It's been hard finding a good Mexican restaurant in Orlando. This place tops my list of Great Mexican food in Orlando. Freshly made tortilla chips and salsa with every order. For dinner, I ordered a beef chimichanga smothered with Queso cheese with rice and beans with a side of guacamole. The queso tasted homemade. The guacamole was really good too. I'll have to order as an appetizer the next time I'm there.  I got my order to go and was prepared quickly and the server was really friendly. I look forward to going back and trying the nachos.
BEST SALSA I've ever had! The staff is always friendly, and the food is always super tasty. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Went here for lunch on Sunday with my parents because it is their favorite restaurant and I can see why!  This is a cute little Mexican restaurant with great service and delicious food.  There was a mariachi band playing and going table to table asking for song requests.   I ordered the three taco meal (Tapatio Tacos) with lengua, carnitas and al pastor.  My favorite was the lengua.  The carnitas was excellent and I didn't really care for the al pastor.  The tacos come topped with onion and cilantro on soft corn tortillas.  My meal also came with a generous serving of refried beans and yellow rice which I really enjoyed.   My husband ordered the torta with carnitas and of course he shared some with me!  That is the best torta I have ever had.  Really good!  Had lots of avocado, meat and the bread was soft and delicious.   My parents ordered their usual chicken dishes.  My dad the quesadilla and my mom the Tapatio chicken.   I didn't try any of their dishes but they both looked good and they enjoyed their meals.  Overall, this is a great place.
Very good authentic Mexican restaurant.   My taco, burrito, and enchilada were good.  The rice and refried beans were equally tasty.  The salsa and chips were a little disappointing as the salsa was too sweet and the chips were a little stale.
Had appetizer for lunch order guacamole and that's just what I got a large scoop of guacamole no lettuce or anything else so then I tryed the tostada it was very good a little pricey for lunch but still under $10.
Just finished dinner just now and was very impressed with the food quality and service. Our server (didn't get her name and not wearing a name tag) was attentive and took time to explain and address our inquiries including a sample taste test for somebody with spice allergy. My mojarra (tilapia) came in fresh and sizzling and I asked for hot sauce and was given a choice and opted for the house made fiery salsa over a bottled tapatio. My wife's carne asada tacos were okay, but not juicy / sizzling excellent.  The rest of the family enjoyed their food from the light, warm, and crispy chips n salsa, to the flan, cake, and fried ice cream. Only reason why not 5 stars was because the horchata lacked the grainy cinnamon and the carne asada tacos missed the sizzle like I'm used to at home in the mission (San Francisco, Los Angeles, y San Diego) Otherwise, it's all "muy bueno!"  We have five more days in town and might visit once more before going home.
The food was very average. The salsa was very bland and lacked flavor. The margaritas were HORRIBLE! No tequila and the frozen drinks were melted. Will not be back.
We were very pleased with this place, starting with the hostess. She was telling us of all the good dishes, as we were originally going to do takeout. She convinced us to stay for dinner instead. Our waiter was great. Very helpful in helping me understand the dishes from the menu. I had the veggie quesadilla and it was fantastic. Hubby had 3 chicken tacos and really enjoyed it. We may even go back on Friday for dinner and to see the "Live" Marachi band.
Super fresh! Ordered a salad with grilled chicken and avocado. Absolutely delicious, clean and healthy.  Steak fajitas were also the bomb. The servers are super friendly. Will be back.
Came here to check it out. It was a Friday night around 7pm. It was kind of dead maybe 3 more tables aside from us. The mariachi band had just gotten there played very good music.. They also came to our table and asked if we wanted them to sing any songs for us. They played 2 songs with a little dance and everything. I loved them! Got a sangria good but not the best. Ordered an arrachera good but they could of hold a little on the salt..maybe more than a little. The chilaquiles where tasty. Green chilaquiles de asada. Kids menu the taco wasn't really Mexican (at least not authentic) it was served on a FLOUR tortilla not corn..wth???? Oh and with lettuce and tomato..uhmm no that's a NO No. Fried ice cream was good but tried better..I will come back just to see the mariachis. There frescas selection wasn't big just 2 flavors.
If you like el tenempa, then you'll love tapatio!
My family ate lunch here today and I would recommend highly! The food was fantastic. The lunch portions are huge (even the kids meals) our waitress (Yolanda) was knowledgeable and friendly and went out of her way to see that we had a good experience.  The chimichangas were huge and delicious. The fajitas were amazing. I'm so glad we went.
