Every time I am back in the sunshine state I have to, I mean absolutely have to, go to El Saman. Whether it is this location or the lunch truck on OBT (north of Central Florida Pkwy) the taste is worth every penny and then some. My favorite is the shredded chicken w/ que so blanco and you can't forget the salsa alemana (which is like a mayo-cilantro type condiment). It's a mom & pop type atmosphere that focuses it's efforts in the flavor. I just love it!
To erase my unfortunate visit at Arepas and more cafe, I decided to take a trip to Saman's. Once I saw the angelic, fluffy cloud filled yumminess-- delicate black beans and little shreds of queso peeking out of the pocket, I knew it would be a very serious arepa. . . and it was. . . Truly serious arepas. Now, I will say that overall I prefer Arepas el cacao, however this is really close. It's a very simple dining space, and I love the pictures on the wall showing the different types of food; This is really essential to my Latin education. English and Spanish both are spoken here. Love redemption. . .
Arepas here are O.K. Did not WOW me Small selection Arepas were average looking, They stuff a decent amount of meat. Order something different, Shrimp with Potato salad (scratches head). Warm arepa, and cold meat.  Just Ok.
Try the CACHAPAS CON QUESO. A simple but nice latin place.
Came here today for Lunch with 2 colleagues - This was suggested by one of my Dominican colleagues that was craving "Arepas" after I had mentioned it in a random conversation about food @ work. This is located just about 10 mins from the worksite. It is by the ALDI's / Ross / DD's Discount shopping plaza. Came in and the place was empty. As soon as we were ordering another customer had ordered also an Arepa. My colleague stated that this place is also "based" from the "Food Truck" that they have on certain days - Same owners / Same type of food etc. They are Venezuelan Based and they specialized in Arepas & Empanadas! The menu is simple based from various selections of Breakfast items, Emapanadas, to Arepas and some Dinner selections. Only downfall to this eatery is when I had asked for a cup of Ice - They did not carry "Ice"!? Are you kidding me? I ordered the 4 "choices" type Arepa -- Pick any type of meat and cheeses selection - I chose Shredded Chicken, Shredded Meat, White & Yellow Cheese Arepa. The wait time was about 10 - 15 mins and it was placed on an Styrofoam plate with the Arepa wrapped in Parchment Paper. The Arepa was medium sized and STUFFED! It was stuffed with the meats and cheeses and smelled so good. My colleagues grabbed 3 types of Sauces to us while eating the Arepa - 2 tasted like sour cream / mayonnaise and the slightly green sauce tasted minty / avocado ish  .. All so good sauces once placed on the top of every bite of the Arepa! The size was almost the size of a full hand and it was an open sliced arepa and not  "sealed closed stuffed" like I was used to when I first tried an Arepa on "Bumby Ave"  in Orlando. The dough had slightly crispy edges and also soft -The cheeses tasted somewhat salty for my palate though but with the helped was eating it with the sauces! An Arepa costs $5 here and with tax it came down to $5.33 - I didnt not fully finished my Arepa because I was stuffed! Save it later as a evening snack as soon as I got home from work! I will def come back and try out the Semoran Location and also at this location once us colleagues get that "Arepa" craving. SIDENOTE: I noticed after the cashier swiped my debit card  -- he did not took the initiative to give my debit card right away until I noticed after he gave me my receipt that he still had it on his hand -- So I will be making a "look out" on my bank transactions online --  while I was looking for my debit card inside my wallet that he didnt take a "cell phone" pic while I was searching for it.
What a great find. Fantastic arepas and empanadas. There's more on the menu but those two categories are what this place is all about. And the prices are really good. Primary language is Spanish but they can take your order in English too.
This place is so delicious, my roommate and I made a random stop here after shopping and ordered their chicken arepas, one each and it was more than enough! They are HUGE and they offer you this white garlic sauce on the side and can I just say how amazingly delicious this is! The staff is very friendly, the food is really cheap and you'll be satisfied with the amount of food you get for your money super tasty. It's nothing fancy, a little hole in a wall but it was worth it for those Arepas.
This place is saved on my GPS...now does that tell you anything? While honeymooning we had to stop. It was like coming home. Absolutely delicious!
My abuelita and I found this place by chance one day when we were shopping at the Ross next door.  I got an arepa with cheese and it was delicious.  The prices are reasonable and the people that work there are super nice.
I love this place!  I get the arepa with everything...it has a little bit of beef, cheese, some chicken, some shrimp and some kind of potato salad in it. Sounds crazy but each bite is different and amazing! For $5 you can get an arepa that is absolutely stuffed with goodness. It's a hole in the wall but it's clean and well worth the trip. Get the white sauce..it's the best!
best arepas rellenas i have ever had!!
