A delightful surprise located in downtown Kissimmee. Deciding to support more local restaurants and businesses, we stopped in for dinner. The restaurant was very modern for being in the historic area. Outdoor dining, tvs, very nice long bar area,  and friendly staff. The first surprise was that they had a small sushi menue. Who knew? We both ordered the cheese steak with homemade potato chips. Very yummy! They had a little of everything from steak, chicken  and seafood. Definately keeping it on the return list.
3 Sisters Speakeasy It was ok Visited the 3 Sisters Speakeasy on Sunday, May 4th, 2014 after a full day of site seeing. The small atmosphere at 3 sisters is perfect for an intimate date night or winding down after a rough week. W got there about 20 minutes prior to closing time (which we didn't know). We seated ourselves and were greeted by two difference waitresses who asked for our drink order. The one waitress who ended up taking care of us was nice enough, she gave us her suggestions which was fine by us. We ordered the French Onion Soup and the Chicken Quesadillas. The soup was good and tasty. The quesadilla ... Wawa serves a better quesadilla. It was bland and needed something else! We spent around $30 for the both of us, which was a bit pricey considering what we ordered. Would we go back? I think so, just to give them a fair chance!
The best food in the area. Service is excellent and we love seeing Felix make his rounds making sure everyone is having a good time. Our favorite restaurant in Kissimmee and the sushi is excellent too!
Without a doubt the worst sushi experience I have ever had.  The waiter who was helping us was nice enough, though not very knowledgeable of the menu.  the prices seemed a bit high at first glance, and after experiencing the quality of the ingredients I would say the prices are an all out rip-off. My friend and I ordered the "Chef's Special" off of the Sushi menu.  Like any other sushi combo I was expecting to get my miso soup, followed by my seaweed salad, and then be given the sushi platter.  Well, here it all comes out at one time, which wouldn't have been a problem if it even resembled an acceptable product. When the server gave us our utensils we both noticed that there were pieces of old food still on our soup spoons, enough that we would, undoubtedly, be able to taste what the last person had to eat.  We were given new spoons. The miso soup was pungent in such a way that makes you put the spoon down immediately.  They most definitely need to choose a lighter miso paste for this soup.  Also, I am told that a sushi chef takes pride in their knife cuts, we'll this particular chef must have missed that day of training.  I knew what I was in store for as soon as I saw the mismatched uneven scallions which were haphazardly thrown atop my soup.  Obviously, I'm not going to make a big deal of a knife cut on an herb in a first course soup, but I mention it because it is indicative of the problems I faced throughout the meal.  When I eat out I make sure to notice the little things like this because it gives you invaluable insight into the way the chef works. The seaweed salad was the best thing I had all night, and that's not saying much at all.  It was good, not great.  Honestly, I don't think I can write any more about it. Then the Chefs Special... Where to start... It comes with 3 sashimi pieces, 5 sushi nigiri, and a tuna cucumber roll.  The three sashimi pieces were rolled together in a ball and placed on the side of the plate.  It in itself is offensive to anyone who enjoys sushi.  Why would you press these three different pieces of fish together!?  The tuna was average, the salmon was abysmal!  Everyone who has even worked with fish knows that you would never serve it with the bloodline showing, and that's when you cook it.  This "chef" gave my friend and I pieces of raw salmon with a large section of bloodline.  Even worse my piece had cartilage which I had to spit out.  The last thing anyone wants to experience when eating sashimi is a crunch!   Now onto the tuna roll.  It was disgusting, the "chef" must be under the impression that the harder you press the rice, the better.  In reality I just received a very dense roll that was utterly flavorless.  The tuna inside the roll was turning brown and was clearly the tuna that went unsold the night before. The sushi nigiri was no better than the rest.  All of the fish cuts were uneven, the salmon was plagued with the same problem as the sashimi (huge bloodline, and CARTILAGE).  But even worse was the rice these fish were resting on.  The were way oversized and compressed by what must have been a hydraulic press.  These huge masses protruded out from all sides of the fish and were barely able to fit inside my mouth (I'm not a small person by the way).  And lastly, the rice itself was seasoned poorly.  It seemed like they only used rice wine vinegar, which was the only thing I could taste in it. Keep in mind readers, the only thing I had from this restaurant was off of the sushi menu.  The third person in my party ordered off of the regular menu and had no complaints.  French onion soup, and a turkey burger with house made potato chips.  He said the chips were far better than average, his burger was very good, and his soup was enjoyable.  His meal looked leaps and bounds better then mine.  I guess the owners have to ask themselves, is a speakeasy the appropriate place for a terrible sushi menu?  In general I love the idea of fusion, but it must be built on a strong foundation... And clearly this foundation is crumbling.  Get someone who knows what their doing and perhaps I'll give it a second chance.
I really hate to do this but I just can't give it any more stars for this last visit. We sat up at the bar and the dark haired bartender was very nice. She greeted us right away, got us our drinks and menus. The place really could be a neighborhood bar. It is clean, and I enjoyed the history of the place. It also has its own charm. My husband ordered the burger and fries and I had the chicken quesadilla. Perhaps there was a miscommunication with the fact that the quesadilla was to be ordered as a meal and not as an appetizer because my quesadilla sat for while and when our food came out my husbands burger was nice and hot but my quesadilla was lukewarm. The cheese on the quesadilla had already started to gloop back together as cheese does when it is heated up to melting and cools back down. I didn't bother asking for another one as we were running errands and didn't want to wait too long. My husband enjoyed his burger but would have ordered different side if he were to know that the fries were the krinkle cut frozen type fries. Also a note about service. Our bartender was excellent but there was another server there who didn't seem to do much. When the bartender asked her to do something she rolled her eyes. I was so glad we were sitting up at the bar and not at one of the tables. Food is typical. It was lunch and we did not see the sushi offerings on the menu. Did they get rid of that or only offer that for dinner perhaps? I'd be willing to give this place one more shot just in case this was a fluke. But only if I happen to be in the area.
My father and I went to Three Sisters for dinner the other night. We decided on ordering sushi which neither of us have ever ordered before from Three sisters. We were both pleasantly surprised at how good it was. All of the rolls were fresh and taste great!! I would definitely recommend ordering Sushi from here. We also split a chocolate molten lava cake that was to die for. We will both be back!
The restaurant selection in Kissimmee is pretty lacking and generally filled with chain restaurants, so that's probably why 3 Sisters stands out in comparison. We stopped by on a Friday night. Seating is slightly limited, so it took a while to be seated. Once we settled in, the server was friendly, but obviously very busy. I had a burger, which was certainly adequate, and the drinks were reasonably priced. 3 Sisters Speakeasy is certainly worth a look if you're headed to downtown Kissimmeee.
This is a new restaurant and bar in the new City Centre complex in old downtown Kissimmee.  It is right on the corner of Broadway and Dakin.  Parking is free on the street or free in the garage behind the building. Nice place.  Comfortable.  Decorations are very well done.  Heavy use of wood throughout - pub style.  There is seating outside also along Dakin.  Good selections of beers and full liquor bar.  Food was good.  Pretty eclectic, but well done and interesting.  We did a full slate of appetizers - Ahi Tuna, Quesadillas, cuban sliders, filet sliders, bruschetta.  All good. Had a nice crowd on a Saturday night.  When we got up, someone grabbed the table.  They have live music also. Good overall stuff on that block.  The neighbors are a new cigar bar, a new wine bar, and a new restaurant helmed by the chef from the Black Marlin at Winter Park Village. Pleasantly surprising in old Kissimmee.
3 Sisters Speakeasy, an upscale sports bar located in the heart of historic downtown Kissimmee, serves as an anchor for the venues at the town's City Centre.  It shares its space and menu with the adjacent Sushi by Chef Ha; next door to Chef Ha's is Vintage Vino, a wine bar; and at the end of the building is Chef John's Dockside Inn.  3 Sisters Speakeasy also has a sister property (no pun intended) just across the road called the Wicked Stepsister. As for the bar itself, my wife and I came in on a Friday evening, and we were very delighted by what we found.  A lot of downtown Kissimmee is rundown, so we were concerned that we'd be walking into a bad situation.  But instead we found a very classy-casual atmosphere, well detailed furniture and decor, and the "speakeasy" even comes complete with its own back-story (see their website 3sistersspeakeasy.com).  Service was fast and friendly, drinks were cold, and they have a good size menu.   We are also sushi fans, so for us it is a big plus that 3 Sisters Speakeasy shares its space and menu with Sushi by Chef Ha.  We ordered the 3 Sisters roll and loved it. For downtown Kissimmee nightlife, this is as good as it gets.  We will definitely be back.
A great place to go for happy hour. I happened to stop by here on a tuesday night for dinner and happy hour. The salad I ordered was huge and delicious. I was informed that it was trivia night, so my girlfriend and I stuck around a little while to check it out. It was so much fun! There seemed to be a bunch of regulars at trivia, and some of the teams had way too many people, but we had a blast anyway. We came again a week later to do the trivia again and got burgers. I ordered mine with sweet potato fries. Excellent. This time I discovered they have a good selection of draft beer. I plan on coming here on a regular basis. The service is great, and the story behind the establishment makes the place a piece of history.
We found 3 Sisters because we decided to venture down Main St and see what 'downtown' Kissimmee was all about.   We sat outside and were pleased that it was Happy Hour (M-F 4-7pm)  That was probably the highlight of our visit unfortunately.  The menu is not what we expected for a 'bar'-- especially considering the area.  I see that they are trying to be a little 'upscale', but I was expecting reubens, french dips, etc.  Not $5 cups of soup and $13 sandwiches.   I got the quesidillas (without chicken) because I am vegetarian, and that was about the best option for me.  Nothing special.  My boyfriend got a steak and cheese sandwich with the chips, and he said it was goo but not great.  It was just a little disappointing because it's not what we expected.  But service was good. We would go back for drinks and Trivia Night (Tuesday nights) but that's it.
Really like this place. The service is good and they are attentive to your needs. Mi think my favorite part about this place is that they have Strongbow available there. Pretty awesome.
Menu changed recently and it is much better.  Not only that but they are very supportive of other local businesses and work with others on charity events.  We need more good places like this downtown.
Fast forward Circa 2012, the marvelous minds who are so deftly reviving this area has definitely taken this element of history and are melting it into a hip, trendy, modern restaurant. There is sidewalk seating which faces a giant wall painting across Dakin Ave. It is a life size replica of probably what this area would have looked like in the 1920s. Startling at first when sitting down, a closer look reveals that it is a painting. The restaurant interior has elements of old and newer details. Amazingly enough, there is a sushi bar. It appears as two different restaurants, but they share common space. Oddly, the restrooms are out the back door into an alley, no a hallway, that is shared by all of the establishments on that block. I bet there is a whole different party going on in this hallway at night. If you get my drift.  This is mostly a bar type atmosphere which serves food. This restaurant has paved the way and is vital in the revitalization of Downtown Kissimmee. It is refreshing to see a restaurant taking the old and the new, and its neighborhood into consideration when developing a concept. This is a nice joint to visit. Do take in the neighborhood while you are there. Enjoy.
This was my first time visiting 3 Sisters, if you're looking for a quite place to eat this is not the place for you. It's loud and packed... Especially at night. But as long as that's not what you're wanting this place is great. I was very impressed with the staff here. The manager went out of his way in two separate occasions while we are there to help our visit be smooth and enjoyable. AND the bourbon burger was very good! I will definitely be back.
Generally we have a good time here. It's small, the motif is hard to describe (ask a waitress for the story of the place) and it has a Sushi bar in the back that my wife swears is good, borderline great. However, I felt I had to write a review after several times here because of the ribeye I had tonight. I would not consider this a "steak house" by any means - but this steak may have been the best ribeye I've ever had! Trust me, I've been blessed with the opportunity to eat in some of the best places in Florida (and all over the US and the Caribbean for that matter), but boy... I didn't expect this awesome steak here! The sides were weak (small baked potatoes and the always unimpressive asparagus), but the main course was a definitive 5 star... A juicy, tender, garlic oil soaked, steak. While you are here, drink something different if you like beer... Ask for a Presidente.
Food was delicious. This place mixes it up with two separate menus. You can order from their regular goodies or from the sushi menu. Sushi as an appetizer is a great choice. We had the Three Sisters roll and ended up ordering two more! The restaurant is located in the new downtown Kissimmee with wonderful outdoor seating and nice ambiance. They usually have live music too. Very nice place for an exciting dinner.
3 Sisters has a pretty good after work crowd, but I'm assuming that's b/c it's one of the nicer establishments in downtown Kissimmee.   The drink specials were decent, Happy Hour from 4-7pm M-F.  I had a 22oz beer for the price of a 16oz beer. They also have a full bar. The food was less than mediocre.  I had the chicken satay skewers which were quite bland. Another person in my party ordered the Buffalo Wings, he tried one and returned the rest.  Other members of my party had the Cheese Steak sandwich w/ sweet potato fries and enjoyed it, as well as the Calamari. The atmosphere was nice.  They also have a few tables outside. Service was good, no complaints.
We went downtown to see the Halloween Festival for the kids and it rained hard. So we hid out at this restaurant. They have a full bar and American food, but we opted for their Sushi bar instead. Something new that we haven't yet tried since we moved to Kissimmee. This turned out not to be a good move, but we don't know unless we tried, right?  The temperature of the sake is right (we asked for hot sake), but the poor waitress had such a hard time serving it; it was too hot for her to serve it... we wondered why she didn't just use a plate, put the sake on the plate and then carry it to the table... anyway!  The sake is so so, and at $6.50 a pop, we really can't complain as sake can get very expensive.  We ordered the Chef Special Plate and a couple of sushi rolls. The food quantity is plenty... the presentation is good.  However, the food quality is below par!   A sushi has 2 main ingredients: rice and fish.  Given that fish must be fresh, then the other thing that makes or breaks a good piece of sushi is the rice!  It's NOT cooked!  BROKEN!  We were crunching down on uncooked rice... my wife was jokingly said that this is a new Sushi style... sushi al dente!  The rice was also cold, quite unexpected from the norm at room temperature.  It is plain, which we presumed that there was no special ingredient added to the cooking process... there was no wasabi between the fish and rice; uncommon but we thought that's by design... It took a long time for the food to be served...  it's okay, we didn't have to rush to go anywhere that night.  We had a direct view at the sushi chefs and could see how they prepared our meal!  Humm... different!   So for this restaurant, thumb down on the sushi bar.  May be the other side will have better food...
Ummm...I dont get the amazing food reviews on this restaurant.  I wasnt impressed with the menu at all.  We went here because they had regular food and sushi.   I got the lobster roll which was just average.  We ordered fried pickles and they werent all that great but maybe thats cause Im from Texas which I feel is the home of the pickle since I moved here.  (you'd understand if you visited).  They were oddly fried and just not all that great.   I dont know what else to say about this place.  Friendly service, odd atmosphere (older crowd) for a Saturday night, and just very interesting experiencing that left a big question mark in my head.
The food is decent, but not special-- get the sweet potato fries and the grouper sandwich, as those are two of the best things on their menu. It's "upscale" bar food, but the focus is more on the drink offerings and the company you're with. The local crowd varies from night to night, sometimes more of a yuppie crowd, sometimes a little more "indie" or "townie", but it's definitely crowded on the weekends and on "pub quiz" nights. There also appears to be a local "classic car" night on the first Friday of the month with local music-- definitely worth looking at. 3 Sisters also owns The Wicked Stepsister, which is across the street next to Makinson Hardware-- it's smaller, but a more relaxed atmosphere with 3 pool tables, a wine and beer selection and limited menu. Give 'em both a try.
My husband and I went here and the atmosphere is really nice.  The menu has the history of the 3 sisters who "opened" this speakeasy. (you can see the story on the website.)   The menu has some good food on it but nothing really that terribly special.  We had the potstickers for an appatizer and it had a ginger soy sauce that was very tasty.  They even gave you chop sticks to eat them with.For the entree I had the philly cheeseseak and it came with a gravy for dipping that was just fantastic.  My husband had the Grouper sandwich and he loved it.  The sandwich's come with your choice of Sweet potato fries or homemade potato chips.  Both were wonderful. The desserts were nothing to write home about and we didn't order one. They also have a full bar and signature drinks available.
I love this place. The food is amazing quality and delicious.  I haven't found too many places like these that serve sushi and fried calamari.  Service is great and friendly, drinks from the bar are quality.  Price is reasonable.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and intimate.  I love the optional outdoor seating.  They have all sorts of events like Trivia Tuesdays and live bands outside. I definitely recommend it.
The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars and not a 5 star review is because every time I come here I've gotten terrible service. My favorite server is always at the bar and I like to sit outside. My favorite dish is the chicken Cesar salad!!! It's AWSOME!!! But they really need to work on there servers!! If you want great service ask for Tiffany! She's the best
Ummmmm. Dunno to be honest with you. I came in with my family. It felt more like a bar at the moment. I was there around 5:00pm. My daughter is 9. They sat us in the corner. We did sit us near the window, but still it was in the corner. I looked around and everyone was drinking. Not many people come here for food I guess. I must have been the day or the time that we were there. We ordered food and the portions were HUGE!!  @Tarajroth got the Chicken pasta and I got the nachos. It was waay too much food. Wow. It was good. The food was very good. It was just the ambience that I was not feeling. Didn't seem very family friendly to me. Again, the food is fantastic. But maybe a good idea to  not bring your children.
Went for a friends birthday, 6 in our party and we sat inside due to rain. It was busy but not packed and our waitress was great. All orders were correct and our glasses were never empty. I had the mediterranean salad with salmon (the salmon was excellent - perfectly grilled and seasoned). Others in the party had the 3 sisters roll and the banana fosters cheesecake. I felt the wine was a bit pricey but the beers were well priced. Great atmosphere, not too quiet but our party could hear the others chatting across our table. Will visit again!
New in town and decided to pass by to get to know the places around. Came in and sat at the bar where I was quickly greeted by Laura. She explained to me it was happy hour and their specials for the day. Had a few drinks and some chips while I sat watched the game and conversed with others. Very friendly staff they seem to know all their customers by name and everything. Will be back soon!
I think this place is ADORABLE the servers were nice and Mom & I enjoyed the outdoor patio very much.  The food was OK, so far nothing I must go back for besides the patio and nice service.  They have a nice HAPPY HOUR if you like wine it's BOGO so we WILL be back!  We have yet to try the sushi, no sushi Sunday or Monday.... not to self, try back later.
The new chef here is so very talented.  The food before was good.  Now it's melt in your mouth good!  Sushi is yummy.. go with the house special, what every he invents each day is always sooo good.  The main menue is very electically american dishes of cordon blue caliber.  The flavors take you away.    The ambiance and charm in this location is welcoming, classy and sophisticated with a whole bunch of relaxed thrown in.   Come in your shorts or a dress and you will fit right in.  The outdoor heaters and breeze from Lake Toho make even the winter time outside there breezy yet comfortable. The service is really great too!
I've eaten at 3 Sisters many times and it's usually more like 4 stars but tonight was disappointing. I sat at the bar and have to say, on a less than busy night, that the service was mediocre, the fish (mahi sandwich) was overcooked, and chips undercooked. Wasn't offered water and sat with almost empty wine glass for more the 10 min. This was my favorite place in Kissimmee but might have to look elsewhere.
This is my go-to place for a cold one and an appetizer after work in the Kissimee area. Step up to the bar - the bartenders will make you feel at home. Try their fried pickles or their home-made chips and onion dip (when's the last time, except at home, that you had THAT out & about?)...Love it.
Food was not memorable. This place is probably better suited for pre or post dinner drinks.
3 Sisters Speakeasy has a nice atmosphere, however when it gets crowded there is no where to sit, and I mean no where. The service is horrible. I have gotten excuses of why they cant make a cup of coffee to waitresses rolling their eyes at people I was dining with. The bar staff is very slow and the food is pretty expensive. The only good thing about this place is that they sometimes do forget to charge drinks to your tab. Would not recommend.
Not many places to go in Downtown, but this is a good one.  Get the homemade chips.
I have wanted to try this restaurant for awhile now. I went with my husband on a Friday night after work. It was a nice night out so we sat outside. It wasn't very busy for a Friday night. The servers was attentive and we got our food and drinks promptly. I ordered a chicken flat bread and my husband ordered a burger. Both meals were good, but nothing to rave about. The menu was pretty small, but there is a sushi place attached. Overall, I would visit again, but wouldn't go out of my way.
Laid back comfortable bar atmosphere.  Food is mostly bar food so if you are looking for something unique and original,... not really here.  The food has been consistent and enjoyable.  If you are outside it might take a bit to be served have had to order from bar for drinks and then sit outside. But that said, is a great place to people watch and hang out with friends.  There are plenty of outdoor tables to enjoy the nightlife
We only had drinks but truly enjoyed the friendly service, cheap 44 oz margarita and patio tables!
Nicely appointed bar that also serves some good enough food. Sweet potato fries are great! Mostly been for happy hour, though specials are spotty. Would not serve me a Guinness in a large glass like every other import and they also didn't include it in the happy hour pricing which was surprising when I got the bill.
Great little bar/restaurant tucked away in Kissimmee.  We started out sitting outside but asked to move inside due to the wind.  They had no issue with this and were quickly moved inside.  Waitress was great, our orders were correct and drinks were always full.  We initially went to try the sushi but there is no sushi on Monday's, which we didnt realize.  I had the prime rib instead, which was the special that night.  Not the best prime rib I've ever had but not the worst either.  Had the fried calamari for an appetizer which was excellent, probably some of the best I've had.  Ambience inside was great and very comfortable.
It's a good location and it looks good.  But its kind of depressing.  The music is mundane.  It could be GREAT, but as is, it attracted older people.   Not a happening place that this area needs.  But, saying that, its OK.
It's a good location and it looks good.  But its kind of depressing.  The music is mundane.  It could be GREAT, but as is, it attracted older people.   Not a happening place that this area needs.  But, saying that, its OK.
such a cool place!! the food and the atmosphere were great! they had a little bit of everything for everybody. delicious drinks too! great for a girls night out! :)
