Customer Service.excellent. Food quality. Great Food Taste. OK Price. Expensive but for this location Water front seating worth it So over all great place to spend an evening ... Not worth going again and again...
Best thing on the menu is the Spinach Cheese Dip, I could eat a tub full. We had some as part of the Mexican Dipping Trio along with fresh guacamole and chili con carne. Margaritas were pretty lame, very watered down, so not at all worth the price. Location USED to be great for a night out with friends, but times have changed. I understand this is Downtown Disney, but Paradiso 37 is a bar, and we were there at 10:30...so why were we constantly hushed by the people around us. If you want a quite dinner with your kids...don't take them to a bar late at night. This restaurant is kind of out of place at disney.
Horrible service. On 10/3 we visited Paradiso 37, willing to get something for dinner after our Cirque du Soleil show. As soon as we arrived we noticed that there was no hostess so we decided just to walk in, as there were no tables on sight, a waitress told us if we were waiting to be seated and told us to go to the back of the restaurant so we can be seated. Why would they put the hostess there? Anyway, after being seated, it was 20 minutes of no attention in which no one approached at all to the table. We decided to stand up and leave. The food in other tables didn't see very appealing, but then again, nothing in Downtown Disney is fancy so we were willing to stay and pay even for those ridiculous prices they manage.
Pros: great location in downtown Disney; tasty margaritas; awesome patio Cons: food is mediocre at best for what you pay; spotlights on patio attract a lot of bugs In total it's a fun vibe but nothing special. Once was enough; doubt I'd ever go back.
A-Ok in my book. We had a very large party and they were able to accommodate us very well. I'm sure we were a server's nightmare with separate checks. They know how to serve large groups though! We were greeted promptly and soon after our drink orders were taken and delivered. Food came out all at the same time too. Way to go! While they claim they serve items representing the Americas, their food was very American. Lots of burgers, steaks, salad, nachos...wasabi fries? Huh? Anyway, I ordered the shrimp burrito. Either I didn't read carefully enough or it just wasn't clear on the menu, but it arrived with some weird red sauce on top. I guess it was California style (wet), but it was sweet. It reminded me of a sweet and sour sauce you'd find at a mall Chinese food place. Just a bit weird. Overall, it was a lovely place and they can handle a big group. If, however, you are looking for a unique culinary feast, you may want to go elsewhere.
Save your money.I came here for the jalepeño burger and the grill was down so I could not have the burger I wanted.Keep in mind that many of the things u probably came for are not gonna be on the menu because waitress says "we are in the process of changing our menus".The Mac and cheese balls are no longer on the menu.
The food was tasty but extremely small portion... More like tapa size. All of the dishes were overpriced for the amount of food provided. I had the half pan fried chicken with cilantro rice and beans. The chicken had lots of flavor which I enjoyed. The rice and beans though was only like half a cup serving or less. I wasn't able to really enjoy the taste of it. The beers were overpriced too. The service was a little slow and it was really hot inside. Can't say I will never go back but it won't be on my recommendations list.
Pros : outstanding service, tasty food, fun atmosphere, attractive servers, authentic Margherita, full bar. Cons : expected more Hispanic dishes. The restaurant is located in downtown Disney, tucked in between other touristy restaurants. I ordered the Baja fish tacos which was very good. My gf had the "on the land" which consists of skirt steak and cilantro rice and beans. Perfectly cooked. Very tasty. The atmosphere is everything with enthusiastic servers and Latin music playing in the background. I imagine the restaurant being a more interesting place when the night crowd arrives.
Go here for the mega margaritas. They come in a huge plastic glass that you can take home. My Argentian skirt steak was delicious too.
This place is kind of a weird mix of tourist and local spot with a Spanish flare. Nothing too exciting, but nothing terribly wrong here. The bar seems to be a pretty cool spot to grab a drink before or after a movie! Overall, the food was tasty, prices weren't too bad, service was on point and drinks were cold!
My husband and I were on our honeymoon and decided on this restaurant based on the pictures online and menu choices. Unfortunately, we were disappointed. I wouldn't recommend it. We were expecting a restaurant that was like a Houlihan's or fancy Houlihan's but it was more like a Chili's. We didn't have a reservation, but were seated within a few minutes. I'm not 100% sure what the whole reservation deal is. When I called, they said they didn't give reservations, just "priority seating". However, when we arrived, they asked if we had a reservation. um. ok. Anyway, we sat down and ordered drinks. My husband's drink had a fly in it, and they replaced it. However, they did not comp the drink. The food was meh. I had the fish tacos and they put them in between 2 beds of salad, with dressing on it. So, the dressing ran off the salad, and into the bottom of the shell of the taco, making it wet and messy. If you get the fish tacos, ask for the dressing on the side to avoid this issue. Or, just don't get the fish tacos. They're lackluster. Not a ton of seasoning and just kind of bland. The salad was good, but really just a tiny little bit. They should consider plating it on a different style plate. My husband liked his chicken sandwich, but didn't put it at the top of his "chicken sandwich" list. We had the tres leches dessert, and it was good, but the texture was off. Another turn off was the paper napkins. With all the windows open, paper napkins do NOT work. Even cloth napkins could make the restaurant look a lot nicer. Service is very slow, food is bland, and ambiance is awkward.
The food was very good - had the blackened mahi-mahi. Wife had the 'surf and turf' which was shrimp and Argentine skirt steak.  The fish was cooked perfectly.  The steak had a very strong lime and pesto flavor - different. But good. The service was friendly but average. I had to ask for refills, we say for a good few minutes before anyone came to our table. The tables sit right on top of one another so if a romantic getaway is your hope - skip this place. Prices were okay considering the location. Wanted a bit more from our server considering the atmosphere.
PARADISO 37 is obviously the best restaurant in Downtown DISNEY and the world it's much better than Planet Hollywood even though today in the morning I was everywhere I went to the food and wine festival and then I went to Planet Hollywood for lunch and now PARADISO 37 for dinner.This place tends to get ridiculously busy on Friday Evenings for Happy Hour and Food.First off the staff is really friendly the bar and food is amazing and the restaurant is properly clean.Our waiter was really nice and friendly to us my burgers fries and salad was absolutely the most perfect and delicious food my taste buds have ever experienced.All of the food has flavor and is really edible yummy yummy yummy I love this restaurant so so much I can just drive all the way to ORLANDO and eat there everyday day for the rest of my life I just love I love u I love u if u want a Margarita or Happy Hour or looking for a great place for great food this is the place to go if u haven't been PARADISO 37 is obviously the place to go u should go yelpers yummy
We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation and were promptly seated early. We sat outside and the place was pretty busy. Our server was exceptional but the food was average. To us it was on par with a meal from Applebee's. We used our disney dining plan for the entrees and dessert so I can't really comment on the pricing. knowing what is available at epcot, there's no way I would waste a meal from the dining plan here again.
My lady friend and I traveled to Paradiso 37 in Downtown Disney during a brief vacation in Florida and we were quite pleased with the experience. Our waitress was from Puerto Rico and it was just lovely to interact with such a friendly gal after a long day at the bustling theme park. The restaurant itself was very busy but never felt too crowded and the food was scrumptious. We split a cheesy corn appetizer, a jalapeño burger, and a pitcher of marvelous margaritas. The drinks are a little pricey but the food was fair for a Disney restaurant. You also definitely need to make a reservation if you're going during busy dinner hours. All-in-all a great selection for visitors to the area!
Bland tasteless ceviche? How can this be when it should be cooked in lime juice? Chips and salsa good and queso but don't expect mojo with tostones! My crispy chicken was dry and not crispy. Veggies had no flavor and there was a mashed up slimy looking snap pea in medly I guess. My daughter had on land trio and skirt steak  tough with a tiny bit of chimichurri sauce. Bland skewer and tough chicken flautas. This place use to be better but they have really gone down hill. Our waiter was more interested in flirting than checking on our table. Other waiters standing around laughing like at a party when there where full tables. Oh well I don't plan to ever go back. Bongos may not be the best but they get a couple stars more. Much better flavored and better service. Sigh. Another waste of money dinner!
The best cerviche ever! You will dream about it! Great bar for a drink and an appetizer. My favorite date night place with my husband at downtown Disney. No theme park ticket required and free parking!
Mon, sept 1. Worst outside bartender. Left because this guy had to keep going back inside to figure out peoples drinks. Great idea on a Saturday night...
A very good meal. My wife had the Chilean style salmon which was excellent. I had the blackened mahi fish tacos which were pretty good. Our server, Natasha, was very nice and helpful - full of good suggestions. The margaritas were very good. We will definitely come back here.
Not very impressed. Food was horrible, don't get the burrito. Server was okay, felt like we were rushed.
I went to Paradiso 37 during a convention I was at in Orlando with my group. I have to say that my burger was the worst burger I've ever had in my entire life. I got the black bean chipotle burger, which was overpriced at 12.99. There was no taste of chipotle. I've had many black bean burgers before that wear flavorful. It was so bad I had to eat the bread to feel full. The fries...don't even get me started. They aren't even hand cut. They're frozen pre-packaged. If I'm paying 12.99 for a burger and fries, I expect then to be hand cut. My burger was so thin and tasteless that I could've just gone to McDonalds and got a better tasting, thicker burger. I guess that's what you get when you pay for overpriced food in Disney. I'm giving it two stars because I did enjoy the atmosphere, but other than that this place is a no-go. Just head to Planet Hollywood or anywhere else.
Ate lunch here, food was good an the beers cold. The portions were small and prices high! will probably skip this next time!
I'm so disappointed because I really wanted to like this place but I am not a fan.  Hubby and I were visiting downtown Disney with the little princess and decided to eat here when we saw the menu.  Prices were about average for a restaurant on Disney property- not cheap but not going to bankrupt us.  But what really drew us in was the items on the menu (Latin American fare) and the vibes we received from outside.  There was salsa playing, they had a stand were they made drinks outside and it had a very similar feel to a Cuban restaurant in NJ that I loveeee. We were seated on the patio outside right away and ordered drinks and Maduro's (fried, sweet plantain).  The server seemed a bit off... He was nice enough but he seemed very fidgety and nervous the entire time.  Just kind of weird.  Well anyways,  he brings over some waters while we wait and spills an entire glass of ice water all over me.  It was about 90 degrees outside and it was just water so I wasn't too upset because it could have been a lot worse.  After he apologizes like 100 times we finally get the drinks we ordered and our Maduro's.  I just say,  the Maduro's were very good.  Perfectly sweet and firm at the same time and they had that awesome caramelization and crispness that come from cooking them properly (over low heat for a longer period of time).  But the drinks were very disappointing. I ordered a piña colada ($9) and my husband ordered a Long Island ice tea with top shelf gin ($11) and we had to ask whether there was liquor in them at all :/ At this point I started getting a bit turned off but I was hoping that the food redeemed itself. Part of what drew us to the restaurant was the ideal that it would be a pretty good place to enjoy some Latin food. I wasn't expecting home cooked authenticity but I felt that we should at least be having something that tasted somewhat ethnic and lived up to the restaurant theme.  My husband ordered the citrus ribs and while they were tasty in his opinion,  they had an overwhelming flavor of mustard.  I ordered the "from the land" platter which consisted of skirt steak, chorizo skewers, cilantro rice and beans, and chicken flautas.  The skirt steak I ordered medium rare and it came out well done to the point that it was inedible.  It was also swimming in a puddle of grease.  It was supposed to be the star of the meal and I couldn't even eat it.  The chorizo skewers were like eating balls of fat and the flautas were too hard and dry.  They only part of my meal that I enjoyed was the side dish of cilantro rice.  It took a good 20 minutes for us to see our server again.  My husband wanted to complain but I just wanted to get out of there.  The bill came to $82.  I felt sooo cheated. I could have went to chick-Fil-a for a fraction of the price and enjoyed my meal so much more
This was a pretty neat restaurant. We made reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night, but when we arrived at the restaurant, they said that we still had to wait 25-30 minutes. That was kind of annoying, so we went to the bar to wait. The bar area doesn't provide a lot of room to stand, if all of the seats are taken, which they were. The lighting in the restaurant is very colorful and it constantly changes from very dim to very bright as the colors of the lights change.  We were seated on the upper level, which was neat, because we could look over the whole restaurant. We tried the really big margarita, which you definitely can share between 2 or 3 people. They serve it to you in a plastic reusable cup, which you can take home. If you bring it back up to the bar, they will supposedly refill it for a reduced price, which sounds awesome. We ordered a couple of appetizers and the enchiladas. I was surprised that the enchiladas were so small. Each enchilada is probably about 1/2 the size of a typical enchilada and they give you the standard 3. The guacamole was delicious. I really like how they put tomatoes directly on top and it was interesting how they brought the chips in a small paper bag. The quesadillas were pretty good. They have a lot of meat in them.  The food came out pretty quickly for how busy the restaurant was, which was nice.  Overall it was a pretty decent experience.
The food is expensive but not that good. We ordered crazy corn and ceviche for appetizers. Both were tasty but overpriced at $10 for such a small portion. For dinner I had the mahi mahi sliders and subbed tostones for fries. The sliders were all bread (bun). It overwhelmed the taste of the fish which was fresh. The tostones were delicious flattened and fried plantains. They could have had a little more flavor and spice. To drink, try the Paradiso 37 lager. It was an amber brew with a smooth finish. Overall, this restaurant is overpriced for the quality of food it serves. For $30 you could find better drinks, apps and entrees elsewhere.
The food here was well prepared, but nothing unique or extraordinary.  The burrito was the best option of the four dishes in our party, but the fish tacos were quite good as well. We did try the wasabi fries - nothing more than a "seasoned fry". Pricing was high for what we got, but to be expected for a location in Downtown Disney / Pleasure Island.
It's a 3.5 but I'm rounding up bc of the awesome setup. We got a table that was just inside the restaurant bordering the patio. Great view of the lake and balloon. The food was good. But this is not Latin food and you can tell that much from the menu. I ordered mahi sliders. Three tall sliders stuffed with blacken fresh fish topped with some spicy aioli nestled on an impressively tasty bakery-fresh buns. Service was great and I thought it was a good meal so ill be back to try their tequila drinks.
I did not like the environment. The music was a bit too loud it felt like a club setting on a Wednesday evening. A meal for my two daughters, wife and I was $122. I should have gone else where. The Food was okay. It looked like my wife's steak was burned.
I'm rounding up from 3.5 stars.  It isn't a 4 star restaurant, but 3 stars seems insulting. Came here with my girlfriend and a couple of her friends, looking for lunch while out shopping.  It was rainy, so downtown Disney wasn't as busy as it might have been, and the restaurant was mostly empty.  They sat us near the back wall, which opened up to a patio overlooking the lake behind downtown Disney.  It was raining, but there was enough of an overhang that the rain didn't blow in, and instead we got a very comfortable breeze. None of us got latin food - we all got burgers of some kind, though my girlfriend got blackened mahi sliders.  My burger was good - solid effort, with a thick juicy patty, excellent brioche (I think) bun.  The one issue was the fries in that they were battered or coated in flour or something and they weren't that great.  Don't know why people do that to fries - it isn't necessary.  Cut the potato, drop it into a deep fryer filled with oil...no no, bacon fat - filled with bacon fat - then dump a truckload of salt onto them.  It isn't difficult. The restaurant itself is cute.  Clearly a tourist trap, but it's disney, what isn't a tourist trap?  But its nice and has a fun design.  Their wall behind the bar is floor to ceiling agave tequilas.  If they never shut down the clubs at downtown Disney, this place would be a fantastic place to start your night.  Still could be fun, but now there are little kids everywhere. Our service was fine.  Server was a bit talkative, but that's what servers do.  One of our party is gluten free, and when she told the server she wanted the burger no bun, the sever brought out the chef (apparently, that's what they do) to ensure her order would be gluten free.  It's a burger no bun - I think she knows.  But, the added effort and concern was nice.  On the other hand, they didn't want to serve her fries because of the flour/batter.  The server had to go over the chef's head to the manager.  I don't know much about gluten allergies and if they can be fatal, but someone who is gluten free probably knows the risks of eating flour.  It won't kill her, and if she's willing to suffer the consequences, then let her eat the damn fries.  Not like it was a peanut or shellfish allergy, but then again, what the heck do I know?  We stayed at a Clarion Inn, not a Holiday Inn Express.
The food is really nice & decently priced. Upon arrived for our reservation we had to wait a whole but this was due to the weather. However, our waiter had a really bad attitude and was borderline rude. He took our order hurriedly complaining twice that he couldn't hear due to the noise (music). Apart from a quick check halfway through our meal that's the last we saw from him. Once the mains were finished another waitress left our bill on the table, our original waiter was too busy ignoring us to ask if we'd like any deserts is we paid the bill & left.
Margaritas where ok a bit watery. Food was below average. They quote that they have travelled the americas for different food and yet the majority of food was burgers, steaks or salads. Had the fish baja tacos but they were deep fried and not very appetizing. Wife had the vegetable burrito which was just greasy veg not very burrito like. Service was average. The waiter just seemed to be reading of a script and didn't really care what we said.
I came here with my dad and my boyfriend. We asked to sit inside because it was rather chilly outside. We had reservations but still had to wait 20 minutes. When they brought us to our table, we were sitting right next to an open door by the bar. It was basically like sitting outside. We asked to sit somewhere else, but was told we would have to wait 20 more minutes so we suffered at the cold spot. I ordered the classic burger and fries, medium well. They brought my burger out and half of it was raw. I asked for another one. I sat and ate my fries which weren't very warm to begin with. By the time I got my burger, my boyfriend and dad had finished eating. I would say spend your money elsewhere. I've been to a lot of restaurants in Disney and this one is just not up to their standards at all.
Food was excellent, Hostesses seemed annoyed when we walked up without a reservation.
Not many places in Disney can you really say are amazing, most are mediocre and overpriced. I am not saying this place was amazing or to die for but it was really good! I had a margarita which was okay tasted a little too sweet. As an appetizer my boyfriend and I shared the ceviche which was really good and had that citrus taste that I love. Although they don't serve it with chips we ordered a side of them and it was great! As my meal I had "From the Land" it was a skirt steak, with cilantro rice, beans, these little balls on a stick that were pork and these taquitos looking things. But it all tasted delicious. I will def return!
I'm still hungry after the quesadilla.  :( this is what 14 dollars gets me..... Trex at least gives large portions and charges you the same....,
Wonderful food and great atmosphere. I would return.
Celiac/Gluten-Free Review: For a party of 9, the staff was still attentive to my food allergy needs even when I made the reservation a few days prior. The chef came to the table to confirm my options. There weren't as many as I expected, but I had the cheese quesadillas (with corn tortillas) and the cilantro rice. It was good and a great option in Downtown Disney.
Slow service, food lacking (my sliders were just ok). Kids meals were average and the cookies and cream milk shake was watery. Boring place with mediocre food.
This is a nice quick-casual option for Pleasure Island. It's got very cold beer and tons of different tequila. The margarita I had was AWESOME! They don't use Triple Sec, they make their own sweetener here. I got the Mahi Mahi Sliders and they were great, however, I was still hungry after popping three of them down my gullet. The fish tacos here looked really good...but I didn't try them. I would add that the waiter Jeff (from NJ) had one helluva attitude. I didn't want Aioli on my fish and he was like "umm that is the best part of the sandwich, you're defeating the purpose of ordering those by leaving that off" I was a little put off by that. Hey, I'm a local, but certainly not everyone in the restaurant is. I'd like to see some more hospitality. This restaurant is also not completely closed in...so don't come in here hoping for ICE COLD air. The live music outside was a nice touch...as you'd expect since this is still Disney property.
Our last meal on our Disneyworld Vacation was here, it was yummy! Our server, Rachid, was an absolute Moroccan doll :) lol! Service was fast and efficient, we got seated right away on a Sunday at noon. The drink I had to start with was the "Waterfront" I think, it was so good with the coconut creme! Mmm! For my lunch I ha the seafood entree, $23 I think, it was good! Spinach salad, salmon, ceviche and a fish taco.
Can always seem to get a reservation here at the last minute when everything else is booked. Good reason for that, overpriced food, waitresses seem overworked, very loud, indoor seating not much different that outdoor seating. If you can't get in anywhere else literally can't go worse.
Our server Daniel was great, very helpful with dinner suggestions. Meals were great and decent prices, we'll be back again.
Great service once you made it into the restaurant. The wait was absolutely ridiculous especially considering we had reservations. One patron put it well as he was finally being shown to his table which had just been set up on the sidewalk, "Get out while you can," he said to the poor suckers in line as he passed. We waited at least 45 minutes out in the heat for a table. They were literally assembling more tables on the horribly crowded sidewalk to get people in. I would not have accepted one of those tables as crowds were walking past and bumping into them. One family was secretly given a table before others because they continued to complain that they had kids while many others did as well. Just not right. Food was decent. We had burritos, chicken salad, land and sea combos and chips and queso and salsa. All good.
I followed my dumb friends to Pleasure Island on a Wednesday night as they thought it would be racey. I told them "it's Disney!" And no one listened. I was right. We sat on the deck, w a young lady and her dude friend playing the keyboard serenaded us. They weren't great, but they were really trying. Food and drinks were the appropriate crazy Disney expensive. And weak. Server (who was NOT good) told me the hurricane was strong. It wasn't. It was all juice and no liquor. When I told him it sucked he just shrugged. We had an appetizer w guacamole, spinach dip, and hummus. It was quite good, though too expensive. Stupid Disney. Ruins everything
My wife liked the fish tacos, but I could have gone without them. They were definitely not reminiscent of "street food" in the Americas, as the entire place is advertised.
The good - frozen raspberry margaritas, corn on the cob appetizer, chicken flautas, chips & salsa and wasabi fries. They were all top notch. The bad - blackened mahi mahi sliders and price. It's a very pricey joint, but it's located in Downtown Disney so it's no big surprise. It's a fun place to go hang out with a group of people and sip on margaritas on the patio overlooking the water view.
Not the best fish tacos I have had, but not the worst. On the hunt for something filling, but not exactly un-healthy, I opted for the fish tacos here after my group and I were enticed to enter the restaurants by smiling, dancing hostesses and the smell of the grill raring to go. We have a great seat half-way inside and half-way out with a gentle breeze blowing, as homemade tortillas and salsa were set before us... super yummy and not too oily. My husband got the short ribs, which he said was good, but not crazy and, as I mentioned, I was satisfied, but a bit underwhelmed by the fish tacos. A friend of ours sent back his salad (he didn't like the 'ranch dressing' which wasn't really a traditional ranch) and got the fish tacos as well. But, since I warned him it didn't have much flavor while the waitress was there, she offered to make the fish blackened which he took her up on (which I had thought of that). We traded each other's tacos (the dish comes with three) and the blackened was better, but still not great. For the area, I feel like there are probably better options and that perhaps Paradiso 37 is more style over substance, but in a pinch, it does the trick. You won't leave hungry. The portions are big!  Even the side salads (I got the jicama which was pretty fresh and good) are gigantic, so enjoy!
Eh. The atmosphere of this restaurant was very energetic and I liked the vibe. The service was lacking. (Except for the hostesses who were very friendly and efficient.) We had to ask our waiter for water and silverware multiple times and finally asked a different waitress because our waiter was clearly not concerned with our table. The chips and dip were really good. The chicken burrito was not. Really tasty margaritas but it would have been nice if the waiter had actually gotten my order right.
I had the fish tacos tonight. Very tasty. Just the right amount of kick. Fresh crispy fish. The salad on the plate was fresh and tasty as well.
0 stars. Never again! Although I love the theme and ambiance of the venue, our experience was probably the worst I've ever had at a restaurant ever. Not at all what I expected from Disney. Horrible service from both servers and the managers. We ended up waiting over 4 hours to be served cold, bland, overpriced food. I've had a better burrito at Taco Bell! Management promised 50% off the check but never made good on their promise. Severely disappointed.
Overpriced tourist trap with average food. If you are looking for a great culinary tour of South America (as the description of the restaurant would lead you to think), this is not the place to go. The menu is filled with uninspiring dishes that seem like a sampling from Chilli's, Bahamas Breeze and Friday's at much higher prices. Items like fish tacos, quesadillas, ribs and fajitas rule the menu. The food preparation is fine and the service is friendly. The restaurant has a lively atmosphere and features live music.
The food is great and the guacamole is perfection! We went twice this week just for the guacamole! Great atmosphere with live music on the Disney lake.
Went here the other night for dinner.  Its probably best known as a tequila bar, as they have a considerable amount of various brands.   We started with the chips & salsa along with the Caribbean Crab and Fish Fritters. The salsa was different and nice.  The fritters were ok.  Hardly any meat and overdone in my opinion. Entrees: I had the "From the Sea" entree - it was just ok.  Portions were really small, even though its a sampling of 4 different items.  The fish taco was ok, the fish wasn't that tender and deep fried too long.  The piece of salmon was drenched in oil which was not very palatable.  The ceviche was with tiny cocktail shrimp.   My dad had the Paradiso 37 Cheeseburger- again, nothing to rave about.  A normal burger, made well but nothing exciting.   Overall, it wasn't anything spectacular, but ok for the sake of eating a meal.  If I ever come back it will probably only be for the tequila! On a plus point: Every single waitress is super hot!
There's a reason why this has 3-star average rating! This was the first place I ate after arriving in Orlando with a large group of my coworkers and 2 bosses for a week-long conference in a nearby hotel.  We all were excited to be in Orlando and starving.   I had their fish tacos were extremely dry.  They didn't have a salsa or any kind of sauce on them.  While the fish itself was tasty, it was like chewing on cardboard.  I did actually ask for salsa after eating half of it, but our waitress was so horrible that she kept forgetting it and then proceeded to get mad at me when I reminded her, nicely, about bringing some.   Now I know Florida is humid, but this place also didn't have any ceiling fans where we were sitting.  After walking all the way across Downtown Disney to get there, we were all feeling a bit sweaty.  So, it was uncomfortable for quite some time. And as I already said, the waitress we had clearly didn't like being responsible for a table of 12 people.  She was rude and not welcoming at all.  We were just happy to get out of there by the time dinner was finally over.  So much for my first Orlando experience.
If in Pleasure Island. This place has a great menu. South American flare. Delicious. Ive had everything on that menu since I work in the area. Live music every night. Fun tequila bar & beautiful sunsets on the patio. *Shout out to my favorite bartender, Mike!!
One hazard of living in central Florida - my visiting friends all go to Disney! Fortunately, there are a lot of restaurants to choose from to keep things fresh for us locals.  This isn't one that I'll voluntarily choose again, though. The four of us ate outside on a humid August night around 8:00. Danielle was our server. She was nice, but the service overall was chaotic. One runner brought some other table's plates to ours first, and then our plates went on a tour of the patio until they got to us. Appeared to be a training issue more than anything else. I suspect if Danielle had been serving the food she would have gotten it correct. Burger was done to order (medium well) and was juicy and tasty. The gouda got lost in all the flavors, which is unfortunate. The fries are nothing special, but at least they were cooked correctly. The sangria swirl wasn't as good as the ones at Abeulo's or Tia's (in Tampa), but it was cold and combined sangria and margarita, so it can't be all bad, right? If you're trying to save money, well, you shouldn't be at Disney at all, but this is one of the cheaper places at Downtown Disney to eat.  But the service issues make you "pay" for every dollar you save.
Great atmosphere, very good food (we has the ribs and the surf & turf and shared it all. The service however, though friendly, lacks in the attention/focus area. The wait staff is unorganized at best having to wait tables all over the restaurant. We waited multiple times throughout our meal because of this. Overall, since we were not on a time schedule, the meal turned out good. If you are pressed for time, pass this one up!
I walked completely up and down Downtown Disney, and this place was more crowded than any of the others. So I assumed this is the best restaurant out of them all. There are no complimentary chips and salsa, even if you buy entrees. For chips and salsa you have to pay an extra $3.99. The guacamole was good. The baja fish tacos were average. My friend had the ceviche. It tasted good, but had very little seafood in it. For $10.99, I think that was a rip off. People seem to stand in long lines for the margaritas. Maybe they are good, and I might give it a try next time. Everyone seemed to be drinking one. I was only drinking beer, since I had to drive. If you are only interested in drinks, then this might be a good place for you. If you want great food, pass on this.
My husband and I went on a Wednesday night and there was a singer outside so we requested to it out on the patio.   It was not a busy night at Downtown Disney, so we were quickly seated with no reservations. We ordered the quesadillas, steak salad and chicken enchiladas. All was good. I would not say fabulous but good. The total bill was much more than we feel it was worth. But the atmosphere was nice.  Probably will not be back to eat but may come for drinks and music outside.
In Dante's Divine Comedy he describes a trip through the Inferno, Purgatorio, and Paradiso. On the surface Paradiso 37 is indeed a fun spot with great Latin music and a nice vibe to it, but while here you you must endure service from hell. We came in a large group for drinks and to unwind after a conference. I didn't mind the crowd, the wait, or the prices, but was really disappointed by the fact that every server I met during the evening seemed to be annoyed that they had to work, as if they themselves were trapped in the thirty seventh layer of the inferno. "Omnes relinquite spes, o vos intrantes" "Abandon hope, all ye who enter here." Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy
Glad we re-found this place to eat. My wife and I had had an appetizer with drinks several months ago. We said we were going to come back but never did. Let's just say we will not forget to come back. There is a don't miss appetizer of corn on the cob covered in cheese and spices. My wife had the fall off the bone ribs. She is very picky about her ribs but these passed her strict guidelines for ribs. I had the fish tacos that were delicious. Both plates were presented attractively and appetizing. The only problem is parking at downtown Disney. Until they finish building the parking garages, it is not fun to find a space.  You may want to use valet.
I have to say that i did not expect much from this place nor did i have any intention to ever try it  but a friend of mine was performing at this location and i was hungry so i figured what the hell lets give it a shot! The service was excellent and the food was surprisingly good! everything was pretty darn tasty, and very fresh, everything was cooked perfectly. The margaritas are done table side and pretty good too. Of course the only downfall is the prices so i doubt they get much of a local crowd here but if you are in the area and feel like giving them a try and would recommend it, just be prepared to pay a little extra. Overall good food and drinks but steep prices for obvious reasons.
Great food and service, EXCELLENT drinks. We saw people walking around the Downtown Disney area with HUGE margarita glasses and figured out where they were being served. Florida State law apparently has no issues wandering around with booze, so that was perfect for the thirsty tourist. We sat in the bar area, listened to live music, and ordered the quesadilla appetizer - which was delicious. We also ordered a "mega-rita" which is 45 ounces of YUM. When we finished it, the server informed us they were only $10 (usually $18.99), and asked if we wanted another. STUPID QUESTION. KEEP THEM COMING. We ended up having two more and while they weren't the STRONGEST drinks we've ever had, they got the job done and we were pleased with their flavor and presentation. We took one of them with us and enjoyed it while we walked the rest of the shops and attractions. The cup is sitting on my kitchen counter now, I'll pinterest something to do with it, but it was a great experience. We really enjoyed eating here, and look forward to returning on our next vacation!
So delicious, our server Jeff was super nice, and my rum runner was tropical, fruity & strong! I had the best time here last Saturday night. We waited only a few minutes for our table, and our entrees came quite quickly. Boyfriend got the land special, while I got the sea, which was a good sampling all everything. The dishes were tapas-sized, fish tacos were nicely flavored, and bf's steak was so tender & juicy! We had a great night :)
First time here, atmosphere was good, live music great and the service outstanding. The food was another matter. I ordered Paradiso 37 Queso; imported Cheeses Flavored with Spinach, Cilantro, Peppers, Chiles & Onions, served with Corn Tortillas. That was the best of what we ordered. I got the Jalapeño Burger; the kaiser bun was burned & the meat had no flavor at all. We also ordered the grilled half cicken; again, no flavor at all. To make matters worse, they advertised to have the coldest beer in the world.So I ordered a draft one, displayed on the wall to be extremtly cold & brought to me extremtly warm. Here is the bottom line; this place is over priced & food is not good at all. I recommend the House of Blues better than this place. Good luck!
Nice location on the water at Downtown Disney Pleasure Island. Didn't have reservations and got a table right away. We were seated by the bar area which showcases the whole collection of tequilas. Our server was okay but not to my "Disney standards" he was not that attentive and some what rude. Our food however was so delicious, we ordered the crazy corn, nachos, trio dip and a side of wasabi French fries... I don't think I can ever go back to regular fries again! We would definitely eat here again
I think its their large margarita glasses that get people in, but I'm not complaining... actually the reason we went there! And its such a nice little spot in Downtown Disney right on the water with a beautiful view. My fiancé and I ordered the mega-rita and though it was delicious it was not strong at all.  But that's okay, the amazing appetizers make up for it! We ordered the chips and salsa which was just so damn good! It was so good that I literally asked the waiter to order some of the salsa to go and instead he brought me some in a to-go soda cup and said it was on the house haha.  That was seriously, so nice of him! It's not a spicy salsa, but more of a red-brown tomato color with pepper-ish taste? I can't explain it, just trust me its amazing! Along with that, we ordered the steak quesadilla which was really tender and tasty.   I totally recommend checking this place out if shopping or walking around Downtown Disney.  I'd love to go back on my next visit to try more on the menu! :)
Stopped for after dinner drinks and snack for a b-day. Had a hard time getting a table (make a reservation) hostess got us a table outside, with a little effort. Sever was very nice and attentive, it was busy so things where slow. Drinks, ok... my Mojito was awful, sent it back, could not drink it. They use a mix but have mint and lime, very strange. Margaritas where great, my mother in law was tipsy over one. The food was good, but way over priced!!! It is Disney...  I do not mind paying for a meal, but portions where small for splitting apps and price. Kids had great sliders, cooked as ordered, fresh bread and fresh tortilla chips. The kids light up cups are cute but leak and the chocolate milkshake was chocolate milk, kinda disappointing...  Overall great night, saw the fireworks over Magic Kingdom. Probably wouldn't go back, tables are right, and price was a turn off.
WOWWWWWW, talk about a 5-star restaurant. Right in the middle of Disney!!! I cannot believe how perfect my experience there was. First of all... We got a table outside on the patio which because there was entertainment out there (live singing) I didn't think it would be possible.. But they did find us a seat out there. Our surroundings consisted of live music to the left, and overlooking the water to the right with the lights glowing on it and all :) The overall décor is super super classy and upscale.. Very nice interior décor. The server (I'm sorry that I don't remember his name :( ) was INCREDIBLYYY professional.. Probably the most professional service I have ever received. Really really took his time... INCREDIBLY knowledgeable about the products.. And put on a genuine interest in our comfortability and dining experience with a genuine smile on at all times and listening ears. Then came the food.................... WOW. I ordered the From the Land Platter. When it came out it was PICTURE perfect. I mean... beautifully decorated plate. Came in four sections of complete deliciousness. In one corner... there were these delicious skewers that were absolutely wonderful and a taste I wasn't familiar with. I believe it was some type of chorizo. The next section of the plate had soft tortillas filled with goodness (chicken) lettuce...tomato etc... Tasting just as AMAZING and yet so different from the last section! By the time I got to the cilantro rice/black beans mix I noticed I hadn't even started on the main attraction..the STEAK! Every portion of my meal was just absolutely spectacular. Great ambiance. And impeccable service. Definitely wroth the Yelp review.
This place has horrible service!! We waited 15 min to get a drink whi h were only sodas and waited 20 min for our waiter to never come back. Once we got up to leave, he said "I was just going to serve you!" Keep in mind that he still hadn't taken any order from us except for drinks!! We decided to leave...
Stopped in this bar to hang out before a movie and had a great time with the staff. Everyone working the bar was really lovely. It was super slow so everyone seemed to be laid back and having fun. We grabbed drinks and chips/dip. The spinach, cheese dip, where it's at!! Tequila!! Got to love all the offerings on the cocktail menu. I tried about 4 different drinks and dug 'em all. The Herradura Mundial - Yes! Overall, I would def hit up this bar area again, it was relaxed and entertaining.
As a night spot with Latin music and dozens of tequila choices and margaritas for every taste, Paradiso 37 hits the spot.  Downtown Disney needed a restaurant that served WDW's large Hispanic tourist base.  The place down the lake with the famous Miami Cuban singer's name fell a little flat. As a restaurant Paradiso 37 also gets mixed reviews.  I don't nightclub much so I visit here for food.  The Chilean style salmon is excellent as are the fish tacos.  I find a lot of the standard dishes of burritos and quesidillas to be small on the meat portion and huge on beans and rice.  This is OK if the price tag were not so high. Come to this place at night to enjoy the crowds and music, but take your time looking at the menu.  Be daring with your selection - some of the better dishes are the less Americanized ones.  Afterall, the theme of this place is to feature the diversity of tastes of Latin America.
I won't lie, we come here for the tequia toweer! They have a nice assortment and their Corzinger is the best drink on the planet. Food has gotten better but it's still hit or miss. We've found that the burgers are very good, the salsa that comes with the chips is delicious, and the fish tacos are pretty good although a tad pricey at $15 for 3 tacos, no side. It's a good place to stop for a drink, have some tequila, a couple muchies, but I wouldn't recommend it as a "dinner" place
I went to Paradiso with a group for a birthday last week. Even though we had a huge group, the service was awesome. The waitstaff was quick and worked really well together! Make sure you get the quesadillas!! So good.
Paradiso 37 is a restaurant in the Pleasure Island area of Downtown Disney. They have street food inspired offerings from the America's...some north American but mostly central and south America. There is also a full bar with international wine selections and a tequila bar with 50 types of tequilas. There are also many specialty drinks. Both indoor and outdoor patio bar seating is available. Make sure to specify if you would like to sit outdoors at the time of your reservation. There is often entertainment on the patio for dinner and evening hours. The Food is consistently good. The Service is usually friendly. The atmosphere is fun/festive, but the music level is very loud (both inside and out). So, if you are looking for a party location to grab a few drinks and decent meal at Disney, this may work. If you are just looking for a relaxing dinner outside of the parks...you may want to try elsewhere.
The story you are about to read is true. This is the grown up wonderland. Downtown Disney in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. My name is Skacey, I carry a lanyard. 4:27 pm. Sunday. My partner and I are undercover as tourists in our home town. We seem to pull this shift often, but it beats the paper warriors chained to their desk all week. Paradiso 37 is a new joint on our walk and we've stopped in for a drink at the bar. Now normally I play the beer guy, while my partner gets more adventuresome. Not this time, the seasoned barkeep tempts us both into specialty drinks. I try the Horn Jito, which is a Tequila based take on a Mojito. My partner tries the Corzinger, which is a unique blend of Habenero Lime Juice, muddled strawberries and Tequila. The drinks are fantastic, unique and very well made. Service at the bar is wonderful and attentive. Though we did not eat, the food does smell good. I will have to return at some point to try it out.
Give me a break. You can stop with your pretentiousness. After having a great Lebanese dinner, we wanted to enjoy our Saturday night in Orlando. We walked around in the Disney Market Place for a bit and finally decided on this place. We walked right into the outdoor area and found a six-top. The waiter came back and promptly told us that we had to get up and be seated by the hostess since we were only having drinks. We were just about to get up when the hostess came by and said it was perfectly fine for us to sit there. Wow, the waiter must've felt like a chump. He kept trying to explain to us that our table was for dining only and there was a wait list. Wait, what wait list? In any case, they had your typical frou frou cocktails. All super sweet with not enough alcohol. Oh and by the time we were about to leave, the outdoor deck was practically empty. Stop lying to yourself, this is Orlando, not New York City!
A solid outing in Downtown Disney. My wife called up ahead of time to check on the wait. They told her it'd be a forty minute wait and they'd put our names on the list. So we walked over, checked in with the hostess, and five minutes later we were seated! Fasted forty minutes I've ever experienced. We ordered a couple of margaritas, which despite our order getting a little turned around(mine was supposed to be on the rocks but was frozen, and my wife's vice versa), were ice cold and refreshing. And our appetizer of chips and queso was very good too. For the main course, my wife had enchiladas and I had the surf and turf. She said the enchiladas were good, and mine was okay, but not great. The steak was cooked perfectly, but not too much flavor. While the shrimp was a bit overcooked, but seasoned just right. But for the short wait and quick service, I'd be willing to check this place out again next time we're in Disney.
My girlfriend and I made this our first meal when we checked out Downtown Disney for the first night we were in Orlando.  I think it was the thumping music and "club" like feel it gave off when walking by that snared us in.   We both got chicken quesadillas which were ok - kind of a small portion for 14 bucks and no sides except for pico and a little sour cream.  We did start with the guacamole and some salsa - the guacamole was good and the salsa was excellent (smoky flavor).  Tortilla chips did not stand out, but were good.   Our service was excellent which was expected but still appreciated.  My girlfriend had a $9 margarita which was huge and she loved it so I can say the drinks seem to get the thumbs up.   Definitely overpriced but yours in a resort town.  You could do a lot worse than Paradiso.
I wasn't too sure about Paradiso 37, but my friend insisted that it was pretty good so I joined one time and now it's my go-to when I'm at Downtown Disney. It's a touristy place, but the food is good and the prices aren't too outrageous for what you get. One of my friend swears by the salmon dish here (I have not tried it) but my favorite is the Argentine Skirt Steak!!  Mmmmmm~! It also comes on the trio plate if you want to try some other things. Having lived in California, the fish tacos aren't anything to rave about but probably one of the the better ones you can get in Central Florida. I forget what the drink was called but there's a frozen margarita/sangria mix that is DELICIOUS!!!! Tip: Make a reservation if you plan to eat here... although on one occasion, my "reservation" was treated like a "preferred seating" and had to wait another 15 minutes until we talked to the manager about the "reservation" that was made... :\
This place is just so inviting from the outside. The magical experience of Disney is reflected at this magical place and you happen to fall into the touristy trap. Once you enter Paradiso 37, that magical journey is about to come to an end but you don't know it yet. Jumping directly to the food as I have nothing to write about the ambiance. My wife ordered an Enchilada and I ordered the Fish Tacos. There was 1 consistent observation and common aspect about our selection... both dishes lacked flavor. The food was dry and bland, especially my fish tacos were extremely dry and there was no flavor to it whatsoever. The enchiladas looked inviting with a nice pesto kind of sauce on the rice, but the rice was undercooked and the sauce had no flavor at all. To add to it, the food wasn't warm either.  It's disappointing we visited this place on our last night at Disney. Our magical experience sadly couldn't have a proper magical ending. There are other good restaurants in downtown Disney, but the wait was too long at those places, and I can now understand the reason for that. 2 stars for cocktails. They are drinkable! Avoid if you have other options.
Stopped by for some drinks. Went up to the bar and no food since I've already had dinner. Nice environment and I got a nice lite up cup as a souvenir.
Whenever you visit anything Disney, you know a couple of things implicitly. Some of you may know of more, but to me; You are going to have no less than a terrific experience, and; it is going to cost a lot of money for the experience. Knowing these two principles will help you when you choose between Disney vs non-Disney restaurants, hotels, motels, and bars. Paradiso 37 is located off Buena Vista Drive, on the former area known as Pleasure Island. The concept is a fusion of foods from 37 countries making up The America's. Yes, you can get a cheeseburger & fries, but for the most part the menu is more centered on Latin food. The menu itself is not overwhelming, and I believe that there is something for everyone. The restaurant has a full bar, and tequila-based drinks are in the forefront. We ordered a pitcher of beer that is made for the restaurant called "P37." It is basically a red-lager, very creamy and served in one of those pitchers with the ice core to keep it cold. We ordered a Shrimp Ceviche, and a Beef Enchilada. Both were very tasty especially the rice that came with the enchilada entree. The rice is mixed with a puree of olive oil and cilantro, and it really compliments the flavors very well. The enchiladas (3-small) are served with rice and pinto beans for $15.99. The Ceviche is served in a Margarita glass for $10.99. The pitcher of beer was $17.99. We thought that the food was very good, and for a lunch meal it was more than a sufficient portion of food. If I have one gripe its that you get charged $4.99 for chips and salsa. It's a giant ripoff plain and simple. They chips were fresh, and are served with a salsa that is made from cooked tomato's that are almost burned and are mixed with seasonings. The salsa is very mild but tastes good. I had a hard time getting past the cost and hesitated in ordering it at all. The service was fine as the restaurant was not too crowded. It seems that most of the Downtown Disney patrons head to a restaurant featuring a T-Rex dinosaur in the front. I think, but am not 100% positive that Paradiso 37 occupies the space that was originally by The Fireworks Factory restaurant. The waiter told us that Pleasure Island no longer a concept Disney is pursuing, but the large sign remains on top of one of the buildings just the same. Reportedly there are two and a half more years of construction that will include more shops and restaurants. Parking is horrible now, so I hope something is done to improve that aspect. Chips and salsa aside, Paradiso 37 is a decent choice. I would recommend it especially if you enjoy Latin-American food.
Good things first: If you are coming here for the tequila, then by all means come here. Their selection is fantastic. Also, our waiter (Jesus) was fantastic. The spinach dip is heavenly and the shrimp salad is well dressed. Now for the bad: The ceviche is bland and contains more lettuce than shrimp and has no acidity - not worth the price at all.   We overheard multiple spats between the staff at the restaurant as we were seated on a corner by the kitchen - we also felt as if we were in the way - perhaps sacrifice a table in order to not have guests experience the behind-the-scenes of the restaurant.
I only ordered a salad here, so let that be the disclaimer. But... Salads are one of my main food groups and there are plenty of ways to do it right and make a salad as delicious as anything else on the menu. Paradiso 37 does not excel at salad. They also do not excel at chips and salsa. When I order chips and salsa- which by the way should come complimentary in EVERY mexican sit-down restaurant, this is America after all-  well, I expect a basket of hot and flaky chips with a nice sized cup of fresh salsa. The chips and salsa at Paradiso 37 fall way short of this and almost into the pathetic category. So anyway, back to my salad. It was lettuce with a few of this and that sprinkled on top and just a minuscule portion, I've had side-salads bigger than what I got. If salad is someone's entree, it should have substance is all I'm saying. On the other hand, my co-worker who I came with said her enchiladas were really good but from my view, the portion of her meal was also skimpy. But, this restaurant is a product of Disney and that means small portions and high prices. I was not that happy with the menu, they have one vegetarian option and that's a black bean burger, so definitely not a place for non-meat eaters. But, even as far as everything else go, it was a one-sided menu, so minimal options. Service was great though and it seems to be one of the less crowded restaurants in downtown Disney and if you don't want to wait an hour and you don't want to eat in a kiddy place or somewhere that is going to cost you $40 a person, Paradiso 37 is pretty much one of your only options.
3.5 Best place to eat at Downtown Disney for the quality and price of the food. Freshly made tortilla chips? Count me in! Everything I had was delicious- the chili w/ tortilla chips, the jalapeno burger w/ fries, and baja fish tacos, were all equally satisfying and easy on the wallet compared to the other restaurants. Even the service was top notch, meaning that my waiter and waitress were so personable and responsive that I wanted to be best friends with them because I had such a great time! Lastly, make sure you sit outside on the balcony so you can people watch and make up silly stories about all the tourists that pass by.
Guacamole was really fresh and tasted way better than we were expecting. Margaritas were also better than expected. I got the corona-ritas and my wife got the mango on the rocks...both were really good. We got one of the combination dinners and the ceviche to split as we were only there to drink, the ceviche was good but there was not enough shrimp in it to justify paying $11.00. The combi-dinner was pretty good and just enough for us to share. All in all, we had a really good experience. The wait staff were very attentive and we never had to wait for refills. Go for the margaritas and guacamole if anything!
The "NoHito" drink tastes a lot like a mint julep if you miss them at Disneyland!
It was busy, understandable. It was a sunday night.. BUT, when the seater says "we have a table for you inside" and 3 other parties get sat before you, it's slightly irritating.  Then, we ended up getting seated outside and realized there were 2 tables nearby SMOKING!  Isn't the FL law changed to prohibit smoking if the majority of sales is food?  That's what I thought. When bringing up this concern to a server, she seemed unconcerned and said "all the tables outside are smoking." Didn't offer to move us or anything. So we talked to a manager, and I'm really upset that I can't remember his name because he was awesome!  We had just gotten our appetizers when he came back with 3 other servers and moved us to a table indoors. HE gets 5 stars. The food was just all right. I did like the chips, they were served warm. I got the skirt steak with chimmichurri sauce and fries.  The food was satisfying but I can't say it was anything unforgettable. I was pleased that we were able to keep our server after we moved because it would have been a shame if we ended up someone else.  She was just ok.  Our drinks were never refilled and it took 20 minutes to get our check once we asked for it. Almost was late to the movie we were going to see. Sadly I don't rave about this place like others that I know but I do want the manager to know we appreciated his assistance.
We are from Birmingham Alabama , we had p37 nachos and the p37 sangria and for our course we had  chicken with Vegs ! The chicken was ah-mazing . So juicy and tender , the best I have had it would say . It was crispy yet very moist ! Our server Rasheeq was our server he was great ask for him if you go . He helped us and very polite thank you !
Absurdly overpriced.  Seventeen dollars for a burger?  I could understand if it had some pricey ingredient like black truffle or something along those lines.  But almost twenty bucks for a burger, forget it.  The bar smelled strange.  The service was nothing special.  Bottom line though, the menu is TGIF (which I'm not recommended btw) with the the prices doubled.  Skip this one. Skip it hard.
Good service. Overpriced like everything in downtown Disney, but totally worth it. There was a  live show which was nice !
I would never come back here again. Came with a friend for her birthday dinner. She made a reservation but when we got here they told us it wasn't a reservation that it was more of a priority seating. They could've said that before we decided to make a "reservation". When we finally got seated way after our reservation time they took forever to get us our food and drink. And the biggest let down was the food. They have a one page menu and nothing really seemed that good to me and on top of that prices are kind of high for food for something that didn't seem that amazing. And when I got the food that's when I knew I would never come back. I shared food with my friend we got the cheese covered corn and the quesadillas. The corn was burnt and had absolutely no flavor. The quesadillas were 6 mini pieces for about 14 dollars. Just overall underwhelming food. The only thing that was good was the drinks. But that wouldn't even make me want to come back. Don't waste your time !!!!!
Surprisingly, not the worst place you can eat - for a complete and total tourist trap. Oh, what you didn't know this? Yeah, look you're in the middle of Downtown Disney.  So shake the cobwebs from your eyes.  It's kind of basic fare and pay very close attention to what's going on around you. The server will say "I detect a slight accent. Where are you from".  Jingle jingle, let's shake the tip tree a little harder.   Despite obvious things like this, the service is quite good, even if the food is just meh okay. It's a tourist trap surrounded by all things of the insidious Mouse. I love the Mouse, I really do.   Don't ask for gluten free because seriously - that's just stupid here.  They haven't a clue what you're talking about. I had a hamburger, no bun.
Given I'd been deprived of an adult-oriented venue for about a week -- Paradiso 37 was a breath of fresh air.   Can't beat the live singer and high energy atmosphere. Server was very nice and attentive -- but frankly, the food though was pretty awful.  We ordered: --Seafood special (~$20) - not sure if was a temporary special (see my pic) -- a trio of shrimp ceviche, grilled salmon, fish tacos.  Great presentation and fun sampler concept, but quality was subpar.  Grilled salmon was not bad, but shrimp ceviche was made from frozen shrimplets, and fish taco contained the driest coldest piece of fried fish. --Land special (~$20) -- similar dish but with beef/chicken dishes.  Skirt steak was actually good, but all chorizo skewers were cold.  And the chicken enchilada thingies was nothing but dry chicken bits and bad cheese. --Pitcher of sangria ($25) -- delicious and dangerously potent!!  Skip the food and hang out with one of these :D.  Two of us could barely finish the large jug. Despite bad food -- I don't regret it.  Was a good time and a nice break from all that is Mickey.
A new restaurant that has popped up in the remnants of Pleasure Island. I don't know why, but when I first read the description and press release about this restaurant, I expected something a little fancier. This is not to say that Paradiso 37 isn't nice - just not what I was expecting. In fact, it was even better than my wife and I had expected. The decor inside is nice, but nothing really stands out about it - I felt like it was something between a Bennigans and a Fridays. I didn't really notice any kitsch or really anything to indicate that we were on Disney property. I will admit though, that we were joining friends we had not seen in years and I may not have been as observant as I normally am. There was a singer/guitarist performing cover songs while we ate. They were pleasant and not too loud - but we were sitting upstairs while they performed downstairs. They played a decent mix of songs that were easily recognizable and didn't make you want to stab your ears because it was such a horrible version of it. Being another restaurant on Disney Property that was not a 3rd party chain (which most of the restaurants in Downtown Disney are), we expected more mediocre and overpriced food found in the parks. The food was surprisingly good. Our waitress was attentive - checking back often enough to keep our drinks topped off, but without hovering. She didn't seem to mind that we were chatting a lot and really taking our time with everything and probably hogging up a table. We ordered the chips and guacamole appetizer to start with. The bag of chips were good, but a bit small in comparison to the bowl of guacamole provided. I had the sausage and pepper hoagie. It was a little heavy on the bread compared to the sausage and peppers, but it tasted good. My wife and one of our friends both had enchiladas - cheese and chicken respectively - and they both raved about them. The final member of our group ordered one of the burgers and was quite happy with it. We each ordered drinks. The others ordered specialty margaritas. They were strong and tasty - and a bit pricey. Even my kamikaze, which is not a specialty drink, cost more than it used to at any of the clubs at Pleasure Island. In the end, we spent more on drinks than food. If the other restaurants that open up on Pleasure Island are this good, we'll be happy.
Amazing service Brought sample for us to even try Much older scene then the rest of downtown Disney. Food was excellent- definitely get the crazy corn appetizer. Great experience
Rude staff, kitchen closes early. Don't waste your time. Was laughed at by the woman at the counter when I asked if they had a late night menu. I thought Disney was professional?
Fantastic Food & Margaritas. Perfect reservations & service- you wouldn't even know it's a Disney restaurant it was so well run. great atmosphere, super sweet and attentive staff. Our best night at disney. beware margaritas were ~$15 each (but so good)
I thought I had reviewed this place already, but checking my list...hmmm, I guess not! =) Ah, so Paradiso 37...I had been curious about this location since it opened its doors in the space once occupied by the various clubs and nightlife of DTD Pleasure Island, but for some reason or another, had never made it in.  This changed just about a month and a half ago, when a friend and I decided to meet for lunch and wanted to try something new. We were seated almost immediately (good sign!) by a friendly hostess with really colorful eyeshadow - this sticks in my mind, as I mention, more than a month later!  But just as fast as we had been seated, was just as slow as it took for us to get a server.  While we had been handed menus, we hadn't seen a soul around to gather our drink order or even to introduce themselves...and the place wasn't overly busy, either - maybe just two other couples, and a family nearby. After a while, however, the server who was assisting the neighboring table to us jumped in, and told us she would find our server.  Soonafter, two ladies came and introduced themselves and apolegized for teh confusion - apparently, they were in training.  Fair enough, we weren't in a big hurry. My companion ordered an chicken sandwich with fries, while I opted for an appetizer as my meal - the nachos.  I really am a sucker for nachos...and was also persuaded by the veteran server to order a margarita ("mango and raspberry are our specialties") okay - why not, I went for the mango. When the drink arrived, however, it was definitely red.  Raspberry red.  It being our first time, however, I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, and so I tried it.  Um, yes, definitely raspberry.  I was going to say something, but once again, lost the servers for an expanse of minutes, so just decided to stick with what I had. The entrees arrived in a decent amount of time, and they were definitely freshly prepared.  Check, check!   All in all, a good experience based on taste alone, but other aspects left a little to be desired.
I have had lunch here three times and it has been excellent every time. The fish tacos and the crazy corn were crazy good. Of course the drink menu is spectacular and a must read.
I came here last year by chance.  We were on our way to T-Rex Cafe, which I had never been to, but we were so late getting back.  On the way there, some staff from Paradiso 37 were out there showing menus.  Since we were so late, we decided to look at the menu then.  We found some stuff we liked on the menu, so we ended up there instead.  Due to the good experience last year, we came back with a reservation to go again during this trip. We got there about 15 minutes after our reservation time, but getting seated was not an issue at all, as we were seated right away.  Although it isn't included on the dining plan, we did have the Paradiso 37 queso, which was actually quite tasty, as it contains cheeses, cilantro, spinach, peppers, and onions (I'm sure I'm missing a few of the ingredients in it).  The chips that came with it were also some of the best I've had in a long time.  For the entree, I had the grilled chicken, which has cheese, guacamole, and bacon.  I also asked for some pico de gallo to put on it as well, which they provided for no extra charge.  This sandwich was really good and would definitely go there in the future.  For the dessert, I had the Paradiso 37 chocolate stack.  This dessert is very good, but the chocolate is very rich.  It also has caramel sauce, ice cream and whipped cream on it.  Although this was very good, I was not able to eat the whole thing.  It's a big serving size. There are a few reasons why I didn't give them the full five stars.  The first reason was that it was very noisy in there, and was hard to talk to others at the table.  The other reason is due to not having timely refills on drinks.  Granted, they were near a full house in there, but service shouldn't be sacrificed. All in all, this is a great place to come for lunch or dinner, on or off the dining plan.  The pricing for the meals are not inflated like they are at the Disney owned restaurants in the resort.  You should consider trying this place out if you are in the area.
I have had some great experiences at Paradiso 37. And one not so great experience, which is the reason why I drop my rating one star.  Woooo, now that the technicalities are out of the way, lets dive into some delishhhhhhhhhhhhhh-ness.   First, the Mangled Margarita is AMAZING.  It is half frozen margarita, half frozen sangria.  Such a sweet/sour/cold/yummy drink.   I have had the quesadillas, the dip trio (queso, avocado creme, and salsa), and the jalapeno burger.  Yum, Yum, and Yum. I tried the crispy hen...not so good. But, could have been a lot worse.  I don't know if I am just not into hen...lol...but it wasn't what i was feeling that day. Overall, I think this place has made a good impact to Downtown Disney.  They had big shoes to fill being built on Pleasure Island...and I think it is a success.  With the indoor/outdoor bar, beautiful deck overlooking Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort, and a dude playing a guitar...just doesn't get any better.
Surprisingly good for what it is.  I'm always weirded out by pan-anything type restaurants, I'm a big proponent of professionals mastering a trade, but I really had no complaints.  It's a Shenaningan's type place with an "American" theme, i.e. North and South America.  They have mac&cheese, corn dogs, and burgers, as well as flank steak with chimmichurri, a surprisingly delicious little Colombian Style Crispy Hen, ceviche, churros, and popsicles.   Supposedly the specialty is margaritas but my compatriots were not too impressed.  They do have a LOT of tequila in stock with everything from blancos to anejos, in quite a few brands. Portions are decent but you're paying for Disney real estate so its spendy,  $28.48 for an entree and a soda.
Went here about a month ago for my friend's birthday. Many people at our table ordered margaritas, though I did not. I gather they were tasty. I ordered the tres tacos with mahi mahi and, thanks to other yelpers here, was prepared for the small size of the tacos. They were, however, incredibly tasty and I appreciated that the portion size was not insanely huge and overly filling. The rice that came with it was also very flavorful and tasty, but I did not care for the beans. I wish I had requested no beans as my friend did and received double rice instead. We did not do appetizer or dessert, but we had brought our own homemade cheesecake as a surprise dessert for the birthday girl. The restaurant was kind enough to take it back, light our candles in it, and bring it out at dessert time as a surprise! We had a lovely experience there and a very nice waitress. I think this restaurant is worth giving a shot.
This restaurant is in Downtown Disney where it is flooded with tourist like me that's looking for a good place to eat. The wait was about 30 minutes to 1 hour. The place was crowded and the bar was the only option to kill time. It has a full bar with some nice décor. The bartenders was nice and professional; however, the drinks were mediocre. I ordered two Patron margaritas with Grand Marnier on top, it was a disaster. After 45 minutes we went to seat down and we ordered tacos and burgers. The tacos were not the best nor were they the worst. My burger was surprisingly good with plenty of flavor. One more thing, the service was good and my waiter was funny and very professional.
The Good:  We liked the salsa.   The Bad: Skirt steak a little chewey, the shrimp were not completely shelled, they could put a little more roast vegetables as a side. The UGLY: Hostess on 2/18/10 evening was...how shall I say....a tad rude!   A month before our dinner, I called for rezzies, confirmed them 2 days before, we arrived. Day of dinner the "lady" (Allie?) at the "hostess stand" informed me they used "Priority Seating" at DisneyWorld and I would have to wait 20-25min. Much attitude ensued and a bit argumentative without a clear explanation. Hello? I had spoken with 2 other employess about RESERVATIONS and I had reservations ALL WEEK at Disney Park restaurants (Ohana, Teppan Edo, Sci-Fi Diner) with no problems and no mention of "Priority Seating".  Disney "used to" do this priority seating business. They stopped sometime ago...I guess Paradiso is living in the past. They need a new hostess...or at least more training.
This place is great! The experience was 5* thanks to our waiter Julian. He did an amazing job handling our group of 16. Food was simply superb. Vegetarians were well taken care of. We got our own set of appetizers..and didnt have to scrounge with the meateaters. I sampled: Guacamole, veggie/cheese quesadillas, veggie burrito. The burrito came with cilantro rice which was out of this world!! Everyone liked their food in general. And the alcohol-oriented folks loved their margaritas and sangrias! The alcoholic drinks will definitely push your bill slightly toward the sky.....
We decided to venture out to Downtown Disney one evening for dinner- and wanted to try this place.  We had read that they had a pretty amazing tequila bar and yes- they certainly did.   We were seated right away- I did feel the tables were a bit too close to each other- there were 1-2 scary times when I almost thought a meal was going to land on my husband because of the tight squeeze between tables. We did order Margaritas since tequila is their specialty- they were very good..and then had nachos for an appetizer- they were good, could have used a bit more cheese and sour cream.   I had ordered the skirt steak- which was good, a little tough but the flavoring was very good.  It came with french fries, but the waitress had forgotten to bring the ketchup - so by the time I got to eat them they had gotten a bit cold.   We didn't find anything of interest on the dessert choices..which is surprising for me.  Service was overall good.  I would probably try other places in Downtown Disney before going back here. They did have a guitarist who played 45 minutes sets and he was good, but I thought very one dimensional with regard to musical genre.
So I took a small group over for lunch today and though the ambiance and feel of the restaurant was solid as before the food left me wanting this time around - especially at the prices. Three of us ordered the "Surf & Turf" which was a thin cut of seasoned steak (very small portion) as well as three shrimp on a skewer. There was some cornbread underneath and vegetables on the side, but for $25 a plate it felt like a very small serving. Also to be noted that I ordered a shrimp cerviche appetizer and it seemed like an appetizer for one person not to be shared. Think of a small shrimp cocktail - for $10 this was disappointing too. We did order dessert which was better - the Chocolate cake was very rich and yummy topped with ice cream, but by the time we were on our final bites the waitress brought out the caramel topping from the back and said the chef was making it.....unfortunate. The dessert that looked best was the 4 cones - which were mini-cones of ice cream....great set-up presentation and perfect size to share. I will still return and try again, but this time I was disappointed.
I have no idea how the food tastes here and only have been here at night.  I'm giving this place a 4 star rating for the night life RELATIVE to other places in DT Disney.  It's pretty much the only place to go out with a bar and club music.  There's a large bar inside with restaurant seating and a small bar outside with a small dance floor and some tables. I was here for a large work convention and we filled up the place.  I bet that this place is a 2 star bar some nights just because nobody is there to drink and dance in downtown Disney.  However, the DJ was really cool and we had a pretty good time.
A bit disappointing. I have been wanting to go here for a while now because the idea of the menu sounds so interesting. We went there on Friday evening June 15 around 7pm, Downtown Disney was packed with tourists, the place was busy but we got to sit right away because we went relatively early. I do like the look of the place and the atmosphere, it's casual and fun, and you can laugh and enjoy the time there. The service was really good too. Now, the food...not so fantastic. It's ok food, it's not bad, if I had to eat there again I would, but only if I had to for some strange reason. Given the option I would go somewhere else. For the money, I was expecting way better. I had the mahi mahi sliders...I think I could've done better making them at home :-/ Nothing special and for $18 definitely not worth it. It comes with french fries, but I switched it for "arepas"..there were ok too, nothing to die for. The desserts, I had a raspberry creme brulee... it was so thin, very very small portion and nothing fancy... I love creme brulees and have tried them everywhere I can and this one was not special at all. My sister had the tres leches cake, that was not a real tres leches cake. That one was good but it was just a tasty and moist cake, that's it. I do have to say that the appetizer we had was really good. We had the mexican dipping trio, Chunky Guacamole, Chili con Carne & Spinach Queso and those were delicious. The best part of the whole dinner. Would I go back again? I don't think so, at least not if I have the choice. Too bad really.
Just opened June 5th. We stopped here for lunch and ordered a trio of starters.  There was no wait.   The theming is nice and the multitude of servers are friendly and attentive.
Came out to Orlando to visit my fiance's cousin who just so happens to work at Disney World. He took us over to this spot and it was crowded! We were able to get a table and were seated outside, which was fun to people watch as kids and adults were walking by with Mickey Mouse paraphernalia and light up mohawks! Definitely fun to watch and fun to see! The server was average and unfortunately was not impressive. We started out with drinks and I had a pineapple-coconut mojito which was not bad. I think they overdid the coconut, or maybe it's because I'm not a huge fan of coconut. But the drink wasn't that bad. They had chips and salsa that came in a bag, not a basket, but the roasted salsa was tasty. The food was generic , which I would think so with them being in Downtown Disney. They kind of have to cater to everyone that walks in. The boys had the cheeseburger and fries, which were huge, and I had the Blackened Mahi Mahi Sliders which were yummy! Either we were full from eating earlier that day, or they gave us alot of food, but it was really good. I would recommend you try it if you're in the area. You have to remember that the parking spots that you are competing for are not only for the restaurants, but also for Disney itself. I would think that if you're going for a late dinner that it should be fine as most people are leaving, but lunch I would think it would be difficult.
Margaritas were mostly ice and tasted odd (sweet & sour mix in a margarita?). Quesadillas, despite the name, contained very little cheese to hold together the tough steak inside. Pineapple bacon burger was ok - their signature fries were not memorable. The wait staff was slow which worked out well as we were able to wait out a storm. Would not recommend - $60 tab for mediocre food and watered down drinks. House of Blues is a much better option in that area.
I went last night on a Monday and while it was not completely packed, the service as pretty poor, my food was cold, and the overall experience was overwhelmingly stressful.  It's unfortunate I had to pay $26 for a beer and a basic burger with such a poor experience...
This restaurant truly fell down on every level.  I am giving it 2 stars because the people I dined with seemed to like it. Service was absolutely lacking and the Caesar salad was dry and tasted of vinegar in the dressing. I had coffee while others ate and was actually given a check then they tried to comp me when I made a comment. Horrible service. At the end another diner noticed a hair in the beer.
We couldn't hear our waitress every time she spoke due to the noise level. I got the Pineapple Bacon Burger without the bacon, and it was average. Would have been better with another Pineapple ring. My mom got a shrimp salad that was $17.99 and it was SMALL. It mad me so mad. Not only was there really little lettuce, there was only 4 shrimp. They were mainly known for their huge margaritas, which we didn't get.
Overall: Delicious food in a touristy environment. We started with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The salsa featured roasted tomatoes giving it a nice smokey flavor. The guacamole was OK. I ordered the Baja Fish Tacos. Normally they come with fried mahi mahi but I requested grilled and it was surprisingly delicious. I was surprised because usually touristy restaurants have average food, but not P37, it was great. My three fish tacos were stuffed with big pieces of fish, cabbage, corn, and a little bit of sour cream. My boyfriend got the Mahi Mahi sliders. He really enjoyed his meal too. The service was excellent and very knowledgeable. The next time I have friends or family staying in the Disney area I will definitely recommend this place.
Pleasantly suprised at the goodness!! Great crazy corn app with cheese...crazy good! The mini corndogs were solid good! The spicy jalapeno burger...jalaaaaa good & jalaaaa spicy!! Nachos good! I would come back here if I was in need of some pleasure on this island!
Don't order fish tacos unless you don't like fish.  If this review was just on my main dish, I'd give 1 star.  Fish taco plate. Supposed to be crispy fish, which to me means breaded and fried fish.  Instead it was tiny clumps of fried batter with barely any detectable traces of fish. It came with 3 tacos. I ate 1 & a half, hoping that I would eventually find fish in them.  I didn't & asked for something different. The waitress brought me some fresh grilled fish which was excellent.   Other than that, food, service & atmosphere were good. Except my wife did remark that the sauce on her burrito tasted like BBQ sauce.  The staff was all Disney beautiful & friendly.
After a long day in Disney World we decided to walk the streets of downtown Disney. I know most places are hard to get into with out a reservation at Disney but since it was a Monday night at 8 I figured we would give it a try. They seated us within two minutes and our server approached us immediately with drink options. I had the drink special of the night, the pineapple mojito ($9.95) and my husband got a Negro. ($5.99) The mojito was amazing! My husband ordered the Surf and Turf ($25.99) and I had the Seafood Platter. ($19.99) I usually get nervous about fish from places I don't know but they delivered! The shrimp ceviche was so refreshing after such a hot day. My husbands Argentinian skirt steak was perfect because it had chimichurri on it. (If you have never had chimichurri you need to find some place that serves it or make your own!)
There goes my $19.00 drink! Atmosphere was great and so was the service however the food was not worth the Mickey Mouse price. This is where I spent ringing in the New Year. Last minute choice but I had fun. * Atmosphere - Awesome place is nicely decorated, the choice of music is great and all around very chill * Service - Not bad. Everyone super friendly and speedy service. * Food - Blah... Not trying to be close to authentic at all. The food is on par with Taco Bell. Well those are my two cents! Mucho besitos! ~Amanda
I went on a Saturday night and I sat outside listening to the live latin band and I couldn't stop dancing in my seat. I'm hispanic so the music resinated with me but everyone seemed to be enjoy themselves on the dance floor. The food is pretty good too. I had the guac. and the fish tacos. Don't get the black beans!
Mid-week of a family vacation that included a 5-year-old, it was nice to have a night alone with my husband, which we spent at Downtown Disney. I honestly really liked it, and we would frequent Paradiso 37 if we lived anywhere near LBV. Which we don't. Anyway, we had reservations and were seated promptly. The service was very good, except for one confusing bit when a second waiter took our order after a waitress had already asked about drinks. We soon learned it was a tag team. We started with the dipping trio, which was fresh, warm chips served with delicious guacamole (I am hard to please on the guac front), creamy lovely salty queso fundido, and tasty chili con carne. When we finished the chips, we were brought more despite not really needing them! I had the ahi tuna sliders, which were cute little bits of spicy blackened tuna with spicy mayo, lettuce and tomato on great little buns, served with great crispy fries. My husband enjoyed his miniature hot dogs, and said the dogs had great flavor. We both ended up with leftovers. We didn't get drinks or dessert this time, but they looked great too. The restaurant was a bit loud, but we could still talk at a normal volume, and it has a nice decor with funky wood and mood lighting. Not sure when we'll get back to Disney, but we really enjoyed Paradiso and will almost certainly be back. P.S. The prices are pretty reasonable compared to most Disney-related restaurants, too.
The hostess recommended the pork ribs.  I tried those pork ribs and they were doused with sauce.  It could have had much less sauce.  The first rib was rather tough to get off the bone.  The others were much easier, but never close to the described fall of the bone type ribs. We had the appetizer of chips with 3 different dipping sauces.  Guacamole, Spinach Queso and chili.  I'd have to say all 3 were fairly tasty, but the chips were as oily as can be. Service was great.   Downtown Disney is in the process of making Pleasure Island more family oriented so they are taking out the night clubs and making more restaurants out of them.
Paradiso was a great place. (especially for a date) Wait time for a Saturday night was quoted to be 25 minutes...I expected much longer being Disney. We headed up the the bar to grab a drink while waiting, I tried the Worlds Best Sangria (they offered it in red or white...I chose red) I figured it was the worlds best I didn't wanna miss out, not a bad choice at all...real refreshing with lot of fruit floating on top. Decided to dine at the bar, not sure of the name of the entree I tried but it was yummy...featured three large shrimp on a skewer with pineapple laid on top of a salad mixed with almonds and cranberries with a light dressing. My friend had the pineapple burger with fries (he said it was great)...only complaint was that he asked for the burger to be cooked medium I believe and it came out well done. Didn't send it back or say anything  but the server (Matt?) noticed that it wasn't cooked right apologized and offered to fix it on the fly. My friend declined...wasn't that big of a deal. The server was great and made the next drink on the house for the inconvenience. He always on top of game...and that was appreciated. Thanks for the great service. As far as a dessert I didn't try any..beer was my dessert. Definitely recommend this place.
Went here for a lunch with friends and LOVED the food!  Their Sangria Margarita was awesome, and the 2 appetizers and 2 entrees at the table were all super tasty. They have outdoor seating right on the water in Downtown Disney - a GORGEOUS spot to spend quality time with friends! The service, however, was subpar, especially for Disney property!  The waitress had a major attitude and was strongly pressuring us to order more items and drinks.  (Lay off, lady!  We know you want a big tip, but this is not the way to get it!)  She never came by to refill our waters or see how everything was going, despite the fact that the restaurant was not even 1/3 full while we were there. The food really was yummy, and the price was pretty reasonable for Downtown Disney ($97 before tax & tip for 2 entrees, 2 large appetizers, and 4 margaritas).  If they could work on their service, I could see this place being bumped to 4 stars.  Until then, Paradiso, there are many other places to try!
Paradiso 37 is a restaurant that positions itself as the place to go in downtown Disney for North, South and Central American food. The foods range from chimichurra steak to guacamole, to nachos and salsa, to various seafood. Good idea. How did it turn out? We started with guacamole and the salsa trio. The guac was pretty good... albeit not memorable. I liked that the chips came warm and were salted nicely. The trio was much better, with the salsa verde tasting very fresh, and the pineapple salsa being nicely sweet and sour. I don't remember the red sauce. For the main dish I ordered citrus barbecue pork ribs. This was served with cole slaw and fries on the side. The fries were surprisingly good and crispy, and the slaw took the philosophy of staying out of the way (no argument here.) The ribs were... different. They were, as advertised, fall-off-the-bone, and had good flavor, but I was hoping for a sauce that didn't taste like it came out of a bottle. Service was timely and friendly. Overall, you could probably do worse in downtown Disney, but P37 should largely be considered the 'safe' choice. Maybe that's understandable, considering the clientele.
On my last trip to Disney, my family and I ate at Paradiso 37 to change it up a bit from the regular food at the hotel. When we arrived the place was packed, but since we had a reservation we were seated in about 10 minutes. As we waited, I made my way towards the towering bar that has all types of alcohol. It was definitely a welcome sight, and made the time pass by very quickly. Everything we ordered from the menu was delicious. We ordered the Mexican Dipping Trio but more queso instead of chili. For my meal I got the Chili con Carne and I loved it. It definitely hit the spot. The others I was with got the Chicken Quesdillas, the Chorizo and Beef Skewers, and the Filet Mignon. Everyone raved over how much they enjoyed what they got. What I think was especially good was the dessert. We had to get two because we couldn't decide on just one. We got the Mini Cones and the Churros and Sopapilla Combo. I didn't try the Mini Cones but I was told they were good. But, the Churros and Sopapilla was exceptional. They had just been made and were brought out to our table hot and fresh. We devoured them immediately. Even on the ride back to the hotel we were all talking about the Churros and Sopapilla.
Yes, Virginia, there are still drinks available at DIsney's Pleasure Island. After a movie with friends, we wanted to stop somewhere for something more substantial than movie-theater concession fare, and adult beverages. Given how many venues have closed in the area, Paradiso was a natural stop. Service was quick, attentive, and funny. All of us were pleased with our signature cocktails of choice, mine being a Tiki Tango (rum, tequila and mango puree) -- though my partner's rum runner was twice the size of mine for the same price. Sometimes, signature isn't the most economic, no? The only downside of this place for me remains how loud it is inside. Whether it's live entertainment or (as it was this visit) a DJ with an eclectic taste, this is a hard place to have a conversation. We probably should have asked for outdoor seating -- but then we wouldn't have had our fabulous server, Dominique. A 2-person appetizer, a fabulously rich chocolate dessert, and six drinks came out to around $80. Not too far from what we planned, but then we were looking for simple fare, not a meal (which would have been far spendier).
Surprisingly, the Paradiso was better than I expected for a touristy restaurant in Downtown Disney. The menu options and prices were good. The restaurant gets it's name from 37 types of tequila they have on stock. I got this information from the nice shpeal given by our waiter. He was friendly, and accommodating. Food was good, service was good. I give it 4 stars.
We came across this place while we were walking to put our name in at the Portobello Yacht Club.  They had a menu posted outside which described their food as "Street Foods of the Americas".  Interested, I looked over the menu which included things like Salvadoran Pupusas, Quesadillas, Argentinian sausages, Churrasco, Sliders, Queso Fundido, etc.  It sounded interesting enough to get us to change our dinner plans.   Once inside, we asked for a table for 2 plus a baby stroller.  They said it would be 20 minutes.  After waiting more than 20 minutes they asked us if we wanted a high top table.  When we said that we needed a regular table because we had the stroller, she said it would be another 20 minutes (mind you, they had said 20 minutes knowing we needed a table where we could have our baby in the stroller.) When we finally got our table, the first thing I noticed was that the A.C. seemed not to be working very well.  Trying to make the best of the heat, I ordered a nice cold sangria.  My husband ordered a beer after being told that they supposedly have the "coldest beer in Orlando".  Well, the beer isn't the coldest beer in Orlando, and considering the A.C. wasn't working very well, it should have at least seemed like the coldest beer ever.  They also have 37 types of tequila and a whole bunch of tequila based drinks.  Since my husband and I aren't really into tequila, we passed. The sangria was actually very good, and very refreshing.  They use pomegranate and guava juices, which makes it different from your usual sangria. We ordered three different appetizers to share.  The Mexican Dipping Trio came with a paper bag filled with tortilla chips and 3 dips (chili con carne, guacamole, and queso fundido)  All three dips were delicious.  The queso fundido was overly salty (I think they use a salty cheese, but still..) Next we had the Salvadoran Pupusas which are little pockets filled with different kinds of meats.  There were 6 different kinds, all of them tasty. We then had the quesadillas.  The dish had 3 types of quesadillas (braised chicken, grilled steak, and BBQ pulled pork)  The chicken and steak were good, but the BBQ pulled pork was inedible!!!  I have NEVER ever tasted food that made me think I was eating poison, it almost tasted like acetone.  Very strange.  I don't know what ingredient they used that could possibly give it such a strange, bitter taste. To sum it up, it was good, I'd eat there again (minus the BBQ pulled pork quesadilla)
I am really not in this area often and have no clue where to eat when I'm out this way. But time and circumstances mandated we eat in Downtown Disney and the executive decision was made to try this restaurant out. Eating at Disney scares me because of the price-quality ratio, but this place is actually reasonable. The decor is nice and they even have live music. I ordered the beef and chorizo skewers- they were good. The chorizo was a little too sausagy for me, but the beef was well prepared. The sauteed mushroom and yogurt dip that accompanied the skewers were pretty tasty. I'll keep this place in mind for my next visit to Downtown Disney.
'37' refers to the 37 countries in the Americas that inspired Paradiso 37's menu. That's a bit of a stretch, but the menu is still varied and imaginative.  Shrimp ceviche was an excellent starter with lime juice, spicy tomato sauce, cucumbers and sliced avocado. Boy, I love avocados! This ceviche was so very refreshing on a hot July day.  I ordered a Spanish white wine; although this European wine didn't fit with the Americas theme, it was a good choice.   If I were grading P-37 on my choice of entree alone, it would probably rate a 2. Against my better judgment, I selected fish tacos. I love fish and I like tacos, but the combination always sounds unappealing. I've only had fish tacos once before at Baja Burritos on East 50; I think Baja's was better. But 37's was complemented by a nice assortment of greens, diced tomatoes, a little cheese and a light dressing, which made the meal. I ended with a glass of Grand Marnier. The restaurant is colorful and attractive, and I'd say that my waiter Sean was one of the most intuitive waiters I've run across outside of a fine-dining joint.  He was easy on the eyes too -- that's always a plus.
On 3/15/10, we had a few extra hours to burn before heading to the Orlando Airport, and since I have yet to step foot on the Disney World megapark, I figured we at least hit Downtown Disney to say we at least had a taste of it.   The restaurant features North, Central, and South American dishes, a beautiful array of sangria drinks, and what appears to look like a nice bar.  We were met by friendly staff, sat down, and served promptly.   I ordered the Jalapeño burger, which was delicious.  The kids had crayons, menus, and a wide assortment of american fare that nearly any kid could enjoy.   Afterwards, one of the greeters spoke to the children at length, and asked for their drawings so she could post them on the wall.  It was really cute and unexpected.   When we eventually make some sort of family vacation to Disney World, I will be happy to return for lunch or dinner again!
Good drinks and good quesadillas.. Can't say much about the service because we were in a big group.
Wife had the fish tacos and they were great! I had the p37 nachos and they were good also. However my beer was not 27 degrees as advertised.
Great Fish Tacos. You have to try to Paradiso Draught, Awesome. A great surprise that this would fill two older people. However. we did have three Paradisos!
DO NOT GO HERE FOR FOOD OR SERVICE First the good: Outdoor area is nice Place is clean People watching is good The bad: Service was a D+ at best We ordered Ceviche - it was a tragic disaster... They should call it a couple small shrimp placed on a large bed of cheap shredded iceberg lettuce.  It was horrible!!! Wine was just ok, but served in a dirty glass A $33.00 check for two glasses of mediocre wine and an uneatable (by name only) Ceviche DO NOT GO HERE FOR FOOD OR SERVICE
Is disappoints me that Pleasure Island is not the party place it used to be but Paradiso 37 give me some ray of hope for it.   I loved the decor and the restaurant although when going to the bathroom from the outdoor patio you have a maze to get around.   Ok, my wife and I stopped here for lunch on our last day in Orlando (we went to Downtown Disney to pass the time before our flight and buy expensive things) and stopped in to grab a small lunch.  The service was great as everyone was friendly and helpful and we had a great view of the lake on the outside patio.   Our queso dip appetizer was delicious and yummy but small in size.  Anytime you have extra chips it is a shame.  I ordered the Quatro Tacos (Steak) and they were very good.  The steak was a bit bland and the soft shell tacos were weak and broke but I enjoyed them.  MY wife had the quesadilla that was half meat and chicken and it was good as well.   If you are looking for a fantastic meal, this is not it.  If you are looking for a good lunch...this is your place!
Paradiso 37 is solid Latin inspired restaurant.  It knows what it is and doesn't try to be anything it's not.  Food is just good, nothing that blows you away, but good.  Solid flavors that please, and are even a bit surprising.  Atmosphere is causal, yet upscale. Cons - drinks are over priced.  Margarita was weak, and 80% ice. During our visit, service was excellent.
I think this restaurant has a very clever concept. The theme is "street foods of the Americas." They have things like quesadillas and chips and shrimp ceviche and crazy corn dripping with melted cheese (this was really delicious). When I went, there was no wait and the service was very attentive. The drinks were very good--I was tipsy in no time. The biggest negative of the place is the music. They had a live band--well, really it was just a couple of guys, one singing, the other smacking bongos. I was convinced that the singer was the owner's or the manager's son, 'cause that dude could not sing. His caterwauling echoed throughout the place, bouncing off the ceilings and walls, making conversation all but impossible. Finally, blessedly, he took a break. We were able to finish our meal in relative peace, with nice beachy music flowing gently from overhead speakers. The other problem with this restaurant is their entrées. Not so good. They excel at apps and drinks. I ordered an appetizer as my meal, but my companion ordered 'blackened fish tacos,' which, when they came, sported very pale, non-blackened chunks of mahi mahi. No point in ordering a meal here. I say come for the drinks and the apps, and call ahead of time to make sure there is no singer scheduled.
Friendly staff, Live music, nice decor. I enjoyed the chips and salsa, but some of my fellow diners wished it was spicier.  Our meal impressions: Quesidilla (no meat) didn't impress our vegetarian. Jalepeno burger was not spicy enough for our Texan. Fish tacos were ok, but nothing special. Appetizer Queso dip was rather bland. I had the appetizer chorizo and beef skewers and thought they were awesome.
I was somewhat disappointed with my experience at Paradiso 37. Both the food and the service were just...okay...which frustrated me because this place has the potential to be great. We ordered the Caribbean Crab and Fish Fritters and the Guacamole as starters and decided to share the From the Land Platter as our entrée. it was a bit odd that our starters didn't come out before the entrée, but we just rolled with it. The guacamole was definitely well-made; it had large chunks of avocado throughout and came with freshly fried tortilla chips in a cute paper pouch. The crab and fish fritters, while a bit bland for my taste and with a bit too much filler, did have some nice visible chunks of fish and shrimp throughout them and the coconut lime dipping sauce was a nice complement. Unfortunately, other than the chorizo skewers, the From the Land platter was only mediocre. It looked great, but the flavor just didn't match. Would I go again? One more time, yes. Every restaurant has off days and I hope this was one for Paradiso 37.
My husband and I dined at Paradiso 37 during our honeymoon in September 2011. The atmosphere was super touristy, but it was really lively and fun. The specialty cocktails we ordered from the bar were just okay, but I thought the food was really good! For an appetizer, we split the Chorizo and Beef Skewers (see photo). Delicious!! For my main course, I ordered the Chilean Style Salmon, which was accompanied by roasted vegetables and cilantro rice. It was delectable and perfectly cooked! We both really enjoyed our meal and would definitely return if ever in the Orlando/Downtown Disney area again.
On a busy night, they seated us, a party of 10, in just a few minutes.  That was awesome, as was their selection of food and alcohol.  Plus their staff was on point.
Basically came here after seeing the huge martini drinks. So we decided to get a martini of our own. We ordered the frozen variety and at $20 bucks and $10/refills especially in downtown Disney seemed a decent bargain. Will be back there for the martinis and hopefully dinner this time.
Deciding where to eat at Downtown Disney was tough, but ultimately my wife and I decided to try this place after looking at the menu outside. It was a Wednesday night but the entire area was packed, and it still took us 20 mins to get a table. Our server was very friendly and she greeted us almost immediately. We ordered our drinks (they have a decent beer selection, which made me happy) and then she came right back to take dinner orders, recommending the fish tacos, which I ordered. My wife ordered the jalapeno burger with fries. To start, we ordered chips and salsa, which were amazing. I know, it sounds weird saying chips and salsa were amazing (isn't it all the same?), but there was something about their salsa that I couldn't quite place that I loved. My tacos came with a nice refreshing salad. I'm glad I took her recommendation because they were very, very good. And, after reading other Yelp reviews, I was expecting tiny tacos, and was surprised at how much bigger they were than I was anticipating. Three tacos and the salad was enough food to fill me up. My wife really enjoyed her jalapeño burger that was topped with guacamole. When my wife ordered her burger well-done, our server was nice enough to warn her that it might take a little longer than normal. She explained that customers have complained in the past about how long their burgers take to cook when they order them well-done, but our food was out before we knew it. In terms of the place itself, it was pretty crowded and a little tough to get around when venturing from our table to visit the restroom (which was very nice and clean). There was a live musician singing and playing guitar who was very good. The bar is really cool, with bright fluorescent lights behind the bottles of liquor on the shelves. We sat inside but the view outside looked awesome, overlooking the water. Our table was, however, right by one of those big glass doors that they sometimes open to create a seamless transition between outdoor seating and indoor seating, so we had a nice view of the water anyway, without the heat. Overall, our food was good and we had a good time here. I'd definitely consider trying this place again.
I went to this restuarant over the weekend. And I enjoyed it, but it was so crowded, I got convinced to go in by a server that hands out menus in front of the restaurant. Our server was nice with her cute English accent. It was very loud inside and they had a live band so I was trying to speak over them. I ordered the beef enchilladas with red sauce which came with the cilantro rice and black beans. My order came quick but it was the wrong order, I was brought by another server the enchilladas with the green sauce. It was remedied friendly and fast, I had already started eatting the wrong food when the right food was brought out. The whole concept of the food is from various Latin American countries, a fact in my choosing since I love Latin food! Even with my order being wrong with was correctly so quickly I had no time to be upset. And the food was quite good, both portions of it..
I hope that my review will serve as a warning, for the many, many things that went wrong in this experience, to give one enough pause to consider perhaps eating elsewhere. We're on Downtown Disney, and we're checking out the restaurants. We've already eaten at a couple of places, so we want to try somewhere new. My companion suggests Mexican. Paradiso is the closest they have. So, we look at the menu. It doesn't look too bad, for pricing and offerings. We go in. We then look at the menu more closely. $4 water? ... Well, we're in vacation central. So... he gets the burritos, I get the enchiladas. Each runs us about $15. Midrange, for this strip. My companion says to me, 'It's a little steep. Hopefully we'll get good portions.' As if to mock his wish, our plates arrive. His 'burrito' looks to have been a whole burrito, instead cut in half. To give you the idea of the whole of his meal portion, it's the size of a fist. My 'enchiladas', which I will now deem taquitos, are tightly-wrapped, each of my three the length of my index finger. Now. The chicken in my enchiladas and the beef in his are passable. But not for the price, and not for the portion. The waiter has been by to see us all of four times by then. Once to deliver menus, once to take our order, once to bring us our waters, and once to bring us our meals. It took them 45+ minutes to get there, and that place was not packed, let me tell you. Each time was spaced far apart. The plus, the one shining light, were my maduros (fried plantains), which were like 3 bucks and change, and tasted very nice. Portion was fair for it too. The host doesn't really tend to us much after, maybe checks once just to make sure things are okay. I was using a gift card, so I wasn't about to make a fuss in-restaurant on the portion size. My vote up or down is if I come back. He asks if we want dessert. We decline and ask for the check. But wait. We have an 18 percent gratuity figured in for the check, so we can't even address our lackluster service. The fellow was never around so we could ask for anything, and it would sometimes be fifteen minutes between times when we see him. So I pay with my Disney gift card. He comes back, with pen, and hands it to me. ... There is already an 18 percent gratuity factored in, which is insulting enough. (Admittedly for the experience I would probably hovered around 10) To expect me to offer more is just insulting. I could have gotten better Mexican/Latino food for half the price and double the portion elsewhere. I was saddled with poor service, but forced a gratuity I felt was not warranted (and if I really like service, I'll point out, my tips do go to the 25 or 30 percent range). I left thoroughly disappointed, as if it was money ill-spent. And when it's a gift card, it's hard to get me to feel that way. Usually I view it as a free meal. This was so poor I just lamented my loss of 40 dollars. There are better places. Pick others.
My friends and I went to this place since it just opened up and were hoping for a neat Disney Restaurant. Where do I start to discuss my experience? My friends were already seated when we got there; the restaurant was pretty busy but there was no wait, so that was good. The place also has a really nice atmosphere. The bar is clearly where they spent most of their money designing. The lighting was nice, except that the lights kept changing colors which made it impossible to read my menu. That's it for the pros. Now the cons. Well, they didn't have any glasses (I know, new restaurant) so we didn't get our drinks until 10 minutes later. Their chandelier was made of margarita glasses, so as far as I'm concerned they could have taken some off of the chandelier. My friends had a pitcher of beer that had a block of ice so large that it yielded 4 small glasses. My friends ordered the dipping trio and it was good, but pretty small too. I will agree with the other reviewer that the chips were salty. On to the food. Mine actually wasn't bad -- I ordered the burrito. It was decently sized but served with cilantro rice (it was really all cilantro with a bit of rice) and beans. But my friends ordered the tacos which were so so small that I laughed as they were coming out. Someone else ordered the enchilada which was cold. The waitress overheard them saying it was cold but didn't bother to do anything. Finally: the entertainment. There was a guy playing a saxophone and a lady "singing". I think karaoke would have been a better idea. This lady was off tone and the volume was so loud that we couldn't hear each other. Ok, enough rant.
My wife and I walked up and down the boardwalk at Disney Marketplace but decided on Paradiso 37 cuz of my wife's craving for Latin cuisine.  Man did we make the right decision. We started out with the queso and chips.  DELICIOUS! I had the citrus short ribs which just fell off the bone and my wife loved the enchiladas.  And our drinks were tres delicioso while we enjoyed the deck overlooking the ocean. The wait staff was extremely nice and helpful.  A waiter, whom I learned lived in Connecticut and was a New Englander like me, walked me in the direction of the bathrooms.  We got the sopapillas and churros dessert on our waitresses recommendation.   Best eating of our whole Florida vacation.
I've eaten here before for lunch and it was good. However their menu does not change for dinner. They still have burgers and salads on the dinner menu. Anyways went here for my co-workers birthday and was a little disappointed. We got our appetizers before our drinks hit the table. We asked for separate checks and the server just gave this look of horror. We were 7 people not, 20, and their computer system is the same at the restaurant I work at and it's apiece of cake to separate checks. For appetizer my husband and I got the skewers. My husband is Mexican, I do not know wtf type of "chorizo" they sell on this dish but it was the wrong color, wrong smell, and wrong taste compared to any other chorizo him and I have ever has, disgusting. I would say don't ever order this unless you can get all steak cause disgusting. Dinner was okay- nothing great but okay. I ordered surf and turf which was a very salting steak, the corn on the con is halt a corn on the con, why?? I soo so not know
I ate here last night.  It was extremely busy, and the kitchen area looked hectic, but  I have some food allergies, and in the midst of the chaos, the chef came over to the table to discuss the allergies and make sure she could make the meal safely.  I thought that the food was great, the service was good (considering how busy it was) and there were some really interesting choices on the menu.  I'd definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
I had a late lunch there out on the deck overlooking the lake.  I highly recommend that spot, but watch out for the birds.  One crapped on the chair at the table next to me. First, I love iced tea and i am very picky about it.  I don't care for flavored teas, plain, simple black tea is the best.  The tea was fresh brewed and delicious.  You can tell right away if iced tea is gross if it looks murky.   You should be able to see through it or it means they aren't cleaning the machine well.   I ordered the seafood fritters as a started cuz I was starving when I sat down.  So much for that idea since they came out with my entree.   They were pretty good, lots of flavor, although slightly mushy instead of crunchy.   Then I had the assorted sliders.  They were delicious.  One mahi mahi, one beef, and one crab cake.  My only complaint is that the menu doesn't tell you what the sauces are on the sliders.   The mahi mahi slider had a wasabi sauce and I don't like the flavor of wasabi.  Had I known, I would have asked to leave it off.  As it was, I scraped off most of it and it was still good and cooked well.
Food is good but nothing special. Drinks are better and the service service random. It's a restaurant but I would not call it an experience.
A few points about this place to help you decide.... 1. The prices are in line with much of Downtown Disney, ranging from 15-28$ for entrees. 2. The value seems to be lacking a bit. The surf and turf was ok, but had the feel of a 13$ plate at Chili's, not a 27$ meal. 3. The place lacks a distinct vibe. Interestingly, for a place that positions itself as a Mexican/Latin place, the draft beer choices are all standard American beers (Budweiser, etc.) and no Tecate, Corona, or Dos Equis in sight. 4. The sides are forgettable plate fillers, but they really do a good job preparing flank steak. I personally think it takes some skill to make a flank steak taste good, and they definitely manage that here. 5. The bar is ok (see note on beers) and does offer a fair selection of cocktails.  They offer the stereotypical grossly oversized margarita that is watered down for those who need to be seen with a 45 oz margarita glass. 6. The service is good overall, but probably won't win any awards. All in all, it is a decent place, and if you want a place with fewer kids, this may be it. However, there is nothing that really makes me want to come back.
The food here was excellent. The service was impeccable. I had the steak salad with ranch, it was amazing, and surprisingly filling. My fiancée got the "from the land" dinner which was a huge portion of skirt steak, chicken, and chicken flautas. She was stuffed! I think one thing that surprised me were the portion sizes of the appetizers, as we had the Mac n cheese bites, and the dipping trio, both were very filling. Also the best part of the meal may have been the margarita bowl we shared. The margarita was surprisingly strong, and we got to keep the glass it came in. I will highly recommend this restaurant, and will be there again.
Great location. The hostesses are not always friendly and welcoming. We decided to try it out because it was St Patty's week and everyone was crowded. We got a table in a reasonable amount of time. This is Downtown Disney so expect the high prices.  $7 beer (domestic), $9 for kids cup with the light., $15 burgers. The food was good but the fries were way too salty. The highlight of the day was the four mini ice cream cones. The kids and I split it with two vanilla, one chocolate and one cookies and cream. Be prepared for spend $$$ here.
Terrible. We had drinks and appetizers while we were waiting and those were pretty decent and then when we sat down to eat dinner it was awful. We did have a large group of 12 or so but all of our food was cold and the service was bad. We had to keep asking for drinks and for our waters to be refilled.
Very busy restaurant the day before Thanksgiving. Surprisingly, service and food were all fast! Good, affordable, and fun!!
Food - the worst Mexican food we have ever had. Stale lettuce, stale extremely small amount of tomatoes and almost nothing else. Food was bland and anyone could whip up better from the cans. Drinks - I ordered the hurricane 37 and it sure had no alcohol in it and completely watered down. Location - great location and ambience. Pricing - extremely expensive.. We spent $100 for 2 adults and 2 kids. The kids barely ordered anything. A simple cheese quessidilla was $13+. Service - our server was disinterested in serving us and did not take care of us at all. Overall - avoid at all costs and spend your money elsewhere.
Despite the touristy location, a surprisingly pleasant atmosphere. The food definitely caters to the touristy crowd of families. But there are a few gems on the menu. I really enjoyed their cocktails. Their bartenders definitely knew what they were doing. Their wait staff is the strongest selling point. They genuinely looked like they were having a good time and everybody looked like they worked well together. Even the managers seemed more hands on.
Really good and Really Expensive. Living in Las Vegas I can go within a mile of any location just about and find a great Mexican restaurant to eat at. Being at Disney World my choices were so few. Staying for a week and craving Mexican we decided to try this place out. The food was really good. I got the chicken and steak quesadilla.. and deeeeaaaamn it was soooo good. Two vodka margaritas... yum! The food is not worth the prices you pay.. but with limited options for Mexican style food I would come here again if in the area.
Came here while my stay in Disney and it was okay , the service is really good but the food was average.  We ordered for appetizer the trio dipping sauce and the chili was great and then i ordered the burger with bacon and pinneapple which was nice and well cooked and my hubby had the quesadillas which were not that good and he even got sick of the stomach.  Lastly we ordered a cappucino and it was not that hot.  Not sure if i will be coming back.  The atmosphere is nice and the music is great.
This place is insanely delicious! It's not a Mexican spot, its actually a "restaurant of the Americas" as they advertise...South and Central America that is. It was kind of dead the three times me and my friend went.  Given it was the middle of the afternoon, but it IS a restaurant, so I thought more people would be dining for lunch or something.  There is a huge bar too with soooooooooo many different types of Tequila.  I'm not sure when this place opened, but it looks like a fairly new restaurant.  I really like the décor in here.  It's filled with a lot of bright colors:  purples, greens, bright orange, pink; very cultural. The bathroom door is even cute with the rooster and the Hen.  The chandelier is very unique.  It's made of margarita Glasses and tequila bottles; very unique and of course awesome in my eyes. There are two levels of dining, but the second level is only a few steps up from the ground level.  There is also a very tiny gift shop as you first enter.   They sell some pretty cute tee shirts, and I'm not talking about the tacky ones that you only wear one time! We really only came here for drinks, but decided to try their signature appetizer as suggested by the host AND out waiter.  We had the Crazy Central American corn-- dEE effin LiiSH. It was two full corn on the cob cut in half, and then sliced down the middle.  Altogether this appetizer came with eight pieces, and while the menu says it's great to share (which is what you do anyways with an appetizer...durrr), its really only two full corn on the cob cut up in eight  pieces no matter which way you look at it! So the eight quarter pieces are on wooden sticks, and they roast the corn, and cover it in all this delicious cheese.  It's something that has to be tasted to understand its rich delicious-ness.  I definitely recommend trying this appetizer if you come here.   Now for drinks... the whole reason we came!! In total I've tried four drinks: the Mangled Margarita, the Paradiso 37 (aka p37); both frozen, the Superfruit Margarita, and the Ultimate Paradise; both on the rocks. The Mangled Margarita is a combination of the P37 layered with the frozen Red Sangria. Pretty good drink, but perhaps next time (if there is a next time) I'd stick with the P37 alone; I could have done with out the sangria.  The Superfruit Margarita was very enjoyable because it was super sweet and super strong.  The Ultimate Paradise was very strong as well, and I ordered it with added strawberry flavor to balance out the tangy-ness.  It had me nice.  Do keep in mind we came here on a few separate occasions.  I didn't consume all four drinks in one day! If I visit Orlando again I will definitely return to try more of their food selection and of course to consume the wonderful drinks! **I forgot to mention we got a nice little Tequila lesson from our bartender too!
After a hot day of touring the theme parks, we took the boat here and found a GROWNUP'S OASIS of great food, friendly service and an atmosphere that caters more for adults than screaming kids(in WDW property, a rare treat for two adults traveling without kids). The fresh hot chips and tasty salsa were a great compliment to the 27 degree cold beer. The burgers were fantastic as well- I loved the grilled pineapple & cheese burger. The atmosphere is lively, the manager went out of his way to chat with us & give us (2 honeymooners) a nice table- and the music was at the right level to enable good conversation. We will make a point of coming back to Paradiso 37for more good food, great service and a great time overall!
On a recent Disney weekend, my girlfriend and I had planned on spending the evening at Epcot, but a huge thunderstorm blew through and put our plans on hold. Since we knew we wouldn't have much time to spend at the park, we decided to go to Downtown Disney, since it would be open later, and eat and drink and be merry. We grabbed a couple of margaritas, walked around and window shopped, and we checked out the menus of all the different restaurants to decide where to eat. We finally decided on Paradiso 37 based on a few factors, one of them being price (a lot of the other restaurants were high end and VERY expensive), and the fact that we were in the mood for some latin flavor. Definitely glad we did. The first thing I noticed was that they advertise the COLDEST BEER IN THE WORLD! They even have a keg on the wall with a digital temperature display on it, to let you know how cold the beer is. I watched it float around 29-30 degrees all night. That was a huge plus, however I was disappointed in the fact that if you advertise the coldest draft beer in the world, you should probably have a nice draft beer selection. There was only about 6 different draft beers, none of which was Samuel Adams. :( I did order a Dos Equis amber, though, and it was very cold and very good. For an appetizer we had the chips and dip, it came with three different types of dip, and they were all AMAZING. It was guacamole, some cheesy artichoke dip, and some beefy chili dip. Awesome. For the main meal I decided on the small tacos with chicken, and it was very very good. This isn't taco bell were talking, these were real deal tacos, with great tortillas, fresh chicken, cilantro, onions, fresh flavors, it was GREAT. Served with a huge side of beans and green rice and fresh salsa. Overall I was very pleased with the taste and look of the food. The service was amazing, our waitress was very, very good. She was at the table just enough to make sure we had everything we needed, but not hovering over the table to annoy us. The pace of the meal was great, and the seats on the patio were awesome, as we got to look out over the lake as we enjoyed our meal and drinks. I would almost give this place five stars were it not for the lack of Samuel Adams draft. Overall, I had a great meal, the service was great, the food was great, and the atmosphere was fun. There are a LOT of choices of places to eat in Downtown Disney, and this is definitely one of the best!
There were 5 of us that went here for lunch. My sister ordered a salad and there were small dead bugs in it. The manager offered to get a new salad but we obviously didn't want it. 3 of our other meals were incorrect. My wife's order was sent back and brought anew 3 times because it was wrong. The manager came once after the bug and the first round of all of our food was wrong but never once came back to check again. The supposed coldest beer in the world was warm at best. They were also dusting off the speakers above a table while people were eating there. Dust was falling off onto the table. They did not charge us for my sister's meal with the bugs but never apologized and charged us for everything else. I would never eat here again and I will direct anybody who will listen not to go here.
Paradiso 37 is woefully overpriced and mediocre. While it's one of the more adult-friendly restaurants in Downtown Disney, there didn't seem to be a running AC, just fans, and the service and food here left much to be desired. I ordered the seafood sampler and each dish was just meh--the salmon overcooked, ceviche shrimp too fishy, and the fish taco in a tortilla that tasted stale. For $21.99, I expected so much more! I stopped by Wolfgang Puck last night, and if you have a choice I'd recommend it instead.
This place looked great! It was a bit loud, but overall the ambiance was very chill. And, the clientele was VERY diverse. A huge plus to me. I was going to give it a 3..but then I looked at the pics I took of our food... We ordered mangled margaritas...which were good, but were given to us in glasses too cold to touch. Maybe in the middle of the day eating outside this is a good idea but indoors at night we both got "burned" by the glasses. My boyfriend ordered the tacos, which inexplicably came with carrots...huge half-dollar sized slice of carrots, and a cole-slaw. I happen to be allergic to carrots, so to see the entree that I so nearly ordered dripping with them was a scary thought. Just when I thought I knew which entrees would be safe....surely by ordering the caesar salad I was okay...right?... Thankfully, the Caesar Salad with grilled chicken arrived carrot-free. But I did not realize when I ordered that it was a DIY project. The portion was small AND they gave me entire romaine lettuce hearts unchopped. I realize its Disney but $13.99 for a DIY Salad is ridiculous! I complained and the waiter brought me some chopped salad but not before trying to crack a joke about my being "too good to cut my own lettuce up". It was his only mistake, so I'd still rate the service a 3. Then the clincher....hmm...may take it down half a star for this...the live entertainment was a hippie looking dude who rapped baby got back. Seriously.
The food here was terrible. The service was SO slow too. I ordered a salad and my coworker ordered quesadillas. They messed up her order so she had to send it back. My salad was so terrible I thought about sending it back, but didn't know if I could wait another 45 minutes for my second attempt at a meal. It wasn't even crowded.
My waiter worked his a$$ off to make my meal great. His suggestion for what to eat was perfect. I would recommend this please over any of the other restaurants in downtown disney.
Like a mediocre Cheesecake Factory, except longer waits and twice the cost. Save your money and go elsewhere.
We had lunch here today. The decor is interesting but the acoustics are so poor, it's almost impossible to have a conversation. We were immediately seated and someone came over right away to take our drink order. It then took almost 15 minutes to get the drinks. I'd hate to think how long it would've taken if the place had been busy. My husband had the Pupusas. He said they tasted pretty good but felt they were rather greasy. He had the frozen sangria/margarita drink that was advertised as one of their specialties. He said it was an interesting combo of flavors. I had the Tres Tacos. This is a dish with three microscopic tacos, cilantro rice and black beans. The rice and beans were cold like they had been left sitting. The tacos were about the size of a silver dollar. The blackened mahi mahi was so overspiced it, it completely overwhelmed the fish. The chicken & pork tacos were rather bland. I had the house margarita and it was a very mediocre 'rita. Overall, we probably will not go back.
Trendy, hip with great food and even better service. This is my ne place in Disney.
not impressed with either food or service on my 3rd visit here. wait staff did not appear enthused at all. please skip this place by all means. there are far better restaurants at Downtown Disney - Lake Buena Vista. first of all, the hostess asked if i wouldn't mind sitting outside with an umbrella cover. no thanks, i said, due to the 101 degrees heat index at 11:00am. i wanted to stay inside to avoid the sun. saying no threw her off, & she conversed with some servers for a few minutes. finally she seated me at the bar next to the patio door with huge windows anyways, so i didn't get any cool air from the restaurant anyhow. it took about 5 minutes before a bartender asked me for my drink order. upon her return with my soda, i ordered my entree. she never returned to check on me. since it was so hot outside, i finished my drink in less than 2 minutes. it took about 15 minutes before my entree arrived, but that was after i caught her eye at the bar, as she looked shocked like she had forgotten about me being there. the other bartender brought my lukewarm entree (enchiladas which had obviously been sitting underneath the warmer for a while), & i had to ask him for another refill of soda. he assumed i had water & thought it was funny to reply, "oh. we just ran out of Dr. Pepper." when he saw i was not laughing, he said it was not true & would return with another soda. i'm not sure if my server had forgotten to place chips & salsa at my table before the entree because i never received any. however, i did notice the table next to me, who had arrived 5 minutes after me, did receive chips & salsa at their table. overall it was an unpleasant experience. i am never returning again.
Had a great evening watching the sunset.  My husband and I made reservations to enjoy the sunset out on the large deck at Paradiso 37.  We had terrific and attentive service.  The food was great.  The live music was perfect for the atmosphere.  This was our last night in the Orlando area and Paradiso made a perfect finishing touch!
Seriously the worst meal I have had in a while. I hate to be a negative Nancy, but I feel like I have to pass on the wisdom... because it especially sucks to have an awful meal when you're on vacation. We were looking forward to some Mexican flavor after all we had eaten was "American" food the last couple days during our Disney resort stay, but this completely missed the mark. The guacamole didn't have enough salt or lime, the fish in the tacos tasted stale (think frozen breaded/fried cod) and didn't come with salsa, the grilled chicken salad was meh. The saving graces were that the waiter was cute and nice, the waterfront seating was lovely, and the cocktails were fine... but it didn't make up for the food. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things? :/
My friends and I came here on our first night visiting Disney World.  It's located in Downtown Disney, so you don't need a park pass to get in.  What I great way to kick off our vacation.   We waited what I consider to be a fairly considerable amount of time (30 min) but it was worth the wait.  I just wish they didn't run the space heaters in line in the Florida heat - why?? The place was packed on a Friday night at 9p, but the service was excellent, very attentive, especially considering the crowds.   Their tequila bar is impressive! There's a large selection of drinks, but they'll set you back some money.  I guess I didn't care because I was on vacation and they made my margarita strong!  They also advertise the coldest served beer, but I can't comment on that.  The guac I had as an appetizer was also great!   As for the ambiance, I loved it.  We sat inside because it was a shorter wait, but they also have outdoor seating where I believe a band was playing.  I only know that because they were playing the music over the speakers in the entire place.   All in all, this place was pricey, but worth it considering the quality of the food, the great service, and fun atmosphere. A highlight of our trip to Disney.
Long story short our waitress was very nice however we waited a hour and a half for our food, we were seated outside were a door was contantly slamming into us.  When the food finally came it looked like an order from a fast food restaurant, I got the chicken sandwich which was 17 dollars, I honestly could of gotten something better from Wendy's.  The only good thing I got was the margarita.  At the end of it all between my wife and I my bill was over 50 dollars.  Most of the places in downtown Disney are over priced but at least at most of them give you decent food.  There are a bunch of places to eat within a mile or 2 outside of downtown Disney, save your money and go anywhere else.  Not to mention the entire group who ate there felt sick about two hours later.  So don't make plans after because you will be exploding on the way home.  This place makes it hard to handle your brown.  Luckily I won't make the same mistake twice.
Went here on a recent trip to Disney and it was pretty decent.  We started with sangria (yummm) and a dip sampler which consisted of guacamole (DELICIOUS fresh guac), a queso dip (it was okay...our least fav) and some cheese and spinich dip (my friend liked this one best).  The sangria was excellent, though the red was a bit too sweet.  I had a salmon dish - VERY good and a nice size portion.  My friend had fish tacos and was pleased.  It's not 5 star cuisine but it's definitely worth a taste.  Probably the best meal we had on our trip!
Surprisingly good food in the downtown DIsney area.  We went with touristy expectations and were impressed with the quality of our meal.  Their chimichurri steak was excellent as were the mahi fish tacos.  Tequila is their thing here, so bribe a DD and do a tasting - it is worth it!
We got rained out of Animal Kingdom and I had limited choices on where to eat.  I made a reservation on the bus about an hour and a half maybe two hours before we arrived.  When we got there they couldn't find the reservation and ended up putting three of us at a table for two.  My wife was none too happy.  The server was nice enough but it is way over priced for the quality of the food.  It was ok but I don't think I'll need to go here again with all the options available at Disney.
This place is all about flash. The food and service is terrible. Our order was messed up and the food was flavorless and cheaply made.
See my check in. We walked out because of the poor poor service.
Terrible Family dinner tonight. Slow and careless service, over half of the food served was cold. Forgot items because server didn't write order down. I had to clear our app dishes because no one would take them. Went into the wait station to get my own ketchup after waiting. The two $20+ entrees were obviously precooked hours before. Clearly they are quantity over quality.
The plate was SMALL.  Got the 4 tacos for $12.99.  Came with rice and beans.  It was tasty ( I chose 2 each blackened mahi and chicken.  The tacos weren't full size. they were nibble size.).  Liked the whole plate - in fact licked it clean.  But dang it I was still hungry.  The portions are small, plan to order extra.  Even the chips and salsa were small for the price.
Trashy place, the food was mediocre at best. Hostesses too busy talking to each other and people just went in and sat anywhere they pleased, adding to the chaos. We saw the waiter and manager run after some people that left without paying - the service is so freaking slow that they didn't notice that happened until they were long gone, zero chance of catching them. Entrees were served with a 20min gap on top of a 40min wait, so we took turns watching each other eat. Lots of staff doing nothing.
We only went in the afternoon for a drink. The service was SO slow... Just to order a drink! Then our drinks came and they didn't taste/feel like they had any alcohol in them. So NOT worth the $10/drink. However, there is a nice deck overlooking the water... That's where we sat and it was the one redeeming aspect.
Service really sucks here. They are rushing you and really don't have good directions on seating at the front.
We had to pick and choose to find vegetarian options. It wasn't difficult to do. They were accommodating and we chose from appetizers and sides.  Definitely try the cheese corn.
Overall great service, very friendly and attentive server.  Cool decor and atmosphere.  Mediocre food.
I really wanted to like this place and have it be the next great Latin place in the tourist district, but the fact is that it is just average. The cocktails are better than the food and the restaurant is very attractive.
Maragarita/sangria slush mix was surprisingly good. Decent beer selection. The menu was small but diverse. Sit outside if you are able to and weather permitting. It was not as crowded as inside. I'd recommend the enchilada, burrito, and jalapeno burger. I'd go back again.
It was Ok for the mass dining offerings at WDW. Every place I've ever eaten at in WDW seems to have a get'em in and out mode. Food was nothing to write home about. We ordered 4 apps and shared for dinner. Chips/dip with 4 different ones, chorizo/beef skewers, fried mac/cheese and quesadilla. Mangled Margarita was very sweet. Horn- ito was much better. Mojitio with tequila. Dessert was empanadas. No filling in them at all. Fried nicely, but empty inside. Son had the churros.
I don't know about the "real" food here at Paradiso 37, but the churros sure are delicious!  A few friends and I stopped in here later in the evening because we heard that the churros were worth trying.  We all sat at the bar and ordered a churro dessert.  It took a while to come out (longer than desserts typically take anywhere else), but it was worth it!  The dessert included several churros with chocolate and caramel dipping sauces.  If you stop by this place for a bite to eat, be sure to get the churros!
Went for dinner. For a Disney spot the food was awesome, the beer selection was good, and the service was great.  Now the negative. Tourist trap feeling, loud, horrible music. Too pricey.
Great drinks, not great service.
Let me recommend the beef and chicken kabobs with tzatziki sauce. The restaurant was great but man is it loud in there. I will try this spot again but next time it will be for lunch with hopes that I will be able to carry a conversation.
Their patio is a great place to watch the fireworks from. Their food was incredible (we ate at half a dozen in the area and this was the best). I wish we could eat here every night
Having dinner there was one of my worst dining experiences ever.  If you like poor, slow service; absent, hard to find wait staff; waiting for a loooong time for your food; and a very loud restaurant; then this is the place for you.  If you like friendly and efficient service, dinner being served less than an hour after ordering, and somewhere you don't have to yell to your companions, this is not the restaurant for you.  I can't say anything good about this place.  The waitress did not refill drinks (ice tea and water) despite being asked and did not bring another beer despite it being ordered.  The food, when it finally arrived over an hour after being ordered, was mediocre.  Save your time and money and go somewhere else, anywhere else.
We were killing time at Downtown Disney before heading to the airport and decided to stop here for a beer.  Looks like a very nice place.  Outdoor seating with nice view of the lake.  Service was ok.  Food looked really good.  I'd eat here if we were back in the area.
The food was good, the portions were a good size. Not a huge selection to choose from. The service was great for us and it was a busy night.
great place to go and relax when you want to kill time. We went for a beer while waiting for our flight and i'm glad we picked this place. the bar area is huge our bartender Tony was nice and friendly. the only bad thing about this place is that it doesn't have a TV. Other then that its a nice place to bring a date. I ordered the crab and fish fritters and my girlfriend ordered the fries. surprisingly the fries are much better. overall it was a good experience.
My girlfriend and I have food allergies and this restaurant was able to work around them and make AMAZING dishes. The chef came out and talked with us and ensured we knew what we could and could not have as well as the risks.
Moonshine Margarita was very good, as was the surf and turf. Pricey but good..
Nice looking place. 10 bucks for an absolute on the rocks. A bit steep but what can you do. Someones gotta pay for the bright lights
Overpriced and not good! DO NOT GET the fish of the day, it's small and  30 dollars
Crazy corn was Awsome!  Inside the music was a little loud.  They could stand to spread out a little and not try to have so many packed in together for a little better feel.  However, food was outstanding and drinks were great.  Outside band was really good too.  Service could use a little attention, but overall score would be four stars for us just based on the e experience.
Downtown Disney.. the Mecca of overpriced restaurants but of course we are at Disney and such prices do not raise an eyebrow when you spend the day drinking $4 bottles of water.       We were just meandering along and had a really nice experience here prior so what the hell.  We were greeted by 3 found ladies who I assume were hostesses.  We were seated in the outside patio in a table set in the middle of multiple diners.  The hostess didn't really seat us but led us to the table which we assumes was our and then walked away with out menus 1) Do we sit here 2) Did she think there was another table available 3) Why did she take out menus?  It was odd and then the waitress came over and brought us menus.  She quickly left and we noticed a table with an umbrella was open and we requested to sit there which was like one table over from ours.  The waiter we asked was like ok.  (plus the prior table was right in front of the band area and loud speakers and I just couldn't deal with this).  The waitress who had broughtt us our menus seemed annoyed we moved and I figured out that this probably wasn't one of her tables so we were dead to her.  Next arrives another waitress in the ever changing cast of characters who asked if we would like drinks.  She was abrasive and curt and I think annoyed her table was occupied.  We ordered the frozen margarita/sangria mix which we thought was great on a prior visit.  We could not order the larger size without the souvenir glass(Who wants a souvenir mug to carry around after dinner) but she could bring two of the smaller sized glasses and charge us less than what it would cost for the drink in a souvenir glass. Frankly, it was annoying and so we just got the smaller glass size because this girl could not handle a "complicated" drink order.  The drinks arrived and were not frozen and in fact watery and disappointing.  The drink assumes it is like half and half frozen margarita/sangria and not a slushy of the two mixed together.   Well, once you get off to a bad start it's hard to have a good experience.  But, the waitress we had was training another waiter. He was very attentive and brought us silverware which we did not have.   He refilled our sodas which we ordered as mixed drinks were obviously fail here.  I ordered the chicken sandwich with fries w/ truffle oil.  The sandwich was fine although the bun overwhelmed the meager chicken.  The truffle oil was just wrong and tasted fetid.  It was truly horrible and reminded me all night long how horrible it was but I won't go into those details.  I also had salsa and chips and the chips were not crispy and kinda stale tasting and the salsa was this odd brown looking concoction.  It wasn't bad per se just not really good.  My friend had a burger w/ pineapple and really enjoyed it.  She would have had sweet potato fries but the waitress never asked her if she would like to make a substitution.   The live music was entertaining and the atmosphere is lively.  The food was ok and the service disjointed and confusing.  I'd probable give this restaurant a second chance.
Nope. Not good! Overpriced and bland! Our waiter didn't smile, they didn't even bring us water, and a burger cost $17. Drinks are small and horribly over priced. The Mac N Cheese Bites are actually delicious, but they are overpriced as well. We couldn't stop joking about how bad everything was. Not to mention my friend thinks is chicken quesadilla was really undercooked. Not coming here again. The reason they're in business is because it's a tourist trap and they'll get people to come in no matter what. Restaurants in Downtown Disney are lucky like that. Sorry Paradisio, you suck!
Crab & shrimp fritters are good with the Orange Jicama salad.
Really good food and great service.  Not the cheapest option, but as they say "you get what you pay for" and this was worth it.  Gotta try their special margarita, very nice.  Only thing is that a band started up when we were about half way done with our mail and the volume from the band cause our conversation to stop....
While enjoying a delicious lunch, we got to watch our waiter hang out at the wait station and chat, instead of refill our drinks.  We got the refills with our bill.
Bad menu choices, limited selection for expensive food and impolite, unhelpful waitresses.  First bad meal we've eaten since I came to the Disney area.  Came here looking for Latin food and instead they are a Tex-Mex joint with 9 dinner items.  They really should change there name to On the Border with no margaritas. Also all my food was undercooked, with my sopapilla coming out with actual dough batter in them.  Horrible!
Great atmosphere!  Sit outside.. large deck overlooking the lake with live music and sun setting over the lake.  Food was great and not terribly overpriced as you would expect of a restaurant in that location.  Our server Enrique did a great job as well. Looking forward to our next visit.
Good service but the 3 of us were disappointed in the food (my fish taco was not great and the steaks were tough, not tender at all). Great, cool ambiance but too expensive for the quality of food.
Went there for lunch on Friday Sept. 6.  Food was not only BAD but was is the first stages of decay.  We had to return the Fish Tacos, the fruit that my little daughter ate was already turning bad, and this at the top of the harvest season?  She was sick later that PM.  I had a brown caesar salad with a watery dressing.  The only good thing were the french fries with wasabi.  There are to many good restaurants in the area to eat there. AVOID!
good loud live music with amazing service - our waiter replaced a friend's drink after he witnessed her spill it, was able to change my bacon and pineapple burger into a chicken breast burger (absolutely delicious!!), continuously checked up on us, was friendly and helpful, and was able to accommodate us adding an extra 3 people to our party. food was decent (i'm a sucker for burgers and i heard that the ribs are delicious) with beer (even pitchers) and cocktails available but come here for the atmosphere.
Disclaimer: I'm vegetarian, so I'm not always the best judge of food.  But vegetarians can nonetheless tell a rip-off tourist joint from any other.  I ordered a margarita ($12 for ice + some margarita mix, with a splash of bacardi, I think), and, given that there were only two veggie options (a  cheese quesadilla or a veggie burrito), tried ordering the Grilled Chicken Salad, sans the chicken (priced at $13.99 -- but surely they wouldn't charge me that for no chicken).  When I received my meal, I thought the waiter had given me the wrong plate of food because the leafy greens, on what looked like a small/narrow, rectangular serving platter, were so sparse.  Lo and behold, it was I who had erred.  That was indeed my dinner salad: $13.99 for a miniscule pile of greens, accompanied by watery "citrus dressing."  Haven't had food this bad in ages.  Oof.
While this restaurant boasts a menu of the Americas, it is hardly the case.  Instead it is average American fare found in any restaurant attempting to satisfy most and truly impress none.  Don't waste your time (a lot of it) here when you could be comparatively satisfied by even a decent deli or pub.
My sister and I came around 7 on a Saturday night, understanding that it is a busy time for Restaurants. We were told the wait would Be about 30 mins. We went to the bar for a drink while we waited. It took about 15 mins for the bartender to take our order. When we put our drink order in, we also ordered queso dip. About 15 mins later, we asked him again, as we could tell he never put the order in. The dip came about 10 mins later and was very good. However, we had been waiting for close to an hour and still had not been seated. Once our buzzer went off, we waited close to 10 more minutes to be seated. We then found 2 seats at the other bar and sat there to order because we were tired of waiting. I am a vegetarian, so I asked for the enchiladas to be made without meat. When i got my food they gave me cheese quesadillas with rice and beans that I do not think were vegetarian (the enchiladas on the menu come with black beans- I assumed that's what I would be getting). I didn't bother complaining at this point because we had already been there for over 2 hours and were eating at the bar instead of a table as we hoped/waited for. The food itself was pretty good, even though it was not what I wanted.
Poor service.  Food tasted good but was cold.
Extra star for finding a good place, in the middle of a very touristy area; with that in mind, we had dinner on a week night and were pleasantly suprprised.  I expected high prices, low quality and long wait - instead, it turned out to be quite a good dinner, with excellent drinks and some very good deserts (tres leches cake is excellent, so are the empanadas (sp?), chocholate cake was too rich, if i say so myself).  For dinner we ordered various items, including flank steak, sprimp skewer salad, etc.. All was very well presented and tasty.  Appetizers were quite good as well (ordered mac and cheese balls, calamari, sashimi, chips/salsa, etc).  the drinks are worth mentioning, because they have an amazing variety of tequila and some very imaginative drinks.. our mojitos were excellent, sangria, and very good margaritas.  Overall, I didn't expect a good meal in a tourist area, so this place is definitely worth visiting.  It would've been a 3-star review, if this was in a foodie area, but like i said, + 1 star given location.   Weather permitting, do seat outside and enjoy the view (it's also quieter, while you can still hear the live music). The service was very professional, which also warrants a mention.
Went with a large party (12) over spring break. The waiter (Chaz) was fantastic, and the food was great (not to mention the drinks), but there were two new cooks that really screwed things up. The Tortilla chip-based appetizers only had about 12-15 chips each, which really were not enough for the money you pay. They should AT LEAST double the number of chips provided. My son asked for no Jalapenos on his nachos, and my daughter asked for the onions on the side for her skirt steak, and neither showed up how they asked.  One of our party ordered a medium rare hamburger and what showed up was well done.  It took them another 15 minutes to provide another hamburger, and by that time everyone was finished eating dinner.  Nice atmosphere (especially outside), but the live music was a little too loud to have good conversation. I personally think that this restaurant was understaffed for the volume of guests that come through a restaurant of this size. I really like the salsa samplers that we shared, and the Argentinean Skirt Steak was very tasty. Also liked the mangled margarita (although I got brain freeze).
whoa, this place thinks it's some sort of high end lounge, but, well, just cuz you put in the crimson lights and some funky back lit bar stuff doesn't mean you've really managed to be that kind of place...please, try again
I was with a party of 13, so my review is biased because of this.  The waitress we had could not handle a large group.  Because of the length of time it took for drinks to come, she gave us free appetizers.  I had the baja fish tacos, which were really good.  We were there on a Friday night and it was really loud.  Not sure if I would eat here again the next time I return to Orlando.
Bright lights, music, patios, awesome sangria and friendly service. Fabulous fish tacos!  They sure know how to mix a drink! We sat on the patio and enjoyed the people watching while eating and drinking. The portions were great for the price. Great presentation of food!
Good food good live music.  Fish tacos were good and limey, could have used some more bite and less breading.  Enchiladas were good beef better than chicken.  If you time it right on the deck you can watch the magic kingdom fireworks in the distance.
We were seated right away, but it took a good 20 minutes to get our appetizer.  We got the chorizo and steak platter, which was very tasty.  My steak and shrimp combo was good, though the steak was not the star.  We both loved the corn patties.  I would call it a glorified Friday's.
Traveled to WDW from California on vacation and stopped at this spot on cinco de mayo.  We had originally tried to make a reservation through the disney dining number but were told they were booked for the night.  Anticipating a long wait and assuming this was the spot to be we headed down early to the restaurant to be on standby and wait for a table.  Upon arriving we checked at the front desk and were told it was a 35-40 min wait for two and then told they could seat us right away.  As we weren't yet hungry (we thought we'd have to wait at least an hour for a table) we decided to check back later.  They were doing a grande margarita promotion that if you bought this 45oz. drink the refills thereafter would be 50% off.  We bought one to share between the two of us, thinking this was a great deal, although knew they were probably short pouring the drink a little as it was pre-batched.  We walked around and came back to get our refill and walk around some more.  After drinking 90oz. of margarita between the two us and feeling not even the tingle of alcohol (I am a super lightweight) we finally decided to eat.  We again checked in, told there would be a wait, and they told they could seat us right away.  Seemed a little unorganized, but who can complain when both times they can take you right away?  The atmosphere is fun with a large bar and open kitchen, so there is lots to look at.  The food is beautiful to look at, gorgeous presentation on every dish we saw.  Our service was perfect, nothing to rave or complain about.  We ordered another grande margarita (thats 135 oz. for those keeping track) and the chili con carne chip dip, this was decent, I would compare it to the chili at Wendy's (no joke, consistency is the same) albeit it has more heat.  My boyfriend ordered the ceviche and I the chicken enchiladas.  The food came out in a timely manner and looked gorgeous.  I cannot rave enough about their presentation.  The taste however... well where was it?  I'll start with the chicken enchiladas: the chicken was shredded as expected but it was combined with cheese, which made this weird melted blob of chicken goo that had no flavor and was rolled in a tortilla.  The tortilla was crunchy and almost burned on the ends as if it had been sitting in the window or in the salamander for too long.  The rice was undercooked and flavorless and the black beans tasted like beans in water, which is why i assume they drizzle sour cream over it to try and give it some sort of flare.  The ceviche that my boyfriend received was also flavorless, he only took a couple of bites before being so disappointed by it that he pushed it to the side.  I suffered through one of the three enchiladas and followed suit by refusing to eat any more.  So after spending nearly a hundred dollars at this establishment we left completely dissatisfied, hungry, and without a cinco buzz.  I mean really? I had close to 70oz. of their margarita, barely ate anything, am a complete lightweight, and felt nothing?  If this is what is considered decent latin flare in Florida then the standard is set far too low.  Steer clear of this place, you've been warned its a flavorless ripoff.  We still cannot believe how bad the food is, its all we talked about on the way home.
Not impressed with this restaurant but I have to admit most of it was service issues. We sat at the upstairs bar for appetizers, it was somewhat busy but not packed by any means. We asked some questions about the menu and the bartender answered them for us so we placed an order. 45 minutes later and no food, so after we managed to get the bartender's attention (he was watching football), we inquired about the food. His response was priceless, "What food, you guys ordered food?" He had forgotten to order our food! We had a conversation about it guy, come on! On top of that all our drinks were empty, and we had to ask him for new ones. His reponse, "Oh, you guys want more?" When the food did come out it was pretty good but there was a sauce on one of the plates that we could not identify so begrudgingly we asked super star bartender. His answered "Mushroom Ceviche". We literally laughed in his face, mushroom ceviche? Really? Well at least we had plenty of laughs but the service is horrible.
