It was a great place to stop & eat as a family. Tons of tv's with sports on that my boys really enjoyed. My husband really liked the flight of beer.
Love love, we are in Disney for a get away . I think this will be our short term nightly stop.  Bartenders really nice, priced right, and my Oysters Rockefellers were yummy!!!!
Server was awesome, blood orange margarita really hit the spot, and all the food was delicious.  Even the chicken fingers my daughter had were really good!  If you are in Orlando...skip all the chain restaurants and Disney hoo-ha and go here instead!
The Blueberry Wheat Beer is phenomenal- It has a crisp taste the and finishes sweet. I love the blueberry taste is not very overwhelming just right! The buffalo wings had great flavor and a good spicy kick also available in a blueberry Main sauce! Service was great - the waitress was very sweet and attentive! Definitely love this place - lots of TVs for sports viewers. They also have giveaways on Sunday's during halftime. Loved it!
After going to downtown Disney and experiencing the sticker shock of one very small entree and a draft, this place was a very welcome breath of fresh air. First of all, the service was first class thanks to our waiter, Brent - very attentive and made great suggestions. The sunfish ale was so tasty, especially not being a beer drinker. The pints are 5.50 and if you go during happy hour they're half off! The food was fantastic. I got the baked salmon, my boyfriend got the NY strip, and brother and his girlfriend had an apricot chicken sandwich and a blonde ale burger. Everything was literally perfect, and very reasonable. A few more gems about this place: there is corn hole and a giant connect four outside by a fire, they have fantastic sweet potato fries and garlic mash. Definitely will be returning when in Orlando.
Really great sports bar with delicious food and warm, lovely service.  We stopped in for burgers, and were really pleased with what we got.   Meatball appetizer was completely awesome.  Decent meatballs (I'm from north jersey, I've had some crazy good meatballs), with incredible, homemade sauce and tons of melted mozzarella.  Loved every morsel. Burger selections were really yummy, although both our burgers were quite overcooked. Onion rings on the side were excellent. With TVs everywhere in a clean, comfy and spacious bar with good food, this is the perfect place to watch a game and dine if you're in the area!
They have a great happy hour! All apps are half price. The buffalo dip and shrimp cocktail were my favs. The shrimp are huge! The only downfall is the parking lot is always pretty crowded.
Hands down the best service we remember having at a restaurant in the longest time. Todd our waiter was funny,engaging,gave good recommendations and was constantly checking on us. Having been former New Englanders who use to frequent Federal Jack's Pub in Kennebunk,ME and familiar with the Shipyard brand, we were looking forward to checking out Sea Dogs. The food was great. The lobster roll was filled with an overflowing amount of lobster chunks. The fried scallop plate could have used a few more scallops for the price, but was tasty. The kids had a good selection off their menu. We left the restaurant very impressed with the experience and Highly recommend Todd. Hope to stop by again when in the area.
Great beers, good food and decent atmosphere for watching the Sunday afternoon games with a large group were the highlights of this visit. Service seemed a little slow, but we skipped the appetizer and went straight to meals, which takes some time with a group of ten. The only other drawback was that part of our table was in the path of the AC making a few seats a little breezy. Several of us ordered beers which were all very tasty. I had the Pumpkinhead ale and it was great, a switch from my normal choices but excellent especially with the spices on the glass. Food was delicious. I had the Game Changer with onion rings. Great portion and an excellent burger. My wife had the pulled pork sandwich and I tried a couple bites. Good flavor and very tender meat.  Another order at our table was the lobster Mac and cheese which looked awesome. Huge chunks of lobster and another good portion size. My older boys are in that strange zone between kids menu and adult menu, but they got the sliders off the kids menu cause they weren't super hungry. Turned out that the two mini burgers and fries weren't quite enough for them, but the burgers themselves were good. Leftover fries from adults and a leftover chicken tender from their little sis covered their appetites. Chicken tenders were good but there was a lot of crisp breading on otherwise tender chicken but my daughter was a little disappointed. My nephews got the kids spaghetti and meatballs which was great with delicious meatballs.   Good overall experience and we would come back, but a couple of tweaks to get to five stars.
Sea dog has a large bar with a large seating area. We went on a Sunday night and it was maybe a quarter full.  They have TV's all over this place so its a nice spot to catch an NFL or college football game. They sell Shipyard and Sea Dog products.  I had a Shipyard xxxx IPA and a Sea dog IPA.  I wasnt overly excited about either.  They have a small batch brewery in the corner.  Im not sure if its just for looks or if they actually brew anything in house. I had a pot roast sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese.  I found the mac and cheese to be bland but the spiral macaroni was cooked nicely.  The sandwich was nothing out of the ordinary.   Large portion with a creamy horseradish sauce.   Id put it in the category with the other chain restaurants out there.  If youre expecting a "real" brewery experience youll be disappointed.
This place was pretty disappointing. To start, the hostess was rude, then our table wasn't ready when they brought us over to it; and, when someone asked another employee to clean it off, he glared at her and walked away. The gator bites are a bit over seasoned and over priced. $11.99 for 12 small pieces of alligator. In general the food had too much seasoning and herbs, not a single person at the table finished their meal for various reasons. The beer was good, but wasn't served cold, so... All in all, this place was a supreme let down.
Stopped by for happy hour.  The "real feel" was 108 so we bailed on Disney early, plus we're fans of their beers.   Loaded up on the 1/2 price apps (gator bites, conch fritters, wings, hummus) and had 3 rounds.  At the 1/2 price the apps were a good deal, the rest of the menu had some dishes that looked interesting, but the appetite wasn't there due to the heat.   Nice touch dropping blueberries into the Blueberry ale.  Could have had another half-dozen Sunfishes if I didnt have to drive back to the hotel.  Staff was friendly.  Will stop back again next time in Orlando
Yummy. Everything I had was amazing. Oysters good, breakfast shot was ridiculous, and my bbq shrimp and grits were the bomb and the beer was good. If I loved here it would be one of my favs.
Great place to eat. Good food, good beer. I was disappointed they were out of several beers on the menu. Clean, staff was friendly, food took the correct amount of time to get to the table.
Service was awesome! We were seated promptly and are server Leah was great!!! Leah got me a sample of the pumpkin beer. She suggest that I try it with nutmeg and sugar on the rim. This combination sounds funny but it rounded off the flavor.  Great idea. I had a cup of the clam chowder. It was very good! My girlfriend grew up in NH. She says it's as good as the chowder up north. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with tater tots ($1.99 up charge). The tots were pretty good. The sandwich left a little to be desired, being dry and clumpy like tuna, before you mix it with stuff, but after you drain it. My girlfriend had the pulled pork nachos. The nachos came out cold after a bit of a wait. The taste was good the sauce was sweet and the pork was the same as my sandwich so it was a touch on the dry side. The manger was nice enough to comp a dessert for us because of the wait. We didn't really feel there was a wait but we aren't one to turn down a free dessert. We split the creme brûlée cheesecake back at the hotel. It was really good. The sugar crust was better than a couple fancy places I have been to. In closing we will be back!!!! Most likely on are way back home.
This review is for the bar only. We stopped in after enjoying some time at Player One Bar on the other side of the plaza. Our bartender, Lauren, was super nice. I ordered their draft root beer, which was amazing. My boyfriend ordered the Sea Dog Summer Ale, which he says was really great as well. We looked over the menu while we were sitting at the bar and we'll definitely be back to try the dining room!
I was not very familiar with this brewery but it seems like most of their offerings are brewed with fruit, maybe all of them. Great happy hour prices, cool shirts, mostly friendly staff. I would bring someone here who isn't a beer drinker, lots of easy going beers here.
We found the sea dog out of sheer chance! It's located in a small shopping Center tucked away in the corner, they sell excellent beer/food which is reasonably priced! The waiter that served us was todd who is an amazing asset to this place and made us feel very welcome from the get go! Todd for president!!!!!
This is a really nice brew pub that is definitely worth visiting. I would much rather drive over here than visit most of the over crowded spots in downtown Disney. It's really close, just off I-4, but also easily accessible without taking I-4 (which is the real way to drive to anything around the Disney/Universal area south of Orlando, by avoiding I-4 at all costs). We started with the pretzels and beer cheese - which are by far the best I have had in Florida. Now, it's beaten by places elsewhere in the US, but in Florida, this is the best I have had so far. The beer cheese is pretty yummy and the pretzels aren't super pretzels, which is a huge accomplishment it seems in the entire state of Florida. Yum, yum, get these. My husband chose the garlic burger - which was quite yummy, although overcooked. The garlic aioli was delicious. The fries (which came with both of our dishes) were OK - nothing special, but pretty great dipped in our left over beer cheese from the pretzels. I got the pulled pork sandwich which I really didn't like - the pork was too fatty, had bad texture, and lacked in taste. I was happy to get some Maine Blueberry BBQ on the side to add flavor, but it didn't make the lacking quality of the meat any better. The beers of course are delicious. If you haven't had Sea Dog or Shipyard (both served here, same company) beers before, definitely stop in. The Maine Blueberry is a long time fave of mine as it's almost always sold at World of Beers. We also enjoyed some seasonal beers like the Sunfish and Apricot, as well as a sampler. They have a good variety of things, and their beers (a lot of them being fruity/wheaty) are perfect for Florida weather.
Gotta love their fruity beers laced with juice and 2.50 mimosas/bloody marys. I honestly don't think I need to say much more than that to answer the question of why this place gets at least 4.5 stars. They give you tasters to let you see which beer you want, flights of 4 beers are 7 bucks and the beer itself is just good. Beers I liked: Export, blueberry ale, Old Thumper, brown ale, Raspberry Check it out if you're ever in the area. (Didn't try the food so don't ask me about that) P.S. Props to you, Laura the bartender, for being so quick with the service and changing the channel back to the World Cup.
Amazing salmon burger. Husband had the game changer burger, venison and bison burger! OMG hands down THE BEST BURGER EVER. Beer selection was great. Would definitely return !
For $7 you can get a beer sampler which seems like a no-brainer.   I decided to try all the fruit beers.  The watermelon was meh....the apricot and rasberry were tasty, but the best was the grapefuit-ish tasting beer, the Sunfish ale.  It wasn't overly sweet and light.  I was going to get the lobster mac & cheese but the server told me that for a few dollars more I could get the whole damn lobster and she threw in a side of mac and cheese at no extra charge.  The lobster was good.  The mac & cheese was also decent but VERY salty.  It was certainly not worth the $22 price tag on it's own (the going rate that day for lobster mac & cheese).  Our server was super nice and kept checking on us without being annoying.  Mid way through she had to leave and brought the new server over who was equally nice.   The place is huge, great for a crowd watching sports.  This is a nice place to go for a decent beer and meal.  They have a menu with nice variety so if someone wants to eat on the cheaper side (i.e. sandwich) or doesn't like seafood there are plenty of wallet friendly options that will make them happy.
Food 3 stars - raw oysters, fresh and good - i had swordfish - it was overcooked Beer - good Ambiance - 4 stars - it has an industrial look, really cool , live band
I think this place is ok.  Its your typical microbrew/restaurant type establishment, with a focus on seafood.  Overall I thought the food was good, however the service was lacking.  They did have options for vegetarians, which I liked.   Food was 3-4 Service was 2-3.
Very good food, and very good atmosphere. We shared the pulled pork nachos - awesome! Wife had the lobster Mac n cheese - pretty good, but very pricy (even for lobster!) I had the "game changer". Good burger, but wasn't cooked the way I asked for. I also had the summer shipyard beer - crisp and perfect for a summer day! Service was a tad slow
We had a really good meal here. We came for happy hour and got a lot of good apps and drinks. The server was very nice and gave us some free samples of special beers they had on tap. The wings and oysters were the best things on the happy hour menu. The nachos were good but very soggy at the bottom from the pulled pork juices. I would like to go back and try food off the regular menu. Their burgers sound delish!
Happened upon this place entertaining a friend staying in the tourist side of town.  This place has a really nice build out and the staff acts as if they care.  There's a good vibe to this place, and that is huge. Half off apps and drafts until 7pm on weekdays is a great deal.  We had oysters, clams, Irish meatballs, lobster mac n cheese and authentic New England clam chowder along with eight drinks for $60.    The food is done right and the chef AJ knows what he is doing and it shows in their offerings.  Highly recommend it if you are looking for a good brew pub.   I can't give it five stars because they only offer Seadog brews.  But if you're a craft beer nerd and have an aversion to their beers, give them another shot.  There are plenty on tap that are delicious and serviceable especially at $3 a pop.  They also have wine and liquor, but the main draw for me to come back was how well the food was made.  Top notch for the price range!
Enjoyed the beers and the service, but the food choices were less than exciting.  I asked the bartender what he recommended, and he said the special.  Not sure if it was to upsell or to steer me towards what was going to expire soon, but I had a grouper special.  It had "fresh" vegetables, gumbo, and rice.  I tired it all and ate about half of the fish, but everything else was beyond forgettable unfortunately.
In our search of a place for lunch with decent Yelp reviews, we found Sea Dog, which was located in the same shopping center where we picked up our tickets for the theme parks. Sea Dog is a large, spacious restaurant that's good for watching sporting events, hanging out with large groups of friends or just eating a meal with family.  The bar is separate from the main dining area.   We ordered the buffalo chicken wings to start.  They were fine and I thought they were pretty tasty, not too spicy but with enough of a kick to keep my tongue tingling. I ordered the mahi mahi sandwich and enjoyed it.  The fish was moist and tender, and the remoulade did not overwhelm the fresh veg or the fish.  I was looking for something light and this hit the spot.   My friend, who ate most of the wings, also ordered some peel-and-eat shrimp.   Overall the food was enjoyable and was better than what most chains offer.  They  have a good selection of beers on tap.  This is definitely one of the better dining options in the area and a great place for watching games or hanging out with a large group. It was fairly empty during lunch time but I'd bet that the place sees a lot more people in the evening.
I was staying at a hotel across the street from this place, a group of friends came over to visit and we went to this place guided by the good reviews in Yelp. Food is good, beer is cold, but you need try them before hand to see which one you like. Prices are very reasonable for Orlando and the place is huge, they have games and live music at night. Good for families with kids. Good menu selection at good prices.  This is a no brainer.
Great food + great beer + great service = a great time!  My brother wanted to check out a microbrewery in the Kissimmee area.  For appetizers we had the black and bleu chips and the gator bites.  Gator bites were nicely fried with an awesome, tangy and zesty dipping sauce.  I had the Game Changer burger: nice blend of beef, bison and venison, with bacon and bbq sauce.  it was cooked a little over the requested temp, but nothing to complain about.  For dessert, we were recommended the Earthquake Cake.  Soooooo much chocolate, sooooooo rich, soooooooo couldn't finish it, it was really good.  Our server, Lauren, was awesome, made us feel right at home, gave great beer and food recommendations, and matched witty banter with us.  We'll be coming back when we're back in the Orlando area.
We started with a spinach and artichoke dip that came with focaccia. There was plenty of bread and cheese, and it came out piping hot. I also had a shaved steak and cheese sandwich. While it was an up charge, I got the tater tots which were cooked perfectly. The steak sandwich had a cheese sauce, peppers and onions, and was good, but quite messy. Portion sizes on all the food were larger than expected. Overall it was an average meal for a more than average price.
This place was just okay. They were out of half of their own brews ! The food is way overpriced for what you get . $21 for lobster mac and cheese and this dish is tiny!!! I got fried calamari it was good but maybe two whole calamari on the plate with one set of legs . The waitress was very talkative, which I guess was better then her not being around but I really didn't care about her life story and adventures.
Great beer list and amazing food. Especially the fish. Tried the Mahi Special and fish tacos. Both tasty and the fish was fresh. Grab some suds while you're at it! Great selection and you're sure to find a beer for any palate!
Had lunch here while on vacation in Orlando (theme parks and all that). Saw an employee holding up a poster on the side of the road with details about it and most importantly for me - that it had craft beers. Spending your vacation at Disney will keep you exposed to a lot of generic food spots, and Orlando in general has a lot of chains. Though I understand Seadog isn't a small/local only joint, it definitely isn't a Fridays or Chilis nor does it even give that vibe. I got here at about late noon and they had a football (soccer) match on their TVs by the bar. If I lived in Orlando this would definitely be a plus for me since I like catching games at pubs/restaurants. Service from the host/waiter was really great and friendly. Pretty big place too. Ordered the beer sampler for $7 that gives you a decent amount of different beers so you can try them out (photos posted on here). Though the craft beer selection was mostly just Seadog and Shipyard beers they had a good  variety in terms of taste/kind of beer. Ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich which was okay. Overall it has a good  vibe, and seems like a great place to spend a night and not just a lunch. I see it as primarily a place to grab good drinks with friends but grab a bite if you get hungry -  or if you want a lunch at something better than the Hooters across the lot. Definitely recommend it!
Roomy, comfortable place with great atmosphere. Band was good, played at just the right level , enjoyable, but still allowed for conversation. I had tasty conch fritters, which were half off during happy hour, a sampling if four beers for a very reasonable $7 ( full price) and tasty fish tacos. My waiter, Todd, was phenomenal. All around great experience.
This is my favorite pub in Orlando. I know it's not "local" but it's a taste of New England that I miss. I fell in love with Sea Dog at the S. Portland location. If anything else replaced Eggspectations I would have been upset. So thank you whomever decided to open a location here. That all being said, the beer here is fantastic. Quad X (XXXX IPA) is a great beer if you want to get a bang for your buck. Apricot and blueberry are my next two favorites, respectively. Also thank you to this location for having apricot on tap. The other location almost always only had bottles. I can't tell you anything about their cocktails because I always go for their beer. The wine list has the selection you would expect for a pub- maybe slightly more refined. As for the food... I love the oysters. The prices have gone up a few times for happy hour but they are still a bargain. There is a tiki style raw bar that you can sit at. As of now there are no seats there so I am not sure what is up with that. Try anything made with the blueberry beer a shot. That is their signature beer and makes anything they put it in awesome. As far as the service goes, I have never had a bad experience. Table service comes with slow refills. That is the only down side. Only one bartender has remembered me, maybe that's a good thing on my part. Last time we visited the waiter was super. Because of his service my partner is willing to come and eat here now. He does not even drink. The waiter, and management, allowed him to create his own Parmesan fries and customize the boneless wings we ordered. Finally, join the mug club. Extra beer with every mug!
Positively one of the better nights I've had in a long time with friends. This place is located right off the interstate in Orlando and it's kind of tucked away in a shopping center. When we first got out we went in and noticed that we were walking into a vacant building, when we got back to the car we decided to go to another restaurant when I said let's just try around the back so we did. Thank you for my stomach not wanting to wait another five minutes to find another restaurant we found it. Walking into the restaurant they have games outside and as you come inside they show you to your seats and if you look to the right you'll see the brewery. We sat towards the patio which was nice and cozy.  I kinda wish we have gotten a booth or at least lowers seats because after a few sample trays I felt way too high off the ground. The first two rounds we all had their sampler,  I got a few different ones.  The one that stood out the most was the blueberry beer.  It's amazing how they got it to taste so much like fresh blueberries.  My second favorite was a dark stout that I can't remember the name of but was just absolutely amazing.  Someone in our group ordered mostly flavored ones and the waiter in a funny way noted how fruity they were lol your getting a great tip jk. The food was terrific and seasoned well.  I order the pressed Cuban with fries.  Was very good not much more you can really rant about other than your a fruit but that was more funny then anything. When in Orlando visit sea dog brewing you won't regret it at all.
In from Detroit, stopped here for a beer. The beer was not up to my Michigan microbrew standards; however, the blueberry and raspberry ales were delicious.  Split the steak salad with a friend and the meat and artichokes were perfectly cooked, yum. Also tried the calamari which was a heavier breading than i prefer but still very tasty. The decor is great, a rustic urban chic. The waitstaff all very attentive and nice (and nice to look at). Would recommend to all for a stop. A nice break from chain restaurant alley.
We checked yelp to see where to watch football while on a vacation weekend in the Disney area & this place was listed.  I do not recommend going there if you are truly interested in watching a game. The food was decent, the bartender was great & the beer was fine.  The problem was that they are not really sure if they are a sports bar or not & need to decide.  There were several tables watching the game we wanted to see & even the bartender said the sound should be on. The place was mostly empty & 80's music was playing, but the manager said she would not put on sound of a game. We ended up leaving to go watch the rest of it at Hooters next door.   Too bad.
Love this place. Although we only get to go here a couple times a year, we make sure it fits in our schedule any time we're in Orlando. Big fans of Sea Dog brewery. They have the best lobster in the state of Florida, and being born and raised in Maine- we would know!  Wish we could hang out longer.
I really enjoyed my experience at Sea Dog. Let me tell you, it is a chore to get me off the Disney property once I'm there, and I'm usually inclined to dislike most of the second rate places around it. But this place was great. It was a nice size with a fantastic staff, and a GREAT craft beer menu. All of the beers are tasty and the price is fair. They even write each beer flavor on a chalkboard which lines up with your tray, so you know exactly what your drinking. Haven't eaten the food yet, but if I do, maybe I'll change this 4 star review to a 5 star review. Enjoy.
Recent trip to Orlando. What a gem! In a strip mall like set up, tucked in the corner. We were immediately greeted by a wonderfully friendly hostess named Michelle. She had a big bright smile and welcomed us in from a long day. Funny to say that, a long day in Orlando --- on vacation! But nevertheless still a long day! We had been at a waterpark the entire day, about 10 hours and were super tired and hungry. It started raining so hard and so fast that everyone and everything was drenched within a matter of minutes. The raindrops were huge I wouldn't even say golf balls, I mean HUGE!!!! Being that we were still wet and it was early evening we asked to sit outside on the covered patio where it may have been warmer. (Inside the restaurant they obviously had the air on, it is July in Florida) Michelle was courteous and immediately accommodate us onto the back patio. There was no one else seated out there but quickly found someone to attempt to light portable heaters for our table. Unfortunately, it was raining very hard and being that we were on the back patio we were starting to get quite wet. We decided to ditch the idea of sitting on the back patio (and the heaters) and went inside. It was chilly but we wound up being fine. We had the most friendly waitress by the name of Beth. She is great with the kids and helped with beer and menu selections. She recommended a beer called Sunfish. As well as a signature blueberry beer that was quite delicious. The meal was wonderful, the atmosphere was great, the beer was great, and especially the courteous service we received from everyone. Everyone had a smile on their face and seemed very interested to help in anyway they could. Even the person helping to clear the tables was overly friendly and asked us about our stay and where we were from. If your staying around this restaurant, definitely give it a try, I do not think you'll be disappointed. Five stars all day, wish we had one near us!
We had great fun at this place, even after arriving there almost at closing time.  They were quite accommodating to the fact that we were very hungry and a family group, and one has to always be thankful to hosting us in such a manner. Tried different beers and it all depends and how you feel about home brewing beer and your taste buds, but we liked what was placed in front of us. The food was more the appetizer kind, because the kitchen was already closed, so getting something in front was a privilege.  They were kind enough to wait for us to order and serve us. That attitude only wins customers, the loyal kind.
What a nice alternative to The Ale House.  We took a chance the other day because we were looking for a casual/kid friendly place to have dinner.  I've heard great things about this place so I decided to check it out. Our server was attentive and super friendly. My parents both ordered the Turkey BLT and loved it, their only issue was that it was too big, they said that one would've fed the both of them. My husband, who can be difficult to please ordered the Bacon Burger, and loved it.  He especially liked the roll that it was served on.   For myself, I ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese which was excellent.  On my way out of the restaurant I noticed a tank of lobsters which would explain the freshness of the dish.   Great experience; we will definitely be back.
Food was excellent. Beer amazing. I got a fruity flight; blueberry, apricot, watermelon and sea dog summer ale (squirt a little fresh lemon in it). YUM! Service was outstanding. Beth made the dining experience very enjoyable! Everyone should definitely visit. They need to open one in the Florida panhandle.
I'm a big fan of Sea Dog's blueberry beer, so I was pretty excited to visit the brewery in Orlando. By the entrance there is a huge, life-size game of connect-4 and this fun sack throwing game as well. I thought that was a cute touch. :) Inside it was roomy and had that "Ye olde wooden pub" kind of feeling. The hostesses sat us promptly and our waitress was incredibly sweet and knowledgable when it came to the beers and menu. The apple head beer was excellent! It comes with a cinnamon sugar rim. It's just like drinking apple pie! Our server also recommended another beer that was quite tasty, but the name escapes me. Sunshine something. As far as food goes, this isn't your ordinary bar food. It is a full fledged restaurant with delicious menu options. We had a very tasty burger, but my favorite entree was definitely the lobster macaroni. I didn't leave a single bite!! Id definitely return if I was in the area again. :)
I have been here twice since I moved to Windermere and I have to say I really LOVE it. The staff is so friendly and try their best to cater to your every need. I absolutely love their BluePaw Blueberry Ale... My second time I had the SunFish Ale and it was really good as well. Leah, our waitress the second time, was more than willing to bring us small samples of different beers.  I tried the Smashed Pumpkin Ale and I really enjoyed that tasting. The first time I went, I ordered the bacon burger without onions or pickles. It was brought to my table with onions and pickles. After explaining this to the waitress, she was very sorry and ordered me a whole new plate on the house as well as one round of beers for my boyfriend and I. I am looking forward to joining their club and will be visiting more often. Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm is one part of happy hour. Beers and appetizers are half price!
This is a seadog brewery.  Cool inside.  Good place for a drink but food was awful! Bar food with no taste.  Had oyster they were big but no taste, the shrimp tasted like soap,  chicken sandwich no taste. Sweet potato fries were good. BBQ shredded pork nachos no taste. My 8 year old grandson didn't like anything.  You know that sad.  Go for a beer not food.
This place is pretty good! I am a big fan of the Sea Dog and Shipyard beers so when I saw this place I had to try it.  I was a little concerned that it is in tourist central hell but it is just far enough away from 535 that it was an enjoyable visit. Plenty of drafts all carrying the Sea Dog and Shipyard varieties. Try a sampler! I had the blackened mahi sandwich which was really good. I went with the slaw on the side. The best was the ice cold peel and eat shrimp. I ordered 10 and they were huge! Live music when I went cranking out the acoustic 90's alternative. I felt right at home.
Excellent brewery and being in LBV surprisingly not too crowded (must have been an off day). They have live music, tons of seating, human sized games (connect four, jenga, etc) outside and an amazing selection of BEERS! I mean this is why I came here, I couldn't wait to get my Blueberry Sea Dog! But wait, I spyed Apricot and that's what I got! The beer truly is the main event but food selections are surprisingly good, too! I got a strawberry & feta salad w/ grilled chicken. It was very fresh my only wish was for a little more dressing (Basil vinegarette, to die for) and more feta. My husband got the garlic burger and was very pleased with it. Wished I got here for the Happy Hour, will be back to try that, for sure!
I was in town at a hotel close by so we could walk to the Sea Dog and we did several times through the week.  I was with a large group and I know the rest of the team wandered in a couple of times during the week. The hotel recommended the Sea Dog and the only regret is that I didn't taste the lobster mac and cheese.  I enjoy a good brew put and locally crafted beers and the Sea Dog did not disappoint.  Everyone in my party tried a large selection of the menu and everyone was pleased with their meals. The service was outstanding and made for a very enjoyable evening!  Business trips and dinner after a long day is great when it can be casual, unwind with your co-workers, have a few laughs and be thoroughly entertained with your service staff.  Johnny and Victoria gave us a great evening after a long day and many laughs while they served some great food! Keep it up and I will be back.  I usually dislike coming to Orlando on business, but I now have a favorite place to visit! Michele
Was trying to waste an afternoon away and found this little gem. A little hard to find without a GPS but well worth it. Loved the fact they let me get a cup of soup as a side with no extra charge. The Ruben was excellent! Large beer menu. Now that I know where this restaurant is I WILL BE BACK!
Sea Dog is pretty good for being in the middle of nowhere Orlando--it was a nice place to stop in while at a conference. It's not on the typical restaurant drag, but that also means that I can find a seat at the bar when 37,000 people are in town. The beer is good. I love microbreweries, so I'm always willing to support one that I think is doing a good job. While I'm a hoppy beer girl, I loved the beer that had the blueberries in it--a great way to freshen up a beer. The food was also good. I don't generally expect much from places the focus on beer, but I was pleasantly surprised about how good the food was. The service was pretty good as well, even though we were at the bar on a very crowded night. Definitely check it out if you're looking to add some new beers to your life. Next time, I too will try the lobster mac-n-cheese.
I've heard about this company from another source a few years ago & now Central Florida has its very own Sea Dog! I think the atmosphere is very unique to match the sea life experience with fisherman accessories. Sea Dog is known for its Ales. So I had the Sea Dog Pale Ale. This was perfect me because I love that light refreshing taste from a cold beer. All Pints are $5!! They offer more drinks than just Ale. There are Wines, Cocktails, & Coke products. The prices seem very reasonable like $7-$18 for an appetizer. You can order a Small or Large portion of the App. I had the Fried Calamari for an App. It was amazing!! The entrees range from sea food meals to various sandwiches. They also have pasta & burgers. To my surprise they have a Game burger. It's called, "Game Changer." It has 100% Beef, Bison, & Venison for the meat. It also has different toppings like a blueberry BBQ sauce. If you like game meat, try this entree because you will love it!! I thought the portion size was perfect in my opinion. The taste was right on with the different toppings, sauces, and flavors combined. The restaurant does have the feeling of a sports bar environment with large tvs, bars, high top tables, and a loud noise factor level. I would suggest this place a great place for a meeting among friends for some Ale & awesome food. Also, if you love sports, stop on in to enjoy a game on one of the tvs. Overall, I enjoyed this place. I think this place is a great stop for a great burger & Ale.
My wife, dad, and I all sat down here for a great meal last week. I had the 2 different blueberry beers offered on the menu.  The smashed blueberry beer was dark like a Guinness and heavy.  The other one was lighter and delicious with the blueberries floating on top.  I did also sip the raspberry beer my wife had on her sampler.  It was amazing! Had a couple of appetizers: buffalo dip (needed more chips, I ended up dipping my fries in it) & the pretzel sticks.  They were both good. For dinner I had the Game Changer burger.  A blend of bison, beef, venison, & some bacon on top for a 4 meat burger.  Amazing!  Loved the blueberry BBQ sauce on top.  The fries were great and even better dipped in buffalo dip! Finished off dinner with the blueberry tiramisu.  I don't think my dad quite knew what tiramisu was but afterwards he was a fan!  He said, "That was quite possibly the best dessert I've had out at dinner in years!"  My wife had the chocolate cake (with chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate).  It wasn't as good as the tiramisu, but we took it home and enjoyed it again the next night! We'll definitely be back and probably on Thursday again.  Instead of bar trivia, they have bar scavenger hunts starting around 5:30 Thursday!
While in Orlando I turned to yelp for a change of pace.  Long story short I found Sea Dog.  The location itself is in an older shopping center.  The shopping center actually looks desolate.  We went on a Saturday and it was pretty impressive to see them roasting a pig out front.  The atmosphere here is pretty cool, I wasn't  expecting so many TV's, nor was I expecting the cleanliness, place was spotless.  There is plenty of room, booths and tables are spread well apart and not on top of each other.       We were greeted immediately, the same person who greeted us was our server, she was great.  She was well versed with the menu selections and knew about all the specially brew beers.  Her personality was super friendly, but not overbearing.       I had the clam chowder and a buffalo chicken sandwich.  The soup was thick and loaded with clams, had overall a great flavor and homemade appeal.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was good too, not too spicy but a nice mild buffalo sauce.  Great find.
Nice atmosphere.  Walked right in expecting a crowd, but the place was empty.  Calamari appetizer was mediocre at best, it came out cold, but the aioli was very good!! Bartender was kinda clueless.
We have a house in Maine so we're familiar with Sea Dog in South Portland, ME. I felt slightly weird about going to a Maine restaurant whilst in Florida but what the heck. Although in a fairly nondescript strip mall Sea Dog is a really great place. Big fire columns welcome you. It's casual, friendly, good food with great beer. All of the beers are brewed by Sea Dog (so not the place to come to if you want a Bud Light). You can do a taster of the beers - getting 4 or 8 mini little glasses. Excellent cocktail and wine list. I had some kind of blueberry cocktail and it was tasty but super strong. Depending on the heat, there's a nice porch out back with fire pit tables. They often have live music. Great place for large groups. I'm a big fan of the Jalapeño burger.
Stopped by on a whim with the family and was not disappointed. I had the clam chowder as an appetizer and it was quite good. I also had their fresh catch samon with steamed vegetables and rice, did not disappoint. The staff all seemed nice, our waitress was great. Had their wheat ale, pretty tasty. My wife had their root beer with a shot of vanilla vodka (bartender recommended) and was very pleased. I'd go back in a heartbeat and definitely recommend.
Amazing food, amazing service, great atmosphere, very clean.   Ordered oysters, 15 minutes later apologized for delay, gave us the oysters for free and was extremely pleased with every aspect including clean facilities.   A+++
Beers were okay, Service was great. Food was blah. What drew me in was thier patio passing the highway :)
I have been to Sea Dog four times now, and it has been consistently average.  The food is just OK, the beer is just OK, and the staff is just OK, It's just an OK place.  The thing that sells it for me is the live music, Happy Hour and late night specials. I also like the fact that they serve Shipyard beer in addition to their own.  I do wish they had other craft beers though.  The worst thing I had was the hummus.  It really doesn't not have much flavor.  The best thing that I have tried on the menu is the game changer burger.  It has bison, beef, veal and bacon on it..So you pretty much have your entire farms livestock covered.  The sweet potato fries are also good. So if you are looking for an "OK" place, look no further.  Definitely worth the trip for Happy Hour. #Yelp100
After my friend ( a veteran server) left for another venue, we didn't want to go back but had had several great times with fab food - so we did.  It was soooo disappointing.  No more big visible raw bar to pick your meal from.   Most of the seafood  we had before is no longer on the menu.  It seems SeaDog is more interested in competing with their strip mall neigbors for bar sales than having repeat business for their food.  I don't want meatballs at a place called Sea Dog!!!  Gator bites and conch fritters too salty for my taste and not enough (any??) chunk meat.  Mahi tacos good but dripping wet (?).  Mac n cheese dreadful but at least not Kraft.  BTW -  heard their Clearwater location closed.  'Nuff said.
Had a great time at SeaDogs. We went on a Thursday night and discovered they have a bar scavenger night, which seemed really fun. We got there 30 minutes after it started and were there to visit with my father in law, so we didn't join in the fun. We plan on going back to it though We ordered some happy hour appetizers, buffalo chicken dip (which didn't seem to have much chicken in it) and the pretzel rolls with ale cheese. Those were sooooo delicious. I also ordered a beer flight, four 4 ounce beers for $6. That's a pretty good price, I've seen higher For entree I ordered the bacon ale cheese burger. Only thing I wasn't happy about was that pickles come on the burger. It says nothing about that in the menu. I find pickles disgusting. Thankfully it was in the middle of the burger, not touching the bread, which tends to soak up the pickle juice. I pulled off the tomato it was touching and the waiter brought me a new one. I had to remove a few of the homemade potato chips (omg so good!) because there are also pickles on the plate. Maybe I'm strange in my pickle aversion, but I wish I knew. Next time, I'll be asking for no pickles! Had 2 desserts, blueberry tiramisu and chocolate cake. Both good, chocolate cake huge, I removed the ice cream from it and took half of it home. I'll be back!
Well done overall. Oysters on the half shell were very inconsistent in size and NOT shucked well. Bits of shell in every one but the nectar was still there. Pan seared scallops were cooked perfectly and while the sauce was a little too gingery for me, I admit it's a personal preference. Fried shrimp were large and firm, well cooked with a nice crispy coating. The lobster mac?  Well it was pretty good since I had to sneak my fork in to snatch a bite before my daughter snarfed it all down. All in all a good dining experience. A little loud for a family dinner but it IS a brew house so no deductions for that. I would come again. PS. Cocktail sauce should not contain relish. Blech. Too sweet and pickly.
Better than an Ale House, but nothing amazing. We came here to eat since we were already in the mall to check out Player One. Skip the "Irish" meatballs, nothing Irish about them. My Sea Dog Apricot Chicken sandwich was tasty, nothing to complain about there. The Game Changer burger that my friend ordered wasn't quite the game changer he had hoped for, even with the blueberry BBQ sauce the cook forgot to put on initially. Not bad if you're already here, but Orlando has a lot more to offer elsewhere.
If I am going to have a beer, I like to try the local brews.  I ordered a flight and the waitress helped me mix it up to my liking.  My fav was the Brown Ale much to my surprise.  Thanks to me, everyone else at the table ordered their favs because they all tasted off of my flight.  Now on to the food - I ordered the lobster roll upon recommendation and all I can say is OMG.  LOTS of lobster and not a lot of sauce to cover up the taste - it was perfect.  I will admit that when my plate came out, I thought the roll would be bigger - however, it was actually more than I could eat - they stuffed a pound and a half of lobster in that thing!   Someone at the table ordered a whole lobster but didn't want to open it so the waiter did it for him - that was above and beyond if you ask me.   Someone else had a burger - huge - and said it was really good.  Hubby had the blackened fish sandwich and I got one bite which was very tasty and he took several of my lobster roll.  Guess who ordered the best on the menu?  Yep, this girl did. Will definitely go back to this pub on next visit to Orlando.  They had live music going and it was just a great chill out night atmosphere.
Located behind Crossroads, I believe Sea Dog is still a hidden gem. The location has plenty of seating room and I wish it had a 2nd bar out on the patio deck. It has a warehouse/industrial look to it and is very inviting with the two space heaters up front and giant Connect Four game. This place is great if you're looking to meet up with friends for a hang out. For those of you in the hospitality industry getting off work at late hours, they do have a fantastic happy hour menu with 1/2 off drafts and appetizers. My favorite beer is hands down the Sea Dog Blueberry beer served with fresh blueberries. The buffalo chicken dip is go to choice on the appetizer menu. While I love this place I'm giving it 3 stars because of one particular time I went in for actual dinner. When I asked the server about the buffalo chicken sandwich he recommended it. I was torn between that and a burger. Since the server was so energetic about the sandwich I ended up ordering it and hating it. I just didn't like the texture or taste of the breaded chicken (which reminded me of a schnitzel and I love those!). Anyways the server offered me something else and I chose to do the lobster bisque but without the lobster chunks in it. Apparently you need to pay more for there to be lobster bits in it.... weird. I should've ordered the add on lobster chunks but that wasn't going to change how bad the bisque itself was. It was more like a thick paste. Needless to say I could barely finish it but I didn't want to return it to the kitchen and be that person. Since then I've just stuck to happy hours and the appetizers. I just wasn't convinced to come back and have a full meal here.
The beer was great, although I wish there were more options. Sea Dog isn't a huge brewery though and I really enjoyed the beers they did have. The pumpkin beer with the cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar rim was absolutely phenomenal and only $2.something. If you go in the autumn season, I highly recommend this beer! I also did a 4 beer taster for $6 which in my opinion was a pretty good deal. The food was just alright; although it's styled to be something along the lines of a "New England Gastropub" so I knew going in that any non-seafood item wasn't going to be amazing. I had the garlic burger, Caesar salad, and creme brûlée cheesecake. All good, just not a "wow, this is delicious!" level by any means. The service? Incredible! The waitress was so nice and very attentive without being overbearing, and every server as well as the manager came over at some point to say hello to my dog. Yes, dogs are welcome on the patio. He loved all attention! I must admit that my dog is exceptionally cute, so this may have been an unusual reaction by the staff ;) The prices were more than reasonable. I'll definitely be going back although not at a time when I'm craving a really amazing meal.
Good stuff, and not the typical tourist trap food that you can get everywhere! Try the beer!
Food and beer choices were out of this world!  Soup, salad, burgers and many lobster choices.  Pale ales, dark stouts, porters and many more to choose from- all home brewed!  Service was awesome, Beth was patient and great at her suggestions of specials. Would love to go back everyday during my vacation here.  Really hope they will bring one to the Panhandle of Florida, I'm sure it would be a great hit!  Thanks Beth and Sea Dog Brewery till next time!
Stopped in for a late Tuesday night snack, We shared the Blueberry BBQ wing appetizer, Wings were cooked very well and had a nice crisp to them. After getting through the sauce the chicken flavor was BLAH. We each had the Sea Dog Bacon Cheeseburger the meat was tasty and cooked to desired doneness. The roll was dry almost to the point of stale. The fresh Potato Chips were exceptional and very crisp. The prices were a little higher than comparable burger prices and the wings were $9.99 for eight wings. (Walk across the parking lot to Hooters for better wings and value). Our waiter Brent was very professional and kept checking on our needs. Overall a less than memorable experience.
Nice place to eat. The burgers are amazing, and the server (Todd) was really friendly and attentive. Try the Creme Brûlée Cheesecake.
Meh. Enticed by the late night menu, we ventured here a few consecutive weekends. My first lesson: bring a sweater because the "big ass fans" (that's the brand name) work as advertised ... too well, if you ask me. The beer prices are probably the best happy hour specials I've seen. $2-$3 beers, and not your standard Bud Light, flavor infused crafts that you will likely be trying for the first time unless you've been to a Sea Dog before. That said, drink a lot of those beers before you eat the late night fare. The buffalo chicken dip was the worst I've ever had, none of the others left me feeling good about my selection (even though we had asked the server for her suggestion). In summary: great for late night brews, steer clear of the apps and you should do fine. 3 stars.
Oh craft breweries...I can never get enough. I've had Sea Dog beers before, always in NYC - always their blueberry ale (fruity wheat beer are my faaaaaaaaave beers {3). In fact my boyfriend and I went to an amazing liquor store near our hotel and I picked up a Sea Dog raspberry since I had never tried it, but I still didn't think anything of it other than it would probably be tasty and this liquor store's beer selection was grand! Two days later I'm looking over a large coupon/map thing I took from the hotel reception desk and sprawled out on the hotel room "office desk" to find cool stuff to do and I literally screamed! __________________________________________________­________ Boy: Are you okay? Me: Nooooooo!!! OMG OMGOMGOMGOMGOGMOGM!!! WHEEEEEEEEEE!!! Boy: Find something that could be fun? Me: CAN WE GO TO A CRAFT BAR BREWERY BAR LATER?! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! EEEEK!! SQUEAK!! YAY!!! Boy: Sure, that sounds good - we can do dinner there after we go to this sweet arcade I found on Yelp. Me: YAYAYAYAYAYAA!!!! ARCADE!!! BEER BREWERY!!! WHEEEEEE!!! *BOOM*. __________________________________________________­________ We didn't end up doing dinner there as planned since the arcade/amusement park had food and we ended up eating there, but we did get to sample several of their beers. __________________________________________________­________ Together we sampled several of their yummy beer selections: Their Windjammer Blonde Ale (A refreshing ale with a fruity palate and a crisp finish. The aromatics of Cascade hops are balanced by the richness of traditional two-row British malted barley... 4.8% ABV), Their Bluepaw Wild Blueberry Ale (Which I had already had and loved - This beer features the nutty quench of wheat ale combined with the delightful aromatics and subtle fruit flavor contributed by wild blueberries... 4.6% ABV, ) Raspberry Wheat Ale which I had already loved from the bottle I bought and drank in the hotel room (lol). They describe it as a dry, crisp refreshing ale with the added essence of raspberries... 4.5% ABV, Their Apricot Ale which is a crisp and quenching wheat ale with a subtle essence of fresh apricots... 4.5% ABV And my boyfriend really took a liking to their Owls Head Light Ale which is a crisp, light ale with a light golden color and a good clean taste. __________________________________________________­________ After what felt like a few hours of delicious beers and really bloody violent UFC watching we closed our tab and were poised to leave when we found they had a big "Corn Hole" game and after about 10 rounds or so I learned that A.) My boyfriend is a "Corn Hole" prodigy and a natural. He should play for money. B.) I can be good at Corn Hole if I throw with both of my arms in an underhand fashion. Sea  Dog also has the biggest Jenga (at least 3 ft tall) and the largest Connect Four (it was about 5'1, maybe 5'2 tall) I've ever laid eyes on. Between the delicious beers and the fantastic/friendly service we received this place is easily 5 stars. I hope to come back some time and try the food - especially their raw bar! :D
So we were visiting Orlando from California for the weekend, & I used this program to try to find a good place to eat dinner. One of the recommendations was this restaurant and all I have to say is that I was incredibly impressed. Not only was the service unbelievably spectacular, but the food was absolutely off the hook. I have the barbecue shrimp and grits and let me say it blew me away. I wish we had another one of these in California. God knows I need more everyday.
We had a really great experience here when we went for an early dinner following a car show at nearby Coronando Springs Resort. The server was great at describing the origins of the restaurant and we all ended up ordering the shrimp po-boy based on his recommendation. I really enjoyed the po-boy, it wasn't overcooked, drowning in sauce or over seasoned. I wouldn't order their oysters again, I felt like they relied too much on the toppings (bread crumbs and cheese) and I couldn't really appreciate the oyster. It's in a weird location deep in a shopping plaza but one of the lesser evils in the tourist trap side of town.
Stopped in for lunch after hitting the outlet malls and getting annoyed with the crowds. I had this place bookmarked, the menu looked good enough and they boasted having Shipyard Pumpkin on tap so I was determined to stop here during our trip. I was impressed all around! They don't actually brew the beer on spot. It's all currently brewed up in Maine (their main location) and shipped to Orlando. Nonetheless, they do hope to expand and begin brewing in their Orlando location as well. Just because they don't actually brew in house does not make me like or dislike this place any more or less. Chad was our server. He was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. My husband started with the 4-beer sampler ($6) and was most impressed with the sunfish beer. It was hoppy but with an apricot-ish finish. I had the porter, which was very smooth! I think i recall it having almost a hazelnutty flavor. It was very good. I wanted to come to this place not only for the beer but the fact that I could get oysters here without having to go to some hoity toity raw bar. I ordered 6 (they actually brought me 7) and they were quite large! I noticed during happy hour they offer oysters for 75 cents, so that is a great deal! I would go back for that if ever in the area. I also tried the 4 beer sampler but was less impressed, as the server had warned me with my selections. The blueberry was boring. The raspberry was OK (I am partial to Harper's Raspberry) and the apricot was also only OK. My 4th beer choice was the shipyard pumpkin ale, which is in my top 2 pumpkin brews, so I've had it plenty of times before. BUT, they serve this tasty beer with a pumpkin pie rim, which only added to the flavoring of the beer. Very nice! We also had the Blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich and a cheeseburger, both which were fresh, cooked perfectly and hit the spot. Not too greasy, not too enormous, just right. They have a large bar area, plenty of TV's to watch the game, great beer, friendly servers and delicious food. I would add this to my rotation if only we lived in Orlando! Will be back to see this place during our next FL trip in May.
I thoroughly enjoy Sea Dog Brewery, and the main reason is their craft beers.  My favorite is their Hazelnut Porter. I would compare it to drinking a delightful hazelnut coffee. Yummy!  This fall they served the Shipyard Pumpkin with the pumpkin spice and sugar on the rim. The food is decent but not great. On our first trip, I had the Game Changer which is their award-winning burger, a combination of bison, venison, and beef.  It is topped off with bacon, cheese, and blueberry BBQ sauce.  The flavors of the burger are intense and it lives up to its name.  The pretzel starter is delicious with a blonde ale cheese. I've also ordered Focaccia with Baked Artichoke Dip and Sweet Potato Fries which were just decent.  They offer $3 Pints and $5 Appetizers for Happy Hour. They have a variety of events that take place at this brewery. For example, every Saturday they have a different themed party, such as "Mardi Gras" or "Clam Bake", and "Pig Roast."  The brewery has several outside games that can be played, such as Giant Jenga and Connect Four.  This always makes it tempting to sit outside because of these.  On every visit we have had to Sea Dog they have had good live music. The servers we have experienced have been attentive and knowledgeable.
In a city dominated by chain restaurants and high-price meals, Sea Dog Brew Pub is a wonderful little (and by "little", I mean huge, but with a cozy feel) place. Although they are most famous for their Sea Dog Blueberry Beer, this place has a full menu of delicious brews, including a few fruity flavors (raspberry, apricot, etc.) that are a delight on these hot summer afternoons. Everybody in my party got a different flavor and we passed them around for an impromptu beer tasting... nobody was disappointed with their selection. The menu, which is not cheap, but affordable, offers a wide variety of options, including a few wildcard dishes including deep fried conch and whole Maine lobster. Their soups are amazing, so don't skip over those, and their burgers could feed a small African nation. The service here was amazing as well. Our server was quick and available, but did not hover, and gave us some good recommendations. She knew what she was talking about when it came to items on the menu and I appreciated her honesty when we asked questions. I'm hoping to head over to their Tuesday trivia night this week- I'll let you know how it is!
I love Sea Dog Blueberry (which says a lot since I'm really not a beer fan) and was excited when I learned that they opened a restaurant. Unfortunately it was out near Disney and I really didn't think I'd make it out there anytime soon. But my luck changed this weekend when I was staying at a hotel that was only about 15 minutes away. My best friend was a sport and agreed that we could go there for dinner. Woo hoo! We got there right away 5 pm on a Saturday and were seated right away. Our waiter Nick was VERY attentive and we were very well taken care of all night. As I was looking over the beer menu my friend saw the Pretzel Sticks with beer cheese appetizer and had ordered those before I knew what was going on ;) They actually came out before we had even been able to place our drink & dinner order. They were delish! I'm pretty sure you could dip cardboard in that beer cheese and it would taste good. I decided to go with the beer flight (four small beers for $5.50) since there were a couple I wanted to try. I went with the Sea Dog blueberry, Sea Dog raspberry, Sea Dog apricot and the Shipyard Summer Ale. I really enjoyed them all and especially liked that I didn't have to drink a pint of any of them just to try them out. For dinner I got the bbq shrimp and bacon cheddar grits. Oh. My. Goodness. I am a fan of shrimp & grits, so when I saw that this one had bbq sauce and bacon too I was sold. It also had an avocado salsa on it that was a great addition. I REALLY enjoyed my meal, even if it was one of the more expensive ones on the menu, and would definitely order it again
A great spot for craft and micro-brews in the middle of Kissimmee. Great service, great food, and a huge selection of items off the menu. And they put real blueberries in your Blueberry beer! How lovely is that? Oh and the food is so good, I'll put it to you this way: I'm typically a vegetarian, and I just HAD to get the GameChanger burger. Just go, check out the menu, and I'll bet you order one too.
Just left sea dog. The service was amazing! Our waitress recommended lobster Mac and cheese and seared scallops. Both were awesome. We had the pretzels and cheese dip and the peel and eat shrimp for apps. Tried various beers. My wife drank the blueberry ale and I had the stout, both excellent. We will be back!!
Meh meh meh. I wouldn't make the trip unless you're here for the happy hour. Good beer selection but the food is so-so. In this area though, it's difficult to find anything but chain food. I wouldn't come back.
I met a friend here, suggested based in the reviews, and it was great. Typical bar atmosphere, but open and inviting. Our waiter, Todd, Rocked! He was honest and made sure we enjoyed everything we ordered. My friend had the bison/venison burger and I had the special fish entree, lol, can't remember the fish, I've never heard of it before, but it was great. Make sure you ask for Todd!
I was not impressed by the food here.   The pulled pork nachos came out under a minute,  so they must have been made before I ordered.   They were not hot,  and the pork taste was too sweet for me.   Shrimp and grits had also sat around.  The grits had hardened and the taste was way too salty,  and I like salt on my food.  For food this price,  it's needs to be fresh.
A new Brew pub to ADVOID!!! Service is always suspect on the LBV area. But here it is poor to nonexistent. How hard is it to keep two iced teas full on a slow day and serve hot food hot? I guess hard!! Portion sizes are small for the prices they offer.  ADVOID the calamari.  My recommendation is to turn around and head to Miller's Ale House where you will receive good service, value, and quality.   Burger was over cooked and cold, our server Jessica did nothing.  Once I called after leaving the manager was unaware of any issues.   Stay away, they don't appreciate there customers.
We have a summer home in Maine, and are familiar with the fun atmosphere and quality food and beer made by Sea Dog (and Shipyard).  This place honors the original locations and is excellent all around.  Very clean and large, with comfortable booths, a long bar, and a ton of food and drink options.  Get yourself a blueberry beer on tap (with a handful of berries thrown in), and any seafood - the mussels in beer were incredibly tender and the blackened mahi sandwich was a beautiful piece of fresh fish.  Service is pleasant and quick.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
This place has it all: good food and good beers. They have a very thorough selection of beer, something for everyone. They also offer a a flight of beers so you can sample 4 different kinds at once. I absolutely loved the raspberry wheat! Most of our party had the burgers and they were delicious. The boys had the special burger which was a mix of bison, venison and beef, now that's a burger. For an appetizer we had the pretzel bread served with a beer cheese sauce which was awesome.   I liked the open floor plan. It also has a patio which is great for enjoying the Florida weather. Parking is kind of obnoxious because of the location but they do offer complimentary valet. Overall, excellent experience. We'll definitely go back!
The service was excellent and the food was awesome.  The only problem I had was trying to figure out what to order. We got the meatball sub, Blonde bacon cheddar burger and the shrimp and grits and all three were great.  The Melonhead beer (watermelon) was very good. Will definitely go to the Seadog back home.
So after several days in Orlando, us New Englanders were in need of some home cookin.  When I checked out Sea Dog, I was hopeful but not very optimistic.  That said, the reviews were pretty good and I always wanted to try the beer.  It was also only a mile or so from our resort.  The decor was typical brew pub/brewery...cool in an an open ceiling, rustic, factory way.  The menu is quite extensive with a heavy dose of New England favorites with a gastro pub twist.  We were greeted by our enthusiastic and informative waiter Todd.  We ordered beers and beverages for the kids.  I had the blueberry beer, Todd warned me all the fruit beers were the same beer but fruit added.  It was good but not great...I appreciated Todd giving me the info, and enjoyed it for what it was.  My wife had the Monkey Fist IPA which was outstanding.  My son also loved the root beer on tap.  We had the alligator bites, which we were told were in season...very good.  I had the Prime Rib special...reasonably priced and excellent...cooked perfect. Other dishes were the steak, lobster Mac and cheese, and fish tacos.  All very good.  A lot of lobster in the M&C.  Because it was our last night the kids got dessert.  Creme Brulee cheese cake and the enormous Chocolate Earthquake Cake.  Both were top notch. Overall, this restaurant far exceeded our expectations.  However what really stood out was the service.  Ask for Todd if you go...you won't be disappointed.
Service was excellent and the food wad even better! I had the Sea Dog Pale Ale Cheese & Bacon Burger with onion rings! Absolutely the best burger I have ever ate. The Florida Pale Ale wad my drink of choice and I want to go back for more!
A new brewpub/ dining establishment in Orlando. Tucked away in Lake Buena Vista, which if you are not from here, can a be a little tricky to find.   On first glance, this place is huge.   Big bar area, along with indoor and outdoor seating.  In addition to a number of televisions that are well placed around the building, they also offer a selection of video games and even games outside (a giant Connect 4, building blocks and more). You did not come here for games, you came here for beer. For this they have a nice selection, from lagers to stouts and options in between. On this occasion we had a few of the lighter offerings (it is Summer, after all). The seasonal beer is Sunfish - a light Lager with tastes of peaches and grapefruit. We also tried the Apricot  ale which is light, refreshing, with a nose of apricot but the taste is smooth, slightly fruit but not sweet. Mellow not crisp. Finally, their Summer ale reminded me of the beach with a slight briny tasty and good mouth feel with a little bite at the end. The staff is very friendly, offering tastes and samples. The food was a few steps up from standard bar fare.  While we were there they had a special all you could eat seafood buffet with oysters, stews, and different sides. We stuck with traditional entrees - my wife had the baked cod (perfectly done) and I had a burger (thick and piled high).  Cannot wait to try some more of their dishes. The styling was more modern, with wood and metal mixed in and huge fans that look like high performance airplane propellers - very cool. They offer booths, tables and larger communal like tables. Loo review.  In a pub, bathrooms are very important. These are spacious which is nice, but they could have used a few more facilities. However they win because of the presence of televisions in the bathroom. Which is a must for sports fans.
For what this place aims to be, i think it nails it. For those in the area, it is like a cross between World of Beer and the Ale House. Think what the Ale House would be if craft beers were their game (rather than Miller Lite) or what World of Beer would be if their location was larger and they served decent food. Overall ambiance is fantastic. There are a wide range of different style dining areas - large high tops for big groups, a very large U-shaped Bar, individual in-door dining tables, as well as a great patio area. It seems to have taken on a slightly industrial theme but it suits it well. There are TVs around the place - not quite to the point of the Ale House or BWWs but they are plentiful. They also have some cool offerings like a GIANT Connect 4 game out on the patio. For a new restaurant, they also seem to handle surprises better than some other establishments. The group i was with initially started as a small group of 3-4 on the patio that quickly morphed into a group of close to 15, all slowly filtering in over the course of an hour. Admittedly, this made for a somewhat frantic waitress but she handled herself about as well as one could given the situation. Our group made sure we were complimentary - not only to her but also to her manager (who stopped by once to see how things were going). The food was good, if not great, but lended itself to the true calling of the place - the drinks! Craft Beer Pints run 4.50 a piece - not bad considering the quality. Personally, I highly enjoyed the Windjammer and the Export... though I look forward to their Summer Ale coming into season. At that time, I will probably dive into their seafood offerings a little bit more. Overall: Nice addition to the Orlando Pub/Bar Scene - though it is starting to get a little overcrowded.
This may be one of my new favorites in the Disney area! Not only do they have amazing beers on tap - the staff is super knowledgeable about all the little details that make craft beer so enjoyable. The food menu is extensive and we loved everything on the menu.  I could eat the tater tots with the cheese all day long.  I shouldn't, but I could. I love how they have games there for kids to play - it's hard to find a nice restaurant with good beer that is also kid-friendly.  I appreciate that! There are lots of tv's there so you're not going to miss a game.
Ate here 12/28/13 for lunch.   Had arrived in Orlando earlier in the day.  Was grabbing a bite to eat before food shopping for the week we were spending in our timeshare.  Burgers were great!!  Between the five in our party we ordered three different ones and all were great.  My son (18) ordered their dish & chips and they turned out to be the best he had all week, out of four different places he had them.     Reasonably priced and wouldn't hesitate to eat here again!!!!
The service was amazing for a group of 24.   Drinks were fast and refills were prompt.  Apps were out in less than 10 minutes.  They were tasty. Calamari, buffalo wings, buffalo dip and homemade warm potato chips  all great.   Dinner was fast hot and delicious.   Game changer burger was awesome. Shrimp and grits and fresh catch were all tasty.   Live music , acoustic guitar was great and not loud we could visit. Rob manager was on his game. Karen and frank waitstaff had everything correct and very helpful.   Only hiccup was w a group of 25 we had multiple family's and checks and took a little time. But understandable.  So I won't mark them down for that. Great experience we will be back.
Came out to dinner with friends. Since the reviews were so good.. Why not check it out? They take reservations, but we were an hour late (we got lost). They sat us right away. Ordered appetizers- chicken nachos (ok), spinach dip (I can make better), conch fritters (really good), and calamari (eh tastes the same). Ordered there classic cheeseburger medium and definitely got a classic ordinary burger but medium rare. Apparently they use the same "stick" for medium and medium rare so when the servers were giving it to us they didn't know which one was which. I couldn't drink (preggo) so I couldn't taste their well known beers. But my husband did. He really liked the pumpkin beer with maybe cinnamon drizzle around the rim. He ordered the 4 sample- pumpkin, blueberry, apricot and raspberry. If you order the 3 samples apparently that's free! The oversized games outside the restaurant was a hit. I need to find an oversized Jenga and connect four for my house!
I visited Sea Dog during Happy Hour with my daughter and her boyfriend while on vacation. We ordered drinks, Buffalo Chicken Dip, and Focaccia with Baked Artichoke Dip.  Once our waitress brought our first round, we never heard from her again. We decided to wrap up since we weren't getting any service, and it took us 45 minutes just to get someone to cash us out. It's a shame, because we did like the food and drinks. We choose to go to Margaritaville for the next Happy Hour, rather than return to Sea Dog.
We ate here twice during our 9 day vacation in Orlando, Florida.  It was my favorite place to eat out of our whole trip.  I love that they are a brewery and the hubby could sample all kinds of beer.  I love that they have giant Connect Four, Jenga and bean bag toss outside for the kids to play.  And I love that they have a great selection of food including a Raw Bar.  They also have great service!  The first time we went was for dinner on a Friday night.  I could tell Sea Dog was a favorite among locals and tourists.  Service was great and food was terrific.  Couldn't ask for better.  The 2nd time we came was for lunch right before we left for the airport.  Second verse, same as the first.  Terrific food, terrific service.  Kids had a blast playing with their giant toys while we waited for our food.  Food was hot, fresh and delicious.  Thanks Sea Dog...see you next time we're in Orlando!
Funny how things work out sometimes. We came here for a beer and ended up with a dinner. I had the fish tacos, which were (surprisingly) really good. My mom had the Cuban sandwich, which I tasted and I thought they prepared it exactly how it should be. I also had a flight of beers, which was okay but nothing special. I guess I expected a little bit more from the beers in terms of my liking them.
I love the SeaDog brews! Excited that there is a place I can enjoy so many of them. I had the lobster bisque and the mediterranean salad with grill chicken. It was just  perfect because it wasn't heavy and allowed me to drink more beers! The atmosphere was nice, lots to large TVs everywhere, so it would be a great place to watch some sports and get service from a friendly staff. We took advantage of the complimentary valet parking because there wasn't a spot anywhere. We didn't have to wait for a table, but they had a nice seating area out front with fun games like corn hole and a life size Connect 4!!
I've stopped in twice for the late night happy hour.  Service has been spotty at best.  One time I said I only wanted to grab a bite to eat then to get out (which I happily tip well when that happens), but that resulted in almost 20 minutes without being checked on, or asked what I wanted to order. When I was about to leave, I finally got asked what I want.  At the recommendation of the waitress I tried the Blue Cheese Buffalo Chicken.  For the happy hour price the serving was not bad, but if I would have paid full price for the dish, I would have felt ripped off.  The dish was a ramekin filled with off the shelf buffalo sauce (nothing special about it) and blue cheese, two flavors that always go well together, but hardly what I would call a signature.  The chicken was cubed and before I even bit into it I knew it was processed food service chicken, probably boiled.  Not at all what I would expect food wise from a place that prides themselves in making their own beers...fresh food and fresh beer seem to be synanmous, but not here. My next visit, the service was more attentive, but the food was down right terrible.  I tried the pork nachos (why you wouldnt reprint your menus so not to disappoint guests I dont know ) The pork flavor was not bad, but it had obviously been sitting and not maintained so it would moist and fresh.  It looked dried and as if it had been sitting out, as did the lettuce and sour cream.  Temperature wise it was not hot at all.  These should have been my first clue to send it back, but for some reason I didn't and am pretty sure thats why I felt terrible the next morning.  I also tried the Pretzel sticks and beer cheese dip.  The pretzel sticks were luke warm and hard.   The beercheese was possibly the best thing I had that night.  It had excellent flavor and a perfect cheese dip consistency.   I know I went in toward the end of the night, but in my book thats never an excuse for serving a sub-par product.  You either give the last patron of the night the same quality as the first, or you close earlier.   Oh, I should mention the beers.  I've tried a few there.  I liked some...hated others...was not impressed either way by a few.  Beers definitly a matter of perosnal taste.  I'd recommend stopping in when you're thirsty to try a few.  For a micro brew they are very reasonably priced...just skip the food menu and you're great!
I was pleasantly surprised with how much I like this place. I really like that they have both Sea Dog beer there and Shipyard. I was amazed at how reasonable the prices were. I believe pints were only $4.50 and flights were just $5.00. My mom and I split a flight and got lunch. I wasn't as impressed with the food. I ordered the fish special, and I can't remember which fish it was. The breading on the fish was very soggy and didn't taste good. My mom ordered a wedge Cesar salad. The dressing was WAY too salty. She couldn't finish the salad without scraping most of the dressing off. Our server was very friendly and helpful with recommendations. The inside of this place is very spacious. It would be a great place for parties.
Food is great beer is awesome outside seating is awesome with a live singer and very chill environment! Highly recommend!!!
My only complaint about this fantastic place was that their on-site brewing wasn't up and running yet.  They also don't have the license giving them the ability to sell bottles of their brews so I can take them home.  As soon as that happens it will probably be getting 5 stars from me. It's a chain - which is normally something that I don't dig - but they have kept the number of franchises low enough to keep quality high. They had plenty of fantastic brews that they brought in from some of their nearby locations that have their breweries up and running, so the beer is still plentiful in both variety and quality.   Our server (and the servers from the tables on either side of us) were friendly, fast, and quite knowledgeable.  In a place like this, the knowledge base of the wait staff is crucial, and they knew their stuff enough to make fantastic recommendations.  The beer is worth the trip alone as they have a great variety of truly unique brews. The food was also very good.  The prices might be $2 or $3 higher per plate than I would normally expect from a similar menu restaurant (aka Applebee's or Friday's) but the quality is also higher. This is certainly a place I will return to for both the food and the brews.  That's not something I normally can say about chain restaurants that attempt to be breweries.  Give this place a shot!
The food, service and specials were good. Not to mention the blueberry beer and wings! 2 thumbs up and will def. return for more.
Fantastic selection of classic food and new twists along with great beer and a fun atmosphere.
Adorable establishment, truly friendly staff and fantastic beers. This is a part of Shipyard Brewery out of Winter Park, so they serve their line of beers too. We sat outside and it was nice - they have misters but both of us were a bit worried about moisture with smartphones. Glad we ended up at a table without one spurting above us. Actually had a beautiful view of I4 and the Catholic Church. It was mesmerizing. I understand that there is a plan in place to add a bar in the back. We had the soft pretzel appetizer - incredible - salty, cheesy and mouthwatering.  Will definitely be re-ordering on the next visit.  He loved his fish and chips although we both thought that they were priced a little high. I tried the chicken breast with Apricot Ale sauce. It was very inexpensive but was also dry and then just overdosed on sauce. I don't really like a lot of sauce on anything so this was probably just a bad choice for me. The fries were great, salty perfection.   I just can't resist the smell of their Seapaw blueberry ale. It's taste is sublime but the aroma just sits in your nose for days. I could just sit and smell the blueberry beer - absolutely divine. They do serve flights so you can try a variety of beers. One note: not sure if it was good to have the busboys just flip the slightly filled glasses over the edge of the fence into the grass. Kind of tacky, but I guess it could be more efficient. I've just never witnessed it at a nice restaurant. Parking is hard to find, although Sea Dog does offer complimentary Valet parking. Interestingly enough, this little mall is jam-packed with businesses and has a very tiny lot.
This is a sister restaurant to the excellent Shipyard Emporium.  It's new and still finding it's feet but it's got a lot going for it. Atmosphere and ambiance are great.  The place looks fantastic, there are plenty of TV's without being overwhelming and it's easy to hold a conversation.   Service is friendly but you can tell some employees are still getting  a feel for the place.  Lots of servers wandering around, food runners having to double check which table is what, etc.  Both times we went we sat at the bar and the service has been really good.   All the food we've had has been really tasty.  So far we've had the fish dip, oysters, calamari, and conch fritters.  Prices are a little on the high side but very much in line with the area where it is located.  Their happy hour is an awesome deal, 3-7 Monday through Friday. The beer has been a pleasant surprise.  If you're into craft beer, nothing here is going to blow you away.  They have a good mix of staples from Shipyard/Sea Dog.  Everything I've had has been a solid example of the style.  I asked one of the bartenders about the brewing area and apparently on-site brewing is still in the works.  When it's ready they'll have some brews made at the restaurant. If you live near the area or are passing by, it is well worth the visit.
Beer and appetizers good, entrees terrible! Sometimes a cook is having a bad day and gets an order wrong, but the entire tables?! The waitress was awesome and handled everything she was dealt by the kitchen well. First older manager that came to table acted like he could care less but the younger guy actually hooked us up and was truly helpful. Be wary of the food here but if you are just stopping by for beer and apps do it!
We spent one hour for waiting the food, and finally the food come out, nobody give me folk. I said OK, if the food is great I can forgive all other mistakes. When I ate the food, I gave one star for sea dog, because I don't know how to give zero.
It's a great stop if you're Disneyed out! Excellent beers, quite good bar food, and live music both times we were there. The servers and managers were nice and attentive.  The place gets busy but we never felt like they were too busy for us or tending to our needs.   It was our first stop on our arrival and our last when leaving the area.
Blue berry BBQ sauce wings.   I know it sounds weird but it tasted great.  I had monkey fist draft which is bit strong but really good flavor.  We also had oysters on the half shell.  Nice big oysters.  Coming back to see isu play tonight  go clones.   Oh almost forgot. Fried pickle chips were very good too.   Everything was very good and ask for Kathleen.   She took very good care of us.
Very pleased with this find, they have a number a really good beer and shrimp and grits were excellent.
Every time I come here the food is delicious, the drinks are perfect, and I love the atmosphere. I always get the lobster bisque, and last night we got the pretzel sticks, and the cheese dip was delicious!
We had the pulled pork nachos and the lobster roll both were top notch. Kevin our waiter was very helpful and was an excellent guide to what was available. My beer flight, light, export, IPA, Stout was very good. We will make this a very frequent stop while in Orlando.
My girlfriend and I went because it said that they had happy hour on Sundays from 4-7pm. We found out that was a "mistake" once we got there. We sat at the bar and wanted a beer. The bartender, Amanda was GREATTTTTT! She was super friendly, very knowledgeable about their food and beers, and she was very attentive to all her customers. The beers were ok, honestly nothing special. The food on the other hand was horrible!!! We ordered a "large" order of the fried calamari and it came out looking like it was literally a handful of calamari. It was over fried, cold, had no lemon on the side and the aioli was disgusting. It was probably the worst calamari I have EVER had, fo sho! Can't say anything else because after that we paid our tab and left. Won't be going back there!
This place is quite expensive for the quality of food they are offering. We ordered the nachos and they came soggy- my husband said the salsa tasted like it was from a can, not house-made. I got the fish catch of the day as my entree and it was definitely previously frozen, covered in sauce. It came with some white aparagus and some potatoes- I would have liked a little more spice/flavor on those sides. There also wasn;t a whole lot of color on the plate. They do offer some interesting cocktail drinks. Their social events sound like fun- if you like beer and don't mind that what you're eating is pre-made, previously frozen, store quality, then this is the place for you.
Food , Service were good, However the Hostess tried to seat us right next to a larger table while the restaurant was completely empty otherwise. I asked for a father table & explained how we don't like to be right on top of people while there was plenty of room. 15 min later the same hostess sits a family of 4 next to us & while the dining room is so empty & so big I don't get it!! That killed what would of been a nice experience
Not a huge fan of there beers, but Every review we right sounded good. The place really has a variety of food for everyone. Everything was reasonably priced and they have a decent beer selection that anyone can find something they'd like. We got the Pretzel sticks and Beer cheese dip which was awesome. pretzels were warm and not over cooked. and the beer cheese dip was probably some of the best I've had. I had the Summer seasonal beer which was a grapefruit beer. For my meal I got an off the menu item call "The Game Changer" which was a  burger with Bison, Venison and beef with a blueberry BBQ sauce. It was pretty darn tasty might have been a little pricey because it wasn't huge. But I'll forgive that since it was a well cooked burger with those ingredients. I subbed for Mac and Cheese which I wasn't blown away by. But I had a try of the Onion rings and those were outstanding. I will def. get those again next time.
I coordinated a group event and we wanted to take everyone out for a nightcap after dinner.  Because Sea Dog was close to the hotel, we chose to go there.   I called ahead and made arrangements with Sue Ellen.  What a great experience!  I found Sue Ellen as soon as we arrived.  They had already set up tables for 20 and they quickly added more seating for the extras.  There were 3-4 servers dedicated to our group.  They checked with me before taking any food orders, since I had said that we were only going to be having drinks.  They were prompt, polite, and very easy to work with.  They quickly took all orders and the food and drinks arrived in no time.  The food and drinks were very good and the service was outstanding.  I would recommend this restaurant!
This place had the best artichoke dip that I've ever had. And the lobster bisque non-traditional is top 5 ever. My mother-in-law missed that and the Seafood Pasta.
I love the fact that this brew pub is hidden away from the generic Disney traffic that comes into to most places to eat. During our recent trip to Orlando which I do about 2 times a month, Sea Dog was finally open and I was able to enjoy this place, not once but 3 times! We went for dinner 2 nights and to watch a Heat game the 3rd. The staff was amazing and very nice, service was quick and great. They feature beers from Maine, so Sea dog and Shipyard are normally the draft options, but you cant go wrong with it. There is nothing on the menu that I wouldn't eat and ask about the specials because some of the best items are not listed.
This place was not good. It was like a cheap version of the former Shipyard Brew Pub in Winter Park. It was extremely loud and the food was lackluster, just a bit elevated from cafeteria food. We need enjoy the beers we had and we did not have any seafood which may have made a difference.
We had a terrible experience here on a Friday night. Actually, I'm still sitting here waiting on my check. I expect it will be awhile, as has everything from our first glass of water to seeing our waitress for the first time to receiving our food. I ordered a salad "with no feta cheese at all" and dressing on the side. It came with plenty of feta. For the first time in my life, I sent a dish back to the kitchen. I just can't eat feta. When my waitress returned the plate, it was clear that they hadn't given me new lettuce or a new skewer of meat. Clear because, you guessed it, there was still feta stuck to the meat and all over the bottom of the plate. She also told me that they took my side of dressing since there's feta cheese in it. She didn't offer me a substitute. This turned out to be pretty funny when I realized that the salad was soaked in dressing. As for the rest of the table, we had another salad sans dressing and egg (not requested that way), a burger cooked wrong, fries instead of requested onion rings, and the waitress spilled oyster juice off the plate onto two people at the table while picking up the plate. Everyone at the table is asking me to mention that the beers are good. Otherwise, not the best.
We really liked the atmosphere and the food was really well done. Definitely a relaxed pub evil meant that worked well for our first dinner, very late dinner, in Orlando during a recent family vacation.
The food isn't great, but it is good. I love their beer though! I had the sampler and the xxxx brew and they were all great!
Can't beat $2.50 beers during happy hour!
Awesome place to eat & drink. The beers were great, I had the Windjammerblonde Ale and the sun shine ale, both were refreshing. The clam chowder was spot on and the fish tacos were very fresh. Def recommend!
What a great experience!!!  The beer selection is great and the food was right on mark.  However, what made the entire experience was our server Shane.  He was patient with all the questions regarding the different beer offerings.  It was busy, but we never felt neglected by Shane. Loved the fact that they have tables for 2 or larger tables to accommodate 10.   We will definitely be back!
I was staying at a local hotel for business and was looking for a spot to eat. I saw a sign leading to an Irish bar, but there was another sign leading to a brewpub. I always go to a brewpub if in the area. I was a bit confused when I walked in. The sign outside says this is Sea Dog Brewpub, but there is a large display in the entrance that says Shipyard Pub (which is a brewer up in Maine or somewhere). To make things more confusing, they have Shipyard beers and Sea Dog beers, with no rhyme or reason to the way the  beer menu is organized. It was happy hour with half priced beer and apps, so I got both. The Black IPA from Shipyard was decent. The food was the worst food I have ever had in a public place. The pulled pork nachos were completely inedible. The cheese was straight from a can, the pulled pork was probably that frozen stuff one gets at their local grocer, and if the sauce drizzled over the nachos was salsa, it was as disgusting as running tomato paste through a dirty gym sock, and had the same consistency. I took two bites and sent it back. The bartender asked what was wrong with it and I said "Its pretty gross". He looked at me like I was speaking Urdu or something, like they were the best nachos in Florida. He asked if I wanted anything else, and I declined. After some prodding from the tender, I picked the hummus. Another mistake. It was a big pile of mashed up garlic with a ladle of oil on top of it. I was so hungry that I ate about half of it, but here we are 45 minutes later, and my hotel toilet and stomach are revolting like they were at Tiananman Square. I will never go back to this place. I went there starving and now I don't think I will ever eat food again.
Arrived on a Monday night.  We were seated right away. Ordered clam chowder. Very good!  Clams were very tender and it was not overly creamy. Also ordered a few appetizers the pulled pork nachos and Irish meatballs were our favorites. Great place!
Only open 5 months, the Sea Dog is an incredibly huge brewing company with more than a dozen of their own ales, etc. to suit most tastes. As for me, I am not there for their own creations, give me a Yuengling anytime.  However, it is the vastness of the restaurant, easy but diverse menu items, acceptable prices, and kind service that will help make Sea Dog the happening place. Lake Buena Vista is known for lots of restaurants, but not too many unique or with such fun atmospheres as Sea Dog.   There are very huge party tables near the beer making area (behind glass) and I can that night time can certainly bring a whole new feel of excitement and energy to the place. I had the GAME CHANGER, this burger is beef, venison, and bison...with bacon.  That is 4 different animals/meats, and I thought it was awesome. Next time I will have the Blueberry BBQ sauce removed, but all in all very pleased. Oh, get a load of this. They have TATER TOTS!  Yes, Tater Tots.  I know, awesome.  Eating those was a reminder of comfortable school lunchroom....while eating gourmet burgers and other specialties you would not have found at school. Check it out. All you Disney folks have a better choice in the LBV area. Sea Dog.
Great happy hour, 2 for 1!!!!! Between 4pm and 7pm, happy hours start. 50 cent oysters, $3.95 calamari, conch fritters, chicken wings. Love the beer, but the food could need some work. The food you get for happy hour, does not have much quality. change the oil in your deep fryer. We came there on a rainy day, not too busy. 5 mins of order, food already came out. I knew it was not fresh. Fried food did not have the golden color, more of a brown color. The oysters were great!! 50 cent, it was BETTER than Moon Fish. In addition, they had 50 cent shrimp. COMPLIMENTARY VALET was a plus.  Would I come here again? For oysters and beers i would. PLUSES:Corn hole and connect four. LIVE BAND, they were hidden in the corner during happy hour. LOL
its really a 2 and a half, but I will be giving it another chance. Its a local brewery in tourist land but its a pretty nice place. Standard run of the mill corporate restaurant feeling upon seating. Some tvs with sports on. My friend had a sample platter of beers and actually loved them all. Hes a big beer snob and was quite surprised at how much he liked them. non fruity tasting beer is his only prerequisite. We had the pretzel appetizer and it was really good. The sauce was a cheese sauce for dipping and it was actually seasoned and tasted great. My main course was a bummer. I got the turkey club thing. It was just ok. The major problem was they use multi grain bread, which I dont have a problem with but they also decided to toast it. If you have had multi grain bread you know its tough to begin with but toasting it makes it impossible. So I basically had a sandwich that was really tough to eat. Overall it was just an average experience with both good and bad so I am willing to try again and see what happens. And yes they had Coke
I'm not sure if it was the five hours of swimming prior to eating here or that I love blueberries, but Sea Dog brewing rocked my socks. I had seen the Sea Dog beer tent  at a few local Orlando events, and I was curious about trying out the restaurant. After a pool party I went with a group of about 12 friends. The staff was easily able to accommodate our large group at a single table and very attentive throughout the meal. I love that they make their own beers and the Sea Dog blueberry is amazing. It is served with fresh blueberries floating on top in the beer glass, love! I didn't think I would find a beer I liked better until I had Sunfish. OMG, the Sunfish beer was amazing I could have had a whole pitcher of it by myself. Because I am a woman who likes beer but doesn't love it, Sunfish met all of my expectations with being light and fruity and totally drinkable. For food I had steamed oysters as an appetizer, they were fantastic and fresh. For dinner I had a green chili burger with tater tots. It was super good maybe because I was so damn hungry, or maybe because the place is just that good. I look forward to going back again to one of their weekend events, they have a Cajun Food Saturday and a Hawaiian style pig roast Saturday. Loved this place!
This place is a little tricky to find and parking was difficult (I was there on a holiday weekend). Overall I thought the beers were good, they also had some interesting ones smashed blueberry porter and Apricot lager. The food was good nothing great burgers sandwiches sort of thing. Lots of TVs on the walls and pretty much all the seating is high top. Great place to go for a drinks and watch a game, but I wouldn't come for the food its nothing special.
Sea Dog is always a great time. Fresh seafood, yummy apps and awesome beer. The Mug Club is totally worth it if you like beer and plan to come back at least a few times in a year. I wish they had happy hour on the weekends but even that can't bring them down. I love that they have trivia and live music. This has rapidly become a great spot to hang out with my friends, play giant connect four and shoot the breeze with some really great staff (especially the bartenders Troy, Jeremy and Jess). They also have Big Buck Hunter HD (which is a 55" tv) and it is super fun to play. This place is a breath of fresh air in an area of town that is almost completely devoid of non-touristy things. And they have complimentary valet parking because let's face it, the parking situation really sucks!
Um, sorry folks, their beers were just okay at best. I tried 3 or 4 types and they were all kind of just, well, okay. Good service and an okay fish sandwich but the location and beers will probably not draw me back here.
My review is really unchanged!  The staff is super friendly.  The food was excellent.  My husband's NE clam chowder was one of the best I've ever had!  Great choice of beer!  Again, the location in this particular mall is NOT good!  To top it off the lighthouse feature that made the place stand out off of I-4 is gone!  They better do something to stand out off of I-4 or I fear they won't last with all the competition in that area!
Good place, lively and the beer is Yummy !!!!!!  Maeven , our hostess, was wonderful.  She section was slammed and but she still took the time to show us each beer and happily at that. The food is fairly common but the meatballs were good. It is a noisy sports bar type place and it was a busy night. All in all, good place for beer n midnight munchies. Note to managemen* our hostess Maevan is an asset to your business. Customer service is what makes me rate 5 stars, otherwise your bar would be just another bar with good beer.
I had the blond ale beer cheese and bacon burger. It was absolutely delicious. Make sure that you order the fried pickles, too. They were phenomenal.
Best happy hour around.  50cent peel and eat shrimp,  $4 apps.   Great beer prices.   This place is tucked away and a nice break from vacation madness.
We are from California and after a long day at Sea World we were longing to have dinner at a brewery. We were pleasantly surprised to find this place. The IPA was great!  Kids had fish and chips and chicken nuggets and loved it!   Fries were yummy and crispy. I had the Calamari salad and my husband had the IPA chicken. Meatballs for an appetizer. All were great!  Would come back again. Not to forget to mention they had a great band playing at the bar!
I was excited to see a brewery opening by my house.  I went today and I was kind of disappointed. My server was friendly but just with the fact that he didn't know much about beer is a big "no no". I won't say that the food was bad but wasn't good either, if I go back will definitely not be for the food.  The place has great ambiance and it's huge with outdoor sitting.  Overall I was not impressed. :(
Great atmosphere and food for reasonable prices! Beers and fresh brewed root beer were fantastic.  Great service from Todd... Made it fun and was really helpful with the beer menu!
We stopped in 10 minutes before the kitchen closed and I am happy to say we were treated as though it was 7pm and not the end of the shift.  The staff was warm and quick without making us feel rushed and the food was great.  My brother had the Caesar Salad and I had the IPA Chicken.  Both were very tasty and well priced.  The restaurant was clean and well maintained.  I would definitely go back to Sea Dog on my next trip to Orlando!  Seems like it is also very family friendly as well.
My husband and I visited Sea Dog this past Sunday during the afternoon and although I think the location is awful, the building itself is awesome and its HUGE.  This is a sister restaurant to Shipyard Brewery in Winter Park so its the same basic concept of lots of fresh beers on tap with a seafood theme but they have so much more on the menu to offer so don't be scared away if you aren't a seafoodie.  I recommend the Sea Dog Hazelnut Porter...I'm ususally not really a hazelnut fan but this Porter was actually really refreshing on a hot afternoon so at least ask for a sample of it.  For food I ordered the "Game Changer" burger which was a mix of beef, buffalo, and venison meat which is completely not the type of burger I would ever order but it was soooooo good I would order it again in a heartbeat.  A lot of the cheese and bbq sauces they use for burgers/sandwiches/appetizers are beer infused and not in the "Velveeta with beer stirred in" sort of way (see my review of tampa bay brewing co in Ybor City...yuck).  My husband got the beer cheddar ale burger which was also very good but I liked my burger a lot more.  There were probably 10 other things on the menu that i wanted to order that weren't even seafood items plus they have an oyster bar if you are into that sort of thing so it will be something I will try next time. If i had to rate the location itself I'd give it a 1 star because its in the awful Disney tourist area plus its in sort of a strip mall type location tucked in the far back corner but the advantage to this is a great/huge deck for outdoor seating (and some cornhole on the side ;)).  Its just a couple of spots away from Kitty O'Shea's and near the Hooters so I guess they aren't the only busy and popular restaurant in the area but honestly the only thing that would keep me from going there vs Shipyard is just the nasty toursity area of Palm Parkway.  Can't really hold that against them and I plan many more visits so if you are like me and like to avoid all things in the tourist area just trust me its worth the hassle.  It wasn't super busy when we got there and we got a table outside right away but the waitress said wait times can get up to an hour on Friday/Saturday nights so reservations may not be a bad idea if you are going during the dinner rush on these days.
really good place. Highly recommend!  I will be back, over and over again.  Ask for a sample of the beer.  The stout is great.
Stephanie & James and took great care of our table I had requested Broiled scallops (I request the chef to blacken them) and they acclimated to the request without a sigh!  Wonderful service and atmosphere here, definitely a must for evening of great food and Beer!
Awesome place for food and drinks. Went with co-workers for dinner while attending a conference and was surprised how good it was. I had the fish tacos, which were amazing, and they even had a gluten-free menu for my co-worker. The also had a great selection of beers and when I told them I don't like beers the server sent out the bartender, who made we a cocktail based on what I like. Just a fun, friendly place. The service was excellent! highly recommend if you're in the area.
This is our 4th trip to Seadogs and my only complaint is they are not open for lunch Monday- Thursday. Don't pay attention to the hours posted on yelp because they open at 4 on those days.  I have enjoyed all the beers they have to offer, the Oysters, the Clam Chowder that is full of clams, wings and more.  Service has been hit or miss but 3 hits for one miss doesn't change from 5 stars.  If you like a good burger try the Game Changer is one of the best made of 3 different types of meat.  Try to go for Happy Hour 4-7 on the Weekdays. It will save you some money.
Last night we had Billy as our server.  He was great and very attentive.  We were waiting quite awhile for the rest of our party and he was patient.  We didn't feel pressured to order at all.  At the end of the night, one of the little ones with us got sick in the restaurant and the staff was quick to help her.  Great service!
Sea Dog's Lobster roll ($17) definitely has a lot of lobsters.  I would say it's about two lobster claws. For some reason, it was very salty.  I do love their toasted bun.   We also ordered the fried clam and lobster bisque.  The fried clam was okay.  Portion was very small and cost about $11.  Lobster bisque was good and my server made sure that it was hot for me.  Our server Timothy was great.  The manager Robert also came by and said hi. I would try other items on their menu such as the lobster mac and cheese.
Great place for large/small group dining.  The staff was super helpful and friendly.  You can also split the checks in anyway you want.  Food was exceptional.  Normally I'm not a beer drinker, but they brew their own beers, and they were delicious.  Free valet as well!  Too bad I don't live in Orlando, otherwise I'll probably come here everyday.
I'd really say this was more of a 3.5 stars, but had to round up.  We just had appetizers - the nachos were great but they should put more of the cheese sauce on there b/c its very delicious.  The spin dip was great. We also had the wings with there blueberry beer bbq sauce, which was very unique and tasty.
The food and the service were good. We were experiencing rain in Daytona the day we ere there. The rain stayed away long enough that we were able to eat on the deck. Their was a live band playing. It was very loud. If you sit outside ask for a seat that is further away, unless you do not want to hear your friends talk to you. The food has a limited seafood menu. A lot of it was fried. Was really hoping to have lobster or shrimp this night but besides fried shrimp, none was available. Overall good place. It is kind of hard to find, so make sure you follow the GPS.
The live acoustic guitar music and super friendly service create an amazing feel-good atmosphere. We went twice during our one week vacation! The burgers (especially the green chili burger if you like some heat and the game changer) and fries were great and the scallops were delicious. And they went out of their way to please my young kids -- even sending us back to our hotel with extra plastic cups to use in the tub! As far as beers, I liked the sunfish ale and the apricot while my husband preferred their summer and monkey. Five stars for fun, casual place with a great atmosphere.
My fiance and I both loved the food and I really enjoyed the beer selection.  We will return once more before she leaves Flrodia for good.
Had a great time at Sea Dog. Our waiter was Steve. His knowledge was vast, and his recommendations were great. We enjoyed several appetizers, "good" beer and red velvet cake. The only problem is parking lot. The plaza is very busy, and parking is a huge issue.
Weekday hours have changed. Stopped in for lunch and the sign on the door stated they open at 4pm. So, we came back later. And, too late! They only serve apps after 10pm.  But that's ok, they were able to feed the kids off the kids menu, and we ordered wings and the spinach dip. Both were pretty good. We went to try the beer, it was good. Overall, not as impressed as the other reviewers, but it could have just not been our night.
Great food. Great beer. Great ambiance. Great service. Would recommend to anyone in the Orlando Disney area.
Nice bar atmosphere and a few late night app specials. Lots of TVs for sports viewing.
Had a great time at Sea Dog. Food was excellent and the Sea Dog Apricot Ale, Sea Dig Bluepaw Wild Blueberry Ale was fabulous, good brew. Hat's off to Nick our waiter, he was the best. Definitely going back. If ever in Orlando must come.
It was such a pleasure to dine here. The service was great the food was fabulous and the atmosphere was a delight.
Let me just say not only was my boyfriend impressed, it myself as well. I'm not a typical beer or brew house person but we have found one of new happy hour places! We went last Friday night and it was pretty busy but got seated right away. Our waitress, Taylor, was awesome. She went out of her way to check on things for us and make suggestions and knew what she was talking about and was very fun to talk to! We got the artichoke dip and opted for the added lobster meat ( additional $3) but oh man was it worth it and so good! He also got a cop of the clam chowder and being from Massachusetts, he highly approved. For our entrees, he got the salmon burger and myself, the BBQ. Shrimp and cheddar grits with a light avocado salsa on top. His was served with some seasoned friends and was very well seasoned and cooked really well. My shrimp and grits were just pure awesome. I do honestly wish I got the salsa topping on the side or not at all, it took away from the grits and those were really great, but I picked around and still loved the dish. We did get some of the beers on tap. For myself, I saw they have a special brand of soda, Eli's, and in luck, they carried what's called parrot punch. Its a Non alcoholic fruit punch soda that is wicked good. They also offer a flight of beers if you can't decide between a few. They have trivia every Tuesday at 5:30 and happy hour mon-Friday 4-7. We've already gone back for lunch and plan to go back again. This place has it all, great food, service ( management too! The owner stopped by our table to chat and was extremely nice) and a fun atmosphere and a beautiful back porch seating. It's a gem in the middle of a tourist trap.
I absolutely love the variety of beer and the quality of the food. I for sure will come back!
My husband and I are staying at a nearby hotel and saw this brewery had just opened.  We love us some craft beer, so decided to check it out. So glad we did!  Service was amazing... Both our waiter and the floor manager were very attentive and knowledgable.  The beer.. Delicious!  My favorite was the blueberry and the shipyard export.  The food was also great.  Highly recommend the pretzel sticks!  I had the chili, and my husband had a burger.  Very pleased!  If you are staying in the area, this is definitely a place I'd suggest checking out.  Its nice to get away from everything-Disney for awhile  :)
Wow!!  Ordered the green chili burger...outstanding flavor and cooked perfectly.  Also the peel and eat shrimp - perfectly done, tender throughout.  Service was excellent - my gosh - I could not think of anything they could have done better!  All this and reasonable prices...put this establishment on you radar for your next stop.  They do it right!
Over priced for ok food. Ale house down the road is cheaper for better food. Beers were not bad. A small variety.
One of the original locations was located where I grew up, so I was very excited about this place. We finally had time to go try it yesterday, and I can't say enough good things about the entire experience. The set up is very open and airy. There are low tables, high tops, and booths around the walls, but you don't feel closed off in little pod booths. This place encourages interaction and making new friends. There are nice big windows and bar games like cornhole and GIANT Jenga. Very fun. We had live music playing which was great. They were not too loud. The wait staff is wonderful and really knows what they're talking about. Great knowledge of the beers and the food. At no point did we feel rushed. Most places around Orlando can't wait to shove the check in your face and get rid of you without even asking if you want dessert or another drink. I've been living in Orlando for 2 1/2 years, and that's the usual causal dining experience. This place is different. You can just hang out. The food and drink is outstanding, and not just for the price. It's a nice 2 page menu. Not a gigantic 5 page overwhelming novel like Cheesecake Factory has. We had 3 beers each, the soft pretzel sticks, and the special which was a margarita flavor blackened wahoo sandwich. The beer cheese sauce served with the pretzel sticks is pure EVIL. It's so good. Dangerous. The sticks themselves were actually pretty. Looked like mini baguettes. I'd never had wahoo before. It's AMAZING. My eyes were bugging out when I bit into that sandwich. Delicious. It's like mahi, but less fishy. Very nice. Onion rings are AWESOME. Beer was fantastic. Very fond of the sunfish ale. We had no room for dessert, but I plan on attacking the creme brulee cheesecake next time we go. We loved it so much, and we are local. We joined the mug club. We got a free beer right then and there just for joining plus a t-shirt, birthday meals, and lots of other benefits. This place was already getting busy at noon on a Sunday, and it's only been around for about a month. There's a reason for that! This will very easily be our "home" bar. This place feels comfortable while avoiding the greasy tourist trap condition of so many Orlando restaurant.
I've been dying for this store to open and since its open for friends and family night, it's gotten nothing but better from there! The atmosphere is fun and energy-filled, with live music on the weekends (and apparently a possibility of every day in the future), and very reasonable craft beer prices (4.50). They also have a sweet happy hour where its 2 for 1 house wines and beers and half prices on appetizers--which are all amazing, though ask for the calamari with the key lime tartar sauce instead of the olive one it comes with. As for the food, I had the export fish and chips the other day and it was as good as any I've ever had, including in England! My wife had the lobster mac and absolutely fell in love. Next time I'm getting the Blonde Ale Cheeseburger--saw it at the next table over and it looked amazing. Our server (Frazier I think?) was extremely knowledgable about the beers they have on tap and reccomended the blue fin stout (their guinness substitute--definitely stands up to guinness side by side) for me, and the sunfish (their house brew- slightly sweet with notes of peach and grapefruit) for my wife. We love loved them, and we'll be back soon and often!! Hats off to Barney and Sea Dog!
Yelp so let me down! I listened to you guys and ended up feeling so ashamed for paying $50 to eat here. I gave it two instead of one because the beer is pretty good (we both had flights). The guy running the valet was a hustler too which may have been the best service. So dining...here is a tip....if it is a Saturday night at 7:30 and there are only 10 people inside....take the hint. I ordered the "game changer" and my wife ordered the Beef tip artichoke salad. The waiter was attentive, but we were his only guests. No, I'm not kidding. So the game changer looked good as it was beef/venison/bison and had bacon. But when it came it was done....really done and so dry (I ordered medium well?). I know venison and bison are lean, but for $15 I was looking for a dang good burger. The bacon was the thin, see-through kind that you microwave from a package...or the kind you get at the hotel buffet but really isn't bacon. You know what I'm getting to. My wife's salad said romaine lettuce as part of the description...it was an iceberg salad complete with a 1/8" of water at the bottom of the salad. We thought it had to be a joke as it looked so cheap. We should have taken a picture. Dang it. She said the beef tips were good though. We paid for it, but should have just walked away. That's what made us feel so bad. It makes us feel so cheated. Save yourself...wish one of you would have told us and saved our vacation dinner. Drink the beer and go elsewhere.
Food and atmosphere were great!  There were games to keep our kids entertained while we waited for our dinner.  I had BBQ shrimp with grits and they were soooo yummy!   Hubby had the BBQ burger and really enjoyed it.  Kiddos had chicken strips and they were pretty typical.  Server was a little lifeless but she served everything with a smile.
Giving them 4 stars because of the selection and quality of the draft beer.  Living in the Northwest, I find it challenging to be in lousy beer states like Florida and Texas, so this was a find -once we found it!  It might take them a while to get the hang of running a casual, comfortable establishment.  They DID just recently open and its a fairly large establishment so little things like music so loud I couldn't hear the waiter, or overflowing paper towel waste in the men's restroom are probably kinks that will shortly be worked out.  My menu items were good and the menu is certainly a step up from pub grub.  Go check 'em out.  And across the parking lot, if you REALLY require a beer choice, check out the little odd place Hammerheads.
Not so good....in fact, terrible. Went there on a Friday night while visiting Orlando for the Wine/Dine 1/2 Marathon and food festival. Was looking for a somewhat-healthy dinner for me, and great food/beer for my friends who were part of my cheer squad. Although the selection was decent, the quality of service, and ultimately, the food, was horrible. There were 3 tables who were seated after us, and received their meals...when we FINALLY got ours (after the manager and our server came by to see what was up), my husband's Game Changer was rare and my Apricot Chicken was cold (and the cheese was solidified). Our friends meals were okay, but its kinda hard to screw up a salad! The manager offered NO compensation, it was our server who apologized profusely - we weren't sure where the hiccup occurred, but we did get our dinners for nothing. The craft beer was great apparently..... Probably would not go back, and wouldn't recommend.....
We were here in June, 2013.  Atmosphere, food and beer were great.  Wait staff had me try a couple of the crafted beers and they were awesome.  So good I went back the next day and tried another.  Great serve, great staff.
Went here based on the positive reviews. Good food, really good IPA. However, the wife had an oyster shell in her food. Manager came, was very apologetic as well as the cook and the waitress. Manager actually took care of the entire check(of which 6 people ate). This was above and beyond, in my opinion, which is why I give 5 stars. The food overall was good, the experience was great, staff was awesome.
Went here for dinner tonight with our kids, looking for something different than the usual commercial restaurants. Had the light house beer, which was pretty good. No life in it, but the taste was good. Not much of a menu besides sandwiches and burgers. There are a few different entrees to choose from, but nothing exciting or different. Three of us ordered a pasta dish, hoping to have leftovers, as pasta is inexpensive and it always seems like you get mounds of it wherever you go, but this was not the case. My husband I both finished our entire plate and one of our kids even almost finished theirs, which never happens. My husband added shrimp to his pasta and it was an additional $4.99 to the $13.99 charge for the small pasta dish. I'm pretty sure I have never paid that much for pasta, ever! The side bread that came with all pasta dishes may be the most disgusting I have ever tasted. I don't know what they put on it, but it did not taste good at all! I am not a picky eater whatsoever, and I never review places, but had to leave a review after seeing how many stars this place had. Not good in my book.
Sea Dog is awesome.  The beers they brew are the best I've had (some of them are delicious and fruity).  The ambiance was great, service was wonderful.  It didn't hurt that I had great company too.  We had the best time there.  Definitely hoping to go back!
Love the food. Not the usual pub food found around Disney.  After 10pm, the beers are $2.25. All the pints are $4.50. You won't find $5-7 beers at this place.
I Read the other reviews and just had to add my two cents.  Newly  opened with a staff of employees who want to  please !  Visiting the area and heard great things about this place. Had to see for myself since my Chicago offers the best! If you're  in the area a must visit!  Especially if you like happy hours , good food and beer!
GREAT ATMOSPHERE, GREAT BEER, GOOD PUB FOOD! The restaurant is hidden right off of Disney Property! On a recent trip, I ordered the Beer Sampler which is reasonably priced and you get to select the beer you want to try. The Beer Sampler is recommended! The atmosphere is a bit noisy around dinner but does offer outdoor seating as well! Prices are a lot cheaper than any DISNEY bar or grill! The food selection is pub/ American food choices! I would return to this location in the future!
The first time I went to this restaurant, the waitress talked me into getting the lobster roll. I should've gotten the burger. I had one bite and didn't like it at all.  When I asked for something else I was told that wasn't possible since I had already taken a bite, so I tried to power through it hoping it would be a quick acquired taste, but it wasn't. And several hours later, it made me sick. However, I went again for a friend's farewell dinner and this time got what j wanted the first time.  It was soooo much better than that darn roll! I thoroughly enjoyed it and ate the whole thing.  I would go again. Their drinks are good and I would get the burger or apps!
I really liked the ambience here. I guess mostly because I have a loud 4 yo son and I felt as if he could talk a little louder in here due to the high volume. The food was good. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was pretty good. 4yo had the hamburger sliders. He said they were yucky, but husband tried them and said they were delicious. Another couple with us shared the lobster dish and said it was great. I tried a bite and it was indeed good. Husband had the BBQ sandwich and said it was good. We mainly went there because the husband likes a good beer. He had a few and said they were all really good. He had one called the smashed pumpkin, I believe. It had cinnamon and nutmeg around the rim. It was really good. That's coming from someone who doesn't even like beer. The service I feel could use a little work. Our server was horrible, but he wasn't great either. He seemed a bit annoyed in my opinion. I would have liked him to walk around the table when taking orders instead of me having to yell my order across the table because it was so loud in there. If I lived close but I would eat here again though.
I don't like to be negative but the service was meh at best. Ordered the calamari as an appetizer it came as if they had just microwaved it. My meal the apricot chicken sandwich, the chicken was extremely rubbery. My wifes sword fish was blanned. Our server had no idea what was going on from start to finish. We got a story about a squirrel inside the restaurant and that was her excuse as to why she had no idea what the cath of the day. She wasnt a bad person just slow and out of it. Saw her maybe 3xs the whole time we were there. There was also a total of 5 tables being served at the time so it was not busy. I don't know if it's because of the chicken or the calamari but I spent my night feeling I'll and ended up vomiting my life away at a bathroom at horror nights. I'd probably never return. And suggest staying away from the apricot chicken.
