It's a chain,.. they have some money sucking video games, and the mandatory claw for my daughter who is a "claw" junky.  But the real reason we went?  Kids night on Wednesday and kids eat for 99cents.  And they raffle off a bike at 8pm. Atmosphere:  Ok it is a sports bar with lots of large T.V.s Service: Decent Food:  Good selection of food and any sauce you can think of for your wings. If I am in the area,.. and need a place to take kids "out" easily,... I will return.
Why can't any Buffalo Wild Wings location give me a good experience?? Came to this location and ordered an Absolut and cranberry and it was served in a 4 1/2 ounce glass?! Really?! You would think that if they were going to sere their mixed drinks in a small glass you could actually taste the liquor but no I couldn't. Disappointed in every location I have tried in other states as well.
Tried to order over the phone to-go. Apparently only one person knows how to take an order over the phone and they are no where to be found. Was on hold for 7 minutes before we hung up and called someone else.
So I was meeting a friend & came here for the trustworthy BWW's experience. Sports and some drinks at the bar. Unfortunately I dont know when they decided this was a night club but before I walked in I heard the music bumping from the parking lot. I couldnt believe it. I walked in and there was a DJ and loud music with a dance floor playing some salsa or whatnot. I was disappointed; being a very loyal BWW I was not expecting that. I wanted to have some wings and a relaxed atmosphere. I left as soon as I noticed that I was not gonna have my relaxing bar time. Not to mention the bartender's attitude was not the usual laid back take care of your regulars like Im used to from most BWW. I will not be going back to that BWW only because it's a chain & I should not have to look up their nightly calendar to see what event they have going on.
Let me start off by saying this would be a 5 if the kitchen would have produced. With that said let me get the bad out of the way 35 minutes to get us our order of wings with maybe 5 other tables in the entire place! In my mind that is ridiculous. Now for the good... Holy cow did they ever step up to the plate with the big meaty wings!!! I was beyond impressed with how big and filling the wings are. It has been a few months since we had been so this was a nice surprise. I would also recommend going on Tuesdays as I would assume you get more for your money as they go by weight on other days.
I'm not going to lie, after several recent bad experiences at BWW back in the Chicago and Orlando area, I had about written this place off. But after a long day with the family at a gymnastics meet, this was about the only thing open at 10:30. The food has definitely changed for the better. Back when they introduced themselves about 13 to 15 years ago, the wings were really good and meaty. But as with any big chain, they cheaped out and began serving really crappy wings, traditional and boneless. But now they have redeemed themselves in my book. The only knock I have, and I get that it's a bar type atmosphere, if there aren't a lot of people in the place, then turn down the bumping ghetto music.
If your going here for the beer, woopie you found the place to go, they have light beer specials, This is the Denny's of beer joints! Bland, Bland and unordinary. Personally I like a bar with personality and good bar food. But, if your meeting friends for a beer and ok food, Wild Wings is for you, and while your there buy one of there bullshit tee shirts too. Sorry for the tangent, service was good, the beer was cheap, and the food was basic. It's a place where you'll meet that perfect divorcee, who had to get away and the kids are at her son of a bitch ex-husbands place. Kidding (sure)!
If you like tasty wings and sports, this place is for you!  As you probably have figured out, Buffalo Wild Wings is a bar&grill chain known for their 14 sauces ranging from Sweet BBQ to Blazin'. I just happen to forget that there is one in the Wal-mart plaza on Osceola Parkway, close to the Turnpike. I really enjoyed this location; the eating space was nice, clean and spacious, great for groups, especially if you are wanting to watch a game. Surprisingly it wasn't very busy for Monday night football.  There are many large screens that are easily seen for views of games of your choice. Tonight I happened to watch football, poker, and basketball at the same time. Service was all right, not too fast, not too slow.  The restaurant manager even made his rounds to each table to make sure that we were doing ok with our order and that our server was being attentive to our needs. He did jump the gun on her and brought drink refills about a second before our server came by to check on us. The wings are by far my favorite item on the menu and I've tried several appetizers and other dishes. I will only order wings from the menu though, with my favorite sauce, Asian Zing. The Zing has a very teriyaki taste to it with a kick of spiciness. Not for the person that doesn't like spicy sauces.  If that is you, I'd recommend the Sweet BBQ which is one of the milder sauces.  I have yet to be brave enough to try blazin' for fear that my ears will fall off my head. Another great thing?  Taking my last soda refill to go.
This was my first time ever to a Buffalo Wild Wings. From the outside, it doesn't look like anything particularly special but once I walked in, it was like BAM! The place was big as compared to what the outside looked like.  Plenty of seating, full bar, and TV screens everywhere. We were greeted and seated right away by the Hostess. Shortly after that, our server, Jessica, stopped by and took our drink orders. Jessica explained that the sauces there were unlike anywhere else. A medium buffalo sauce there was like a hot at most establishments. I went with her advice and ordered some wings with the medium sauce along with some wedges. Jessica was spot on about the sauce. Now I have a starting point and can work my way up the scale of hotness.   The service was prompt and friendly. The wings and the wedges were good and the place was clean. I would have no problem returning here for some wings and a nice cold one while watching a boxing match on one of there many TV's.
It seems every Buffalo Wild Wings I go to has the same terrible service, but this one really hit the nail in the coffin for me. I really wish they'd step up their game cuz I think they have a great menu with good food and good potential. But when I personally have to get up to refill my own drinks, go to the waiters counter and get my own napkins and silverware when we are the only patrons in the place, I get a little tweaked. Then to spill drinks on my bf and offer no help cleaning up or a new table....just really set me off. I hate giving bad reviews but after continuous bad experiences...I'm just going for it.
A welcome name from home. So yes this is a chain. Good wings, plenty of screens covering the latest in sports events and a nice beer selection. Though I thought this place would definitely have an IPA or some stronger Ale. My adventures in Florida lead me to believe that the Bud Family has a stronghold here and that micro brews are just not available. And for some reason, lagers are the choice of the state. Even if you do find a local brew, it is usually a lager. But there is an Ale here that our server kindly recommended - Drifters Pale Ale. At last something you can sink your teeth into. Outside of that, they still have a great selection of wings and numerous specials through out the week. Admittedly, that is why we go, so our tastes of their other foods just isn't there. The flavors for the wings are on a temperature chart and we only got to the Caribbean Jerk. How hot can you eat them?
I went on a Saturday late afternoon for some wings, beer and college football. I had the spicy garlic wings and they were quite good. The wings were meaty, well prepared and the garlic sauce was great. The beer was cold as it should be for an American lager. The staff was good, attentive and friendly. I have no complaints in this department. The bathroom however looked like a bomb range. More frequent attention should be paid there. This is the reason for only 3 stars. Overall nice place with plenty of staff and good wings. The atmosphere is nice as well.
Service was OK but not great. Food was good but I was disappointed by the amount of celery given with our wings. We both ordered a small portion of celery with our wings (which was extra $) and when the order came we received a total of 4 celery sticks. When we asked if that was two orders of celery they said yes. So I guess you need to be aware that a small order is equal to 2 celery sticks. All in all the wings were OK. I will have to go back again to see if things are better.
Big impersonal place with wall to wall big screen tvs.  Beers are large and cold, wait staff isl friendly enough, food is unspectacular at best.
I went about 7:30 pm. on a Thursday night.  They have tons of tvs as it is a sports bar with lots of large televisions.  The service was great.  I had a glass of white zin and a black bean burger.  THey will substitute any of the burgers for black bean ( you have to read it in the tiny print).  I had mine with a side salad, which the salad was yummy.  Black bean burger, I was a bit disappointed in, but hey it is black bean right?
Went here a second time with my husband's work crew for a celebration of sorts.  Luckily it was gratis the sports coordinator.  Both dieting and not, I find their menu lacklustre and their food about the same.  Most at our table shared platters of wings before ordering an overwhelming amount of burgers.  The whole experience was a dieter's nightmare.  I drank water until I almost fell over from low blood sugar, then ordered a chicken quesadilla to take home.  That was pretty decent.  This place is a sports bar with overkill: too many TVs, too little else to focus on.  I concentrated on the floor, the fairly empty room, the lack of smiles and conversation at our table.  A complimentary dessert didn't even set things straight.  Unless there's noplace else to go, save your money for the competition.  I hear it's fierce.
Great wings!! No one playing Buzztime but service was good :)
