Last year when I lived 3 miles down the road and worked less than 1 mile away, I was a local here for Thursday night trivia. The food is your standard bar food fare. Nothing that special or fancy. If my team ended up winning, we'd put the winnings toward nachos and a pitcher of beer to share. I had a sandwich every now and then- but I'd usually wait until I got home. What I liked about the beer on tap is that they have a different beer special every night, which was nice if I ended up there on another day of the week! What I really want to talk about is the STAFF. They're small, but mighty. They get overwhelmed on those trivia nights- but they still manage to take care of everyone. I forgot my wallet one night I was there for trivia and didn't even notice until my friend texted me after midnight about it. I thought she was crazy because I hadn't realized I had lost it (this is the first and only time this has ever happened to me in my life!)- but apparently she came back a few hours after we had all left to have a drink with another friend and the bartender had been holding onto it. He recognized she was my friend and he wanted to give it to her to give to me before the next shift of people came in. He didn't want to leave my wallet there overnight. Now that's what I call good service. I wish I had properly thanked him. They're good people!
This place is hardly ever busy, so I always get exceptional service from the bar staff. The pot of gold soup is amazing! The cooks are really accommodating if you want to switch or add ingredients on a sandwich. I look forward to returning!
Great bartenders & friendly environment for a casual night out.  Was so pleasantly surprised that the 'late night menu' food was JUST delicious!   Immaculate clean, diverse crowd & music on the jukebox.   Great little spot for some cold beers, cocktails and a bite to eat... not a chain - AMEN!
Great happy hour and daily specials...  Quesdilla with chicken  must try.  So good small little place but big variety Def coming back
While on vacay with 6 girlfriends from Michigan we accidentally popped in here. We were trying to eat at Joe's Crab Shack & it was 1.5 hour wait so while waiting we asked the bartender where to go and he sent us here. It's hidden next to a Publix grocery store and is a small place. We ended just getting food and drinks here instead. Three of us had salads, they were VERY LARGE & delicious. I was beyond happy with my choice of chef! Lots of fresh toppings, & bread to go with! Others had paninis which looked good, but I would most def always recommend the salads! The drinks were VERY STRONG & kept our 3 hour game of 'never have I ever' extremely fun! We went on a Saturday night before St Patty's day and never got busy at all.  This was a fun place to chill and relax & have fun with friends! I had 5 vodka tonics and a large chef salad= $30 tab
Stopped at Mulligan's Pub for a lite lunch after a 2 hour leisurely  bike ride around Celebration. The Reuben  ($9.25) was served with marbled, lightly toasted pumpernickel bread, a small cup of red potato salad and kettle type chips. Not an overstuffed sandwich, but the brisket and sauerkraut was delicious  with just the right amount of Thousand Island  dressing to help balance the ph of each bite. I'd opt for a substitution of the Pot. salad on next visit. The 16 oz. ($3.00) Yuengling  brew helped mellow the whole days' experience artfully. So glad one of the front outdoor tables opened up for us, as we would have passed if forced to eat in doors. We simply couldn't do their typical Pub environment after enjoying the great out of doors.  Too nice a breeze in the front to pass up-as the tables in the back were , well, in the sun beaten back with zero environment appeal.
I kept bypassing this place, well... honestly, because it looked dark and scary. But took a chance and went to pickup some lunch to take back to the office.  Lo and behold...  the inside was not dark and scary, it was nice and relaxed and calm! I chose a Reuben, $9.99, and my friend got a cup of Irish Stew, $6.99, and a BLTC on French Bread, $9.99.    Waitress was friendly and I got to read a bit of the Orlando Sentinel while I waited.  Food came nicely boxed up and I scooted back to the office. 2 min later, I'm seated and digging in...  Nicely toasted pumpernickel bread, with CHUNKS of delicious corned beef.  It was extremely tasty.  Also came with a bag of Ms. Vickie's chips and a very small cup of potato salad.  I'm not a fan of mayo based salads, but I ate it and it was good. I got to peek at my friend's Irish Stew...  looked so tasty with giant chunks of meat and veggies and it smelled wonderful.  Definitely trying that next time! Noticed on the door a sign for Kinky Bingo, Fridays starting at 11 PM.  Hmmm, might have to play and try a Shandy!
I went for St. Patty's day party, so perhaps I'm not really able to comment on how the place is on a normal day.  However, I will tell you that the place is kind small and crowded, situated right by a Quizno's and a hardware store.  I like the location.  It seems to be a great place to just walk around on a nice afternoon. Great for St. Patty's day with live music, green beer, alligators on a leash, and dancing.  Perhaps I will visit again another day for food.
Many places claim to be Irish Pubs. It wasn't until I spent time providing consulting services in Ireland that I discovered what a true Irish Pub was. Mulligan's Pub near the town of Celebration offers the most authentic pub experience in Central Florida. The limited menu focuses on traditional pub favorites like the "ploughman's lunch" and the potato soup. Meanwhile, the Guinness is cold and the bartenders know how to make a proper half-and-half.
Not really a fan of strip mall pubs, and that is exactly what Mulligans is. Beer and food are just OK.  If you want a "Real" guiness go to the Rose and Crown at Epcot.
Good food, full bar, small but comfortable to hang out.
I am usually there every week.  Good place to have a beer after work without being hasseled.  Great happy hour draft special, 2 for 1 domestics. Seats are usually available except sometimes on friday happy hour.  See what their specials are if you aren't familiar with the place. Their rueben is real good too.
Boring, bland.  The happy hour special was not bad, but when asked about the beer of the day special they refused to honor the beer listed on the menu, explaining they had selected an alternative.  The beer of the day ($3) was going to be full price instead.  Most of the food menu offerings were crossed out with a sharpie.  Understaffed too, slow service as a result.
