HUGE shopping area! The one thing that feels like it is missing is a Target or Wal-Mart. If the plaza had that, you could get all your shopping done there! Of course, a Target is never that far so it's not a major loss. Lots of food options here, from fast food like Wendy's, to fast casual places like Pei Wei and Chipotle, as well as sit down places, like BJ's. Good variety of clothing and home shopping options too, with Kohls and a freestanding JC Penney being the largest spots. There's also a movie theatre here, so they have entertainment covered as well!
Decent size shopping center broken up into two different sections. It has a wide variety of shops such as: Bells,Jcpenny,  Kohls, TJ Max, Old Navy, Michaels, and Old Navy just to name a few. It also has a movie theater. There are several restaurants available in case you get hungry. Anything from a Topical Smoothie, Pei Wei, Abuelos, BJs, and Chili's plus more. This place is very busy just about any time of the day or evening. There parking lot is not big enough and many people aren't paying attention while driving or walking around. Also to get to one side of the Loop to the other you have to cross a busy road. Be very careful here. People can't seem to figure out how stop signs work here. I also try to avoid this area on Friday and Saturday nights. It seems to be the local hangout for all the teens in the area.
Every time I go here, a paraphrased version of "Hotel California" goes through my head: "You can get here any time you like, but you can never leave." The original part of this development (known as "The Loop" -- stores like TJ Maxx and Beals are in the newer "Loop West") is wedged up against John Young Parkway and Osceola Parkway, both high-traffic roads. There are more driveways in than out, and more people trying to leave than the stoplights allow. So come, enjoy the shopping, dining and entertainment, but pack your patience cap for your exit. That all said, we do enjoy the Macaroni Grill here (better food, lower prices and shorter waits than the Olive Garden across the street), as well as a few of the smaller eateries, and if pressed for time will go to the Regal theater. The Loop has a decent selection of locations, and almost enough parking most of the year -- just terrible, terrible traffic flow and access. That loses it big points in my book.
OK, the Loop isn't as bad as some people make it out to be, but it does have it's faults. It is very convenient for me or my friends/family to go to. It's easy to walk around and they do have several pretty good stores and some good restaurants. Now, did you notice I never mentioned traffic up there? Yeah, that's because it's a MAD HOUSE! They built an overpass to help out with traffic but it's still bad, especially during the Holidays. You might as well not even come at that time of the year. The stores are also getting kind of old (in need of renovations) and they can be pretty cluttered. And even though, like I said above, there are some good stores, there really isn't a huge variety. (Pro-tip: If you can avoid coming up John Young Parkway, do it. Attacking The Loop from the West side of Osceola Pkwy is usually a better bet.) Other than that, it's an okay shopping experience. Nothing all that special.
The Loop in Kissimmee/Orlando is one of the biggest strip malls in the immediate attractions district. From the street it looks pretty amazing, but most folks around here refer to it as a "tourist trap" because it just doesn't have enough stores to make up for its massive size. However, it's not all bad. The Good: Satisfying your Hunger: If you're looking to eat, The Loop offers a variety of choices including fast food staples like Wendy's and Chipotle. There are also sit down restraunts like Chili's and Macaroni Grill. And you even have Ben and Jerry's for desert, and Barnie's for coffee. Catering to your Canine:Because The Loop is all outdoors, it's also very pet friendly, and there's even a Petco if your precious pooch wants to do some shopping. Since I'm not a pet owner myself, I can't say this is a tremendous convenience for me personally, but I hear that many pet owners appreciate not needing to leave the pooch when they want to do some shopping. Bargain Hunting: With discount stores like Dress Barn and Kohl's replacing the traditional Macy's and Dillard's, chances are good that you'll find a good bargain on clothes. The Bad: Hot and Bothered: Although the outdoor mall is a cool idea, when you live in Florida and it's the middle of summer, the last thing you want to do is carry around a bunch of bags in a huge outdoor shopping complex. Maybe this type of structure works up north, but down here it gets old real fast, and you'll find yourself wandering into stores merely to feel A/C rather than shop. Bring the Sunscreen: Not to sound repetitive, but The Loop is in Florida, and there is a serious lack of shade. And that makes fair-skinned folks more than a little reluctant to visit The Loop when the sun is high. Parking: The parking lot is way too big, and since The Loop is structured around the parking lot, that means that no matter where you park, you'll be far away (unless of course you only visit one store.) Also, the parking lot is very hard to get in and out of, and there are only two entrance and exit areas, neither of which goes directly to the main road. Style with no substance: Sure, The Loop has staples like Pier 1 and Claire's but there really aren't any specialty stores to make The Loop worth a special trip. Most of the stores can be found at the nearby indoor Florida Mall, which is about 5 miles away. While at the Loop you must: -Take in a movie at the gigantic Regal Theatre. -Have a Vanilla Specialty drink at Barnie's Overall Score: 4.5/10 = Sweltering Summer Shopping
I go to the Loop/Loop West from time to time mainly because of DSW and BB&B. However, the incredibly AWFUL traffic and parking makes me wish I never go here. It is a nightmare to get in and out of here. There is only one entrance and exit off of John Young, and the entrances and exits off of Osceola Pkwy are almost as bad. The parking lot itself is huge, but can be so difficult to navigate. Especially when the flora and fauna block your view of the oncoming traffic! And don't even think about coming here during Christmas. A complete nightmare. It makes you want to cry. I think I have in fact. The construction is almost complete at the John Young/Osceola Pkwy intersection, but it's a bit confusing. Especially the left turn from John Young onto Osceola Pkwy. Ok, enough ranting about the parking and roads... As others have mentioned, just about every chain restaurant is out here (Bonefish, Abuelo's, BJ's Brewhouse), plus a couple of fast food ones (Pei Wei, Chipotle). So if you are hungry, no fear, they have lots of options. As for the stores, it's a typical large scale outside mall like Waterford Lakes and The Avenue in Vierra. No boutique shops though. Just the usual like JC Penny, BB&B, Pier 1, Kohls, Michael's, Kirkmans, Old Navy, etc.
Movie theater? Check! Stores I actually frequent? Check! Restaurants that won't cost me and arm & a leg? Check! Odd traffic patterns/crossings in a couple places. Hectic during the holidays and weekend nights (a bit), but what mall/shopping center isn't?
Ugh driving and parking at The Loop is usually a nightmare. Thankfully they basically have everything an indoor mall has and it's closer than driving to Millennia or Florida Mall from this area.
Excellent range of mid-scale restaurants and fast food joints with a good mix of stores of all types and products.  It even boasts an 16 Regal Cinema.
The dilemma of mass-chain shopping centers. They have just about every product you need, but you will be sacrificing quality & personal service. If you're shopping for the basic staples of life, you'll find it here. If you want something more special or unique, you need to go to more boutique type places. For the Hunter's Creek area, there are more specialized and unique type places at The Village at Hunter's Creek. I definitely recommend checking it out. yelp.com/biz/the-village…
Lots of shops and easy access to parking makes this place pretty cool.  I usually come for movies, but a lot of shopping and eating places to pick from. Great shopping destination!
I live two minutes away from it and we come here often to shop. My biggest complaint is that they dont have any ATM machines nearby. Please someone correct me if I am wrong and direct me to where i can get cash. The kiosk that are outside the T-mobile store are nice. I would have liked to have had different stores, but having Ross is helpful. Just be sure to come at the right time cuz it does get busy. Not only Ross but the whole shopping center. Weekends are tough to be here. Sorry to see Barnies close down. Hope to get something unique to replace it. All in all its a very nice place to come and shop. You will find all that you need here. Loop West is better in my opinion. Of course cuz the food is there
I like this shopping center. It's unique in it's shopping experience. I just wish things were a little closer together (there is one section that you have to drive to unless you want to walk a good distance). They have a theater, great shopping, and good food. I love going to BJs Brewery and Restaurant and Menchies...those are my 2 reasons for coming so often but when I need to do some shopping, Ross and TJ MAXX are on my list.
