Great outlet to walk around and get good deals. Much smaller than other outlets I have been to which is a good thing. Not to overwhelming. I stopped by today to get out and walk around. Glad I stopped in.
I hate shopping, but school is starting soon, and why not " beat" the crowds. The trip to this store was worth my time. I like that this store is not as crowded as some of the other ones. I can breathe in this one. The BAD : Most of the young boy staff members had no clue about basic courtesy much less customer service. It took about 2 staff members passing me before one spoke (this is after being in there for about 10 minutes in the shoe area). I dont go shopping looking for friends, but good customer service is nice. The GREAT: Got 2 pair of Jordans for a little over $100 - made one girl very happy to go to school "in style!" I had to take a star away just because I dont appreciate bad customer service! **** This week when I went they had 20% ADDITIONAL off the lowest ticketed clearance.  It's either Hit or Miss, but on this day it was a HIT HIT HIT !
I drove out here because I won a gift card through a local blog. And honestly, if it wasn't for me winning I wouldn't have known this place existed! It's way down on 535 after exiting from I4 . I've never driven that far out to know it was there! It's a nice outdoor shopping area of shops. Granted, the selection of stores isn't comparable to what you may find at the Premium outlets but there are still some great shops to check out. Plus I find the stores here are bigger, have more inventory and have less crowds. The parking is centrally located in the interior of the center so you won't be walking miles and miles to shop. I would certainly make a trip here for select stores (OlD Navy, Loft , Converse to name a few) and if I didn't want to deal with the crowds at the bigger outlets.   Give this shopping center some love and check them out if you're in the area! And don't forget to grab a coupon book from mall management!
I am a big bargain hunter.  It seemed like everything here was marked up just to be discounted.  Old Navy had a few clearance items, but it took us limits an hour to check out due to not many people on staff even though it was Saturday.  If you are looking to spend money, and not wanting a deal, this is a nice mall.  Well kept and clean.
Outlets are ok. Place was dirty. Bathrooms were atrocious, food court was dirty as well.
Nice & smaller than the "mega-malls" (which I appreciate,  since I'm not a diehard shopper). Had every Store that I needed,  & a couple that I didn't know that I needed!  :-)
Lake Buena Vista is an average, small-ish outlet center.  Be sure to pick up those coupon books in Orlando somewhere, because there is a coupon for a free coupon brochure with some decent deals on it! Notable stores here are the Disney outlets, Fossil, Gap, Tommy Hilfiger, Nine West, and more recently, G by Guess... prices here are average for outlets. The food court is pretty small and not really worth mentioning. The other outlet centers in Orlando are a lot bigger and have much nicer stores, and most of the stores here can be found at the other outlets.  There really isn't much of a reason to visit Lake Buena Vista, unless there is a store here that isn't at the other outlets (i.e. Vanity Fair), or you just want to avoid the crazy crowds at the Premium Outlets.
As a local, I love shopping here because I have Old Navy, Gap, and LOFT in the same place, for less.  I've tried several times to go shopping in the other outlet malls, but parking is almost always RIDICULOUS and it's intimidating to me to have so many stores.  This outlet mall has plenty of parking (free parking in the middle, with stores along the perimeter of the lot) and has all the stores I'd want to go to.  LBVFS wouldn't be a good choice if you want high-end shopping; none of that here.  Plan to eat before or after your shopping, because the "food court" offers hardly anything to choose from.  Additionally, I'd advise again going on a bad weather day because there aren't places to hide out from the rain unless you run from store to store. *~*~* Print coupons for each store before you go!!  lbvfs.com
It's extra desolate in this outlet simply because it's kind of out of the way for most tourists who are using the I-4 to travel and see the premium outlets instead. I usually go here for my best deals. Mind you I usually just go to the nike stores, or converse stores, gap, etc... But you'll find alot of great stuff here.
I love this outlets because has most of the brand-name outlet store without all the tourist mess!
We thought that this outlet mall would be disappointing because it doesn't look like much from the road. However. it is a really nice outlet mall! There was plenty of parking and it wasn't crowded at all. Having recently visited the overcrowded Premium Outlets in Orlando, this was a nice surprise. I didn't have much time and only hit up the Carters outlet and Loft, but had great success at both stores. Would definitely recommend this smaller outlet mall over Premium Outlets!
