I love this place. Downtown Disney has a lot to offer families. If you have children and want to burn some time before visiting any of the theme parks, this is a great place to visit for free entertainment. Throughout the day they have people perform on the stage near the center, right next to the pond, on stage one can hear traveling music chorus, these are usually middle or high schooler's that travel the United States, folk dancers and all other sorts of performers that kids will enjoy. My oldest son loves visiting the LEGOLAND store, where they have huge bins outside full of Legos for children to build all sorts of things. Even though the service is free, the staff here are very friendly and don't seem to mind all the kids scrambling around. Of course, this does not mean you should just drop off your kids here, as I see some parents do. This is a great place to teach your children how to share, for example, here they only have so many wheels to build cars. When they run out, they do have staff outside that will offer each individual a pair of wheels, as long as they promise to return them when they are finished. While we were here, they even have a contest to see whose car would go the fastest. [Review #196]
Downtown Disney Ghirardelli Ice Cream Shop was one of the most wonderful treats that we looked forward to for many many years.  Unfortunately, the bean counters got there and decided that it would be more profitable to get rid of the glass bowls, shrink the size of all orders, and to put less toppings and hot fudge on everything.  Great idea for the shareholders... Lousy for the persons that have been patronizing Ghirardelli's and Walt Disney World for more than 20 years.   We have decided that since Disney has "Dumbed Down" all of their attractions by removing any educational shows... (We loved Walter Cronkite on the Skyride around Magic Kingdow telling us that 600 semiconductor magnets push and pull the tram around the park, Martin Short telling kids how they were created, even the History of Mexico and the AT&T Sponsored ride  at EPCOT called Spaceship Earth).  Disney also Reduced all adult portions to child sizes... (Even taking the ears off of the Mickey Pizza, making fruit smoothies with crushed ice instead of milk and ice cream, took away the cinnamon pretzel concession from Magic Kingdom), Cut out all Hotel Plaza Blvd park buses from all Non-Disney owned hotels because they would not shell out the $100k per year Disney demanded (even though all the hotel guests are visiting Disney parks and restaurants) ... And raised their prices for each and every year of the 24 years we have had annual passes and stuck concessions selling everything from crystal miniatures to balloons everywhere.  They also stopped cooling the water at all water fountains so that Disney goers must buy their water.  We will now patronize Universal Studios and the other 2000 Non-Disney tourist attractions in Orlando. I'm Sorry Walt... If Disney wants to make lots of money... Disney should fire all the Bean Counters and save the money they are paying them in Salaries.
It seems like I always make an appearance when I'm in the Orlando area.  Lots of things to do, such as shop, eat, walk around, catch a movie, eat some more, bowling, etc.  It has all different price ranges, so bring your wallet and credit cards if you want to go overboard.   And yes, the parking sucks.  There is plenty of parking and still no spots available when you go.  A hit or miss with that one as well as taking the resort shuttle buses to this location.  They take forever getting in and out of there because of everyone else trying to cut them off.  In other words, don't be in a hurry while you're there.   It is a special delight, however, to see the marketplace during the holidays.  So, so pretty!  Skip the parks and hang out here while being at the happiest place on earth.
Very cool place to go if you are wanting to shop for Disney items but there are also a tons of other shops as well.  Parking is free which is awesome!  Well over a dozen unique restaurants to eat at as well quick eat places as well.  The reason why I am giving three stars right now is because of the construction!  It was horrible!  Walkways are a lot smaller than normal and with all the people there it was difficult to travel at times.  I am sure that when construction is complete I will be able to update my review.  If you are looking for Christmas items the Disney christmas store is a must to stop at!  They will even personalize your ornaments so go there first then shop around while you wait for them to be complete!
Today is 10/24/14. All I can say is that Downtown Disney is a total mess. The streets are torn up, the parking lot is torn up and there is actually construction the total length of Downtown Disney, including Pleasure Island. My advise is STAY AWAY.
You can easily spend hours on end here especially if you're a big Disney fan. Even if you're not a big fan, there's a lot of things you can do here... shop, eat, go bowling, watch a movie, etc. If you need to buy any Disney merchandise, you'll pretty much find it here without having to spend money on a park pass. There's also plenty of restaurants to choose from here with different price ranges. Sometimes there will be even a stand selling those famous turkey legs. If the weather is nice, it can get a bit crowded. Remember to packed your patience if you are using the Disney resort shuttles, it can get a little chaotic. Be prepared to wait as you might not be able to get on the first bus that you see for your hotel. If you come here by car, parking can also be a bit crazy.
I LOVE coming here. You can easily spend an hour in here. There's so much to see (and buy!).  Things you see to buy inside DW, you can probably fin dhere.
This may be the best place on earth. I think i had more fun here than at Disney World :) Very VERY busy, so come prepared to be patient. The World of Disney was the best. Check out was fairly quick, but navigating this HUGE store was tricky. Prices were Disney prices. It was as expensive as I expected. A must see if you're visiting the area.
This is a nice place to go, if you want a large assortment of Disney goods without paying park admission.  There are some very nice stores.  We particularly like the Christmas store and some of the non-Disney art and specialty shops, as well as Ghirardelli for ice cream   On the down side, the parking can be impossible.  Food is a challenge too.  There are plenty of choices but the prices are like in the park - overpriced for what you get.  Definitely stay away from the hotdogs.  Blech.  The only reasonable and reliable place to eat is the Earl of Sandwich.
Beautiful here's a couple tips * go to the back and make your way up to the front of the park * look at the menu outside of a restraunt before going in *get disney apps to help not games *get a park map *try 2 get fast pass it helps a lot * bring a lap top 2 check stuff on it in your hotel room *stay in a hotel near disney try all star sports,music,or movies. Ok thanks for listing
This is sort of Disney World distilled into restaurants and shopping. It's a good place to come for serious souvenir shopping or if you have a restaurant in mind. Or if you want to see a movie or go for a short balloon ride. They're currently redoing/renovating a good chunk of it, so it's not quite up to its full potential. I also wish they'd bring back the Adventurer's Club, which I've heard such awesome things about. But really, I recommend coming here for some leisurely Disney souvenir shopping -- I'd say about 90% of what's across the various park stores can be found here, plus some additional things that can only be found here. The World of Disney store is enormous and you could get lost in it. In the past we've eaten at Paradiso 37, which I can definitely recommend as a great eatery. T-Rex looks cool, but it's basically a Rainforest Cafe with dinosaurs, so maybe only if you've got a dino-obsessed kid with ya. Plenty of other choice for food, snacks or adult beverages. In short: If all you wanna do is shop, eat, and hang out, skip the parks and come to Downtown Disney.
This is the place for shopping, eating and people watching at Disney World. There is always something happening at Downtown Disney, entertainment galore and plenty of shops to do all your souvenir shopping and get some grub at one of the many restaurant or fast food options. Something for everyone and we spent hours walking up and down the Marketplace just taking in the scenery. It's much easier to do all your shopping here than to do it while you're enjoying your time in the parks. You can easily charge everything to your room the same as you would at the resorts and you can use the dining plan at most of the restaurants as well.
"getaway after the parks" If you are living in Disney resort that's pretty much the entertainment at night once the parks close. Downtown Disney is very interesting but expensive to eat and shop. We went there on the nights when we came early from the parks. It's open till 2 am and lot of action going on there, plus there is a good variety for food joints.
I came here twice while on my vacation to Disney World, and i loved it! Both times were at night which looking at previous reviews, stated that was the best time to come, but i wish i could have come during the day too. I had planned my trip to Disney for months and made sure i had plenty of money to spend on shopping. Good thing i did! It was not too terribly expensive, but i purchased a TON of stuff. The environment is very alive and just a magical as going to one of the Disney parks.
We had tickets for the Cirque du Soleil show at Downtown Disney and had some time to kill before the show.  We spent a couple of hours walking around looking at all of the shops and watching the Disney sidewalk entertainers. This is a great place for families to get together and shop and be entertained.  My favorite part is the small, outdoor amphitheater where bands play....the night we went there was an awesome sunset in the background...what a great vibe! yelp.com/biz_photos/down… yelp.com/biz_photos/down… yelp.com/biz_photos/down… Downtown Disney is a great place for people watching too.  It was the end of the day and there were a ton of screaming kids...so we counted how many we'd see.  We counted over 12 in a 30 minute time span...LOL, only at Disney! :) We ended the evening at the Cirque show, which is a separate review.  Another bonus is that Disney provides FREE WiFi throughout their parks and this location also has it available. Return Factor - 80%
Come at night, it's well worth it. All the trees light up with sparkling lights and it's absolutely beautiful and magical. Not to mention every corner you turn there is live music through out Pleasure Island. There was also a live statue which was really cool, he moved in a different position mimicking the person for photos. The lego sculptures are amazing, and I'm so glad they changed them. Way more enjoyable. There are a lot of shopping places, and they are all pretty different which is nice. The only down side is how packed it is because it's free as well as parking.
I couldn't be bothered buying stuff from the parks and carrying it around with me, so on my second to last day we drove here to pick up presents. Its very very busy and hot (as is most of Orlando)! But it didn't take us long to find a parking space and we soon headed off in search of Disney related stuff! There's a huge Lego shop in which you can get bricks engraved (which we did as a gift to ourselves and it looks amazing!), there's tons of gift shops, a pin trading and buying area, a chocolate shop, a really tasty sandwich place (Earl of Sandwiches) and so much more. Really enjoyed shopping here and getting everything that I needed. However, there was one 'cast member' who was rude to me and kinda upset me. I went to buy a frozen Pina Colada and he asked me for photo ID - now as someone who is nearly thirty I LOVE being asked my age and happily show my drivers licence at anyone who asks! So I got it out, smiled and said that I loved being asked. To which he got me my drink, took the money, put the change on the counter (even though I held out my hand) and turned his back on me with not a single word! My boyfriend said maybe he thought I was being sarcastic, but that was still no reason for his rudeness. I think he should be sent back to Disney school!
This is an awesome place to get all things Disney merchandise related. Restaurants take the Disney Dining plan. There was a DJ on the Friday night we were there. Another time, we went during the day ~ Be warned, upon leaving, you will have to change buses to get to the water parks. Super crowded at night, probably because its open later than all the parks.
Downtown Disney is a fun shopping, dining and entertainment destination for vacationers as well as the locals.  The district is split up into three different sections; West Side, Pleasure Island and Market Place. Downtown Disney Market Place has some great shop for kids including the world's largest Disney store; the World of Disney.  The Bibbidi Bobbidi Botiuqe, Lego Imagination Center and Once Upon a Toy are one of a kind, that are sure to amaze kids. While there are a number of shops in the Market Place targeted towards children there are a handful located in the Market Place that I enjoy checking out including; TrenD, Mickey's Pantry, The Spice & Tea Exchange & Basin.   While shopping may be the draw to the Market Place you will also find some casual spots to dine including; Pollo Campero, Fresh Appeal, Wolfgang Puck Express and my favorite the Earl of Sandwich.  Along with the casual spots there is the Rainforest Cafe and Cap'n Jack's Restaurant if you are looking for table service. If you're looking for a sweet treat while strolling around the Market Place be sure to stop by Ghirardelli where you can get a sampling, buy a bag filled with their chocolate goodies or order one of their fabulous sundaes.  If candy is your thing then Goofy's Candy Co. is bound to be a confection delight.  If indulging on some baked goods is more your style; babycakes NYC offers up some homemade goodies sure to please. Grab a margarita and take a stroll around.  Enjoy the entertainment on the Waterside Stage or take part in the evening dance party.  Rent a boat from Cap'n Jack's Marina, or dine waterside.  There are many ways one can enjoy a visit to Downtown Disney Market Place.
The Downtown Disney Marketplace, accounting for 1/3 of the Walt Disney World Resort's downtown district. Out of all three areas, I definitely like the Marketplace the best; it's where the huge majority of the shopping is and, IMO, totally trumps California's Downtown Disney in many ways. Of course the marketplace has my favorite store, Disney's Days of Christmas, but there are so many more. Once Upon A Toy, for example, is an absolutely fabulous store decked out w/ oversized Hasbro toy decorations. Plus, this is the ONLY spot now to pick up a build-your-own Mr. Potato Head w/ a whole mutha truckin' sheet load of exclusive Disney parts and accessories. Ever wanted a Buzz Lightyear, Tinkerbell, or even a Cruella Deville Potato Head? U can get 'em here. (Note: when Engineer Toys was around in the original DCA in California, they used to offer this. Similarly, the Five and Dime in Mickey's Toontown used to as well, but I guess they thought Californians had some deep-rooted hatred towards a dress up potato w/ no pants who originally used to be an avid smoker.) Other notable stores include Team Mickey (sports clothes and accessories) and a Disney design-your-own-t-shirt place (which is pretty neat over slightly pricey in the "fracts of life." Florida's World of Disney store is more or less like California's; it appears bigger due to the different layout but has more exciting and salvatory decor. The Lego Store is way more boss, but the small children gather here like some unholy brick builder coven- making hourly sacrifices of their parents money in order to appease the Minifigures. The sweet shop located in this section of DTD, Goofy's Candy Co., is really neat, but I still think I prefer California's Marceline's. There are also some restaurants located here w/ more in the West Side. Overall, I say that WDW's DTD Marketplace is a wonderful way to lose money...and time...and, if you're surrounded by a gaggle of screaming children for too long, your sanity, but all in a good way.
I love to people watch, and other than a crowded airport or mall, this is my favorite place to do so.  Throngs of tourists, mashing into each other (peak season or hours), parents who want to kill their kids, shopping, some ok options for a bite and if you're outgoing, plenty of options to spark up conversations.  A good movie theater with an ok fine in theater as well cls Downtown Disney home.  Downtown Disney is also a great casual date spot.  So, why not five stars you might be asking?  Have you ever tried parking here?
Very overpriced tourist crap. Save some $, and go elsewhere. We went on New Years to enjoy the free festivities, and I still felt like I got ripped off, and I didn't even spend anything!!
How could you not love a Giant sized Disney store with a Bibbidi Bobbidi boutique inside to make little girls into princesses and little boys into princes? This area is great for shopping, people watching, filling up on treats and even has a movie theater. There's a Harley Davidson shop, House of Blues, Planet Hollywood, a candy store or two, Ghiradelli's Ice Cream shop, and a place to buy margaritas. A giant LEGO's store.  You can see a Cirque du Soleil show or you can play inside Disney Quest for hours. When you think you can spend no more money at Disney, just come here and prove yourself wrong. No Disney trip is complete without a stop here.
Given the age and pathetic closing times of even fast food joints in this state, was surprised how busy it was here after 10pm (yes, things close that early). Parking was relatively painless.
Holy crap!!! Downtown Disney world was huge!!! Way bigger than in Anaheim. They have way more stores and restaurants to choose from. They also have a water front, which you can either walk the whole thing, or take the water taxi. The surrounding parking lots are free to park in. The only thing I saw about the stores was every store sold a lot of the same items,, so you wouldn't have to go far to buy the same Disney things.
A great place to enjoy Disney without having to pay an entrance fee! Lots of places to take pictures, shop and just enjoy the sun and the view!
I'm kind of disappointed with what they did here. They took a of the clubs out and replaced them with numerous pubs and restaurants. It doesn't really give much variety. I love their shops but many of them sell the same things. They also have live music in all of the different sections which can be nice. There was one band though that played one song when we walked by the first time and when we walked past them again an hour later they were playing the exact same song. I will say that the Amc there is an absolute must.
Great place to visit. Awesome restaurants with live missive and great food. It's a nice place to go to shop and eat. It still has the Disney charm.  It does get very crowed and the parking can be tedious. Overall, it's definitely worth stopping by and enjoying the food and entertainment.
Very clean, everyone is friendly and there is so much to see! Don't think you should skip downtown Disney just because it's not a park! There is plenty to see and take in!  From the cool shops with trendy items, pins to trade and toys (of course!), to performers and even special events.  There is a lot to see here! We got a few souvenirs here, including a couple that I could not find in the parks. It's a lot of fun. Definitely check it out at night!  I wish we'd had more time here, but after days in the parks, we were exhausted!  Make sure you don't make the mistake my hubby and I did, make plenty of time (at various times of the day) to check this place out!   There's great food, shopping and entertainment. It is amazing!
A very cool place. Here you get to purchase items at places such as Pin traders(a favorite of mine), Lego imagination center, etc. If you love shopping and Disney this is the place to go!!!
