Yep - it's tacky,  yep its a great "people watching" spot - you will see things that will just make you shake your head, but its fun - so put aside your snobbery and go enjoy.  It's good clean fun.  I rarely buy anything but love wandering tourist trap shops...but love walking around them regardless. The saturday night cruise is great  some really beautiful old classic cars. The fun spot doesnt have tons of rides but still a fun place.   Bottom line - it isnt Disney or Universal - it isnt "high tech" -  its tacky tourist fun -so grab and beer and a seat and come along for the ride ....its worth the drive out there and the $5 to park - if you end up having to pay!
Alright, if you're reviewing OT to the amusement parks in Orlando and the immediate surrounding area, that's completely unfair. How can anything compare to juggernauts like Disney or Universal Studios? Now - if you review OT for what it is, it's actually a decent night out. If you were to pick this place up and put it a few hundred miles North it would be 5 stars. From themed nights, surprisingly decent rides, car shows and a large assortment of souvenir  shops it makes for a easy going out night from the larger parks and it's "something to do". For $20 the kids get endless rides, you can grab a beer and check out some classic cars. Pick up some cheap things to bring back home and just hangout. It's worth a visit. Again not the most exciting thing to do in the immediate area by far, but we've always had a good time. I recommend the store that makes the bobble head music videos. You'll know what I'm talking about when you see it. It's absolutely hysterical to make your own or even watch people make theirs.
I have fond memories of Old Town, but memories aren't what I write reviews on. While on vacation in Orlando with my family, we decided to check out Old Town's Cruise night. We were incredibly disappointed. Long gone are many of the unique shops that made Old Town feel, yes like a tourist trap, but family friendly. Everything felt run down. Many of the store fronts were empty. And the cruise night was geared way more toward locals than anyone who was visiting. We felt like we were intruding as we walked around the cars. I remember spending hours here when I was a teen with my family on vacation... this time I wanted to leave after 30 minutes. Recommend skipping Old Town all together.
Great place for people watching, good food, amusement rides, and tons of stores. Located right next to Fun Spot, it's a long strip that on Saturday nights they have a parade with tons of classic vehicles. You get to also see an assortment of different people. They have also a few bars located here with plenty of drink specials. There's tons of little obscure shops through out quarter of a mile road. Recommended for who good wholesome family or date night.
I visited Old Town with my family at the end of our vacation on my way to the airport just to kill some spare time. They had a corvette show in progress, lots and lots of older corvettes to look at. Unfortunately my visit was before noon so some of the shops and attractions were closed. I was still able to visit several really interesting stores with collectibles that you might not see most other places. Some of the attractions remind me of a carnival. If you have some time to kill this place is worth a late afternoon visit with the family. No entry fee.
Not what I was expecting.  I did try the fried gator which was ok.  The popcorn at Kissimme popcorn factory was good and the lady there was very nice.  None of the rides were open and it was 3 in the afternoon.  So we walked around looking at the different shops.  The shop owners werent that friendly and inviting so overall.  My family and. I did not care for it.
This review is in regards to the car show, NOT old town it's self. Also this is only my review on the Sunday Truck show. I have a very rare Isuzu VehiCross.. only 5800 ever made world wide and only 4000 ever brought to the U.S. so it's pretty frikin rare. I emailed the "Car show people?"  from the Old town website where it said to ask if I have any questions in regards to the car show a week in advance as to what day I should bring my car, or if I could even bring it lol. Included pics,Make, Model, ect... Got a response the next day saying Sunday is truck night and I was more than welcome to bring it and that the Sunday I was coming was the first night they are letting Import vehicles come. So I get there around 3pm and line up with some of the trucks that were lined up near the entrance. A guy in a silver SSR pulls in behind me, and I ask him as he's wiping down his truck..Hi! so how is the car show? Dose it have  a good turn out? :  ) His response to me in a gruff loud voice.../ YOU CANT BRING THAT HERE!! oookkkkk...no need to get upset there Bubba.  I tried to inform him that I emaild in advance that I was told it was ok.  His response you may ask fine reader? MY SSR HAS WON OVER 23 TROPHEYS~~~  lOOK  AT EM!!!!. AND CHECK OUT MY AWESOME HOMEMADE PIN STRIPING ON THE HOOD! All the while drooling all over his car.                                                 O _ O   really? As I walk away in hopes of not getting stabbed I get in my car and..wate. Show was to start at 4pm and at around 4:30 the line starts to move. As we make are way along, a car show attendant fossil with his flashy orange cone waddles to me and starts freaking out and making a scene.. HOW DID YOU GET IN HERE!?!?!?! I responded in kind saying, I drove in? His reaction was not "Amused" as I was hoping for. He proceded to say how imports were not allowed and it's only A-MERrCAN TRuuukssss. Well billy bob..you see, I got this email that's from the "Car show boss man" that said I caMOVE ALONG!!!                                              O_o   really?...Really? So we proceed to park where the Truuuukssss park for the show and I ended up being put in a far corner about 5 spaces away from all the "Show" trucks. Starting to feel like a little black sheep here... And dear god the people here that do this car/truck show are the most clickesh/clannish group of people I have ever seen. I swear they were more upset about this than 9/11... I'm sorry...but when a guy in a busted ass dirty Saturn view and a rusted out barely running 93 f150 are giving me the evil eye...let's just say it's going to be a loooong night. I stayed with my little Jap Vehicross the whole night afraid that it was going to get keyed or slashed tires if I left it alone.... THANK GOD some dude hoped on stage singing twang country to divert everyone's attention like Zombies looking at fireworks long enough for me to use the bathroom and get a drink.... And to add insult to the pissed off fossil Zombies, all the regular folks there to see the "Show cars/trucks" were swarming my little jap jap Car asking ton's of questions all the while the line dancing electric slide Zombie Fossil's cars were getting no love...HAHAHAHA  awesome!! Lets just say 8:30 never came fast enough for me to get the hell outa there. I will say that the cruse down the main drag was pretty cool! And I blasted "Safety Dance" while driving. ...then..just as I though it was all over and I was home free....one of the head "Orange cone waver people" tried to wave me BACK into Old town!!! oh no you don't!  that toothless grin you flashed me won't fool this guy! All in all...it was an interesting night to say the least. Will I be back? Nope. Also I'm a guy...and I was there with my boyfriend.----did I forget to mention that? It was very tempting to make our way to the line dancing masses and do a little slow dance and make out..But all there heads would explode and I didn't want to be covered in brains n blood..also if there were no more "line/electric slide dancing orange cone waving Saturn view driving fossil Zombie" people left...how would you yourself be able to experience the show for yourself one day?
After it started raining while trying to go to funspot we decided to walk and shop in old town! we stopped at the first bar we seen had a beer and gator bites.. yummy! the zesty sauce was my favorite :) . It was nice sitting there and listening to the rain with friends and family,just getting off our feet from walking all over sea world . If you like shopping or have a shopping problem like me you will love walking in and out of the shops! Rain or shine, youll find kool things and weird things. Its something to check out if your tired of battling the crowds at theme parks
So much fun with the kids! I think we did everything there! The zip line was the best! Lots of food to choose from, and we did have a lot of it! Bumper cars, go-karts, a mechanical bull!! This place is dope!! Definitely have to do it again!
Not a bad pace if you're on a budget. I recently found myself in Old Town for the first time in years. They've added a lot to the facility. There are not several rides along with the stores and restaurants, which line "Main Street." I think they're going for a main street USA kind of feel but it come across more like Duval St. in Key West; littered with bars and tourist shops. The highlight of my visit was the car show. I got to see a bunch of old cars I haven't seen in a while and the owners are usually around to talk to you. All and all a good time. There's things for the kids to do and something for the parents to do as well.
I have been to Old Town many times but tonight I was very disappointed. This place closes everything rather early. By 11pm, the place was dead and the only things open were bars. Usually you can find Pinchos (steak & chicken on sticks) but there was none of that tonight. I think Old Town needs a makeover in order to bring in more crowds. The positive thing about Old Town is that you can walk around and its free. They had a live band playing old songs and people seemed to enjoy it. They offer a Classic Car Show/Parade on Saturdays but you must get there early in order to find free parking. This was the first time I had to pay for parking which ended up costing me $6.00. Get there early is the best advice I can give you.
Avoid this place, it's really trashy and full of people alike. I was lured in by the outside rides but the actual old town stores are a waste of time. Nothing you can't find at a local mall with a much better aesthetic appeal. It doesn't get it's name for nothing, it literally looks like a run down town with cheap bars and flea market like stores. I was in and out in 10 minutes. I don't think I'll ever come back here.
Old Town is good for what it is - a nice, FREE place to take a stroll with good company. There are plenty of unique photo opps! The antique cars are always nice to see. We also like to watch those who dare to do the skycoaster in awe as they drop, drop, drop, then fly!  If you watch the man in the electric chair.... you might not want to, cuz it's like "haha!" & then you realize how disturbing it is & walk away quickly.. What I would spend any money on are the candied nuts you can smell roasting in the distance as you walk - yum!! Watching ppl fall off the mechanical bull is also good for a few minutes of laughs. If you want to be out & about but are broke, this definitely beats Walmart!
Here is a Place that is good for your family and friends . They have great Rides and The Park is full of stuff to do . There are plenty of places to eat also There is A Checkers Hamburger Place next to the park also A Burger King next to the park . But I Would not Recommend the Burger King because the service is poor and the close early which is stupid !! But lots of cool shops inside Old Town !! They also have some cool Rides to go on . Here is a place to just enjoy your day and cruise around the park . Overall I say this place is fun and cool .
Ehh. Having grown up in Brooklyn...Old Town reminds me of Coney Island but more Floridarized. Less weirdos, smells betters, more boring, version with a prettier ferris wheel with no boardwalk or beach. In other words lmao, its nothing like it but its the same! One spot seemed to be cool, it was this bar playing bachata and everyone was dancing and everything else was bland. It honestly felt like all the Puerto Ricans who moved down here from NY got together the one night that I went. Oh no wait...I forgot, they had a mechanical bull! I didnt go on but it was fun to watch :) They oddly had a dentist office opened at about 8pm and I laughed because the DA's were outside handing out flyers. It was soooo weird, like who wants dental services at that time? .....ME! Because the next day I ended up breaking a tooth. But thats another story. They have an array of things, bars, ice cream shops, tattoo parlor. souvenir shops. And of course rides. Supposedly there's a classic car thing on Saturday nights but didnt get to see :/ If you're in the area and you're from some desolate town in the US you might be interested.
Is it Disney? Hell No! Is it Universal? Not at all. It is a nice way to spend a Saturday night after spending all your money at the other 2 places mentioned, sure! Been going to Orlando twice a year for the past 8 years and Old Town is a stop that just needs to be made when on vacation. The shops are just fun to go into and the car show night is always entertaining. I wouldn't eat at any of the places there except for flippers, and on a week night, it is a little shady. I have been reading reviews and am sort of scared to go back this year..lol. But each time I have gone, I've had no problems and had a good time just relaxing and enjoying the tackiness of it all.
Depending on who you speak with some people will tell you they are impressed with Old Town and some will tell you since Disney/ Universal exist down the street to go there instead. Truth be told, these opinions kinda make sense since Orlando is spoiled with over the edge roller coasters but Old Town provide you with smaller excitement with a cheaper cost. The little squeaky roller coasters can always cause a good time here! I cannot put this place down since it saved me multiple nights from complete boredom. They do have bumper cars, along with arcades, massage chairs, karaoke, bars, and they just built a brand new zip line. So when the pockets are low this is a great alternative to those Orlando theme parks.
With all that the greater Orlando area has to offer I would strongly avoid old town at all costs.  I know I'm sure I'll offend some fans here but I just have to speak my mind.  Upon seeing old town for the first time I was angry I took a cab and didn't have a car to escape.  The "stores" as they call it sell nothing but crap you can buy at the walgreens clearance section for a fraction of the price.  I was babysitting a friends kids so we went straight for the roller coaster.  12$ later (that was 1 ride for 2 kids) they were not amused either. We traveled forth to the "arcade".  That did seem novel for a few seconds because their video games were as old as I am.  Its not often you can see an original Ms Pac-Man being played by 2 kids sporting mullets and wife beaters while their cigarette puts yet another burn mark in the plexiglass surrounding the joystick. There is so much to do around the Orlando / kissimmee area.  Please avoid old town at all costs.
I went here a lot as a kid in the late 80s and early 90s and fondly remembered the 5 cent soda and ambiance. When I returned last week, I found a trashy-looking, generic shopping mall with some graffiti. The parking lot is a cracked, rough mess. The stores used to be 50s themed but most are not, and they're low-quality, kitschy stuff. One if literally called Chinese Imports. The old-fashioned soda is nowhere to be found. Even the old cadillacs they have on display -- vintage cars, for pete's sake! -- are rusting due to lack of care. This place is a waste of your time if you are on vacation. Avoid it.
Ghetto. Nasty. Unfathomly awful. Avoid at all costs and tell others, as well, and maybe they'll remove this blight of in-bred disgrace from Central Florida. Might I suggest visiting something -- anything -- else instead, perhaps?
Classic car cruise on weekend nights are still cool to see, but this place has become a waste of time otherwise. It used to be a lot of fun here years ago when it represented a simpler time, and had an old style small town feel from the 1950's. The Coca Cola store is gone, along with many of the boutique shops that used to line the street. Now it is filled with overpriced tourist crap junk stores, tattoor parlors, smoke shops, and cheesy bars. Even the General Store is not really what it used to be. A lot has changed for the worse here. There is a carnival area here with plenty of small rides (roller coaster, tilt a wheel, merry-go-round, etc) along with some larger thrill rides, carnival junk food, games, and such. Good to bring the smaller kids to I guess. Also, Old Town is now overrun with idiot offspring from white trash parents who don't know how to raise them to have any consideration or respect. It took all my strength to not beat the snot out of a few of them. Heck, even the locals and tourists give off a sketchy vibe here. Also, skip the haunted mansion in a big way. It's a waste of money and time. Actually, it always pretty much sucked. At least Checkers and Flippers Pizza is still here for a quick bite to eat, and Flippers is pretty decent for pies and some Italian plates, but don't expect anything too fancy. Still, three stars for the parade of awesome muscle cars and antique vehicles that parade through here on weekends. They are machines of beauty and the owners take a lot of pride in restoring them.
Living in Orlando, I'm well aware that Kissimmee is where the family on a tight-budget stays. This is why it has amazing gourmet restaurants with names like The Las Vegas Buffet and a hotel shaped like an alligator. Old Town is the answer to many budgeted prayers. It has rides. It has go-karts. It has a large game with a claw that could possibly (never) win you a Wii. It has a haunted house with three actors. It has a cage with a mannequin in it, and you press a button to watch him get what's coming to him in an electric chair. Best of all, for us alcoholics, it has jello shots in syringes! Old Town is probably the only place in the Orlando-area where you'll spot a dozen mullets in one hour. A favorite game among friends is to count the meth addicts. Good, clean fun. Note: Seriously though, watch your stuff. Last time my group went, we were followed to the parking lot by a sketchy looking dude. Had a man in our group not told him to buzz off before our group broke off, somebody could have been hurt.
Wow - the reviews others have given Old Town are a bit shocking.  I wonder if people remember what Old Town *used* to be like and are hanging on to those memories.  Old Town used to have fun rides, interesting shops and decent restaurants...unfortunatly all of those things disappeared in the late 90's. The Old Town of today is filled with really bad knock off "Sony" and "Theme Park" shops, sketchy time share and ticket hawkers, and restaurants and bars you could imagine on "Kitchen Nightmares".  The US-192 area where this is located had gone way down hill since 9/11 and most of the hotels in the area are weekly transient rentals and it seems like that has trickled down to Old Town as well.  Be careful when you are here for petty crime and don't fall for any of the "Cheap Tickets" scams.   The only redeeming quality are a few of the rides..but those are generally pretty over priced.   Orlando has so much to offer - why waste your time here.
Growing up in Kissimmee/Orlando FL was a lot of fun. I used to go to the parks and little touristy places on 192 ALL the time. I noticed by the early 2000's that everything started falling apart and going bankrupt or closing down. I am pretty surprised Old Town hasn't. I used to go as a kid to play in the big indoor playground they had with the bouncy houses and slide that would go above and across the main Old Town Street. I remember getting the little old fashioned bottles of pepsi for 25 cents. It was a lot of fun. When I recently went last year before moving to California.. I couldn't believe my eyes. It is NOTHING like what it used to be. Now its filled with bars, tacky tourist shops, a tattoo parlor that is WAY overpriced, and bad rides. The place is usually crawling with middle and high school kids who have no money or nowhere else to be on a school night. They all walk around being trashy or loud ruining the atmosphere completely. Should I even mention the people working there? If you have ever been to a fair or carnival.. and seen the people operating the rides, consessions stands or games.. thats what you will find there. Scary rednecks who are just sloppy and creepy. And the haunted house?? More like waste of money or groping party. Please do not waste your time, gas or money at this place. Its nothing like it used to be. It is just a big mess now, a huge disappointment. I hate that a great old childhood memory is now ruined.
Hit up Old Town for a few hours my daughter and her friend.  It happened to be Sat night which they host a car show and a live band.  We showed up later in the evening so the car show was coming to an end.  Lots of great looking cars though! We ended up eating at the old A&W can't remember the name of the place.  It was wicked run down and the food was meh..   In the back of Old Town there is a kids area with rides, roller coasters, tilt a wheel, merry-go-round etc.  Best bet is to check in with YELP and you'll get $5 off a wrist band for the rides.  Otherwise you'll be buying tickets left and right.  Each ride is anywhere from 2-4 tickets. It is very touristy, but it was still a good time.
Old Town was a pleasant shopping experience through a variety of stores.  When we needed a break from shopping we went to Sweet Dreams ice cream shop for a treat!   We enjoyed ourselves at a slower pace without the need for a hustle and bustle kind of atmosphere.  We went mid afternoon so not sure what it's like in the evening but we're okay with that.
Not what we expected;  for some reason we were thinking "old town" would be something like in the wild west, or perhaps San Francisco. It was not, it wasn't even a town.  Think of a small carnival the comes to small places and sets up for the weekend, now picture it being there all year long. That is 1/2 of Old Town. The other half is generic shops that aren't anything special. From what i can remember; a tattoo parlor, multiple gift shops, a knife store, multiple snack places, a Chinese imports store, and a place to take "old time" pictures. In other words, a small outdoor mall. The only good thing about OT was the picture place, getting to dress up as a gangster, civil war officer or wild west cowboy. But the fun stopped there. It's 2011 as of this review and the old time picture place wanted $45 to burn our 6 photos to a CD. ARE YOU KIDDING? $45 to drag 6 pictures from an album in IPhoto and click 'burn'?! My wife and I will not be returning to Old Town.
Before the likes of New Kids on The Block and the many boy bands that followed all I new in the world of music was oldies because that's all my dad would play...and as far as I knew that's the only kind of music that existed. So, whenever I hear oldies music I'm reminded of my childhood and the many long days spent with my dad cruising all over town in his Jeep. Oldies songs make me happy and, as a result, Old Town makes me happy for that very reason. Walking through Old Town in Kissimmee, FL is like stepping back in time when a soda costs only five cents, girls wore puffy poodle skirts and guys converse and tight-fitting leather jackets with a cigarette hanging between their lips. Clearly a time that was way before me, but one that I often wish I could have experienced. Fortunately I can at least get a taste of it at Old Town. On each side of the main street are shops that sell various souviener items and look as if they have been there since the 1950s and 1960s. A huge Ferris wheel and antique carousel along with a few other carnival like rides and a go-cart track make this place attractive and fun for adults and children alike. There is also a pretty sweet game room and old fashioned ice cream shop that never fails to please everyone. The best part by far about this place is the classic car show that takes place every Saturday night. People from all over central Florida and perhaps even further come to Old Town to showcase their pride and joy...their restored and well-preserved car from the 1940s or later. Some people keep the original paint color and interior while others get a bit more creative with crazy themes, unique colors and interesting apparel to match. The cars align on one end of the "town" for all to walk through and admire for a few hours before parading up and down the streets surrounding the whole area. While the prices are no where near as cheap as they were sixty years ago, they are far cheaper than the likes of the theme parks nearby. There is no admission fee to get into this place or to watch the car show, but you do have to pay to go on the rides and go carts. The people who work are usually  much older or quite young in age, but very fun to talk to either way. If you haven't been here yet...DO IT!
Ok, I would have given this place two stars if everything hadn't been stolen out of my car while I was there, leaving me with no clothes or a toothbrush for the remainder of the weekend.  This looked like a great place to meet a friend for lunch who lives in the area.  I was quickly disappointed in the selection of restaurants and shops.  We ended up at the Blue Maxx Tavern which turned out to be pretty good but none of the shops had interested me any.  The internet made Old Town seem like a fun and happening place.  Maybe it once was.  It seemed pretty run down to me. One note: the big claw games were kind of cool, you could win iPads and Coach purses.  I would never give up $5 to play it though.
When I told Anthony I wanted to move here he was really reluctant, and a huge part of his reluctance was about the kind of people we were going to encounter. Lets call these feared people "stereotypical rednecks". Since arriving over a year ago, we have found that the general Orlando/Kissimmee area is diverse, with very few of these people to speak of. I now know why. They are ALL at Old Town. With the exception of a handfull of European tourists, this is a festival of cheap beer, confederate flags, wife beaters, missing teeth etc. I bet the carnies still come hang out on there days off....that kind of a place. Now...the good. Its a cute little walk of shops, and I always love anything I can walk a lap on.Free parking. Didn;t eat or drink, but it was CHEAP.  The cars are ok to look at, The souveniers are slightly more diverse than at the theme park shops, and they have that big scary propel you into the air bungee ride, that I sure wouldn't trust with my life....but lots of people do. Worth seeing on a carshow night if youv'e never been.
A shopping center that has gravity! One of my main complaints about living in a big city is the lack of any really shopping centers. Sure, there's a whole bunch of soulless strip malls, and you can find a pier one basically anywhere. But when you venture into more remote places, you find actual shopping CENTERS where people gravitate to because there's a bunch of cool stuff to see and do. Old Town is a lot like that, and it has a theme and style all it's own. The Good: A Bygone Era....: This is definitely a shopping center with a theme. From the kitschy tee-shirt stand to the 50's memorabilia store, this place feels like a step back in time. And no, not in the "OMG this place needs renovations" way but like a "wow..this is so cool" kind of way. Plenty to do: Not only are there shops, but there's a big Ferris wheel here too. Add that to the many attractions close by AND the traditional Saturday night classic car show, and you've got yourself a cool place to go and hang out! The Bad: Not so much to buy....: But if your aim is not necessarily to hang out per se, you might be a little disappointed by Old Town. They have lots of cool girt shops, but you won't find a Macy's here. Although if you *really* want that type of shopping experience, then the Florida Mall isn't too far away. I really like Old Town Kissimmee, but I also realize it might not be everyone's cup of tea. Still it's fun to visit this place at least once! Overall 8.1/10 Old Town Terrific
Its' good for people of all ages, handicaps too.  Straight, gay, single, married, no matter if white, red, yellow or black.  No matter the occasion, there's always something to do here.  Fair open 365 days a year. Rides for children & adults. Shops, boutique, spas, karaoke lounges, clubs, restaurants + so much more.  Open 11-11 every day and dance clubs open till 2 AM.   Every Friday night there's some sort of parade.
This is a little mini walk of shops, restaurants, carnival games and rides. It was fun to walk around and look at the different shops. They also have more grown up games where you can win an iphone, ipad and designer purses. I almost won the iphone but the dam claw let go of my item when we were guiding it towards us. There is also a haunted house there I don't know if they keep it open all year round. It must be scary because I saw this pre teen girl hysterically crying because one of the actors scared her. I love scary movies but I don't do haunted houses unless it's at Disneyland. It wasn't that busy when we went because we were there during mid week. It's a nice free thing to do unless you want to pay to go on the rides.
Just like Church Street in Downtown Orlando. It was awesome during the 80's, 90's and early 2000's. Then Universal and Disney killed them. Still Old Town is a good place for a quick fun time, on Saturdays your can watch the antique and muscle car parade. They are trying the bring the place up with a new zip line and few other newer rides.
Not a bad place to visit and have a snack or a lunch. I fond myself with 2 hours to kill before my check in at the hotel, it is dead in the day time but when the sun goes down the place comes alive. There are stores, restaurants, and bars ,something for everyone plus a few rides for the kids, There is plenty of free parking, it's a nice place just to take the family to, true it is not Disney World but the price is right.
This dated Orlando attraction is still alive and kicking, but not in the way I would imagine its founders hoped for.  There are quite a few stores, bars and eateries here.  Yet, Old Town's offerings extend, seemingly, only to tourists.  As a local resident, I didn't find too many stores and bars that I would drive there specifically for.   If you were a kid, or had kids, I can see maybe heading that way for a trip to the amusement park, Fun Spot.  Or for one of the arcades in Old Town.  At night and on weekends it stays busy which is good but during the week, Old Town seemed like Ghost Town. Another deterrent, at least for me, is the traffic and traffic lights that you must pass through in order to get there.  On a busier night, it can be rather frustrating due to the high volume of cars on the road.  So keep that in mind if that's bothersome for you as well. Notable and worthy places within Old Town: the A & W Restaurant, The Kissimmee Popcorn Factory, Black Market Minerals and Fun Spot.
This is definitely a place where you can tell its finer days have long gone by. We swung by on a Sunday and a good portion of the shops were closed. Those that were open had the standard touristy stuff you expect. The one exception was the Mineral store. I was surprised that most of their stuff wasn't overpriced and they had a huge selection of things. Maybe if we came at night it would be a different story, but given the dinginess of everything, I'm not sure I'd waste a Saturday night to find out.
Tourist Trap.  I've had too many negative experiences here to count and most of them are related to Old Town's management staff.  Teenagers are about the only demographic that will enjoy this dive.
I have been going to Old Town for as long as I can remember!  I even got a tattoo here!  On my last trip this past weekend I was sad to see that the tattoo parlor is no longer open and another one has taken its place.  Other than that, it was awesome as usual.  There is something for everyone here.  I don't think anyone can visit and not leave without finding something to buy.  The old cars are awesome to see, like taking a step back in time.  The kids will have a ball on all the rides and they even have a zip line now.  Stop by once and you will be hooked!
Can be fun with friends.  Old time carnival feel with a bunch of junk shops.  Blue Max bar has karaoke seven nights a week!
It's touristy, kitschy but kinda cute.  Lots of carnival rides & theme shops. I took time to browse through the shops, saw lots of souvenirs, maybe I would've brought some stuff back if the prices were lower in some shops not all.
I loe this place!!! I came 11 years ago and it the original stuff still hasnt changed, but with the times a changin they have gone a bit craxy and built loads of rubbish rides behind the Skycoaster. I remember when it was surrounded by grass! But hey its still a nice thing to be able to walk down memory lane!
Free to enter and it's fun. Lots of stores and spots to eat at. They also have rides and fun things for kids.
It's ok that's it...nothing special...A couple a cheap looking carnival rides....a row of t shirt shops....I did like French crepe shop....would go back for that...
It deserves half a star. $27 for a wristband for my daughter and they told me if the ride REQUIRES I ride with her due to her height then I do not need a wristband or tickets. Not true for the tilt a whirl that cost me 4 tickets ($5.35) which I was required to ride with her. The rides are really run down!! Then...my daughter tripped and fell and skinned her knees so badly she was dripping blood. I asked.around for.a first aid station and I was directed to the ticket counter in which I was handed a box of band aids. That's it. No antiseptic....nothing. we had to leave. We were only.there for  2 hours.
We used to love going down to Old Towne to hang out on a Sat. night every now and then but after what we saw today I can't support this place anymore and would WARN ALL PARENTS not to let your kids go there unsupervised, especially teenagers and this is why. There is a General Store there that used to have all kinds of old candies, tractor stuff and replica antiques you could buy.  We walked in there today and all they have is barrels and I mean barrels of every flavor of bath salts, beer and not much else, that's it! I'm really very scared for all the young people that hang out there that will be tempted to try this crap and disgusted that the owner of this store is so desperate to make money that he has to prey on kids, teens, young adults and people with drug problems. If you're a parent I will warn you that the people there are not looking out for your kids best interests and if you let them hang out there beware of all that goes on after dark. You have been warned.
Not a fan. Good.luck  trying to find something decent to eat here. the only items you will find are chicken strips.and  fries. Oy Veh. is like some kind of church carnival.
Love it so clean and nice . love the eateries and shopping
This is a little hidden place that has plenty of shops and restaurants to visit. It is a little shady though.
My family visited Old Town for the first time last week. We purchased all-day wristbands with a deal offered through Groupon.com. I was a bit disappointed when we arrived because there weren't many rides for the older kids and adults, and what rides they did have were old with paint peeling, seats ripping, and rust all over. But we decided to go for it. We ended up having a fun time, especially on Wind Stormer (coaster) and the Super Shot. But unfortunately, the bad outweigh the good at this location. Besides the rides needing some serious attention, my biggest issue was with the ride operators. Only one of them (Pat I believe was her name) was excellent. She was friendly, smiled, made sure everyone was on safely, and looked like she really enjoyed working there. Everyone else were terrible. Granted, everyone else were also under the age of 25. One kid on the roller coaster never checked the safety restraints. He asked my 11 year old niece if she was good! I snapped back, "She doesn't know. How about you check her restraints instead?" He looked kind of surprised, but did it and continued to check everyone's after that. Another kid was texting while operating the coaster. A girl ran the rides, never cracking a smile, even when I tried to get her to smile. She had only been working for 30 minutes. Several made in-appropriate comments in front of my nieces, even involving one of them in their conversation, until I walked up and asked what was going on. All in all, the $13.50 we spent for the all day wrist band was worth it because the kids didn't know any better and they had a great time. But I would never, ever pay the full price to ride those rides and I do not recommend spending that kind of money to anyone. The Fun Spot is right next door. Their rides look like they are in much better condition and are more age-appropriate for older kids, teens and adults. From what I have read, it sounds like Old Town used to be a great family-friendly place. I only hope that whoever manages it will heed our reviews and re-train their staff and consider giving their attractions a fresh coat of paint. That would at least be a start.
You know if you're the audience for this place or not: if you like old fashioned rides and a boardwalk-like atmosphere, then give it a shot. If you only like big box-like, super-modern attractions, then this is probably not your cup of tea. We had a great time. Old Town definitely has a motley assortment of clientele, plenty of tourist families alongside arguably questionable locals. The comments about "watching your stuff" are probably true; but you watch your stuff anywhere, right??? (For my part, I always assume people are serial killers until proven otherwise...) We went on a few rides, ate ice cream, got a nice caricature drawn for $15... it was fun. Maybe we got lucky, but the bathroom was even OK. (I admit I was frightened by the prospect, but then pleasantly surprised.)
I don't know why it took me so long to visit Old Town, but I'm oddly enough happy that I did finally make it out there.  I had heard horror stories about the cheesy rides and carnival feel, but those aspects made it for me!  We went with some half off depot coupons (kind of like Groupon) and spent a few hours wandering and riding the handful of rides.  If you're looking for theme park rides, this place is not going to satisfy your needs, but if you're bored and need a place to throw back a couple drinks ($2 bottles of domestics, not bad) and feed your inner-child, Old Town can definitely work.  My apologies to the bumper car workers who had to clean up my spilled beer... words of wisdom:  don't try and smuggle a bunch of beer bottles in your bag for the ferris wheel, and take a detour to the bumper cars.  It'll end with your bag, and everything inside, soaked in beer and a puddle of beer rushing toward your feet at every fun collision.  Next time I'll just make sure to have some padding in said bag =P
Wow! This is not what it was two years ago. Took my kids to hit the rides and carnival games and arcade. Paid 35$ for a w wrist band for unlimited rides. Then found out the rides you see are not with old town, but are actually fun town USA next door with the sky coaster,arcade and good rides to include the go carts. We were pissed to say the least. They were nice enough to refund the money for the wristbands. They do have a cool couple of rides still,but just buy tickets you might need to be more efficient. Friday and Saturday are great to see old classic cars at night for the cruise, just pay attention to what you are really spending money on. Flippers pizza is still good to go get a bite or checkers burgers both are safe clean and relaxed places to go get good food.
This place is only good for one thing.....people watching! There is an abundance of some of the strangest folks imaginable. Cigarette smoking, beer swilling, tattooed rednecks by the dozens. With the exception of a new Jimmy Johns sub shop, the food is very mediocre. The stores are overpriced and their products are ordinary or weird, at best. The Saturday car cruise autos are fun to see, and represent a lot of restoration work.The folks that own, restore and maintain these cars are a terrific group. A good place to walk through and marvel at the cars and the element walking alongside you. This place is like a convention of "disability" check recipients, who have learned how to play the government to the hilt. They arrive with canes and walkers, and get up to dance as soon as the music starts, with not a limp among them. If you want your kids to learn what NOT to become as an adult, bring them here for a look. Saturday night parking is a nightmare. Neighboring businesses with parking lots have "spotters" . They watch you park, and if you do not go into one of the stores or restaurants in their strip, and just go to Old Town, they cell phone the tow truck driver, and when your night is over, your car is gone. On our most recent visit we noticed a sushi bar that just opened where a crepe shop lasted 6 months. Also an exotic tea store closed after a few months. Selling sushi, crepes and exotic teas to this crowd is like selling precious stones to homeless people!  Go there often enough, and it's like watching a bad movie on TV, without having a remote in your hand. UPDATE!... 6/11/14...... Very recently someone opened a fully equipped (expensive) manicure/pedicure salon. Top of the line chairs and equipment. A costly business investment.....They might have lasted less than a year..Gone! A pedicure to this group does not work with their $1.89 flip flops!  The best business venture here has to involve cigarettes and beer. UPDATE!!  Stopped by there last night 10/29/14. Put it this way.....The best thing that could happen to this dump.....bulldoze it. and build something...anything.....worth while. OMG...what a toilet this place has become.The kiddie rides are gone. Several big rides are gone. The entertainment on Wednesday nights are two guys (The Dukes) who are like robots. They sing the same songs over and over and over ad nauseum. The "crowd" which was always pathetic, has now deteriorated just like the dump itself.
