AS GOOD AS IT GETS!! This place is magical and filled with dreams that can touch heaven and back, they have everything a person can want. From souvenirs, toys, makeup, jewelry, cooking utensils, clothing; this place has it all. Once you step in you wouldn't want to ever leave from here, the staff is beyond FRIENDLY and helpful to the max. =) My kids left with memories that will last them a lifetime =) =)
Souvenirs galore! No they are not cheap (hello, these are licensed Disney items?), but some of the items I have found here are stuff that I did not find in the stores located in the park (but then again, I did not go to every single souvenir shop in the parks). I do love that they have a wide array of gifts to choose from, though. World of Disney is particularly helpful for last minute shopping just before you blaze out of Orlando. Check them out if you are in a hurry to buy a gift for someone on your list that you forgot.
Many unique items at this store such as the Beautiful Disney cosmetics line which I bought my daughter for her birthday.  You will find bits of things from other stores: ESPN, TrenD, Dstreet, etc. That said if you like the specialty stores, go to them to find the selections in deeper supply.  there are some things in the specialty boutiques that you won't find in the World of Disney
What can I say?  I love Disney and this store has it all.  I go in and never know where to start.  I can always find something I want to take home, but I have to limit myself to one small thing.  If I won the lottery, I could have a really good time in this store, LOL.  It's like all of the basic theme park stuff in one place, but you don't have to pay admission and parking.   The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because of the pricing.  But, that's Disney - overpriced, but so cute you have to love it!
After coming from the Magic Kingdom and experiencing the big store on Main Street I was expecting this store to be better.  In many ways it was where it was larger but expecting much more items.  The men's department was tiny and missing items like workout clothes, dry-fit clothes, swimwear, formal wear, etc. No bath items were to be found like soap shaped like Micky Mouse, bubble bath, or towels. All the shirts were cotton and look cheaply made.  Could not find much quality clothes. This store really should have build with two stories like the size of a Macy's. But did find some items I liked, and the store was very packed. The staff is nice and helped me find some items I was looking for. Too bad all the Frozen items were sold out. But overall definitely checkout this store and by experience visit the stores in the Disney Resort to find different items and better quality.
We purchased the disney world monorail on this past Wednesday for our son as souvenir.  We came home to Michigan on Saturday and only to find that the monorail is defective.  We put in brand new batteries, and the monorail motor just stops working immediately.  We tried to call the World of Disney Store, and they wouldn't give us any helpful support on how we can return the defective toy other than having to fly back to Florida to return to the same store.  We had a magical time at Disney, but this experience really takes the magic away.
What a great place to finalize those last-minute shopping items on the day you head back home!  The largest character store in the country lives up to its name, with items from the entire pantheon of Disney.  Gifts for kids, adults, and everyone in between.   Be sure to check for your discounts, as well.  If you are an annual pass holder, or if you are a DVC member, you get a discount as you might already expect.  What's even better, though, are the special coupons you can sometimes find from around the parks.  I'm not sure where we got ours exactly, but we ended up with two receipts that each gave us 20% off of our entire order so long as we checked out before 1pm!  That was the greatest discount available, and saved us a good chunk of change on our trip! Fun store, very colorful, lots of lights, the ceiling is amazingly decorated.  This is a fun place to just browse through, even if you aren't quite feeling up to shopping yet.  Beware of crowds, though.  Certain times are busier than others, so if you're claustrophobic, you have been warned.  Still, the staff does a great job of line management, as always. The place is clean, the staff is constantly stocking shelves and picking up after the customers, and the functionality is smooth and seamless.  Great experience, can't wait to go back!
When at Disney I always look to World of Disney for all my souvenir needs. The store is enormous and full of every piece of Disney merchandise you could need or want. As you walk in beware the spitting Stitch sitting atop the store entrance. Even on a rainy day such as the day I visited, this is absolutely adorable. My fella and I spent over an hour perusing every room. We bought a majority of our souvenirs here. They have just about everything you would find at any of the parks which makes it very convenient. If you're at Disney World, you must stop here at least once.
There are many different items that are unique in this store. I like that it's a store for everyone so you don't need to go to like 5 different stores to get it. My son was taking all the trains out to play with them and the cast member insisted that he needed more so she went and got him more.
The deals are better in world of Disney than inside the theme parks!! They have a 3 luggage tag deal for $20 inside the theme park but its 3 for $18 at world of Disney!!  Super sneaky!!! Very organized inside the store!! It is divided into sections so it skylight shouldn't be difficult to find. Kind of remind me of Japan's Disneyland! The staff is knowledgeable so just ask if you are lost or cannot find anything. Overall great service! Just bummed that their deal is better outside of the theme park, but then again it makes sense because they make the most money inside their park.
Forget about purchasing your Disney merchandise from different stores. This store is one stop shop! I always save time for shopping at the end of my trip and just go here. It has everything you need and want from Disney! So save yourself the trouble and skip looking around the end of the ride store. The world of Disney store has it!
This disney store has everything! I wished I lived here I would come here all the time to buy presents for people. Beware of crowds...can get very overwhelming...came here sat night and boy was it crowded...def not a place for someone that likes to shop quietly...be ready to be nudged by people walking by...
This store gets my only "5 Star" on Downtown Disney.  It is amazing: huge, tons of toys, clothing, books, movies, even a boutique for little princesses, who you get to see walking around after getting sparkles put in their hair.  Cutest store ever.  Also, you have to walk through the store once just looking up; there are tons o items high in the air and they use the vertical space a lot.
Not sure how you can't buy something once they get you in here. Right away, you look at the store fronts and you get pixie dusted. Too late! Maybe it is a little sad. Once you go here, even the Christmas store fronts at Macy's don't hold the same impression. Disney just does that to you. That's how they keep you coming back. Inside the store is more of the same. By the time you realize that the lightsaber you made is kind of cheap and crappy, it's too late. You can even pretend you are an overseas factory worker and assemble your own Star Wars droid action figure, here. Yeah, I am being a smart alec. It really is a cool store. Very photogenic. Usually quite packed. But, I think it is a must see. You will not find a place with more Disney stuff in one spot. Make a fun event of it and buy a pen or something. Be kind to the characters. BTW, there is a light up Stitch pen, here. Many of the characters just love the flashing Stitch pen. Especially Piglet at the Crystal Palace. I never knew Piglet had a thing for Stitch.
The biggest Disney store. There is a lot to look at and a lot of rooms to go into, so it can be a bit overwhelming. Your one stop shop for everything Disney! Really packed though.
Stuff to the left. Stuff to the right.  Stuff above you.  Stuff all around! Stuff stuff stuff!  Stuff you will buy your child that they will love.  Stuff you buy your child that will collect dust.  Stuff you buy yourself that you might use once.  Stuff you buy that you may treasure forever.  BUY ALL OF THE STUFF!!!
This is definitely the place to go to before traveling back home. This store carries a compilation of souveneirs that you would have found throughout all the parks and the resort shopping areas. The only items you won't find are the ones that are specific to Animal Kingdom and other stores such as the one near Gaston's Tavern in New Fantasyland. Photo frames are best to purchase when you're in the park. This store is humongous and you can get lost spending hours here! It's like it's own shopping mall. We were able to do a one stop shop here the night before we left. The employees are so friendly, we talked to a handful of them while wandering through the store. There are lots of unique items that you won't find online or at your local Disney store.
Mr. Potato Head and a bucket of parts! World of Disney at Downtown Disney is one of the best Disney stores I have ever been to. Far better than the gift shops at Disney World and better than the mall stores, hands down. A few years ago, I started collecting Mr. Potato Head Disney parts when they had the Mr. Potato Head displays at the Disney stores. Store by store, they started discontinuing the parts displays and I thought it was done for good. I was really surprised to see the displays in Downtown Disney. Plus the parts got even better! Star Wars, Toy Story, Princesses... You can convert your Mr. Potato Head into Darth Vader, Buzz Lightyear, or Sleeping Beauty without buying the themed potato. So I got myself a box of parts for $19.99. It was hard leaving some pieces behind but the rule is that the box has to close! So that was my lil souvenir from Orlando. When we had got to the store it was empty because it was late at night. I didn't realize they were practically closed until I asked one of the employees if they were closing soon. Not once did they ask me to hurry it along or kick me out of the store. Plus the store was perfectly clean and orderly. What a great shopping experience. This location has everything you'd find at the theme parks too. We were going crazy over the vinyls and miniatures. World of Disney displays them all so you can check out the whole collections and study the craftsmanship and decide if it's worth buying. The miniatures looked like crap but the vinyls were pretty awesome. Not a bad place to shop, especially if you have the dough to burn.
Almost flawless except more cashiers needed during peak hours. Great merchandise, helpful employees, clean store...nice place to shop!
If you don't love Disney, then you're a terrorist. I don't make up the rules, I just report the news. -Ron Burgandy
If you are searching for something at Disney and cannot find it come here please! They have everything except some merchandise is area specific like the Tigger is that you shirt is just available in Animal kingdom. Take it from a former Disney worker if we don't have something in the store 90% of the time World of Disney Will have it. It might take some time in that store so do not go in a rush its too big of store. Here is your plan if you need to find something asap! Go in and find someone who works there that's not BEHIND the counter they will get you whatever you want. I also think there Purchase with Purchase (PWP) are the best by far. So if you are debating weather to get it or wait till the parks get it!
This is the best spot to shop for Disney memorabilia in all of the world. The selection is huge and so is the store. It's fun to just browse through or to get those hard to find Disney gifts and collectibles. The store is also a welcome retreat from the baking Florida sun on hot days.
My family and I go to Orlando every year and we always make sure to stop by the World of Disney in Downtown Disney. It's free to enter and there's also free parking! This store does sell a lot of the same stuff as the other Disney stores but it's like the mother of all Disney stores. It has jewelry, movies, kids toys, stuffed animals, Dooney and Bourke purses, and my favorite section: the housewares/kitchen part! I have bought so many gifts for friends in this section and they have all been well received. They have some coffee and tea sets here which are cute. I recently bought a set of Mickey/Minnie pizza plates with them saying cute Italian phrases. I've also bought things like a whisk (with the handle being Mickey's pants!), towels, etc. Be sure to stop by and look around. I highly suggest the housewares section if you are looking for practical adult gifts!
Must....have...self....control..... This is the mecca of all things Disney.  If you're looking to buy souvenirs or gifts for your friends, you can get it all here.  They have everything from clothes, toys, kitchen knick knacks, stuffed animals, figurines....if you're looking for it, they'll have it. I managed to only walk away with a few gifts and some Urban Vinyl Mickeys.  If I had a bigger apartment, I could've filled a suitcase with stuff!
It's an F'n cornucopia of wholesome Disney goodness. If there were ever a dealer of these things, this would the main supply. The South America of Disney crack. can i get a twenty twen twen of the mickey gloves and dime bag of the mickey..action figure. IT'S NOT A DOLL!!! ;D
-Maybe they should offer a Fast-Pass for this place. It's pretty much a  mammoth version of a "Disney Store" that you find at most major malls, but more expensive! -CROWDED! HUGE! MASSIVE! Too many people slowly wandering the store. -More Trader Pins, Autograph books, t-shirts, stuffed Disney characters, etc, etc...Same crap sold all over the Disney Parks. -Lots of over-priced Disney merchandise. Most t-shirts are $22-$32 bucks a piece! Silly Disney-theme hats (that have been on the heads of hundreds of people for corny photos). -Restroom is clean...located in the Princess area of the store.
Every time I am at Downtown Disney (I go a lot) I hit up this store!  Doesn't matter if I want to make a purchase or not, I refuse to leave Downtown Disney without walking around here for a while.  Totally drives my husband nuts, but for me to be surrounded by all things Disney is pure euphoria!!   Yes, it is very easy to get completely lost here.  Even though they have multiple entrances, it's not uncommon to see people walking in circles trying to find their way out.  All too often I find myself helping people find things, giving advise on certain items, and pointing them in the direction of the door.  Good thing I'm a regular and know the store like the back of my hand; I'd hate to have to camp out and build a fire using all the Buzz Lightyears like another reviewer did.  Whew... that would be mighty embarrassing!! LOL   If you find yourself feeling frustrated in the store, just stop, take a deep breath, and look around.  You will see signs for the different "departments" such as Jewelry, Men's, Boy's, Household, etc. etc.  Also, trust me, everywhere you turn there is a Disney Cast Member who is more than willing to take you to a specific item you can't find, lead you to a certain section of the store, or even help you find your way out so you don't have to resort to building the camp fire! :)  Also, if you have found a clothing item you simple must have and it isn't in the size you need, ask a Cast Member because often they have more in the back and they'll go check for you - just make sure to remain in the exact spot they left you; otherwise, they'll never find you again. LOL   Staying at a Disney Resort and don't want to carry around a ton of bags?  No problem, they'll have everything delivered to your Resort.  Flew in from out of town and don't want to pay the astronomical fees the airplane industry is charging for luggage or drove in from out of town and you have no more room in your vehicle?  No problem, they'll have everything shipped to your home.  Just let the Cast Member know when you are checking out. It's already been said you can find anything and everything Disney in this store (almost), so I won't go into the list again.  But, I will say you can now find Marvel Comic items here as well - for those who do not know yet, Disney now owns the Rights to Marvel (watch out Universal Studios).   One more thing:  Don't just shop here.  Take the time to look up and look around.  This is one of the most beautifully and intricately decorated stores I've ever seen!  There are also some great photo ops both inside and outside the store!
Located in the heart of Downtown Disney Marketplace, World of Disney is a  quintessential stop for vacationing in Orlando. Once you step into the door, you  are immersed into everything Disney.  This store is HUGE, but it's fairly easy to get around.  The inside is divided into your main areas for shopping - the girls section, the boys section, the mens section, the womens section, the kitchen, the jewelry section and everything else you can imagine having to do with Disney. What I really like about this store is that I can get anything they sell within the parks without having to pay for park admission.  This is a great place to go prior to going to the parks with your kids and shopping for their souvenirs before going into the park, that way you won't have to be carrying a lot while walking around the park. On the flip side, there isn't a good time to visit this store.  Just like the parks, this place is packed with people.  But then again it's Disney.
If you're the type of person that likes wishing upon a star in your Pixar pajamas wearing your Mickey Mouse ears while sitting on your Disney princess comforter as the sound of the Disney channel blazes in the background then this is the place for you. Just pack your Finding Nemo doll and your Disney swag in your Mickey Mouse luggage head over to Florida. It's like any other group... Christians have Jerusalem Muslims have Mecca Jews have Israel The LGBT community has San Francisco Disney fans have Disney World (For the record: I love all of the people mentioned above. Just don't ask them to be in the same place at the same time. They seem to be incapable coexisting with each other. Intolerant people are the worst.) As a "Disney fan" how do you prove you've been to your holy land? It's simple - Head over to the world's largest Disney Store. It's like Walt Disney imagination threw up after a night of partying. Every Disney character in existence is in this place - Even the ones that Walt Disney didn't draw himself. [Which is all of them.] If you can believe it this store is bigger than the one in California. 5 STARS.
If you're looking for a Disney souvenir, this is THE place to go. Just go early or be prepared to face unbridled shopping fury the likes of which you've never seen before. It might also be a good idea to use a rope to tie all your family members together prior to entering.  Once you lose a child within this store it's like Bangkok, they're gone forever. Simply put, it's an absolute mad house no words could ever describe. Enter at your own risk!
This is quite literally the largest Disney Store on Earth. It really puts the one in California to shame by comparison. The Cast Members are friendly and helpful, and the selection of merchandise is unmatched! I always look forward to going to Walt Disney World, and I always round off my trip by going crazy here :) 50,000 sq. ft. if anyone is counting :D
You can never be too old for Disney. I can easily roam around this store for hours. Cuteness overload!!! Just be prepared to have a dent in your wallet if you're like me and lack in the self-control department.
This is the Disney World shopping mecca! It has everything and anything they sell at Disney World with few exceptions (exceptions being some of the discount items that can't be found here). It is just completely packed with items everywhere. But that means it's also packed with people. I try to get in and get out of here because I can't handle constantly running into people and not being able to leisurely make my way through. Way too crowded! The way the store is divided up is very convenient, Disney knows what they are doing. They have an excellent selection and almost always have some type of promotion running (Buy xx amount, get yy free). Big plus...it's one of the very few stores Annual Pass holders can get 10% off!!! Awesome!
I was completely expecting to find an unique souvenir to bring back home. But it's the same Disney crap from the parks crammed into one building with about 200 people trampling over you. Not worth it especially after being in the parks all day with about 2000 people trampling over you. Plus their stuffed toy section seemed really small. I would pass.
The biggest and best Disney store. Anything you could want or are looking for is here in this store. Its always crowded and crazy and very easy to lose your party in here. I can spend forever in here just look at all the food items, or the car toppers. Great selection of upscale jewlery, tees, dolls/stuffed toys, and more.
If a Disney Store and Wal-Mart had a baby, World of Disney would be it. The World of Disney is every Disney fan's perfect dream of a store on steroids. It has everything you could possibly think of under one roof: clothes, home goods, movies, toys, and the Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boutique. You could easily get lost inside. Thank goodness for multiple exits. And you don't have to be a kid to enjoy this store. They have a jewelry (not costume either) and respective men's & women's sections. Some of the stuff is over the top-look at me - I'm wearing Disney clothes type gear. But some of it is a little more subdued and while any true Disney fan would recognize what character, even the non-Disney fans could wear it and not be called out for being cheesy.
The BEST place to get Disney souvenirs in one spot!! I did all my souvenir shopping here, and walked away with plenty of goodies. You can easily find clothes, stuffed animals, toys, and kitchen items! I love the Mickey Mouse plates, which are shaped in his yellow shoes, red shorts, and hand! Very cute! Since I went during Christmas time, they had plenty of ornaments and Christmas decorations available. The cashiers are very good with packaging. They wrapped my fragile items in bubble wrap and a butcher paper. In addition, they gave me extra bags for my gifts. Happy shopping!
Woohoo! I'm going to Disney World! When I informed my envious coworkers that I was going to Disney World, they told me I would be much maligned upon my return if I did not bring them something with Mickey on it. So while exploring Downtown Disney after grabbing some lunch, I decided to check out World of Disney. Not that I've gone into many Disney stores, but this was easily the biggest collection of Disney goods I've ever seen in 1 place. World of Disney has everything Disney imaginable. The store is divided into sections such as: men's, women's, kids', jewelry, etc. It didn't take long for me to find much more than I was looking for. Each section has a checkout which kept lines short even though the place was full of customers buying Disney stuff. 1 of my items for my coworkers was Disney characters chocolates. My cashier was good enough to advise me that special care would be needed to keep the chocolates from melting in the Orlando Summer heat. World of Disney is a nice big store in Downtown Disney where you can find all things Disney for your gift giving needs. The store has a thoughtful layout & the staff are thoughtful as well. With my purchases bagged up, it was time to rush to the rental car & crank the a/c to max ASAP. Those chocolates would make it back to NorCal without melting. This review is dedicated to the Spartans who fought & died at Thermopylae.
Best spot for disney souvenirs! Anything you saw somewhere else in the park and missed, you can find here!
I came in thinking I was just going to window shop and left spending $100 on Disney junk...which I SWEAR I will use! Of course, everything here is overpriced. BUT, everything is also very cute and brings a bit of nostalgia. If you don't want to spend money, stay away...stay far, far away! But if you came to Disney World and are determined to leave with a million souvenirs and maybe a princess costume...go on and enter the dark side!
Best spot for disney souvenirs! Anything you saw somewhere else in the park and missed, you can find here!
I swear they pump something into the air that makes you want to buy everything in this store.  As soon as I walk in, I want Disney everything. For me, the whole Downtown Disney/Disney Marketplace area is great.  It gives you just enough of the Disney experience without having to shell out the money for the theme parks.  Even the parking is free here! As with most Disney things, there are usually a lot of people.  But the store is so big, the crowds spread out well.  If one register is long, go to a different one - there is rarely a line in the jewelry and boy sections. I love Disney, so I this place gets full points for me.
World of Disney store rocks.  This is a massive store with all Disney items and anything you can think of.  They have friendly staff walking around to help you at all times.  Great for gift shopping!  One negative are the check out lines during the busy season but It's not worth deducting a star.
Omg..the biggest Disney store of them all!!!! right in the middle of Downtown Disney.... so if you forgot something while in the park...(highly unlikely right?) you can find it here as well... but try and go during the day (while everyone is at the parks if you are able)...otherwise when the parks get out..everybody heads here...it gets very crowded in a hurry... and the bibbidi bobbidi boutique is here for when your girls want to turn into a princess
Once you go in ........... you may never come out. It is so much fun. It is not to be missed. If you are a Disney fan, this is a must.
This place is huge which is great if you've lost your chance to grab something at an actual park and doesn't require admission. I bought a fair amount of souvenirs for the family here and got to ship it straight to New York. We spent a fair amount of time here since we were in the Downtown Disney area -- overall, good service, things are easy to find but like the other shops, given it's high traffic, things can sell out and you'll never know it was ever there.
THIS PLACE IS HUGE! I got lost so many times!  Good thing they have signs everywhere and more than one exit. I was looking for Lumpy the Heffalump and they didn't have it! SAD FACE!  It's so hard to find things there but then again, there's only so many places it could be.  All the stuffed animals are in one department, clothes for men, women and children, housewares, jewelry, collectibles, etc. They had a special going on while I was there.  Make a purchase of $50 or more and purchase a DisneyWorld luggage set (luggage plus duffle bag) for $17!  Did I get it?  I HAD TO!  I was bringing back more stuff and needed the extra baggage!
Never have I ever experienced such great customer service. Disney is great at a lot of things but litterarly their staff bends over backwards to make sure your experience is at it's best. Big props!
What a fun way to have a night out, without paying to go into the actual Theme Park. The parking lot was super full though so we had to walk forever to get to the stores.
Like everything else around the Magic Kingdom, this store is so huge you'd get lost in it. Almost anything you can find that is Disney. Almost.
Anything and everything you would ever need something disney on you can find it here! It is absolutely huge! Gigantic! Staff is always around and available to help you find what you are looking for!
I'm pretty sure this is where Disney stores are born, it's like the mothership of Mall Disney stores. Not much more to say, it's a big ass store, with tons of stuff, and 2x as many people as it probably should pushing and shoving for stuffed pooh bears.
I went here for the Disney Passholder Summer Sizzlin Sale. The sale started at 6am. I arrived there around 3:30am and people were already waiting. From my experience, I would suggest to be there early!! They will stop letting people in when it reaches maximum capacity, I guarantee you if you're not that first group, you will miss out on the big ticket items and doorbuster items that have. Beware! There are people that grab 10-15-20 items at a time and workers have trouble keeping up with opening the boxes to bring out more. So if you found an item that you wanted, but its all gone, its probably because of those people. Some discounts were 40% off dooney and burke purses, 50% off luggages, 50% off bags, and etc. Some door buster items were $6 huge winne the pooh plush, $7 picture frames, $3 plates, $5 raincoats and tons more! I think as a first timer, I made it out fairly well and would definitely do it again! =)
OMG DISNEY STORE! The World of Disney store in the Downtown Disney complex is like the uber Disney store. With six different "departments" and plenty of things to see and interact with around the store this is a must-visit for Disney aficionados. The Good: Departmentalizing Disney: This place is highly organized and has little "departments" for Disney-themed housewares, collectibles, and a whole area dedicated to girls apparel. Interactive fun!: From the Water-spouting Stitch on the ceiling to the growling pirates who greet you at the front door, there is plenty of stuff to see here! The Bad: Stuffed with people!: Honestly walking through this store on a Sunday felt like waiting in line at Space Mountain. We just sort of followed a train of people through the various departments, and didn't get to see too much because it was *so* crowded. Of course I suppose that is what I get for going on a weekend. World of Disney is a pretty awesome place to go, and I look forward to going again...but this time on a weekday! Overall 8.7/10= World of Fun!
If you're looking for Disney products, this is probably the place you want to be at.  If Disney currently has something in production, they have it.  If you're looking for Disney stuff to fill your house, they have it.  If you want to look like a product of Disney, they have it.  If you're a kid looking for Disney toys, they have it.  I think you get the jist of what I'm trying to say.   I'm pretty sure this World of Disney store is larger than the one in Disneyland.  They have a lot of products here and plenty of people to have you find what you need.   The only thing you have to worry about is getting lost!
This is a very cool Disney Store. Well, of course it is - I'm sure you already figured that out. It's in Downtown Disney, and they say it's the biggest Disney Store in the world. They have every kind of Disney merchandise you can imagine. Costumes, books, pins, jewelry, luggage, kitchen supplies, hats, t-shirts, sweatshirts, pajamas, underwear, stuffed toys, figurines, frames - if you can imagine it, they probably sell it. There's also this cute little boutique where girls can get princess makeovers - I wish this existed when I was a little girl! I love that the store is divided into different rooms housing different categories of merchandise. I particularly liked the room with all the cool jewelry, and the princess room (I'm a sucker for princess stuff). All I bought here was a red Mickey Mouse ice cube tray (I had seen it in a store in Magic Kingdom and had been looking for it since then - they didn't even have it in the kitchen store nearby, only the blue one), but I had a great time looking around at all the cool stuff. I probably could have spent hours here if I had been left alone.
Overpriced zoo... but hey, what do you expect from disney world.. if you're at disney you shouldn't expect anything but market market and more marketing.  the one downside was that everything was so clustered, people were walking on top of each other.  they could have done with a little less merchandise and a little more room for people to maneuver.
I'm giving it 4 stars because I love going there...I'm not sure why but I do.  I absolutely love the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique and I used to love buying PJs in the store but they have greaty reduced their PJ section....so, I didn't really buy anything for myself this last time.  I love that the parking is free and the layout of the whole downtown area puts you close to everything no matter where you park. I did buy an "overpriced but ohhh so adorable" gold bracelet for my niece.  It was Cinderella themed but not over done...just perfect for a little one.  Like another reviewer said, they must pump something into the air that makes you want to buy all their disney stuff. These types of stores used to offer really nice high quality merchandise and I've found that the quality is less and less each time I go.  I guess I understand that people demand lower prices but I thought that is why you had Walmart where you can get princess and other character items at lower prices...i wish that these kinds of stores remain a little more high end....but all in all I'll keep going and I like walking around and seeing all the cute stuff.
The *mothership* of all Disney stores! They carry almost everything that you can think of and more.  One can really get lost in there for hours and not find a way out until it's past midnight... ok, maybe when the door closes.  But seriously, if you forgot to buy something from the parks, you can't go wrong here.   On the flip side, you are fighting some serious crowds too.  Lines for checkout are long and you'll just have to wait like you do in the parks.  No fast passes here!  :P  I do also notice that some of the sizes for kids clothing were lacking due to the enormous crowd here.  Oh well.  You can always shop elsewhere at Marketplace, right?
So much fun! Somewhere you have to visit at least once in your life. Went when I was about 10 years old, I believe. I was with my whole family so the experience was that much more meaningful. It truly is a magical experience; I will definitely return someday. It is most definitely an escape from reality, everything Disney does is done with a lot of attention to detail. I enjoyed riding through the Epcot ball, visiting Planet Hollywood, Magic Kingdom, taking pictures with the characters (they must have been dying from sweating in those suits), riding the Hollywood Tower of Terror (this thing is not for the ones with weak stomachs, lots of slinging up and down...I remember being a tad bit uncomfortable at some points), and we did a whole lot more than that but it's been 11-12 years so I would need to see some pictures to refresh my memory a bit. I remember the lines being extremely long for just about everything, but since my mom was in a wheelchair at the time...we skipped to the front! That was awesome. The fireworks at night were BEAUTIFUL. Oh yea, the ride that has "it's a small world after all on repeat" was AWESOME. I think that was located in Tomorrow Land. That's something I would definitely want to re-experience in the future!! We couldn't see everything due to long lines but what we did get to do was nothing short of amazing!!
If you're looking for a huge Disney store, this is your place. I think you could wander around here for years and not see all the things that they've plastered Mickeys on. I do like visiting this store, although I never really buy anything. After awhile, it becomes kind of a sensory overload though, what with the excited kids, Disney music, and merch.
Really nice here, good selection of merchandise.
This store is great. I can wander around for hours and still feel like I missed something. We save going here for the day we're leaving; we pack up our car and head over for the morning, have lunch, and head home. I like to save some of my money for this store because I always seem to find something here that I didn't see in Magic Kingdom (however, there are a lot of the same things, so if you don't make it here and only shop in the parks, you'll be alright.) I do wish they had more car accessories! I don't know if I missed them or what. I love car stuff. I got a pillow here that says 'once upon a time' on one side and 'dreams come true' on the other for my sister and her boyfriend because they were engaged in Magic Kingdom the night before :) Their things for the kitchen are all so cute. Good thing I don't have a credit card.
It's the largest Disney store there is.  That alone tells you something.   If you've been going to the various 900 gift shops in the parks and elsewhere in Downtown Disney, yes, you're going to see a lot of the same stuff.  But it's ALL here (mostly) and more.  If you're looking for something and can't find it here, you aren't finding it. Crowds do get busy.  It can get stuffed.  It can get loud.  But it's fun.
The reviews are in and yes it is a awesome place to shop. This store has just about everything you might want. I say this because every park has it's own items that may only be found in that park or resort shop. If your wanting something you find at a resort or park that is about that park or resort buy it their you may not even find it on the biggest Disney store on the world. Don't get me wrong every time we are I'm Orlando for even a few hours we will try to make it to this store just to check out anything new.
I kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinda went bankrupt in here.....and I'm kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinda okay with that!  My turkey leg shirt, my mickey mouse ice cube thingies, and everything I found here STILL bring me SOOO much joy and happy, HAPPY memories!  Every time I see my niece with the rainbow minnie mouse earrings I got her, I remember.  And that's what this place is about.  Yes.  Pricey.  But you know it will be.  Such a joy!!!
Busy
G
An all things Disney store.  Prices are well, theme park.  Like the Mickey & Minnie shaped pasta for $6.00.  My girls would love it, but I can get fun shaped pasta at the grocery store for a fraction of the price.  DD picked out princess bath toys and a Pixar set of bath toys for friends that were watching our house and kitties.  Each set was $19.  DD really wanted the Rapunzel costume and fortunately for Mom and Dad they were out of her size, since by the time Halloween rolls around she could easily change her mind :)
Oh my god I hate this place!  Don't get me wrong its a fantastic shopping experience where you can buy all things Disney (because you haven't given that friggin greedy mouse enough of your dough so far).  What I hate about it is the place is it's so huge (largest Disney store in the world last I heard) that you can't find your way out.  Last time I went in there I was lost for 12 days.  I had to make a campfire out of buzz lightyears to stay warm ( that's what brought the police and my way out).  If you wanted something Disney, its going to be at this store!
Expensiveeeee as fuck but this is the true meaning of a Disney store. This particular store located in downtown Disney has all sorts of apparel, souvenirs, and Disney CRAP! I bought chocolate covered rice crispy treats here in Mickey Mouse shape, football shaped, and a heart shaped for my family back in NY.  I bought rainbow colored shot glasses that are plastic (not disposable though) with Mickey head outlines.  I also found a keychain that said "poppy" for my grandfather with Minnie and Mickey (and I always like to pick him up a little souvenir on vacay).  This store also has real Disney charms for Pandora and Camilla bracelets.  I don't know if those charms would fit any other type of that style bracelet, but the lady told me they wouldn't fit my Brighton Bracelet, which was a complete bummer because I really wanted to buy the flounder charm.  In the jewelry case they offer 14 carat gold Disney jewelry (if I'm going to spend my money on gold I can guarantee it wont have anything to do with Disney). It is cute stuff; don't get me wrong, but kind of tacky if you ask me.  Even tackier are the Disney watches that are ridiculously priced. There so not cool, and will run you over 2 or $300!
I thought this place would be more crowded, but it was a pretty ugly day as far as weather went and had plenty of souvenirs
This is a Disney store...on steroids. Check it out! It has something for everybody!
Wow! It's Disney...what do expect? Colorful, busy, crowded, pricey, high-quality souvenirs, yep! I bought a Mickey mouse beach towel, two Disney coffee mugs, chocolate covered pretzels shaped like Mickey, a keychain, a magnet, and a photo album. I think my total was about $120. I love Disney! Great place to buy souvenirs if u don't mind dropping wads of cash! Great quality products! You know they're original here too! =)
Everything you want Disney they have here. If you didn't get it in the park, they have it here. If you don't want to pay for the park and buy Disney, they have it here. And if you stand out front of stitch long enough he'll spit on you! (it's just water but the kids will love it haha)
As a Disney fanatic, I felt like a child walking around here.  Despite a massive rain storm that hit out of the middle of nowhere, we had a fun time walking through the shops, having lunch and having a couple of beers while sitting in the rain.
This store is absolutely overwhelming and massive.  They have every Disney product you could possibly want.  Definitely stop in here for souvenirs.  It's also fun to peek in the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique and see the little girls get princess makeovers.  I wish they had that when I was a little girl!
What can I say, it's Disney. I love the quality of the "Disney Parks Authentic" products. The prices are on the pricey side. I know what you are thinking, you get what you pay for, however you can get the same type of quality product at a lower cost somewhere else but it wont be Disney theme. Look for the sales. When they have things on sale, the prices are great. I like to shop here every time I go to Down Town Disney.
Wow what a store. It has everything Disney and is huge like a department store. Well done. It could be better if it had all the items found in each park. I really wanted a t-shirt bit could not find it anywhere but in 1 store in Hollywood (which of course I did not buy at the time) and essentially lost out since I did not get it there.
If it is Disney it is here!
"I lost track of time in here."  I'm sure that is an overused phrase heard in this store.  Especially if you are a Disney nut.  Sadly I did not purchased anything while I was in here because I was sidetracked by the amount of product they had on the shelves.  Cast members (as they are referred to) were super friendly and happy to help.  Maybe next time I will not be so distracted and actually make a purchase.
Everything Disney in one place. Although getting through the store is more of a challange then I care for, if you need a disney gift or trinket,....this is the place to get it!
I love this big ol' store. There's one in CA as well, and there isn't a difference. World of Disney is a HUGE store and I found exactly what I was looking for!!
Came back here like 3 times, couldn't get enough. I ended up buying all my souvenirs here and so did my bf. They have a huge variety from clothes to key chains to dishware to snacks and food to toys. You can find absolutely ANYTHING Disney here! There are at least 6 huge rooms and the outside of the building is decorated with huge Disney characters too. Be careful for Stitch on the top of the entrance though because he spits water and unknowing passer-byers, its pretty funny to watch! This is the absolute best shop in Downtown Disney!
If you're indecisive like me, this may not be the store for you.  It's pretty much every Disney item all in one store (as well as the Bippity Boppity Boutique).   It's def. worth the visit, just be prepared to be overwhelmed! haha
Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh.   2 Hot Dogs and 2 bottles of water.  $17.00.
Anything and everything you could possibly imagine is available here for you to stuff into your suitcase before you head home.  People mention the water globes - and that's not exaggeration.  There are walls of water globes of any character you would want.  Sweatshirts, bags, pens, stuffed animals...  This place is the ultimate gift shop for the Disney fan.  Your visit to Disney World wouldn't be complete without a trip here.
Who doesn't love this store? Its ginormous, and theres so many gifts you can buy for your friends and family back at home! Its just so much fun walking around in this store, with all the random trinkets and different Disney themed gadgets and gizmos, you won't ever feel bored in this store! I can spend hours in here just trying on the funny Disney hats, and playing with the adorable stuffed animals. It does get crowded, but you can't walk away from this store! You simply can't!
Perhaps the biggest Disney store out there, this store sold Disney merchandise from jewelry to art prints, vinylmation to different lines of cookware, T-shirts, magnets, key chains, and all various merchandise. Practically, it groups together all the merchandise you would find at all the stores in the various parks under one roof; so you can do all your Disney shopping without paying park admission to the theme park itself.
This place is huge, and you will find all things Disney here. Definitely check it out when you are at Downtown Disney, to get some shopping done!
Anything Disney will be found here!  If they make it & if they sell it you can buy it here.  This is the mecca of all Disney stores ever!!!
This is an incredible huge Disney shop, located in the Downtown Disney Marketplace. This is the biggest shop in Walt Disney World - featuring just rooms and rooms of Disney merchandise. The rooms all sell something different, such as Men's clothes, kids toys or pins and jewellery. This is the best one stop shop to do all you holiday souvenir shopping. There are amazing character statues throughout the shop - the shop is themed to perfection!
HUGE Disney store! We love shopping here! You can find just about anything Disney here.
Great place to get loved ones some presents.
THE most amazing Disney store anywhere!!  If you can't find something for anyone in this store...give up and forgettaboudit!  Has many very large, beautifully decorated rooms for different age groups and themes.  Don't forget to look at the ceilings....all your Disney friends are up there.  By far, my favorite place on earth!!!
If Disney makes it, you'll likely find it here. This is a HUGE Disney store and usually very crowded, but you will find a range of things from household goods to jewelry to clothing to toys to you name it. When I'm down here for business, I stop in here to buy my boys a gift. I couldn't imagine coming here with young kids as I'm sure it would be overload for them and I could only imagine how long it would take me to get my boys out of this store! But the nice thing is that this can pretty much be one stop shopping if you are looking for gifts or souvenirs. There are check-out counters all throughout the store so checking out is generally not that painful. They will of course ship anything home or deliver to your hotel, assuming you are staying at a Disney property. They even have a little salon area where girls can get all dolled up like a princess. All in all a great store and I do enjoy walking through here every time I'm in Orlando.
Great place to go shopping for souvenirs when you are on vacation. We leave most of our gift buying until the end and we just go here and pick up everything we need. Well worth the visit, just watch out for the Squirting Stitch near one of the entrances we sat and watched it soak a couple people while we ate our Earl of Sandwich.
Great store! To much to pick from.
Best Disney shop in the world!!!
