This is a one of a kind place that you don't just have everywhere. This place is awesome if you love space and space history! I came here with a few friends and we spent the entire day here doing everything we could. There is so much to see and learn if you've never been here before! First of all you have tons of outdoor exhibits of model rockets and other cool space stuff. It is simply amazing just standing next to some of the stuff and getting to experience the history right in front of you! Once you're done outside there are tons of inside exhibits. From everything from angry birds space for the kids to the history and more models of past NASA history. There are hours of stuff to do and I cant wait to come back to this amazing place! Also when you are there make sure you go to the IMax movies as they are awesome and such neat experiences you wont find anywhere else. They truly put on a show here and they'll entertain from adults to children. The shops here are also one of kind and something you won't find outside of this place. I could spend hours looking at stuff to buy in the unique shops. There is something here for everybody, I highly recommend making the trip here!
This location is a store located inside of Orlando International Airport (MCO). Apparently some of the folks who have written their Yelp reviews don't understand they have attached their review to the Airport Store - when in fact they should have attached their review to the Kennedy Space Center: yelp.com/biz/kennedy-spa… This is merely a small store - it does have some cool space oriented stuff. The one thing I was interested in was some of the NASA movies - but unfortunately they all are offered on DVD - NOT Blu-Ray I asked the young man working the store - he confirmed they were not available on Blu-Ray/HD.
If you buy the history of the space shuttles and memorabilia this is the place for you you certainly don't see it anywhere. I've been to many airports in this is the only store of its kind definitely great to grab a few things for the kids
Plan on staying the whole day because the tour and exhibits are so interesting.  Did you know that the favorite car for astronauts is the Corvette?  Nice photo opts, and educational for the kids.  Watch out for big gators, 'cus this is a sanctuary for all wildife!
If you're into space/ history this is a great experience. I only gave it three stars because I didn't feel it was worth $50/ adult and $10 parking. Highly recommend the IMAX movies and stimulated space shuttle launch. The rest is standing in long lines all day and eating overpriced fast food.
Hubble 3D has forever changed my life! I can't believe that I walked into Don Thomas ;I mean how many people can say that they've walked into an astronaut?!  Oh and warning,  you may have a heart attack when you enter Atlantis simulator.
Everything is nice you learn all about the astronauts when we went to visit a few years ago..food was not good unfortunately i think it's what they feed the astronauts, but anyway there is a lot to learn about the different space missions..it was very humid weather the day we went so go dressed in cool clothes and check for the best time of year before visiting Orlando, Florida. Lots of things to buy!
Let's be honest. What do I need to really say about this. BUY STUFF. AWESOME COOL LOOKING STUFF. If you don't want to buy stuff then just look around. Window shopping. It is still cool. Oh! Look at their posters, they have cool looking posters.
Such a great store to stop at  before you clear through security in Terminal A.  They have astronaut flight suits for the kids, space shuttle toys, autographed memorabilias, Astronaut Snoopy, and everything else you would find in a souvenir shop.  My favorite find was their kitchen oven mitts in a left and right "glove" for $10!
wow what a fun store to kill time in before or in between flights they have astronaut toys, astronaut food, astronaut Snoopy, astronaut clothes, and lots of astronaut postcards the store is so cool it makes you want to visit The Kennedy Space Center if you haven't been
Cool to see and had fun getting silly things at the gift shop... space food is interesting.. i feel bad for them haha
I have been here several times over many years and the store is still the same. It has some amazing keepsakes from many different NASA missions. The actual Kennedy Space Center is over an hour away from the airport, so this is a good alternative. If you visit Orlando Terminal A, do check this place out. NASA isn't flying any more manned space missions, so who knows how long this store will be open for.
Well.......it is interesting and there is a lot to see.  Atlantis will open the end of June 2013.   Waiting on the bus each time is annoying on tour.
This store is similar to the other touristy stores in the airport... Last minute, over priced gifts and trinkets. The employees are friendly and they have some full sized astronaut gear that makes for a great photo opp. There is an assortment of shirts, postcards, freeze dried "astronaut" food, coins, toys, etc. There are two stores and the airport- one by each of the security checkpoints.
