I have been a member here for about 4 years.  Originally I joined because I was dared to do a triathlon and had to learn how to swim a bit better than a doggie paddle.  Great pool,  great adult swim lessons.  And there was even a triathlon training program that helped me complete my original goal!   Let me tell you a great feature: no contract.  There is a $75 enrollment fee, but there is often a special that waives that fee.  When a life event happened that kept me out of town for long periods of time, I simply discontinued my membership (no questions asked, no hassles whatsoever) and re-enrolled when I was ready.   The monthly fee might at first seem high, but it is comparable with other facilities that have pools,  there are no hidden fees, and there is no long-term commitment.  And there really is a wide range of classes, extra programs, and free fitness assessments. The showers are clean enough that I'm actually willing to shower in them, which has not been the case with pretty much every other gym I've been a member of. Another great feature: Whirlpool!  (And I guarantee you'll need it should you ever do one of the boot camp programs!)   Also, Ciccotti is smack in the middle of The Crossings,  so you can walk  out the door and go for a pleasant run. This place has a very inclusive, encouraging atmosphere.  It's not just for people who already work out, although those who are very fit can certainly get in a good workout.  In fact, it is a medically integrated facility with special programs for those facing medical challenges.  There's something for everyone. A few of my favorite things:  Pilates with T. Trask, who is an absolute A-list instructor, Gyrokinesis (Gyrotonics without the equipment) with Heather, and Group Cycling with Kelly, who magically makes a tough sweaty hour fun.  Oh, and classes with Chrissy, who should really be a stand-up comedienne!  I will get back to Melissa's grueling boot camp style classes once I get this half marathon out of the way, but for now I need to be able to walk!  There is also convenient and reasonably priced massage therapy available. One thing the Ciccotti Center does not provide is someone with a cattle prod who comes into your home to get you off the couch and over there (and yes, sometimes I wish that they did).  But once you're there, they make it very easy to make exercise part of your lifestyle.  And if you find that you're not using it,  it's not like you signed a two year contract.  Simply discontinue your membership and go back to the couch.
Love, hate, push, pull and any other played out metaphor you can think of is what I feel for this place. Love the family vibe even though I do not have kids, annoyed by the lack of communication - for example, we are entitled to a fitness assessment every 8 or 12 weeks. I have been trying to schedule my initial assessment since March!!!! i gave up after 2 in-person conversations and 3 calls. Some of the class instructors also need some help - again, this is a class so some level of guidance is expected, such as helping me set up my bike or not saying to the class "oh we won't do that because none of you can do that anyway." Now for the good - I love Ashley's yoga classes, love Gena's hardcore class but the class time was hard for me to make - I am excited to try her yoga class. Also excited about the new spin instructor Karen. miss that Kelly doesn't teach in the evening but Karen is great!
Basically its a community center with a fancy water park. Not sure why the reviews are so good unless that's the comparison? It is unacceptable to charge the prices they do and not offer towel service. Staff friendly. Guest fee:$15.
Love this place. Was a member years ago, left after I lost the ability to pay the student rate but recently rejoined and cant understand why I ever left. Indoor track is shorter than your typical indoor track (11-14 laps/mile depending on your lane) but it is cushioned and more forgiving than any other local one. Only complaint are that the showers do not seem to be cleaned as regularly as they should, or as often as other gyms do. If they could just power wash the showers every month or so this would hands down be the best recreational center imaginable
My parents go here and I go as a guest when I'm in town visiting. I actually hated this place at first (can get crowded, tons of kids running about, some questionable staff), but over time I got to like it because it is very clean and the fitness equipment is new and well maintained. Bonus points for curtained showers with liquid soap and shampoo. It's a little weird to have the gym staff just kind of staring at you as you lift weights, but I guess that is their job. Overall this place is great for the community and families and there are lots of things to do in there. Any place that gives someone a chance to get some exercise and improve their well-being is A-OK in my book. Overall, if you live in the area and want a gym with lots of offerings or have young kids and you like exercise classes, basketball, and swimming, I'd say check this place out.
I love the Ciccotti Center with 200% of my heart. This is seriously as good as it gets. Clean locker rooms and showers, a water extractor for wet swimsuits, an Olympic-sized pool, an indoor running track, an outdoor running trail, pilates & yoga classes... OK, this is becoming a run-on sentence. But I think you get my drift. So let me lay out the reasons why I love this gym and why I'll be so sad to leave it after I graduate from college. 1. The pool! It's clean and usually never too crowded. The kiddie pool and lap pool are completely different pools, which is a HUGE plus. The lap pool is usually never crowded and there's lane-sharing, if needed. The "adult swim" is at night from 8-9, so you don't have to worry about noisy kids if you want to swim in peace. And you can feel like a kid and go down the kiddy slide while nobody's watching. Except maybe for the lifeguards. 2. The running tracks. The Ciccotti center is right next to the Crossings. It has great trails to run on when it's nice outside. When it's not so nice, you can run on the indoor running track. 3. The weights. Almost never crowded and always impressively clean. The only thing though is that the personal trainer always looks kind of bored and stares at me. 4. I love the Pilates classes! Kristen is excellent.
This was my 3rd visit since I joined.  I generally swim laps every day and use the gym alternate days.  Today when I went to change for the pool, I found that the locker room was not accessible since a woman was cleaning and she told me that the room could not be used for 2 additional hours.  I asked why a man couldn't clean and she said that they had insufficient funding to hire one.  She told me I could use one of the two family changing room.  Needless to say, both were being used and other men were waiting.   She also said I could use the bathroom to change but it was not appropriate for me since I am  elderly and need to sit.
I live in Boston and this place is one of just a few things that sometimes make me want to move back to the Albany area. This is hands-down the best gym I have ever visited. I was here as a guest of one of my friends who is a Colonie resident (apparently as a member you get a few guest passes every year). The water recreation area is amazing. It's almost like an entire water park! I really enjoyed the cardio equipment and they have little tvs on each machine with CABLE (heavenly). They also have a nice assortment of classes. It's nice in that the membership is diverse, you have young and old people, super fit people and those just trying to get a little exercise. If I lived in Colonie I would go here all the time. So, so nice.
This is the type of place that you dream about!  It is fairly new, just opened in January or February of 2007.  I've been a member for a little less than a year. It's run by the Colonie Youth Center, and is located on the edge of a beautiful town park known as the Crossings.  It is sort of a combination of a gym, fitness center, and indoor water park all in one.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and they provide orientation and training on the use of the fitness equipment  to new members.  I think the best  feature is the combination of what is available and its location.  It also has a good quality clientele.  The water park includes an olympic size lap pool, a 'play' pool, lazy river, water slide, and kiddie play area including a mushroom fountain and tipping bucket, fountains, etc.  The really great thing is the water park is indoors so it can be enjoyed all year.  There is also a nice, large hot tub to go to after working out!!!
This place was opened a little over a year ago and serves as a fitness/community center to the Colonie area; although I believe you can buy a membership regardless of where you live. The Fitness center includes an Olympic size swimming pool, a kiddie pool area with lots of slides and fun stuff, multiple basketball courts, an indoor track, outdoor trails, a good size weight area, and a good set of aerobic equipment. For the price you get a very good fitness center. They do offer fitness classes but not as many as some of the more expensive chain gyms. The gym is kept very clean and the weights are always in their proper places. The staff can be a little annoying, but for the most part they do a great job of keeping the place clean and safe. It can get busy during the after work hours but nothing that should hinder your workout.
They don't have any steps leading into the lap pool, so how are you supposed to get in or out when you are having leg or knee issues. I did see some older people in the kiddie pool area that wanted to get into the lap lanes, but couldn't because of lack of stairs. I asked how to get into the pool and I was advised to jump in.
Love this place for my gym work outs...playing hoops or swimming.The pool area has it all. Olympic size lap pool, lazy river and waterslides for the kids...and adults. Lots of fun stuff to do and they always have lots of classes and programs running every season. Both my kids took swim lesson here and did some summer day camp programs as well. Great place to belong. Great staff.
Nice family center in Albany, NY! The place is pretty big with a ton of things to do. Would deff recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice family fitness center.
This is an amazing gym facility. It's not only a gym but a family center--I often see a lot of kids and families running around. I'm not a member but since I am in Albany often, they offer guest passes which can be purchased. Very convenient. The facility is immaculate-clean and spacious and bright. The lobby is huge--there's a pool for both advanced and kids. There are locker rooms (bring your own lock) within a spacious bathroom area with clean stalls and showers. There's a big basketball court area. Upstairs are the cardio machines and weights. There is NEVER a wait and plenty of items to go around. I have also taken a couple of classes here--Yoga, step, sculpt, zumba--and they are all engaging with wonderful instructors who are friendly and work you hard! I always fill like I achieved a lot when leaving. They offer a lot of programs for kids too--my fiance actually ran in a race given by the center.
