Nice park. Park was better for bigger kids, (not really for toddlers) Nice walking path. Ducks. Seems like lots of street parking, but it was super busy so we had to park down the street.
Me and my son stopped here to try out the bass fishing one day while we were in town. This park is really nice and it looks like they are adding on or making improvements. There is a big shaded playground if you have little ones, benches along the water to look out over the lake, a marina and a fishing pier. I gave it 4 stars because I didn't catch any lunker bass!! next time I am going to rent a boat!!!
What a lovely park. We found a parking spot and just walked along the path, enjoying the view and the weather. And lots of other people had the same idea on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. We moved here last July but this was our first time visiting the park. Certainly not our last. Next time we'll bring our little dog, which is fantastic, and it will be even better when they finish the new section. So I'll reserve the 5th star for then.
The park is amazing we love going there. BUT HEADS UP to whom wants to RENT THE LAKEFRONT WEDDING LAWN. If that day of your ceremony rains  you  will NOT GET A REFUND, THEY DO NOT PROVIDE YOU WITH ANOTHER PAVILLION,  OR ANY OTHER SOLUTION. So you will LOSE YOUR MONEY. I mean if they going to charge you 175.00$ for the  just the  ceremony space at least they should provide another solution or a percentage of your money back if you don't use the space. So we end up paying for the space and we didn't even used it bc it was raining. In case you want  to put a TENT you need a permit and insurance.  Do yourself a favor find another place to book especially in the summer time.    Ps:  when I first went there to inform about the price at the front desk  I was told it was $75.00 but when the coordinator took all my info she told me it was $175.00. Very Misleading information VERYYYY DISAPPOINTED
Thanks to fellow Yelpers for making me aware of this lovely park!  Such a beautiful place to unwind and just enjoy being out in nature. It was a bit confusing for me to find my way around my first visit.  There is a lot of construction going on, and from the looks of it, this spot is going to be fantastic when completed! Additional walking spaces, pavilions, and restrooms are being built which is more modern than the older section of the park. Because of its scenic nature, people come here to fish, take pictures, and make videos.  Birds are everywhere. . .which means some of the benches are covered with bird poo.   I brought a blanket and just chose a somewhat clear space on the sidewalk instead.  In addition to birds, many ducks,  and legend has it--gators--are in the water as well. The lighthouse is a great focal point to just look out into the water.  However, the children may enjoy the nicely developed playground area.   Parking is all around, but may be hard to spot now that construction is is in progress.  There may be street people hanging about or sleeping  as well--but that's to be expected at any park--who can blame them? So, on the next lovely day, if you have no plans, take a look at this great spot.
Wonderful park on huge lake front right in the middle of Kissimmee. They have just finished most of the new park and It is great with play areas, picnic areas and a very nice walk along the lake front. There is a walking path that goes to the west (left) that you can take for a nice stroll. It is close to the town center where you can visit the shops and cafés. This is also where they hold the July 4th fireworks. If you go, get there really early as it is very popular and gets incredibly busy. The fireworks are shot from an island in the lake so everyone on the park front has a great view.
GREAT PARK! Nice mix of active and passive areas.  Places for intimate gatherings and large group activities.  The light columns along Ruby Plaza are quite a sight at night.  I also like the "rain garden" areas that treat the storm water from the neighboring streets and downtown.   I would HIGHLY recommend coming down and spending time in this unique space along the lake.  The City did an AWESOME job - Congrats!!
Nice place to relax and have deep thoughts by yourself sitting by the lake or walking around the lighthouse .Or having a nice picnic with friends/fam. If you have kids ,there is a great area for them to get wet when it's so hot and you don't want to drive to Orlando to the water parks. The only down side to me is the playground for the kids .The last time I went here there was spider webs around the slides /etc. and it looks faded and old,this park diffidently needs to upgrade the playground . Park is great ,but I won't let my kids play at in this playground.And this place gets really crowded on the weekends.
Perfection. served with a fresh side of LIghthouse. Pelicans. Everything.
I felt like I was in Puerto Rico.  Very nice place to walk, play volleyball, make a birthday party, or just look at the water.
All you need for a day of fun in the park all in the heart of Kissimmee. This park is open for pets and boating. A sanded volleyball court and plenty of shaded pavilions are a few of the perks you'll experience when visiting this quiet centrally located park. Just walking distance from quaint shops and family owned restaurants, you'll feel like you're someplace far away from the hustle and bustle of anywhere downtown. The lighthouse is everyone's favorite spot to park near a bench overlooking the serene water of the beautiful Lake Toho. Enjoy, relax, and unwind right here in the heart of Kissimmee!
This is a very pretty park with amazing views. I came here for fishing and really enjoyed myself.
