Our school brought a group here for a field trip today. I came several years ago with another group, and it was just as lovely as I remembered! It is not your average petting zoo. For starters, it is quite large, and situated under beautiful spreading oak trees, so there is tons of shade (quite helpful in Florida!). A tour guide takes you around and introduces you to the various unique animals (ever seen a zorse?) at the farm and guides you through the petting areas. Oscar was a great guide, very personable and cheerful. It was clear that he absolutely loves his job! The kids (and adults, too!) got to hold chickens and ducks, pet and feed sheep and goats, pet gerbils and rabbits, milk a cow, and ride ponies. There is a height restriction on the ponies, but even our tallest kids, at 9 and 10 years old were able to ride. At the end of the tour, we took a train ride and visited the pumpkin patch that operates every October. Added bonus: the pumpkins are pie pumpkins, so I am getting tons of delicious pumpkin puree and roasted pumpkin seeds out of the deal! This is a wonderful family activity!
Took my 5 year old (hope to be) step grandchild here yesterday.  This place is a hidden gem! That was so much for children to do such as: ride a pony, take a train ride,  hold ducks and chickens, milk a cow. We spent probably an hour and a half to two hours walking the grounds and being instructed on all of the different animals and how to interact with them. They even have two ostriches, a "zource" which is a cross between a zebra and horse, several different exotic water
Took the family to this farm last Saturday. My kids had a blast! I did too myself chasing after chickens lol. They have cows, chickens, ducks, goats, those you could pet all. They had a zorse,  llamas, pigs and whole bunch of other animals. They also let you feed some of the animals and they provide the food. I got my tickets from groupon. I will definitely return again but only when they have the deal in groupon. There you get 2 tickets for $25 which I think its a great price but if you purchase them at the farm is $23 per person..id rather save myself a few bucks..took  the hubby our kids and my parents all for $50 pretty good for a family day! Kids under 2 go in free. You could bring your own food have a picnic! they have playgrounds around the farm for the LOs to play. Their bathrooms were very clean. You could rent a wagon for $3 and keep the kids in there if they don't wanna walk the tour (I myself even took a little ride on it! Lol) if your a photographer I'm pretty sure you'd take some pretty good pictures.. At least my dad did. My kids were happy! I was happy! Therefore I will go again. Staff where excellent and even gave us souvenir cups on or way out.
Great for the kiddies! Tons of animals!  Milk a cow! Chase a chicken! Abuse the ducks(they seemed terrified). Go on a hay ride! Get your eyes pecked out by a giant ostrich(I swear it wanted to)!  They have it all! This place is PRICELESS for kids 3-10 years old, or about 14 bucks.....so...yea. It was Easter weekend so they had a free egg hunt. They also had a hula hoop contest and my niece won....because she is better than your kid. It's ok, these things happen.
We came here as a group and I really didn't know what to expect.  I though, a barn, some chickens, and a few cows.  This place is way bigger than I thought it would be.  We were there for several hours and could have done more.  You are guided around by workers who allow you to ride a pony (if you are small enough), feed goats, chase chickens, catch ducks, hold baby chicks and ducks, ride a train, take a hay ride, and milk a cow.  As an added feature, they also had a pumpkin patch for the kids to pick a pumpkin.  My three year old had a blast!  She was especially proud to have caught a chicken or two.  In addition to the animals they also have playgrounds and tractors to climb on for the...um, kiddies. Overall, if you have a kid, add this to the list of places to go.  Inexpensive and fun!
We went here with a 4 month Old, 1 year old, and two 4 year olds and this place kept them busy for 5 hours. They have pony rides, you can hold baby ducks and chicks, feed sheep and goats, a train ride, a hay ride, and milking a cow. This is a great place for kids with a friendly staff.  We went on a Thursday and there were not too many people there which im sure added to our experience.  This is a great break away from Disney, give it a try.
Definitely a fan of this place.  Super cool petting zoo and concept that i did not expect. Yes a petting zoo with a cool concept.  I had originally thought it was just that you walk in and run around and pet all the animals and poof your done.  But naaay! (A little horse humor)  This was an actual guided tour!  Yes a guided tour to all the different animal exibits!  Very Cool. Sue was excellent and we learned a ton.  I got a lot of great shots of the Baby and the Ms.   One of the coolest things .. catching ducks and chickens!   So obvisouly a fan, only thing i have to warn you all about is if you have a two year old that is obsessed with Swinging, its hard for them to focus because of the many playgrounds scattered through the facilty. #helpwithtoddlerfits
I'm torn.  Green Meadows is the only place like this around.  The kids love it.  However- I was very irritated at the woman at the ticket counter.  I had an expired Living Social deal.  By law the place it was purchased for has to take the expired deal as money towards a purchase.  She refused, and was ugly about it.  Given how expensive it is to come here and how far away it is from our house I really was upset- I couldn't see leaving, but for us to pay full admission was more that I was prepared to spend that day. So- it's a fun place for the kids, but it is not, in my opinion, worth the full price.  It's worth the price you would pay for a groupon or living social deal, but be warned- if you let it expire you're screwed.  FYI- Living Social gave us a credit towards another purchase.
I love this place! I came here when I was in kindergarten and it still has the same feel. Sure, they have added and upgraded but not enough to take away the nostlagia which is a rare thing. I took my niece and nephew here a few weeks back. We chased some chickens and ducks, took a hay ride, milked the cow, rode the ponies, saw the animals and just enjoyed a day at the petting farm. Great afternoon trip with the kids.
Oh, Green Meadows... I'm going to have to drop you down to TWO stars after our last, overcrowded visit. (read my previous reviews to see the trend) I still love the concept of Green Meadows but packing 84 people into one tour group can ruin your experience. We got there shortly after they opened and joined a tour already in progress. We started with about a dozen people and I thought- perfect! But as the morning wore on they just kept adding, and adding and ADDING people until we finally gave up on the tour and left to do our own thing. Apparently they were short staffed so just kept cramming people into this one group. This was the only group running on the entire grounds!! It took forever to get through exhibits and there were too many folks in with the animals. I'm not going to be back for a while; hopefully they can get their staffing and organization in order.
We went on January 5th (a Wednesday). They had the standard petting farm fare of pigs, cows, goats, sheep, chickens, turkeys, ducks and geese. Beyond that, though, they had donkeys, Elmer, the Asian water buffalo, and Tigger, the zorse (zebra + horse), to name a few more. It was kinda a neat concept. They do tours that you can join at any point, as soon as you arrive. They just lead you over to where the group currently is at. The guide tells you a little about the animal(s) and for most of them you can either then go inside the pens or pet them through the fences. Some of them we got to feed, like the goats. They have a nice play area, as well as a lovely picnic area. Yes, it is quite shady, too. Very helpful in Florida! Oh and during the tour we got to do both a train ride around the property as well as a hayride. People are constantly joining and leaving the group. Our group was probably close to 20 or so when we got there (maybe 11:30 or 12ish?) and was down to a handful by the time we left (around 2:30). I thought 20 was a big enough size. Fifty is definitely too many, as some others mentioned. You could, though, join a tour group as often and for as long as you wanted or else hang out at the play area or just walk around the grounds (but you can't pet any of the animals unless you were with the tour guide). Considering that this place was about the same price of Gatorland, I believe Green Meadows is the better deal, especially since all the little extra things (like food for the animals, the hayride, and train ride) were all included in the price. I found it to be pretty calm and peaceful by the time we were heading out in the afternoon. It did feel park-like and like a tourist-trap (unlike Gatorland). Our guides (one man and one woman) were both likable and did well with the kids (the didn't do any yelling during our group). I would absolutely recommend a visit to Green Meadows as it was well worth the price. I would love to go back! As would my toddler!!
Okay... I have been here several time in recent weeks with a private school. From what I learned from the parents, the way this place is set up now is different than before.  You have to take a tour (for safety reasons) and can't just walk about the grounds. The guild we had the last two times was amazing, Norris is the man you want to do your tour!  Our large groups got to see everything, pet everything, learn everything with him as our tour guild. We didn't have that same experience with the other guild, but then it could have been our group that slowed us down as well.  Our group was about 15 to 20kids... The kids got to round up duck, chickens got to chase the kids, kids got to ride the horse, milk a cow, play with the kids (goats) and the list goes on... it was great! oooh... bring a lunch with you and extra batteries for your camera! We were there just last week  (11-12-2012), and the place was slowing down.  You might want to call ahead to make sure they are not season.  But it was great, we had the place to ourselves. Park is more than ample, event on busy school days with school tours going on.  Staff was very friendly and knew their animal facts... If you go, say hi to Ugmo for me...
Sucks
I agree with the other two reviews. We were hesitant at first because we thought it was pricey, but it ended up being well worth it! We had tons of fun and found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We will surely visit again! It is a very shady, park like atmosphere, so the Florida sun wasn't a problem!
Every time we go to Orlando for theme parks. We keep 1 day aside for this place. Amazing fun for our 4 yr twins. This place is huge and has lots of play area as well. So even if you done with animals you can still hand around.
This place is so fun for the kids we had a blast today my son loved it it's a good family thing to do .
We stopped by here in early February 2010 when we visited the Orlando area to see the launch of the space shuttle and enjoyed ourselves so much we agreed to stop by again when we next came for a launch.  (Also, we were the last tour of the day and missed out on the cow milking part of the tour, something we will remedy this time!) I don't have much to add to Janene's review.  We had a fantastic time learning about the animals and getting to interact with as many of them as practical.  It was very clear that the animals are well cared for.  We especially enjoyed learning the correct way to pick up and hold a chicken.
My 21 month old son loved it...staff is very friendly...exhibits are fun...
this place is a hidden gem of Orlando/Kissimme.  my son LOVED it.  it is about a 3 hour tour and totally worth the money. if you go on their website you can get a coupon for one free admission if you pay for two admissions.  Anyway, the tour starts off with turkeys, then a pony ride (my son LOVED this part), then a train ride that is fantastic.  This is an actual train on tracks with a conductor and it goes through and around the entire farm. It's about a 15 minute train ride and worth it.  Oh, and they let you rent out their red rider/radio flyer wagons for $3 each to drag your kids along.lol  it's great.  After the train ride we say rabbits, guinea pigs which the kids can touch, milked a cow, pet a baby calf and momma cow, fed a miniature cow and pigs, saw a Zorse (Zebra/Horse), held baby chicks and ducklings, fed baby goats, pet sheep, held/pet chickens and roosters and ducks, saw an ostrich (keep your distance lol), saw an Ox, and had a hay ride pulled by a tractor. So much fun. they even let my son ride the pony TWICE. Such an amazing location.  Oh, and they gave us a christmas tree ornament and let my son pick out a toy as a departing gift. I will bring my son back to this farm every time we go back to visit Orlando.  We all loved it!  I would recommend going there when the crowds are low.  I see from other reviews that it can get crowded but that looks like it happens when there is a field trip or the weekends. We went on a weekday right when they opened so we had a good experience. Also, I read some other reviews, like the one that says, "sucked" and something about someone's son bitten by an animal.  Let's make one thing clear, this is not a place for a group of adults to go to have fun. this is really more for children.  Secondly, animals react to how people react. So complaining that your kid got bit by an animal and giving this place a low review because of it is a bit much.  It's a farm. Animals bite.  As a parent, we need to be super alert with animals and calm/assertive around them and TEACH OUR CHILDREN to behave in a calm fashion as well.  My son is autistic and I have managed to teach him to respect animals, not yell around animals, jump around them or mistreat them.  With that said, one of the sheep did try to ram him but that was the reaction of the sheep based on the amount of people surrounding it - it's called a defense mechanism.  I, as a parent, saw the sheep becoming uneasy and moved my son out of the way just in time to stop the sheep with my body and it submitted. It's not the animals fault and I am not going to allow my son to become fearful of it or complain that the animal bit or rammed him.  We made the decision to take him to a farm so it should be expected that an animal will eventually react and so we have to be vigilant and teach our kiddos to be cautious and respectful as well.  So, please be careful of the low star reviews and take them with a grain of salt.
My child was bit by an animal at this place.  I called to complain and was told that the group was wild, and that was why he was bitten.  In my opinion, any animal that reacts that way to groups of children should not be in a petting zoo.  I don't recommend this place.
