*4.5 stars* Much better than its equivalent in Anaheim, California Adventure. 5 stars for the Rock'n roller coaster. This ride alone is worth a visit to this park. It feels like an edgier rocked out version of the beloved Space Mountain ride. Hollywood Tower of Terror is a great ride as well for the more advanced Disney thrill seekers.  They also do a great job with the stunt shows including fully choreographed car chase sequences.  Beware of the crowds since Star Tours just re-opened.  The Beauty and the Beast show was also fun for those Belle fans out there.
The now renamed Hollywood Studios makes for a brilliant day out in Orlando. Arrive early if you want to experience the new Toy Story Midway Mania, a brilliant shooting game wearing 3-D glasses, where you are shrunk down to the size of a toy. The park features many attractions and shows about films and featuring many beloved Disney characters. Be sure to stay until the end of the day to see the firework spectacular, Fantasmic. Remember to use FastPass to avoid queuing for the major attractions, such as Tower of Terror and Rock'n'Roller Coaster.
Only 94 reviews?  Wonder why so few . . Tower of Terror and tthe Aerosmith  Rock and Roll Rllercoaster, two gems buried in a sea of shopping, eating and shows.  Honeslty, who comes to Disney World to go from funnel cake to funnel cake? We want to ride and we want to ride FAST and we want to activate that small irrational part of our brain that starts screaming, OMG!  We are going to DIE!  And just then, the ride ends, and all you want to do is ride it again! Here, I learned something:   **Fast Pass System.  It's excellent. Take the time to figure it out and use it. **Journey Into Narnia: Prince Caspian is the LAMEST thing ever.  Don't even get in the line. **The Great Movie Ride:  Perfect for the senior citizens in your group.  No one under 100 wil know any of the movies in this thing.  Still, a nice break to cool off, sit down relax, and even possibly catch a few winks before you get back out on the pavement. **Toy Story Mania - - Get a fast pass!  Line gets huge, but one of the better things going along with the Tower and Rock and Roller Coaster. **Lights, Motors, Action!™ Extreme Stunt Show:  We liked it.  Kids yawned.  I thought it was fun to see. Bottom line.  Know the park,  Pick your rides.  Plan a path. Organize yourself to use FASTPASS.  Lay off the funnel cakes.
A great park. The thrills and spills of the world of movies are played out infront of you on the streets. Amazing rollercoasters like Rockin Rollercoaster and then Tower of Terror mean this has something for the thrill seeker. I love the turkey legs you can get from here and if eating in we always go to the 50's Cafe, for some home cooked momma's food. It is a funny experience and the food is good, just book as it gets very busy.
Used to be MGM studios, seems that they parted ways.. OK but most things did stay the same so that's a plus. Con - High School Musical everywhere (gag) Pro's - It has REAL rides for adults here! The Rock n Roller Coaster is GREAT, and if you like to feel like your guts end up in your mouth and you are going to choke on them, then Tower of Terror is for you! OK so there are many many more Pro's- Indiana Jones Stunt spectacular is awesome. Lights Motor Action, also awesome. Star Tours for the Star Wars nerd in you! Studio Back lot tour is lots of fun. And my favorite... the Pizza Planet I am a HUGE Toy Story fan and just adore being able to eat at the Pizza Planet, OK so the food isn't great but hey "I have been chosen" The Hollywood Studios by far great for adults and kids, you will find the balance is great to keep everyone happy.
Theirs a few reasons why I have only given this park at Disney 4 out 5 stars. One reason is there isnt many rides in the park, so your forever going to see shows. The other reason is the new Toy story Maina ride at the park was soooooo busy ever time I went the que was at least 100 minutes long. And the fastpass for this ride was like a Wonker golden ticket, so if you want to ride this go to this attaction first and fastpass is a must, otherwise you will have to que for properly 2 to 3 hours.
Either I'm Dyslexic or have been living under a rock, but I thought this place was called MGM Studios? Besides the point though, I love this park!  I came here roughly 4-5 years ago, so there are only certain things I remember.  The Aerosmith Rock 'N Roller Coaster is an indoor coaster with loops, it seriously doesn't get any better than that. The Tower of Terror is fun too, but when I went they focused more on the presentation of the show rather than the ride, whereas at California Adventures, it's all about the ride - so I prefer the one in CA. Their Indiana Jones show is pretty lame.  The actual ride at Disneyland is way better.  On the other hand though, Fantasmic! really makes up for it.  The stadium seating is incredibly amazing, the "arena" is HUGE.  And the show is "fantas"-tic.
I feel as though this park is outdated, although it does have classic rides like the tower of terror and rock n rollercoaster which are both amazing rides. Also, if you plan on going, don't forget to get fast pass tickets which enable you to skip the queues so you don't have to wait for ages!
This vacation was primarily meant for me to revert back to being a little kid again with no cares in the world :) Disney's Hollywood Studios is a much smaller park and jam-packed with rides to satisfy the adrenaline-seekers to the faint-of-heart folks. Don't forget your FastPass! My picks: -Tower of Terror -Toy Story Mania (so worth the long wait) -Aerosmith Rockin Roller Coaster -Beauty and the Beast Show although the Aladdin show that used to play in Disney's California Adventure blows this one out of the water Fun, fun, fun!
Although some parts of the park is a bit outdated their is alot of rides that make it well worth while visiting. Tower of Terror and the Aerosmith rollercoaster are among the best in any disney park. The new toy story ride is also greta fun for any age.
Disney does this tourist trap BS pretty well.  I gotta give them props.  It's clean.   The employees are helpful and even seem to enjoy working there.  Yeah, I'm not used to that either.  That stuff makes a difference.   The Jedi training show was amusing.  Kids learn light saber moves and then fight Darth Vader.   I wish my niece did it.  Talk about blackmail material.  The real Darth Vader would decapitate those kids though.  Just sayin'....... This park had decent rides.  The Toy Story ride was a lot of fun.  If the wait wasn't super long and fast passes gone, I'd ride that one multiple times. Tower of Terror was pretty fun if you like being thrown up and down like a rag doll.  Good thing I do.   3D Muppets?  I loved me some Muppets back in the day.   Probably 5 star for kids.
MGM Studios, now renamed Disney Hollywood Studios, was one of my favourite parks. It is pack with rides, shows and street entertainment. My recommendation is to pick up a map on the way in and note the show times. Of particular interest to me and the kids was the Jedi Academy. This show lets the kids be the Jedi students who have to fight Darth Vader. It was a really good show and the unexpectability of what the kids are going to do added some spice to the whole proceedings. The Terror Towers ride was also a high point of the visit. Now i dont like these type of things so i was persuaded by the kids to go on it, it starts off slowly and you think  no problems then you drop!!! I screamed like a girl!! But we went on it two or three times during the holiday. Although i point blank refused to go on the Aerosmith ride but the kids assured me that it was brilliant. The Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show was stunning and is a must see, plan your visit around the show time for this one. Its a deffinate must for the kids, cars, explosions and stunts just what every boy wants in a movie. Another must see show is the 3D muppet show, i defy anyone not to laugh all the way through that.
A few great things about Hollywood Studios: - Star Wars Jedi Training My 10 y.o. son and I got to the park at opening to sign him up for Jedi Training, and it was totally worth it. Kids 12 and under can don padawan robes and learn an easy series of light sabre moves and take on Darth Vader in an entertaining and cute outdoor show. It was pretty awesome, actually! -Star Tours Waiting area has lots of droids and Star Wars scenery! The ride is a small 40 seat vehicle in a 3D show through the Star Wars galaxy on a bumpy ride that is thrilling. So nice, I rode it twice! A must for any Star Wars fan. -Toy Story Mania Okay, read this and know that I did not get to FastPass this b* and waited two hours to ride a 3.5 minute ride. It.Was.Awesome. Each passenger gets their own shooting device and it's like a high-tech shooting gallery. Totally fun! You wait in an area as if you were as small as one of the army men in Toy Story. It's cute, and well done with larger than life Tinker Toys and board games. But I have to be honest, even my son wanted the talking/dancing Carnival Barker Mr. Potatohead to breakdown. We waited so long, he got annoying! But the ride is great. -Sunset Boulevard Aerosmith's Rock 'n' Roller Coaster is down this way, as is the Twilight Tower of Terror. I've never been to L.A., but I loved this more relaxed strip, with lots of outdoor eating areas, with healthy food. Good salads! A great place to relax and refuel. The rest of our party liked the Little Mermaid show, and the many areas of character signings and photos. My little nephew is a huge Cars (movie) fan, and loved getting his photo with Lightning McQueen and Mater (Yes, I know these cars by heart). This park had some cool things, but overall, this park was not our fave.
I had fun at this park. The Hollywood Tower of Terror is fun and so is the Rockn' Roller Coaster. You must make sure you get to the Indiana Jones show. That was awesome. Pick a time to go when its not so hot and there are not so many crowds. The movie tour and backlot tour is pretty cool too. The acting in the movie tour is god awful and forget the food. I'd suggest snacking on popcorn or hot pretzels and saving your appetite for something outside the park. Most of the food they use is the same all over the park.
I'm with Scott A on this one..."definitely the weakest of the 4 parks". Perhaps it's because it rained only once on our week long Orlando extravaganza, and of course, it rained when we visited here.   Must do's: Get there before the park opens. That my advice for any of the parks. The first thing you should do is get a fast pass for Toy Story.  My hb joined the masses and pretty much ran over there first, and our fast passes were for 11am.  We rode around 1pm and all the fast passes were out.   Rockin Roller Coaster: Awesome. The line wasn't too bad for this one. Tower of Terror: Same as CA Adventure, so we skipped it, but it's still a must do. Maybe do: Indiana Jones Stunt Show: Eh. Just OK for me.   Movie Backlot Tour: Entertaining for me, boring for my kiddo.  It's Disney's cheap attempt at creating a Universal Studios backlot tour. Do if you wanna waste some valuable time: Journey into Narnia: What the? Really? This hardly qualifies as an attraction.  It's a high priced movie trailer, and it still sucked. It's still worth 4 stars because, well it's still Disney and while it doesn't compare to the other 3, it's still worth a visit. 1/2 day at best.
Fun place to go!  Aerosmith roller coaster rocks!  The tower of terror is great too! Utilize the fast pass!  Would recommend at least one more roller coaster.
MGM is a buzzkill.The Great Movie ride is just pathetic (the tour guides need acting lessons), and many of the movie sets are just so plasticky and robot-ish. Aerosmith's rollercoaster gave me a headache with the blaring music. The gift store when you first enter in has way overpriced and bad picks of movie memorabilia. It is boring to wait in line for the Tower of Terror and then just have it bob up and down like a yo yo. Woo. Reporting back to ya, the Grinch
Kids love this ride, Music, reminds some of us of our kids days,, love the ride,
Hollywood Studios is home to three of the best rides in Walt Disney World: Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, Rock 'n Roller Coaster, and Toy Story Mania.  Those three rides are worth the trip alone.   Hint #1: Get to the park before it opens and wait in line with everyone else.  Head right to Toy Story Mania and get Fast Passes, then get right on line...it should be pretty short first thing in the AM.  By 2pm Fast Passes will be gone for the day and lines will be up to a two hour wait. Ride first thing and then ride again with your Fast Pass!  it's so much fun. Hint #2: Then head to Sunset Boulevard...get your Fast Pass for Rock 'n Roller Coaster.  Ride Tower of Terror while you wait for your Fast Pass time.   This park also has a bunch of shows...some good, some not so good.  I love the Muppet 3D movie, and the Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular.  The Lights, Motor, Action Extreme Stunt Show has some cool car stunts, but at 38 minutes it's too long and I was not impressed with the "film team" of the shoot.   The Great Movie Ride had some technical difficulties while we were on it...used to be one of my faves...easy ride through some classic MGM movie scenes, but this one bad experience actually ruined it for me. Star Tours has been updated and is pretty fun...don't wait more than 20 minutes though.   One of the best and emptiest places in the park is Walt Disney: One Man's Dream.  This small museum devoted to Mickey Mouse's creator is filled with cool information and memorabilia.  In about 15 minutes, my parents and I were awed and inspired and even learned a few things.  Totally worth it, but not for kids...they'll be bored and just annoy the other people who want to be there.
I wouldnt go back- it has a few really awesome rides but the rest of the park is boring and my kids wanted to leave. Loved the Rockin Roller Coaster, Star Tours and Tower of Terror.
I think this park is lacking in a few areas, but more than makes up for it with some truly amazing rides. The Aerosmith coaster is one of the best coasters I have ever been on!  Super fun, great soundtrack, awesome concept.  I did the single rider line for this several times in a row on multiple visits!  Tower of Terror is also really impressive here, especially in comparison to the Disneyland version.  The randomized drops are a great idea and add to the excitement of the ride.   The Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular is pretty cool and definitely worth the viewing.  Make sure you arrive EARLY because the place, while huge, fills up extremely fast. Pixar Place is fun and I was able to get my photo with Buzz and Woody from Toy Story, which was pretty much a BIG DEAL for me!  Never got to ride Midway Mania - the line was over two hours long! - but I've done it in Disneyland, so I'm sure it's similar. The Sci-Fi Drive-in Diner was very cool - very unique, great theming, decent food, friendly servers. There are a few things here that I didn't love.  I thought the Great Movie Ride - which had been highly recommended to me by several people - was absolutely boring and corny.  There are also a lot of stage shows here, which are not really my thing at all.  I skipped them all, which made my time spent in the park a lot shorter. I would recommend this park - it's a lot of fun!
Not my favorite place at Disney.  I like movies but a lot of what is here I don't care for.  Not much for kids either, except in the Pixar area, and the Disney Playhouse puppet show, which my kids loved.  We also enjoyed walking around the story of Walt Disney, and meeting Prince Caspian. My daughter enjoyed the High School Musical parade, but that was on our first trip and it was hot so I took our little boy on the Great Movie Ride because I had had a heat stroke a year before and the heat was getting to me so I needed to cool down.   Not a ride for young kids, not only because of the movies they talk about (that they won't have a clue as to what they are) but because of some of the effects (fire, guns shooting.)   Indiana Jones is a nice way to get off your feet for a few minutes.  It's basically a stunt show where they show you how the movie was made (more or less.)  It's rather well done and they have audience participation.   The Star Wars ride (no longer there) was cool but, again, probably not for young kids because it does have motion (seats moved with the movie.)  My kids cried during it. However, to let kids run out some energy, go to the Honey I shrunk the Kids playground.  Basically giant watering hoses, ants, tree trunks, etc that kids can climb and play on.   Also, take in the auto stunt show.  It is outside so it can get hot but it's cool watching cars do stunts (jumping over each other, car chases.)   Parade wise, as I said, my daughter watched the High School Musical parade but we also saw the Hollywood Main street parade this last time.  My wife and I were pulled from the curb because we were celebrating our anniversary and the two "reporters" were interviewing us on the red carpet.  But the parade was great.  My daughter and neice got all up in to it and danced in the street with the parade! Fanstasmic!  The night parade is actually on water.  All the Disney characters are in it, and even some you never even see.  The premise is basically Mickey (as a magician) is fighting certain Disney villians.  It's great!!  however, get in line WELL in advance because they only let a certain number of people in and they attempt to guide you to seating (want you to sit from one side to the next filling up all the rows,) however people take it upon themselves to sit where they want to sit and to heck with everyone else (since it's all about them and not about those families who have kids.)  We waited in line for like an hour before they let us in an hour and a half before the show started, and of course people were cutting in line as we were walking in. I'd say 4 stars but like I said, not much to do for kids since we don't like roller coasters or the Tower of Terror.
Star Wars weekend was a bit disappointing with Star Wars characters dancing to hip hop and whatnot, but overall it's still magical and the guest services are really good. I needed to get my husband something in the park as a surprise and they let me do so without having to get a pass before I had to catch a plane. They even somehow made the boat wait for me, which was seriously too cool. The Star Tours ride was fun but I admit I closed my eyes about halfway through. But I was still sad about the Chewbacca doing the electric slide, it just seemed so wrong so I gotta take a star back.
Ugh, what a waste. Do this park as a park hopper and you'll be fine. The only things worth doing here are star tours, aerosmith coaster, toy story, and tower of terror. IF you're in the mood for shows, the stunt show and indiana jones are "ok". The rest of the park is a complete waste. Avoid the great movie ride at all costs. Unless you want to take a nap? Terrible acting, terribly boring. Good god put something else here. Hands down one of the worst theme park rides ever. What were they thinking?
Take my advice go here and FP this ride or you may not get on it.  I made a huge mistake by heading over to Rock n roller coaster and Tower of Terror to FP them first and by the time I went over to Toy Story all of the FP's were gone. I was so sad and so was my little girl.  And the wait time was 120 minutes...no way a 5 year old could handle that kind of wait. Without getting into to much detail the Disney Magic landed on us at 7pm and we were able to get on the ride.  Let's just say that a Fairy Godfather showed up and made all of our wishes and dreams come through. This honestly made our day and was straight from Walt's Heart.  Again thank you...you know who you are! I must say that I love this ride and so does my family.  This ride is similar to Buzz Lightyears Space Ranger at Magic Kingdom with a lot more technology sprinkled in.  It is 3D and you shoot animated darts, paint balls and rings at targets. Sometimes the ride throws things at you too...duck it's 3D! The sound effects are also great when you break items or hit them. My little girl immediately asked if we could go again.  That is the sign of a good ride. I also think we were all smiling from ear to ear.   The detail of Andy's room is also amazing. I love the giant tinker toys overhead before you board the vehicle. Disney has out down itself with this interactive ride. Congrats to the imagination team that developed this ride...all you have to do is build another one to handle the crowds. Look out we are coming back tomorrow!!!
there arent enough starts ^^^^! Although i like MGM my most favourite thing there are the Osbourne Lights. These are shown from Thanksgiving to approx 6th January. They are spectacular and are now set to music and 'dance' not to be missed!!
The last time I visited WDW, I was 5 years old. A lot more than just the name has changed. The highlights - the Lights, Motors, Action Extreme Stunt Show; Rock N Roller Coaster; Star Wars: Jedi Training Academy; Twilight Zone Tower of Terror; and Toy Story Mania. Although adults can't climb around in the Honey I Shrunk the Kids playground, it's fun to walk around and feel some nostalgia while looking at some of the toys my boyfriend and I grew up with, like Play-Doh and Super Soaker water guns. Tower of Terror is much bigger and better (and scarier!) than the version at California Adventure, as is the case with WDW in general. Toy Story Mania's always fun, no matter if it's your first time through, second, third, or tenth time. Nothing like some healthy competition. :) It's hella fun to watch the little kiddies at the Jedi Training Academy. Kids do and say the darndest things! Rock N Roller Coaster is by far the best ride at Hollywood Studios, so good we had to ride it again before we left the park after going through it once. It's guaranteed to rock and shock you if it's your first time. Plus, who doesn't love a little Aerosmith?! And the Lights, Motors, Action stunt show is fun and exciting to watch! Plus, it allows you to rest your tired, swollen footsies after hours of walking and standing in line. Hollywood Studios does have its highlights but overall I was underwhelmed. But I was happy they had alcohol! And the sorcerer's hat & Mickey ears are a great landmark to see when you are walking into the park.
This has got to be the best Disney Park in Orlando. I would say that this park would appeal to teens and adults. The rides are brilliant with classic 3D shows like The Muppets and then you have classics like Star Wars, Terminator. The have a brilliant Stunt Show which does get extremely busy so early arrival is recomended. There are plenty of places to eat whilst in the park and something to cater to everyone's taste. Another must of the day is watching the daily parade.it brings out the kid in everyone to watch the Disney charactors drive by in their movie themed vintage cars. Kids and adults will love the parade. My tip is to find out which way the parade is going so you can position yourself for good photos and filming.
Be prepared to wait.  Be prepared to wait a lot - but be entertained while you are in line.  If you were lucky enough to get a fast pass, all hail the king/queen of busting a move super early in the morning. We busted no such move, and therefore, had to wait just shy of an hour to ride.  Worth.  Every.  Second. We rode just about every ride in Disney & Universal during our trip, and this was in the top two.  (Tower of Terror has a very special place in my heart.) Not only is it funny, it is interactive and if you are extremely competitive...you have a lot of chances to rack up points.  I was amazed at the accuracy and the ease of play.  I knew exactly what I was hitting and missing - unlike other rides (cue: Men in Black @ Universal) where I was blindly shooting at monsters and walls and other people, not really knowing what I was hitting or what I was getting points for. When I come back, Toy Story is definitely the first ride I am going for - and I'll be doing my best to get there in time to get a fast pass.
Always a fun time...the best ride is the Hollywood Tower of Terror...
This park used to suck. Like hard. But now they have the Tower of Terror and the Rock 'n' Roller Coaster. RnR is seriously the best Disney attraction ever built. I swear you will love it!! So WORTH IT! But do FastPass because the line is ridiculous. If you're going to eat at MGM, eat at Sci-Fi Dine-in. The sandwiches are great. Most Disney food blows. This is good, though. And they have fun mixed drinks that light up. I would recommend only doing this park if you're first timers or if you have the park hopper option and want to do a couple of other parks.
Was a blast, watching the kids scream on the coaster and tower of terror was worth it, besides with the passes you park free and pack sandwiches and it is not a bad deal.
Disney's Hollywood Studios is like Universal Studios, er, but with less to do. And with Disney-theming, of course. On a random street, we found a hilarious hot dog vendor who prepped an amazing Chicago-style hot dog, one that was as tasty as he was funny. It was pricey, but worth it. After lunch, we noticed cast members randomly engaging tourists in conversation. A member in a gangster getup (complete with fedora) started talking to my mom questions in a thick American gangster accent: my mom, appropriately nonplussed, laughed when she realized what was going on, and we went on our way. Disney's Hollywood Studios is clearly movie-themed. I was here when it was called MGM Studios, and at the time, knew about every title represented, including "Honey I Shrunk the Kids". If I returned, I'd be lost, as I don't have (or make?) the time to watch films. If you're not like me, and like movies, be sure to visit!
This is one of my favorite Disney parks; I went recently with my GF and we spent our first day there. There were so many good rides and shows that it's almost too hard to name. Definitely see The Backlot Tour and the Great Movie ride.
Well... being a California resident, going to this park was rather amusing. It was like walking around parts of Los Angeles in much smaller scale and exaggerated to fit a musical or Disney view of it. Cross Disney's California Adventure with Universal Studios and you get MGM, oh excuse me, Disney's Hollywood Studios. The park was all right. Like a few have said--"underwhelming"--but you can still have fun and be entertained nonetheless.
Be aware this is like the opposite of magic kingdom: few but longer shows/rides rather than magic kingdom that has many short rides.
The only real reason why I wanted to come to this park was to demolish hubby in Toy Story Midway Mania. We got to the park around 9:30-10:00 am and the line was already over 2 hours long. We got a fast pass but our return time wasn't until 5:30 pm, so we ended up not going on the ride at all. Recap of the rides we went on: - Studio Backlot Tour was disappointing, I thought it would be more like the tour you go on at the California Universal Studios. - The Great Movie Ride exceeded my expectations and was really enjoyable. - Star Tours was weird. I'm not a fan of 3-D because when things move fast across the screen, 3-D makes it blurry. I thought it ruined the experience since I love Star Tours and have been on it countless times in both Anaheim and Tokyo. - Muppet Vision 3D was hilarious! It's exactly what you would expect from The Muppets. - Beauty and the Beast was fantastic! Hands down the best show we saw all trip. I'm even going to go as far as to say it was better than Finding Nemo: The Musical at Animal Kingdom. We were here on a Saturday so the park was really busy. We didn't get a chance to go on Aerosmith either since the wait was almost 2 hours. Boo!
love it! love the tower of terror!!!!!
This park is pretty fun! They have great rides like toy story mania, tower of terror, rock n roller, and star tours. Toy story mania is especially popular so definitely pick up a fast pass. If you've never been on it you're in for a treat! It's a 3D ride where you play 4 different midway games; shooting at targets like animals, balloons, plates, etc for point. It's so much fun my husband and I rode it 4 times in one day. We actually would have went more but the lines were just too long! The park also has shows like the American Idol experience. Park goers can sign up to be in compete and you as a viewer watch the competitions and vote from your seat. In the evening they have a finale show and the winner gets a dream ticket; allowing them to bypass lines for a scheduled audition for the actual tv show! I highly recommend the beauty and the beast show. It's a live musical version of the movie. For dinner the sci-fi dine in is pretty fun. It's decorated like a 50s drive in so you can sit in a little vintage car while you eat and watch movie clips. Make a reservation because lines can get long and if it's too crowded you'll have to sit at their picnic table instead of a car.
Brilliantly fun day out, loads of fantastic rides and well know characters walking round the park. Loads of restaurants and shows to watch.
Not worth the time. Not worth the money. Not good for younger kids (Unless you can get into the Toy Story thing - but we couldn't - the wait (and fast pass return time) was too damned long. Many attractions (3 big ones) were closed the day we went. Even so - the highlight was "the Muppet Show" in 3-D. Not worth it. Go to Magic Kingdom or Epcot or even Animal Kingdom before you come here.
tower of terror was cool
The great movie ride at Hollywood Studies is one of the longer rides at the park with one of the shortest wait times. Another plus...the line and the ride are completely indoors...a great break from the heat and afternoon rain. The ride is a boat ride that moves slowly through scenes from classic movies. At a certain point your boat will be taken over by a "wise Guy" and a little excitement will continue thru a couple of additional movie sets. It is a slow moving ride easily tolerated by all ages with some laughs and surprises along the way. A nice break from the long lines and heat of other attractions in the park.
This is an awesome Disney park.   It has probably the coolest roller coaster in the Orlando area: Rock 'n Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith.  It shoots you in a limo from 0-60 in under 3 seconds and you're in a dark room with special effects and awesome speeds.  Twilight Zone's Tower of Terror has always been a great classic.  You'll never get the same ride as each drop is different.  Aside from the thrill rides, it has great hands-on attractions like the animation studio where you can learn how to draw disney characters.  They have rides based on some classic films as Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, Indiana Jones, and the Little Mermaid.  It has also a great backlot tour where they show you Hollywood special effects first hand.  They unfortunately got rid of Who Wants to Be  A Millionaire where you can be in the audience and are replacing it with Toy Story.  Walt Disney: One Man's Dream is a very indepth look at the man who made the dream possible.  They have original exhibits from his past and Disney's history and a moving film at the end.  Overall, Hollywood Studios is a great way to spend the day.
Hollywood Studios was my least favorite park. The are when you first enter is cool. It hearkens back to the old days of Hollywood. There are actors and actresses strolling the street and there is even a keystone cop or two. The cop was particularly interesting as was his pistol (a banana ). The park has rides and shows, but didn't seem as well thought out as the other parks. This park did seem to have more live shows going on than in other parks. There was a large stage with a kids band and dance group, a simulated movie dance party that kids loved and other various shows happening throughout the park. On our seven day Disney vacation we only came here once. I would probably return, but maybe only for one day again. Note: if you like being scared half to death, the Tower of Terror is here. I don't, so I can't comment on its terrorizing quotient.
This is my least favorite park at Disney World, but it still has lots to offer. On the plus side, it's pretty good in terms of rides. I quite enjoyed the Rock n Roller Coaster, the Tower of Terror, and the new Toy Story Mania rides. However, it's the other attractions I enjoy the most at Disney--the atmosphere and experience it gives. If I just wanted fun rides, I'd save my money and go to the nearest theme park. That being said, Hollywood Studios does have a fare share of other attractions more in the theme of the other Disney parks.There are a number of shows such as the Indiana Jones and American Idol attractions. Still, in comparison to the other parks, I don't think Hollywood Studios has a whole lot to offer. If you've never been to Disney before, I think it's a good idea to visit all four parks. However, as I've been there a number of times, I wouldn't feel too much regret skipping over Hollywood Studios on my next visit.
Least favorite of the parks...probably because of the age of our kids (3 and 1).  The Toy Story Mania wait time is absolutely absurd.  We came at about 2 and Fast Passes were done for the day and weren't willing to wait 90 minutes in line.  If you want to ride Toy Story you have to either go first thing or get a Fast Pass before lunch.  We did enjoy the live shows (Beauty and the Beast, Playhouse Disney, Fantasmic, Little Mermaid).  The shows are really well done and Fantasmic is not to be missed. The Honey I Shrunk the Kids Playground is fun, but sort of a nightmare because there are lots of hiding places and it can be hard to find your kid.
Honestly, the park is a little small. However, I love Tower of Terror and Rock n' Roller Coaster. The Great Movie Ride was pretty entertaining and there are also a number of shows. The shows looked great, but I never seen them. They have the Stunt Show, Indiana Jones, Little Mermaid and Fantastmic which I seen in California. Mostly, I think that Hollywood Studios is only good for those who have to ride Rock n' Roll, Tower of Terror or watch all the shows. I'm glad that they are remodeling Star Tours and look forward to riding that in the future in California or Florida.
Now this park has quickly become my favorite WDW park. Whether you are young or old there is so much fun to be had in this park. Hollywood Studios also has some really great restaurants too. When you first get to this park head over to Toy Story Mania and get your fast pass. Ok so lets start with the rides and attractions for big people. The top ride here has to be The Rockin' Roller Coaster. If you love Aerosmith and you love roller coaster this ride ROCKS! You strap into the car and they crank Aerosmith. You hear and feel the music! Next thing you know you are going 0-60mph in 2.5 seconds with Steven Tyler screaming in your ear! There are twists and loops and at some point you don't know if you are upside down or right side up. When you pull into your parking spot you feel like doing it all over again! The first time my 8 year old rode this she said "That was NOT fun, LETS DO IT AGAIN!" If you liked Rockin' Roller Coaster then your next ride is Tower of Terror.  This is a fun ride but the suspense will kill you! You are strapped into the elevator and taken to the 13th floor of the Tower. Your elevator car slowly makes its way to the front of the tower. The suspense is killing me! When all of a sudden the doors open and you are looking over the entire park and then you DROP! Now for the little ones in your group there are some really fun attractions. Head over to Toy Story Mania and you will notice there is a 2 hour wait for this ride, but aren't you glad you listened to me and got your fast pass before you did anything. Grab your 3d glasses and get ready to throw darts, pies, and a ring toss. Think you have what it takes to beat the top score? The other fun attraction for the kids is Playhouse Disney Live on Stage and the Mickey Mouse Club gang. Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Daisy, Donald and Pluto. All your favorite Playhouse Disney shows are represented. A warning for the adults, there are no seats for this show you have to sit on the floor so be prepared. There are some attractions for everyone. Lights Motors Action Stunt show is a fast paced live stunt show with speeding cars, motorcycles, fire and stuntmen. The Indiana Jones show is great. There is fire and stuntmen dodging spikes and bad guys. A great time for all ages. WDW has a great parade with all your favorite Pixar characters called The Block Party Bash. The music is loud and the cast members put on a great show! If you are brave enough to head to WDW at Christmas time (VERY busy time) you MUST go to Hollywood studios to see the Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights! What an amazing display of christmas lights, music and snow. So now there are some restaurants you need to try. My favorite is Sci-Fi Dine In. I have written a review of this restaurant so check it out. Another favorite is Mama Melrose. If you decide to go to Mama Melrose get the Fantasmic preferred seating package. I will write a review of this restaurant also so check it out. For the kids there is Hollywood and Vine. They offer Playhouse Disney's Play 'n Dine character dining. Have a meal with your favorite Playhouse Disney friends from JoJo's Circus and Little Einsteins. If you don't have time for a table service meal check out Pizza Planet. Just like in Toy Story, an arcade that serves Pizza. What more could a kid ask for? Ok so now for one of the best shows you will see anywhere. Fantasmic!  A breathtaking fireworks and water show that features all of your favorite Disney Characters both heroes, princess and villains hosted by the one and only Mickey Mouse. This show alone warrants a 5 star rating!
so much fun!!!
Toy Story, Tower of Terror, Aerosmith Rollercoaster back to back made this park amazing to enjoy!! Once I walked in AMERICAN IDOL immedatly asked to sing.  Im like "Its my birthday- its my birthday" *doing the tootsie roll* Super energized fun! The Toy Story ride is fun with someone like your significant other...so you can be super competative.....or even better...MOM.  she beat me : ( The Tower of terror was fun especially when they take a picture of you while your about to drop...funny faces ; ) Aerosmith had tears coming out my eyes on how fast that thing went. A mini parade out of nowhere and great places to shop. In overall I enjoyed this Park.
This is a review for dinner, no characters. The food is really good. I returned to the carving station like 3x. The desserts are really good too. There's a really awesome strawberry shortcake that we had to keep going back for.
This is my least favorite Disney park. There is not really a whole lot to do here. If you have little kids, the only fun attraction is the Playhouse Disney show- which is always packed. The Honey I Shrunk the Kids area is fun, but once again, there are way too many unsupervised children not paying attention to anything. The only perk that this park has is the Rock 'n roller coaster and Tower of Terror. If you're doing all the parks, split this up with Animal Kingdom. AK in the morning, and HS in the evening; you do not need any more time than that. Have not gone during Star Wars week though. I always seem to miss it by a week or two. As soon as the little one is old enough, I'm sure Jedi Academy will place this park at the top of my to do list,
While this park didn't seem to have as much to do as the other parks in terms of attractions, the ones that it does have were a stand out for us! We really enjoyed the American Idol experience.. felt like the real thing! You go into a huge hall and then pick the winner in each show, and then at the end of the day, they have the winners from all the shows compete in the final competition of the day. Whoever wins that, get a front of the line pass for a real audition! I really enjoyed it because the people were competing for something real, so all their emotions and determination came out! We also loved the Aerosmith roller coaster, (I thought it was better than the California Adventure comparison roller coaster), Tower of Terror (which also goes a bit forward as well as dropping.. something new than in California!) and the stunt show. I was a bit disappointed in the studio tour, it was VERY short and very disappointing after having gone to the Universal Studios tour. Overall, cool park with a lot of photo opportunities.
I am not a big fan of the MGM.  It has a couple cool rides but I don't care for the shows...but I don't like Universals either..it is not my thing. My favorite rides are Tower and Rock N Roller Coaster.
I have two sons (11 & 8) and this park has the best thrill rides of all the parks.  You can't go wrong with the Tower of Terror or Rockin Roller Coaster.  Personally for me I am not a fan of these rides but, my husband and kids really enjoy them.   By the way, at opening get a fast pass to toy story or you won't get in.  It is definitely worth it!  If your kids are age 4-12 and like Star Wars get to the park at opening and head toward the Jedi Training Camp area to sign up for Jedi Training Camp (they will give you a ticket for your training time).  It is a good idea to send one adult with all the cards to get a fast pass to toy story and another adult with the kids to sign up for Jedi training as they are on opposite sides of the park and both fill up quickly.  There is nothing like watching your kids dressed up in their robes learning how to be Jedi's!   As with all the parks the theming of the park is wonderful and I really enjoy looking at all the buildings if you manage to get there on a day that is not too busy.  Food areas are plentiful in this park and I found many places to eat with decent food.
If the Magic Kingdom is geared to 5 year olds for their spirit of wonder, and EPCOT is pitched toward adults with our need to "know", then Hollywood Studios is definitely for the teenagers and their need for thrills and stardom. Due to the extended park hours for resort guests, we were able to hit up Hollywood Studios one night and escape the lines while we did Muppets and the Star Wars ride.  I have to say, the park without all of the people in it was FANTASTIC! Two days later, we return to do the rest of the rides, such as the Aerosmith ride and the Tower of Terror.  Heh, there is where you really need to plan things out, and utilize that "Fast Pass" option.  As both of these rides are incredibly popular, and as both of these rides are right next to each other, I highly recommend that you get the "Fast Pass" for the ride with the longer line, and then hop into line for the other one.  As it as, we ended up doing the Aerosmith ride and the Tower of Terror all within 15 minutes of each other (and between the two, Tower of Terror is definitely *WAY* better). Bad thing about Hollywood Studios?  Besides the teenagers running around, was the "High School Musical" parades that would run through the park every few hours, blocking access to cross from one side of the park to another. Each of the parks also have a night time closing show with lights and fireworks.  For Hollywood Studios, the show is held behind the Beauty and the Beast stage (by Aerosmith and Tower of Terror...I know, all the cool stuff is down that side!), and although they recommend that you arrive at least 45 minutes early - I would recommend getting there at least an hour to an hour and half earlier.  My husband and I got there late, because we didn't know about the show until it was ready to begin, so we ended up on a grassy knoll in the "standing room only" section. This show was BY FAR the *BEST* of the special closing shows of any of the parks!  I can't describe it!  The "story" is about Mickey and the power of imagination, which is lame unless you're 10, but the execution was insane!  Huge 20 feet walls of mist shot up which became a screen for movie clips that were merged with the water canons, fireworks, and laser lights.  Insane!  Both my husband and I were completely mesmerized, and for the first time on our week long adult trip to Walt Disney World, he was enraptured like a little kid.  AW! Up until this closing show, Hollywood Studios would have scored a respectable and solid 4 star...but this show pushed it over into a solid 5.  Fantastic!
3 words - Rock - n -Rollercoaster!!! OMG!!! Amazing. I love Aerosmith too so doubly good. Lovely park to walk around and see the muppets too
This is not one of the parks I came to as a kid so I was a little curious what I would think about old MGM-new Hollywood.  It's definitely in need of some renovation but I really enjoyed this park.  It helps that I am a big fan of Americana nostalgia stuff, but even so, they've got something for everyone.  My two faves were the Tower of Terror and Aerosmith coaster--definitely awesome!!!  The Toy Story line was ridiculous all day but whatever.  We also caught some of the shows and were anxious to take advantage of the magic hours on the night we went. Well beware, they close at 7 and while the Magic Hours were awesome for riding rides, the food selection basically evaporates.  Most of the restaurants shut down and the ones that stayed open were either utter crap or reservation only.   The food and one other little item are the reasons I'm taking off one star.  What was it??  GOOFY WOULDN'T TAKE A PICTURE WITH ME!  What the hell!!  We stopped by the Playhouse Disney dance party at the end of the night and YES i know it's mostly for kids but there were plenty of us "grownups" enjoying ourselves as well.  I tried to get a picture with Goofy and he waved me aside to take pictures with other little kids (fine) followed by other adults (NOT FINE!)  Screw you Goofy.  We had on our anniversary pins and everything!!!  Luckily Pluto came and swept me off my feet for a dance and all was forgotten (almost).   So in closing, visit Hollywood Studios but step on Goofy's foot for me if you see him!
A fun theme park that offers some wonderful rides and great food. You can spend the whole day touring the park and miss out loads while having a brilliant time also. I loved MGM and can't wait to go again and see what's new!
This place is probably great when it's on your birthday. The price for an average admission is ridiculous, if you don't book it online. Ralph picked this park since he's a big film buff. He definitely had no desire to see the American Idols one. Why would they have that here? I definitely avoided the Tower of Terror, and let Ralphie see it for himself. lol Who would miss the Aerosmith's Roller-coaster Ride? Riding this one while hearing the music was pretty awesome. We went on it twice. Indiana Jones stunt show was definitely fun to watch. Another stunt show with the race cars was the one I had most fun watching, though the speaker talked really fast. Performers really risked all that with fire and speeding. The Star Tours ride was kind of odd, but cool in its own way -- I got the figurine set of Muppets dressed up as Star Wars characters.. so cute that I had to get it. I so LOVED the Toy Store Mania, where you play the game like it's in front of you.. no wonder it had a lot of lines. We had lunch at Hollywood & Vine (no, I didn't have any wine =/) and was glad with the choice of getting a salad -- it filled me up and Ralph wished that he had the same. It was a relief getting a small iced latte from Starring Rolls Cafe after all the rides. Then, later in the evening we stopped by Pizza Planet, where we had our pizza with side salad around the game arcades. We were given our money back for the machine that didn't work at all. The gentleman who must have been a supervisor at the store across the street was in charge of that and was very polite. The Guest Services gave us a device that would help me understand what the speakers would say, but it wouldn't work that well. It looks like I'll never use that again and just enjoy watching rather than listening. We weren't really happy when they closed at 8 pm, and also found out that other Disney parks opened much later. I guess it's a smaller park or something?
mgm studios now more commonly known as hollywood studios now, is another fantastic addition to disneys parks, make sure you dont have breakfast before tower of terror or you may end up seeing it very soon. there is loads of shows at the mgm studios, my son is mickey mouse clubhouse and little einsteins mad and there is a terrific live show for them, the backlot tour is always good, and of course there is the new toy story the ride, this is excellent and a must see, grab fastpasses as soon as you can as they always run out by midday. we had a fantasmic dinner package at the brown derby very nice in very nice surroundings staff at disney are always mega mega nice and polite.
Unbeknown to me, Disney's Hollywood Studios park (formerly called MGM, until Disney dumped them in favor of Pixar) is not just about Disney films. Indiana Jones and Star Wars both feature here, but it's the Disney properties that get the truly star treatment. The highlights of this park for us were Star Tours (a very good space flight simulation ride, replete with animatronic C3PO), Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular (which recreates some key scenes from Raiders of the Lost Ark), and Muppets 3D (the best 3D movie we'd seen to that point). All the guide books raved about Toy Story Mania, a ride in which you travel in little cars through a 3D shooting gallery, but we found it only moderately fun -- certainly not worth an hour's wait (not that we did that; Fastpass rules, baby!). While we could have skipped the Prince Caspian attraction, which turned out to be an elaborate movie trailer more than anything else, and we didn't do every attraction in the park (our party included someone below 40" in height), the majority of them were a lot of fun.
I highly recommend the new Star Tours ride. It is a vast improvement over the original. They've spruced up the stand-by line so you have lots to see. (Look for the original pilot droid in the junk pile, labled defective.) But the real changes are in the ride itself. It is similar to the old ride in that it is still flight simulation with a video screen. The video has five interchangeable parts. First there is the escape scene, in which someone in the speeder is identified as a spy. You might have Stormtroopers order you to surrender or even old Darth Vader himself. Anyway, you escape and go to lightspeed, which is now a wonderful experience. After that, you will find yourself at Hoth, or the Wookie planet, or in a Tattoine pod race, etc. and the 3D graphics are amazing. You then receive a transmission from Ackbar or Yoda. My favorite was seeing a young Princess Leia. Then it's lightspeed again and another planet, this time it might be Naboo or Coruscant. I've been lucky enough to visit all the planets, but no ride was exactly like another. This is a ride I'll go back to again and again.
Oh MGM. I love you. There's this idea that Universal is the movie studio to go to. Maybe... if you want to be bored and cry in a corner. MGM had rides. Like REAL rides. GOOD rides. Tower of Terror? Weeeeee. Rockin' Roller Coaster? The BEST roller coaster I have EVER been on (and I've been on a few and I have no fear.) Ha! I even tricked my mom into going on it once when she's asked about the display car outside "why is it on a track upside down" and I said "they just put that there to scare you"... well, that WAS the truth. I never said it DIDN'T go upside down. Poor mom. And I've run into a lot of great staff at this park. And, honestly, I've spent entire days just lounging at the Catwalk Bar (when it's open. It's hard to find and is closed when there's a live show in the space next door but PM me and I'll give you the inside scoop.) Oh, but it's not just the great rides... this park has the best shows. Seriously.. the Hunchback one is Broadway quality. Oh, but don't waste your money eating at the Brown Derby (I'm not going to bother to review it separately). There's much better restaurants outside the park. (Although the 50's diner ain't bad, I have to say.)
not my favorite park but still a fun one.  we usually go over for lunch at the back lot dinner.. food is as reasonable as can be clean and friendly cast members.  we were here for christmas..  the osburn lights were amazing i suggest anyone who gets a chance goes to see them.  we didnt do to many of the rides there just the movie escape, toy story mania, and the back lot tour one of the times we were there my boys saw the car show also and they really enjoyed that!  will go back im sure.
A knock-off to Universal Studios, but Disney theme.  (Formerly called MGM, until Disney dropped them for Pixar). Not the most intriguing park of all WDW as my former love and I toured and walked it within approx. five and half hours (including waiting time for rides, shows, and lunch at Hollywood and Vine).  Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular and Muppets 3D were my highlights.  Tower of Terror is no longer one long straight drop as it has been re-programmed for random drops and lifts, which takes away the fear from the "terror" and suspense of this ride's original integrity.  The Cast Member who put me on the elevator was great.  He was totally creepy, talking slowly and rubbing his hands together.  He had this wicked grin on his face and his eyes were all glossed over.  The special effects on the way up were spectacular and the drops were intense.   Aerosmith's Rockin' Roller is an indoor roller coaster which I decline to participate due to being prone to motion sickness, but my former LOVE it as the music fit perfectly and the launch was great.   Voyage of the Little Mermaid were enjoyable which goes for the movie as well, but the effects were nice.  Great Movie Ride is depicts the history of movies through the years and the tour guide is "hijacked" with another Cast Member who later returns towards the end of the ride.  Sounds Dangerous was rather plain stupid as it did not have any message to the audience.  Fantasmic is really a fantastic show! N.B. This review is based entirely on my 2000 and 2004 visits, which pre-dates Prince Caspian attraction and newer ones.
Rock and roller coaster is great as well as the hollywood tower of terror. Love the changes to star tours and the sci fi diner. I do wish there was another action ride though. The great movie ride is a must for all ages.
I am in love with anything Disney!! We were lucky to get on both Aerosmith and Tower of Terror right away and honestly Aerosmith is one of my favorite rides now.  We were placed in the very first car and not knowing what we were getting into, it was quite a thrill.  The only other ride we were not able to get on was Toy Story Mania as the fast passes were already sold out by the time the park opened. We saw the Little Mermaid show and loved that we got to feel like we were in the movie. Indiana Jones was exactly the same as it was the first time I saw it 22 years go - fun and action packed. The Star Wars ride was very action packed. Pretty much loved everything about Hollywood Studios and will go back to get to some of the things we didn't get to see.
This is one fun ride. Fun for adults as well as the kids. Long lines and wait times, but get there early for fast pass because they don't last long.
I've come to this park numerous times in my life and not much has changed through the years. The Lights, Motors, Action! show is probably the best show in this park. Others have enjoyed the Jedi Academy, Star Wars ride (I'm not a Star Wars fan, sorry) and The Great Movie Ride (although, the cast member is never as enthus'd as he should be). With that said, here's my plan with my favorite rides in this park. Step 1: Go to Toy Story Mania and get the Fast Pass. Step 2: Go Tower of Terror then Rock N' Rollercoaster. Step 3: Go back Toy Story Mania and use your Fast Pass. In that order. Then you park hop. That's it. :)
MGM Studios is an amazing place to be! I thoroughly enjoyed it as a family day out, we had an awesome time and the rides are suitable for all ages up to 100! Kids have a new type of imagination and they believe they are in their own dreams and it is everything, you can't get them out! Great family day out! Tower of Terror is fast and stomach-dropping (you will know what I mean when you get on)! Rock n Rollercoaster was awesome and furious! The Indiana Jones Stunt Show was really fun and nail-biting! Would recommend!
Let's get this straight:  I love me some Disney.  No, I mean it, I LOVE ME SOME DISNEY LIKE YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW.  I'm a supposed intellectual who's taught at a university, so I'm expected to hate Disney and the corporate monster it represents, but its potent magic strips away my academic veneer to reveal the excitable child in my heart .  I may talk a good game with my snobby colleagues, but show me a picture of the Disney Princesses all smiling in poofy ballgowns and I'll flail like a five-year-old girl, blowing my cover entirely. So it is with true agony that I give a Disney park less than five stars.  To give it three stars makes me feel like a complete traitor to everything that makes childhood beautiful. I have to be honest, however. Hollywood Studios is simply not MAGICAL on the level of the other parks.  There's no real atmosphere-- the old Hollywood theme is scattered at best.  It plays out in memory as endless gray concrete and brown-palette buildings.  Rock N' Roller Coaster and Tower of Terror are its redeeming virtues. As for Toy Story Mania, it was so truly manic that I never managed to ride it despite trying on three separate occasions.  The lines were impregnable and FastPasses seemed to just vanish into thin air. If forced to skip a Disney park, I'm sad to say this would be the one I'd pass.
this is a magical place from shows to rides. everything there is truly 'magic' and is a place everybody must go. its clean all the satff are nice and everything there is really fun. watch this terifying ride 'tower of terror'.
More amazing Disney-style detailing in all of the sets and the shops and the rides. These folks have amusement parks down to a science.  I'm sad that I didn't get to spend more time here, but will spend more time here the next time we are in the area. This was the second half of our day and we just wanted to squeeze in a few more attractions. We road the Tower of Terror which we loved and then watched the Muppet Movie in 3D which we also loved. But then it was time for the park to close. If they were open 24 hours a day, I bet they would still have a line waiting to ride the bigger attractions!!
take a trip into the movies with m.g.m studios a really good theme parkfor the whole family. it has awesome shows and really big thrills. the staff there are really nice andthe place is very clean. it is definately recomended!!
Nostalgia Lane!!! We had to ride (and play) Toy Story Mania, twice and tried the Muppet Vision 3-D (for us, it was like a continuation of the movie we just saw in December...lol).   I was tempted to try Star Tours but had to pass on it.   We ran out of time to deal with the lines of Tower of Terror (but I'd been on it at Disneyland before.)       We watched a few shows--Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show, Beauty and the Beast - Live on Stage (yes, it was my favorite Disney movie, shut up), Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular! We learned a bit from the Great Movie Ride, Studio Backlot Tour, and Walt Disney: One Man's Dream.   We were greatly amused and entertained by Stone Granite and other Hollywood actors.   Hollywood Matchmaking Game--Bwahaha.
the best movie place in the world and the whole family will love it. it has the best rides ever and the best shows ever. the staff are really really nice and the place is clean and well maintained. it is a must do at florida and id definately recomend it
Many people might not agree with me, but Hollywood Studio is my favorite among all the 4 parks in Disney World.  I am from Japan and they do have Tokyo Disneyland which consists of Magic Kingdom and Disney Sea (they do not have Disney Sea in America but I would say it is somewhat like Epcot).  So to me, Magic Kingdom is something I have gone to many many times since I was a little kid and nothing new to me.  Do not get me wrong Magic Kingdom is still aboslutely great but Hollywood Studio is something I found new and different.   The whole park has the theme of American movie culture.  As you walk through the park, you will see San Francisco, New York, and Hollywood Chinatown.  Remember this park does not have many ride attractions so if that's what you are looking for, this park is not for you.  I love this park for their shows particularlly "Extreme Stunt Show" and "Fantasmic".   Extreme Stunt Show is very exciting!! Who would not get excited seeing crazy car actions with big flames!?  You literally feel like you are watching a film making for a car action scene.  Fantasmic was mesmorising!  You see Micky a lot and they use lights on water to show you all the characters from Disney movies (very beautiful) and at the end Micky battles with a dragon using fireworks.  The best show ever!   When you got tired of rides in theme parks, this place is a nice change and relaxing but fun with your date ;)
it is a very good movie themed park that is recomended to everyone. it has its big thrills such as tower of terror and lots of shows and parades. it is really clean and the staff are very freindly. everything there is in order and is one of the best theme parks in the world.
I love the Hollywood studios. The shops are my favorite, the rides are funnnn, the restaurants are deeelish, and the entertainment ROCKS!!!! Where to begin... 1) Attractions: My all time personal favorite has to be Muppet Vision 3D.  It is tucked away back by the streets of america and makes me smile.  The muppets are amazing and i love it!!  Tower of Terror and Rockin Roller Coaster are fun as well!!! 2) Restaurants: The Hollywood Brown Derby, Mama Melrose, and 50s Primetime Diner. Yum, Yum, and Yum!  They are all so different and they are all so delicisous!! Mama Melrose has a delicious antipasto. Brown Derby has a delicious Cobb Salad. 50s Primetime has tasty meatloaf and fried chicken.  All wonderful things...love it!! 3) Entertainment:  LOVE INDIANA JONES!  It has been around forever and never gets old. LOVE THE CITIZENS OF HOLLYWOOD!!!!  They wander the streets in classy outfits and make me laugh...uhhh, hello, dream job!! The only thing that makes it one star less is that it is very small and you can make it through in half a day.
What can I said about Disney's movie studio? It's a great park to visit. Their flagship attraction, I believe, are The Tower of Terror and Rockin Roller Coaster. The rest of the attractions are kind of dated and need to be revamped or changed. They do have many places to shop and dine with two places that are amazing 50s prime time cafe and sci fi dine in.  Other than that, it's a great place to visit for a half day then spend the rest of your day in your resort or at another park.
Christmas brings The Osborne Family Spectacle of Lights which, for the love of cake, should not be missed. Disney-MGM Studios is probably my least favorite of Disney Parks. It's not bad, it just annoyingly reminds me of Universal Studios (which is a literal crap factory). I came here during the Holiday season AND the Disneyland 50th Anniversary, so there was a lot more to see. The shows are pretty decent. Drew Carey's show is a little annoying. You spend most of your time in the dark listening to his voice (had he a wife, we would know how she'd feel). Fantasmic! falls short of the Disneyland version. They use different movie references and songs that don't flow as dramatically. It's also less impressive because you're in a stadium, rather than at the Rivers of America. The Spectacle of Lights is by far the greatest experience at Disney-MGM (and possibly Disney World). In all my life, I've never seen so many Christmas lights on display. Supposedly, the wealthy Osborne family put up decorations in their residential home that became too massive for the neighborhood. They took the displays and moved them to Disney-MGM. A whole city block is illuminated by moving displays and Christmas trees. Lights are strewn on all the buildings and even in the alleys. They top it all off with music and fake snow. It's really one of the most moving things I've ever seen (as corny as that sounds). Be there when they turn them on.
Yes! I LOVE this place! So this park is more "movie-based." It focuses on Disney movies and movie production in the most fun and colorful way possible. They have some great attractions. Here are my favorites: Hollywood Tower of Terror--It's kind of creepy how they take you back to the "Twilight Zone" and drop you from stories high. The line is long, but if you like thrill rides, this is one of the good ones throughout the entire park. It's set up like a hotel, you go up in an elevator, the doors open so you could take a peak outside, and then you get dropped. Lol. Sounds kind of simple, but I hope you get the drift! Aerosmith Rock and Roller Coaster--I love roller coasters! This is an indoor coaster with awesome lighting and sound. I highly recommend this! Yeah this is a must! The wait is long, but what the heck...you're there and it's one of the best rides in the park! Light, Motors, Action Extreme Stunt show--This was pretty awesome. I mean I'm not even to cars and I thought it was neat! This is am outdoor show, you sit on bleachers, and watch cars do these ridiculous stunts! It's a thrilling experience! The American Idol Experience--The judges are...well idk who they are...but they act like AI judges! The stage and audience is set up like the real AI show. They choose guests of the park who audition to perform. They sing their hearts out for you/the audience. The judges give their input. It really seems like a live taping of AI lol. The voting is similar too. It's pretty neat and fun! It's indoors so if it's hot out, this would be a great way to cool off. The Great Movie Ride--This may be more for adults because they have some old movies featured on this ride. This ride slowly takes ou on a sort of journey through classic movies. Your guide talks you through the ride and even participates in some of the action scenes you will go through. Voyage of the Little Mermaid--This is a show...not a ride! For some reason, everytime I go here, I expect it to be a ride lol...maybe because of the word "voyage" being a part of it. I love the Little Mermaid and the songs in the movie. They had this attraction when I was little, and I'm glad they still have it. Great for kids! I think we all had to stand though...I don't remember. Correct me if I'm wrong. There's so much more to this place. Those were just my highlights. The cons include: waiting in lines, pricing, the heat (depending what time of the year you go), and the crowds...it could get packed!
"The Studios" is my favorite WDW park, 2nd only to the much more varietal EPCOT. Parks, in age order: Magic Kingdom - kids and teens, with adults wanting to relive youth Studios - teen, adult, and children able to appreciate EPCOT - Adults, mature teens, and some mature children Animal Kingdom - (my LEAST favorite) - families and groups Note:  ONLY Magic Kingdom does not serve beer, and NONE sell tobacco. BUT, at the Studio, there is a well hidden full bar through the small door left of the Prime Time Cafe at the north side of the lagoon (also restaurant waiting area, so busy during grazing times). Eat before entering parks to save cash, you may bring foods into the park but no coolers. I advise (as in any park), get there at opening for the best experience! Immediately go to the BACK of the park ... everybody (but the pro) heads to the first thing they see. Work in a circular direction back toward the front (the park is almost round). More expensive restaurants are around the lagoon; make reservations way in advance for "preferred seating".  The boat at the lagoon is usually the fastest for lunch and drinks. Around 11, go get a FAST PASS at the most desired attraction for later use ..... (pssst ... you are assigned an hour window, but can use it anytime before closing!); about 2 hours later you can get more fast passes, but the computer will say no.   The Tower and the Coaster are the most popular. After dark, and DURING parades, the lines are much shorter. If you have a park hopper ... EPCOT has THE BEST FIREWORKS at closing! Please note the designated smoking areas! HAVE FUN!
Oh, MGM Studios, where art thou? I started coming here in 1990, and the park has changed a lot since then.  "Disney-MGM Studios" has changed to "Disney's Hollywood Studios", "Sorcery in the Sky" has given way to "Fantasmic!", "Superstar Television" has become "The American Idol Experience", and Star Tours has, well, not changed at all!  (Though it is going down for renovation later this year.) This is a 3.5 star review.  Studios is designed to celebrate the "Hollywood that never was", and it has a constant show business theme.  The Great Movie Ride is an absolute classic that really does not need much in the way of changes, except maybe to reflect films that have come out in the past 15 years that it might want to add to the lineup of classics.  Rock 'n' Roller Coaster is the best roller coaster at Walt Disney World, and Tower of Terror is enjoyable, yet pleasantly much tamer than one expects.  (One hopes that Disney keeps up its relationship with Aerosmith.  I do not want to ride "Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring: Nickelback".)  Toy Story Mania is a lot of fun, but given the long lines, it's really best enjoyed with a FastPass. There are some things I don't like about the Studios: 1.  Crowds.  This is WDW's smallest theme park.  And, given that its roller coasters and show-biz theme attract a more teen-aged crowd, the place is always teeming with cheerleaders, football teams, huge international tourist groups.  This means long lines for everything, given that there isn't a ton to do for a whole day (point 2).  And, since two of the biggest attractions (Tower and Coaster) are in the same area, there's always a huge bottleneck down there, which is uncomfortable to navigate. 2.  Not a full-day park.  This isn't like Disney's Animal Kingdom, where you don't have to go on the rides to appreciate the theming and to see animals.  Though the Streetmosphere actors on Hollywood Blvd. are fun, there isn't a whole lot to see in terms of theme outside there, and if you blow through all of the rides in four or five hours, then there isn't much to do other than stage shows.  The shows are good, but when you're done with the shows and the rides, what do you do then? Studios does have plenty going for it, though.  There's a very good chance that you'll see or run into someone famous.  (Stuart Scott from ESPN and his handler almost bumped into me.  Jerry Rice rode by in the parade.)  The Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show is worth the price of admission, as is the Fantasmic nighttime show.  (The fact that they route you all the way back through the park, past all the gift shops, is kind of annoying.)  The Hollywood Brown Derby is one of WDW's best restaurants, featuring great steaks and craft beer to match.  And, I have sentimental memories of the backlot tour and the Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular, though both have changed little since I first visited at the tender age of eight. I like the Studios, but of all four parks at WDW, it's probably my least favorite.  Definitely go, but take your time, and try to find a time when it's not so crowded so you can avoid the big crowds.
There were a lot of great shows here.  I enjoyed the car stunt show, and Beauty & the Beast was beautiful! We went to get fast passes for the Toy Story ride, which boasted over an hour wait time, but the passes were set for 8pm.  Disappointed, we turned away from the fast passes when an employee came up and made us a "Magical Moment Family."  We received a special card with Buzz and Woody's autographs, and jumped the line!  The ride was great, and we appreciated that someone was so kind to us! My mom and I rode the Star Wars ride and had a blast on it.  We really enjoyed watching Darth Vader and his Storm Troopers performing outside.
Hollywood Studios (MGM) has the worst layout of all the parks. It just doesn't flow. So you need a plan. Look at your map. You can either start to the right, going through the the HOLLYWOOD BLVD section to the SUNSET BLVD section or your can start to the left and hit the BACK LOT section. I recommend you start to the right. The following are the highlights from the different sections. SUNSET BLVD        Tower of Terror        Aerosmith ANIMATION COURTYARD        Back lot tour HOLLYWOOD BLVD       The movie ride BACK LOT        Stunt Show         Muppets 3D         Star Wars         Indiana Jones Moving in this general direction will keep you from walking back and forth needlessly, and will get you on the main rides. There is definitely more to do than the above mentioned, but the above mentioned is what you are going to have to FAST PASS and you are going find yourself planning your schedule around them.
Ehhh. Disapointing. The park is very small, there are a very limited number of rides(which leads to redonkulously long waits in line for the few rides there are available) I dont care how badass the Aerosmith Rollercoaster looks, I am NOT spending 2 hrs in line for it!...and Toy Story was even worse! I am a Star Tours geek, so I did love the new updated Star Tours ride. highlight of the day....by far.. Tower of Terror was great too. This version is better than the Cali version. around 230pm there was a MASSIVE downpour and after spending 1.5 hrs stuck in a souvineer shop....we bolted for the car...not their fault...but sadly we were already talking about leaving because we had walked around the park 4 or 5 times by that point and were already getting bored.. my take: Disneyland is King of Disney parks.....and Universal kicks the sh*t out of all of them! lol ...just sayin'
Hollywood Studios might be smaller compare to other Disney parks but it is my favorite! Lots of fun rides and good shows. The new American Idol Experience is a must see for all! It is a very Disney. You almost couldn't tell what is real and what not. The contestants performance was amazing. This park has some of the very best trill rides too. You can't miss Tower of Terror and the Rock n Roll Roller coaster. Last but not least, make sure you catch the Fantasmic show. Is it the one best closing show in all of Disney parks. Get there at least 30-45 mins before the show to catch some good seats.
I want to love this park so much, and I do like it, it's just not love! There are two major things I love about this park though...Rockin' Roller Coaster and Tower of Terror.  I would never go to Disney and not go to this park...but I want more thrill rides! I get that Disney is supposed to be a family affair, but families want thrills too!  Obviously I'm not a theme park designer, so I don't understand the logistics behind creating and building thrill rides, but I'm disappointed they haven't built more in this particular park.  They obviously do it well, but I'm getting greedy and impatient and I want more!  But for now...I'll keep riding my favs and hope for more thrilling days at the park! For tips, definitely head straight to either R n' R or Tower when you first get into the park so you can grab a fast pass.  You can't have two fast passes at one time, so I'd grab one and then get in line for the other.   The new American Idol show is also pretty fun.  You can actually audition for the many shows they run each day.  If you actually win your "show" you move on to the final performance of the day at 7pm.  If you win that one you get a pass that lets you skip the lines at a local AI audition of your choice.  Pretty sweet deal if you ask me! The other fun show is the LIghts, Motor, Action!  They show you what happens behind the scenes of an action movie.  It's definitely interesting and keeps your attention (even little ones) the entire time!   If you're planning on going here I'd make this a park hopper day and combine this park with Animal or Epcot.  You don't need to spend all day here.  Have fun!!
A really nice ride for adults who need a break from the crowds/heat/humidity and who love movies. One of Disney's better ride through exhibit type attractions. Faves were the western scenario and Oz. Little kids may be bored by much of it, but us old fogies loved it!
We spent one day here.  It was chosen very carefully so we could enjoy the one of the Star Wars Weekends.  We got to see Donald dressed as a Stromtrooper and Goofy as Darth Vader.  They had some of the actors and directors/technical people there to meet the fans.   (pictures to come shortly.) The Rock 'n' Roller Coaster was a fun ride, but I won't go on it again, because my ears were getting banged up because of the u-bar.  We didn't make it on Toy Story Mania because of the demand.  We got our fast passes about 10AM for return at 7PM.  We ended up giving them to other guests (I figured that we could experience it at DL).   I missed seeing Fanstamic but it was more important to me to spend the last night with the family before they left to go back home.
I adore this ride.  It is on the long side and not so thrilling, but totally disney.  Alot of hidden mickeys on this ride, if you are a bit of a nerd and play that game like me :D This ride takes you "inside the movies" and you go in to different scenes of movies, like the wizard of oz and idiana jones.  Very Cool.   I never get tired of this one!
This place is like a mini-Universal Studios.  I mean a very, very mini version.  We waited in line forever just to get on the ride for the MGM studio tour.  Before you knew it, it was over.  ah well... The Rockin Roller Coaster is a blast!  Nothing like screaming to the sounds of Aerosmith in the background.  My favorite part is the take off.  Odd, but when you go on it, you'll know what I mean.   We went on it twice.  Long lines, or else we would have done it again and again. The Tower of Terror was a disappointment for me.  It looked so scary on TV...  and it really didn't do anything for me.  Too bad.
Personally, Hollywood Studios is my favorite of the four parks at Walt Disney World. I love everything about it. First, it has all my favorite rides: Star Tours, Tower of Terror, the Rock N' Roller Coaster, Toy Story Mania, and the Great Movie Ride. Second, the best evening show, Fantasmic, is there. Third, there is so much to see because every movie-themed area is so detailed. You could just walk around all day trying to see everything. For instance, you can walk around the streets of New York and see all of the hidden set pieces and then walk around the Ewok village outside Star Tours. I also recommend that anyone who is interested in the history of the Disney company should make sure to see the new Walt Disney exhibit. I was amazed looking at all of the exhibits from the Disney vaults. Hollywood Studios is truly amazing. I also have to mention that we went to Hollywood Studios for Star Wars Weekends. I am a big Star Wars fans and had so much fun with all of the special Star Wars events they had planned. They also really used all of their Disney planning for the signings as well. The lines at the signings moved like a well oiled machine.
Not our favorite park, but still very worthwhile to visit.  We went on New Year's Eve and it was a madhouse.  But we still got to see quite a few things.  Get there early and use a touring plan - or at least have a plan - if you're going on a holiday. Our boys really liked the Indiana Jones show, the backlot tour, and the Toy Story ride.  If you have easily frightened children, the backlot tour may be a bit much.  Our 4 year old was fine with it - but we prepared him and let him know that Catasrophe Canyon was pretend. Our 9 year old is still too afraid to ride the Tower of Terror but our 8 year old wanted to do it (again) and he was pretty scared (again).  No way would I take our very brave 4 year old on the Tower of Terror even though he meets the height requirement - and he did everything else in the park.  It's not the drop itself that's so scary - it's the anticipation. Our boys liked Voyage of the Little Mermaid even though it's "girly" it's still entertaining and everyone loved Fantasmic!  Definately worth seeing.
Out of all of the parks I went to, this was my least favorite. In my opinion, do not waste your money here. Especially since I believe all disney parks are going to have a price hike anyway, which means then it REALLY will be a waste of money. First of all, compared to all of the other parks it is pretty small, WAY too small to accommodate all of the people that were there. I felt like I was at Rockefellar plaza during christmas time, people were bumping into you left and right. It was way more crowded than all of the other parks. Next we get there in the middle of the day because we used the park hopper option. As soon as we get there we see a board that shows the current wait time for all of the rides. This is when I notice that Hollywood studios doesn't really have many rides. The Toy Story ride had over a 100 minute wait and no more fast passes left, and same with the Aerosmith ride. We made sure to get Tower of Terror fastpasses just in time and were considering waiting on the Aerosmith ride while we tried to kill time before the tower of terror. This is when we noticed that the Aerosmith ride has a 190 minute wait!!! I have NEVER seen such a long wait. Needless to say we didn't wait on it. That didn't leave many rides left that we were interested in going on. Next we tried to kill time by eating at the Sci-Fi dine-in theater bc it had good reviews. I learned that this is NOT the place for spur of the moment dinner plans. They not only were they full but they don't even have a waiting list. They just told us to come back periodially and they have no idea when a table will be open. Seriously? I have never in my life heard of a place that won't even write your name down. That makes no sense. Since we did not have kids with us, the Star Wars show really didn't appeal to us. Especially since that area was overcrowded to begin with. We left shortly after that and did not go on the Tower of Terror. Essentially we gave up with the park. Overall it is not worth the money and time. They need more rides and more space. And their popular dining places need some form of a wait list (come on that's idiot proof).
Definitely the weakest of the 4 parks. The huge hat in the middle of the park stands out to me, but maybe because I'm from CA, this park isn't that great. Beauty & The Beast - very good stage show. Disney always does a good job with live stage shows. Singing and costumes were great. This was the highlight of the park for me. Indiana Jones - a stunt show, not a ride. There were some cool stunts, but it was dragged out a bit. If they had a little less audience participation and cut the time down, it could be better. Journey into Narnia - a lame stand up movie. This one was disappointing. All you do is walk into a room where they show a movie on the screen. They need to re-do this one. Toy Story & Little Mermaid - the fastpass for Toy Story was sold out at 9:30 AM that day! Little Mermaid had a 2 show wait. Maybe we were just there on the wrong day. Boo... Walt Disney: One Man's Dream - not as cool as the one they used to have at Disneyland, but interesting how much failure and turmoil Walt Disney encountered to build his parks. I doubt many people had bigger dreams... Overall this is a 1/2 day park. If I went back again and had to choose one park to skip, this would be it.
This was my favorite Disney park! I like coasters but they eventually get boring for me and there are plenty of parks that offer rides--- but nothing is like the Fantasmic show that comes on when the park is about to close. It's a fantastic water, light, and theatre spectacticle. I loved it! Beauty and the Beast is my favorite Disney movie so I was thrilled to watch the live show. I thought they did a great job and all the singing and dancing wasn't terribly tacky. I also really enjoyed the Lights Motors Actions show which gives you a behind the scenes look at car stunts. My brothers especially loved this show---cars+fire=good time The Indiana stunt show was a disappointment, however. I thought that it was really slow and there was too much audience participation. I wanted more action! Though this park is smaller than the other parks, I felt like it was really nice to be able to stroll around and not feel rushed to try to do everything. I think that all the shows make it worth it, if you're into that kind of stuff, because they are mostly well done and it's just nice to get out of the sun.
This park is not my favorite park, but it is not the worst. I love this park because it houses Fantasmic which is by far one of the best evening spectacles Disney has to offer next to Wishes! The park itself has also my favorite roller coaster the Rockin' Roller coaster made by Aerosmith which is the best ride for thrill ride for me that Disney offers, I know a lot of people like tower of terror but it was really not as exciting after the first time for me, but I do love the view as you are on your way down! The problem with the park is that for QSR food and even table service the food are not that exciting, the only restaurants i recommend are the Brown Derby and Prime Time cafe, but for quick food none of it appeals to me. The best events here are definitely when you have the May the 4th be with you and the Star Wars weekends events during the summer and then the winter holidays they have the Osbourne lights and fake snow which is really great as well. If you want a whole bunch of rides then this won't be the park for you it has more shows than rides, and the rides they do have normally have a wait time to the end of the earth it seems like unless you get a fast pass for ex Tower of Terror, Rockin', or the Toy Story ride which is awesome but so not worth a 2 to 4 hour wait that i have seen it at. I do love the One Man's dream exhibit if you want to load up on some Disney history it is a very interesting exhibit!
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 22/31 HC and I visited Hollywood Studios after going to Universal Studios the day before.  It was difficult not to make comparisons.  The guidebook I was reading even had a whole section comparing the two. One of the standout rides was definitely the Tower of Terror.  HC and I were big fans of it at California Adventure and I was wondering how it would be different.  I wasn't expecting how different the two rides would be.  Fortunately, we didn't have to wait long either time we went on the ride.  The ride itself was thrilling and I liked how the elevator actually left the initial track to do the rising and dropping.   HC enjoyed the Aerosmith roller coaster.  I was too worried about our stuff falling out to really enjoy the ride.  He said that it topped Space Mountain.  I couldn't agree with him.   The shows we saw were pretty good.  We watched the Beauty and the Beast show, the car stunt show, and the Little Mermaid show.  I thought B&B was the best and I liked how they condensed the movie into a short musical.  I was expecting a little more from the stunt show, but I thought it was pretty neat seeing how the stunt cars worked.  The only show I didn't really care for the was the Indiana Jones show.  I guess I was expecting something more.  I did like the aspect of putting  a cast member in the audience.  That part was pretty funny.   We didn't get to ride Toy Story Mania because it had a 90 minute wait throughout our time at the park.  We figured it wouldn't be that different from the one at DCA.   We took tons of pictures at DHS.  There were lots of characters around and lots of photo opportunities.
It was a fun ride.  But I would not wait in a line for 90 minutes like I have seen people do for it.  I suggest you do what we did, go to the park on an EMH (early magic hour) day and head straight back to this ride.  You will get on it within 10-15 minutes then grab a fast pass to come back later that day to ride it again. The interactive shooting is the best I have seen at Disney and Universal.  Definitely ride it, but plan out your day so that you ride it before the line gets too long because it is a very popular attraction.
The Great Movie Ride is an attraction at Walt Disney World's Disney's Hollywood Studios theme park. It is a dark ride which takes guests through scenes from famous films throughout history. The ride is located inside a recreation of the famous Hollywood landmark Grauman's Chinese Theatre. However, because the Walt Disney Company was denied permission to use the name "Grauman", the proper name of the building is simply "The Chinese Theatre". (Also, at the time the attraction was opened, the actual Grauman's Theater was officially known as "Mann's Chinese Theater" as it was owned by the Mann film theater group.) The facade was almost completely blocked from view in 2001 when a giant replica of The Sorcerer's Hat was built directly in front of the facade. Since then, the hat has served as the park's symbol.
I expected a lot more from Disney's Hollywood Studios and thought that Animal Kingdom would be my least favorite; however I was underwhelmed by what this park has to offer. A show-heavy park, Hollywood Studios was the only park where I wasn't thinking, "OMG, I'm at Disney World!" In terms of rides, there is not much going on here. Tower of Terror and Rockin' Roller Coaster were too much for me. The one ride I was looking forward to, Toy Story Midway Mania, had 1-2 hour waits, and they were out of Fast Passes by noon (despite being open until 1 am). So I didn't bother waiting and didn't get a chance to ride Midway Mania. The only two rides I went on were Star Tours and the Great Movie Ride. Star Tours is a Star Wars-themed motion simulator ride, and I enjoyed it. The Great Movie Ride is good for older park-goers. You sit in a giant cart that holds twenty-something people and ride through various famous movie scenes. You ride along with a narrator who interacts during different scenes (it changes from ride to ride). Movies include the Wizard of Oz, Casablanca and Singin' in the Rain. Those who are fans of American Idol like me will appreciate the American Idol Experience. While I can't offer info about the audition process, what I can say is that park-goers can audition and have the opportunity to win front line access at a future American Idol audition. American Idol Experience has various showtimes throughout the day. The winner of each moves on to compete in the finale at end of the day. The Indiana Jones stunt show was pretty interesting. Just a warning that this is an outside theater and will be hot if the fans aren't running (especially since fire is a part of the show). One of the redeeming factors of this park is Fantasmic. One of my favorite Disney park shows next to the Main Street Electrical Parade at Magic Kingdom. If this is your first time at Disney, go for the experience; otherwise, I would pass Hollywood Studios and save the day for Magic Kingdom or Epcot.
I love Disney. I need to spend more time in this park.  There is so much I haven't done.  The Toy Story ride is always so packed. Need to do that one day.  I also want to see the American Idol show.   Tower of Terror is a must.  Classic.   What is fun about this park is they have random performers walking around and interacting with the crowds.  The are portraying washed up old-Hollywood starlets. They were fabulous.  I had a blast watching them playing with crowd at lunch.  If you meet Victooooria Throckmorton, it will be your pleasure to meet her.
My favorite Disney park. Hollywood Studios may not be perfect but I love it all the same. I love the theming on Hollywood Boulevard. All of the headliner attractions are really cool. It's smart to get there before the gates open to avoid long waits. Head straight to Toy Story, pull a fast pass on the way out, ride the Rockin Roller Coaster, then Tower of Terror, then back to Toy Story. The rest of the day you can do Star Tours and the Great Movie Ride and see shows without a long wait. DHS has some little spots that I love. Check out Sid Cahuenga's One-of-a-Kind shop on the left once you enter. It's a really cool movie memorabilia shop that's often overlooked. I like to go to the Writers Stop for a coffee drink, and I like the Tune-In Lounge for a cocktail. The Tune-In Lounge also serves food from the 50's Prime Time Cafe. For quick service I like the Starring Roles Cafe, great sandwiches, sushi, and legendary cupcakes. If you want a table service meal the Brown Derby is one of the best restaurants on property and they bend over backwards to accommodate guests. Some of my favorite small attractions are in the Studios. At The Animation Academy you can learn to draw your favorite characters with a Disney animator. If you act excited enough they will give you the drawing they did so you can compare it to your likely terrible one. I also love Muppet Vision 3D. There are as many jokes in the pre-show as there are in the actual movie. Fantasmic may be my favorite nighttime spectacular in Walt Disney World. You'll want to show up about an hour in advance to make sure you get a good seat. It would be cool if they added more headliner attractions, and the ear hat is a little silly, but I'll always love this park.
This is a good theme park that has some of the more "wild" rides at Disney World. It's what I would consider a secondary park (along with Animal Kingdom) and really only requires one day to see. Still, some of my fave rides are in this park so that warrants a 5 star review. Must see rides: - Star Wars - Rockin Roller Coaster - Great movie ride - Tower of Terror (although sadly I get sick on it) Pretty much everything else is an "only if you have time" kind of thing for me. I will say, the quick service in this park is the worst of any park on property. For some reason, I have never had a decent quick service meal here that did not make me feel sick after it.
The second park we visited during our trip at Disney World. Wished we had more time to explore. Similar to California Adventures.. but of course, the park is named after Hollywood in California -.- The Great Movie Ride looks just like Grauman's Chinese Theater which I thought was funny since we just visited it not too long ago. Thought it was pretty cool that there's a ride conductor that comes with you on the ride to narrate everything. Beauty & the Beast Live on Stage show was good, surprised by how small the stage was compared to the others. Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular was different from what I expected but fun to watch since they asked for volunteers from the audience. Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show was probably one of the best car stunt shows I've ever seen. Lots of action! I really liked how the Pixar part of the park was decorated, wish we had more time to do more rides like the Rock n' Roller Coast staring Aerosmith and Studio Backlot tour. Most of the other rides are available at California Adventures so we decided not to wait, especially since Toy Story Mania was the longest wait (but my favorite ride!) Definitely would want to come back again the next chance we get!
Overall, this was a pretty solid park.  The Tower of Terror is 100% hilarious fun.  You get a dose of creepy, scary, suspense followed by being shot in the air and dropped down the elevator shaft a bunch of times that results in nothing but uncontrolled laughter. The Indiana Jones Stunt show was very, very cool.  Very close replicas of some of my favorite scenes were reinacted with brief educational breakdowns of the stunts in between.  The cast for the show was really good too. Unfortunately, the Star Wars and Rockin' Rollercoaster rides were down for maintenance.  [sad face]  However, we did get to watch some Junior Jedis in training, which was pretty cute and well put together by the park.
My Ratings:   Quantity: 4 - Fun! Quality: 4 - Lots to do! Price: 2 - Pricey for one day's ticket Location: 4 - Cool place! Parking: 4 - Parking lot (you pay!) Service: 3 - ok Speed: 3 - Good Overall: I like the place but once is enough! I'll go back when my kids are old enough to enjoy it. (I don't have kids yet) My Opinion/Story: We've never been to the Hollywood Studios before and wanted to check out the Tower of Terror.  We go there after lunch and it was enough to enjoy the park.  We didn't do a lot of the other shows but did the tours and rides.  It was a fun ride and the rest of the place was very entertaining but some of the shows and attractions are kinda old.  They need to update the place and some of their shows.  The price of the ticket per person per day is too expensive plus you have to pay for parking which was $15.  I like Disney World but going there once in my life is enough.
This is buy far my least favorite Disney theme park. (In a previous review I said I hate the Magic Kingdom, I still do but at least it has more to offer). When I was a child MGM aka Hollywood Studios, was my favorite park. Everything just was soooo cool to me. Unfortunately everything is still the same, and it's no longer cool. Tower of Terror is awesome! Rockin Roller Coaster is not worth a hundred minute wait, and even though Toy Story Mania is OFF THE CHAIN the four hour wait and cluster that FastPass is, it's not worth just going to the park for it. This park has so much potential but I'm not sure if they have the space to make it a reality. One thing that makes me furious is that stupid hideous hat that you see when you walk in. You would think it would be something cool when in actuality it's a giant pin store bleh. One thing Hollywood Studios doe have going for it is two PHENOMENAL events they put on each year; ESPN the Weekend and Star Wars Weekends. Those are the only two times a year that I make it out to the park. If you are a huge sports or Star Wars fan I would highly recommend planning a trip around these dates. But besides that I wouldn't put this place high on my to do list. Yelp can't even begin to hold all the awful things I have to say about their "Nighttime Spectacular" Fantasmic. What a waste of a couple of hours to your life. The stadium it is in is huge and uncomfortable. This plays a huge role in it because you have to arrive AT LEAST an hour early just to get a seat, then you sit there on extremely uncomfortable metal wondering why your back is beginning to hurt. The show itself bores me to death, the water screen drives me insane. I still hold true that if you want to have a fun-filled adult type day at Disney go to Animal Kingdom in the morning and EPCOT at night. But if you do find yourself stuck in Hollywood Studios once you start heading down Hollywood Blvd turn left and plop yourself down at Tune in Lounge, it's the only way your day will be enjoyable.
A THEME PARK DEDICATED TO THE GOLDEN AGE OF HOLLYWOOD I love this park; it transports me back into the golden age of Hollywood in the 1930s and 1940s.  The main entrance is Hollywood Boulevard with art deco buildings awash in pastel colors.  At a distance, is the 120-foot-high Sorcerer Mickey Hat which serves as the park icon and a great backdrop for photographs.   Behind the sorcerer hat, is an exact replica of Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood.  The Great Movie Ride is located inside the theater and it is one of my favorite rides.  You enter the ride through the front door of the theater and board large moving vehicles on a Hollywood soundstage.  The vehicles take you through richly detailed movie sets of classic films, including  Raider's of the Lost Ark, Casablanca, Mary Poppins, Alien, and The Wizard of Oz.   There was no line so we just walked in and were instantly taken on a journey through the movies with our enthusiastic tour guide. We made sure to visit the exhibit Walt Disney: One Man's Dream.  I think this exhibit and biographical film should be required viewing for all visitors of Walt Disney World. We made sure to visit The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror at the end of Sunset Boulevard.  We entered the dust covered lobby and quickly boarded a giant elevator thrill ride.  The thrill here is the 13 story free-fall drop that plunges you up and down in a random pattern.  This is probably my favorite ride in Walt Disney World.  It is much better than the version in Disneyland's California Adventure. We ended the day with a relaxing dinner at The Hollywood Brown Derby.  Disney's Hollywood Studios is a great park that you can easily see in one day.
DHS is awesome!!! I wish Disney would add more thrill rides like Tower of Terror and Rock n Roller Coaster. I feel that this park is the easiest to use the (horrible) new fast pass + system in. Get Toy Story Midway Mania for your first tier, Tower of Terror for your second, and whatever you want for the third (Great Movie Ride or Star Tours are my recommendations) I say ToT for the second because RnR has a single rider line. I don't know why more people don't use the SR line....like, do you talk to your group when you're on the ride? Is it really necessary to know the person beside you? I know I'm weird though, as an ex-cast member I used to go to the parks alone all the time. :)
Great park, cool architecture. Makes you feel like you are in 1950's Hollywood, especially at night. It was less crowded than Magic Kingdom, which is the best way to experience it. If you want to eat at any of the specialty restaurants, make a reservation EARLY.
Yawn.  This park actually put me to sleep.  It has the feel of an old park with tired rides.  Star Wars was fun, but I fell asleep during the backlot tour tram ride, and the great movie ride just felt outdated.  It's hard for the older theme parks to keep up with new technology, and at this park, it shows.
I believe this is the smallest amusement park out of the four Disney World Theme Parks. But still there are plenty to see and rides to enjoy in a fun filled day. Funny ride: The Great Movie Ride... I thought the live acting was pretty funny sort of like the Jungle Cruise. Must ride: Star Tours... this revamped ride needs to be ridden as many times as possible to see all of the different scenarios. Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith... fun roller coaster with loops and corkscrews. The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror... a fun drop! Toy Story Midway Mania... this arcade ride was unfortunately down when we were there. There are shows (i.e. Indiana Jones) that we didn't have time to get to that would definitely be a welcomed break for those that have been on their feet all day.
I should get rid of a star because they changed from MGM. That's what I'll always end up calling it though so, eh. This is a great place for tours of the epic action kind and shows. The Honey I Shrunk the Kids playset is awesome for kids but even older people can't admit that it's not really cool. I could be wrong but I do think that they also have a 4D Honey I shrunk the Kids show too. It's a 3D show with extra effects you can feel. Their 3D Muppets show is awesome, I just wish that for all these things they had better glasses. Now that they came out with the new movie theater 3D awesomeness for movies like UP, Monster and Aliens and Coroline I hope they implement THAT 3D into their shows. It'd be pretty awesome and "top of the line" in my opinion. The Great Movie Ride usually has a big line, but it's not just a ride through the movies it's an adventure that you become a part of. Your tour guide even gets involved. I don't want to spoil anything, but it's neat. Star Tours is shitty if you get motion sickness, but then again so would be Tower of Terror (which is horrifyingly awesome and you should give it a few goes!). The Little Mermaid show is really sweet and I would say the whole family can enjoy it. Some of the shows are gauged more towards younger kids, but if you like the Little Mermaid you're going to like the show. It's just kind of neat to see it live action. And the Ursula is true to character, literally. The Magic of Disney animation tour used to be AWESOME and you'd actually got to walk through the studios and see peoples crap and cels on the walls and where animators actually WORKED, but now it's a lot lamer, you don't see that stuff and you just basically get chatted at for a half hour. :/ The stunt show and backlot tours are really awesome and worth visiting, and ESPECIALLY in this park there's a lot of new attractions. In the past ten years I'd say they came up with a lot of new attractions. The last two really popular shows (if they still have them) I recommend are the Beauty and the Beast stage show (REALLY top notch) and the Indiana Jones stunt show. ALSO GO EAT PIZZA AT THE PIZZA PLANET (TOY STORY THEMED OUT!!!) It may not take you an entire day to go through MGM but it depends on how interested you are in what they have to offer. If you want to experience everything, it will take a whole day. Otherwise, hop back over to another park! (Hopper pass, highly recommended)
Bummer. Sure I'm still bitter that everyone in my party chose this park over Epcot, but I still want to be fair when I say this Disney park is weak. This park is mostly for kids, with low-key shows and High School Musical and American Idol dominating the main drag. The Great Movie Ride was tolerable, as was the Studio Backlot tour...but that one involved a whole lot of waiting. I don't do thrill rides, but I heard the Aerosmith coaster was cool. The Tower of Terror elicited some screams, too. We finished the night with the Fantasmic show, which was really better than the Magic Kingdom's closing show: fireworks, fire, character stunts and animation projections provided a stunning visual experience. Another worthwhile excursion was made to the Toy Story ride- definitely fun and worth grabbing a Fast Pass for. I wouldn't come plan on going here a for full day, but might consider it if you're doing a day hopper and run out of stuff to do at another park.
Hollywood Studios is the most fun out of all the parks, yet you only need a day, maybe two, so see the whole park. Since there are mostly shows in this park, take the time to make a game plan to see all the shows you want to see.
We had park hopper ticket so we tried to go as many parks as possible in ONE day, crazy I know. By the time we were through with EPCOT & Animal Kingdom, we only have 1 hour left to enjoy Hollywood Studios. One hour left, I know I had to pick wisely which rides/shows I wanted to do.  I pulled out the map and read all the descriptions and it seemed pretty BORING! Most were shows, not rides :( I knew I had to do Toy Storia Mania and I'm glad I did. Yes the wait was quite long (even though it was the end of the day) but totally worth it! Def one of my favorite Disney rides EVER (top 3). We had some time left so we just went to whatever was close by.  The Little Mermaid show was like the cartoon in a nutshell, they picked out some important scenes to re-enact/sing. It was pretty boring but not as boring at Narnia *SNOREEEE* I've already seen the movie so the "show" was like an extended preview of what the movie is about. What a waste of time.
This park is good for people that want to see a clean version of Hollywood and watch a bunch of shows/show type rides. Aerosmith rockin rollercoaster is the best thing at this park, I highly recommend it. tower of terror - it's ok, one of the better rides that drop you but I found it a bit boring.  I don't recommend it if you are scared of heights, as it really freaked some people out. toy story mania - it's a game ride, can be fun but is also very tiring. Beauty and the beast musical - nice and quick musical on beauty and the beast.   indiana jones stunt show - nice little show that tells you a little bit about how they do stunts for movies. the movie ride - a slow ride that is a little interesting in that it shows you
This was my first time to Disney World and related theme parks and so I wasn't sure what to expect. Right off the bat, you see the big blue hat which Mickey wore in Fantasia. It happened to be "Star Wars" weekend when we came and so there were Storm Troopers, Star Wars Characters as well as Disney Characters dressed in Star Wars themes. We attempted to use Fast Passes for a couple rides but it didn't seem to work out with the shows that were also going on around the same timeline. We did get to see the Indiana Jones Stunt show although there were "technical difficulties" so there was a long delay as we had to skip over the scene and start the next one. Journey into Narnia was not something I'd have waited in line for again. I wasn't a big fan of Prince Caspian the film and there wasn't much more to this 'attraction' then standing in a room and viewing the tv screens. Lights, Motor, Action was a car stunt show which was a little long but also did show some neat tricks as to how scenes are shot for films. My fiance loves 3D and we went and saw Muppet Vision in 3D. It was definitely cute and enjoyable for all ages although was 'broken' earlier in the day when we first went so we had to loop around later. We took the Studio Backlot Tour which I thought would be more similar to Universal Studios Backlot Tour (in Los Angeles). It was a little disappointing as we just looped around for a 10 min ride and was shown a stunt with water and hydraulics. The Great Movie Ride was also a little disappointing as we were shown some 'scenes' from movies as we sat in the tram. It seemed a bit outdated and also that the 'guides' were bored (it was 9am when the park first opened). Voyage of the Little Mermaid combined live actors with some singing and dancing from the movie. I enjoyed it but I'm also a big fan of the cartoon. My fiance said he liked it despite not really recalling the film. We didn't get a chance to ride the Aerosmith Rock'n' Roller Coaster or the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror as the weather turned sour on us and the park began shutting down rides due to safety. Our favorite by far (and due to no more Fast Passes).. we waited 90 minutes for Toy Story Mania. It wasn't clear from outside what the ride 'was' but we figured it'd be cute with Toy Story as the theme. When we got closer, we realized the ride was a 3D game which I had never seen before. we rode in 2x cars and got to 'shoot' at the gallery on big plasma screens and it would show us how many points we each got. It was great and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Although I wish the line was a lot faster so we could go through again.
This was my least favorite park out of the four major Disney Parks.  The spacing is way too tight and the huge shows create MAJOR traffic jams for everyone in the area of the shows.  This was so off putting we actually passed on the Lights Motors Action! stunt show.  This and the Disney Junior Live on Stage shows were the only ones we passed on.  Sounds Dangerous and Voyage of the Little Mermaid were both down.  But pretty much everything else we did! Not gonna do a run down of each attraction.  But I will give a few notes... Must see... Rockin' Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith.  A great idea realized for an "attraction" and a roller coaster.  Has to be the best "amusement ride" in WDW. Must pass... Journey Into Narnia: Prince Caspian.  Lame advert for a Movie that has been out on DVD for a long time. Must see... Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular! Quality...just good quality fun! Must pass.... "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" Movie Set Adventure...unless you are there on a totally dead day, pass this up and instead just use that time to stand in line for Toy Story Mania.  The walk through on that ride blows away the DCA version. I think this park has some major design problems and problems inherent with the "shows" it relies upon.  Fantasmic, the aforementioned Lights Motors Action and Indy all bring in huge crowds of people who hurry up and wait.  As with any group of people they get more and more cranky with each moment, which I am sure wears on the cast members that work here.  So here the grump factor from cast members was a little higher too.  I honestly don't know how they could fix the situations, maybe let people get "fast passes" to shows when they walk into the park for specific shows? Another must "do" is the Hollywood and Vine Breakfast or Lunch Buffet.  The variety was impressive and the service was just excellent.  Hopefully they will put Phineas and Ferb in there soon because really they wouldn't have an open seat if they did.  I can't recommend the dinner because I haven't had it. Longest wait.  1:10 for Phineas and Ferb photo op.   In all this would get a 3.5 stars but they get the "round up" because of a few great cast members and the flawless return of my license when I left it at the Turkey Leg Stand.
What an awesome ride! No wonder the line gets so long. The cars only seat four (two on each side) so loading is a little slow. Still, it's a fun, virtual, 4D carnival shoot 'em ride. Your car spins you from scene to scene where you score points. Some items are worth more points than other. The whole set up is just a blast and does take some degree of skill. In fact, there are entire blog and websites devoted to the strategies of the game. For us, it's always a fun competition when we ride this ride. As others have said go here first, get a fast pass then wait in line. Come back in the afternoon to ride again. The wait is usually 45-60 minutes. The line moves pretty fast and is mostly indoors. Potato Head entertains you for part of the queue, so the line isn't too bad.
Our family was least impressed with this Disney playground.  Perhaps it is because our children are still young.  Perhaps it is because we aren't movie buffs (I've never seen E.T. or Raiders of the Lost Ark).  Whatever it was, our day here was not as exciting as we had hoped. The Disney Junior area was okay.  We enjoyed the live show with all the characters.  The parade was fun.  We liked the Toy Story characters.  My daughter was able to secure a lot of autographs in this park. But there weren't many appealing rides.  The rock and roll rollercoaster did appeal to us, but the lines were so lengthy, we bailed.  We did not do the haunted tower with the young children. To cap it all off, right before we left, my daughter traded a special pin I had purchased her for some ho-hum pin.  Yeah, that will forever be etched in my mind as the capper to a less than stellar day. :)
Best place for shows and if your kids are into Disney Jr (Sophia the First, Jake and the Neverland Pirates, Mickeys Club House, etc) this is the only place in Disney to see the characters and experience the shows. Fun for adults too! Amazing Fantasmic show that you can not miss!
This was going to be my least favorite park. We missed out on most of Animal Kingdom because it Florida'd and the park flooded, and I genuinely thought about skipping out on Hollywood Studios and going back to Animal Kingdom because I expected Animal Kingdom to be awesome and I expected Hollywood Studios to be Dude Where's My Car. Turns out, I was wrong! For the first time ever! Hollywood Studios is pretty cool. The following are assorted thoughts: - Most rides had a short wait time. - The Tower of Terror was a letdown, pun intended, but I was glad because an actual 5 story free fall probably would have caused a Tower of Smells for Days. Maybe they use good seatbelts or maybe it helped that I saw the drop coming, but it didn't cause my stomach to reflux up my chest. Yay. - The Aerosmith Ride is actually really good. My favorite ride in every park. Caught me completely by surprise. Went on it Twice. - The shows were really good, but the scripting was terrible. Disney has this thing where they struggle to decide whether to cater their shows to adults or children, and in the end they have  child-quality scripts and adult-quality entertainment. Everything at the Indiana Jones show, for example, was great if it was muted, but with the scripts it was kind of painful. - Star Tours and Toy Story Mania are great. They're the same as the ones in California. The Great Movie ride though was bad, but probably not for the right reasons. At some point int he middle of the ride a "Bandit" took over the "tour." Unfortunately this bandit had an extremely thick and difficult to understand accent, and was making one liners that no one could make out, so everyone just started talking to each other as this actress struggled to get everyone's attention. I don't really blame anyone for that, but about 10 minutes of this 20 minute ride was awkward. I also took a Selfie with one of Chip and Dale. So I win. Anyway, was it the best park? No. Was it better than Animal Kingdom? I doubt it. But it wasn't a disappointment at all. Pretty happy with it and I'm glad I didn't miss it.
This is my favorite WDW park.  It has a couple of themed areas to totally recreate the streets of Hollywood in the golden era (1930-40s).  I've heard some folks say they don't feel Disney did a good job, but for me, I did not see anything to indicate that I was *not* walking the streets of Hollywood and that is was *not* the 1930s.  I thought it was excellent. Other areas of the park are less themed, but do make you feel as you are wondering around the back lots of major studios.  This park features several attractions.  Most of the attractions are shows, which is generally nothing that excites me, but I loved all of them it would have been a mistake to skip many of them. The best ride of the park, and possibly all of WDW, as of this writing, is the Twilight Zone Tower Of Terrer.  I love that ride and it strongly influences my decision to say this is my favorite WDW park.
I didn't read some of the reviews on Yelp! before our visit. We came here on Christmas 2009 and the Toy Story line was around 180 minutes.  We got there at around 11am and missed the fast pass distribution.  Looks like a lot of people know about this stuff already.   If you plan to go here, then try to get in early to get the fast pass for this ride.  There is no second chance unless you have to stay in the long line.
Out of all of the Walt Disney parks, this one was my favorite.   I enjoyed the rides, especially the Aerosmith Rock and Rollercoaster, and I really enjoyed the shows.      I would have liked to spend more time at the park, but when you're trying to fit in a whole week of Disney and Universal Studios, you get a little pressed for time! I definitely recommend watching the Indiana Jones show.. it was fun!   I got lucky by not having to wait in too many lines. I loved the sci fi restaurant too! It was very cool. :)    The waitress spilled a drink near me and I ended up getting a free milkshake.. delish! :)
Greetings, My girlfriend and I went here Sunday April 28, 2013 around 9:00am. This was the first time I have been back since 2001 and it didn't disappoint. From the food to the rides it was a memorable time. They now have a fast pass were you can go put in your room key or in our case our passes and get a time to comeback and go right on the rides. We honestly did most of the park from 9am-2pm. The twilight zone tower of terror was nothing like I remembered; my girlfriend loves the twilight zone so it was by far her favorite. We also did the toy story midway mania and rock'n roller coaster. I would recommend doing the fast pass for both and would do the toy story one ASAP as it gets filled fast. I would recommend the Indiana Jones show and Walt Disney: One Man's Dream (next to toy story ride and is 15minutes) too. Food: I love different foods and I found a little gem at Fairfax Fare: A Mac and Cheese with bacon on it hotdog and a bag of chips $8.59. We also had the Turkey Leg but it was kind of gross when we got into it. Staff is amazing!!!!!!!! Tips: Fast pass. They allow you to bring in water and food items. We refilled water at fountains. Trade Disney pins with staff. Create memories! Scott
MUST DO: Hollywood Tower of Terror - be prepared to SCREAM!! AHHH!! Aerosmith Rock n' Roller Coaster - 60 MPH roller coaster!  There's music playing during the ride!  Awesome! Beauty and the Beast Show - it's OUTDOORS so it will be HOT and HUMID but it's SO AMAZING! The Little Mermaid Underwater Show - the effects are SO COOOLLLL!!! Toy Story Game - SO MUCH BETTER THAN ASTRO BLASTERS! Enjoy!
First things first, i'm going to give anything Disney 5 stars. They do the theme park the way it should be done. Whether it seems cheap sometimes or not, its done with heart. With that said, this is the park we tend to go to most. While the lines can get busy, I'd rather be waiting in line 50 minutes for the aerosmith coaster rather than Peter Pan's flight...not knocking the classic's, just speaking the truth. The height requirement is easy to hit by the age of 6, so if you brought your young ones, tell them to man up. Same with the tower of terror, though I didn't take my brother's kids on that one because I was pretty sure his 8 year old was going to cry. The new star tours is well done.  You should check it out, and rekindle the love for the cult genre. So far I have skipped the backlot tour, because its long, and hot outside. I just like the atmosphere here. The shows in the street, the open feel. Good times..
This is the least interesting of the four Disney parks in Orlando.  There's lots of theming down the main street (Broadway, I think), but they are all shops - nothing interesting. The restaurants are the best thing here because of theming:  Prime Time Cafe and Sci Fi Diner especially stand out.  I also recall that the Brown Derby, while expensive, had great food.  The parade is very active but kind of boring after awhile.  The High School Musical shows are constant - you can't get away from them. The best things:  the themed restaurants, Fantasmic (which is harder and harder to get into), and Pixar's Toy Story Mania, which is an AWEsome ride.
Its pretty fun, but I went in August; jam packed and hot. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I went in the fall season when it wasn't so crowded and hot. I especially enjoyed the behind the scenes tour; it scared the crap out of me as a first grader so brace your small children for it.
Out of the 4 parks, this is my least favorite. Theres not much here worth visting. MUSTS tower of terror aerosmith rockin rollercoaster toy story mania indiana jones stunt show AVOID backlot tram the movie ride high school musical 3 there are many other things here to do, but they didnt seem exciting and when i did experience them they fell short of my expectations. I would still come back again for the musts, but if i had to skip 1 park this would be it.
After you've done the Aerosmith rollercoaster and the Hollywood Tower of terror, there just isn't much more to this park. The Toy Story ride is the same as it is in Disneyland, so no reason to wait all day in line.  The shows were meh, and the studio tour was just so-so.  Maybe once Star Tours opens back up my feelings will change, but I thought it was the least impressive of all the Disney World Parks. Dinner at the Brown Derby was like a diamond in the rough. Totally worth it.
Hollywood Studios was not always a "go to" Disney park for me, but over the years it has grown on me. The must dos are Tower of Terror, Rockin' Roller coaster, Star tours, Toy Story Mania, and Indiana Jones. Everything else is fun, but in a take-it-or-leave-it sort of way. This is a great park for everyone (kids, parents, grandparents) as there is something for everyone. When you first get to the park, go to Toy Story Mania and get a fast pass if you can otherwise you are looking for a llllooonnngg wait (but in my opinion it is worth the wait). Then hit up Star Tours. Check on Tour and Rockin' roller coast and see which line is shorter (hint: they are right next to each other). If the lines are long wait for the Fantasmic show and go then (you are not missing much and they offer two showings). The food in the park is fine. My favorite is eating at the SciFi Theatre (save yourself the time and make a reservation).
Worst park at Disney.. Wait is awful, rides are boring, and nothing works correctly..
Formerly my favorite park at Disney World, probably solely because of Star Tours, this is now my 3rd favorite.  Not because I didn't enjoy it, but just because now it isn't as interesting as the other parks.  It does, however, have three of the best rides. Best rides/attractions: -Tower of Terror -Rock n' Roller Coaster -Toy Story Mania (really long wait, but surprisingly fun and interactive.  Everyone is right, the fast passes are gone early in the morning.) -Muppet Vision 3-D (cute, funny, good 3-D effects) Okay rides/attractions: -The Great Movie Ride (some of the audioanimatronics are good, some are crappy.  Needs to be updated, maybe have a few newer movies.) -Sounds Dangerous with Drew Carey (a good dark attraction in which to take a nap) The other attractions we didn't bother with...The American Idol Experience looked dumb, and I remembered the Backlot Tour as being boring.  Unfortunately, Star Tours was closed for renovations (they're going to add stuff from the prequels and completely ruin it). The atmosphere is kind of fun, with a 1930s-style Hollywood vibe.  Lots of actors with little street shows.  The Block Party Bash parade looked good, but we didn't arrive early enough and couldn't see much of the action through the crowds.
This is a decent park...rounding up from a 3.5 to 4. There aren't a lot of rides but there are a lot of shows, so if that's your thing, the come here. RIDES: + Rock 'n' Roller Coaster -- once you get in the park, come grab a fast pass, it's the best ride and a long long wait + The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror -- this ride was actually pretty cool and not that scary (I thought it was one long drop but...you'll find out) +/- Star Tours -- the original at Disneyland is much better ? -- couldn't get into Toy Story Mania! It consistently had a ridiculous wait. SHOWS: + Fantasmic -- night fireworks & show, very awesome + Lights Motors Actions -- if you want to see cars drifting and doing tricks...or if you want to give your boyfriend a reason to come to this park with you...this show is IT - The Legend of Captain Jack Sparrow -- BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT OF ALL THEME PARKS...you stand in a room and stare at a hologram +/- Studio Backlot Tour -- I was excited for this but it turned out to be just okay...lots of waiting and not much to see Full list: disneyworld.disney.go.co…
Probably my favorite park at Disney World! Rock n' Roller Coaster, Tower of Terror, and the Indiana Jones Stunt Show are more than solid reasons to visit this park! Didn't get a chance to ride Toy Story Mania since they ran out of Fastpasses by noon, and the stand-by times were more than 90 minutes throughout the entire day (yeah, eff that.) Plus, I have been on the one that they have a California Adventures, so I wasn't too disappointed. My only main gripe with this park was with the newly-updated Star Tours ride. In my opinion, they should have just left the ride as it was before, because I honestly didn't like the feel of this ride compared to how it originally was. Plenty of intense rides and entertaining shows for everyone!
Took the 6-year-old there for his birthday the weekend of 5/12. We got there less than an hour after the park opened and landed a Jedi Academy training no earlier than 6:20 p.m. Spend the day on the rides -- Star Tours (twice), Muppet 3-D Theater, Tower of Terror (twice with the coaster-loving 6-year-old). He was too short for the Aerosmith coaster, or we'd have done that too. As with our trip to Magic Kingdom in March for another birthday, I was continually impressed by the staff's attention to my son. Everywhere we went, cast members spoke to him by name and wished him a happy birthday. He got to be the spy on Star  Tours and a junior director for the Indiana Jones show. We ended the day with Jedi training and a one-on-one battle with Darth Vader. A pretty great day when you're 6!
In love with all the Disney parks. I still call this one MGM! :) Beauty and the Beat & the Lights Motors Action Stunt Show we're great... The car show was absolutely amazing its definitely worth seeing!! Tower or Terror is one of my fav rides at Disney. The attention to detail was great even when walking through the line waiting to get on. The Rock n Roller Coaster I'm not too much bothered with although it's a really great ride!! The Great Movie Ride I'll always love as it shows you back in time from when movies first came along...very interesting and yet again amazing attention to detail! Smaller park but def packed with a lot of FUN. Disney never disapoints.
I love the sets, I love the pace of this park, I love the food... It's also a smaller park and it's fun. The The Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights is so much fun and brings a lot of joy. So why the dismal rating? Well, there's a lot less to do. And normally, while I wouldn't knock it... the ah... how do I say this delicately... the other tourist groups made this a miserable place to be. And I will warn you that if you have the unfortunate luck of being in a small park with them, you'll likely want to strangle someone. This park was our last stop and we ran into about 4 of these groups. Now if you Google this phenomenon then the first hit will likely warn you about them. (COUGH::BTG::COUGH) They start singing LOUDLY in Spanish, they trample over anyway who comes their way (oh did I mention that they'll take up a huge walkway). They are the worse thing to hit these parks ever and especially worse WHEN FOUR GROUPS ARE COMING AT YOU AT ALL TIMES. It was actually nice to escape the park and then come back at a later time to enjoy the Spectacle of Dancing Lights after grabbing dinner at the Brown Derby. But seriously Disney, could you do something about these forsaken groups?
This and Animal Kingdom were both "all right" parks.  I didn't dislike it, but there were a few inconveniences.  Hollywood Studios reminded me a little bit of California Adventure in that it's a touristy vision of ~Hollywood~ and has Toy Story Mania and the Muppets 3D. Our time was not managed well at this park.  Its hours are very limited... on the days we visited, it closed at 7PM.  And, when we got there, ALL fast pass rides had been distributed for the day!  They only have like 4 FP rides.  So we weren't able to do any time saving, even though the park wasn't busy, and we only made it halfway through by 7pm.  I know this park isn't popular, but couldn't they keep it open til 9pm?  That's all we would have needed.   A couple of misses ride-wise: Sounds Dangerous was disappointing.  I felt like I was just listening to a podcast at night.  The Great Movie ride was also disappointing.  The gangster switch was awkward and the cast didn't really make it work.  Maybe we just got a bad cast.   The hits: Rockin Rollercoaster.  As a Los Angeleno, the premise was hilarious (a ride based on traffic lol) and the geography as well (the 5 to the 10 to the 101?).   But the coaster was awesome.  My only complaint is that our stuff almost fell out when we looped!  I wonder how often people lose stuff on that ride.   I also really enjoyed the stunt shows, and I liked how they set them up as a film shoot.  The car show was something I'd never seen before. We had lunch at the 50s diner, which had some annoying moments (the lady at the front DELETED our reservation instead of checking us in) and some dry meat, but my parents really liked the atmosphere.  The server was a little much for me, though, he was pretty obnoxious and loud.  Just not really my thing.   Dinner at the Brown Derby, good stuff.  I asked the hostess a question and mentioned I live in LA, and she asked if LA was close to Hollywood, heh.  The server claimed that the Disney Brown Derby was the exact distance from the replica of the Chinese Theater as the original was, but I'm pretty sure that's not true at all.  Oh well, it sounds cool I guess.  I wish we'd gotten the famous Cobb salad, but we were on the Dining Plan so it wasn't covered. Overall this park was fine... I wouldn't come back that often if I lived nearby, but I would do the rollercoaster if I had a park hopper pass.
Over the years, the Studios has become probably my favorite park to walk around in.  I love the atmosphere!  I treally feels more like a town than a theme park at times.  Between the buildings and the "citizens", it just has a great feeling to it. Don't go if you want to ride tons of rides.  Yes, it has them.  And some great ones, too!  But not nearly the number that Magic Kingdom has.  It's more of a 50/50 mix of rides and shows.  On a low attendance day, you could probably do just about everything in the park. Make sure you don't miss the Tower of Terror.  My all time favorite themed ride.  Hit Toy Story Midway Mania as soon as you get to the park to get a fastpass.  That line is always long and moves slow.  And of course, we can't forget about Star Tours now that it has been improved!  Awesome! And for dinner, Sci-Fi Dine In is fantastic!  You won't experience anything like it unless you go to a real drive in movie theater.
Woohoo! I'm going to Disney World! For the 2nd Disney park of our long Orlando weekend, the girlfriend & I chose Disney's Hollywood Studios. Since we were staying at the Boardwalk, it was only a short boat ride away. Even 1st thing in the morning, it was hot already. Staying out of the heat as much as possible was key to a good day & the boat ride helped. Once in the park, minutes after opening time, we implemented our plan of attack. Twilight Zone Tower of Terror & Rock N Roller Coaster are 2 of Disney's Hollywood Studios biggest & busiest attractions. They also happen to be right next to each other. We went straight to Tower of Terror, grabbed fastpasses & then hopped into line for the Rock N Roller Coaster. The plan worked perfectly, too perfectly actually. The line for Rock N Roller Coaster took a while but not too long & the ride was awesome. When we were done with that ride, we were in our fastpass time for Tower of Terror. Unfortunately, the shake, rattle & roll of Rock N Roller Coaster left the girlfriend woozy enough that she passed on Tower of Terror. I went for it & it was a blast. Thanks to our strategy, I went straight from 1 ride to the next with minimal wait in between rides for a fantastic 1-2 punch of thrill ride exhilaration. Afterwards, we settled into a much more relaxed pace. We did some sightseeing of Disney's replica L.A./ Hollywood as we casually made our way over to Star Tours. The line moved quickly & the ride was a lot of fun. I'm a Star Wars nerd so I enjoyed Star Tours, but I know hardcore, overly uptight Star Wars purists would probably be offended by certain scenes or the chronology not being correct. Yes, Solo fired 1st but this is just a Disney ride so take it easy. Disney's Hollywood Studios feels small for a Disney World park. Size aside, there's plenty of fun rides & shows. Twilight Zone Tower of Terror & Rock N Roller Coaster were both high adrenaline blasts. Star Tours was a fun time in a galaxy far, far away. There's also the all immersive theme environment common to all Disney parks. When you're here, the miniature reproduction L.A./ Hollywood are compelling & the world you came from is a forgotten place.
Honey I shrunk the Kids seemed gay (and outdated), so I pretended I was in "A Bug's Life" instead.  Indiana Jone's Stunt show was not to be missed as it was really quite impressive and in terms of people getting hurt, you could tell these people were all pros.  Lights, Motors, Action was good too and they explained how cars are modified in movies - cars that are retrofited backwards, and 4 gears to do quicker spins... all cool but at the same time somewhat disillusioning.   Sounds Dangerous (Drew Carey), Backlot Tour, Journey into Narnia, were all under maintenance/ construction so it's a pretty big fail in my book.  Toy Story Mania was the best and the Tower of Terror is not to be missed.  Star Tours was sort of dissappointing.
Do not miss a chance to ride the Tower of Terror! I rode this ride screaming the entire time and loved it! When my brother and I went in this ride we were the only ones in our "elevator!" I couldn't believe we had it to ourselves and were able to sit in the front row. When compared to Disneyland's version this one wins hands down - the elevator actually moves through the hotel before the drop. Wow, the dropping up and down felt like it would never end! TIP: Go to the line to the farthest left! Maybe you'll get lucky and your group will have it all to yourselves.
This is my second favorite park at Disney.  Yes it is crowded and some rides get busy fast, but it is all worth it.  Getting there early is a must or you will be out of luck at certain attractions.
Highlights:   Rock 'n' Roll Coaster - much better than Space Mtn...you can see what is coming up (or down!)  Great 'launch' from 0 to 60! Toy Story Mania - great fun for all ages!   Star Tours - Did this a few times, and it was exciting each time! Turkey leg - Who doesn't love a 12 inch 3 lb Turkey leg? Beauty & the Beast - OK - The kids didn't think it deserves a highlight, but mom and dad sure appreciated the mini-musical!  Very well done!  (And it kept the kiddo's attention through the whole show too!) OK - but not great: Stunt show:  Cool, but seems dated. Indiana Jones: Ditto. One Man's Dream:  Educational.  Good info though! Muppets Show:  Extreme 3D overemphasized over story and humor. Had it's moments. Could have done without. Hot dogs wrapped in pretzel bun. - It may have been better if the hot dog wasn't the worst looking/lowest quality hot dog in the world, and the fact that the thing was cold! Fantasmic:  The worst end of day fireworks/show display of the 3 parks we went to.  Was a long, drawn out commercial for all Disney movies wrapped up into Mickey's nightmare where he fought every villain in Disney's past, with no real point, and slow developing story.  I could see where the 'mist' video projections would be cool (in 2 ways) during a hot steamy night, but when it is 50 degrees out, the vapor from the water was not welcome! Conclusion:  Great Park to Visit, and even though we didn't get to experience everything, I think we hit all that we wanted to.  Probably wouldn't make a trip back to this park in the near future to hit the things we missed. FastPass Blurb (added to all 3 Disney Park Reviews):  As with all Disney Parks, if it is busy, you must utilize the FastPass system.  I just don't understand how people can waste 90-120 minutes of their day waiting in line.  If you plan out what you want to ride, start with the most popular rides and FastPass them first before the whole day of FPs are gone.  Hit smaller rides & food options between FPs.  It's not hard, it just takes a bit of planning! Mobile Magic App for Phones: Get it before you arrive.  GPS enabled maps with up to the minute info on wait times and special events is priceless.
As of yet I've refrained from writing about the different amusement parks, but I have to say that I just couldn't resist writing one for Hollywood studios. This place has a lot of memories for me personally, and it's probably the Disney park I have been to the most. A few of the other Yelpers have pointed out that Hollywood is basically just like a mini version of Universal. And for the most part I would agree. Except for one crucial thing, they don't get rid of their most popular rides (I'm looking at you King Kong!) My favorite ride here happens to be one of the oldest and is called The Great Movie Ride. It's not too terribly exciting, but it is a trip down memory lane and takes you through the different historical movies and genres. There are gangster movies, musical movies, and even sci fi and adventure movies like Indiana Jones and Alien to go through. It's a fairly long ride, but it is seriously one of my most favorite Disney attractions ever. So if you visit Hollywood studios, and are visiting Tower of Terror, or the RockNRollercoaster, pleas spare a few minutes for the Great Movie Ride. It really is awesome and if they ever get rid of it I will totally cry.
I was stuck on Rockin Roller Coaster, with little information, for over half an hour. Kids were screaming, and the woman in front of me damn near had a panic attack. To add insult to (non)injury, we weren't let out until we promised to put away phones and cameras. Dude, I have been strapped into a plastic seat for 40 minutes. Let me out. The response was completely insensitive and I was completely done with the park after that. (It was the first ride I got on, too). This sort of thing seems to happen all the time on this coaster. Be careful! Wait times include the waiting at the end, as well. The star goes to the people in guest services who helped us find our friends who didn't ride the ride, and assumed we had left the park.
Tower of Terror, how I love thee.   You are the only ride that I still get totally scared and freaked out about in advance, even though overall you're not that scary and when the rides over I usually get right back on the line. It must be the random drop/rise sequences that make you different each time.  (I prefer the sequences that go up first!) Rockin Rollercoaster (starring Aerosmith!) You were my first! Upside-down/ looping coaster, that is!  My BF and I waited on the Single Rider line for 40 minutes the day I finally got the nerve up to give you a try.    You did not disappoint.  Bonus for the quick takeoff. :D  In October I rode you 6 times in one day.  You rock. Hollywood Studios. You're cool for having the ToT & RnRC and the villain gift shop.  Otherwise, I wish you had some more stuff to do.  :(
This occurred on October 25 2013 at about 1pm. Background : A member of our group is on medication and has to frequently use the restroom, 3-4 times per hour. After waiting in line at the guest services I was told to get a fast pass. Fair enough. I went to the rockin roller coaster to get one where they turned me away saying they were out of fast passes for the day. The regular line was 80 minutes! So then I went to the tower of terror and got a pass which wanted me to come back about 6 hours later. We weren't planning on staying that long! I went back to the guest services and explained my situation. The woman kept telling me to use the single rider line (which was about 40 minutes) and to let my family go without the member in the normal line. Really? I told her this was not going to work and she said there were no other accommodations. After going back and forth a guy behind me in line started saying I was wasting everyone's time and to leave the line. The guest services woman agreed with the guy and told me there was nothing else to do. All of this, by the way, was discussed in the line with everyone else to hear. Complete waste of time and money.  Two years ago magic Kingdom was happy to accommodate me and didn't ask specifics about the condition. Wish I could say the same for Hollywood studios
Disney's Hollywood Studios was not what I expected it to be. Yes, it had a shorter wait time for rides compared to Magic Kingdom but I wasn't thrilled with most of the rides they have to offer. My favorite is their Rock'N'Roller coaster & Toy Story Mania! That is it. Star Wars ride was, eh... Not the greatest. A lot of their rides needs some kind of updating as it seemed to be getting out of date. But I still had a lot of fun here. If you want to get on the Toy Story Mania and not wait in line ALL DAY get to the park early and grab some fast passes!! They go REALLY fast! Park opened at 9AM and I arrived there at 9:45 (The fastpass box for Toy Story) and my pass was good for 2:30-3:30! WHAATT!!! It's that popular!! It was worth the wait though, as it was very FUN! Disney's Hollywood studio is more of a half day park visit, not an entire day park visit unlike Magic Kingdom.
Honestly, I have no idea what goes on at Hollywood Studios. What I DO know is the new Star Tours ride is GREAT! I went for the last week of Star Wars weekend. All of the events and guest appearances were really cool, and it was a great to see such a large variety of Star Wars fans. I did get on the Tower of Terror, because really? It's mandatory. My only advice is what ever you do try not to put your hands down the whole ride - It makes it more fun
I really like this park because - it's not too oversized - they serve alcohol - it's easy to navigate - there's plenty to do for both children and adults - they've kept their nostalgia by keeping some of their classic rides (i.e., The Great Movie Ride, Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular, The Backlot Tour, etc.) Obviously you want each and every park to be accommodating to people of all ages and I feel that Disney's Hollywood Studios does this perfectly.
Hollywood Studios aka MGM is what it used to be called. Is a good compromise for kids and adults. There is the Muppet 3D movie was is fun for both kids and adults. I love the muppets and there are good 3D effects. Indiana Jones is ok, it is more of a stunt show and how to from the Indy movies more than sceens from the movies. The Star Wars ride is one of the best rides in the park. You sit in a shuttle type pod with a movie screen and there are 58 different adventures you can go on. They just cycle at random so you can ride it 58 times and get a different one each time. There are some good places to eat and lots of snack areas. The Tower of Terror is a great ride another one of my favorites. This is also were you find the Back lot ride and Aerosmith Roller Coaster and the Haunted Mansion. This is one of the smaller parks so it is pretty easy to get through in one day.
Out of all four parks, I think I liked this one the least. It was geared more towards the kiddies so if you have no kids in your party, you might want to skip it. The Star Wars ride was closed, the line to see Buzz and Woody was humongous, and there were mainly movie sets around you. I enjoyed the Beauty and the Beast show, but that's about it. I wasn't a big fan of all the movie memorabilia so I didn't enjoy it very much, but I'm sure the kids will. I believe it is the smallest out of all the parks. The one ride I do recommend is the Tower of Terror. Loved it!
OVERDUE REVIEW: The line for this ride was pretty darn long..BUT I heard it is one of the best rides afar from space mountain and the twilight of horrors. Its a semi flat rollercoaster but very FAST! So this was the 2nd ride I think we got on after a few hrs of sight seeing and what not.. NO EATING YET. lol The wait was about 20-30 mins? The inside was very aerosmith-ish.. I think I recall seeing american idol stuff here too..LOL The decor carried interesting stone/tile/broken glass work on the walls i think and also the doors? I cant really remember because we rode this last year.. I highlighted that part because I am into HGTV stuff...lol ideas for the home etc.. Then you see the "studio" where you actually see drumsets etc I guess when aerosmith were on tour.. i guess memorbilia stuff? The ride per crowd was 2 heads per seat onto a long caterpillar like ride which i think had maybe 8 rows of 2 seats? Of course you are locked in onto this huge bar that sits on your stomach/lap kinda...The rock music is PRETTY LOUD per say... I think to bring excitement to the ride? You then face a huge screen where it will then do a COUNTDOWN as to when the ride will "TAKE OFF"... When it reaches 0 steve tyler's loud voice will automatically let go of the ride and BAM!!!! The damn ride goes off thats when you feel ur darn head gets dragged real fast like the feeling of a whiplash?? LOL it goes by so fast with SHARP TURNS and lights and so dark.. a slight hump but the TURNS will get you and the HIGH SPEED! ALL you feel is andrenaline and steve tyler's rockstar voice and the damn sharp turns and the FAST SPEED.. OMG!! Once it slows down you know the ride is almost over and for me i was slightly dizzy I had a hard time getting up and getting out of the ride for a few seconds..LOL Since the speed is sooo fast the ride may seem so quick.. so..be careful. Thank god I didnt eating anything YET!
This ride is pretty awesome! Now, if you have to been on the Tower of Terror is Disneyland - the Disney World is bigger and more impressive! Like most of the rides at Disney World (and because they have all the room) - there is more of a build up for the rides here...the rides have more detail while you are standing in line...and seem to make you "feel" more that you are in an old hotel. Unlike DL - the ride at DW actually moves through the building a little bit and we are told from some of the cast members that there are many different ways you are "dropped" on this ride at Disney World...sometimes you will go higher up, sometimes you will drop more...etc it's random. A must ride!
Don't ever use the Single Rider option on this ride! I spent 45 minutes waiting to be liberated from the line, as the regular line had nothing but even-numbered parties! Couples, families of four, six,  eight,all ride ahead of you! Finally, there was a family with one kid and I was sprung free!
Many think of Disney's Hollywood Studios (known as MGM Studios until 2008) as the more teen geared park at Disney World, but I think it has a great mix for all the ages. My favorite things in this park are Toy Story Mania (go here first if this is a priority because the wait gets out of control!), Muppet Vision 3-D (I'm wondering if waits will get longer for this with a newly released Muppets movie), Rock N Rollercoaster (indoor coaster at top speeds blasting Aerosmith), Tower of Terror (scares the heck out of me but there's nothing like it!), and the Beauty and the Beast show (depending on the singers that day). A new shows that I love is the American Idol Experience! If you are into reality shows and more specifically American Idol, you will love this show! How good it is really depends on the talent though! Since the park first opened in 1989, they have added many cool things! Parades and night time shows! This park is just awesome mixing Hollywood Glam and Disney fun! I love the old timer Hollywood characters walking around the park!  I'm big into taking pictures with characters when I go to Disney World and I can find the greatest variety of characters at DHS.. If you eat at any of the table service restaurants, you'll get a good meal! Sci Fi Dine In and 50s Prime Time Cafe will both give you a fun and unique experience! Every restaurant is pretty good though! They have decent counter service places at DHS, too. My favorite hidden secret is standing under the Singing in the Rain umbrella in the Streets of America! Just do it. ;)
The best thrill rides.  Fun! Highlights - Tower of Terror - Rock n Roller Coaster - Star Tours - Fried chicken at 50's Prime Time Also saw the Beauty and Beast show that was alright, but compared to other Disney stage productions...meh. Things I missed was the American Idol show and Toy Story ride (but we have that in California Adventure park...it is cool) I feel like it's smaller than the other parks, but I definitely enjoy the rides the best!
I had a wonderful time at the Hollywood parks. It was a relax atmosphere.  A lot of stuff to do here. If you love Hollywood, come to Disney's Hollywood Studios. The oldies, but goodies live at this place. You can see cinematic legends at the Great Movie Ride or go into the carnival at Toy Story Midway Mania. Ride into the Twilight Zone on the Tower of Terror or explore the Hollywood backlot in the Backlot tour. no matter what kind of ride you like, you can get it at the the Studios. The Tower of Terror/Rockin' Roller Coaster, Star Tours and eating at the Sci-Fi Dine in Theater are a must do.
This is my favorite coaster in all of WDW. It's smooth, fast and plays music from the rock gods known as Aerosmith. Not sure there's anything else you need to know.
In my opinion, this ride is much better than Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin.  It's a 3D ride, in which you the person sitting next to you shoot targets and try to beat the other team's score. If you're going to Hollywood Studios, you must stop here.  Try to go early in the day because FastPasses run out quickly.  Also, there's usually at least a 90 minute wait.
The best ride in Hollywood Studios. If you are planning a day here, the first thing you absolutely have to do is get a Fast Pass. On busy days, the fast passes are way gone before lunchtime! Don't be surprise if you see a 90 minute wait! Best time to go is during non season and when the parade starts passing by. Majority of the people will be out on the streets watching it. Some tricks to the game is to notice the outer edges of the screen and towards the bottom for the higher points of 2000-5000!
I had high expectations for this park being that it was the Hollywood version.  The few shows they had were really exceptional with my favorite being Beauty & the Beast which ran about 35 mins.  The car show they have was insanely long, making us wait almost an hour AFTER the show start time so the entire experience (lining up 45 min early) was about 3 hours long (wasted time). Even though I liked this place the least, everyone has to visit at least once.
I still think of this as a Universal knock off with a Disney touch.  I'm from So Cal so I grew up with Universal Studios, but I also live near Anaheim, so I'm a Disney kid.  I guess its the best of 2 worlds :) Their Indiana Jones stunt show is cute.  Every seat is a good seat, unless you want to get picked to be in the show. The Fantasmic Show is different than Anaheim's and worth seeing.  Try to catch the 2nd show.  Their Tower of Terror is also different than Anaheim.  I think its more scary! My favorite restaurant is the Prime Time Cafe 50's diner.  Comfort food and family friendly. I'm a fan!
Seriously this is an amazing park! This is like the Magic Kingdom for big kids.  You will have more than enough to do here!
Disney's Hollywood Studio is lot like Universal Studios Orlando, but not as fun - especially since a lot of attractions were closed during our visit. Hubs and I had a great time nevertheless and if you're going to visit Orlando for the Disney parks you might as well see all of them. Three and a half stars.
Hooray for Hollywood (Disney's Hollywood Studios ... AKA MGM Studios)!!! Lights! Camera!! ACTION!!!
I could've sworn this place was called the Disney MGM Studios before.  When did they change the name?? This place is definitely interesting, and like Christine A. said, it's strange when you're actually FROM LA and see bits and pieces of it Disneyfied and stuffed into Florida. The rides are okay, and I have little patience for the shows, so I usually skip this place and head to the other parks unless they're open late (they were open til past midnight one of the nights I was there), because the crowds + mediocre overall theme park = not too happy me.
Not much to say here about coasters but I really like this one.  Of course, I am an Aerosmith fan so that helps! The coaster shoots you onto the "freeway" from the very beginning so get ready to rock and roll when you get in the car.  Keep your head back! Coaster does go upside down and through a corkscrew or two so if you don't like that, you may not want to go on.  It is also done mostly in the dark.
Tower of Terror - my absolute favorite ride.  The new Toy STory ride is rather fun too.  We had to wait 3x one day for the ride.  It broke down 30 mins into the queue and they didn't give out fast passes.  The second time, it broke down again and managment finally gave out fast passes. We finally got to ride it the 3rd attempt. It's ratherf fun.  You shoot at objects to garnish points.   THe back lot tour is different from when it used to be called DIsney MGM Studios.  The art studio is not active here anymore & you used to be able to see artists working on their latest animated production.  Now they hire artists who live internationally and the studios are primarily in Hollywood or elsewhere.   I really like their Mickey cookies and cream ice cream sandwiches, sold at all the parks.  Prices haven't increased in years, $2.50.  Disneyland keeps them rockhard, but the ones in Florida tend to melt faster and are softer.   I'd rather come to the Disney Studios park over Animal Kingdom anyday.
Really fun park - my favorite of the Disney World parks. When entering the park, I immediately liked it: I felt like I was walking on Sunset Blvd in LA, only I had landed a few decades before I was even born! They definitely captures the LA vibe. I also loved the many entertainers in the street, several just walking around and doing a really great job at improv with the park guests. A few highlights of our visit: Phantasmic: get there early. And I mean EARLY. We got in almost an hour and half before the show started and managed to get very good seats, right in the middle, where you really get the most out of the show. 20 minutes before the show started, the whole huge amphitheater was totally packed. It was worth the wait. My tip: get there early (1 hour to 1.5 hours before) and bring food with you, so you can eat dinner and pass some time. The new Toy Story ride: huge lines. As soon as you get to the park grab a fast pass: we got ours at 9.30 and it was for 3.30pm. By 3pm the fast passes are usually sold out, but if you are willing to wait in line for an hour you might get the chance to go on the ride a second time. And you should, it's fun. It's the newest ride in the park, hence the lines. Playhouse Disney: 3 words: shoot me now. If you can at all avoid it, do. It may be just me, but I can't stand most of those shows anyways. Winnie the Pooh is the only one my toddler likes, Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is borderline. The rest... read my 3 words again. Voyage of the Little Mermaid. Just go. Totally worth it. The Beauty and  The Beast: ditto. Keep in mind that there are several shows every day, but the line starts early. It's worth it tough, it was the best show we went to IMO. There's lots more, but these were my favorites. I also liked the Honey I shrunk the Kids playground but it was way too crowded and it was impossible to keep track of the kids. It may be the smallest of the parks, but it's packed with cool stuff.
I really love going to Hollywood Studios.  I have probably been countless times, and have lived in the area seemingly forever, but have still yet to tire of this park.  Recently changing it's name from MGM Studios, Hollywood Studios does not have as many rides as the Magic Kingdom, but the ones they do have are great.  The two main ones are Aerosmith's Rockin' Rollercoaster, which is a cool indoor coaster to some great tunes, and Tower of Terror, which has added countless more drops to put your stomach in your throat.   This place has a studio lot feel, which has always seemed really cool to me.  The Muppet Show has been around forever, but it is still so entertaining and up to date.  The Star Tours ride is a definite must-see as well, for a warp speed jump to nostalgia.  Stay around at night to watch Phantasmic, a great lights show with killer music.
Hello Old Hollywood...Glitz and Glamour Galore Of all the Disney parks, I would have to say that it has the most thrilling rides. Rides that you should check out (with fast passes in hand) are.. Rock n' Roller Coaster The Tower of Terror Toy Story Mania Also, if you are feeling gutsy - try out for American Idol. You can go try out in front of two judges - if you make it, then you sing for the audience and if you make that you get to sing in the finale. The person who wins the finale gets the golden ticket to go in front of any real American Idol addition line. If you don't feel gutsy - then just go and watch a performance and vote on how you think should be the next American Idol!
**THIS REVIEW WAS WRITTEN FOR THE "BACKLOT TOUR" FOR SOME REASON THAT ATTRACTION WAS MERGED INTO THE PARK ITSELF** This attraction has been scaled back substantially over the years, mostly due to time and space issues.  The original Tour was around two hours long.  Over the years the park has grew in popularity and attraction expansion.  With each addition to the park, a portion of the Backlot Tour had to be subtracted.  It's now only about 35 minutes long. I remember taking the full 2 hour version when I was a kid.  As a avid movie buff I was dialed in the entire time.  But I can also see how the average park guest could grow tired after a while, and it definitely didn't inspire repeat viewing. That being said there's still enough interesting nuggets of information to keep you interested.  The "Boneyard" contains mostly old prop vehicles from movies, mostly from the early '80s.  I could tell I was possibly the only one in my group that recognized the pod ship from Flight of the Navigator.  But the crown jewel of the Boneyard is clearly MOUSE 1.  It's the private jet that Walt used while making many trips across country for, among other reasons, scouting locations for the "Florida Project." The two stunt portions of the tour are definitely still cool enough to withstand the test of time.  The "water action movie" scene, know as Harbor Attack, is informative with a bit of comic relief and excitement. Residential Street, which was the portion of the tour where houses used for exterior shots from classic TV shows were kept, was demolished in 2003 in order to build the Lights, Motors, Action Stunt Show in it's place.  That's just one example of the tour needing to be reduced for an obviously positive addition to the park.  Would you like to go on a slow moving tram tour, looking at exteriors of fake homes?  Or take in a big budget, blow 'em up, stunt spectacular?  The choice seems pretty clear to me. The Backstage Pass and Soundstage section is also gone.  In their place now is the Magic of Disney Animation section with all their theater shows and the PIXAR portion of the park, which is the home to the most popular attraction in ALL of Walt Disney World, the Toy Story Midway Mania!   Progress has always been the name of the game when it comes to Disney.  So while the Backlot Tour was a great way to introduce people to the park back-in-the-day, while building the park's future attractions.  It's also the easiest choice to cut down when the space is needed. As I mentioned above, I'm a film geek at heart, so the informative parts and stuff like the Prop House are very interesting to me.  But I could see kids growing tired of the slower portions, so I'd suggest taking them on this at a point in the day where they're tired of walking and could use a 40 minute rest off their feet.
I was, well, underwhelmed. The rides sucked.   There were to much ani-matronics (you know human mannequins with moving mouths).  It really was a disappointment.   The tower of terror was cool though, but not worth the price of admission. I went to Universal Studios 3 years ago and it was much much much better. My recommendation is to go here if you have young kids.  If you don't, then go to Universal for a much better experience!
My first time here in Orlando, Disney and it was well worth the long trip. It's humid and hot but as long as you take per cautions in the weather you are good to go! Food is everywhere. Trying to keep from dehydrating and keeping from getting hungry. The one ride I really liked was the Rock and Roll Aerosmith coaster which was fast and had cool music playing while riding. Make your way to that. My vote as well.
So much to write about this place. You  step. Back in time, to a Hollywood of yesteryear, I believe it's the 1940s. As you walk and see all the old stores from that time, and actors dressed for you to feel it as well. Then comes the rides and attractions that have you on you feet or yelling from the top of your head. The shows are wonderful and the characters just keep you smiling every second. Fantasmic is amazing, to see Mickey from now to his black & white .had me feeling like a child again, as the fireworks are firing up the sky. This is the great, wonderful place on earth.
Since they put in the Rockin Roller Coaster and Terror of Terror, Hollywood Studios has really come into its own. The older rides like Star Tours, and the Great Movie Ride are still there, but there's some high tech fun stuff added in, and the Fantasmic fireworks at the end of the night are awesome. I am really sad that they closed the tour they used to do of the Artists studio, but since they don't do animation on site anymore, I guess there's no point. I've seen a few of the shows, and they're pretty cute - I like the Beauty and the Beast one a lot. To be honest though, my favorite is the Little Mermaid show - I tear up like a big baby every time. You can also meet Lilo and Stitch here, so it's automatically an awesome place to come.
In short, one of my favorite parks of DisneyWorld and quite a bit of interest for young ones. For starters, Disney Junior can be found here along with many of the Disney Jr characters. Want to eat with some of your favorite Disney Jr characters? Then check out Play-n-Dine at Hollywood & Vine (see my separate review). What was a bit disappointing is that although the park was open till 10 (midnight for Disney resort guests), many of the shows ended by late afternoon. Due to a 90 minute thunderstorm, which shut down many of the attractions, we were left unable to do everything that we wanted to. I felt there should have been a few shows open into the early evening hours. The backlot tour is not all that interesting and a fairly short ride. You do go through the building where they make costumes and props and you see some props along the ride, but since they don't do much filming here, the backlot tour is a bit lacking in content and the Catastrophe Canyon part of the ride is just OK. If you have your own vehicle and staying at a Disney property, you can park at the theme park for no charge. My must-do's here include Tower of Terror, Rock-n-Roller Coaster, Star Tours (over 50 different ride varieties), Toy Story Midway Mania, Extreme Stunt Show, and the Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular.
My least favorite park of Disney World.  Felt like this park was trying too hard to be like Universal Studios with the stunt shows and the tram ride. BORING! Luckily for them they had a few good rides and they had a couple of good shows. -Beauty and the Beast show was great for me. I love Belle. -That car stunt show was fun to watch.  There were parts of the show that made me want to take a nap though.  I learned a lot about car stunts from this show which totally killed the movie magic for me. -The Great Movie Ride totally reminded me of something Universal would do.  It was boring here and there, interesting in some, kids around me seem a little bored, and it was interactive somewhat.  The tour guide actually acts and stuff like like. -Rock n' Roller Coaster with Aerosmitch was probably the highlight of this place.  Badass ride especially the music since it makes you want to rock out and sing out loud.  Love the concept of being a groupie and going into a stretch limo.  The line is a little long so go for the fastpass. -The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. You really can't go wrong with this ride especially since it has a different track than the one in California.   Make sure you take a picture with Mickey's hat.  That's their most icon symbol for this park even though it doesn't do much. This park only took 1/2 a day for me, maybe even less.  I would be skipping this park next time I come to Florida.
Great coaster.   Always a must stop when in Hollywood Studios.
It's usually the one park people might skip, which is too bad because it's got a lot going for it.  The best show at Disney is the Beauty and the Beast show, hands down a great Disney experience and very well adapted to the stage.  I'm a bit biased though... other Hollywood Studios greats are the Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular, the Aerosmith Coaster, the French car show, the Muppet Show, Star Tours, and the Great Movie Ride.  It's great for Hollywood buffs and fans of the silver screen, the stage and television.  The Backlot tour needs some updating but is still worth doing once.  I love the food options here -- the Brown Derby is great and I love the 50s Prime Time Cafe. Hollywood and Vine and Mama Melrose's Italian are great too.  Good ice cream at the big green dinosaur in the lake, as well.
We loved this park. We actually came here twice, Thursday all day then Friday we returned for half of the day. As far as rides go, this place has the best action rides- Aerosmith's Rock N Roller Coaster and Tower of Terror. The live shows were great, we got to see Beauty and the Beast as well as the little mermaid and also enjoyed the Muppets in 3D. There were so many interactive shows like the Jedi training for kids and the Indiana Jones behind the scenes. The lines weren't too bad and the fast pass allowed us to be able to utilize our time as much as possible. Downside, on both days the fast pass for Toy Story was out and the lines were over an hour long so we weren't able to go on that ride.
I had a good time here. The Tower of terror and Aerosmith ride were both amazing. For the Aerosmith, think space mountain, but better, and with music playing. Beauty and the Beast show was so cute. Indiana Jones show was lame and boring, I walked out. Food all I had was turkey leg, pretty good, and I don't like turkey very much usually.
Compared to all of the parks, I think this is the smallest and you only need a half-day here.   The Tower of Terror and the Rockin' Roller coaster are the only reasons why I would come back.  Yes, the Toy Story ride is good, but wow what a wait.
For someone who is deathly afraid of roller coasters and all things fast, I can't believe I tried both the Aerosmith and Tower of Terror, even though I screamed so loud that the little kid in front of us stared at me :p We absolutely enjoyed this park and loved the Fantasmic show, what a perfect way to end a magical night. Toy Story Mania had such a long wait, but to us (two adults with no kids), it wasn't as exciting as it was hyped to be, but I can imagine it to be super fun for little kids, especially a group of them, to compete for the highest score! We also really enjoyed the Great Movie Ride and think this would be something my dad would too, wish he was here with us. Of course, hubby's favorite show was the Lights, Motors and Action stunt show. It was definitely very impressive and you shouldn't miss out on it! I can't wait to come back here in the future!
This was okay but I'd rather be at Universal Studios.  Hollywood Studios to me felt 'forced' instead of 'natural' (as much as an amusement park can be natural) -- much more like an amusement park with a movie backlot theme than more of a movie backlot turned into an amusement park.  It had some nice touches though, like the NY and San Francisco perspective streets.  Also, the "Fantasmic" show is impressive (although my favorite part was a nostalgic appearance at the very end, which I won't give away).  Otherwise, the activities were relatively straightforward and _many_ of them were closed for technical difficulties all of part of the day I was there.  Admittedly, I didn't get to the Tower of Terror or the Rock & Roller Coaster, so those big dogs might've upped my opinion.
We had a blast visiting here! I enjoyed the twilight zone ride the most. It was really scary. We spent 8.5 hours here. We went on a Tuesday and it was busy but not unbearable. Would highly recommend going on a off day to avoid long lines. Our longest wait was for the toy story ride and that was 30 mins. It was so worth it. Would visit again in the future!!!
Worth trying, but be prepared for a long wait... 60-90 minutes. Don't bother if you are prone to motion sickness.
My last Orlando theme park review... all the parks are so different and have their own quality to themselves, it's really hard pick a favorite. But we came to this them park last, thinking it was mainly shows, and we were quite burnt out at the end...which was a very good idea. We ended up watching Beauty and the Beast, the stunt show - an awesome show for 30 minutes. They really do show you some amazing stunt tricks. We had lunch at the Brown Derby. WAY TOO EXPENSIVE! I ended up paying $120 for a two person lunch meal, and it wasn't all that great. I mean for a $120, i would've gotten a 3 course spectacular meal in SF, but then again this was in Disney World. Also, the Tower of terror is much better than the LA version. It was a longer ride, and this was definitely more of a relaxed theme park then the others.
Hollywood Studios was my least favorite park but it was still a good time.  You can ride the The Great Movie Ride which is a good learning and fun little ride.  Tower of Terror and Rock N Roller Coaster are also great rides here as well.  You also need to do the BackLot Tour which is pretty darn cool.  We did this park the morning to afternoon before we headed to Typhoon Lagoon.
Its a Disney park.  Everything is magical, the staff is so nice I think they might be pod people, and the rides are so well kept you'd think they just finished building them.  No other amusement parks compare for quality.
We visited MGM Studios (now known as Holywood Studios) on our last but one visit to Orlando. It was a pleasurable day, and a very enjoyable park to look around. It was fun for all the family, and I would certainly recommend the park to others. I particularly enjoyed the shows, and of course the food :)
This is a great place. When we went they had a special Star Wars section. They picked children from the audience, who they 'trained' and then they fought Darth Vadar. The kids luckly both got chosen and love this. The Muppet Vision 3D was very good. The chairs were a bit deep, so my daughter had to sit on my lap to be able to see. We watched the parade, alot of the disney characters were in cars. The Indiana Jones Stunt Show was excellent. If we had time, we would have gone again. We also went on the Backlot tour. Well worth going on. It definately takes more than one day to cover it all.
While I was in Florida a couple of weeks ago, I went to both the Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios.  I completely enjoyed Hollywood Studios moreso than the Magic Kingdom! The Hollywood Studios has all the old time Hollywood memoribilia, city streets very similar to those at California Adventure, and some awesome rides.  I really liked the Aerosmith roller coaster and the Tower of Terror.  Even though some of the rides were familiar, I thought this park was definitely more original and different from other Disney attractions I have seen.   I even spoke with one of the hotel workers where I was staying and he said if you can only go to one of the four Disney parks in Orlando, Hollywood Studios is the one you should see.  I totally agree with him!
Tower of terror I'm this theme park is so much fun and scary. Also this theme park is great for family and fun for everyone.
This Disney park is nice and well maintained as you'd expect. The park has some fun rides. Loved the Aerosmith roller coaster and the tower of terror was a blast too. Indiana jones was a fun little show.
I like that there are a lot of rides for adults well 2 of them. However I really like that their are quite a few characters here. I also really like the pizza planet. I was sad I couldn't get to ride the toy story ride but it was a very long line over 2 hours. Not worth it also the fantasmic is great but they shove all these people into a little area and make us wait.
Very nice place to visit I find it kinda small for the money u pay to get on but deff will continue to go back
This park was fun, but I don't feel like I ever need to come back again in the future. Our highlight was the Star Wars ride.  They use a photo of a person on the ride as part of the story, and they chose my 4 year old son to be the rebel spy we were trying to smuggle to safely. The cute part was that he was picking his nose when they took the photo. The car stunt show was really interesting, and the rock and roll rollercoaster was excellent. The Toy Story ride was also very fun.
Star Tours is the main attraction here. I was surprised by this place, I didn't think I was going to like it as much as I did, but it turned out for me to be my favorite park to visit during my stay.   More shows then rides for sure.  Didn't come across many sit down waited spots like in magic kingdom.  Had lunch at pizza planet to relive those early toy story days.
We really enjoyed this park which had something for everyone. Rock 'n' Roller Coaster with Aerosmith was fantastic. The start was scary but once going the effect were brilliant and the music great. The Great Movie Ride was ok but nothing special. Sounds Dangerous with Drew Carey was better for adults Indiana Jones was fantastic - it must cost a fortune to put on. The cast were fabulous and we cried with laughter at the end. We ate at 50's Prime Time Cafe which was excellent and a good laugh - booking recommended
This park has the best ride at all of Disney World: Rock 'n RollerCoaster. This ride is the coolest ride ever.  it is an indoor roller coaster that makes space mountain look like a baby ride!  It is so awesome!  Def get a fast pass for this one! If your kids want to meet a "princess" or disney character, they are now set up like rides.  They no longer walk around and take pictures, they have their pre-assigned spot and lines, just like a ride. They even tell you the wait time.  Once you get to the front of the line, you get to meet the character, chat with them, snap a picture, and get an autograph.  They are very friendly and do not rush you TIP: You can use your own camera so you do not have to pay for the expensive disney pictures.  Very classy for Disney to let you do this.  Thanks WD! TIP: You can bring your own snacks and bottles in the park for water.  We brought the bottles in and filled them up at the bubblers and kept them in our backpack throughout the day. We also brought fruit and nuts which kept the kids energized without having to spend a ton at the stands.  Save your money for souvenirs. Also - YOU MUST LOOK INTO PIN TRADING! Such a cool way for the kids to interact with Disney cast members.  HINT - buy pins on ebay before you go.  You can get them for approx 50 cents when you buy a lot-full.  Otherwise, they are at least $5 a peice at Disney.   HOW IT WORKS: Your kids can go up to any disney worker and ask to see their pins.  If there is a pin they like, they ask for it and must trade a pin of thier own for it.  It can be any pin they want, so its a good way to get rid of the pins they do not like.
Toy Story Mania! always has a long line and wait time is more than 60 mins.  Fast pass ran out early in the day. Star tours 3D is awesome. Fantasmic! is must see.
It's Disney and it's wonderful, of course. But I have a love hate relationship with Hollywood Studios, and I think it's going to get better. Let's start with the love. I love Star Wars and Star Wars weekends. I love Star Tours. I love that Toy Story ride (but I REALLY hate the crazy long line and inability to get a fast pass seemingly ever, even with the new app). I love Tower of  Terror. I love the idea of sci fi dine in cafe (but the food isn't really all that wonderful). The not-so-love. Hate me, it's cool, but I really am not into the studio backlot tour, but it's going bye-bye. I also am not in love with the food in this park at all. I really dislike Hollywood Brown Derby and haven't been back after a really bad steak there. There are also rides that have awful lines (Toy Story and Rock N Roller Coaster) where you used to have to decide if you rode one or the other or suffered through a crazy line. Even now with the app, you can only choose one of those. It's not a very 'even' park like Magic Kingdom if that makes sense. In terms of Disney parks, this is actually my least favorite. Not saying it's not still amazing, but I am excited to see how this grows, and hopefully becomes more Star Wars-y.
This is my second favorite park of the Disneyworld parks!  Loved all the thrill rides and especially, Toy Story Mania.  This park is filled with shows and Fantasmic is a must!  Beware: come early to this show because it gets extremely packed!
Definitely one of my favorite theme parks. Today was relatively quiet with crowds so no wait times for attractions. One thing I was  dissapointed to see was several smoking areas either in outdoor dining areas or adjacent to them. I would hope that one day a smoke free approach will be embraced where others can be exposed to it. Park is super clean and well maintained. Definitely less park employees around versus other Disney parks but certainly could find someone easily if you had questions.
They have some really cool stuff here. I would say it's more sight seeing than actual rides. They do have awesome stunt shows that are definite must see. My favorite rides here are the rockin roller coaster and the tower of terror. Can't wait to go back.
I love Hollywood Studios(formally MGM Studios). It's definitely my favorite Disney World Park. Why only 4 stars? They are NOT prepared for rain/lightening storms. This is Florida. It rains a ton, sometimes everyday for months. I was there for 10 days and it rain like 8 of them. Sometimes pouring down with thunder and lightening. Disney did a poor job of planning for this, especially with the various 'stunt' shows at Hollywood Studios. The Indiana Jones show got cancelled 10 minutes in, and we wasted a Fast Pass and 45 minutes sitting and waiting for the Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show. It never happened. My boyfriend was extremely disappointed. They didn't do a good job of designing these shows. Maybe they should have been inside so the elements don't affect it. I know this will definitely affect future trips. This is still my favorite park though. The Park is BEAUTIFUL. I love main street looking like old Hollywood, with the Brown Derby. I like all the 'sets' showing Hollywood, San Francisco, New York, etc. I am in awe every-time I come here. Hollywood Studios is also home to some of the best Disney rides: Toy story Midway Mania, Star Tours, Tower of Terror and Rock N Roller Coaster. We didn't get to ride Midway Mania last time, sadly because it was always over a 90 minute wait. Next time I would use one of my fast passes on that, instead of one of the Stunt Shows, since those have a high chance of getting canceled and there is usually enough seating anyways. I have never seen their Fantasmic nightly show though, I always use that as time to go on Tower of Terror and Rock N Roller coaster over and over. They currently have a Frozen show and other stuff with Elsa and Anna. They also have a lot of Pixar stuff here, which is great since I love Toy Story and Monsters Inc.
Great Park!  I can't get enough Star Tours and only wish they had more Star Wars in the Park.  There is also the Muppets, Toy Story, the Tower of Terror, and Indiana Jones.  This is a great park that has a unique feel to it.
Out of all the Disney World parks, Hollywood Studios wouldn't be my first choice if I had to pick only one park to go to when I'm in the area, but it isn't the most boring either. The fact that there aren't a whole lot of rides at Hollywood Studios is one reason why it's not on my must go to list.  Also out of the rides they do have, only four of them are really worth going on(at least in my opinion).  The rides that I think are worth it and fun, are Tower of Terror(#1), Rockin' Roller coaster, Star Tours and Toy Story Midway Mania.   I think the best show that they've got going right now is The American Idol experience, although they are getting rid of it at the end of this year to replace it with something else:-(. Also when they have special events going on at this park if it's something that I'm going to like, I'll go for that reason to.   Right now they have "Frozen Summer Fun" going on until 9/1/14.  Since Frozen is my favorite Disney movie I had to come:).   As far as food goes at Hollywood Studios, I haven't had anything that I didn't like...wish I could say that about the other parks, but... They have a good selection of themed restaurants, like the 50's Prime Time Cafe(let's just say you may want to listen to your servers here or get punished for not eating all your food and bad table manners...), the Sci-Fi drive in theater restaurant(dining in your own classic car, while watching movies)and more. The QSR food at the Backlot Express isn't half bad either. They also have gift shops, and the Streets of America(a street you can walk down with backdrops of different cities in the U.S.), which is a great place to take/pose for some cool pictures!
Great experience for the family. Rides for all ages!
Disney's Hollywood Studio's This studio provides so much insight to behind the movies, how the filming works, what movie sets look like and a glance into the wonderful golden years of the past.  Disney Hollywood Studio's has a way of making you feel all kinds of warm and fuzzy thought due to remembering where you were and what you were doing in you life when a particular movie came out.  Disney's Hollywood Studio's has a little something for everyone: tours, roller coasters, live stunts and Disney Junior. Studio Backlot Tour Ever want to know how something was blown up on set without hurting anyone?  If the actor's feel the heat from the fire in movies?  What the actual props and costumes look like in person?  If so then this is the tour for you.  This tour consist of walking, standing and riding a tram.  Trust me you don't want to forget your camera's.  One of my favorite parts of the tour was walking through the prop warehouse and being able to point out actual props used in movies.  Also seeing the actual costumes stars war in movies such as Russell Crowe who played Maximus in "Gladiator," and Eminem famed hoodie from "8 Mile."  Something else that was nice to see was some of the original movie posters, my all time favorite "Gone With the Wind."  Warning you might get wet, hot and have way too much fun. The Great Movie Ride This is one of my family's all time favorite rides, it begins with a brief movie of a series of clips of some of America's all time favorite movies (trust me you will know and will be saying the lines).  After you will make your way into a moving tram that will ride you directly into these movies and trust me it covers all types of movies:  Comedy, Romance, Action, Adventure, Crime and did I mention Horror.  No worries though because I overly confident that everyone on your tram will know what each movie set is that you roll onto and will know what to do (yes I did say know what to do, so pay attention).  Enjoy cruising along and you never know who may join you along on you ride through the movies. Rock 'n' Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith If you are a roller coaster addict like I am and a fan of Aerosmith then you have to ride this coaster.  This coaster has the perfect recipe for a great ride: great loud music, darkness, sudden erratic drops (that you cannot see coming because you are in darkness) and speed.  This coaster is so fast that you cannot even scream!!! The Legend of Captain Jack Sparrow How can one not adore the ever so sexxxy Johnny Depp?  I know that I have always had a crush on him and the Pirates of the Caribbean with Captain Jack just took that crush to a whole new level.  WARNING: Do not wait longer than 5 minutes for this ride, it is stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...umm did I mention it was stupid and that I am a fan of Captain Jack?  This is the type of thing that you only go on if you need to cool off, it is extremely short and you really don't see that much of Captain Jack.  Honestly hands down the Pirates of the Caribbean is way better, plus you see way more of Captain.  I guess I just expected so much more and this was a major let down.  This is also standing room only.  Don't say that I didn't warn you though.
Love, love, loved it! They have Star Tours, the Hollywood Tower of Terror, Rockin' Roller Coaster, Indiana Jones Action show, Toy Story Mania, and so on. My family and I had a blast and will be back in the future!
The sales of the Disney parks I believe bit stoll fun. They have dome.gokd rides. Make sure you get fast passes to the rides so you don't have to wait. The frozen fireworks are great as well as the frozen area they currently have set up. Get there soon of you want to see it.
FANTASMIC is indeed Fantastic - I actually went to see it twice Toy story, Starwars, Indiana Jones were good I really enjoyed the CAR stunts show as i love cars and its much better than the studio backlot tour Beauty and the Beast was really geared towards kids and boring for adults
We got to enjoy this park in the evening when it wasn't so hot and there wasn't many people. I thoroughly enjoyed this park although it much bigger than 20 years ago. oh goodness I definitely shouldn't have waited that long to come back here. comfortable shoes is a must! and I would try the Mummy roller-coaster with special affects:) investment in this is a THOUGHT:)
Wait just a minute! Are you positive were not at Universal Studios? Disney's Hollywood Studios is definitely Disney's version of Universal Studios. In fact, if it weren't for all the Disney characters, Disney memorabilia and the Disney movie props all over the place, it would be difficult to tell the difference between the two. Out of the four theme parks, this was my third favorite. Just like US, HS focuses more on live stage shows than attractions. Now, that doesn't mean this theme park is lacking rides, because it's not, it's just there are as many shows and exhibits as there are rides. And just like all the other Disney theme parkas, HS is broken up into different lands and areas. Theses are the names of the different lands and areas; Hollywood Boulevard Echo Lake Streets of America Commissary Lane Pixar Place Mickey Ave Animation Courtyard Sunset Boulevard If many of the names above look familiar to you, they should because Hollywood Studios tries (and does a good job) of replicating lots of famous Hollywood streets and landmarks (Echo Park, Gauman's Chinese Theater, etc). Before I get into my list of some of the things that can be found at this theme park, I want to give one show a special shout out. The show I'm referring too is called Walt Disney: One Man's Dream. This five star show begins by taking you on a walking tour of Walt's life through a long museum where you can see things from Walt's life. Things like his childhood elementary school desk where he carved his initials on top, some of the furniture that was in his Hollywood Studio office, pictures, videos and much more. Then at the end of the museum you get to a large theater where you watch a 15 minute video documentary on Walt's life. Since Walt Disney is my personal hero, I already know pretty much everything there is to know about him but it's awesome to see Disney trying to keep Walt's legacy alive. This short movie is very well done and gives the casual Disney fan a real insight on Walt's life and what a special and giving person he really was. I honestly teared up while watching this movie (as did many people in the audience). Now I will list some of the attractions, shows and dining options that can be enjoyed while visiting HS and a brief description of them; Attractions The Great Movie Ride (3 stars) - A cross between Pirates and Jungle Cruise. Funny tour guides take you through famous movie scenes Star Tours (5 stars) - Love the new makeover Studio Backlot Tour (3 stars) - The same concept as Universals Tour, just less exciting Toy Story Midway Mania (5 stars) - Identical version as the one in Cali. Awesome! The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror (5 stars) - Better than the one in Cali Rock 'n' Roller Rollercoaster Starring Aerosmith (5 stars) - Fun coaster with loops and corkscrews while Aerosmith music plays throughout the ride Shows Fantasmic! (4 stars) - This version is longer than the one in Cali and has its own massive outdoor theater area Voyage of the Little Mermaid (4 stars) - Live actors and puppets act out the movie on stage Beauty and the Beast Live on Stage (5 stars) - Live actors act out the movie on stage Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular (4 stars) - 30 minute stunt show with actors and audience members Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show (5 stars) - Lots of vehicle stunts in this action packed show Dining 50's Prime Time Café (5 stars) - Most entreating theme park restaurant EVER! Hollywood & Vine - Buffet style restaurant Starring Rolls Café (3 stars) - Quick service counter with sandwiches and other treats Mama Melrose Ristorante Italiano - Brick oven pizza, pasta and other Italian fare Although I listed quite a bit, there are still lots of other things to see at Disney's Hollywood Studios, like a props warehouse that is loaded with awesome movie paraphernalia. This theme park is a must see if you're visiting WDW.
Pretty darn cool - the Star Wars stuff is already some of the most popular in the park. All kinds of new things like American Idol and posters / adverts everywhere for ABC shows / Disney movies: Maleficient, Scandal, Revenge, etc. During Memorial Day weekend, my boyfriend and I visited a couple of our friends living in Celebration and we had Park Hopper passes to hit as many Disney properties as possible. One evening we did Disney's Animal Kingdom before it closed then decided to see Hollywood Studios since it was open later, and our friend Terry was dying for my boyfriend to see Hollywood Studios, mostly for the new Star Wars section that had been created since Disney purchased the rights from George Lucas. I'll be honest, I've been to Hollywood Studios when it was still MGM, and I couldn't remember much about it, but nothing looked familiar when we entered it that evening. It looked like a giant, living-ad for ABC shows and upcoming Disney movies, while being a theme park simultaneously. We passed by American Idol, giant Mickey Mouse magic hats, a miniature version of the Titanic and then came upon Star Wars. Wow... the Star Wars section could easily occupy its own park soon, that's how much stuff and loyalty revolves around that brand. Between the rides (Star Tours), the multiple gift shops selling anything and everything Star Wars related, the Star Wars photo-op spots (ride your own speeder) and the Star Wars characters on display - Disney was certainly making a good return on its initial investment already. In one of the gift shops, appropriately titled, Darth Mall, there was a full bar, where my boyfriend got a "The Force" drink complete with tiny, light up light saber. I kid you not - I kept the light saber in fact. We had just enough time to ride a Star Tours ride (all the others had lines out the wazoo), check out the gift shops and then we were on our way back through the park to the entrance to pick up our car. And that was really enough Hollywood for me - it just seemed a little over-marketed to me. While I'd love to have ridden the Tower of Terror, the blatant commercialization of all the Disney properties was really more than I wanted to take for very long and I was good with out shorter visit.
This comment is especially for Omayra and the rest of the photo crew in the Aerosmith Rock N' Roller Coaster.  We just got married last Saturday and they were generous enough to give us a free photo of our pose in that ride.  It made our honeymoon that much more special and we greatly appreciate it.  Thank you all!!!
Hollywood, I want to go to Hollywood...Disney Style. For the most part this Disney theme park is mostly shows and showing you how they produce the movies, special effects using Disney Magic. It's a pretty neat park if you ever wonder how they do all those special effects and stunts. One ride that I think that everyone will enjoy is the Toy Story Mania Ride. Ride along with the Toy Story Characters and shoot at targets. Score I as many points as you can. I stinked at so much. I was ashamed at my total score which I will not reveal. After that head across from the ride, meet Buzz Lightyear and Woody. Hell yes!!! They sure are a lot taller than the movies. I wanted to push Buzz buttons, but I showed some respect. TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!! If you are a Star Wars fan like I am then you will enjoy the Star Wars area. Go on the Star Tours. When you walking through to get to the ride, it really feels like you are in Star Wars set. You see droids, R2D2, C3PO, etc. The ride itself was pretty cool. Journey through space with R2 and 3PO as they try to get us safely to the Rebels base of operations. Ran over some Clone Troopers, destroy some Walkers, just another day in Star Wars. R2D2 got us there safely, C3PO was pretty much clumsy and thinks he is a know it all. After you safely land at the Rebels base, head over to the shop where you find some neat Star Wars Disney gears. Best part was you can create your own light saber....OH MY!!! I had to create my own. Kicking butt with my very own version. MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU!!! A neat area to go to is the Streets of Americas. Popular cities in America all squished into one area. Make sure you head over to the area where most of the Disney characters are. There's an area where The Incredibles, Wreck it Ralph, and Mickey-in a sorcerers outfit are all hanging out. I wish I could have got pictures of Mickey in his Star Wars costume. Clearly a movie theme base park where all the special effects...I mean Disney magic happens. Good park to visit.
Formerly called "MGM" ...its one of my favorite theme parks..Mostly I love it because of the amazing shows that happen here..One of my favorite is the BEAUTY AND THE BEAST musical..Its fabulous and heartwarming..Bell was my favorite Disney character as a kid, so watching this show definitely brings back some great memories. I even got my nick name from her "Bell". Also, the Tower of Terror is a favorite.. it still scares after the 20th time! An overview of my favorite things to visit here.. The BackLot Tour (Make sure you get express passes!) -Its a tour of the 'behind the scenes" aspect where things are filmed etc. the one in California is better because its real and they actually do film there.. Indiana Jones -A super fun invigorating stunt show..I see it every time, even though I always know whats going to happen..Make sure you show up at least 10-20 mins prior to get good seats Rock N Roller Coaster -Not for the faint of heart..its an inside rollercoaster with an Aerosmith Theme..its fast and loopy.. Lastly The 50's Theme Cafe Its always fun to come in here..like you've stepped foot into your mothers house in the 50's era. Home style food and no nonsense ..the ladies that work here will make you stand up and sing if you place your elbows on the table! All in all a great theme park for the entire family..a little bit for everyone! yelp.com/biz_photos/Tjgt… yelp.com/biz_photos/Tjgt… yelp.com/biz_photos/Tjgt…
Why 3 stars? Because there are some cool things, but it's just not worth the $$$.   ---   ---   --- It's a shame because Tower of Terror and the Toy Story game are both incredibly fun. But then after that... there's not much worth going to Hollywood Studios for. The Rock-n-Roller coaster is alright, but kind of anti-climatic. It start off very fun, and then quickly becomes a little boring. It's an ok ride, but to be the third best thing at a park that costs $95.... that's weak. I also did the movie ride. Wow. Maybe get more than 1 movie newer than 1995 in there Disney, and that's 100% obvious.
I was here a few days ago, I love movies and I love the 1920's- 1940's. This is designed well looks the part in may ways, but had I not gotten a 4 day pass and paid for this individually, I would be angry. Outside of a few good rides, there is not much to do. Many of the rides are dated and hokey, such as the Great movie ride, the backstage tour, to name a few. There are a few great rides like tower of terror, Rock n Roller Coaster, Star Tours. What makes these great and what illustrates the weakness of the others and much of the park in general is that they bring you into their respective universe. The backstage tour should do the same thing, not show you how movies are made, but bring you into the movies. Same goes for the great movie ride which is not so great. This in many ways is an insult to me, that they would throw this together and charge $100 per person to visit when you can get it done in just a half a day. Simply, overall I am disappointed.
I'm a fan of Hollywood Studios.  The combination of old Hollywood, rides like Tower of Terror, Star Tours, and shows like the Muppets in 3D, what isn't their to like.  The one thing I that I have not done and that I definitely plan to do this year, is their Fantasmic show.  All I hear is great things about it and 2014 will not pass by without me seeing it.  Will update review then. In addition to the entertainment, we've been to the Brown Derby and Sci-Fi Drive-In which have been very good in the past.  I just was not able to make it to them on this past trip.   There's so much to do in this park and you definitely need a full day to take it all in and not be totally exhausted.
This park is awesome!  There is lots to see! The shows are good. Definitely make time for Fantasmic and Beauty and the Beast, and the Little Mermaid!!! The food here is good.  The rides are great!  We loved Tower of Terror, and rode it several times! It's an awesome park! Very clean, friendly people everywhere, and definitely lives up to Disney standards!
I actually prefer this park to the Magic Kingdom. If you love Disney movies, great rides, and a retro Old Hollywood feel, this is your place. It's much less cheesy and kid-oriented than MK, albeit a little smaller and even perhaps more crowded. But the rides make it ALL WORTH IT. Especially Tower of Terror and Rock 'n' Roller Coaster... my two favorite things: horror and classic rock! I dare say those two rides are the best in any Disney park. Kids and adults alike would love them both. Star Tours is also fun if you love Star Wars which I do. Yeah... they made this park just for me obviously. We came here in the early evening, which was a perfect time to stroll through the streets and soak in the Disney experience without getting too hot or sunburned. Along with the rides, we liked the classic cars, old time storefronts and overall feel. Unlike the other parks, you can get in and out in a few hours and see everything (oh but skip the Great Movie Ride). If you only have a half day, go here. And use your fastpass for the above mentioned attractions. Enjoy!
The Rock n Roller coaster is the best I've been on, I could spend the day there (with a break for the tower of terror) mostly because it is awesome but also because there isn't a lot of other thing to do.
I've been here a million times, but I went the last weekend of April for my little cousins birthday and we did the Play & Fine character breakfast with all the Disney Junior characters and she had a great time! She loved it! They were very interactive with all the kids and they had music and dancing and all the characters coming up to each table individually. It was a buffet and well worth the money. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE ROCKIN' ROLLER COASTER! It is amazing lol :) since we were at the park early in the morning we got to ride it about 4 times with no line. The Tower of Terror I don't mess with because I hate the feeling of free fall. I also did an Animation class for the first time. I CANNOT DRAW TO SAVE MY LIFE, but the way they teach you and have you go step by step made me have an amazing end result in my work of art lol
Although MGM isnt as fun as the other Disney parks, I did enjoy the Aerosmith Rock N Roller Coaster, and I hate roller coasters, Tower of Terror, and the firework show is amazing. The muppets 3-d show is pretty funny and if u sit in the front row be prepared to get sprayed with water.
This is one of my favorite parks by far and mainly because it's home to Tower of Terror! There tends to be a lot more streetmosphere (street characters) roaming around here than any other park. Hollywood Studios does seem to be a small park because you can pretty much do everything in one day - shows, rides, etc. The Beauty and the Beast show is amazing! If you get a chance to see fireworks in the Studios, see them because it doesn't happen very often!
So awesome!!!!  I love the beginning the best!  Music is LOUD, and the ride is not all that jerky.
I actually might have to say that Hollywood Studios was one of my favorite Disney parks. No, scratch that. They're all my favorite, but where Magic Kingdom is at the top, this is the close runner-up. When I was reading reviews about this particular theme park, I was under the impression that we'd get through it in half a day no problem and be bored afterwards. However, it was the opposite. There wasn't enough time in the day; I wanted more. More scream inducing drops on the tower of terror (which by the way, is my favorite ride of the park. Much better than Disneyland's.)  More high-speed action on Aerosmith's rockin' roller coaster. And more carnival games on toy story mania. The shows we attended were quite enjoyable as well. The Indiana jones stunt show, American Idol, and my favorite: "Lights, Motors, action!" The Little Mermaid was great too. I'm a bit sad we weren't able to experience Fantasmic! Although, the weather at the time probably wouldn't have permitted it anyway. If given the chance to go back, I would in a heartbeat! And hopefully catch Mickey as the Sorcerer's Apprentice the second time around.
we were here for a private event so we were only able to see part of the park and go on a few rides. we saw the car stunt show, the muppet show, star wars ride, tower of terror (about 4 times) and the rock and roller coaster. we also saw a fireworks show at the end. i really enjoyed the park, we came in the back way on a bus and were able to see walt disney's plane. the caterers did an awesome job, there was amazing food and drinks around every corner and we were completely stuffed! there were also street performers walking through the party at all times to keep us entertained. my favorite ride was the tower of terror. we went on it 4 times and the ride experience was different each time. there must be a few different elevators that give you a different ride. the rock and roller coaster was okay, the take off is cool but the rest of the ride is sort of boring. i don't really like indoor roller coaster though. i would like to come back someday and check out the rest of the park.
Disney... need we say more? This place is visited by millions of people every year for a reason.  Hollywood Studios happens to be their film production emphasis theme park -- there are rides like Star Tours (Star Wars influenced), the Muppets, Tower of Terror, and of course, their new Frozen themed fireworks special.  The new fireworks are pretty darn amazing and even if you're not a Frozen fan, you will enjoy it greatly!
While this is not a thrill ride, I think that it is an excellent attraction at Hollywood studios.  I enjoy riding through the different scenes from all the classic movies.  It was fun to be reminded of some of the great movies that you have enjoyed over the years.  It made me think about seeing some of the classics again and to share them more with my daughter.
Disney's Hollywood Studios is my all time favorite Disney theme park.  I also feel like this is a great park for adults who love the classics such as Star Wars, and all of the great classics that take place inside the Great Movie Ride.   Must Do: Tower of Terror, Rockin' Roller Coaster, The great movie ride. Must See: The Little Mermaid show is great for kids.  (Rumor has it that Frozen will be replacing it shortly. Also PLEASE whatever you do...You must go see Fantasmic.  It will blow you turkey leg right out of you hand.
With the exception of the Tower of Terror and Rock-N-Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith, this theme park is purely for entertainment with mostly (interactive) shows and tours. The Tower of Terror is an enjoyable ride though short-lived, going up a tower and stopping at several floors to learn the tale of a particular ghost family (stories can vary), and then dropping 13-stories in several intervals. The Aerosmith rollercoaster brought me back to the Space Mountain days (located at Magic Kingdom), in a dark indoor building but with a modern twist with loops and corkscrews by flying down the L.A. highways. I would recommend getting to the theme park 20-30 minutes before the park opens, and going on these two rides first (or a couple times each) as the lines can get long later on in the day, sometimes averaging 60-90 minutes. As a friendly reminder, after you swipe your park ticket to go through the ticket booth, you will have to wait at the main quarters shopping district. Disney does this so there is not an unfair advantage and mad dash to go on the rides. They wait until the majority of initial visitors get inside, then they give a speech and rile everyone up. Soon after, they let everyone into the park to go their own way to whichever ride/show they want. My two favorite rides/shows were the Toy Story Mania (lines can also get very long here so you may want to come here first) and the Lights, Motors, Action!™ Stunt Show. The whole experience at Toy Story was very enjoyable from the waiting room lines, to the actual ride. The waiting room takes you back to your favorite games/toys, Chutes & Ladders, linking monkeys, Candyland, a singing Potato Head, Log Homes, Scrabble, and more. Everything is very intricately detailed. When you get near the front, you will grab your 3-D glasses, then after a few more minutes you will get into a cute little vehicle with a cannon that has a string you pull to fire. During the ride, you will stop at several screens to shoot different themes, from popping balloons, to shooting rings on animals, to shooting targets and more. This ride was the best ride I have been on in a loooong time. My other favorite (as many other guys may also enjoy as well as anyone interested in car-action scenes) was the Lights, Motors, Action!™ Stunt Show. 2 or 3 shows will occur a day so plan accordingly to get there early to get a good seat in the bleachers. You will sit and watch as the staff will take you the behind-the-scenes of how car-action stunt scenes are filmed. Get ready for some crazy car drifting at fast speeds, cars flying in the air, to explosions and fire, and to some entertaining secrets that make those action moments happen. I can go on and on about each of the rides, but you will have to go for yourself to experience. If you are looking for a quiet place to eat and indoor (with air conditioned), I would recommend the ABC Commissary that many visitors don't seem to go through since it is located on a quiet street with just 2 restaurants located on it. You will be treated to some interesting names (from ABC tv shows) to foods such as hamburgers, cuban sandwiches, chicken curry over rice, and more. Meals averaged about $7 with a large soda (which is surprising large) only costing another $2-3. The Cuban sandwich was very delicious with all expected ingredients (ham, roasted pork?, swiss cheese, pickles, and mustard) and a plentiful side of fried plaintain chips or fruit. All ingredients were fresh and went so well together. For the first time, I can actually say I was quite impressed with a theme park's food and was not at all disappointed for the price I paid. One addition, Hollywood Studios also has a FastPass to the popular rides/shows. This will consist of you swiping your theme park ticket at the ride to get a ticket that will allow you to skip the lines at a later (allotted) time. Try going to the most popular ride that you anticipate long lines (I would probably grab one for Toy Story Mania), and grab a FastPass ticket as these are only offered from the morning until around lunchtime. After that, you will have to suffer standing in the long lines. And last but not least, if you can make the evening show, Fantasmic!, definitely make the effort to check it out. They mention that the gates open 90 minutes prior to showtime, but you could probably go 45 minutes - 60 minutes prior to the show and still get a great seat, meaning the two center sections of the horseshoe (U-shaped) seating arena. If you come any later, you risk the chance of having to sit on the 2-3 outer sections of seating which will give you an angled view. The show will treat you to the traditional Fantasia but with a new modern twist, with lights and water-mist spectacles. You just might also spot some of your favorite Disney characters here on the 2-story boat near the end! In all, I had a great time at Hollywood Studios and would definitely recommend making a visit to this theme park if time permits.
When I went to Disney World years ago, Hollywood Studios was very underwhelming. Things have definitely improved though. The Pixar Place was a very good addition  and the new front area was nice (even though it looked exactly like California Adventure). There are some good rides at Hollywood Studios and some decent food too. Not as good as Epcot or Magic Kingdom but still solid.
if you've been to california adventures in california it's basically the same concept.   the two most thrilling rides would be the tower of terror.  i got to experience this ride two times in a row because the first time we rode it, it  kinda broke at the end, so they allowed us to re-ride it on another elevator.  who knew there were two experiences to this ride!  rockin and roll roller coaster is something diff.  as i wait in line, i always like to browse the excitement of the ride...just to see what im getting myself into.  But, how come there was no sign of anything...no roller coaster track...no screaming? =P  interestingggg....youll see once you ride it. =P after these two, most of the rides are just 3d shows and rides... the indiana show was pretty cool. i got to experience their newest toy story ride.  we waited nearly 2 hours!  eckkk.  it was cool, but definitely not worth the wait. super busy park.  filled with loads of people!  lines are crazyyy!  make sure you arrive EARLY.  make use of their FAST PASS!
It is 2014.  How have I managed to never review Hollywood Studios?  I honestly thought I had.  Well.... here goes.... Hollywood Studios is awesome!  This is the Disney Park to come to if you're looking for the thrill rides.... namely Aerosmith's Rock 'N' Roller Coaster yelp.com/biz/rock-n-roll… and The Tower of Terror  yelp.com/biz/the-twiligh… If you're a thrill junkie, those are two rides NOT to be missed!  More than likely, you'll want to ride each of them multiple times!   There are so many other great attractions here too which shouldn't be missed like Star Tours, Toy Story Midway Mania, The Studio Backlot Tour, and The Great Movie Ride yelp.com/biz/the-great-m… ....  just to name a few. My two favourite shows are also located here in this Park:  The Festival of The Lion King yelp.com/biz/the-festiva…  and Beauty and The Beast.  Each of these shows is a must, must, must!! Another show not to be missed Lights, Motor, Action! Extreme Stunt Show.   The Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular and The American Idol Experience are both really cool too and I love them, but if you can't pack it all in during your visit, do the above mentioned first.  Unless you just happen to be a die hard Indie or American Idol fan. If you're here during the Christmas Season, make sure to come to this Park at night and catch The Osborne Family Spectacular of Dancing Lights  yelp.com/biz/the-osborne… ....  It truly is spectacular and will surely blow you away.  it's unlikely you'll ever seen anything like it again! Hollywood Studios also has my favourite of the nighttime shows.... Fantasmic!  I can still watch it over and over again.  I just never grow tired of it.  At this point, I'm pretty much over the fireworks at The Magic Kingdom and Illuminations at Epcot.  Fantasmic is where it's at! If I had to state one downside, in my opinion, to Hollywood Studios, it would be the fact there just aren't any really great restaurants here in this Park.  Hollywood and Vine is ok if you have to eat a big meal in the Park (make sure you have reservations) and you can also get the Fantasmic Dinner Package if you eat here, but honestly I wouldn't recommend any of them.  Whatever you do, do NOT eat at the ABC Commissary  yelp.com/biz/abc-commiss… .   Because we visit the Parks so often and have the luxury to come and go at our leisure because we aren't trying to "fit it all in," we will often dine beforehand at Epcot or dine afterwards at Epcot.  Because Hollywood Studios often closes a couple of hours before Epcot (especially during the off-season), it's easy to see Fantasmic and then hop the ferry over to Epcot (make sure you have reservations).  If it's during the summer and Hollywood Studios is closing too late to make it to a restaurant at Epcot, we'll often hit Downtown Disney for dinner.  So, you do have some options if you don't want to dine inside Hollywood Studios. I mentioned the ferry, so let me add a little more about it.  The Disney buses aren't the only way to get around when you're at Hollywood Studios.  There's also a ferry that will take you to the back entrance to Epcot.  The ferry also stops at The Swan and Dolphin Resort, Disney's Yacht and Beach Club Resort, and Disney's Boardwalk Resort. I've added in links for what I've reviewed.  I need to get busy, I'm missing a lot of reviews!  :D  You can still look up on Yelp everything else I've mentioned if I haven't linked to it. There are just so many must-dos in this Disney Park.  I Love Love Love Hollywood Studios!
If you are coming to the Disney World, Hollywood Studios should be on your list to check out.  Mainly because of the Toy Story ride, Aerosmith ride, and Hollywood Tower of Terror.  We checked out the Indiana Jones Stunt show and that was really cool as well.  Star Tours had virtually no wait and you can see some cool movie sets.  There are a lot of shows offered inside air conditioned theaters so maybe come to this park when its really hot.
Both the Rockin Rollercoaster and the Tower of Terror were broken when I arrived at 4PM. They weren't fully back up and running until 8PM. If I'd paid for my park ticket, or if I'd been planning this vacation for a year, I would have been livid. Fortunately, my employer paid for the ticket, and I've been on these rides in prior years, but I was still extremely disappointed that the 2 best adult rides were experiencing difficulties.
Honestly this is the Disney Park you go to for a very low key day. For me the experience is a bit lost as it is alot of wait on line, sit and watch a show or movie, get up and repeat. I think that of all the Disney Parks this is the least interesting one and definitely one I would only go to with adults or older children as there is not alot for little kids to do.
We went here as part of our honeymoon. It's still the same Hollywood Studios (formerly MGM studios) that I grew up loving. The new Toy Story Mania ride is incredibly fun, for kids and adults alike (moving "shooter" ride), and the long lines offer proof of that. We decided to use our tier 1 fastpass for this ride and it was worth it. Practically the entire day, this ride had a 60-70minute standby wait. Fastpass got us on the ride in about 10minutes. Other than this ride, most of Hollywood Studios remains unchanged. Tower of Terror, Rock n Roller Coaster, Star Tours (awesome star wars simulator ride), Indiana Jones show, backlot tour, great movie ride, etc. If you ride Star Tours multiple times, you will most likely have a new experience each time. They have several different "simulations" for this ride. The park has free Wi-Fi, and I highly recommend using the Disney app on your phone. It lets you see wait times, reserve fast passes, look at park maps, etc. EAT AT THE SCI-FI DINE IN THEATER. The food is good, the desserts/shakes are good, and the experience is unique/fun. You sit in a convertible "car" which has three tables in it, facing a large screen that shows old-time sci fi flicks. Nothing has changed for decades. Still the same cars, still the same atmosphere, and still the same flicks. Probably some of the better Disney food you'll find. I would highly recommend getting a reservation. We went there for lunch (With reservation) and they were turning away people who tried to just show up without a reservation. Overall this is a fun park, albeit with less rides than magic kingdom. You can do the whole park in less than a full day. We went from 10am-6pm and got everything done that we wanted to.
Kids love this park, and so do I.
Had a blast at Hollywood Studios!! The shows I recommend you to watch are fantasmic and beauty and the beast. Our favorite attractions were Aerosmith (roller coaster that goes super fast), tower of terror (definitely recommended, and if you're from the west coast, it is different from the one in California adventure), and star tours. Be careful with toy story mania, because the way they set up the wait line and how they count people in makes it a very long waiting line compared to Disneyland. Overall, an exhilarating and fun experience with great food!
Rip off for an $85 dollar ticket....there's nothing here. Pointless 3d shows...muppet vision 3d, star tours etc....random stunt shows like Indiana Jones (waste of time). Least favorite out of all the Orlando attractions in disneyworld. There were only 2 rides that I liked....Aerosmith's Rock n Roller coaster and Tower of Terror. The waits were incredibly long since I didn't have a fastpass...but these were the highlights of my time there and worth those long waits. The roller coaster was indoor and really fast...I loved it...Tower of Terror was intense as you sit in an elevator and it drops randomly down 13 floors in the dark. Other than that...you can skip this park for sure.
Disney's Hollywood Studios is awesome.  My favorite ride is the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror and the Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Aerosmith ride.  These are two of the top five rides in all of Disney World. If you are looking for a show, check out the American Idol Experience.  You are a part of a live studio audience just like the real thing.  They select 3 singers who will perform for a chance at the front of any audition line in the country.
There's nothing in the world like a trip to Disney World, and Hollywood Studios is no exception! One of my favorite parks in Disney World, it boast some of the best rides. I love the Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular, the Great Movie Ride, and Rockin' Roller Coaster. Also, let us not forget that magical time of the year called Star Wars Weekend. Hollywood Studios is a great time without the huge crowds of Magic Kingdom.
Not as big as Epcot, but they do have some fun and interesting attractions here that are worth checking out. My favorite ones were the Star Tours and Tower of Doom rides. The Muppet 3D show was fun too, especially if you want to get a few kicks and giggles. Overall a very good experience.
Not any exciting rides. Everything was mediocre. Don't waste your time or money.
Hollywood Studios is the Disney Park in the midst of an identity crisis. Is it a theme park with lots of rides? Is it a place where you watch shows based on your favorite movies? Is it a shopping mall with little boutiques to drop loads of cash on souvenirs?  Is it trying to be Universal Studios? Or maybe Six Flags? The problem is that it tries to be all of these things at once and that's why it... for lack of better word... fails. It's incredibly difficult to maneuver through the park.  There is no order in the way things were to designed so you end up walking in circles trying to find the "big hat" and the exit. There are a lot of shows. Heck, even one of the rides is a show (?) and there's not much to do that's entertaining. The backlot area is a space waster - nothing is back there. The studio tour is short and not terribly exciting -- Universal did it first and it's so much more fun there! This is not a park for an all-day endeavor. You'd be best to spend the morning at Animal Kingdom, then come to Hollywood Studios for Fantasmic at night. Boo Disney. You missed the mark on this park!
I hadn't been to an amusement park in probably 10 years before my trip to Disney World last year. Our first stop in the parks after taking a 6am flight from NYC was Hollywood Studios. We decided to go on Rock 'n Roller Coaster. Lets just say after riding it, I wasn't scared of any other ride at Disney. It was extremely frightening for me, who is not a big ride person. I really did not know what I was getting into! The whole ride is probably 1 min long but it felt like 1 hour for me. I'm giving it 5 stars because if you really like roller coasters, especially ones that are super super fast and in the dark, you will not be disappointed by this one.
This is my favourite part of Disney and is my first stop! It's great place for people who love shows! The park is smaller than the others but it often has fewer people which is nice! There are thrill rides, musical, shows! Just a tip! Keep track of the times of the American Idol experience. It is a fun way to get out of the heat. And of course be sure to check out Fantasmic!
Disney Hollywood Studios was cool.  They served alcohol, if you could find it.  They were adult friendly to an extent.  Again, it was slow and averaged about 2 rides per 5 hour a day.  Star Tours was the same as Disneyland's and the same skit from over 20 years ago, you think they would have upgraded with the technology they have now, it could been so much better!  The ride also broke on us while we were there.  Also the Tower of Terror brought unexpected laughter and the loss of your belly more then 3 times.  Long lines, lots of people, was it worth it?  Not for us.
As usual Disney knows how to do it right! Good food at the ABC commissary with salmon and couscouse salad, Darth Vader cupcakes for desert. The Aerosmith Rocking Roller Coaster was the best!
This is my least favorite park on the disney property, but I still like it, and I still call it MGM. Anyhow, the main reasons to go to this park are for tower of terror and rockin' rollercoaster. I have a hard time making a full day of this park, so I usually go in the morning and then go to the water park in the afternoon. I also find that the restaraunts are a bit lacking here as is any shade.
This is the second Disney park that my boyfriend, his family, and I stepped foot in during our trip in Orlando, Florida. Once again, we arrived around afternoon time so didn't get too much luck with certain rides. We went on a Monday and boy it was crowded. Luckily, we were able to go on 2-5 rides though. The Great Movie Ride was alright, nothing too special, but lots of action. I think if you're into classical/old movies - this may be a good ride for you. We also went on the Studio Backlot Tour which was fun, intriguing, and a little creepy especially on that rocky bridge. We also watched Indiana Jones which was quite interesting and packed with action. Around 5-6pm, my boyfriend and I stumbled upon a small section of Hollywood Studios and it was lit up in holiday lights! So pretty! In my opinion, Disney's Hollywood Studio wasn't too great and not as appealing as Epcot. It's definitely smaller in size. I don't think I had too much fun at Hollywood Studio and it was so crowded and lines were long which didn't make the experience too great. Good point is that I was able to take a picture with a Disney character (Mickey Mouse) with my boyfriend! Our mission was partially accomplished. However, I don't think I will be back here for a while.
Hmmm Aerosmith Rollercoaster, Twilight Tower of Terror, Star Tours, and the Car and Indiana Jones Stunt Shows. Oh and the Electric Mickey Wizard show at the end of the night. And that's a wrap. Everything else is just for kiddies. We came here because of my daughter. Her choice. I would have preferred Magic Kingdom or animal Kingdom but there is always a next time.
It's very rare that I upgrade something that I reviewed because over time usually restaurants, attractions, the dentist or whatever kind of are what they are but our most recent trip changed my mind in terms of HS. The review I wrote last year regarding our prior visit at the end of '12 was fairly harsh but at the time I felt deservedly so and this visit looked to be just as harsh considering that when we went at the beginning of February Indiana Jones, The Great Movie Ride and The Backlot Studio Tour were all going to be closed.  Sure those are not exactly A-List attractions but at a smaller park like HS there is only so much to do to start with but something odd happened:  Things Didn't Suck! We were able to: Hit Toy Story Mania three times Hit Rock N' Roller Coaster four times Have a decent Fantasmic package lunch at Mama Melrose Hit Fantasmic with great seats because of said package Hit the Car/Stunt Show with dead center seating plus a few other attractions all without much of a wait or hassle and that equaled out to a very solid rope drop to end of Fantasmic day. Sure somethings are still useless like most of the food options in the park especially the Quick Service stuff.  The Voyage of the Little Mermaid, Disney Junior and American Idol attractions all come off as silly, dated or boring as well. We had a car this time and the driving from CSR to HS was a breeze at around ten minutes from parking lot to parking lot and at closing time at traffic flow was well managed to get back out on to Buena Vista Drive. It's still not five star like EP or MK but I no longer fell like coming here is a complete waste or that we did it because it had to be done.  We'll be back! A+
This part has to be one of the best in Disney property so many good rides such as the tower of terror. Everyone at Disney makes u feel like you are at home, very good park one of my favorite's after Epcot.
Great park, you get to see a lot of fun of the movies and see some fun shows, and for thrill seekers it has 2 of the best rides in all of the Disney Parks-the Rock n' Roller coaster and Tower of Terror! It's got a little bit of something for everyone as it is geared toward all ages. You do seem to make it through the park quickler than some of the others though, as there isn't a very large selection of rides (more shows) comparitive to the others (Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Animal Kingdom) and it is a bit smaller. Definitely worth the visit, and not as crowded as the others-but if you only have a couple of days I would recommend MK and Epcot first.
Probably the best park at Disney World, all though you can probably make it through in half a day. Rockin Roller Coaster is probably the best ride at Disney World, and the Hollywood Tower of Terror is a lot of fun as well. The whole them of the park is interesting too, the layout is like walking around Hollywood.
This park desperately needs some updates. I've always loved the Muppets 3D show--but watching it now, after seeing so many 3D movies in theaters--just is not terribly impressive. Even the Star Wars ride (although it was fun), gave me the same feeling. Tower of Terror as always was fun--not as scary this time thank goodness. We missed the rocking rollercoaster--which I've heard very good things about it, but we couldn't manage it because of time. We went through this park very quickly in order to allow enough time for Magic Kingdom.
Rockin' Roller Coaster and Tower of Terror are the best! You should def. hit those up, but other than that, I found this park a little boring. Mostly for little kids and elderly people who love "classic" things!
Love this Disney park! From the Aerosmith roller-coaster to Star tours this is a great place to go! I've been coming here for years and it never gets old!
I thought it was kind of boring. Would have rather gone to the animal kingdom.
Come get drinks at the Hollywood Derby. See Aaron at the bar! I love the rides and attractions at Hollywood Studios. Everything is clean and the staff is always super friendly. Love Love Love Disney
Rockin Roller Coaser and Tower of Terror is a must! I also enjoyed the Indiana Jones show.. This park gives a behind the scenes look at  Hollywood.. Love it!
Epcot and Magic Kingdom were wonderful but Hollywood Studios was a disgrace! A waste of a full park admission. But to make things worse on my daughter's birthday celebration here a Causasian guest refused to sit next to my daughter and I on the Voyage to Ariel ride. She prevented my daughter from getting to her seat, and after a half hour wait we didn't have a place to sit. Clairesse and Dot who work the ride told us it was too bad and we would have to wait another half hour for the next show. They did NOTHING to intervene with this racist act!!!! I went to guest relations and they were rude and just basically threw me out and could care less. Thank you Disney for ruining my daughters birthday!! She was crying hysterically! And props to you for supporting discrimination!!!
-- MUST GO ON THE TOY STORY MANIA -- Gotta love the color here. It's one of my favorite parks at Disney.
I absolutely LOVE this place. It is fantastic. It is also the only park with easy to find turkey legs and pork shanks...which are amazing. I was here for New years eve and it was AMAZING. The Aerosmith Rollercoaster is a good time, tower of terror is a blast, the street actors are a ton of fun, and the hall of disney is easily one of my favorite attractions in all of Disney World.
Hollywood Studios was by far our absolute favorite of the Disney parks.  We had a five day park hopper and spent a full day and 2/3 here.  But first, let me put my review in context because Disney can be a lot of different things for different pple based on the age of your kids.  I have a third grade girl and a fifth grade boy.  We traveled mid January 2012 when the kids were supposed to be back in school and enjoyed great temperatures of 75 degrees with few lines.  The park had shorter hours and the Fantasmic Show was only showing on Sunday night and not to be missed. I  have always loved old movies and tv shows so this was right up my alley as well.  And of course, my hubbie loves the action flicks so something for everyone-especially the older elementary school kids and their parents. There was not a single attraction or ride here we did not love.  And I mean that.  I  can't say that about any other park.  This was the best. Must sees: 1)  Fantasmic!!!!!!!  This brought me to tears.  It was soooo amazing.  The water, the floats, the lighting, the Fantasia theme.  OMG!  It's like the Bellagio Fountain for kids and better.  More on this later.  This was my favorite of the three nighttime extravaganzas Resort wide.  Sit in the middle away from any poles.  There is a lot of action dead center on top and you don't want your view obstructed. 2)  Indiana Jones Stunt Show:  A behind the scenes look at stunts in action and it's funny too. 3)  Star Tours:  My son loved this the best and went on it four or five times.  It is different throughout the day and we never saw the same exact ride twice.  This is a simulator ride. 4)  Tower of Terror:  Standing in line is almost as fun as the ride itself.  Old looking Hollywood hotel with cobwebs.  The anticipation is worse than the ride and some little kids got scared in the creepy boiler room right before you go on the ride.  But the ride itself is not that bad.  You sling shot up and down but it's enclosed so no real fear of heights. 5)  Lights, Motors, Action!:  This was the most amazing car stunt show ever.  Really talented drivers in near misses.  I left this show thinking Disney should charge more.  Incredible! Ok, this was supposed to be a Top Five but there's too much you have to see! 6)  Rock 'n' Roller Coaster by AerosSmith: This is an indoor roller coaster that does cork screws and goes very fast.  I especially liked that it was smoothe and you didn't have a headache afterward from your head slamming back and forth. 7)Toy Story Mania:  This is like a midway shooting game but it's a ride and very fun.  Better than the Buzz Lightyear at Magic Kingdom. 8)  Sci Fi Dine-In Theatre:  My son really likes old corny sci fi movies.  They don't show full movies here just previews and old drive in commercials and it is only on a 50 minute loop so by the time you are enjoying your shake for desert you will have seen it all.  But you sit in these mini 50's cars in a darkened room and have a waitress serve you and the food is very good.  I loved my reuben $12.50 and Mars Martian Kahlua shake $10.50 (bit pricey), and my husband ordered this very obnoxious Picnic Burger with a huge burger with two grilled hot dogs on top.  But it was a tasty burger $15.99.  Kids had mac and cheese and pizza off the kid menu for a bout $7 each.  Total bill was around $70 but we didn't eat another meal all day.  Make reservations as it fills up. 9)  Muppet Vision 3D Movie:  If you're a fan and we are, this is a must see. 10)  Magic of Disney Animation:  My son really likes to draw so he did this twice.  An instructor walks you through drawing a character and it's now my favorite souviner of the whole week. Notable mentions:  Backlot Express - not just for the stunt show but also to see the actual costumes in the museum after the tour and for the girls the Voyage of the Little Mermaid, it's like a 17 minute Broadway quality production.  My son hated it but daughter loved it.  For the adults, the history of Walt Disney is interesting in Walt Disney: One Man's Dream.  Makes me want to learn more and I wished they had had a biography for sale.  It's mostly picture books. Back to Fantasmic!  The first day we went we had lunch reservations at Mama Melrose's.  There is a package you can buy for $12 per child and $35 per adult.  This includes an appetizer, entree and desert as well as priority seating to Fantasmic.  You can order anything off the menu so we got the calamari, steak and I had the best of all the deserts, the amaretto cheesecake.  Though my daughter loved her spaghetti and meatball chocolate cupcake.  You still need to get to Fantasmic a few minutes early to avoid said pole but not a full hour early like everyone else.  It's a great deal and the food was very yummy with excellent service.  The calamari and steak were cooked perfectly.  With 4 draft Moretti's at $7.25 each we spent $155 - pricey by normal standards but not by Disney standards. Loved it, loved it, loved it!
Hollywood Studios is definitely a fun park for kids of all ages. If I want a relaxing day, I head to EPCOT. If I want a nostalgic day, I head to Magic Kingdom. If I want a fun adventure where I'm exhausted at the end, I head to MGM - sorry, Hollywood - Studios. We always try to hit up Midway Mania if the Fast Pass Return isn't super late. Single rider on Rock 'n Roller Coaster will be taken a couple of times. And there's at least two trips to the Tower of Terror. If we happen to catch Belle, we'll sit for a spell. Don't say hi to Indiana Jones too often these days, but always try to make it back to the car stunt show if we can. Muppets is another fave. For food we'll grab a quick bite at the the Dockside Diner (I think that's the name) not far from the sorcer's hat stage. We've put up our feet at the Brown Derby & the Sci-Fi Drive in too. I tend to pass on the ABC Comissary, but it's not a bad one either. So many things I haven't even mentioned. If we only have one day, this is usually where my vote goes.
Always one of my favorite parks at Disney. I love the old Hollywood feel. There is something about that time period that just makes you feel glamorous and wholesome all at the same time. I have always been a fan of showbiz and showbiz related things, and they sure do it right here at Disney. The Tower of Terror ride has been a favorite since it opened in '95. I love the story, the decor, and the feeling like I'm gonna die as it drops. The animation building has a slew of great things there. You can learn to draw a Disney character, get pics with the characters, and have a ton of fun doing many other things. Aerosmith? Yes, even Aerosmith can be found at Disney. The rock 'n roller coaster has to be one of the most fun rides for those past school age. I love the speed and the music. Eating: as far as eateries goes there is the standard Disney counter service fare (burgers, chicken, and so on), but there are some fun sit down restaurants that are worth checking out. The Brown Derby gives you that touch of Hollywood, and the 50's Prime Time cafe gives you a glimpse into life in the 50's with good homestyle food. Don't forget to order their giant s'more if you eat at 50's. Shows: the shows that Disney puts on are always great. I highly suggest Fantasmic and Beauty and the Beast if you're a fan of the movie. If you love action; check out the Motor car action stunt show, Lights motors and action.
The funny thing is, when I was a teenager, this was my favorite Disney Park. Every year for my birthday I would fly down here just to eat at Pizza Planet, hang out with Buzz Lightyear and ride the fancy Star Tours (which is nicer than the one in Disneyland, Los Angeles). I'd grab some ice-cream, go to the Animation Studio for some one hour classes, then go see the 3-D Muppet Show. But now that I'm older, I find this park to be, well, not as entertaining as say Disney World or Epcot. That said, there's still a magical quality about this place. It's low key. Undiscriminating, without a lot of flashy roller-coasters or rides. It's like a nice stroll through a quiet park, and when I was a child of 10, and closed my eyes, I imagined it being all mine. Sometimes I still get that calming, fun feeling here. And that's what I like about this place.
So many reviews here - its hard to add anything new.  The fourth best in the big parks at Disney....
This park is fun, but it is my least favorite of all of the Disney parks I have been to. We always spend the least amount of time here because there are more shows than rides here. The highlights are Tower of Terror, Beauty and the Beast Show, Star Tours, and during Christmas the light show. I would recommend skipping Fantasmic, the show is way better in California, although there are better seating arrangements in Florida. We went the week before Christmas and it was beautiful. The weather was perfect and there were not too many crowds. This park goes fairly quickly, so we never worry about getting there right when it opens. Remember though to leave time in getting to the park, it can take a while.
If you ask most folks, Hollywood Studios and Epcot are the two least favorite of the Disney Parks in Walt Disney World. They simply can't compare with the magic of the classic Magic Kingdom, and Animal Kingdom is just flat out fun. However, both parks recently have made a lot of improvements and added projects to up the fun, and it definitely shows. I hadn't been to Hollywood Studios in years, and my recent trip was WAY better than I remembered. Tower of Terror- AWESOME. Aerosmith's Rock 'N Roller Coaster- AWESOME Toy Story- Could be the most fun ride in any Disney Park. The backlot tour is super fun. Star Wars is super fun. Muppet 3-D Show is super fun. Great Movie Ride is surprisingly super fun. Lots of great shows and parades, especially the stunt driving show and the Indiana Jones show. The Walt Disney exhibit is also very cool, very informative, and very historical. I definitely enjoyed my stop here at Hollywood Studios. Not nearly as many rides as the Magic Kingdom, but a lot of great variety for families, nice kids rides and great adult rides- plus they sell beer in this park- check out the awesome bar located across from the Backlot Movie Tour- they pour great drinks and have Sam Adams on draft!!!!! That made my day! Definitely will be going back, after my stops at Magic Kingdom and Animal Kingdom, of course.
Absolute nightmare! We were in line for tower of terror. A young girl passed out(14-15). I had to get through the line to alert someone. He seemed confused. I told him to radio for EMT's now. He still seemed confused. I told an employee to radio for  help. I guess help meant a 70 year old man and a wheelchair. 15 mins later here come the EMT's...... Where is the rapid response team? Do not pass out at Disneyland! God forbid! I am curious if they do any first aid training or have "mock emergencies???!!" Maybe safety standards are different in Florida? Made me very nervous about all the other safety issues that might be going on...... Good luck!
We found the Bar!! Its like a fun Disney Where's Waldo... the bartenders made it worth the time spent in the Tune In Lounge bar! Plus it is "old time" 50s style. The bar by the back lot tour was also very friendly and fun bartenders!! But the waits in line were probably the worst part of the whole day. Its to be expected but not when the people waiting hours are put on the back burner to the people with the FREE fastpass... Drove me crazy the whole trip.. But Disney rides are always worth it. PLAY FIND THE BARS IN EACH PARK!!! Its a fun adult way to enjoy the parks!! :)
Love shows? Love entertainment?  Love Disney? Then make a visit to this place! Hollywood Studios or as I still like to call it MGM when it use to be that name was one of my favorite places to come to first before I go park hopping.  This place is really all about the shows, they have a few rides don't get me wrong, but this is definitely all about the shows.   Definitely stop by and watch The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Car show, Muppets, and of course Fantasmic!  These are just a few of my favorite go-to shows.   Come here during the holiday season when they host the Osbourne Family: Spectacular of Lights Festival.  It's a crazy, over the top lights madness!  But it's really awesome to go see and watch all the lights. This park does close early compared to some of the others, but still a nice park to visit!
This is my favorite park. One reason is because its small, sounds odd, but when you are doing alot of walking, the smaller the park the better. Also cause it is small, it feels like there is more, if that makes sense. I just wish that the areas were connected better. It sucks going to ride Tower of Terror, and Rock'n'Roller Coaster, then have to walk back up to the front of the park to get to Muppets and such.  But thats my only real complaint. The main attractions: Tower, Rock'n'Roller Coaster, Toy Story Mania, Muppets, and Star Tours are all spread out so that way there is space to get the big groups for each in there without cluttering all the walk ways. This past weekend, I walked onto Rock'n'Roller Coaster and Tower back to back to back to back. Idk what it was, but the parks, all of them, were practically empty. It was great. However, Toy Story is the hot ride right now, and if you want to get in without much of a wait, get to the park as early as possible. We did it, and at the same time as us going over there, my mom bolted forward, and got us Fastpasses for a later time. Otherwise the wait is getting higher and higher during the day. For the adults, if you need a break there is a bar, and I dont mean a place that sells one or two beers, its a bar. Its by Echo Lake, and its part sit down restaurant, and part bar. It was great to get in and relax and get out of the sun. Also its worth checking out the Pizza Planet arcade and pizza place. Good food, and you can easily let the kids run around and let off energy. For sit down food, there is Mama Melrose's, which I yelped about on its own page, but its a good place to enjoy some great food. Cant really think of anything bad in this park. Honestly.
This park doesn't get as much attention as the others and it's a shame because it's a great place to visit. The rides are all fun, from the new school Star Tours to the old school Great Movie Ride and Tower of Terror. The "Citizens of Hollywood" street performers are a blast as well. Don't overlook Hollywood Studios!
This tour is just okay, in my opinion.  I used to love it because they would show you the set from the Golden Girls, but that part has since been removed.  It does need a little updating because it seems a bit boring and lengthy.  The first part with the special effects is mildly interesting but a little cheesy.  Catastrophe Canyon is exciting.  The backlot tour itself is just filled with poor views of cars and the motor show.  Not a must do attraction.
Not my favorite out of all that Disney has to offer, but still enough to keep most entertained. I recommend the Hollywood Tower of Terror first and foremost. It is an attraction ghat must not be missed. The story behind it, and the ride itself are thoroughly entertaining. Aerosmith's Rock n' Rollercoaster is by far my favorite Rollercoaster of all time. Do not pass up this thrill ride! Toy Story Midway Mania is a ride full of fun for all ages. If you can get in early in the day, let your competitive side take a shot, and have a blast! True Disney fans should never pass up the chance to browse Villains in Vogue on Hollywood Blvd. Best villain gear, and even if you weren't a fan to begin with, it just might entice your bad side!
I have a hard time seeing 3D and this ride is no exception but it was so good I didn't care... a lot of fun and the unique trigger made it a little different which was good
Well... This location has the 2 best rides for adults. Other than that I wasn't overly impressed, but I wasn't sorely disappointed either. There was enough stuff to do. The shows were pretty cool. It wasn't as overcrowded as the other parks we visited. They serve alcohol (magic kingdom does not) and when dealing with major crowds and a lot of details that's a plus for me. My fiance really enjoyed the special effects show. We all loved rocking roller coaster and my son hated tower of terror, but still wanted to go on it twice. The price is still too high. The fast pass system is still awful.  The crowds are still pretty intense and the food is still overpriced but we did really enjoy eating at pizza planet even though it wasn't a very good replica.  It helped that the day we visited wasn't too hot and there was enough seating for us. The end of day show was however pretty spectacular. Overall grab a park hopper hit a show and 2 rides and grab a bite to eat then go over to epcot and don't bother with anywhere else.
The Tower of Terror and Rock 'n' Roller Coaster are definitely where its at in Hollywood Studios! We also really enjoyed the Beauty and the Beast show. Fills up quick so if you want to get FastPasses for the top rides, do it early or your return times will be very late.
This was my first visit to Disney's Hollywood Studios and I have to say it was one of my favorites among the Disney World parks. There aren't a ton of rides here, but the ones they do have are amazing. Rockin' Rollercoaster, Tower of Terror, Toy Story and they even have Fantasmic. Like a mix between Universal Studios and California Adventure, this park has a little bit for everyone. Food here is solid as well. They have some of the more fun theme restaurants. We tried Sci-Fi Diner and it was a blast. Definitely a must-try as well as Prime Time 50's Diner that seems great as well. The park isn't large and you can probably finish everything you need to do here in half a day to a full day depending on how many times you decide to ride Tower of Terror. I recommend trying to stay into the evening hours since we found that the Magic Hours were most useful at this park to be able to get on the busier rides at that time.
I guess if Magic Kingdom is the equivalent of Disneyland then Hollywood Studios is the equivalent of California Adventure?  I actually enjoyed this park a lot since it had Rockin Roller Coaster, Tower of terror, Beauty and the Beast, American Idol (though not a fan of the show on tv), and Fantasmic!  That doesn't even include the fact I couldn't watch the Indiana Jones show, nor check out Space Tours. Food was also great at Mama's Kitchen (get the peanut butter and jelly shake).  Anyways, before I just ramble on like a map, let's just say you will have a more fun time here if you are into thrill rides and entertainment Disney style.
Courtney E. Hit this one right on the mark. Very cool nostalgia type park inherited from MGM but definitely needs more to do. Most of the rides were a let down except Star Wars ride. Identity crisis is definitely an understatement. Limited ride options. Shows were majority of attractions here, and not impressed, not even the five year old was wow'd. Should not have done an all day here, and should not have done this as a "chaser" to magic kingdom yesterday. Doesn't compare at all. This is a $45-50 ticket at most. Hopefully they get it together soon before Disney follows MGM into oblivion. :(
Hollywood is a fun park. There is lots to do and see. It has some quality shows to put on the must see list: beauty and the beast, Indiana jones, little mermaid, stunt cars, disney junior, and probably a few others. There are some big time rides there: Aerosmith and tower of terror. The most popular attraction by far is toy story mania. Get to the park early because the wait time gets up to 120+ minutes fast and if you're not there early enough, they run out of fast passes or you end up having to return really late. The show fantastic is worth staying til close for. It has all the characters and the best special effects next to the Magic Kingdom's cinderella castle firework show. This is a gem of a park the folks who like to watch shows with a couple of thrill seeking rides.
Ah, MGM Studios... err, I mean Hollywood Studios. Sorry, I grew up going to this park... old habits die hard. This has always been my favorite of the Disney parks. It's got a great variety of rides and shows that make this place a great way to spend the day. One of the reasons I prefer Universal/Islands over Disney World is because I love thrill rides, and Disney as a whole is lacking in that department. Hollywood Studios is the exception to that rule, with Aerosmith's Rock 'n' Roller Coaster, Tower of Terror and (to a lesser extent) Star Tours. Rock 'n' Roller Coaster in particular is awesome: fast, a few upside down turns and you get to rock out to a random Aerosmith song. Tower of Terror has gotten even better in recent years, now that the drops are truly random. And on two different occasions, when our experience has been ruined by fellow riders (we had what I believe to be an entire frat banging and swearing loudly the WHOLE ride), the attendants have been kind enough to let us re-ride without having to go back into the queue. Star Tours is a 3-D simulator, which now has about 50 different story combinations, so your chances of riding the exact same ride are quite slim. And on our latest visit, I was FINALLY chosen to be the Rebel spy! The Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular is an awesome, entertaining show. It's one of my life goals to be chosen as one of the extras. My time will come. The Great Movie Ride is a bit cheesy, but it can be fun if you have good actors on the tour. But when you have TERRIBLE actors, which we did the last time we were on, it can really ruin the experience. The Legend of Jack Sparrow was really cool too - it takes about 15 minutes, and you're just standing in a room the whole time, yet the set is gorgeous, and it's entertaining to watch. Toy Story Midway Mania always has an insane queue. The only reason I got to go on was because my friend reserved a FastPass+ on her magic band the day before. It's SO much fun, but probably not worth a 2 hour wait. One thing I thought was a lot of fun and very different from the usual theme park experience: the Animation Academy, where you learn how to draw a Disney character through a step-by-step class with a Disney artist. It takes about 20 minutes or so, but it was so cool! You get to keep your finished drawing, and the cashiers in the store outside of the studio will even give you rubber bands and a bag so you can wrap them up and take them with you. As far as food's concerned, stick to the Sci-Fi Drive-In Theater. It's not great food, by any means (but that's par for the course in Disney), but it's at least a fun way to spend a meal. Whatever you do, stay far away from Mama Melrose (I wrote a separate review on that a few months ago). If you have a park hopper pass, just head over to Epcot on a Friendship boat for lunch and then come back here.
Probably my favorite WDW park, although it was pretty crowded when we were there and we missed a lot because we didn't want to wait in long lines.  Tower of Terror is great.  The car stunt show was awesome.  The Sci-Fi Cafe had one of the best reuben sandwiches I've ever had (and the greatest ambiance).  I would go back just for the Cafe.
This park was made for me. Love old Hollywood and anything in the entertainment industry. This park had a really nice balance of attractions, rides, shows, food. I wish it had a little less shopping. The whole main street area was nothing but shopping. They totally could have added another attraction. I really enjoyed myself at this park! I was so excited that i found time to do all the rides, most shows, and the American Idol experience. I made it to the final show and it really felt like I was a part of the famous TV show! I was a star for a day! So happy my boyfriend talked me into doing it!
everything about this park was excellent. the layout, the landscaping, the architecture, and the rides. I enjoyed the great movie ride as well as rockn rollercoaster and the TOT. This tower of terror is much better than the one at DCA in california.
So cool! In California, we have California Adventure which is a mix of Disney Hollywood Studios and the Boardwalk type fairway feel of other areas of the Disneyworld Resort. I was so impressed that a Disney park is dedicated to movie, animation, and all the good stuff of Hollywood!  The Rock'n Rollercoaster is AWESOME!!! and we only waited 10 minutes literally to get on Star Tours. We also took the Spectactular Movie ride was was fun and wish we had more time to get on the original Tower of Terror and the Backlot Tours (which was closed). I absolutely love this place, they also had some of the better clothing shops so I bought a sweatshirt but really wanted a couple different ones. We also watched Muppet Vision 3D which was fun but missed the American Idol Experience as we watched people waiting to audition and get up on stage just like the real thing. The cast members here rock too especially on some of the rides, they really play their parts like on the Movie Spectacular ride. Thoroughly impressed, they also have a HUGE magic hat, we have one next to the Disneyland Hotel in California but doesn't compare at all to the enormousness at Disney's Hollywood Studios in Florida. Can't wait to return! There were literally 10 to 15 minute waits for everything in January, loved it!
Lights! Camera! Fun!!!  There's so much to do at Walt Disney World, but your visit just would NOT be complete without a visit here!  This was the first visit which our family was able to ride all of the "big rides" and we very much enjoyed the Hollywood Tower of Terror!  So much to see and so much to do...don't miss a thing!!!
Hollywood Studios (formerly known as MGM) is all about the movies. Well, OK, there's some music thrown in there too. But this park celebrates entertainment. From the "old Hollywood" main stretches to the Great Movie Ride, stunt shows and street entertainment, there's a lot to like here. It's a more compact park than the others, so it's a little easier to get around, although I still get turned around sometimes going from one section to another. Pixar Place is *awesome* but it really needs MORE -- more than just the oh-so-fun Toy Story Midway Mania (which you really need to go on, but make sure you get a fastpass). There's room back here for expansion, come on Disney, you've got oodles more Pixar movies to work with. Twilight Zone Tower of Terror is a fantastically themed thrill. I can only go on it sparingly -- my tolerance for drop rides is a little low. But seriously, the atmosphere is pretty amazing and if you like thrills, it will indeed thrill you. Rockin Rollercoaster is one of my favorites. OK, the Aerosmith/recording studio thing is a little cheesy after the third time, but the coaster itself is great, a smooth steel ride that's quite  a rush. Star Tours was recently redone and is even more fun than the original. My huge Star Wars geek husband got to be the rebel spy on our last ride and it made his day. Also worth mentioning: The Great Movie ride is cool, MuppetVision 3D is just FUN, the Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular is a nice bit of entertainment. One note: When it comes to quick-serve meals, I find DHS lacking a bit. There are a few great snack stands (check out the Writer's Stop, tucked back in a little corner, or Starring Rolls) and some good sit-down restaurants (the food at the Prime Time 50s Cafe is quite tasty) but quick-serve options here are mostly burgers, salads, etc. The ABC Commissary may be your best bet. Pizza Planet was a little disappointing, honestly; the pizza is just OK and they didn't theme the restaurant as well as they could have.
A wild and VERY fast ride.
I think Hollywood Studios just may be my favorite of the 4 regular theme parks at the Resort... Perhaps I'm a little biased with nostalgia recognizing many of the same features and landmarks as here on the West Coast. I love that even though this Park is still somewhat crowded it is definitely less crowded than the other Parks... from my experience at least. One of my favorite parts of this particular Theme Park is the Streetmosphere Character Director "Vladamir Pooey" Imagine my sadness and disappointment when I did not get to see him at all on my last visit. Oh well I still had a great time here. We went on "Aerosmith's Rockin Roller Coaster" which seemed longer, smoother, and more fun than the last time I rode it. This is a great coaster reminding me of a combination of Space Mountain and California Screamin with a Hollywood Concert Tour theme and an Aerosmith song with the lyrics slightly altered for the ride. I also really love their Tower of Terror as it seems taller and larger than its West Coast doppelganger! I also really loved "Voyage of The Little Mermaid" Again I'm a little biased as The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney pix. I felt it started off kind of cheesy, but quickly rectified itself and when Arial sang "Part of Your World" I got chills and a Cheshire Cat-like smile on my face! There are plenty of great eateries inside again ranging from quick snacks all the way to full service eateries and Character Meals. I'd say my favorite place to dine the 50's Prime Diner (yes I wrote it that way because that's the way Disney spells it.) While most Disney Theme Parks throughout the world tend to focus on a ride experience this one has rides, but seems to lend a heavy hand to shows and entertainment. For example you can watch Fantasmic, Indiana Jones, or their extremely exciting Lights, Motors, Action Extreme Stunt Show to name a couple. This Park is quite beautiful and easy to navigate making for a more enjoyable experience. There are quite a few character Meet and Greets and while the lines might seem a little long move rather quickly. My nieces were able to score a bunch of autographs in their Autograph Books. The various areas are made up of: Hollywood Boulevard, Echo Lake, Streets of America, Commissary Lane, Pixar Place, Mickey Avenue, Animation Courtyard, and Sunset Boulevard. Perhaps recognition may insight a bit of giddiness in others like it did me. I highly recommend this Park if time allows and I highly recommend doing your research at least a year in advance again to gain insight on how to navigate easier. Again you'll want to do the left side of the Park first if you arrive near opening time and eat before 9 a.m., 1 p.m., and 6 p.m. when it is less crowded. There are Dining Packages available for their Fantasmic Show which is done in a Stadium.
You can bring your lunch into the Indiana Jones show, so the 1230p showing is a great way to be entertained during the mid-day meal.
We spent a day at the Hollywood Studios park, which was one of my favorite parks.  It was my first visit.  I like the design and layout of the park.  To me, it made sense.....it's like a wheel and spoke design....large stage in the center and each section of the park an offshoot (spoke) from the center.  I like that because it's easy to understand where you are and avoid getting lost without using a map. I like the rides here the best out of all of the parks.  The Aerosmith roller coaster and the Tower of Terror are some of the best in all of Disney.  I also enjoyed the little shows they put on randomly in the middle of the streets.  Those were a lot of fun to watch. The lines for the character photos were much shorter here too...so we got plenty of pics with them and didn't have to wait too long.  Lots of photo opportunities in the back lot area too. Another one of my favorite places was the exhibit where they show the complete history of Walt Disney.  It was fun to read how he was influenced as a young kid and how he built the Disney empire. Of course, being a major Star Wars geek, the Star Tours ride was one of my favs as well.  The shop at the end of the ride offers a lot of unique Star Wars related items...I wish that existed when I was kid. Speaking of shopping....this park has the best retail shops in my opinion.  The selection of clothes and accessories was more diverse than the other parks.  I found some items for the family and for myself.  This was the only park where we bought stuff to bring home. We can't wait to come back. Return Factor - 95%
Studios doesn't have as much adventure as the Magic Kindgom, or as much to learn as EPCOT, but it's still more fun than Animal Kingdom. We got on Rockin' Rollercoaster and Tower of Terror very soon after arriving and by mid-afternoon were rather out of ideas (as we weren't going to wait 90 minutes for the Pixar ride and the Fastpasses were gone for the day by late AM). If you like the stage shows, it's probably even better, but for me, it's 1/2 day sort of park.
My son loves this park because of Star War Weekends, the Star War ride and Jedi Academy. However, there is not much to do besides that. The rides need to be updated and shows are also outdated and lacking. This park has potential to be awesome it just needs some additions and improvements.
Favorite ride!!!!! My high score is 162,400!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!
My least favorite park (perhaps it's a tie between this and animal kingdom). I don't have much to say about this park except that it reminds me of Calfornia Adventrue in CA (in terms of rides that is). I do like their Pixar studios, i thought the decor / queue area for Toy Story was neat -- made you feel like you're one of the toys. Tower of Terror was different from the one in CA. The Beauty and the Beast production was just okay. what I liked about the Fantasmic show at Orlando is that everyone gets to sit and watch the show. Unlike the one in Disneyland, CA you have to stand / tip toe to watch the show. Here you are pretty much gauranteed a good spot. So that's cool. Overall the park was alright -- would i come back? You'll probably have a better chance in finding me here than in Animal Kingdom.
A classic television show births a classic ride with the Tower of Terror in Hollywood Studios.  The setting is a throwback to Hollywood in the 1920s, and the ride is a consistent crowd pleaser.  Whenever there is under a 30 minute wait, jump on the line and opportunity since this is one of the most popular attractions throughout Disney World- a Fast Pass is definitely recommended.
Eh....not my favorite of Disney Parks. It is my lease favorite in fact but...it is definitely not a bad place to spend the day. As with anything Disney executes it is done 100% and then some. They park is clean, easy to navigate and the staff are all friendly. We had some issues with our magic bands and the staff were AWESOME! I am not a thrill seeker so this park was just not up my alley. My husband went on the Rockin Roller Coaster and he thought it was pretty awesome. I think it was a little much for even him. I chickened out on Tower of Terror on my last visit but it was quite scary my previous visit. I highly recommend it if you enjoy the S*&% being scared out of you. That ride definitely does the trick. Definitely visit the Brown Derby. It is wonderful! They have a Fantasmic package that allows you to get dinner and reserved seats for their night show. It was worth it! The meal was wonderful and just knowing that we had a place to lay our bum for the show made things much nicer. The show was fantastic!! I would say it rivals Epcot's show (which is my favorite). I don't know if I would necessarily visit this park again if given the chance. I think I would spend an additional day at Epcot or the Magic Kingdom. I am glad that I went though and I am very glad that I had the opportunity to see Fantasmic. That in itself was worth it!
Great movie ride! What a classic. The ride is 20minutes but the live performance makes the ride. It is a good ride to escape the heat and relax while reliving the classics.
With only a couple of thrill rides, the park is dedicated to watching shows.  Great if you have little ones.  They have a whole Pixar section, Disney Junior Live, and to meet many Disney Characters that you would not normally see in the other parks.The best time to enjoy this park is during the Holidays to watch the incredible light show.  Do not leave the park without seeing the Extreme Stunt show, Indiana Jones, Fantasmic, and Disney Junior Live (if you have a little one who is a big fan). Unless you want to sing in the American Idol Experience, I would not waste time attending the show.  Spend that time riding Star Tours, Rockin Roller Coaster, or The Tower of Terror.
This is by far the smallest out of all Disney parks.  It definitely does not require a full day, so grab a park hopper and head to either Animal Kingdom or Epcot.  The park has pretty good rides, but it is mostly shows.  Be sure to go on the Tower of Terror, Rock n Roller Coaster, and watch the Indiana Jones show.  We spent only about 4 hours here and just decided to return to Epcot for dinner and fireworks.
"Hollywood Studios - all about the shows" In this park it more about the shows, but you really have to have the timing down to make them so choose wisely. All the parks have one focal point of a picture and I think the Metallic Mickey Magician Hat does justice to be a focal point in this park. This park had a mid day parade so don't miss out on it as there are a lot of characters which you won't see in other parks. Star tours was a good ride and once we came out they had Jedi training for star wars fans of under 12 it was fantastic to watch it, so enroll you kids quick. Toy story ride fun but very popular so there will be a long line up, make sure to prepare for it if you are waiting on a show to start. I also went for the Indian Jones show which was splendid although cut into short due to heavy rain. We also enjoyed the honey I shrunk the kids play area where we were little compared to things around us and it was fun. I also enjoyed the stunt show, it was mind blowing as they show us how stunts are done in movies. NOT TO BE MISSED- Fantasmic. It is a must see! This was what made my visit to the park worth it as I least enjoyed this between all four parks. My recommendation will be to pack some snacks, drinks plus wear comfortable shoes and don't forget the hat, glasses & sunscreen.
Hollywood Studios, Formerly MGM Studios, is a fantastic place to go if you really like film. This park has shows and rides documenting the journey of the silver screen from it's onset into today. Some of the more exciting rides include Aerosmith's Rock and Roller Coaster and the Twilight Zone's Tower of Terror. The show Hollywood Studio's has on most nights is awesome and is called Fantasmic, documenting Mickey Mouse's journey in Fantasia with some cool cameo's from the other dubious Disney Villians. This is one of Disneyworld's best shows. If you like the shows, Hollywood Studios has a bunch of them from Ariel to Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular. I always found this park to be a great place to go with the family or in the morning to ride the thrill rides if you are park hopping. In any rate, another Disney Classic. Thanks for reading and enjoy.
Attend this during a conference event.  The conference organizers reserved the entire park for the conference attendees from 7pm to 11pm.   The organization was fantastic, all the booze stands were free and most of the restaurants were also free.   So cant complain about that - the staff as always at Disney was super friendly. From a ride perspective, they dont have too many really good ones.. there is the Rock n Roll Roller coaster which is great - Themed around Aerosmith, it is an indoor roller coaster that starts with a super fast take off then a few loop de loops... reminds me a lot of Space Mountain at the main disney park.  The other premier ride is the Tower of Terror... also a very good ride.  Other than that, the rest of the rides are mediocre.
There's nothing wrong with being a kid at heart.  The fun can be endless if you make it that way.  The rock and roll roller coaster is a must do.  Aerosmith totally jams out the whole experience :)  There are other rides that you can shoot targets and get points for as well as enjoying the making of movies.  The Indiana Jones stunt and Lights Motor Action shows are entertaining.  The back lot tour is informative and I can't believe I have never been on it out of all the times I've been there.  I guess there is a first time for everything.  One man's dream is a must see.  Walt Disney rocks!  Of course, I ate like a pig during our visit here.  Vacations can tend to do that.  A margarita, turkey flatbread sandwich, and apple slices were some of the items I consumed and they were all yummy.  Plus, we got upgrades to 3-day passes for the both of us for only $50.  SCORE!!
Here is my demographic. Married dad of four kids. Kids are 19,11,7, and 4. I am late 30s. I love movies. I love the movies like Indiana Jones, Star Wars, and most of the other movies featured in this park. My problem is this. There isn't, here, for my kids to get into. That is the only negative. As a result, it is the least favorite park for my wife. For me, it is equal with Epcot. That is not to say there aren't things to do for the kiddos. The Honey We Shrunk the Kids playground is really cool. When it is up and running, the kids have always loved it. This past trip it was closed. Other than that, Toy Story Midway Mania is about it for the younger kids. They don't typically sit through shows. The little guy and wife can't or will not ride thrill rides. So, that leaves them on the short end, for here. The plus to this, for the kids, is Fantasmic. It is always a show that impresses anyone. For me, I love it all. I love the shows. I love the Great Movie Ride. The asthetics of this park really do something for me. I love all the rides. The layout makes perfect sense. I love the backlot cityscape. Even the restaraunts are decent. Individually, I will not rate the rides. That is for their individual reviews. But from a park standpoint, the mainstreet starts the experience with that retro Hollywood feel. It continues throughout the park. My one wish is that there would be more kid centric rides around the park. I really wish they would develop the Pixar area a bit. Maybe add a Wall-E, Incredibles, or Pixar themed Midway area with carnival games or some rides. It would go perfect with the Toy Story ride. There are several huge buildings, near here, that have attractions that reall lack in popularity and never seem to hold full time shows. These could turn into other Pixar rides to aleviate the burden Toy Story Midway Mania holds. Maybe they could do with more thrill rides in the park as well. Another coaster or maybe even an Indiana Jones ride or another different Star Wars ride, or 10. :) Check out the lights over the Christmas and New Years season. It is quite amazing. Just me, 5 stars. But with the kids and wife, 4 stars for the things I mentioned.
Lines went by really fast. Even if they were over an hour wait, they kept you moving which helped out alot with the kid's patience levels. I love that my 4 and 6 year olds could ride some of the more thrilling rides, something that they can't do back where we live as they aren't tall enough.
What a great time!  Kimberly-Clarke rented the WHOLE PARK for 6000 nurses, and the trade show participants that were there to meet them. It must have cost them $$$$$ (certainly 1.2 M +) I'm going to buy Kimberly-Clarke product from now on! The park is very nice, the Rock n Roller Coaster is great, and I am happy to get to experience the park at no charge. All in all, a great time, and thanks again K-C!
I love the hollywood theme and the rockin rollercoaster is killer! My husband loved Star tours and the back lot movie tour.
This was my least favorite of all the parks we went to here at Disney World. For the record, let me start off by saying i had a stomach bug that i caught the day before, and did not feel well what so ever which more than likely made my experience alot worse. I LOVED Star Tours and had my stomach been better, i would have done it more than once. My boyfriend was super excited about Star Tours because Star Wars is his favorite thing in this world other than me... that is a tough competition let me tell you! Lol. Although our day was short, i had a blast meeting a ton of Disney characters:) Next time, ill make sure i take some Airbourne before vacation so i don't get sick hah.
My first night at WDW was spent here. I honestly thought this would be the worst of the parks, and it turned out being one of the best. The Tower of Terror, Rock and Roller Coaster, and Midway Mania turned out to be 3 of the best rides i went on my entire time at the park. The setup is a little confusing, compared to magic kingdom, however it is navigable. The fireworks show was a little disappointing (in that we couldn't get in and told there was no seating, but other than that it was a terrific park. All the primary rides had fastpass which was another bonus. If you are visiting WDW Hollywood Studios is a must. Muppets 3D was also another fun attraction. All around it was a great trip.
This park is a must do. Slightly mimicked Anaheim's California Adventure, but after the select rides they share the similarities end. This park has a cool "Streets of America" section and the backlot tour is neat as well. For dining this park officers the Signature restaurant the Brown Derby, a Hollywood landmark! Definitely take at least a half day to come here :) don't forget to check the magic hours schedule if you are lodging on property.
Newest and best ride and Hollywood Studios.  Similar to Buzz Lightyear in Magic Kingdom but with a more realistic, 3D glasses wearing, trigger pullin, awesome sound effects listenin atmosphere.  Like others have said- it is new and the line gets long quick so Fast-Pass it and Fast-Pass it early because the Fast-Passes actually start running later and later very quickly.  By 1000or 11:00 AM the Fast-Pass return was already at 5PM.  This is great for kids and adults alike!
This park is all about the shows. Don't miss Indiana Jones, Lights Motors Action, or Fantismic. If you like thrills you'll love Rock 'n' Rollercoaster, Tower of Terror, and Star Tours. Don't miss the Great Movie Ride and the Animation Academy.
This might be my favorite park.  So many great rides!  Rock n Roller Coaster is definitely the fastest ride I'll every go on.   Get a fast pass and breeze through the line. They do run out so don't wait until the end of the day to get one.  The band jam session before the ride is cool & interesting.  The roller coaster cars are shaped like a big stretch limo taking all of us VIP's to the show.   All strapped in and waiting for the countdown which took longer than I remember... Almost enough time for me to chicken out, keep your head back because as soon as the light turns green you're blasted into darkness and the Aerosmith tunes begin blaring from the speakers behind your head.  Black light effects were sweet and helped from being in total darkness. It's a long ride but the end always comes too soon. Your ride picture is taken at the beginning of the ride.  Awesome coaster will definitely ride again. Tower of Terror is also a great thrill.  This was my first year to ride this ride and  I probably went 4 or 5 times.  The timing of each drop was different for all my rides.  This is a MUST at this park. Another MUST is Toy Story Mania, get a fast pass or you will have in line for over an hour.  I love the ride but it's almost not worth standing in line for that long.  ALMOST.... so just get the fast pass.  They run out of these too so get a FP as soon as you can. If you have little kids they will love the Honey I Shrunk the kids playground.  If you've ever seen the movie the playground makes you feel like the size of ants.  My son loved it!   Star tours was fun and gives you the feel of being in a spacecraft, it's 3D and they say that on some of the rides you get to see Darth although I didn't see him on my ride.   Another item to note is the Muppet's ride/show.  Muppet's are always fun!
Hollywood Studios combines the magic of Disney with Hollywood. Nobody could do it as well as Disney does. If you are interested in seeing the show Fantasmic! you should consider looking into a Fantasmic! meal package. It is a great show but for people like me who have already seen it, you can give or take it next time because it does take a large chuck of time. One big disappointment when we were there last week was that their "Pixar Pals Countdown to Fun" Parade was gone! :( It was okay though, Hollywood Studios has one of the best atmospheres of all of the parks and is packed with fun for the whole family! Disney's Hollywood Studios is divided into five different parts, Hollywood Boulevard Area; Sunset Boulevard Area; Echo Lake Area; Streets of America Area; and Pixar Place Area. Echo Lake Area consists of: - Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular: My family loved it! Though I wan't a big fan, I thought it was kind of boring! I would go though if you somewhat like Indiana Jones. - Star Tours: This ride was a blast! I was impressed! - American Idol Experience: It feels like the show! If you enjoy singing and would want to be on the real American Idol- audition! The winner gets a ticket to the front of the line to a real audition! It is fun to go and just watch and vote in one of the rounds though! I would recommend seeing a round! Streets of America Area consists of: - Muppet "Vision 3-D: A great show! - Streets of America Movie Set: Cool! I have not visited the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids Movie Set Adventure or the Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show. Pixar Place Area: -The Magic of Disney Animation: If you like drawing, this is the place for you! - The Legend of Captain Jack Sparrow: Not worth your time! If you have a child who loves pirates they may like it though. - Walt Disney: One Man's Dream: I love it! It was really cool walking through and reading about Walt's life and the creation and history behind Disney. I enjoyed it very much! Watch the show too! - Studio Backlot Tour: It is very cool! - Toy Story Midway Mania!: So much fun! (Do this early or else you will experience the longest lines at Disney World without a fastpass.) - Voyage of the Little Mermaid: Very good show! I have not done the Disney Junior- Live on Stage, but I hear small children love it! Hollywood and Sunset Boulevards: - The Great Movie Ride: At first I didn't really think it would be all that great- I was wrong! I loved it! It really is great! - Rock 'n' Roller Coaster: So much fun! - The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror: A lot of fun! Disney makes it an experience rather than just another ride! I have not seen Beauty and the Beast- Live on Stage. Disney's Hollywood Studios is a great park! Enjoy your visit! Have a magical time!
Hollywood Studios is admittedly my least favorite of the Disney Parks.  It is on the smaller side, lacks the quality of the rides at the Magic Kingdom, the dining options of Epcot and the fascinating/educational aspects of Animal Kingdom.  That being said, it is still a chance to have a fun day and not be at work, so don't get me wrong, it's not that bad!  The Aerosmith coaster is very smooth and it is a nice touch that it is air conditioned.   The best ride here hands down is Toy Story Mania, but be warned, if you do not go first thing, you will wait for hours to get on this ride.
If you pay $260 for VIP seating and the show is canceled...you are SOL.  NO REFUNDS.  Do not do any VIP seatings unless money is just a toy.
As an adult this is my favorite Disney park and there is plenty to keep the kids entertained for Hours.
Still one of the coolest places in Orlando.   The Tower of Terror and Rock n' Roller Coaster are simply fantastic rides...especially e first time you ride them.  Before I go any farther...USE FAST PASS. The coolest thing they have here is definitely the Jedi Academy.  If you have kids who love Star Wars then get in line early, sprint (or at least speed walk) to this line, and get your kid signed up.  There were two things my son wanted out of this trip...to go to Harry Potter at Universal and to go throug the Jedi Training Academy.  Parents, this is something your kid will never forget. There are some great shows here as well-I love the stunt shows...they're exciting and if you are there on a hot day it gives you a good 30 minutes or more off of your feet.  Another cute show is the American Idol show.  People come early to audition and then throughout the day there are 3 person competitions.  The winner of the day gets a Dream Ticket which allows them to go to an actual audition at one of the regional tryouts.  Pretty cool.  If the line isn't too long I also really recommend Star Tours.   I wouldn't skip Hollywood Studios...there just too much fun to be had here...
This was my wife's favorite ride.  It's put together so well from the trip into the hotel to the being outside when you're dropped.  Plus, the people working the ride all stay in character the whole time.  It's just a great overall experience.  Plus, it's amazing to see this giant hotel from outside.  So very cool
Disney's Hollywood Studios is one of the Disney World Parks in Orlando, Florida. Much smaller then its brothers Magic Kingdom and Epcot but still fun none the less. Visited this park on my second day on my anniversary trip with my girlfriend. It has a good amount to do not to mention the big Mickey Wizard hat in the center which is a great photo shot. Now the main rides by far are the Tower of Terror, Rock N' Roll roller coaster and the Toy Story 3D ride. Tower of Terror... Sorry I chickened out and made my girlfriend suffer from not going. I'm afraid of heights... I think I made up for it in the Rock N' Roll roller coaster however. Beware this ride does have a loop and goes pretty fast in my opinion. Also a pretty dark ride but not as dark as Space Mountain. Right away as the ride starts Steve Tyler counts down and at the end of the count down you speed up instantly and begin the ride. Lots of turns! Now Toy Story! My kind of ride even though my girlfriend keeps beating me somehow... Kind of a sour subject... Very fun where you get a small gun and pull the string in the back to shoot objects and depending on which stage you are on can be either darts or balls or rings etc. There is also a Beauty and the Beast show that was also entertaining and good for kids to see. At night there is Fantasmic which was a very entertaining show that had lots of effects such as lights, lasers and fire and water for example. There area  lot of images and people dressed as the characters! Try to get there a bit early though so you can get some really good seats! Have fun everyone and check out Fantasmic!
Walt Disney had many dreams throughout his life and although he is no longer with us, I'm pretty sure he'd be happy to know that in 2008, his parks are thriving and bringing magic to all who visit.  And after a recent trip to Hollywood Studios (formerly named MGM) it is still a splendid place for kids and grown-ups alike. If you are a Florida resident, it will behoove you to buy your ticket online before you go.  Unfortunately, the Disney website is the only place you can receive this discount though.  Online it costs $67.50 for an adult ticket versus $75 at the park gate.  But you have to register with them first and it may be a troublesome process--at least for me it was.  So if you are set on the discounted price, don't wait until the last second.  Once you're inside the park though, hopefully you'll forget about the price you paid, whatever it was, because you'll be enjoying yourself so much.   Going during the off season was a wise choice since the lines were short and the weather simply perfect.  It made the experience seem like a vacation even though we actually live in Orlando.  Disney also offers a service that helps you get to the front of the lines even faster--and its free of charge.  Unlike Universal's Express Pass where you pay extra to get VIP status at each ride, Disney's Fast Pass gives you the opportunity to plan ahead and know that you won't have to stand in line for 2 hours.  You simply insert your park ticket into the Fast Pass machines and out pops another ticket for that particular ride.  Printed on the ticket is the time range where you can return and proceed to the front.  It seemed to be a popular activity and when we chose to use this service we were extremely happy with the results.  Instead of waiting 90 minutes to ride Aerosmith's Rockin' Roller Coaster we used our Fast Pass and waited only 15 minutes.  Even though the coaster was awesome and set completely in the dark, it would have been disappointing had we waited even 30 minutes. The park itself was very clean and well organized.  The maps were great, the bathrooms sanitary, and the staff very friendly.  The food choices seemed to have improved from my previous time there as a kid.  They had healthy stands serving fruits and cut up veggies as well as the normal park fare of hot dogs, pretzels and ice cream.  And of course if you wanted to sit down to eat they have the Brown Derby and a host of other restaurants to accommodate you.   The attractions were, overall, enchanting.   Yet, some were definitely geared towards a younger audience such as Toy Story's experience.  But for two 25 year-olds, we were thoroughly amused the entire day.  Our favorites were the famed Tower of Terror, the Studio Back Lot Tour, the theatrical Little Mermaid Show and getting to meet Sully and Mike from Monster's Inc.   What can I say, it's fun to pretend you're only 9 again.
MGM Stud.....err....I mean Hollywood Studios..... Well, I don't have anything bad to say about it. Once you get there, get your fast pass to Toy Story Mania.  It is usually out of Fast Passes by 11am because it is the most popular attraction in all the parks. Our boys love it.  The tour is great.  The Tower of Terror, Aerosmith Rollercoaster, Lights, Camera, Action Stunt Show.... They are all grand! The boys loved seeing all the characters.  Mike Wazowski and Sulley are really easy to find and rarely have a line for pictures.  Buzz and Woody are also much the same.  Wait for 15 minutes and you get their autograph and pictures that will last a lifetime.   The best part of MGM....There I did it again.... The best part of Hollywood Studios is: FANTASMIC! It is the best night show that Disney puts on.  Get the special seating or just walk up the ramp.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.  It is 35 minutes of visual bliss, watching Mickey fight dragons and witches.  I'd recommend this night show over Wishes! even.  It is phenomenal!
This is a great park to spend the whole day at.  It has some great rides and show.  I have been there many times and still haven't seen and done everything there.  There is always something new to do and explore.  Great for adults and kids.  You have to ride Tower of Terror at least two or three or more times because it is a different ride each time.  The Great Movie Ride that is a ride and a show at the same time.  Back lot Tour is a fun ride to he how movies are made.  Then there is the Stunt Show that is just crazy fun and amazing.  Also you cant forget the Toy Story 3-D ride but you diffidently want a fast pass for that one.  The best time of the year to go is a round Christmas to the light show that is just unbelievable.  When you go you need to take your time to see and do everything and also get a map and show times to make sure you get to do everything.
A good "easy" day for a week long Disney vacation.  The park is not large, but the Rockin Roller Coaster makes up for it.  The show in the evening, Fantasmic,  is probably one of my favorites and ends the day on a really positive note.
Despite this park not being broken up by "lands" like all the other parks, I actually enjoyed most of these rides.  Although it was harder to find non-thrill rides in this park, there are a few good choices.  This park devotes it's attention to movie and TV-program creation. This park however, is split up into numerous "streets" which help designate the area of the park that the ride/attraction is in.  Pick up a park guide map to help you find the destinations that suit your taste/style.
Not as busy as MK or Epcot, great rides....and BEER!!!
Move over Space Mountain, you've got some competition!! This is definitely a new favorite of mine! High speed is an understatement...my mind is still blown by how you can have such a thrilling launch on an indoor roller coaster!! Fantastic job, Disney Imagineers!!
Reviews of attractions and entertainments in the park, visited on Feb 8, 2014. -Beauty and the Beast Live on Stage & Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show are my favorite. The former is a classic musical, and the later is an exciting special effects show. The content is as the name suggests, but the show itself would be beyond your imagination. -Voyage of The Little Mermaid is a pretty good musical, but it could be better if it lasts longer. -The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror™ is really cool! It features approximately 40 meters free fall and it's my favorite trill ride. -Muppet*Vision 3D & Disney Junior - Live on Stage! are for infants...Maybe kids will enjoy them, but I don't. The muppet show is relatively better. -The American Idol Experience is quite unique. The performance is okay, but as expected, performances fall short of the real thing. -Studio Backlot Tour & Indiana Jones™ Epic Stunt Spectacular! are temporarily closed, so I cannot make comments on them. -Toy Story Mania! is really fun, although it's not as spectacular as some other shows. -Fantasmic is a decent mix of disney cartoons and characters. It's fine if you're familiar with them, otherwise it doesn't make much sense. However, it's always exciting to see fire on water.
TOY STORY MANIA! ROCKIN ROLLERCOASTER! AND...thats about it when it comes to this park.  You can probably throw in the stage shows, especially the one towards the end of the night.  Its quite a spectacle! The park overall was probably the "weakest of the 4 parks" - as quoted from Scott A's review.  But the two rides mentioned above were probably in my top 5 fave rides in all of Disney.
Compared to other parks, Disney's Hollywood Studios offers a more variety of exciting cool shows and rides. A must-see if you are ever in Walt Disney World. A high-speed roller coaster ride themed Aerosmith, the Hollywood Tower of Terror elevator drop, and the Toy Story Midway Mania are hot spots to attend. Fast-passes are recommended in these popular rides because wait time for non fast-passes could be over 1 hour long! Best of all, the shows are amazingly beautiful. Beauty and the Beast-Live on Stage and the Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular are a must see! Both beautiful and entertaining to watch. To top it off and finish the magical night. Attend Fantasmic! A combination of fireworks, waterworks, and a light show that will be ever so magical. This will be a night to remember. Oh Boy! Ha Ha!
Was a bit let down with Hollywood Studios.  Having spent a considerable amount of time in Anaheim I'd compare it to California Adventure and it falls a bit flat in the comparison.  Same shows but not as many rides and not nearly the same atmosphere.  Its a smaller park and I agree with other Yelpers that the place just not seem as well thought out as other Disney Parks.  Glad we went, but would probably not return anytime soon at least until the my kids are a bit older.
In my heart, this will always be MGM. Never will I be able to call it Hollywood Studios wholeheartedly. This is just another fantastic part of the greater magic that is Disney. Here's a good tip for getting here from Epcot: Take the small ferry from the international entrance and take it to the entrance. Parking is super expensive these days ($14 per car, I believe) and it's always better to utilize Disney's transportation throughout your vacation/stay. The park. It seems to have changed quite a bit. Some of my favorite attractions have changed dramatically. Feature Animation is now a walk through and not so much of a tour, the guides on the Great Movie Ride are a little less than enthusiastic, and there's a giant attraction for American Idol....lame. All of the oldies but goldies are still kickin! Rockin' Roller Coaster, Tower of Terror, Back Lot Tour, Star Wars. Such amazing places. Best place to eat is the picnic area near the entrance for Rockin' Roller Coaster. Turkey legs galore! Also, if you've never caught Fantasmic, you have to check it out at least once.
I was just here last week, and it hasn't changed a bit since the last time. I got to ride tower of terror twice in a row. And i finally got to experience rock n rollercoaster! All in all, a good experience. I'll have to go back to watch the Beauty and the Beast musical sometime :)
Still one of my favorite parks. Small and manageable and they pack a lot in here. It's all about the movies - present and yesteryear. It's like stepping back in time to the golden age of the movies with just the right amount of rides and attractions to keep one's interest peaked. If you are a movie person this park is great. Even the shops here have that old-timey look and vibe. Great Movie Ride, Star Tours, Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular, Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, Fantasmic, Toy Story Manina, Rock & Roller Coaster, Muppets 3D, and so much more. Plenty of places to eat with both sit down fun restaurants and quickie fast food type places. There is a lot to see and do here, but it won't take more than a full day to do it all. It depends on time of year as the park can get very crowded during peak seasons with long waits at lines for rides and eateries. I was just here in October and it was very manageable and not too crowded. Fast Pass. Always get Fast Passes as soon as you enter the park for the most popular rides. The sit down shows are terrific here too! Take the time to see a few of them, and it's also a nice break to get off your feet for a while.
Make sure to ride Hollywood Tower of Terror and Rock'n'Roller Coaster.
Hollywood Studios  IS my favorite park!  Why?  Because it has the coolest rides!   Aerosmith's Rock 'n' Roller Coaster is my favorite ride in all of WDW.  Waiting to board, you are left in a Recording Studio where Aerosmith is waiting for a Limo to take them to their next gig and then he notices you standing there and orders a Limo  to get you to their Gig...FAST! An indoor roller coaster featuring a high-speed launch of 0-60 mph in 2.8 seconds Hollywood Studio's has doubled in size in the past 10 years and it is still growing!  It is divided into 4 sections.  It was originally named  Disney-MGM Studios HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD: As you enter the park and walk down Hollywood Boulevard you will see the park icon, a gigantic Sorcerer Mickey Hat, originally built to mark WDW's 100 Years of Magic Celebration. The Great Movie Ride: Inside a magnificent reproduction of the famous Mann's Chinese Theater, long tram cars take you on a slow, but interesting journey through some of the world's most famous movie scenes.  Life like Audio & Animated electronic figures, take you back to scenes from the Wizard of Oz, Alien, Raiders of the Lost Ark and many more. Just about every genre is represented: musicals, gangster movies, westerns, romances.  This is a must see attraction! This is where you will find many good Restaurants like The Brown Derby, 50's Prime Time Cafe and Hollywood & Vine. SUNSET BOULEVARD:  This is where Rock n Roller Coaster is!  Where, other than Boston, you can run red lights and stop signs and get away with it! Its dark, yet glitzy with lights, it's uphill and downhill thrills galore! Home to The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, is in the rundown Hollywood Tower Hotel. A facade of a once-glorious hotel which jolts you back in time. Board a phantom elevator, shoot up 13 stories and brace yourself for a thrilling plummet... but beware! The experience just got scarier. You rocket back up, only to plummet down yet again. You dare to ride once more, but wait! That's not what happened before. That's right, now the Tower is in control, so it's never the same fear twice! Fantasmic..There are no bad seats here, to view Mickey fighting all the Disney villains with dancing waters, lights, music and fireworks.  Pretty well a must see, once. MICKEY AVENUE ANIMATION COURTYARD: Toy Story Mania, an interactive 4-D ride and game all in one, where you grab 3-D glasses and battle for fun, using spring action virtual darts!  Cool!  Everybody is a Kid in WDW! Studio Backlot Tour Shuttles take you behind the scenes of a real, working studio and through Catastrophe Canyon for a special effects tour, recreating some intense natural disasters. Plan to possibly get wet! ;+} Voyage of The Little Mermaid: This show is guaranteed to satisfy mermaid-lovers, young and old. A combination of movie clips, live performers, puppets and dancing fish, bring together an entertaining show! BACKLOT: Lights, Motors, Action! Stunt Show.  You walk into the open-air theater and find your seat on metal, stadium-style bleachers that overlook a village-themed set. . Engines rev, tires screech and adrenaline kicks into overdrive as a series of highly orchestrated stunts, specially designed cars, motorcycles and jet skis and amazing feats give you a behind-the-scenes look at how action stunts are created for the movies Star Tours - the ultimate Star Wars thrill ride. May the Force be with you!  Designed by teams from both Disney and George Lucas, your 40-seat flight simulator takes you on a turbulent trip through outer space, with an absent-minded droid in the cockpit. There is much more to Hollywood Studio's than what I reviewed.  Go see for yourself!
Disney-MGM Studios with attractions such as Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith and The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror kind of combined bits of California Adventure Park and Euro Disney's Walt Disney Studios. These two rides are definitely the big ticket items at Disney-MGM Studios. They actually say that your experience on the Tower of Terror is never the same as the last and I was surprised to find that was true! Definitely a lot of fun this ride will guarantee that you lose your breath. The Backlot Tour, Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular!, Muppet Vision 3-D, Sounds Dangerous - Starring Drew Carey and the newly imported from Paris Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show are also worth visiting.
I'm glad we decided to check out Hollywood Studios instead of spend a extra day at EPCOT.  It is so much more than I had expected. A lot of the rides at this park are available in California like Star Tours, Toy Story Mania, & Tower of Terror so I focused mainly on the ones only in Florida.  We made plans to check out the American Idol experience & what an experience it was.  It was so much fun!!  Here are some highlights of Florida only attractions: American Idol Experience - It was like being in the audience of the real show!  SO much fun!!  Make sure to get there early as it does get crowded. Lights Motors Action Stunt Show - This was so much fun to watch!!  I wish I was able to do some of those stunts..  WOW!! Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular - This was amazing too!!  I loved how they show you the behind the scenes of how movies and action shots are made.   The Great Movie Ride was so cool!! - It's a slow moving ride that puts you in the middle of all the great Movies from past & present.  A must do! Studio Backlot Tour - was great too!!  Loved that we got to ride around in the tram! Honey I Shrunk the Kids Movie Set was fun.  I felt like an ant eating the BIG OREO!! MMMMM When I come back, I will definitely make time to come to Hollywood Studios again!
This was less of a blast than I thought it would be. I enjoyed being there for Star Wars weekend, but perhaps I had too high expectations. The Star Wars ride is showing its age and needs a reboot. The Indiana Jones Stunt Show was ok, but not great. The Tower of Terror was cool, but nothing to write home about. The two best things actually were not initially on my radar-the Aerosmith indoor roller coaster (far better than Space Mountain) and the car stunt show at the back of the park. A little too much High School Musical for my taste. The pizza I had at the Space Arcade was very lousy. It was good to be there, but not sure its worthy of spending a whole day there again.
This place was my least fave as a kid, but they've changed a lot and it's most def for the better. A. they have 2 of the 3 best rides at Disney. No, not the Tower of Terror, which no longer has the big long scary drop, it a series of small up and down drops and totally not as scary anymore. The 2 best rides are Aerosmith's Rockin' Roller coaster and the Toy Story Ride. Aerosmith goes from 0 to 500 million miles an hour in 3 seconds. It shocked the sh*t out of me and the pic from the hidden coaster cam proved it. Eek! The Toy Story ride is the longest wait for a ride at any of the parks, and for good reason. Get there early and get your fast pass... they usually run out of fast passes here prior to even hitting noon, so hurry. I don't want to spoil the ride but it's skill related and I totally won a virtual beaver and kicked my BFs azz! B. Star Wars is still the Shizz. They even have a little interactive show that they put on outside the ride for kids 10 and under where they all get dressed as Jedis in training and they get on this stage with their little light sabers and eventually have to save us all from Darth Vader and co. It was pretty cool and I was pretty J that I was too old to participate. Next time, Imma find me a kid to bring. C. The Honey I Shrunk the Kids Playground will never get old to me. I love the giant Oreo, the sniffing doggie nose, and Antie. D. The Beauty and the Beast play was great! It was really cool to look down at stage right and see the 2 performers for the hearing impaired act out and sign all the words from the play. So very cool that Disney does that. E. THE MUPPETS! 5 stars to any and everything that Jim Henson was ever involved in... except the Dark Crystal which still scares the S out of me.
Nice place to visit if done early. The toy story ride is very busy. They have the American idol show every hour.
Short on time? Here are 5 Must See Attractions: (NOT in a specific order) 1. The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror- I think my heart just ripped out of my chest and plopped into someones lap? This ride is insane! You won't have the same experience twice because each elevator has a different ride sequence. (Use FASTPASS SERVICE) 2. Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith- You're at a standstill and then all of a sudden Zoooooom....Weeeeeee. This isn't like other roller coasters where you're slowly moving up and then there is a fall. You go from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 2.8 seconds. (Use FASTPASS SERVICE) 3. The American Idol Experience- If you're like me, and have only watched American Idol on TV, this is definitely a cool experience. You can either audition and get a chance to be on stage or be in the audience and vote for who you think should be the next American Idol! or shall we say Hollywood Studios Idol? 4. Lights, Motors, Action! Extreme Stunt Show- Watch stuntmen choreograph and film complex vehicle stunts live! Lots of explosions, cars flying left and right, and madd driving skills. 5. The Great Movie Ride- Are you ready to be transported into movies such as Mary Poppins, The Wizard of Oz, Alien, and Raiders of the Lost Ark? {My Fave Cheap Eats} ABC Commissary- Plenty of seating available. Air conditioned. They've got the usual burgers, fries, hot dogs, and chicken tenders. What's cool about this place is that they offer chicken curry with rice. Their curry isn't the best, but if you're like me and sick of eating hot dogs and burgers, this is a treat. {Note} If you've got some extra time, try to hit the Muppet Vision 3-D attraction, Toy Story Mania (Use FASTPASS SERVICE), and the nighttime musical Fantasmic! Have a Blast!
This is for older kids. It is a bit boring for our younger kids.
I wasn't sure if I would like this park.  We went through the turnstiles and started contemplating our park map.  Aerosmith's Rockin Roller Coaster was my main target.  I wanted a Fast Pass. A cast member saw us discussing our plans, walked over and asked if he could help us find something.  I told him it was our first visit, he flashed back a big smile and pulled out a bunch of "1st Visit" pins.  He then made us promise to get Fast Passes for the new Toy Story ride first. We took his advice, headed over and grabbed four.  He was right, the Fast Pass distribution was already up to 3 p.m.  We couldn't get another Fast Pass for an hour, so we looked at the map again for our next destination.  A sign caught my eye, it was Walt and Mickey Mouse.  I realized that it was an attraction dedicated to Walt's life.  I had to go in.   We walked through the entrance. A member of the Dream Team jumped out from behind the corner and introduced himself.  We had won dream Fast Passes!  For the rest of the day, we just had to tear off our little tabs and hand them to CM's when we wanted to join a Fast Pass line. The Walt Disney attraction was one of my favorite experiences of the whole trip.  Do not miss it if you visit Hollywood Studios! We ate at the Sci Fi Diner for lunch, which is another must.  We ate dinner at the 50's Prime Time Cafe and although we enjoyed it, I liked the Sci Fi Diner better. My oldest daughter adored the Star Wars theme shop.  My youngest adored the interactive Toy Story ride.  Since we had won the Dream Fast Passes - we gave the four that we had obtained after entering the park to a family of four that had missed out.  They thanked us repeatedly and it felt good to spread a little of the magic. It began to pour so we made our way into the "Learn to Draw" attraction.  We got to draw Eeyore and it was really cool! We hit the Little Mermaid show next. We were able to ride out the rest of the thunderstorms in there and Dad was able to catch some Zzz's. :P The Tower of Terror is 10 times better than the one in California. The Aerosmith Rockin Roller Coaster is incredible.  I think we rode it 6 times before our trip was complete.  It is simply the best roller coaster on earth.  The whole family loved it. Now that I'm back in California, I kick on my Aerosmith tunes and grin ear to ear from the memories. Thank you Hollywood Studios!
We liked Hollywood Studios. The tower of terror was awesome. My rode it several times but the movie at the begining scared my 9 year old and he refused to ride after the first. We all loved Rockin Roller Coaster it does go upside down for those who don't like that. We had a blast at Toy Story Mania but I recommend going early because we went twice and the line was 45 minutes each time. Star Tours is really cool as well. Not a fan of the great movie ride and it was older movies and some were more adult so the kids didn't know them. I liked the actors/actresses that would just put a show on in the middle of the street. Really cute! It was our 1st time at Disney and for fastpass, you have to swipe your tickets for every person. One fastpass does not cover the whole family.
I went here when i was 13...ive drank alot since then and my memory aint what it used to be... However one of the defining moments of my life occurred when i rode the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. Ive been very secretive about my obsession with the Twilight Zone for most of my life.  I would sell my body for the 28 DVD Definitive Collection.  Or i could just save the 2-hundo ... we'll see. Even at such a young age i had this obsession with the TZ.  I dont know why...i relish in the irony, the Orwellian undertones and the general social commentary on a society that was just embarking on the path of the military industrial complex that would come to change our lives. But back to the ride.  It kicked major cajones.  Every memorable TZ moment shot out at you in hologram form....the kicker being the black and white Rod Serling projection that was A-MAZING-ly most rad. By the time the free fall drop hit, i was already incoherent from all the nostalgia and dont really remember that. But that could be the memory loss talking...
MGM has now been renamed to Disney Hollywood Studios in 2008. There are two great rides here, Terror Towers and Rock and Roller Coaster with Aerosmith. Dont forget to get fast pass tickets for the bigger rides!
My favorite rides are: 1. Star Wars 2. Indiana Jones 3. Tower of Terror My favorite shows are:   1. Beauty and the Beast  (mini-version of the Broadway show) 2. Journey of the little Mermaid Least favorite thing about the park: Overcrowded and the 50s Diner.  What's up with the waitresses?  Are they acting or are they supposed to be rude?
Ever wanted to be in a movie? well this may be the closet you will get , with movie scenes such as dancing in the rain where you can stand under a umbrella and take your photo . this park is great to visit. MGM is now known as Disney Hollywood studios. it's another great florida park!
Ehh, I hate to give anything Disney- affiliated, anything less than four stars. We arrived on friday, the first day of Star Wars weekend, which was okay.  I mean, i'm not a ginormous fan like others but whatever.  So this meant that it was busier than I would imagine it normally is. We got there right at opening and ran to the new ride, Toy Story Mania, which was AWESOME by the way.  But once we got off the ride, the line was already an hour and a half long!  So I recommend getting to the park about 45 mins before the park opens so that you can be one of the first ones on the ride.  We also rode the Rockin Rollercoaster, the great movie ride, the tower of terror, and the behind the scenes tour.  We didn't bother riding Star Tours or watching Muppet 3D vision, seeing as that we have done both hundreds of times here in cali. This park got very crowded quickly, and there is not much walking room like EPCOT has.  We were done seeing everything we wanted to see by 1130am, so we ended up leaving and relaxing at our hotel, but we had to be back for dinner reservations at 5pm at Hollywood and Vine.  We didn't stay for fantasmic, so we gave our priority seating away. I would probably suggest coming to visit this park during the middle of the week, but if you had to come on the weekend, make sure that there isn't an event going on... OHH it was also gay day here which made it even more busy!
Now named Hollywood Studios. Loved the Tower of Terror ride, the Movie Ride was a nice gentle ride which was also interesting. Liked the Sci Fi Cafe, you dine in a car in a 50's style drive in cinema showing old B movies. I would suggest staying for the show they do in the evening, I like it is called something like Fantasmic, you have to get there early to get a good seat because it get's full quite quickly, but it is well worth the wait.
There's really only two reasons to come to MGM. Actually, one and a half. The first is the Rock N Roller Coaster. It's a cheesy Aerosmith themed coaster, but it's pretty fun. Too bad they slowed it down once they officially opened the ride about 8 years ago. I was at Disney when Aerosmith was in town to open up the new ride. Before it was "officially" open, however, they were letting park guests ride it. This was awesome because most people didn't know about the ride, and those of us that knew about it didn't think it was open yet. The line was relatively short for the first couple days we were there. I'd say about 30 minutes. The coaster was smooth and quite fast. Then, Aerosmith threw a concert, and the next day, viola. The line was huge and the coaster's speed had been dialed down. Bummer. Anyway, the other half-reason to go here is to see how freaking lame the Tower of Boredom, er, Terror, is. Why do people like this ride? The whole point of a free fall ride is that you can see everything around you and, thus, have a much better indication of how fast/far you are falling. In the ToT, you can't see anything. It's pitch black. I'd have just as much fun going to the Sears Tower in Chicago and riding the elevator to the top floor and then back down again. This ride is stupid.
The best ride in this park is toy story. My husband and I had so much fun with that ride could have rode over and over
I am an off the beaten path kind of guy.  Hollywood Studios is not far from the path but it is different.  I enjoyed my visits.  This is perhaps one of my daughter's favorite parks.  Maybe because she can do so much here.  The Stunt Show was phenomenal!  You can really feel the heat...literally.  The Indiana Jones stunt show was good too.  My daughter's favorites are Nemo (the musical) and Beauty and the Beast.  The Honey I Srunk the Kids park was fun for my daughter too..ok I had fun in there also.  Star Wars fans would like the exhibit, my daughter is scared for life and runs every time she sees Darth Vader...oops.   Overall, this should definitely be on the list.
This was truly entertaining and worth the wait to do it once.  You then want to do it again as you will believe you can beat your previous score.  Truly enjoyable!!!
This was the last park we visited of the four we had the opportunity to see on our trip. And to be fair, we had the least amount of time in this park than any of the others. We came here after dinner at Boma and drinks in the Victoria Bar, so that should explain why. This park deserves a much closer look on a future visit. As we arrived, we just barely made it on the last ride of the day for the Studio Backlot Tour. Like the Universal Studios Tour of a similar name, this ride through the filming area was on a much, much smaller scale. We were told that we would not get to see some of what is normally on the tour (some stunt and fire segments) because they are not done after sundown. Makes sense, but you miss a lot. Interesting museum at the end with much Hollywood and film industry stuff to read about and see, but we pretty much had to skip all of this. My friend rode Tower of Terror (not my thing at all) and was mixed on whether this, or the same ride at California Adventure, is the better one. She didn't find this one significantly better; just different. Fantasmic on the other hand I could not even categorize as the same show  Disneyland does. This show has an entire area just for the show. When we reached the end of the long pathway we arrived at an enormous amphitheater built around an elaborate stage surrounded by water. This show had everything; fire, water (incredible fountain sequences), princesses of course, boats, boats and more boats, stunts, and song and dance. And if that wasn't enough, throw in some fireworks too. The animated movies shown on screens of dancing water will hypnotize you just watching them. You must see it! The crowd was fantasmic as well. There must've been 500,000 people in this amphitheater! I joke, but seriously; it's ginormous, take my word. And while this show was off the hook fabulous, and I would never have missed it ; getting out of there was a fantasmic traffic jam. Two ways in equals two ways out; and this many people cramming to get there all at once had me thinking fire and safety hazard. If you're claustrophobic, be prepared for this - wait until everyone leaves before you, then go. Other than that, this was my favorite show from this trip to Disney World, with Lion King a very close second. I'd definitely go see this again; with a little better planning on my part.  WOW! That was pretty much all we had time for, sadly. Would love to revisit here. I love the streets that are all replicas of their famous namesakes. Disney does the replica thing so well; all of the buildings and details could take hours to explore. While this park is pretty small compared to the others, there was much to see and do here, no mistaking. Would love to have been able to dine at the little Brown Derby restaurant, or one of the other cute places. We never got near Rock 'n' Roller Coaster but I hear that's a real blast too. My travelogue says I'll be back here again for sure. I can't wait!
Visted this park and had a decent time,however I wouldn't go again .I like universal studios better .
It may now be called Disney's Hollywood Studios, but it will always be MGM to me! It's been a while since I've been to MGM...err DHS, probably not since one of the first years the Tower of Terror opened, so I was really excited to see what changes they had made.  As a huge Toy Story fan, I (and apparently everyone else in the park) was hellbent on getting to the Toy Story Midway Mania ride.  The line was pretty unbelievably long, but boy is it worth it!  That and Soarin are easily my two favorite attractions on Disney property and I'd recommend going (or getting a fast pass) immediately.  We missed out on Fast Passes after arriving at DHS around 2pm. In addition to Toy Story, you also have the Rock 'n Rollercoaster which is a great all around experience.  I'm surprised no one had thought of music on a rollercoaster before as it really added to the feel of the ride.  Tower of Terror is also a classic, but it has obviously plummeted in popularity.  We walked up with no line at all around 4pm. DHS also has one of the best nighttime shows of all that we saw during our time at Disney.  Fantasmic is just stunning with video projection, fountains, pyrotechnics, and just about every Disney character ever participating either in the story or on boats floating around.  Definitely not to be missed if it's playing while you're there.
Love Hollywood studios. Rock n Roller coaster is a must. I'm personally scared to death of Tower of Terror but my family always makes me go on it. Everyone else seems to enjoy it! The back-lot tour is cool. We actually volunteered to be in the film demonstration which was nerving of course but ended up hilarious! If you're in Disney, you MUST go to Hollywood
