This place is amazing.  Thomas is a godsend.  It was by far the best massage I have ever had in my life.  HIGHLY recommended. Yep, I signed up for the membership instantly after such an awesome massage. The FD employees are great and Kathy is an awesome manager recommending me to try their services after a very bad experience at their competitor, Massage Envy. I was a member there for 2 yrs and they have no Idea how to treat their customer when there is a concern.  Hand and stone will be with me for a very long time.  I can't wait to try a facial and massage.
After previously reviewing this location, I decided to give the membership program a try. With a stressful year at work, it was a "be good to me" decision. Without the membership, I'm sure I wouldn't go once a month -- honestly, I wish there was an every-other-month option -- so it's quite an indulgence for me. But the monthly membership does save about $20 per visit, and I haven't felt any unnecessary upsell pressure (add-ons, longer services, etc.) beyond that. With the membership, you get one massage or one facial per month, and I did give a facial a try once (hey, it's already paid for, right?), but only because I was a member -- and that's clearly the ploy here. Sometimes, though, it's been hard to schedule one treatment per month, mainly due to my own schedule. However, they have told me they only book appointments on the hour -- so I can't leave work at 5, stop by here and still be home by 7. If you miss a month, you can roll a treatment forward to the next one, something I've only done once (e.g., the facial previously mentioned). Also, this fall/winter, I've had a couple of instances where the therapist called in (hey, I get it, it happens), meaning I had to reschedule. I still enjoy Hand & Stone, though, and it's an indulgence I may have to continue into 2014.
This is a great little spa. I got back and forth between them and Massage Envy. I love there services but I wish they had more locations then they do. I have to travel across town in order to get to them.
I got a facial with Anastasia. It was great & the massage was very relaxing :-)
I've been coming here for years and I've never been disappointed!! I have always come out relaxed, rejuvenated and satisfied. Great customer service, great price for members and great staff.
Love this spa, they have great personnel. Have a membership and have been going for 2 years now.
Experienced more pain after massage.. not sure if this was a result of the muscles loosening up or because the massage just wasn't very good.
Really relaxing!
Friendly therapists, great massage. Love the atmosphere. I got my eyebrows done as well - clean, gentle, reasonably priced.
