I am surprised that Relache doesn't have better reviews. I enjoyed my experience there from the moment I walked in the door until I reluctantly left. I was promptly greeted and was given a tour of the Women's Lounge area by a lovely, informative worker. I was provided with a robe, slippers, and locker key and told to help myself to the different amenities until my appointment time. I definitely recommend arriving much earlier/staying later than your appointment to make use of all Relache has to offer. Close to my appointment time I was moved to "the tea lounge" which basically offers 4 varieties of organic hot teas, fruited water, and trail mix in a calming environment. It really is the ultimate relaxation experience before your service. When it was time, my esthetician came to get me from the tea lounge and took me to my private facial room. The service I selected was the 50 minute Tranquility Facial ($150). It certainly is very pricey, but it was a wonderful experience. My esthetician was informative and professional. She also achieved the perfect balance of being friendly and engaging in conversation while still allowing me to relax. She gave me several pointers about my skin, as well as wrote down several recommended products at the end of my facial. The facial itself was pretty straight forward and relaxing. I loved the products she used and actually ended up purchasing two of the productions for me to use at home. Following my facial I was taken back to the Women's Lounge, where i further relaxed in the steam room and rain shower. Use of all the amenities are available the entire day of your service and are included in the price. The spa is open 8am-8pm so you could really hang out there all day! If you just want to use the spa amenities without purchasing a service then you can buy a day pass for $30. Amenities include: -Tea lounge -Robes, slippers, and lockers -Eucalyptus steam room (this is wonderful! The entire spa smells like eucalyptus as a result of the steam room.) -Sauna, which features dry heat instead of the humid climate of the steam room -A small lounge outside the steam room and sauna, complete with iced wet lavender infused towels and fruited water. -Rain shower (this was a highlight for me! I had water coming at me in every direction and it was wonderful! Despite there being printed directions I still had to ask for help starting the shower. Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash from Relache's spa line are provided). -Area to get ready, complete with necessities and hair products. I couldn't recommend this place more. I was apprehensive if I would be disappointed, especially with paying such a high price, but it was all I could have hoped a spa would be. The staff was attentive, the environment lent itself to ultra relaxation, and I left with a very healthy face! Tip #1: If you are a hotel guest you get 10% off products in the spa store. Tip #2: Get parking validated the day of your service (normally $18-$24).
I've been in Orlando for three years now and have been searching for a go-to spa for days when you need some extra pampering. This is a close contender- I was very impressed with the staff, service and amenities. I arrived very close to my appointment time, so I was not able to enjoy the sauna or tea room but saw they offered fresh fruit and beverages while you wait. There is no alcohol offered here, which is the only fact limiting the spa to a four star rating. That, and the fact that I think the robes could be a bit plusher. Although the super-comfy gel slippers they provide almost makes up for the robe situation. Upon my arrival, I was whisked away to the changing room and immediately began my first service, the Tropical Island Glow. After that, I enjoyed their Signature Facial. Both services were fantastic and the aestheticians were knowledgeable and highly skilled. They are revamping this spa in the Summer 2010. I'm excited to come back and see the changes - I think it is great now so I can only imagine!
My boyfriend and I decided to take a mini staycation at the Gaylord, and while he was golfing, and since the weather was not pool worthy, I decided to book a massage. The booking process was easy, and since I called around 8 AM they were able to get me in for an 11 AM signature massage. I went 30 minutes early to take advantage of their steam room/sauna and do a quick rinse in the shower ahead of time. The massage itself was good - my masseuse checked in with me on pressure, etc. and he was very professional. The spa host and woman who checked me in/out were all very friendly and helpful. For the cost of the massage, I would say that it's pricey; however, the showers there are awesome (umm...think lights and all kinds of options on the rain shower head, body sprays and normal shower head. Heaven!) - and the fact that I could come and go all day after my session, was really convenient. I would definitely come back again, to take advantage of the spa amenities.
Omg! I have a 50 mins massage today & i add the stones & scalp service too, because i love to pamper me.  I told them at the reservation that will be my first time visit there, so i wanna have the best massage therapist & the best massage too. I like to feel the pressure in my massages, I like to have varieties on the scent oils & more. Not even arnica, thats a must even at massage envy. They have only one kind. The don't have the hot patch for your back at the end of the massage. Believe me, my experience wasn't good. He did ok, but not quite what i ask for. Also, the spa facility don't have jacuzzi, steamer, private pool, no restaurant. Also, the waiting area is very poor. No varieties on fruits, no wine, no champagne, no cucumbers for your eyes....  If you wanna have a real massage & unique experience. Must visit the Ritz Carlton Spa. Close to Seaworld. It's kind of 6 miles away from Gaylord Palm and it has it all. That's a real Spa.   Very disappointed with the facility & service! The only one who was friendly was Gabby. Also, I paid $162.00 vs $125 @ Ritz, which has better service, better facilities an awesome staff!!!
Decided to check this place out after a long day of studying for the bar exam.  A break was much needed!  I went for a massage, the 'canyon ranch massage' to be exact, which is their fancy way of saying you want a simple swedish massage.  Well, turns out my back was totally fucked (i've been slaving away studying over a desk all summer) so instead of giving me the 'canyon ranch' my masseuse surveyed the situation and gave me a deep-tissue massage instead- and at no extra charge!  Plus the masseuse totally knew what she was doing and made the painful experience (working tension out of a back is not relaxing!) as enjoyable as humanly possible. I added on the scalp treatment for $20, but it totally wasn't worth it.  It consists of warm oil being poured over your scalp/hair followed by a 2-3 minute scalp rub.  Felt good but not outstanding- i'd much rather have put the money towards a different pamper. The robes the spa provides you with are plush and comfy and the locker facilities are super nice. Everyone is very professional (minus the teenage girls in charge of checking you in and out) and the atmosphere is nice- think western luxury motif meets spa. The spa wasn't super luxurious but was a class act. I especially enjoyed one of the many waiting waiting rooms- a women's tea room, which was equip with various teas, magazines, plush sofa chairs, blankets, and an array of fruits.  After my massage I kicked back in there for awhile, snuggled under a blanket with my Earl Grey, read a magazine, and forgot all about the fact that there was an actual world outside. FYI- 10% Discount  to Florida Residents...Pretty Sweet!
plush robe, check.   comfy slippers, check.   steam and dry sauna rooms, check. individual digital controlled shower rooms with a multitude of spray jets, check and woo hoo!   pleasantly surprised with the spa as I was disappointed with the hotel/resort in general.  spa staff were friendly and professional.  my masseuse, Marie, was great.   make sure to arrive even earlier than usual to take advantage of the amenities and enjoy a snack in the tea lounge before and/or after your treatment.
I did not get the massage I ordered, and I can't begin to explain how disappointed I was by that. I called ahead, knowing that I'd been to a different Relache Spa in DC, and it went well, and the spa that used to be in this location was fantastic.  I ordered a deep tissue massage for me, and a Signature for my husband.  Evidently, no one believed that I indeed wanted to get this massage, despite confirming it on the phone.  He was given a firm, deep tissue massage, and I was given a Signature.  At no time was either of us confirmed for the massage we asked for by either of our attendants, because either of us could have mentioned what massage we were getting.  He was sore for he next two days, as he doesn't like firm massages, and I desperately needed one, and it was so soft, I got nothing out of it. I was so disappointed.  To boot, I'd requested an additional treatment for my feet. Anytime, I've received one of these treatments, they extend the overall treatment time to fit things in. However, instead, I got a 30 minute soft, weak massage with the masseuse talking the entire time, so it couldn't have been relaxing either, and 20 minutes of a foot treatment.  I was pissed. They also don't let you pick how you tip. It's automatically included as a 20% upcharge on the cost. I will not return here.
Service in the spa was delivered correctly. Smooth and seemless. I got the on the go package, for 149. A good idea when you travel to a new place. Choose a sampler package, that isn't a huge investment. This way your not tied to one service, and you get to experience different treatments and technicians in the spa. I had a 25 minute massage, a 25 minute facial and an express pedicure. I asked the massage therapist to give me a deep tissue massage if she could, even though we had a limited amount of time... she delivered. Next was the express facial.  This isn't always my favorite, because its really only slathering product on, no extractions. But, the bed was cozy and the products, Eminence smelled yummy. The pedicure was excellent, quick, chairs are superb, Sparitual polish. I would say for 150, and use of the steam and sauna, this was money well spent. The staff was friendly, polished and professional.
Can't say enough how amazing this place was! Price was up there, but compared to what I would have paid in SoCal it was an amazing package price. From the fantastic massage to the fully accommodating spa, it was a feast of relaxation for both my new wife and I. It also appeased the geek in me with the all digital multi-shower head system. Simply put, it made me lust for the Kohler $35k system. If you are out in the Orlando/Kissimmee area this place is a MUST!
Very very nice.  Everything is excellent quality, especially the showers.  I received the deep tissue massage during a conference from Joey and hands down one of the best massages I have ever had.  He's 3$ a minutes but oh so very very worth it.
Their basic massage is 50 minutes of bliss. Coupled with use of the sauna/steam room, it was 2 1/2 hours of relaxation. Great friendly staff never tried to up sell me on anything and were incredibly helpful.
The Canyon Ranch Spa is the best of the best in terms of spas. This is the jackpot. Every time I visit my parents in Florida, I make sure to take a trip here. The experience is pure bliss. It is reccommended that you show up a 1/2 hour earlier from your appointment time, but I prefer to go a good 45 mins before. You get very cozy shower gel slippers and the softest, plushest robe I have ever felt. It's like wearing a cloud. You can shower there in one of the state of the art shower stalls which has numerous jets and tempertaure settings. Very nice. Then you can relax and warm your muscles up in either the wet eucalyptus sauna or the dry wood sauna. I love both personally. Then when you are throughly cleaned and warmed up, you can head on into the tea room. It is a dimly lit logue of comfy couches. Fruit, nuts, ice water and a variety of tea are displayed and you may freely partake of whatever you want. I like to have a cup of the orange tea and some fresh strawberries. Then when you appointment time comes, your masseuse arrives and escourts you to your room. The masseue here are very professional and very good at what they do. They are patient and informative and really take the time to figure out how make your treatment as best of an experience as they can offer. When your treatment is over (and by now you will probably be reduced to having become a gurgling pile of goo with how relaxed you will feel), the massesuse escourts you back to the tea room, where you are free to have more tea and fruit if you choose (it is reccomended to drink some water after treatments, usually a glass or two).  Then you may return to the locker room, and are welcome to use the shower or sauna again. There is no rush here. You could spend all day there and no one minds or tries to rush you. Relax as long a syou want. The added touches of this spa, with the tea room, sauna and fluffy bathrobe really make this place stand out above any other spa I have had the pleasure of visiting. That along with the calibur of the service and facilities... you will simply not find a better spa.
My experience at Relache Spa Orlando at the Gaylord has to be teh worst spa service I've ever received.  I've been to the Relache in both Orlando and Texas and the Orlando span has to be teh least appealing of both.  I scheduled an 80 minute Relache massage and added the hot stones as and extra service.  The masseuse had a blah personality and instead of massaging me, she just kind of rubbed me; it was 80 minutes of nothing.   Her name was Marie and each time she asked how I felt, I didn't respond after asking her a few times to please massage me, at least touch my pressure points instead of just rubbing oil on my dody; $258 later all oiled up and nothing.  I'm a regular spa goer and I know massages.  When I told teh front desk attendant, Bonnie, she said Marie told her that I'd asked her to apply a little more pressure in certain areas but she didn't feel it was appropriate since I didn't ask for a swedish massage.  Therefore she knew I wasn't pleased but it didn't matter to her nor to Bonnie the attendant at the front desk, that's becasue they automatically add a 20% tip to your bill.  Bonnie didn't even offer to do anything, she didn't even apologize for the bad service.  As far as I'm concerned it's not worth the money spent and the service was horrible, if there was a zero rating that's exactly what I'd give it.  I'll never go again and I definitely won't take my clients, ever again.  (Henrietta H,)
