I signed up for the Spa Serenity Package (which is a GREAT deal) and I'm so happy I did. It started with the foot treatment which was nice and then I received the facial. My racialist was AMAZING!!! She did such a great job and my skin feels so good. Then on to the paraffin hand treatment which I also enjoyed. Finally I received my massage from Gino and it was the best massage I've had in a while. He has very strong hands and his techniques really worked my muscles. I'll definately be back!
Vivian's Spa was recommended by staff at the Sheraton Vistana.  I really needed a massage and it sounded better than just going into the single massage room at the Sheraton.  I had high hopes as others Yelpers had rated it 4 stars.   I guess you get what you pay for... I arrived 5 minutes before my scheduled appointment and found the reception and hallways completely empty.  Called them while in the reception area and left the phone ring for a while to see if anyone would come out of any of the rooms.  Nope!  I almost of walked out of the place thinking it was not really a "place of business", but I didn't as I was desperate for a massage.  Finally, a lady came out if one of the rooms by the reception area and saw that I was standing there.  She didn't come to me, instead she just asked from 20 feet away if I had spoken to anyone yet to which I said no and she just said someone will be with you and kept walking away.  So first impression is that this place is unprofessional.   And it really isn't a "Spa".  A spa is supposed to make you feel relaxed and have a nice ambience to which this place did not provide either.  All it is, is a bunch of rooms for the services and a set of chairs I the hallway where you wait to be called for your services.  The chairs are not soft and comfortable. They're the same kind I sit in at my nail place.  The place is brightly lit, so there no sense of serenity until you get to the rooms where the massages and facials are performed. So I had booked the Spa Serenity for $110.  It comes with a 20 minute foot massage, 1 hour massage, 1 hour European facial and hand paraffin.  Their website boasts 2:40 minutes of services.   My 3pm appointment didn't actually start until 3:15pm.  No apologies for keeping me waiting for over 20 minutes.  They didn't have things lined up for me where they knew who was doing what and when.  So they decided that I should get the foot massage first.  The first woman had me sit in one of the raised chairs that had a water container.  I have to say that her foot massage was nice and she didn't speak through the service, so I finally felt more relaxed.   After the foot massage, it was a few minutes if waiting on one of the chairs until they figured out that the weren't quite ready to give me a massage or facial, so they bought themselves time by doing the hand paraffin next.  All it is, is they have you put your hands  what looks like a crock pot filled with wax.  After dipping the hand in, they wrap it in plastic wrap and then slide it into a mitten.  They had me sit in a chair that had a massage like to ones you could buy from Brookstone on it.  It had one setting.  A few minutes later, the lady who was going to do my massage came to take off the hand paraffin and then I walked me to the massage room. The was dimly lit with the same music playing in the hallways.  She asked me a few questions so that she could know if I had any medical conditions or areas she should focus on.  The Swedish massage was ok.  At least she didn't talk through the service, so I felt more relaxed.  Afterwards, she handed me a cold bottle of water and I waited in one of the chairs again in the brightly lit hallway.  What I didn't like about the service is that she didn't use hot towels at the end to wipe away the lotion/oils used during the service, so I felt sticky after the service. Lastly, the third lady came to do my European facial.  This was probably my least favorite of the services.  The facial itself was ok.  The products smelled good and my skin felt so soft after it.  It was she did during the service that bothered me.  The lady kept talking and asking me questions through the service!  I shouldn't know that she used to be an EA in NY, but changed her career path and that her cousin works for KPMG.  And that she had 2 family members that luckily survived 9/11.  She started to make me feel upset and depressed at the same time.  Who does that during a service?!?!  I should've have asked her to stop, so maybe I'm partially at fault.   I was done by 5:30pm.  At the end, I still gave them a $30 tip because it was so cheap, but like I said, you get what you pay for.  Next time I'm in the area, I'm going to spend more for $ less services at a nice hotel spa.  You know, the ones with saunas, spa water and wonderful ambience. I took away 3 stars because of the ambience, or lack thereof, the fact that they kept me waiting 20 minutes before someone actually greeted me, and e fact that the one lady kept talking through the service.
Was the best full body treatment that I have ever gotten.  Everyone there was very profesional but also very personable.  It's a little hard to find but they stayed on the phone with me right up into the parking lot and then they were even nicer in person.  Definitely planning on making this a destination spot every time I come to town.
I took my wife for a spa day and decided to go with her and get a massage as well. We had a great time very relaxing, super nice staff, and great service. Both of us had fabulous service.
Me and my boyfriend were vacationing in the area and were wiped from the theme parks so we decided to have a nice relaxing spa day and after searching the area and the Disney resorts spa reviews we decided on vivians because of their reputation, reviews, and the serenity package they offered. It is a bit hard to find and they aren't always at the front desk to answer the phone so make sure you research where it is prior to going or call ahead of time for specific directions. Once you arrive they are very accommodating offering water bottles and giving you time to settle in and begin your relaxing experience. This was by far the best massage I have gotten yet so make sure when you go you ask for terra! The facial was soothing and I even dozed off to sleep for a bit. Foot scrub and hand treatment were great and my skin was soft for days. Just what I needed after walking all the Disney parks and universal! I would definitely recommend this place for anyone new to the area ready for a calming and rejuvinating experience!!! Excellent :)
I guess it all depends on what you're looking for when you go to a spa. This place is located in a really weird tourist area and a little hard to find. But they make effort with the inside decor which makes up for it. But who cares when you see their Spa Serenity Package! 110 for an hour long facial, massage food treatment and parafin had treatment. Skip one day at Disney and come here. I have never been able to shut off my thoughts in a spa until I came here. Three hours of pure heaven.
The spa deal on their website currently for $110 includes an hour massage, an hour facial, foot scrub and massage, and paraffin wax treatment for your hand. After about 3 hours, you walk out feeling so much better. The 5 star is for the service and expertise from the staff. I really loved my massage treatment from Ashley. She was very thorough, professional,  had strong hands, listened to me when I asked her to work more on certain areas and to be careful of other areas. If I lived here, I would definitely go back to Ashley. The spa decor was ok. Don't come here expecting a world class plush spa. The walls were pretty barren, the shelf space a little too large for the less than ample amount of product and the tile flooring made the place seem a little cold. But it was all clean. If it wasn't for the great price on the package deal and how much I enjoyed Ashley's massage, this place would have gotten a lower yelp rating due to the location. The location is super random. It's situated in the middle of this super busy touristy, kids game filled area called Old Town. I think if their website drew out a map and put some photos of how to find them in this maze of other stores, it would help greatly to put a newbie who saw the nice website and made an appt to find it easier. I think they might do well with the drop in crowd, of tired parents who are taking their kids to ride rides and want to take a break to get a massage. It's great that all the busy outside noise is drowned out once you go inside by the nice mellow spa noise.
This spa is tucked inside "Old Town" (a tourist trap if I've ever seen one). I had the hot stone massage, a foot treatment and parrafin hand treatment. The massage was very good. Dean was very responsive to my particular needs and areas of tension. The foot and hand treatments were very pleasant but nothing to write home about. Things I liked:  good massage, good prices (the serenity deal is great if you like facials, which I don't), friendly staff, pleasant, tastefully decorated waiting area, hot shoulder wraps while waiting, clean waiting and treatment rooms. Things I didn't like/that were a little bizarre:  It was very difficult to find for someone not from this area. When I called ten minutes before my appoinment (when I was close but couldn't find it) to get more specific instructions, nobody answered the phone--make sure you ask for directions when you book the appointment. Also, for reasons I don't fully understand, they lock the outside door so you have to wait for someone to let you into the building. When we came in, there was no receptionist and one of the therapists just asked us if we had an appointment. No "Welcome to Vivian's" or any of the usual niceties. That whole thing was quite odd.  They were apparently running behind on this day so we had to wait for a good thirty minutes before our treatments. During the treatments there were occasional disruptions from sound through the thin doors so it wasn't always peaceful. If we hadn't had so much trouble getting there and if we hadn't had to wait for so long, I would have given them a higher rating, but even then they wouldn't be a five.
This day spa was amazing. Visited it on my Christmas 2010 vacation in Florida (we're from the DC Metro area) with my mother. Both of us were in DESPERATE need of a relaxing, muscle loosening massage, seeing as we work 13+hr work days on our feet. Both of us booked 1.5hr massages at 9:30pm (LOVED the fact that they offered late hours, the 1st spa I've encountered doing this!) I had a male therapist, which was my 1st male-given massage, while my mother had a woman. This was probably my 5th or 6th massage....yet I was a little leery just having a male for the 1st time. Let me tell you...he eased my worry....he was AMAZING and very Professional. When both my mother & i exited our massages, we felt refreshed & rejuvenated. We both get very tense muscles, mine to the point of ensuing migranes...both therapists did a wonderful job working these muscles out. I slept like a baby that night! The area the spa is located in is a LITTLE ODD, right in a tourist area with many shops & amusement's, so when walking up to the spa my mother and i were a little worried...but it was wonderful regardless. they make great effort & succeed with providing a soothing serene atmosphere...i could only tell i was at an odd location when i entered and left. I honestly wish i could live by this spa so i could visit the therapist regularly, he was my favorite ever! Highly HIGHLY recommend, so glad my resort concierge recommended this spa. they even gave us free little facial packages to try at home since our resort recommended them, what a perk....when in the Kissimmee area i WILL VISIT AGAIN! :)
This day spa is beyond amazing! I went here the summer of 2009 for my graduation trip along with family. We did get lost though its between a lot of shops and businesses. Which is fine because who doesn't love shopping. But I called the spa and the manager told me exactly where it was located. He's very sweet, great personality and very helpful. When you walk in your greeted by the sweetest staff. It's very clean and simple. I got the 120 minute hot stone massage by DEAN. My sister got a facial and my grandmother received the spa serenity package. I've had massages previous to visiting Vivian's. This by far was the best experience ever. It was like I was on cloud 9 the whole time. I'm going back to Florida in two months! I can't wait to go back :) P.S. Their products that they sell at the spa are great! I purchased the skin care products and I love them.
Went in for a massage on a girl's weekend away. I got stuck with the new guy, which wasn't the best of news to hear upon arrival, but I understand why he was at the top of his class. He was excellent! The decor of the place is very sparse & it seemed a little odd to me to be located in Old Town, but the service received was excellent. I knew I was a little nuts with my attempts to schedule this on a Friday evening when we would be driving from Jacksonville, but the staff was super nice & very accomodating considering my faux pas. I don't know if I would seek them out again; I rarely stay in the area, but I would definitely consider stopping in if I happened to be in the surrounding area.
Although the place is clean, it just doesn't have the traditional luxurious (removed from your surroundings) spa feel. It is much more similar toa nail salon. There is really no barrier between the front lobby/reception area and the area where some of the treatments take place (foot massage, paraffin treatments). If it is a busy day you can hear people walking in and phones ringing. Some extra decor, fresh paint and lighting could bring this place to the next level. That Said, the prices are really affordable -- so basically you are spending money on treatments instead of ambiance. I had four treatments as part of Serenity package at $110. Facial: my facialist was Sara and she was lovely. Very nice relaxing cleansing and the products used smelled natural and were not too "mediciney" or harsh on the skin. Paraffin hand treatment: my husbands hands were ultra soft and inviting after this. Nuf said. Foot massage: good short massage focused on pressure points in feet and some vibration from their hand held massager Body massage: they offer an overall body Swedish massage with the Serenity package. The masseuse was attentive, but overall massage could be improved with better room supplies. They do not have heated tables and there is only one thinnish blanket to cover you. This may not bother some, but I am sensitive to drafts.
Visiting this spa was a great way to spend a hot, humid, afternoon in Orlando. I was on a few day getaway with a friend in Orlando and we decided we wanted a little pampering. Found this spa on the Internet saw the spa deal which included an hour long massage, an hour facial, a paraffin wax hand treatment, and a foot massage for $110 and decided to try it out. We had trouble finding it because it was located in a section called 'Old Town' which had a bunch of shops and no parking right next to the salon. Several phone calls to the salon for directions went unanswered. We didn't have an appointment so when we arrived they told my friend and I they could take us in 45 minutes, and when we came back 45 minutes later, we were both taken almost immediately. Everybody on the staff was really friendly and professional and I really enjoyed the massage, foot rub, and facial. My only very minor complaint was the paraffin wax treatment, they had me dip my hands only once; most other places have you dip it three times. The lobby was neat and comfortable, but definitely not what I would call plush. I did buy some spa products which were shipped to my home quickly with no shipping charge. I would definitely come back to this spa for some more pampering next time I am in the area, the staff is friendly and welcoming and the value cannot be beat.
We had facials and massages. They are very knowledgable and friendly. Excellent customer service. My skin looks great. I would definitely go back. The prices were very reasonable.
This place is better then what you would expect. I have been passing by it for years thinking it would be a shabby, not worth your money experience all because of it's location, inside Old Town amusment park. For 110.00 (+tip) I got an hour massage, an hour facial, a hand dip treatment and a foot massage.  These people are highly proffessional and very good at what they do.   I would highly reccomend going here, it goes above and beyond your expectations.
Love this place. Hands down the best deal in town with the serenity package. The staff is great and facility clean. Always try to go when we come back in town. Highly recommend
My husband and I did a couples massage here. I had therapist Sue - she did a great job! Customized to my personal needs. One of the most relaxing and beneficial massages I've ever had. Would definitely return next time we are in town!
My birthday present this year was the Serenity Package offered by Vivian's Day Spa.  The spa is located in Old Town Kissimmee which we frequent at least twice a year.  Old Town has a lot of new shops and restaurants and it is located all on one strip.  I was worried the spa would not live up to my expectations given the location; however, I was delighted to find that the inside of the spa was very soothing. I was greeted by a lovely lady who sat me down on a heated chair and provided a heated neck wrap and water (both were replenished throughout my trip).  Though the spa had quite a few other customers, it felt relaxed and un-busy. The package included a foot massage, hand treatment, Swedish massage and facial.  Ashley (please ask for her when you go!) was remarkable in that she was friendly, obviously likes her job, warm and not too chatty.  The massage was wonderful and I felt very relaxed.   The facial was my first so I don't have much to compare to however it was lovely and felt great. The package was at a great price and there wasn't a lot of pressure to buy up or buy products. The spa is clean and on my trip, a lot of the LMT were men so request in advance is you prefer a female LMT like say Ashley. Would love it if they had a sauna and other services as the hand treatment is ordinary.
After reading the reviews on here I was very excited to try Vivian's day spa as I live very close by, so I booked in for the serenity package . I feel like I went to a completely different place to what other reviewers have talked about. I lay down for my massage on old sheets that literally had holes in them and the massage itself was mediocre at best. The lady that gave me the facial spent the entire time trying to sell me products. The pedicure foot bath was dirty and I actually asked them not to complete it as I was worried about the lack of hygiene with the tools being used. I have never had an experience like this in a spa and I was left extremely disappointed. I really was hoping this spa would be as good as the other reviews make it out to be, but sadly that just isn't the case.
A Girl friend and I went to this spa together. They don't change the sheets between clients.  My message therapist need a bath. He smelled like pee and when I was first greeted by him he was covered in sweet. I was so groused out by it. I just wanted to run for the hills.  They have great package deal. This place doesn't even have a spa feel to it.
This place is awesome! My bf and I got couples massages. Very relaxing way to start off our vacation. Definitely check out their website. It's very helpful. Swedish massage $65 for an hour. They also had a special posted on their website. The staff is friendly and informative. They let us know what spots to hit up near us. :)
I can never come to Orlando without comimg to Vivian's and holling at Rob and the crew. Great job Anthony, Bernadette and Tara
Very reasonably priced for the service.  Decor and ambience is pretty bare, but the service is friendly and professional.
I was visiting Disney with a friend early June  - the first day was monsoon rainstorms and we were unsure of how to occupy our vacation.  We found Vivian's Day Spa online and boy, were we pleased with what we stumbled upon.  The value could not have been better - $110 for 2.5 hours of spa services!  The staff was fabulous and professional (Rob, Jacob, Ashley, and Sara).  The services were well worth the cost.  On top of that, Sara gave an awesome facial and recommended Sothy's products which have completed transformed my skin!!  I would highly recommend this experience and I will be visitng again on my next trip to Orlando!  Thanks Vivian's! :)
My family and I were on vacation in Orlando and i was looking for a reasonably priced spa to go to.  We found Vivians on the web and decided to try it out.  My wife and three girls opted for the Serenity Spa special and I went for the 90 minute massage.  The place is in a really wierd location and our Nav system failed us miserably.  But thats where the bad experience ended.  The package included a massage, facial, parafin wax treatment and we decided to add a foot massage as well.  What a great deal.  The place was clean, quiet and understated.  The therapists were very friendly and did great work.  A great experience and a great value for the price.  If you are in the area, check it out.
