The key to having a great massage experience at Massage Envy is to know what to expect and listen to the advice of the reservationist, it's their job to know how to match you with a therapist that can provide what you are seeking. Here is one of the most important aspects to keep in mind; Massage Envy is a massage clinic and not a Day Spa. While the clinic is nicely decorated, clean and relaxing, it is not designed to offer you the amenities of a Day or Resort Spa.  This clinic has a variety of Therapist with varying amounts of experience and training in different modalities, so let them know what you want in a Therapist. I have been a licensed therapist for over 10 years.  If you are not sure who to choose for your first visit, ask for me.
I went in for a appointment that I had made apparently there had been a glitch in the system and my appointment had been canceled. They had been open for an hour why didn't they call if they needed to cancel my appointment? Instead it's when I arrive. Later in the day they called back and offered to add an enhancement on to my massage. At this point I didn't feel like rescheduling. A few other things that have been issues. 1. you can't transfer memberships 2. If you get someone to join you don't get there referral unless they sign up at your home location. The massages are ok but nothing to write home about.
What I like about Massage Envy is that for $49 a month you can get a good massage/facial.  If you stick with it and use it, it's a good deal.  For me the easiest way to do that is to schedule my next appointment at the end of the visit.  If you're getting both a massage and facial you can't beat the combination of Crystal and Nadia.  Nadia can do both massages and facials, but Crystal is so good with the massage I couldn't give her up.  Do not expect your massage to last the entire hour.  The massage is about 45 minutes.  They give you time before to disrobe and after to get dressed all within that one hour.  If you do get both services back to back, they let you stay in the same room.  Overall I feel it's a good experience.  It's no day spa, but I do come out more relaxed.
Honestly disappointed. This was my first massage but I have gotten facials before in a spa and you can definitely tell the difference between a chain and a real spa. Apperance: my boyfriend and I went in and it was just a room with the middle door opened up to make a big room. Which is fine. All there is in a room is a bed that looks like it can be used for mobile massage. And it really wasnt even comfortable to lay on. Not plushy at all.  The carpet was pretty old looking and the room isnt decorative at all. No candles, inscents, dim lighting, waterfalls, aroma nothing. Its simply a bed. (The real spa ive been to had dim lighting, beautifully decorated, a small waterfalls running, calming music, aroma very serene) The massage: Sandy was great. Does a wonderful job and will tailor to your needs. My boyfriend had Bibi who he said was good as well. But unfortunately I did not leave feeling very relaxed. I was also cold during the massage because the heating options on the bed was broken so I had goose bumps the whole time. Sandy was very apologetic for this and got me another blanket but it doesnt help much when your skin is exposed. Time & price: We got our intro price massages for $49 each which is a nice price. We got there at 1045 as instructed to do paperwork which took 5 min. Went to the bathroom then waited a while. We got in the room at 1105. The massage probably started around 1110 and end at 1156. Another disappointing aspect (Suppose to be a 1 hour massage).   Really... the only good thing about this place is the friendly staff. If you want something nice & relaxing find a true spa. You wont regret it. This place is more like a massage factory.
Don't go to Massage Envy. The massage therapists are good but you feel rushed out of the room at the end of your session. The front desk staff are hopeless. My last appointment started fifteen minutes late because they gave my file to the wrong therapist and it took forever to resolve. Today they called to confirm an appointment except they were calling for someone else, different names, different appointment times. The only thing we had in common was our gender. I had to call them to insure I still had an appointment. As soon as I use up the sessions already paid for I'm never going back.
Unfortunately, couldn't get past the front desk and manager.  When I first called the girl who answered seemed to try to help, but then left me on hold for 21 minutes and never checked back until I hung up.  When I called back they were closed for I left voicemail for the manager to call me and explained briefly about the hold situation.  No one returned my call.  Poor customer relations had ended up making appt. elsewhere
$49 for your introductory massage to their club is a good deal when you're short on time and don't have a Groupon/LivingSocial coupon in queue. We were able to phone in our reservations for a couples massage the day before and request two female masseuse that fit our availability. The location is very easy to find, and there is ample parking available. I really liked their facilities - clean, professional, soothing, relaxing, but not over-the-top spa-zen-like. The masseuse were very knowledgeable and asked the right questions regarding pressure. tense areas, what you're comfortable with. Although they have many locations throughout the US, I did not sign up for their membership because massages are a luxury for me, and I only go once or twice a year. It might be a good deal for someone else.
Carl - Thank you!!! Great Job!!!  Now regarding the usage of the membership...if I pay for it I should be able to use it as I see fit..meaning if I want to take my mate with me because I have prepaid 12 visits then so be it.  DO NOT Tell me I can not share this experience...
I was sooo lucky when I went to Massage Envy and got Tom! He's amazing! He dos a combination of different kinds of massages and he really listens to me. They did a wonderful job matching me up with someone who could give me the kind of massage I wanted. I'll be going there for a long time if he sticks around!
Today was my first time at Massage Envy in general. I was very pleased with the prices because I love getting massages but we all know that can get pricey, especially at resorts. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable regarding the products. This location is in the beautiful Hunter's Creek neighborhood close to my apt. I really liked how clean and well kept this spa is. I'm glad I made the investment!
This location is very modern with the relaxation room they enter you in after checking in.  I have had several of the therapists and Mari gives the best facials.  The cost there for facials is $59.  Massages are $49 and Kat gives the best massages - if something is bothering you let her know.  She worked miracles on the  neck and back.  I subtracted one star for some of the other therapists that were not that good.
I went in for my pre-wedding facial and had the clarifying enzyme facial. First off, the receptionist, Suzanne, was very friendly and helpful with making my appointment and explaining the paperwork when I came in. I didn't have to wait too long for my esthetician, Michelle, to come get me. She was amazing as well! She really took the time to talk to me about my concerns and what I wanted to get out of this visit. She also explained everything during the whole process so I wasn't left guessing as to what was happening to my face. I've had facials done at more upscale spas and while there is a definite difference in quality, the facial I had here met my expectations and was perfect for what I needed. I don't have any major skin issues so I didn't need a deep exfoliation/extraction, just a basic upkeep and maintenance. And of course, the price is definitely more affordable than most spas. Thank goodness it was my first spa visit and I had a gift card that my MoH had given me a while back so that helped a lot, budget-wise. I didn't sign up to be a member at this time due to wedding expenses eating up my funds, but I would probably consider it in the future.
Called and booked an appointment for the next day. Receptionists are very friendly and informative. I ask for a deep tissue massage and for it to be focus mainly on my neck, shoulders and back area. When I arrived the next day, and they did tell me to arrive 15 mins before my appt so that I can fill out some paperwork. Once I was there I was greeted by the entire staff and they were all smiling and happy. They gave me my forms and once I was done, they told me that my masseuse will be working on the areas I requested! It feels go to have someone that's listens and understands what customer service is.  So now onto the massage ...... Once in the room the table can be heated or cooled depending on my needs, it also goes up and down to help the masseuse apply the right pressure. My masseuse was Judi, she was great at listening to my needs and got the knots out perfectly. She even stretched me out when I mentioned how I also like Thai style massage. She helped me stretch out my lower back and legs. Then she worked out the tightness on my shoulders and the knot in my neck. Then she mentioned that my gluteus needed work too and ask if I mind if she work them as well. I gave her the green light and boy did she give them a work out. It was getting painful at times but once she was done I feel like a new person. I was feeling like I was walking on air when I left the place. Now the best part was this all costed me only $39 for the hour!!! Since this was my first visit that was the introductory price and if I wanted I could sign up for an yearly membership. Since I was here on business I didn't partake on it. They didn't push the membership on me. Great place and employees!!!!
