I own my own MMA gym and am a BJJ black belt myself - and I can attest to what an awesome instructor and competitor Master Roberto is!  Him and his team are top notch.  I've trained with Roberto many times and have made the trip from Miami to his academy in Naples.  He and his team are proven champs.   Off the mats, him and his crew are ladies and gentlemen.  Roberto and his wife Katy (who is an instructor and awesome competitor herself) are both Ivy league graduates from Cornell, very smart people, and they take a lot of pride in sharing the qualities and principles of success with their students.  If you are in the area, I definitely recommend visiting Third Law BJJ.
I've been a student of TTL since 6/2012. I work from about 8-7 Monday through Friday and I make sure no matter how tired I am I get to class from 7:15-11:00pm 4-5 days/week.   The team here is great. There are people that train casually as well as world champions.  I wouldn't give up training here for anything.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.Lao-tzu, My journey started a little over for years ago with people thinking I was crazy to drive an hour one way to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Yeah it was a drive from Cape  Coral! But it was so much more for me! I made the drive religiously to first learn self defense (I was a sheriff's deputy). Second I needed a place to unwind and relieve the stresses of the day. It was impossible to leave after training and not feel uplifted by the energy of the school, its students and coaches. Being ignorant of what martial arts was and had to offer I completely lucked out meeting Roberto Torralbas. It wasn't just about fighting or "self" defense, but self improvement, self control, self discipline, and on and on. Saying that I was a little bit ignorant of what martial arts was I thought it was only for a particular type of person; you name it. Tough guy, someone that's athletic. You probably have ideas yourself of who usually does BJJ and MMA training. Everyone in our world is in need of self improvement and and a challenge. In these past four years I've had the pleasure to training with everyone from college students to professions whose child also train at the school. And it's these people; our "team" that makes the training what it is and what we are able to accomplish together. From first time student of the martial arts to coach and international competitor its be a journey I never saw for myself. I've traveled the world competing  in a beautiful martial art and done things for myself I never thought possible......thank you Master Roberto. If the thought of doing martial arts has ever crossed your mind make that first step. - Coach Joe
Roberto has a passion for BJJ that comes through in his classes. Whether you want to get in shape, defend yourself, or be a champion, Roberto knows how to connect with you on the right level. If you are interested in BJJ and in the area, Third Law is a great training environment.
As I signed into Yelp to check-in at Third Law Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, I got an award for "Gym Junkie." This was very exciting for me because even though I always wanted to go to a gym and get healthy; there have always been three inherent problems with going to the gym. First, I could never find the right partner(s) to keep training with. Second, because of busy schedules, I couldn't coordinate my time with someone else to go with on a constant basis. Third, I always find myself not having a good time and looking at all the other peacocks showing off their feathers didn't help either. However, Third Law always shatters those three problems with a normal gym. First, there are always great people training at the dojo, so there are always partners that are there and having a blast. Second, no need to coordinate my time with anyone because the staff and clients are always passionate, helpful, and willing to work with everyone no matter their level. Third, no one struts around like they are the cream of the crop. Not only do the clients care about helping each other but the coaches instill in everyone the understanding that "in order for us to reach our goals, we must help someone else reach theirs." Not only do Roberto, Joey, Formica, Katy, and Rachael love the sport, but they care about making sure that everyone who walks through their door also have the opportunity to fall in love with the sport as much as they did. Third Law BJJ has me and my family hooked for life. Thank you Roberto and team!
I started training at the age of 19 years of age at Third Law Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai Kickboxing. Since that day my life completely changed. Now I am 23, I went from being a skinny kid who could get beat up by a girl to a Panamerican Champion, but more importantly I have an extended family at Third Law Bjj. I am currently a coach at the school something I am very proud off. If you are young and want to find a coach that will give you his heart and dedication to help you achieve your goals, Roberto and his team will. Thank you TTL for being a family to me.
Team third law change my life also my daughter we feel very honor to be part of this family thanks
Joining the Third Law family is by far the best thing that I could have ever done in my life. After my first class I was hooked and definitely eager to learn more. Master Roberto and the team third law coaches make you feel right at home and are so dedicated to teaching you the most highly detailed BJJ techniques and helping you accomplish whatever goals you have for yourself. I can honestly say that ever since I started training at Third Law BJJ back in August its been a complete life changing experience... Its an honor to be apart of this family. Third law is like a second home to me just like it is to everyone else who goes there.
I trained all over the world with some of the most famous grapplers such as de lariva, Andre galvao and more... Ricardo is one of the best coaches if met and has an amazing level in his team. Moreover, I was amazed by the hospitality and kindness of all the people involved, all without forgetting humbleness and respect. I can't wait for the next time I'll be in the area so I could come train again! Thank you so much!
