My son loves coming here to explore and play.  I'm thrilled to let him learn and have fun.  It's slightly less good than Young At Art on the other coast but it's still good.
Excellent children's museum providing us parents an option for our kids to let off steam.  It is well thought out with different themed areas for kids to entertain themselves while being educational at the same time. Plenty of spaces for the parents to take a seat, but I would say the only shortcoming is that there is no way to prevent the kids from running out the front door.  If there were some type of containment system, then it would be a lot more relaxing so I don't have to follow my kids non-stop.
We had a great time with our 16 month old son. Plenty to do both indoors / outdoors. We will certainly be going back during future visits to Florida.
Great for young kids, lots of stuff to get your hands into. The fishing was popular, there is a maze, a fun grocery store where you can grow your veggies, take them to the market and then scan your own food to check out.  Outdoor water play, a small theatre with shows and an upstairs Toddler section for the tiny ones. Just opened, not as big as some other cities but definitely done with class and quality, "Very Naples".   You cannot bring your own food, there is a snack area but very limited in choices. At least it is healthy to an extent. $15 an adult, worth a few hours of family fun and educational. Clean, new, friendly experienced staff.
This is a great place in Naples for the little ones. Great exhibits for toddlers and youngsters alike. Sit back and watch your child's imagination grow!
A little pricey, for a 3 year old and two adults, thirty dollars but worth a couple hours of play time for the little girl on a rainy day.  Could have spent more time if we would have gotten more into the arts and craft elements. Low rating only because have experienced other children's museums in bigger cities that had to offer more to keeping the adults entertained.
Great place to spend an afternoon.  With three boys ages one to ten.  They all had a great time.  And so did i. It runs $10. Per person. But worth it.
Great place to bring the family! My kids love this place and are usually upset when we leave :(
By far the best kids museum I've been to. Bring lunch and eat outside by the art building.
interesting new childrens museum now open near the water park... lots of interesting exhibits...and hands on things to do for kids... (speaking of kids--dont people teach their kids manners anymore??????) it has a small cafe..not much of selection unless your an earthy crunchy hippy.... so for a nice way to kill a few hours with the little kids....check it out..
Kids love it, but really nothing to brag about.  The amount of money they probably spent on this place could have been allocated better. It is basically a giant Playmatters toy store!  The outside areas are very nicely done though, but in the humid Florida summertime it is not ideal.  Not quite sure why an adult and a child pay the same admission price.  Thought this would be more of a learning experience, not paying for my kids to play with a bunch of toys!  Spend your money at the older Imaginarium children's museum in fort myers.
Great place to take my niece and nephew when they come to visit.  They really thought of everything! Love how most of the exhibits have educational value as well.  I do wish that you could bring packed lunches, but the cafe does have enough options for a quick snack for the kids if needed (although expensive).
My 17 month-old son loves this place.  We have a membership and come often.  I cannot wait until he is old enough for some of the bigger exhibits.  Good place to let kids run around and explore.  Basically a giant playground.
Brought my 6 yr old and she absolutely loved it. It is a smaller children's museum but it is done nicely and a good spot for an afternoon. With a $10 admission it is affordable too.
