Team Fike approved!!  A must-stop when visiting Naples. Try to make it here for happy hour which is from 3-6pm daily. It let's you sample a bunch of different offerings for $6 a plate. Must try's: Conch fitters, tuna tartare, mussles, and the key lime pie. Any of those will make you give up sex forever (or at least a day.)
From reading all the reviews raving about this place, I definitely had to try it out especially since it was also a fish market. The ambience was really nice and very relaxing. Though the service and portions were great, I felt like the food missed it's target. Let me start but saying that I would give this place another try. I do not write a place off after the first time.   Out of everything that we ordered, the best thing were the hush puppies. Probably a bad idea by me to order the fish tacos but they had no pizzazz to them. The chipotle sauce could've had a bit more of a kick and the fish itself could've used more seasoning. We also ordered the captain's platter. The scallops were too too soft and the grouper was forgetful. If both of them would've been just a bit browned/baked, it would've made that much of a difference. Going to the dessert, key lime pie. I absolutely have no doubt in my mind that I ate pie, but key lime, not at all. It didn't have any tartness to it. I literally used some of the pulps that were on a lime slice and integrated them into each bite. Again, I would give it another try one day.
This business has a great selection of fish.  I had the swordfish prepared broiled with garlic and herbs.   The price was $22.95 with a salad, and vegetables (squash) and starch (potatoes).   Very kid friendly, and basic kid menu items (pasta, burger, beef hot dog, etc...).  They gave frisbee's to the kids (hey... Nice touch for the beach).   Also, has a small market attached to purchase about 20 bottles of wine ($15 - $45 range), and frozen seafood items (escargot, calamari, etc...) and refrigerated items (smoked fish spreads, etc...) also even a couple pieces of chocolate candy and salt water taffy bags.   Worth the stop and price range is good.
Yea this place is awesome.  Almost got the 5 star rating.  One of my favorite places to eat in naples.
Found this restaurant through our hotel guide. Typically I avoid the suggestions of the hotel, but she picked it so we decided to give it a try. One word, FRESH! .....Everything was incredibly delicious! I mean Everything! Starting with the amazing hush puppies with homemade honey butter, to the shrimp cocktail. The happy hour special was 6$ each, worth every penny. For the main course I went with the Blackened Chilean Sea Bass w/ Baked potato which I devoured! I left nothing on my plate. The fish was fresh, soft, seasoned perfectly. She ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese which was stuffed with Lobster, they're definitely not skimming on the lobster. Spectacular! I didn't have room for their Key Lime Pie, but next time I'll pace myself. The service was perfect! Dorothy was very friendly and attentive. The restaurant itself is a fish market with plenty of seating and a nice decor. Do yourself a favor and try this place.
Seafood very fresh, high level of quality. The hush puppies were great as well. Key lime pie was better than expected..really nice, not over the top sweet. Service very good
Randy's has it right.  Casual atmosphere, inviting to all ages, great beers, good wine, good for kids and adults and grandp s. Gator bites are a must for the kids (taste like chicken); hush puppies are wonderful (nothing like deep fried bread); more than a dozen fresh seafood choices prepared four different ways. A definite stop when in Naples Cheers
This place really knocked my socks off! We started with the conch fritters which were delectable, and the wine our server recommended was a perfect pair. For dinner I ordered the sautéed tripletail...out of this world! Two others with me ordered broiled tripletail and the captain's platter. Everything was phenomenal! I loved that you could order any of the fish they sold fresh at their market, then choose how you wanted it cooked and which sides to go with it. You can literally get everything your tastes desire! 5 stars all the way!
Found this place just driving by. Not much to  look at from the outside but the food was pretty good, service was outstanding. Not cheap but worth the visit.
So fresh & good! Nothing fancy or pretentious here, freshly caught - as in "today" & clearly prepared with attention to honoring the flavors of the sea. Friendly service  & good prices!
So, the place seems really good at first glance. The quality of the food is decent, but more like bar food. Fish Tacos-Meh! Lobster Mac n Cheese- more like kraft velvetta mix,with lobster chunks. Fish and Chips-OK. Dries were like bad Burger King fries. All in all, would not go back.
Very good food. Love the environment. Dorothy was a great sever. Fish tacos are not to be missed. Happy hour looks very promising as well.
When dinning out in Naples, our 1st, 2nd and 3rd stop is always Randy's.   We look forward to each trip to Randy's; great food, exceptional Key Lime pie and the people are pretty good too! Randy's/Naples, I will be back in the summer of 2015 (God Willing), and my first stop will be Randy's.
Drove past it on the way to a resort so doubled-back for a quick bite. Saw 4-stars on Yelp so I was very encouraged. Overall this did not live up to its potential. The good: Great storefront, seated immediately with a smile, great dining area and the service was swift. The bread served at the table was the best part of my meal. The bad: Probably my bad for ordering fish tacos but they were poor at best with way too much sauce dumped on the top. The salad and sides were fine while the signature key-lime pie was nothing to boast about. Again, it felt right walking in with so much potential but simply fell short. Give it a try and order something different than the fish tacos.
Great little restaurant with plenty of character. Recommend mussels and crab cakes as a starter and fish tacos. Food is fresh and tasty, good service and reasonably priced.
Great happy hour, good gazpacho and raw oysters. Amazing Chilean sea bass. Service was on point! Lobster gazpacho, grouper fingers, garlic steamed mussels and yummy oysters. The best happy hour we have found in Naples, it's always our first stop!
Have seen Randy's on our travels so many times, so we finally decided to try it for dinner.  The restaurant has such a nice feel to it and has a fresh fish market inside as well. The clam chowder was only good, we tried the Ipswich Clams and found them to be cooked perfectly on the outside, but with little flavor and the bellies were not juicy at all and that is kinda essential if you like this dish. Sadly we left disappointed and will probably not return, we were so hopeful that it would be amazing.
Okay, so normally this is a great place to eat. But not today. We got here around 6:30pm and I ordered a dozen of oysters and like ten minutes later the waitress came back and told me they were all out. So I then ordered the tuna appetizer,  which was extremely fishy and gross. That was it for me. My husband ordered the tuna platter twice,  the first time it was over cooked and the second time it was just plain out fishy. The Manager then came over and asked us what was going on. He tried to remedy the bad taste in our mouth, but too no avail.  Just wasn't a good time at all.
Thank you Randy's Fish Market Restaurant. I walked here 8 blocks from my home to enjoy Stone Crab Claws. I have never been to Randy's before, but I look forward to being a regular.  The claws were sweet and cooked perfectly.I also ordered the seafood gumbo. It had a hint of tomato, and a little more thyme that I'm used to, but I liked it. Thanks to Melissa for the complimentary Key Lime Pie. She heard I was a Randy's virgin. The pie was the best Key Lime Pie I ever tasted, not to tart with a good balance of sweet.
I was near Naples recently on business, and some of my friends raved about Randy's, so we headed there for lunch. It was a late lunch, made even later by the crowd, but I'm so glad we stayed and worked through our issues. I get the impression this place is crowded any time of day, and it certainly was on a drizzly Saturday afternoon. We ended up sitting at the bar because it was going to be such a long wait for a table, but I'm not sure if that was a decision that helped us from a time perspective. The bartender was dealing with a full bar, handling drinks for the entire restaurant, and was acting as a waitress for the tables in the bar. I'm not sure if that's a normal occurrence, but if so, Randy, get that woman some help! I ordered a bloody mary, which I did not realize came with one of the OMG shrimp. And seriously, OMG. I thought the idea of a shrimp that large would freak me out, but it tasted great. The bloody mary itself was also very good. I split some clam strips and scallops with a friend, and both dishes were great. The hush puppies were wonderful as well, and we finished those before we even touched our fries. Some of my fellow diners were a little disappointed to find that what they wanted to order was either not on the menu that day, or not available. I do appreciate their dedication, however, to keeping everything fresh. The atmosphere was perfect - just casual and comfortable. My friends always head to Randy's every time they are in the area, and I will have to follow their lead when I go back!
It's a keeper! I only had one thing on my mind when planning for my Florida trip.   GROUPER!!  Good Grouper.  I enjoyed the restaurant very much.  They also have a small store onsite, and a counter to purchase fresh fish.  I like it!  We must've gotten here at a good time, because I heard there's usually a line or a wait.  Thankfully, we got right in,  got taken care of, and were laden with yummy fishies!  French fries and coleslaw were crispy and crunchy - perfection!  Happy to know there's a "go-to" place for when I return!
Our first stop in Naples when we drove into town yesterday. My wife and I both needed to eat, and I needed to watch some Olympic Hockey. We satisfied both needs for sure :-) We found two seats at the bar right in front of the tv. Started out with conch fritters which I thought were excellent, def better than the ones we had at Harold's place on our last visit. I liked also that Randy's has tarter and cocktail sauce that looks to be homemade and in abundance...two giant plastic dispensers that they leave out for you to take as you please. Here's my slight issue with Randy's. The place looks great and it looks like a market when you walk in, as they have fresh fish displayed through the glass like you're at a market. However, I thought the our entrees were just a bit bland. The grouper sandwich was a decent size piece of fish, but they pretty much just threw it on a bun with some lettuce and tomato. Fries looked to be frozen perhaps, def didn't look fresh cut. It was just a bit pricey for $16. My wife had the fish tacos, which was better than my sandwich but a bit weird they put shredded cheddar cheese on it with the cabbage and avocado. Good place, not great if probably go elsewhere with all the choices for seafood in the area.
We went to Randy's just to purchase their orange juice and key lime pie, and those two are probably the best orange juice and key lime pie I've ever had. The orange juice is 100% freshly squeezed and comes in half gallons for only $3.99.  That's cheaper than Tropicana at many places!!!  It has a succulent taste to it, as if you just bit into an orange, but it's not overly sweet.  I really wish we had this orange juice in Chicago! Ok key lime pie.  I normally am not a fan of key lime pie, but one bite of this, and I fell in love!  It has a graham cracker crust and a very light, tart filling.  At the restaurant, you can order it as a single slice or you can just order the entire pie.  The best deal is to just purchase the pie at $11 (I think) rather than a single slice at $5 (you are going to want more than just one slice).  I already can't wait to come back for this pie!
Inexpensive, considering Naples restaurants are pretty expensive. Great little seafood shop along one aide of the restaurant, offering fresh seafood and a store up front selling their seafood dips and wine. Food was fantastic! Martinis were yummy but weak, so I would sick with the wine and beer menu unless you don't mind that!
We were visiting Naples for a wedding, and this place was recommended. It was pretty loud and crowded the night we decided to go.  After we checked in we sat in the casual bar area and people watched.  Very interesting mix of all age groups having a great time. We were called to sit down and soon a person came to ask for our orders.  We all decided to have the fantastic drinks from their menu.  I ordered the margarita, and will say that it's one of the best I have ever had.  It had a good tequila, Don Julio, I think and some Cointreau, lime juice and mix.  It was fantastic--not the overly sweet margaritas you get in some restaurants.  This tasted like a margarita!!   I ordered crab cakes along with a sweet potato and some fresh sauteed veggies.  I was a little disappointed with the crab cakes, as they were somewhat on the salty side.  However, they would have been just perfect otherwise.  I looked over at an adjacent table where a man had ordered the stone crab claws, and I wished that I had followed my first inclination to order them.  He said they were fresh and wonderful. My friends were all pleased with their orders-- we ended up ordering the Key Lime pie, because it seemed so highly recommended.  Well, we weren't disappointed.  This was the most tart, creamy, yummy  pie I've ever tasted. Yes, the next time we're here, Randy's will be on our to-do list.  I recommend the establishment  highly if you're hungry for the freshest seafood available.
Delicious good. We had the seafood gumbo, coconut shrimp, and mahi sandwich. All were good and would definitely come back.
We arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night out of season.  We got a table within five minutes, though it took about ten minutes for our server to come over.  Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, and patient and helpful.  I ordered the fish tacos with red skinned potato salad, which was incredible.  They are served with lemon but really should be served with lime.  My husband ordered a fried tripletail sandwich with French fries.  My husband loved the sandwich and the cole slaw, but the French fries were pretty typical.  Price was right.  Great service, good food, great experience!
Eeeh!!!  I would actually give this place 2 1/2 stars but I chose to error on the side of bad food.  This place used to be one of my family's favorite places to dine in Naples,  but the last time we ate at Randy's we were very disappointed with the service AND the food.  I had the blackened Mahi and it was so rubbery I could barely finish it. The steamed vegetables were ok, but nothing special.  This was the consensus with everyone else at my table.  Sadly, the only good things about my whole meal were the mojitos and the complimentary bread.  I expect A LOT better quality for the price we paid and the time we waited for our meals!
We are here in a large group, arrived at 5pm beating the rush, and were able to take advantage of happy hour. Seating was a little tight for 8 but we made not work. The waiter was professional, knowledgable, engaged.  My order was not completed on time and I had to wait, it happens, no big deal. I didn't complain, but they still took my meal off the bill. I made it up in the tip.
Finally tried this place after knowing about for several years. I live in Fort Myers, which isn't right around the corner, so I have been hoping that something in my neighborhood could offer up some good seafood. After being disappointed with what was close, I decided to try Randy's. Delicious and fresh are the words that come to mind. And....oh, yes, worth the drive. Calamari app was perfectly fried with homemade sauce. I had the Halibut special served on veggies with a delicious champagne sauce. My husband had the captains platter with a Bloody Mary and was happy with both. Even the kids pasta was a hit with our eleven year old.  My only negative was the key lime pie needed just a little more key lime juice. I am a native Floridian from Key West, Florida, and no stranger to this dessert. I  seem to find most restaurants lean toward a more bland tasting key lime pie. Not for me! Our friends ordered the carrot cake and were pleased. Overall, we will be back.
Very fresh seafood selection. Good key lime pie but you HAVE to get the sweet potato fries. They were the best I've ever had! Service was good and the atmosphere very comfortable. I had a blackened grouper sandwich and if recommend it.
Time two here on our week vacation because it's suuuuper good and the service is awesome!!
Wow, what a great surprise.  We were lazy and didn't want to travel too far so just pulled off at Randy's.  I ordered my safe fish n chips - but this was no ordinary fish and chips - it was extremely fresh and moist and there were several different types of fish.  The conch fritters were fantastic as was the conch soup.  Hubby had the tripletail fish blackened and again it was cooked to perfection.  Highly recommend Randy's!  We will definitely do it again next time we're in the area!
Tried to have dinner there but it didn't work out.  We chose to be seated outside since there was no wait.  No wonder - it was filthy.  We were seated at a dirty table next to an open cabinet with bags of unidentifiable garbage and stacks of plastic bins used to carry dirty dishes.   And, it turned out that our table was "unassigned" so nobody came to bring drinks or take our order.  The hostess was of no help so we left and will never return.
Terrible key lime pie. Sold in box and made with lots of processed ingredients. Unsure how or when it was voted #1. Major disappointment. Wish I would've looked before paying $10+ for a crappy keylime pie.
Came here based solely upon the fact that I wanted key lime pie. The crab cakes were absolutely fantastic and the sauce they came with was a great accompaniment. The gator bites were pretty good although I was skeptical about using BBQ sauce as a dip. Overall the food was fantastic, however I'm still on the search for my key lime pie because their version was too sweet for me. I like my pie to have a real bite to it. The only qualm I had with the service is that it took quite a while for our server to check on us after receiving our food. I had asked for a side of sour cream when I ordered my meal which did not come. Took me quite a while to get it. I would definitely visit here again if for nothing else but the crab cakes. Mmm.
Randy's rocks! Don't squander $ to eat on the bay or at one of the touristy places downtown unless you're more concerned with ambience than you are with the quality of the food and its preparation. You can order any fish either fried, grilled or blackened to taste. The veggies and salads are fresh and abundant. The slaw is great, with maybe a hint of pineapple. Randy's is also a fish market and I don't think I saw a farm raised fish in the display. This place is the real deal - fresh, well prepared and reasonably priced. I believe this is where the locals go.
Visited the restaurant back in May, and boy were we in for a treat!  It was lunchtime and we were starving. There are plenty of chains, so we were looking for a more local spot.  Pulled up just as the place opened - and took a look around before sitting down.  The decor is fun, fresh and just what you would expect in Florida. The fish display smelled like fresh FISH! Ordered the plantains to start - yummy! Then we both tried the fish sandwich. Sweet Potato fries and that sandwich were just what we anticipated - AWESOME!  The server even let us try a piece of the key lime pie "on the house" .... and it was a special treat for us "northerners" who don't get that sorta thing back home. Early lunchtime was a great time to visit.  We will be back on our next trip down south to visit Grandma .... no doubt about it!
Staff rude and lack attention to customer. Food is so so. Many better places in Naples.
Randy's was everything I dreamed it would be and more. The fun and tacky decor was just perfect. There is a real fish market in the front and they also sell some great local products, as well as their famous key lime pie (among other desserts). After hearing about the colossal shrimp that hang off their delicious bloody mary's, I had to try it for myself. No exaggeration, these were the biggest damn shrimp I've ever seen. We also tried the coconut fried shrimp (YUM) and the fish tacos. The lunch portions were more than generous, which was probably not wise before a beach trip, but I digress. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes, including the famous key lime pie.
We stopped here for lunch.  No waiting.  Our lunch was very good.  I started with the Randy's Famous Bloody Mary.  For my lunch I ordered the fish tacos.  Very nicely presented with beautiful fish pieces. The service staffs are friendly.  The Key Lime Pie was delicious.  Their little market has the best coconut cookies that so moist and delicious. The owner said it was a Florida thing.
This place is delicious! We bring all of our out of town visitors here. If it were on the water, it would be the perfect Florida restaurant! There is nothing pretentious about this place, just good, fresh fish, nice service, and AMAZING key lime pie! I have taken the key lime pie frozen to several family gatherings, and now the phone calls begin coming weeks before to see if "the pie" is coming! Well worth the wait!
Super yummy. Had the Shellfish salad. Tons of seafood on it. Perfectly prepared. Nice portion size and great price. Friendly and casual.
Ok Randy... Gave you another chance. Thank God Season is waning!! Much better tonight... Conch fritters yum. Potato encrusted salmon really good and the wedge with Blu cheese pretty awesome. But the wait-guy really surly. U r lucky i didn't ask your name! Is it 'cause we didn't order drinks...i hate that!
Best seafood I've had in a long time. And definitely the best key lime pie in the south!! We will be making this a regular stop when we come down to Bonita Springs. Thanks for a wonderful experience!
I and my friends have a early dinner at this restaurant and it is really a great experience. Must go there between 4-6pm. There is a happy hours and the price is really friendly(almost half). Sea food there are fresh and tasty, but I hope they can serve sashimi as well.   The only thing bother me is the environment. Though it is far way better than most fish market but still need to be improve as a restaurant. There is some small insect flying around.
My favorite fish and seafood restaurant in Naples. Un-missable! I always want to buy every dip and bisque and chowder in the store. I stay away from fried food in general so can't comment about theirs, and I can see service could be slow during rush hours. In season, or even late season, be ready to wait for quite a while for a table.
Seafood and key lime pie is awesome. good prices and great service. I loved their crab cakes and they have really good drinks. You can also buy seafood and whole key lime pies, sauces, etc. I will definitely come back and highly recommend this place to anyone who wants fresh seafood.
Great seafood, best fried shrimp I have ever had!!! Super fresh seafood! Best macaroni and cheese I've ever had at a restaurant (I still think my homemade is better lol). My husband had crab cakes and they were great too, with lots of crab. We ordered the lobsta dip as an appetizer and it was awesome!!! We kept trying to stop eating it because we knew we had food coming but we couldn't stop :).  Salad came with dinner and I like to get a house dressing and found out they make all of their dressings in house. I love it when restaurants actually make things in house, so many serve prepared or frozen foods. The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is the "famous" key lime pie. It was good but not famous worthy. It needed more lime flavor and it was a tiny bit bitter. But I highly recommend the fried shrimp!!! Not too much batter and delicious, super fresh, slightly sweet shrimp!!
I'm going to throw you a curveball here. Get the Caesar salad. I mean, yeah, get it as a starter, but definitely get it because it has the lightest, zestiest dressing ever known to mankind. After you get the Caesar, if it is (very, very unfortunately) not crab claw season, go for the shrimp cocktail or the fried fish platter. The fried platter includes a variety of fish which is, in part, what makes it so tasty. Finally, if you come here and do not get the key lime pie - shame on you! (Although, in the long run, does that mean more for me? Hmm... yeah, after second thought, don't get the key lime pie - it's nasty. Sooo deliciously nasty... actually, order it, and ship it to me. They let you do that. And I'm that good of a Yelp comrade that I will TOTALLY take that gross key lime pie off your hands and dispose of it so you don't have to. Really.)
Wow - we found this gem last year when we visited for a week.  We ate there 3 times.  This year we did the same.  The Bloody Mary's are outstanding. Everything we have every ordered has been exceptional.  The Chowder, the Ahi Tuna app, and the Stone Crab claws - great.  The service is great (thanks Dan).  At our last trip there this year, the owners (unbeknown to us...) were sitting next to us at the bar and insisted that we try the Key Lime Pie (they are known for it).  They gave us one to take home.  OMG - it lived up to it's reputation!  Wow!  Thanks again!
Hush puppies are best during their Happy Hour. The rest is just ok, nothing more, especially for the prices. Go during lunch. There is a market and indoor/outdoor seating. They fixed up the entry, it is now a little store and indoor waiting area. During season, we can't get in, there is always a wait. Scallops were disappointing, room temperature. Fish sandwich was ok, Nothing spectacular for the price. We come just for a change of scenery, but nothing demands our returning. Probably will return again, next year. BTW, check for coupons, they usually have them online or in the newspaper.
Love their choices on seafood and there steaks! although they are a little over priced a great place for healthy, and fresh food
Still good but it has definitely changed since Randy left.  Stone crab and Grouper still epic.
I started with their New England clam chowder.  It was creamy (rather than the usual paste like consistency) and actually had tender chunks of clam and potatoes.  Maybe the first time I've had really fresh, homemade Clam Chowder.  A splash of Louisiana hot sauce made it fantastic. I had their Fish and Chips and it was good but I was a little disappointed.  Rather than a batter style fried fish you'd expect, this was done with a light coating that allowed the freshness of their fish to show through.  In retrospect, I realize most places batter this fish dish to enhance a lesser fish.  Randy's has fresh fish and this entrée showed that off.  My "disappointment" aside, I finished every bite and the well cooked fries too. My wife started with an excellent seafood gumbo and moved onto a blackened salmon sandwich with Randy's in house made potato salad.  If you follow any of my reviews you know my "slim" wife generally brings home food.  I was so proud; at Randy's she finished every bite.   She cleaned her plate, so we moved onto dessert. We've lived in Florida for a long time and every once in a while you have to act like a tourist, so we shared some Key Lime pie.  They feature Paradise Pies Key Lime and I have to say it was really good.  I admit it; those tourists know a few things. Randy's is a mob scene in season with often a two hour wait.  But this is a smart operation; if you have to wait (in or out of season) they serve no-charge wine and seafood dip of one sort or another on the outside patio.
Get the fish and chips...very fresh. Didn't love the tacos. The key lime pie is over rated
Like many other reviewers, we didn't even eat on the premises. We went in, grabbed one of their famous key lime pies, and ate it in the comfort of our own home. Now to be honest, I had never had a key lime pie before so I have nothing to compare it to. But I'll tell you this - it was good enough that my girlfriend and I actually ate the whole pie in about 2 days AND went back for another one. It was sweet but also tart. I was assured this is how you know it's quality. We tried it both refrigerated and frozen. I preferred refrigerated, but she preferred it frozen. Good both ways though. My only complaint was the graham cracker crust was a bit soggy both times. I'm not sure if this is supposed to be that way, but I think a crunchier crust would have been good. Stop in and grab a pie. They're very delicious.
Have been going to Randy's for years.. the fish is ALWAYS some of the freshest around.. Randy- Big complaint, and all of your long time fans will notice....the shrimp dip that used to be carried at Paradise before you owned it and when you had it open is no longer the same. The old recipe was thicker, pieces of  actual shrimp, and a wonderful taste. The new stuff is thinner consistency, tastes like less quality ingredients, and not the same pieces of shrimp... new label, new product? keep the new label..but PLEASE go back to the quality old recipe...I would purchase some to eat while down here several times a year and also take some home to Chicago...but not this trip :(
Personally I feel my experience was a 3 but I think with repeat visits it could be higher. The good + Fish (chilean seabass broiled) - tasted good to my unsophisticated palate though they put quite a bit of oil on it... thought that broiled would be less fatty... ah well, guess they had to make it taste good. + Coleslaw that came with the fish entree was good. + Service was very efficient (perhaps too much so... see below) The less good - Service was so efficient we felt a little rushed.  We were in Tuesday morning at about 11:55 and out about 12:35-40.  We were asked if we wanted anything else too quickly "No"... then Bam the cheque came "take your time" yeah right. - Potato salad - pedestrian... too much mayo and not much other than potato-y taste - When asked about which fish was good broiled she pointed out two of the most expensive ones... I'm just saying. - No beer prices on the menu we received at our tables, and no prices on the take out menu... I know premium fish prices can change but beer? Noted: This resto does not show up on Naples searches, despite the fact that its among the most reviewed in Naples and 4 stars.... hmmmm....
Fresh seafood (well it's a fish market, duh) and an extensive menu. They give you a card with a list of freshly caught fish that is available in the market, along with cartoon pictures of the fish so you know what the species looks like happily swimming in the ocean before it is tricked, sliced, and grilled/broiled/sauteed for your carnivorous enjoyment. The waitress was super helpful for this group of snowbirds newly hibernated to the area. The tripletail was delicate and flavorful. The baked sweet potato side came with a little bit of brown sugar. We brought home an entire key lime pie to eat over the course of the next few days, and it was creamy and tart and very lime-y. There is a cozy shop in front that sells taffy and ugli tomatoes and key lime cookies and pie, of course. We came for an early dinner (4:30) and some tables were already occupied. When we left around 5:30, the place was filled up.
This review is only for the key lime pie.  Randy (if that is your real name) you make the best dang key lime pie in the history of pies (when served frozen). The do deliver via FedEx anywhere but I'm not sure about the logistics of importing pie into Canada.  Regardless, a must if you're in the US and a fan of key lime.
We had high expectations for our first trip to this famous seafood restaurant. We went with two locals saving this for our last seafood meal because it was the "best". Upon arrival the small market of frozen (key lime pie), refrigerated products, snacks, spices, various mixes and fresh ugli tomatoes was pleasantly appealing. We were welcomed and seated. Then we tried to read the new menu (only new to the locals). It took four of us 20 min to finally decide what we wanted. It was the most confusing menu any of us had ever read. Just about the time we finally decided, the server told us it wasn't possible to put those items together (to 3 of 4). The server told us many patrons were complaining and the servers were not consulted at all. The lunch pork tenderloin sandwich was taken off disappointing our friends. When we got our food my french fries were cold, the baked potato was so cold it didn't melt the butter. When she asked for a lot of butter the food runner said she could get more from the bread basket. My fried oysters were awesome. Perfectly lightly breaded and served hot. The crab cake my friend got had more filling than crab. The "broiled seafood platter" looked like it had been steamed then tossed into melted butter with no signs of broiling. Lastly her sweet potato was partially raw. Apparently Randy no longer runs/owns the place. May be why we were so disappointed.
I'm from the SF Bay Area and love to come to Naples for the seafood.  I chose Randy's because the cookbook looked interesting and there were a couple of good reviews.  I'll probably not go back, but stick to Swan River. * the ambiance was great * the blues music was great * the waitress was great * the conch fritters were greasy * the peel and eat shrimp tasted frozen, not like the fresh ones at Kelly's * the fried clams were just bland, not bad, not as good as the ones at Swan River Maybe the grilled fish is better at the dinner time.  I was looking forward to a fun time here since it's one of the Naples classic, but I came up short on this visit...
My favorite stop of our trip. While the seafood was very good and the service was welcoming, my favorite surprise was the chocolate-peanut butter brownie! If you are a chocolate fan, this is so good we returned for another one after dinner elsewhere on another night.   You can't go wrong with their fried grouper and shrimp. The grilled and blackened versions were also very good. Probably a 4 star spot, but the brownie was that good!
I loved Randy's. I went on a recommendation from a friend who lives in Bonita Springs. This was honestly the best meal of our vacation. The place is very casual  - store in the back, and a sit down restaurant with attached bar in the front. We were waited on by Katie, and she was very pleasant and knowledgable. We happened to go on a weekday around 5 pm, so we had the happy hour prices of $2 beer and 1/2 price apps - we got the calamari, and I was pleasantly surprised by the breading. It was very crispy and not chewy at all. The kids ordered kids meals - reasonably priced to include a drink (I think they were around $7) - Chicken fingers, fried shrimp, and pizza. No complaints at all. Plus, they are served on a frisbee that you can take with you! Genius marketing scheme, Randy! My husband got the burger, and it looked delicious. He said it was amazing and juicy. I ordered the fish and chips, and I loved that they used a variety of different fishes. It was tasty and crispy and very, very good. Unbeknownst to me, a man (I thought the manager) came out to talk to us, and was very friendly. It turned out to be Randy. He ended up talking to us about local fish, and even gave us directions to Tin City in Naples. After our conversation, the waitress brought over a piece of Key Lime Pie on the house - from Randy. IT WAS AMAZING. Creamy, tart, smooth, and just wonderful. I'd go back in a heartbeat. This meal was the highlight of our trip.
We have eaten fried shrimp at Randy's in the past and came here the other nite to order the shrimp.  As we were waiting for a table, we looked over the menu and were shocked to see the price of their shrimp dinner.  OMG shrimp (4 of the biggest shrimp you've ever seen) was $36.99.  Part of the description  suggested it was for a smaller appetite.  The OMG was our reaction when we saw they were charging that much money for a shrimp dinner.  We left and went to Rhodes and paid $16.99 for a delicious shrimp dinner and saved $20.00 per meal.
Great selection of fresh seafood on the menu,  prepared just about anyway you like it. Price point is artificially elevated by zip code, reputation/popularity, and  'tourist trap' status (aka: attached gift shop).    Equal quality fried seafood can had many other places at half the price. Fast service,  but almost too fast.  Felt a bit rushed. There is a kids menu,  but at $7-8 for a frisbee full of fries and fish nuggets,  the price may be a built in kid repellant. Glad to pay a premium price for outstanding food,  not thrilled to do it for an average (or slightly above average) dinner. Randy's has their iPhone/iPad app,  which is a neat thing for an independent/non-chain (?- I think) restaurant,   but they had no detectable WiFi signal inside.   Seemed odd.
Caution- the incompetent cashier tried three times to overcharge me. I challenged her 3 times before she got it right. Could she be pocketing the difference or simply be totally incompetent? Beware.
Delicious seafood, large portions and great service.  Always walk out of the place stuffed to the gills....ha! ha! Love Randy's
This place was awesome! Went here during vacation for my dad's birthday. I'm particular about trying places that aren't boring chain restaurants and the reviews on yelp made me want to check this place out. The food was awesome with all kinds of fresh seasonal fish, everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection. I did ask for my salad with no dressing and it came with a bit on the bottom of the plate but that was easily fixed by the attentive waiter. We also took advantage of the great monday margarita deal, they definitely aren't stingy about them. They also brought us complementary key lime pie since it was my dad's birthday and even though I was stuffed from a great dinner, I couldn't help but finish a slice of pie. It was so delicious! I also picked up some tasty salt water taffy to take back home to my guy.
I've been going to Randy's for a long time, and keep going back because the food and service are always good. You can always count on a great grouper sandwich and a delicious slice of key lime pie. I don't love the ambiance of the open dining room...it's a little crowded and loud, but the food makes up for it.
Great place to go eat at if you are visiting naples. Try the grouper dip it's great! Cool and colorful beach like atmosphere.
The positives are that Randy's serves extremely fresh seafood.   I make an annual trip to Randy's when we vacation in Naples.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed on my last trip.  I got the fish and chips - which is not grouper (at least Randy is working on sustainability) - and had gristly tail pieces and mushy white fish pieces.  A very unappetizing combination.  Others in my group were not as unfortunate and loved the batter.  It's not an English-style fish and chips - more of an 'island' style. Conch Fritters and Calamari were also A-OK. We got a Key Lime Pie to-go... it is very good.  The Best?  Not sure, but at least they don't put whipped cream and little lime candies on it!
Best hole in the wall seafood place in Naples!  If you are from out of town and don't want to go to the same chain restaurants you can go anywhere this is the place! Great food great service, full bar, very reasonable! We had gift certificates to Flemings, but came back here instead!
We were in town for the IWLCA convention and wanted to stay away from the strip mall eateries we were surrounded by. I had a taste for sea food so we did a quick search and came up with Randy's. Seating was available immediately outside and it was a nice night so we took our little dude outside on the cement picnic tables (with cushy season cushions- nice touch!)  I got the grouper fingers and crabcake sammy, Todd went with the hush pups and salmon sammy. Salmon was respectable- but didn't light him on fire- same for the crab cake- respectable but damp from the grease from however they prepared it. Grouper- GOOD. Hush Pups: GOOD ...and GET THE POTATO SALAD instead of the fries. OHMAGOODNESS. And finally- we always do this...stumble upon a local landmark...GET THE KEY LIME PIE. Get it. It's unreal. We noticed on the way out of the Ft. Myers airport they sell it at some of the stores- it's that good.
You have to try Randy's, it's a great restaurant. They are picky about their fish, we know of a seafood seller who is very impressed with the high standards that they have for their fish. We like sitting at the bar best; the flat screens TV's are big, drinks are great and you can order anything on the menu. Dan is a good guy and great bartender. The grouper is phenomenal! Sea Bass is great too, salad and vinegarette dressing very good. The key lime pie is excellent! We'll be back!
Very rarely has there ever been a time where I have taken the time to review a restaurant, but Randy's is worth the time! The food was FANTASTIC! Let's begin with the food, shall we...the Black Grouper was juicy and fried to perfection. The broiled shrimp was the best I've had in a very long time. We also tried the peel & eat shrimp, which we couldn't stop eating! Yes, they were that good! And for dessert, please don't miss the opportunity to try Randy's Key Lime pie. It has to be some of the best Key Lime pie west of the Mississippi! Have a piece...it's so worth it! Moving on to the service...I have waited tables for over a decade, but our server, TRACY, far surpassed any and all expectations! Prompt, courteous, and one of the most friendly individuals I have met in the five years I have been coming to Naples. The service was out of this world. Tracy never missed a beat!!! If you decide you want great food and service and you head to Randy's, make sure you ask for TRACY. No lie...fan-freaking-tastic! I could sit here and write about the decor, but in fairness...WHO CARES? Decor does not make the restaurant...the awesome food you will eat and the great service you will receive does! Three final words for you: GO TO RANDY'S!
We stop here every time we visit Naples. The food is great and service is outstanding. I try something different every time we are there. I Never been disappointed, plus all the kids meals come on a frisbee to take home.
My family typically spends time in Naples over the winter and I can't believe we didn't discover this place until this year.  My boyfriend and I went there with a gift card on a Thursday evening around 6:30-7:00.  They were having issues with their computers so we waited about an hour or so.  The hostess was really great at dealing with impatient people though most people were in "vacation mode" and were willing to wait.  We nosed around in store where you can buy their lobster dip, grouper dip or a variety of signature spices.   Our server was great and the food was spectacular.  Being from Wisconsin we try to get fresh and delicious seafood as often as we can.  Starving my boyfriend and I both ordered an appetizer; I got the Clams Casino he the oysters.  Both were great and fresh the clams casino was perfectly with cheese and good flavor.   For our main course my boyfriend got the Captain's platter and I got the Lobster Mac and cheese.  My boyfriend got the platter broiled and loved it.  The Lobster Mac & cheese was great wasn't too crispy, it had some bread crumbs on top and the lobster was fresh and cooked well.  However, being from Wisconsin, I wish it was a little cheesier, a favorite place in Minnesota has the best (the Smack Shack), though the lobster was much better!   Overall, my new favorite spot in Naples!
Grouper sandwich moist, fluffy. Fries ok. Gumbo sucked. Oysters delicious. Get the bloody Mary, comes with garnish that is a meal in itself.
We make sure that we eat here at least once reach time we are in Naples.  Fish is fresh and dishes are good.
Our family enjoyed every bite! Jeremy at Delnor Wiggins recommendation was well founded. Thanks Jeremy!
This place is perfect when you are craving that laid back easy going Florida vibe but want great service and even better food.  We came in for happy hour and ordered grouper fingers, clam chowder, calamari, fried shrimp, ahi tuna, and key lime pie.  $2 dollar yuengling beer and the freshest fish we had in our time in Florida.  Great for kids, adults and picky eaters... just be warned you can seriously hurt yourself on this place as every dish we ordered was a home run!   Loved it and had to post my review.  If there is a better combination of great fresh seafood with a relaxed feel I'd love to find it.
I went with about 7 others in my family ranging from a newborn to 60 years old.  The place was kid friendly and the food was very good.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.
Unfortunately, I was really disappointed with my one and only trip to Randy's. Read the reviews, received several recommendations from friends/family and took a chance. Walk in and the hostess was less than pleasant. She was rushed and almost seemed put out to even seat us. Sat down and water was given pretty quickly. Waiter took another 15 minutes to take our regular drink order. Then we put in for an appetizer and our meals. Ordered the lobster dip with crackers. It was cold, heavily seasoned and so we were barely able to taste the lobster. The biggest issue was this, the dip that we ordered as a starter, didn't in fact come out ahead of time at all. We had to remind our waiter about it and asked about our order when we sat for 25 minutes. Dip came out and within 5 minutes, our meals arrived. My friend had the blackened grouper. It was a plain fillet on a plain bun. No sauce. No dressings. No nothing. What were we paying $18 for?? I had the scallops. Tasted fine but were swimming in a pool of butter. I prefer to taste the true flavors of my seafood and not saturated in butter. Don't get me wrong, I love butter... but I was there to taste the seafood they were so highly recommended for. Dessert was Key Lime pie, which our waiter gave us for free, due to the wait. Again, I've had better. Will I go back - nope. I've definitely had much better. Need to step it up on the service. Put a more pleasant person up front. Make sure the dining room is well staffed and that the folks working are competent to place an order when it's taken. I would also recommend dropping the price of the lobster dip when you can get the same portion size, if not more - down at Wynn's Market for $4.99.
Love this place when we stay in Naples.  Bought fish, ate fish, love fish! Definitely check this spot out.
Amazing calamari! The service was pretty good (we had a big group) and they had a great selection so all of us were able to find something we liked. The only complaint was the crab cakes, I wouldn't really recommend them.
Outstanding lobster dip for an app. Great happy hour off-season. See Tony the bartender for a great glass of wine. The Fish Market here is a neighborhood source of brilliance! Only place within 10 miles that has decent, fresh fish. Try the Chilean Sea Bass...
Mixed bag.  Went to Randy's on the advice of concierge. The fish and chips was awesome and also a great value, though the coleslaw was not to my liking.  Fish and Chips usually rate poorly when you get a bunch of fish vs. 1-2 nice big and thick pieces of battered cod; not at Randy's.  The fish is an assortment of lightly battered and fried fresh white fish (remnants I presume), but it is excellent!  The tarter sauce is very good too. Oysters Rockefeller were great and filling too. The ginger ale and sprite lacked flavor.  The mango and papaya sauteed grouper special was sub par.
Fried food was good, if you want anything else you will be disappointed.  Prepared dishes were terrible and two of them were completely burnt, but upside service was great. Market fish was very fresh, and well priced,  great for cooking yourself. Unless you want fried food - keep drivin'
Do you want excellently prepared, freshly caught fish? This is the place! I have dined at Randy's every trip to naples since they opened and have never been disappointed. The only downside is that it is not on the water. I would love to move this restaurant right on the water and sit outside to watch the boats while eating delicious seafood. I love this place!
Awesome restaurant....if you go in the evening always expect a wait...but well worth it.  The fish is aways fresh, the Captain's Platter is great, the coconut shrimp are the best, and if you have await grab a Bloody Mary with the OMG shrimp to help time pass.
great food, great atmosphere, clean, priced right, older clientele, great bar area, long wait. you have to go here. coconut shrimp and tacos fabulous.
Fabulous coconut shrimp. Ahi tuna was fresh and cooked perfectly. Fish and chips delish. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
I found this place online after googling "best key lime pie in naples, FL."  I was looking to have a really awesome piece of key lime pie, and after reading several reviews raving about Randy's pie, I convinced my family to grab dinner and dessert there.  Let me tell you, I got way more than a great piece of key lime pie. We got there earlier so we had no wait at all, but the waiting area looked pretty awesome, so I may consider going back when I had to spend a couple minutes waiting for a table.  The waiting area is outdoors with plenty of seating with a free wine tasting bar.  Yes.  Very good. We were seated in the bar area at a booth.  The ambiance was nice and fun and light.  Very casual and welcoming. I had a really hard time deciding what I was going order.  With the complete seafood menu comes a list of the fresh fish available at the fish market and I wanted to try them all. However, I settled the blackened grouper sandwich, and although I wish I had ordered the fried fish sandwich (I'm trying to eat healthier) I wasn't disappointed with the blackened grouper.  The potato salad had good flavor, but maybe a bit too much mayo.  My dad got the kip plate which also look really great.  Overall, the main meals were pretty good.   The real highlight however was the key lime pie.  Very tart, very light, real whipped cream on top.  I'm no connoisseur of key lime pie, but I know when I finished my half a piece, I wanted to eat at least 3 more.  I'd say this is a must buy at Randy's Fish Market Restaurant. I'd definitely go back and I'd try something else off the fresh fish menu... and of course, get the key lime pie (no sharing next time).
My wife and I had Coconut Shrimp and Crab cakes. She felt the Fish House shrimp was better (but Randy's was very good) and the Crab Cake at Roy's was much better (and much smaller). All-in-all a very enjoyable meal, just not the best we've had this vacation. The Key Lie pie was very good but our memory of Snook Inn's Key Lime pie says that was better. The restaurant is very noisy. There are some outside tables but they are right along 41 and we opted to forgo that experience.
I'd agree with the 3.5 stars except for the conch fritters, which bump it to a 4 for me. Seriously, best conch fritters ever.  Decent drinks, manageable portions, great local selection and dish preparation that enhances the flavors of the fish instead I eclipsing them.
A fish place that has the words "market price" on their beef selection.  Jeez give me a break.  For those who have never been here it is a dive/eatery/fish store.  I had the "grouper" sandwich which was priced at wait for it "market price".  So I asked and was told it was $14.00 for a fish sandwich with coleslaw and one other side which i did not take.  Served on a bun. I requested it blackened it came out boiled or something with some paprika sprinkled on top.  The fish was 5oz's.  You can do the math to figure out how much per pound they are getting.  Don't think I would like to come back. The waiter was some what arrogant no big deal to me.  But one thing is funny when he served me my refill on my soda it came out in a plastic cup which I got to pour over my now melted ice.  Nice Job server.
Great spot. Casual ambience feels like you are dockside. Great waiter. Great fresh seafood. We will be back!
this palce was great!!! ive been to naples a few times and had never heard of it. the bartender at my hotel lobby bar recommended it and we were all so glad she did!! its where the locals go. no bells and whisltes, nothing special. a super casual and laid back restaurant. thats why it gets 4 stars bc the prices dont match the ambiance. although, the fish selection and freshness do. the menu was great, something for everyone, even the kids that dont like fish. literally i think they have every type of fish. the gator bites and lobster dip were great appetizers, soo yummy. we even took home some lobster dip!! all 13 ppl in our party raved about their food. the key lime pie and choc peanut butter brownie were both delicious and a great way to end the meal. we were a bit skeptical about the place upon arrival and we each left content and wanting to spread the word about our new fabulous find!!
I have visited Randy's on several different visits on different trips but never again.  I do not understand the good ratings of others......the best thing about Randy's is the Kansas Jayhawks flag hanging in the bar.  Fish is overpowered by whatever method it is cooked whether blackened (a smoked taste), sauteed (wayyyy too much lemon) or broiled.  I haven't had the key lime pie so maybe that is why so many people love this place.  Me?  Never again.
Good service. Lots of variety in the fish case. We had an oyster sandwich, hot dog for the munchkin, and a combo shrimp and scallop plate. Four stars because there wasn't much seafood on the combo plate (four scallops and four shrimp). Peanut butter brownie to end the meal was delicious but could've had more PB. Overall, was really good, and we'd return.
Tripletail special was awesome, unfortunately that was the only high lite of our meal. All fried portions of the meal were over cooked(old oil maybe), we did not even touch the onion rings and when sent back, our server failed to take them of the tab. We were really looking forward to the key lime pie and sadly it was the worst any of us had had from the area. If it weren't for the cheap price I'd be inclined to request a refund but hey cheap product, cheap quality so I guess we should have only expected so much.
Simply the best!! Get the key lime pie!!
This is coming from a native Californian with minimal experience eating florida seafood, but Randy's was recommended by a family friend who is an ex-shrimper that used to sell Randy his seafood.   Our lunch was terrific.  We split the conch fritters as an appetizer, they were very good.   For lunch we split a fried grouper sandwich and a fried oyster sandwich, both were phenomenal.  Both sandwiches were served on fresh bread with homemade tartar sauce.   I wish I could find a sandwich like that in the Bay Area.   We finished it off with a delicious slice of Key Lime Pie.
I was not impressed with the food.  The food seasoning and presentation are lacking.  The seats are not comfortable and the decor is boring.
Away in Naples for business this week. After a 20 minute wait at the bar, which had a nice wine selection but a snappy woman bartender, me and my travel companion sat inside in a nice, cosy table.  Upon giving our name when we entered, the hostess said hoggish was back in season and worth a try.  I had it blackened and my companion had it sauteed.  We weren't disappointed - it was fresh and cooked to perfection.  The service was friendly with a smile. Key lime pie was sublime. Highly recommended and will come back next time/
When we found this place we came back 3 times in one week! REALLY!There homeade clam chowder is the best in SW FL. I order it at every restaurant I dine in and this one takes the cake. The fish and chips at $14.99 melts in your mouth. Get here early they do run out of stuff. But thats o.k. with me then I have to try something new. I have only had a couple diff. fish specials but always tasty. You will  forget about the keylime pie  when you try there choclate torte. WONDERFUL!! (stay away from the older female server-very moody)
This is our favorite north end seafood restaurant.  The staff is friendly and service is very good, the food is delicious, and they have an incredibly reasonably priced wine list.  We stop here at least once a week when visiting Naples and recommend to people looking for a casual, good seafood restaurant on our end of town.  Don't go here for romance.
Randy's is awesome!  I was skeptical given the goofy font lettering of their signage, but the place really does its job well.  My lady enjoyed her custom mojito, and the fish and crab were fresh and prepared with culinary expertise.  It is also a fish market and it didn't even smell bad!
my son loved the gator bites, the conch fritters had lots of conch in each one.  The groper fingers were awesome, too.  Service was quick and attentive.  We were there offseason, there seamed to be lots of chairs outside so I can only assume that there's a long wait inseason.  Go check this place out. Don't forget the key lime pie!
The key lime pie is not great at all. Was a great creamy texture but lacked the zippyness of lime. The crust was basic. Not worth the $10.99 at all. The food was okay. Not a great blackened grouper sandwich but decent. Fried items: pickles, oysters, and onion rings- way overdone. Crabcakes not lump. I will not return.
Great local restaurant.  Stone Crabs are a thing of beauty.  The key lime pie was good too!
Randy's has an excellent selection of seafood, with prices a little on the high side.  The appetizers are excellent, and they have gift certs on Restaurant.com.  The grouper dishes (there are lots) are excellent.  Also very fond of the lobster dip.  The keylime pie is advertised as the best in Naples.  It's good, not sure about the best, but they sure sell a lot of it.
They have the best grouper fingers- we've  been to many places to try it out.  They serve black grouper here and it is a bit sweeter, and easier to handle- it doesn't just crumble. Again, we try key lime everywhere and it is good here.  4.99 for a slice, but 10.99 to take a whole one home!   Happy hour is the bes deal, which has generous hours 3-6pm during the week and longer on weekends (we hit it after church) where the grouper, hush puppies, plantains, etc Re all discounted. Good place for kids-crayons, etc. and nice staff.
Love love love this place so much! I love going to naples and going out to fancy dinners, but I absolutely need to make room for a nice casual night at Randy's. my favorite is the whole belly fried clams. I could eat them by the ton. Drinks are always big and yummy, and I never complain after a visit.
Seafood - fresh - doesn't get much better than this. Scallops,shrimp, grouper,all perfect. Very casual and quirky atmosphere with journeyman service. Very well worth it.
Key Lime Pie, this is the place to get it!!  We googled Naples and key lime pie and Randy's came up.  It was a friday and close to dinner time but we only wanted dessert.  I told the greeter this and she and the waitress were both as nice as could be.  We had the key lime pie and it was truly the best I have ever had. We were amazed to see that you could buy a whole pie for around $11.00. Next time I will try the fish too.
My wife and I were staying at the Ritz in Naples and decided to stop in and check it out... Delicious fresh seafood, great casual atmosphere.  Really nice service.  Highly recommend!!!
On vacation here in Naples and went to Randy's on the recommendation of friends. We almost didn't stop as it seemed a bit like a generic fish fry type place. DO NOT BE FOOLED by the decor. My wife had the salmon, my son the sea bass and I had the hog fish. All three were by far the best pieces of fish we have ever had. Things were so good we decided to try the key lime pie. As if things could not have gotten any better. Do yourself a favor and save room for at least one bite of this slice of heaven.
Friends had us over foe a NYE dinner and served the BEST stone crabs I've ever eaten! They ordered about a week to 10 days in advance and recommend you do the same during the holidays. :) thanks, Randy's! Rumor has it you can have them shipped to you too!
First a couple if things u need to know, these guys specialize in fish and key lime pie and are experts at both. I'm sure somebody out there has better pie but I have yet to find it! The fish is very fresh and cooked expertly. I prefer the broiler black grouper and also the yellow tail pan fried in lemon butter. Both dishes are off the chain. The decor is pleasant and the staff are knowledgeable friendly and long term. It does get noisy inside when people are having fun eating and being social (isn't it supposed to be that way?). The wine selection is decent and reasonable and usually someone is around to offer some promo samples. I have been eating here for over 5 years and it has been consistently good. Can't go wrong with this one.
I went for lunch and had a good meal. Stone crabs were about $3.25 for mediums. All the seafood is fresh and they have a good variety. I had blackened Chilean sea bass which was excellent. Big portion and it melted on your mouth. My mom had fried grouper sandwich with sweet potato fries. She enjoyed both. My dad had blackened mahi mahi which was good too. The waitress was personable and attentive.
A North Naples favorite place for a fish dinner in a casual and colorful setting...you can check out the fish u will b eating from behind the glass cases at the fish market.  Although grouper is a staple try the other local gulf fish like triple tail or hogfish...all fish is fresh and u choose whether u want it grilled, blackened, or sauteed...the key lime pie is the best around and is often voted # 1.....you will love this place whether u eat at the bar or inside or on the patio...it is a busy place so call ahead for reservations.
DELICIOUS!!!! Great atmosphere and AMAZING food!  So good!! It was our first visit there, and the waitress gave us a free slice of key lime pie because it was our first time!  That really wowed us!  Can't wait to go back - delicious cold beer, too! And you can buy fish there like at a market!
Great place.  Excellent shellfish, happy hour, and key lime pie.
I've been here quite a few times over the years, and it hasn't changed. It's got a crummy interior, I guess part of being part of a fish market, but it's got a decent selection of seafood. There are some definite misses to be had, the bread is meh and I don't see what there is to like about the salad or green beans that are mandatory with every entree. Service is always very good though, they have beer on tap and they've got quite a few greatly prepared fish on the menu. I love their potato encrusted salmon, and had a Neapolitan sea bass some night that was just heavenly. If the place just had a nice clean, well lit dining area or decent sides I would definitely give it four stars. Still a place I won't hesitate to go to, knowing what to expect.
Got fish?  You better believe that Randy's does! I'm from the fresh fish deprived Midwest and Randy's is nirvana for a fish lover like me. I started with the shrimp cocktail and that was awesome!  Six HUGE shrimp that were as fresh as could be with a great tartar sauce with just the right amount of horseradish.  Delicious! Next up was the yellow-tailed snapper broiled with garlic &herbs.  It was perfectly paired.  Speaking of pairing, I enjoyed it with a couple of glasses of Cambria Chardonnay.  The snapper came with a baked sweet potato and green beans and shaved carrots.  If you're watching what you eat, you don't have to worry, Randy's got plenty of options that won't break the "dietary bank". My wife chose the fresh seared tuna.  Now this is sushi grade tuna that is fantastic!  Served with wasabi and ginger, you cannot go wrong.  To be honest, I wish I would have ordered both as an entree. We finished off by sharing a slice of Key Lime pie.  Talk about "Smooth Operator", this was absolutely sensuous in how delicate and light it tasted.  Our bottle of Cambria wine was about $20.  A glass was $9.  Which is a better deal?  You do the math.   Randy's is a bargain at the price.  Here's the final tally;  1 pinot grigio, 1 beer, 1 bottle wine, shrimp cocktail, 2 entrees.  Total= $94.  Here's the icing on the proverbial cake - Yvette was our server and took great care of us.  Be sure to ask for Yvette, she'll take great care of you. I'm a big fan of Randy's.  I only wish he would open up a joint near Chicago.
I have never eaten here but have bought fish from the seafood counter several times. There fish is very fresh and I have never been disappointed.  I have bought stone crabs (when in season) and recently purchased scallops and cooked/peeled shrimp. There stuff is tough to beat and prices are reasonable for the quality. My favorite place to get fresh fish when visiting Naples.
This is our "go to"  "can't fail" place.  Good service, great food, reasonably priced wine and nice casual atmosphere.  Had the Hogfish (don't let the name deter you).  Mmmmm.  Carrot cake was great too even though they're know for the key lime pie.  Slowly working my way through the menu.
Fish n chips...average.  Oysters...average; dry but tasty.  Gator bites...tough. Key lime pie...tart and light; as good as everyone else says.   Atmosphere...fun.  Bar...cool with blues music.  Service...hostess could care less, bartender was great.
Slightly apprehensive when we approached this little shack, but the experience turned out to be genuinely pleasant.  Fast service, friendly wait staff, modest but cute decor.  My blackened mahi sandwich was above average, though the portion was slightly smaller than I had imagined.  The fries were quite perfect, as was the key lime pie.  However, they charged an extra $5 when we ordered a whole pie since we are eating it there (as opposed to take out).  I suppose this is a place that grows on you, so I reserve room to upgrade my rating when I come back here again.
Good for what it is. We were in the mood for some un-fancy seafood and decided to try this place. It has a very low key feeling, everything on the menu looks simply prepared nothing complicated , and judging by the packed restaurant and wait for a table it's just the way people like it. We decided to just try a bunch of apps. I was really excited to try the Oysters Rock but they were just shy of awful. There was none of the traditional sauce or flavors, just oyster, tons of spinach, and some cheese melted (congealed) on top. Very blah & disappointing. ( 5 for $9.95, competitive price for these parts, and if you like them on the plain side, then here you go) I had a cup of clam chowder and it was delicious ($ 3.95) Perfect consistency, fresh and tasty. We also went for the grouper fingers ( $10.95 huge portion) , and the conch fritters ( $7.95), both of which were really good - We both  enjoyed them, I recommend trying the fritters with the marmalade sauce that usually comes w/ the coconut shrimp. The rest of the menu was appealing, but we were in the mood for a variety  of different flavors. We checked out what everyone around us was eating, some looked yummy, some very plain (  particularly the fish dinners). We will definitely try this place again, probably for more app samplers. There is a nice tap room for waiting, and they also sell their famous Key Lime Pies as well as other foody  items in the shop. Our waitress was busy and still took great care of us. For $ 41 bucks we left happy and full and got to sample a good portion of the app menu-
I wish Randy's were within walking distance of my house, like it is to my friend ML's place.  Fresh food, happy staff, and what looks like a great bar to hang in.  This'll be a regular visit when in Naples with ML...
I had to give this place a try due to its high reviews on Yelp. I was in Naples, FL for a conference so I swung by  to order their fish and chips and of course, their famous key lime pie. Overall, I thought it was good. Hope to try other things on their menu.
Neat restaurant that serves locally caught, fresh fish. Anything freshly cooked that was only swimming a couple hours ago has to be good right?
Randy's offers an extensive menu as well as a fresh fish market and deserts to go. Great French fries and deep fried shrimp.
Yum! Great specials for happy hour and excellent fresh fish. A gem!
Randy's is a great, locally owned seafood restaurant with delicious local fare. I recently went for the first time and enjoyed their scallop lunch special - sauteed. VERY good. Service was ok, but not bad. Nice atmosphere for a casual lunch - indoors or out.
Super fresh fish (from the in house market), both local and northern varieties. Preparations varied - traditional to creative. Great sides and appetizers. Restaurant interior is inviting and comfortable. Don't understand the reviewers who call it a little shack, the building itself is only around 5 years old (or remodeled then) and its fairly big.
Absolutely delicious seafood. Oysters were very good too. Mahi mahi, salmon and the seared ahi tuna were superb. Truly good seafood with great service. Place was packed yet they seated us right away. Nothing fancy but delish seafood. We' ll be back foe more.
We love Randy's!  Every year we make a family trip to Naples and Randy's is always on our list to eat at.  The fish is super fresh and the key lime pie is just like my Mom makes.
Ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and it arrived fried. I asked if I could have the grilled as I had ordered. Our waitress then chatted with another table for 20 minutes and never refilled our drinks.
What a waste of time and money! After a long flight we were starving so really anything would have been good but the fish and chips were just frozen fries fish quarter size overcooked pieces that weren't worth eating. Also the dip that we ordered wasn't even put in a bowl they just brought it out in the container they were selling in the "market" with crackers in small packs of two. Besides the lobster mac n cheese  seemed like it was nuked in the microwave and they used imitation crab meat. I expect to see this place on Restaurant Impossible. Ever heard of using something fresh and not frozen.
Excellent seafood -- perfectly prepared. Great casual atmosphere, friendly attentive staff, and reasonably priced. We will definitely be back!
Their seafood is amazing! The key lime pie is also delicious. Love going here for lunch. Very casual but fun atmosphere!  This is one of my favorite seafood restaurants in Naples!
Nice small local casual restaurant.  Had a deliciously light house clam chowder and conch fritters with a yummy sauce.  David ordered the grouper sandwich which was claimed to be "the best sandwich in the US."  If you are going to make that claim, then it better be exceptional.  It wasn't.  It was a bit bland but it was definitely fresh and eatable.   David's mom had the grilled salmon which was very tasty.  The kids chicken tenders were good.  One note on babies....no changing table in bathroom.  They have a good variety of wines and homemade desserts.  Would definitely return and try some of their other dishes.  Overall, it was a pleasant experience.  In five words "Fresh seafood and friendly service!"
Really wonderful seafood. Scallops to die for and loved the key lime pie!
Delicious. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. My favorites, fish tacos blackened, hushpuppies, steamed clams, gator bites...the colossal bloody mary is to die for. This place would be five stars if the older male bartender was friendly. He really puts a damper on the place. I would suggest sitting elsewhere if you want good service. We used to stop in for their delicious fishtale ale and some apps at the bar at least once a week, but after a few poor experiences with said bartender, we hardly ever go. Quite sad since we live so close! Overall an excellent restaurant.
Found this place while vacationing in Naples. I always like to try the local places so we went for a late lunch. Started off with the fried calamari. We asked our waitress if it was served with alot of the "tentacles" but she said not too many. Sadly, when it came it was about 50/50. Wish I'd have known because we would've ordered something else instead. I'm not just talking a little tentacle here and there, I could see the little suction cups, and the legs were purplish, honestly just a turn off. I love calamari but hate those tentacle things, note: just be honest with customers in the future. The calamari was OK, not great, not bad. We proceeded with ordering the fish and chips made up of different fish. I gotta say it was very, very good! We also ordered a fried fish sandwich, cod I think it was, and it was dee-lish-ous! Didn't have room for dessert though. The service was good, attentive, friendly and it was around 3ish so it was somewhat dead at that time. Pretty quiet but it was perfect after hanging out at the beach. Would I go back? Perhaps I would if I was in the area again. I just always love to try new places for deliciously fresh good seafood.
If my parents didn't live in Naples, I am pretty sure I would go to Naples just to eat at Randy's. Some people don't like Randy's because they don't serve the fish with all the bells and whistles and crap like special sauces and glazes or whatever, but when the fish is so good and fresh like it is there you don't need all that superfluous shit. Go to Starbucks.
Conch fritters and lobster dip are the best appetizers. Flat screen tvs all around with sports on, and a relatively modest price for great seafood. However, "generous" portions of shrimp is 8?? Very disappointed.
Fried grouper sandwich plus key lime pie equals inconveivable satisfaction.
We were briefly driving through Naples for the first time and had read good reviews of Randy's. Honestly, after seeing how posh and ritzy Naples was I was a bit worried that Randy's might be too high end for our tastes (and wallets) but this fear turned out to be unfounded. The Caribbean-shack interior is nice and welcome. The lunch crowd was busy but we got a seat without a wait, large comfy booth. From the lunch menu we ordered a shellfish salad, which was a large green salad topped with a generous portion of shrimp, clams, and scallops. Ask about dressing because it doesn't come with any by default (our waitress offered a balsamic vinaigrette). Also ordered the yellowtail lunch special which came with a mango/papaya salsa and fried plantains. Both dishes were excellent. The yellowtail (blackened) was moist and juicy with just the right amount of blackening spice. For dessert we of course had the much ballyhooed key lime pie. Verdict: wowee. Believe the hype. Awesome key lime pie -- rich custard, perfect balance between sweet and tart, plus topped with real fresh sweet whipped cream.
visiting in Naples for the week and this was recommended by someone local. I had the crab cake sandwich.  it was really good. i would've like a tad more crispyness on the outside, but i'm not knocking them for it.  It was very tasty.  My husband had the calamari platter, he said it could've used a few more pieces, but he enjoyed it just the same.  My son's kids meal was served on a frisbee, which he was able to take with.  Love that idea! I would definely recommend this place to anyone in Naples.
The seafood was great and the key lime pie is the best ever.  We ate at both the old and new location, and we took alligator bites to go.
Excellent food and good service.  I've never gotten full on THREE shrimp before but these were ENORMOUS!
I'm from Delaware so my wife and I wanted a local seafood restaurant that wasn't too fancy. Well this was it and has a great Key West feel to it. I lived in Clearwater Beach for awhile and always liked the Gulf grouper so I had the black grouper and it was excellent. I started off with typical shrimp cocktail and they were meaty. My wife had clams casino to start and were big and tasty and she had a scallops and shrimp combo. Could have done without the shrimp as they were a little overcooked but the scallops were great. We both had the potato salad with our dinners and it tasted homemade. Like everyone else has said on here, we finished off with the best part....the Key lime pie. Overall a very good dinner but I took a star off because of price. I thought it was little pricey. I would definitely recommend trying them.
Pretty good. Not good enough to put on a "I'd definitely come back" list.
My wife and I come down to Naples from NYC on a somewhat regular basis. We always make sure that a stop at Randy's is apart of our trip. the food is outrageous. On our last trip, we went to eat there, and once again had a fantastic meal. the next night, we came back, but this time just bought some fish to cook at home. The fish was very fresh. we love taking people here and always talk about how good our meal was and how we can't wait to go back. On that note, Randy's, we miss you and hope to see you soon!
I thought this place was like a glorified Denny's.  The salads were gross and the fish was uninteresting for a fresh fish market.  It was outrageous for the quality of food, which was fresh, but boring.  Having a kid vomit at a table close by didn't help much.  I would definitely skip this one.
We like going to Randy's because the scallops are the best around.  I get their cole slaw with dinner because the veggies served with an entree are sometimes overcooked.  The salad that comes with dinner is nothing exceptional but it is fresh and cold.  The key lime pie is very good.
My food was excellent. Plus the service was very fast and nice.
The food was great.  Best Fish & Chips I have ever had.  And the waiter informed us on Friday's they have all you can eat.   However the service was slow.  And the bloody mary's were not very good.
accommodated 9 of us.  thus sharing a whole key lime was much better than ordering slices--two slices = price of one??...nicely tart.  the caribbean yellowtail special (sauteed) with tartar, pretty good overall with decent plantains.  totally out of stone crab :(  prices were reasonable, place was busy.
Very disappointed in Randy's Fish Market. Started off with Clam Chowder which was very good but things went down hill after that. Wanted a house salad before my dinner. If  you want a dressing other than vinegar or ranch dressing, then you are out of luck. Wanted Honey Mustard dressing which almost every restaurant in America has except for Randy's. Waitress gave me cole slaw instead which I cant stand !Then, went to order my main entree which was the Captain's Platter for $27.99 on their menu and waitress informed me they were out of the usual fish that goes with platter. She said they were replacing the usual fish on platter tonight with a higher price fish which would now cost $29.99 instead of the $27.99 menu price. For $30.00, I should be receiving lobster. Refused to select the bait and switch price of $29.99. Not the customer's fault they were out of their normal fish provided on Captains Platter. Randy's Fish Market should honor their menu prices and not change them on customers. I ordered the Scallops instead which were just ok. Waitress did not give us any refills on drinks or water. Same waitress as last year when we came here so she was not new. My family will not be returning to Randy's Fish Market. Just too many better seafood restaurants to go to for a much more satisfying experience and better value !!!
Randy's was recommended by a waiter in a fine dining restaurant on 5th St. S. Yes the fish was fresh but if you like eating at a rapid pace then this is this is the place for you. We first ordered our drinks.   We shared one appetizer and as the last piece went into our mouths the salad came. Before we were done eating that the main course came. Did not even bother to order dessert. So it you want a leisurely meal this is not the place. If you have to catch a train, plane or bus then by all means head on over. Food: $1 extra for blue cheese dressing, the green beans that came with the entree were awful.  Server seemed to be trained well in getting you in and out in a hurry.
Service was a little slow at first.  It took a while for the waiter to take our order but once our orders were taken the food came out quickly.  And the food was excellent.  Some of the best Fish & Chips I have ever had!  Happy hour drink prices are pretty good too.  I would recommend going early because not long after we got there at around 5 PM there was a line waiting to be seated.
Randys is out of town on the main road to Ft Myers but worth the trip if you like blackened fish.  Inside it is rustic and it can get hectic.  It is a working fish market.  Service is uneven if they are rushed but the fish is worth it.  Randys and Swan River (closer to town) are the two best fish eateries in Naples.
Your hard pressed in Naples finding a place that's consistent, clean and has "quality" food.  I'm guessing because food is super expensive and getting good quality food it's a crap shoot.  I'm a seasonal resident about 4 months out of the year; I reside fulltime in the Midwest suburb of Chicago, where the bar is pretty high for food, service and overall experience; largely due to competition.  Randy's has a daily special; which is the best way to go.  Stay away from the fried food- it's a little greasy and "hit or miss" - The service can be slow; largely because their dining room can't accommodate a large crowd.  If you can't eat there, then get the Key Lime pie to GO!!  It's worth it!  Don't forget to stop for whipped cream -because it's the best when served with it.  Get it early in your trip; because it's big and will take you about four days eating a piece a day with your significant other.
Food was good.   Ordered "all you can eat".  Waiter brought small portion- then never came back to see if we wanted more.   Wouldn't make eye contact....weird guy.    I would probably not go back.
This is the place for fresh seafood! The selection is wide, very clean which tells you how well they run the place. I am a chef and I know fresh, this place has it. I can only recommend the fresh fish take ou,t I have not eaten in the dinning room yet.
Over the last few years, I've been to Randy's about five times.  In the past I would of given 4 to 5 stars, but not this time.  First, it was a Sunday night at 8pm and they were no longer serving one of their nightly specials.  Not because they had ran out of fresh seafood for the entree, but due to them running out of clam sauce.  Really?  Granted it was busy and we had to wait a whole ten minutes before being seated, but there may be more serious problems behind the scene if this happens because of a sauce.  Service was prompt but not overly friendly on this night.  Dear waitress, when asked which side for the entree is better, the proper response is to briefly describe them and not, "which ever one that you prefer more." Because they were out of clam sauce, I ordered the old standby of fried oysters, which were plump and really good.  I tend to like the food here, even though on three occasions a section of the shell was left with the oysters and I came close of chipping a tooth.  Wife's portion of clam strips were huge, but the "market price" reflected on the bill.  Total for two dinners, appetizer (fried pickle), and one draft beer was $58 w/ tax.  Suggestion for Randy, have fewer items on the menu and excel in those items.  Suggestion to customers, go for lunch or be prepared to pay $$ merely because of the area.
Great hole in the wall restaurant. The food is very good, but bar service was a bit slow. It's certainly a place to return to.
This place is Great.  Went there for the first lasy night and had a wonderful time. It is very casual and friendly. The wait staff were fast, friendly and willing to help with the menu. I ordered the fiswh and chips and I must say they were probably the best I have ever eaten. No thick breading over reformed chopped fish. They used only the freshest fish cut into bite sized portions...just really good. We will be  definitely go back again
Overpriced food, I had the shrimp cocktail which were small and the crab cake app was ok, but even smaller...
ALERT. Just found out Randy is no longer affiliated with Randy's Fishmarket. Which explains the disappointing grouper sandwich I had recently. And the change to usually delicious  Key Lime Pie which was not so delicious when I ordered it last night. Randy's without Randy just ain't Randy's. Time to find a new go to fish spot. Without Randy there to champion good value, quality products and a friendly welcome, I already see those virtues failing. GO ELSEWHERE.
Two colleagues and I recently had dinner here on a business trip. Service was friendly and efficient. Menu vast, includes both fried items as well as grilled, sauteed, etc. I had a grouper special, believe it was glazed with a cilantro and orange sauce. The fish and sauce were kind of bland, perhaps i should have ordered blackened. The side salad which came with dinner was tasty, and the baked potato and green beans i chose were just average. Overall, this is a casual, decent seafood place that if convenient may be worth a visit.
I've only been once unfortunately but I loved it. It's a simple place but the food was excellent. I look forward to going again.
Food is good but I am very upset that they charged about $2 more per plate than what the menu indicated. That is SOOO WRONG! The pie on the stick is priced $2.99 but they charge you $3.50 for eating it at the restaurant.
We were looking for a great local restaurant with super fresh seafood and the hotel concierge recommended Randys. We were not disappointed, it was excellent! Casual environment, great service and the meal was outstanding. The Conch Fritters were surprisingly tasty, the grouper dinner and the sea bass neapolitan were exactly what we were looking for. Also, don't miss the Key Lime Pie, it was terrific. Be sure to make a trip to Randys next time you are in Naples, we will!
Loved Randy's! The lobster dip was excellent as was the grouper! Key Lime Pie was a great finish to a delicious meal! Carlos the server went out of his way to be kind and friendly!!!
my work colleague and i had dinner here late on friday night. the first thing we ordered was a beer and a dozen oysters on the half shell.  they were huge oysters and we enjoyed them thoroughly. i had the grilled grouper and my colleague had the shrimp.  everything was amazingly scrumptious!  we shared their famous key lime pie but was not impressed with its flavor. the texture was right but it lacked that key lime flavor that quenches your taste buds that follows with an ummm!  i'd love to come back some day and try their other fish entrees.
