The Bacon, Cheddar and Egg Biscuit breakfast sandwich was certainly one of the best things I've ever eaten! So delicious I'm craving it now, even back home in NJ! We also ordered the cheesy jalapeno grits which were equally awesome!
Maybe my favorite restaurant from our entire week in the Bonita Beach area last week. We went for brunch on Sunday and it was fantastic. Note, you order at a counter and your food is brought out to you so it's not full waiter service but that was fine. My husband and I split the breakfast burrito and smoked salmon flatbread, both were great. We sat on the cute deck with our daughter and enjoyed the scenery. I would certainly recommend checking this place out.
Went here due to great yelp reviews. Was not disappointed. My wife, daughter, and I had delicious meals. Fresh ingredients, great menu, and great atmosphere. This place is delicious and I'm going back as soon as we get back to Naples.
We went based on local's recommendations and it was worth it. The ambience was so quaint and friendly it made us want to move in. Husband had a delicious omelette with bacon and mushrooms  covered in gravy and I had one of the best french toast ever. It was a bread pudding french toast with a homemade berry sauce. Coffee was delicious. Biscuit was ok, nothing to rave about. Grits were good, nice kick from the jalapenos but it was not too spicy. Just needed a little bit of salt, which is common for grits.
Stopped here for breakfast this morning because of all the positive reviews. Sad to say, I was disappointed. I had the egg, sausage and cheddar on a fresh baked biscuit. It gave new meaning to the word dry. The egg was like hard-boiled and the cheddar very mild. The coffee was great though, some of the best I have had so far. My wife had to settle for a bagel because the French toast made from croissants was only available on Sunday. The place was very quaint and comfortable.
Have been visiting family in Bonita Springs for years and had no idea that this little gem was here. Thanks to Yelp, I discovered it yesterday and had a delightful lunch and all-around experience here. The veggie burger and corn relish were delicious. My friend raved about her veggie wrap and potato salad as well. Another friend ordered the Caesar salad with grilled chicken. It was a bit pricey, but it was huge and more than she could eat. Love the ambience, decor, and the people working @ the Survey Cafe. Very eco-friendly as well. It was exactly the place I was in the mood for. Will definitely be back!
Terrific Sunday breakfast in a relaxed old Florida atmosphere.
I've been wanting to come here since I moved down here just over a year ago. Finally was able to take my mother out for a lovely breakfast. It was awesome!!! Very charming little place! The owners are so sweet!!! Would like to come back on a Sunday when there's live music!!!
Very cute spot for a casual weekend brunch. Order at the cash register then find a seat at one of the handful of inside tables, or one of the many tables on the porch. Unfortunately it was very hot the day we were there or we would have sat outside and enjoyed the live music on the porch. There is a lot of shade outside, so I'm sure it's a gorgeous spot when the weather is nice! I had the 'Not So French Toast' - french toast made from bread pudding, definitely a heavier breakfast dish but very good! Makes good leftovers too! Service is quick, food is reasonably priced,  and coffee is very good. We will definitely be back once the weather cools down!
This place changed ownership around 16 months ago. The new owners are really nice and helpful with the menu. We had the egg blt, salmon flatbread, jalapeño cheese grits, and fried potatoes. But the best part was sitting on the deck watching all the cats come and go. Some would come right up to you, and some would lounge and watch you from a far. If you are scared of cats then just sit inside. Cause the food is GOOD!
Hidden gem in Bonita Springs! I discovered Survey Cafe 4 or 5 years ago and fell in love. After recently moving to Old Bonita It has become one of my favorite breakfast or lunch spots to go. I have tried lot sod things on the menu and have not been disappointed with anything. I love both the salmon flatbread and the salmon on a baguette. The cuban was always my favorite and is probably the best iI have had. I finally tried the breakfast wrap and it was also amazing. The staff and the atmosphere is the best and I would probably go to Survey even if their food wasn't amazing. But it is! Only complaint is I want them to be open for dinner!
We just had a late breakfast here today, and as always we loved it.  In my opinion the slightly bohemian style, stress free friendly atmosphere is hard to beat for a relaxed meal.  I had the breakfast wrap, and as it wasn't too crazy busy I asked for a custom wrap as I'm a bit fussy (a few omissions), it was fantastic!  I'd not have asked if it were super busy mind you.  My breakfast date ordered the smoked salmon plate and was delighted.  One of my favs is the Bean Burger wrap, but I didn't have that this time. We've come here for over 5 years now, witnessed the cafe changes in both ownership and furniture/door additions.  It's never failed.  Yes, it gets busy, yes it can take a while to get your food during those times, but you're not surprised by the wait.  You're told when you order if it will be longer than expected.   Relax with your drink, enjoy the deck (and random cat greeting) and be grateful you're not shoveling snow. Remember they're closed on Mondays!
Quaint little shack with a porch.  If not for that, what is there?  Pretty ordinary food and sort of amateur night all around.
Based on the four star overall rating on Yelp, we gave it a try for breakfast. You order from the cash register and pay in advance which seemed a little weird.  You get your own drink and they deliver the food. This is, I guess, like Culver's restaurants.   The coffee was great and they had several selections. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean. My wife ordered an omelet.  It was overdone and rubbery. She saw a whole egg yoke in it and we thought it was a mistake but my breakfast burrito also had a whole yoke.  It was not appealing at all and made it seem more rubbery. Overall my burrito wrap was tasty and served with salsa and sour cream. The price was reasonable and the portion size large. Maybe we picked some bad items or they were having a bad hair day but it definitely does not rate a fourth star in my opinion. With so many choices in the area, not sure if we will make it back.... But I will give them the benefit of doubt and 3 stars.
Quaint little restaurant with a few tables outside and even fewer tables inside. Order your food at the counter and pick up a number. When your food is ready, it will be delivered to your table. The breakfast items we ordered were pretty good, but then again, it is pretty hard to mess up eggs and breakfast meats. My wife ordered corned beef on a baguette and that was disappointing. There was only one, maybe two slices of corned beef and some lettuce. Good thing it was only $10.
Thanks Yelpers!  This was a total "nearby" find.  What a cute little place. We had the omelette of the day, the bread pudding french toast, the chicken salad wrap and a side of bacon.   Everything was delicious.  The people were so nice, and although fellow yelpers warned about long waits for food, ours was not very long at all. The omelette was fluffy and delicious and the bread that was served with it was soooooo good! The chicken salad wrap was served hot, and stayed extremely hot for a very long time!  We thought that was the strangest thing.. It really kept it's temperature. The bread pudding french toast was super heavy and like dessert.  The sauce was good, but would rather some fresh fruit with it...you know to make it feel like you are eating healthy. The bacon was perfect. I love bacon! I would recommend this place to anyone in the area.  It was such a great little find. I would return.
What a delightful little find. I had a homemade veggie burger in a spinach wrap, with fresh fruit. It was delicious! Request it vegan and they'll skip the cheese. The owners were so friendly. It's a hidden gem.
Great brunch spot! We had the smoked salmon and egg, cheese and Virginia ham sandwiches on homemade biscuits. All fabulous! Not to mention really good mimosas! All at a reasonable price.
What a lovely little spot for breakfast or lunch. I loved my biscuit sandwich with egg and cheese - perfectly dense, crumbly biscuit, wonderfully fluffy egg, melted cheddar. Yum. Coffee was excellent. The dog-friendly patio made for great pug-watching.
I used to love Survey Cafe! We were there two-three times every week! About three months ago, the jalapeño cheese grits began to disappoint. No worries, the Vernon's Veggie Burger Wrap is DELICIOUS! Tracey knew us when we walked in the door and we loved the atmosphere! The last time I went to Survey, about a month ago, we ordered the veggie burger wrap and received a soy patty with mayonaise, corn, american cheese, and lettuce in a soggy spinach wrap with no side of corn relish. It was nearly inedible and made all of us very, very sad. I don't know if it was an aberrant day, or if this is a reflection on the new owners. I really hope to one day return to Survey, but as of this moment, I can't really stomach the thought.
This place was amazing. It's the best bacon, egg and cheese biscuit ever (says the wife). My ham, egg ad cheese biscuit and cappuccino were amazing too. Our anniversary breakfast was perfect. We'll definitely be back tomorrow for Sunday's only bread pudding French toast! Yum!
Tried few times on friends tip. Decent food - semi home made feel and it tasted ok.  Lunch and breakfast specials.  Bit pricey for what you get. Not the place to go if you want to be filled up by single order or are on a schedule. sloooow
On a breezy & delightful fall day in Florida, I'd like nothing more than to spend a lazy morning sipping coffee at the Survey Cafe - and lucky me, this was how I spend this AM. This darling hideaway is pet-friendly, environmentally-conscious AND service-oriented - a winner all the way. I had an iced, non-fat, decaf Caramel Macchiato, which definitely rivaled Starbucks. The cashier was super friendly and aimed to please. I also tried the Survey Cafe wrap - sans ham. It was huge, with perfectly cooked eggs, a flavorful salsa on the side and swiss cheese. Tasty. My favorite part? The coffee was served in (plastic) cups made from plants. LOVE green businesses! The outside patio is darling, with a baby fountain, a fan and plenty of shaded tables. Dogs are welcome out here - an added bonus given we had the pooches in tow. I'll definitely be back for a visit anytime I'm in town.
Well who knew that Bonita Springs use to be called Survey, and for that matter, who really cares? That being said the Survey Cafe is doing a tremendous job of putting out quality food and a shockingly low price all from what can be called a petite kitchen. We were in the area on vacation and on our last day we decided to give this quaint little place a try for breakfast. The reviews were good but the flavors outstanding! I had the Sausage, Egg & Cheddar biscuit. My date had the Salmon BLT Ciabatta sandwich. We split an order of Cheesy Jalapeno Grits. 1) Sausage, Egg & Cheddar Biscuit: Homemade fresh biscuit, egg done just right; a little runny but not so much as to make it messy and not done so much it's like a hard-boiled egg and cheese that added to the overall flavor and texture without overpowering. 2) A nice grainy ciabatta roll with a mound of lox style salmon. 3) The people in Savannah, GA area could take a lesson from the Survey Cafe for their Cheesy Grits. These were plentiful and done just right. Add the pickled jalapeno for a little spicy kick and you've got a winner. When traveling we never like to dine in the same place twice but we both agreed that the Survey Cafe would make us break that rule. It's too bad we discovered it the morning on the day we were leaving.
I've lived in Bonita Springs for a year and a half and never knew about this wonderful little place. My son and I had brunch there on a Sunday morning around 10 am, he had a bacon and cheese omelette (not on the menu but they gladly made it for him) and a side of cheesy jalapeno grits. I had the bread pudding french toast and a mimosa. Everything was fantastic! It was getting quite busy when we left (around 11:15) so maybe early on the weekend is better. I look forward to having dinner there during season. A great little bonus for me (a cat lover) were the two kitties resting behind the restaurant. The orange one let me pet him!
Breakfast all day!!!!! And an alcohol license! And a patio!  Yay! What a great spot, altho I have to admit the photo I saw on Yelp! (super tiny on my mobile phone), led me to believe Survey was on the water. The main picture is of the sign in some wood chips and even tho I was squinting I thought I saw sand. Alas it's tucked away in a cute little neighborhood and I am just fine with that. Well this review should be about this fantastic joint and not about my failing eyesight. Excellent wrap-around patio, which I believe I saw mentioned as dog-friendly. I know it's cat friendly as there was one who really wanted to share my Lox flat bread. We had a couple of "loose screws" which is a delightful combo of chardonnay, ginger ale and O.J. Very refreshing and I could have put away about four of them soaking up the sun while enjoying my food. My friend had something with duck bacon on it... duck bacon? Wow... fantastic stuff. Overall a great experience, can't wait to go back.
I was looking for a breakfast spot that wasn't a chain, and this little place had good reviews. A note for my fellow southerners - do not, under any circumstances, order biscuits and gravy here. Brown gravy vs the traditional white/milk gravy = just not right. Loved the deck and the neighborhood cats, and wish I had made a different choice for breakfast - or maybe visited at lunch time. Coffee was really good though.
Huge fan of Survey Cafe. I ordered the day's special - Meatloaf omelette with sausage gravy - and it was surprisingly good. The meatloaf had great flavor and wasn't dry. Nice sized portion of food, too. My wife ordered and loved the salmon with flatbread, cream cheese, olive and red onion tapenade, capers, tomatoes, and hard boiled egg. Service was great. You just walk inside, place your order, find a table (inside or out) and wait a few minutes for your order. Coffee is great. And say hi to one of the cats that greet you when you walk onto the deck. We met Dopey. Quality food. Great location. Quiet atmosphere.
Our second time here and still perfect, this is the PERFECT breakfast/lunch spot, screw the corporates and go here. Nicest owners and staff.
So today I became adventurous while driving out of town. I got on yelp and looked for a place to eat breakfast on my drive. I saw survey cafe and said why not! I usually gravitate toward chain restaurants because of being worried that food won't be good. We Drive up and it is a little house, cottage looking place. Went inside and loved the home decor feeling. You order at the counter and then go sit and they bring it to you! Not the biggest menu but what was on it all looked awesome. I ordered the BLT w/egg on a homemade cheddar biscuit, it was soooo good. I typically eat a lot for breakfast and this sandwich was Very filling. My husband got the sausage,egg, and cheese on cheddar biscuit. Just as good. The coffee and specialty coffee looked delicious. We did not have it but I heard a few patrons talking about it and that it is very good. I would come back and try other things on the menu in the future. Now onto our next stop.
So impressed - I had a gluten free club sandwich - delicious and huge. Husband had a breakfast sandwich on GF bread - loved it. Bacon is cooked perfectly, crispy and delicious. Lots of outdoor seating. They have an all day menu and do special nights of dinner service.
Very quaint setting, definitely should come here for breakfast or dinner lunch? not so much the lunch selection is quite small, and i was surprised to not see any seafood offerings (tuna salad doesn't count) i had gator cakes, slightly over salted but the salad that came with was fresh, my fiance had the pulled pork sandwich that was good will definitely come back to try other items in the evening
The Survey Cafe is a charming breakfast/lunch restaurant in restored historic home on Wilson street in Olde Bonita Springs.  It's right beside Benson's Grocery Store. If you're looking for interesting dishes with healthy alternatives you'll enjoy the Survey Cafe.  Looking for the place where the locals go?  This is it!
To be honest, we were surprised by the high rating of this place.   The employees were very nice, but the food was just okay, plus they were out of one of their lunch specials at noon, the other 'special' sandwich was very small, and food preparation took a surprisingly long time.  My turkey Reuben was decent, but the corn salad side dish was probably the tastiest of everything.  The restaurant is in an old house with an outside patio area, but unfortunately there seemed to be an infestation of flies inside, so I was a bit grossed out the whole time. Once was enough for me!
Genre for rating:  Breakfast and lunch/cafe By far the most innovative cafe in the area.  The menu items sound amazing, but they taste even better.  Converted house with wraparound patio provides a unique, homey setting (when it's not too hot). What I have: anything is fantastic, but I like the blt flatbread, not so French toast, or whatever their daily special is. Best bet: go for brunch before the church crowd, and opt for the daily special.  You will not be disappointed.
Survey Cafe is definitely my favorite breakfast spot in Bonita Springs. I love the neighborhood feel and the staff is super friendly. Although everything on the menu is fantastic, their daily specials are the way to go! My favorite "non-special" dishes are the  BLT egg sandwich and BLT Flatbread but I highly suggest you ask for less mayo, as they tend to put WAY too much on these dishes---it really takes away from and over shadows the fresh local ingredients they pride themselves on using. I do the same for their omelet specials---I love cheese but its just way too much. Just my opinion. What I have: Omelet specials, BLT Egg Sammy and BLT Flatbread, cheesy jalapeno grits. What NOT to have: The baked goods/desserts. As an avid baker, something is really...really off with almost every dessert/baked good here (I've tried a lot) and I can't figure out what it is:(
What a great find. We had Sunday brunch here and the food was great,  BLT egg bagel sandwich, was great. The coffee was great. A quaint location, where the chef can customize any meal.
Best coffee in Bonita.  Euro-strong (!)    We were able to stay at our sunny table on the deck well past their 2:30 PM closing.  Two resident cats lounged on the warm wooden deck at our feet.  Lovely!
I can't believe there are only 21 reviews of this place.  It that good.  Anyway, its off of Old 41 in old Bonita Springs on a sidestreet in a cozy little house like structure.  We had a  BLT + an egg (trust me, its awesome) and a Portabella sandwich.  These were not your ordinary sandwiches.  They were served on some kind of multi seed fresh and healthy bread and both were amazing.  The portabella had a delicious cheese, sauteed onions and a vinaigrette and the other had...well...BLT+ an egg--but it just worked and we both loved it.  The best part was Tracy who made sure our indecisiveness did not get the better of us and who made an awesome latte as well.  It was so good that we'll be back tomorrow before we head back to the east coast of FL.  Too many things we wanted to try on their Sunday brunch menu.
This is a really great place. Super friendly with delicious food - my only complaint is that our food took an hour. We didn't really mind because we were there to enjoy a nice Sunday brunch with no hurry to leave, but had we came hungry we would have been pretty miserable! Once we had waited a little more than an hour for our food and things finally started coming out - only then did they tell me they were out of the potatoes I ordered:( They got me something else no problem and everything I had was excellent - you can tell they aren't just microwaving and throwing together frozen items which is totally worth a wait in my mind!!
A little deceiving from the outside but well worth a visit. They happily handled my "off-menu" order with a smile, and it was delicious.  Only two complaints - first, the kitchen was S-L-O-O-O-W to get our order out, and it wasn't at all crowded when we were there.  Second, portions were smaller than I would have expected given the relatively high prices.  (And what's with the generic ketchup?  For these prices they can afford Heinz! :)
Very disappointed , after all the glowing reviews! One piece of toast with my small omelet...mind you I'm not a big eater. Had to order the home fries for $2.13 extra to fill somewhat full, all 8 cubes of potatoes, that is! Thanks, I will go to Dennie's.
Cozy, crunchy, tasty. Semi-waiter service ala Cosi.
This cozy restaurant is all about the great deck with outdoor seating.  It's in an house that was converted to a restaurant which makes it even more down home.  It feels off the beaten trail but was consistently busy but not the kind of busy that makes you want to turn around and drive away.  We all had omelets and they were all delicious.  The prices were great for Florida, one of the cheapest meals we had here.  I am dropping one star because the wait for the food felt longer than expected.   Other than that it was perfect.
Overrated with a rude waitress in a small confined dining area. Many other places in the area with better service and food. Nothing to write home about.
Found this place through Yelp looking for a great breakfast in Bonita Springs. A small and quaint place, we were not disappointed. I loved the sausage, egg and cheese biscuit plus the cheesy jalapeno grits while my wife really enjoyed her omelet. However the highlight was their French Toast, made from bread pudding! Apparently only served on Sunday, but a must try! We'll definitely be back next time we visit the west coast.
Im a breakfast snob.  I expect good fresh healthy options, good coffee and food thats made like some cares about the outcome.  Been in Bonita for 6 days and this is the best breakfast I've had.  Better than Boston.  Great location.  The deck setup is great and the food was awesome.
Phenominal food!!!! I had the Florida pioneer breakfast and it was amazing! The organic coffee was fantastic, and the scones are the best I've ever had!
I was really pulling for this place to be the best around and sadly it's not. The service is strange that you have to order and then they bring it to you like panera bread or something. This type of place should be all about service and relationships with your customers. I would hire wait staff to discuss the menu options and serve the food and I know that your profit would actual go up. The outside seating is great and was very relaxing. I was surprised and sad that they only have 2 available high chairs and one infant had to sit on her moms lap. That's not the best way to eat breakfast if you haven't had the pleasure of doing it yourself. The food was really good and the coffee was awesome! I wish them luck but they have to increase the service level and serve the customer!!
A historic house turned into a cafe. So cute and so my style. The menu was not extensive but the food was good. The berry wheat bread was so good!
Thanks Yelp-reviewers------Very glad we stopped.  Great ahi tuna with tasty cucumber salad. My Reuben had very thinly sliced and tender corned beef---really enjoyed the corn relish side.  A great stop----will do again, when we're in the neighborhood.
Boyfriend and I went to the cafe for lunch on a rainy day. The food and service were both excellent and the environment was really cute. I ordered the veggie burger wrap and he got the club sandwich. Both were very flavorful. I would definitely go again, we both want to try the breakfast.
I've eatin at the survey cafe a handful of times, each time has been amazing! First off, the charm in there is so cute and historic.. I've tried something new almost every time I've been in there, and each time I was full and happy. :-) I enjoy both their breakfast and lunch. Last time I went there with my boyfriend and he & I shared the bamboo barbq on a hoagie and oh my -- it was DELISH. And it filled both of us up. Along with some great organic and fair trade coffee from grounds for change! Doesn't get any better. There's inside and outside seating, and they have bird feeders and cute art displayed on the walls. Beautiful place.. if you haven't been, you need to go and see what it's about.
We were looking for a good local spot for breakfast and Yelp was a great help in finding the Survey Cafe. Staff was extremely polite and patient as I am never quick to order. I decided on the bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit. I might have been the best I have had. The biscuit was homemade and you can definitely tell. The egg was cooked perfectly and the cheese was melted just enough that it held everything together. The patio is a perfect place to sit to enjoy the weather and locals chatting. I will definitely stop in again the next time we are in Bonita.
Survey Cafe is a great little place of the beaten path.  Fantastic omelets (I had the mushroom, spinach and sausage one) and yummy coffee.  Definitely worth a try!
Quaint little restaurant in a historic house.  Had the triple cheese omelette & BLT plus E sandwich.  The sandwich was delicious!
Loved it. Super cute. Outside. Local. I had the black bean burger wrap and my husband had a breakfast sand. The sandwich was a little greasy but the food coffee and tea were all yummy. Def recommend the wrap :)
Hidden gem! Great delicious food, personable wait staff, small and quaint little cafe.  Worth the drive!
Survey Cafe is one of the most unique dining experiences in Fort Myers.  It's a "Hole in the wall that is out in the open".  Extensive outside seating with shade and fans.  Truly a South Florida establishment.  Specials by the day.  Fresh baked goods.  The food is amazing.  You really can't go wrong.  The reason it's not a 5 star review is because I go for lunch and the food usually takes up to 30 - 45 to be prepared.  I expect it's because they food is AMAZING, and made fresh.  This doesn't stop me from taking nearly an hour of my day waiting for food.  Also didn't stop me from loving the food, coming back multiple times, and ticking my boss off lol.
Big portions, good food. Biscuits are good but a little dry. Cheese grits were also delish. Self serve coffee and water. Service was friendly but a little slow. This is an upscale version of heavenly biscuit. Would go back again to try a wrap.
Nice atmosphere and good food, but service was very slow on my first visit for lunch, when it was medium busy.  I'll be back to try breakfast.
Love it and is dog friendly. Omelets really good and great service with friendly staff.
