Great place. Tried it for the first time based on user reviews. Very happy I went.  Tried the skillet, the crepe and the yogurt with fruit bowl. All delicious and well made. Especially love the scones that came with the breakfast.
Skillets is a regular in our Friday lunch rotation. They have something to make everyone happy - standard bacon and egg breakfast, pancakes, and creative salads and sandwiches. Of course the 'skillets' are the specialty, I love them with potatoes or swapped out for grits on the bottom. The hashbrowns are some of the best!! A bit creamy on the inside, with a nice crispy crust. They also have different scones of the day, which are very good!
I usually do not go out for breakfast since eggs, potatoes, and salted meats are the same no matter where you go. I ordered their philly steak skillet since they are known for their skillets. I was impressed. Their potatoes are very good and had plenty of philly steak meat. The portions were very generous and we all had a takeout box for what we couldn't finish. (Pop leftovers in microwave and fry up a couple of eggs fir breakfast the next day). Wait staff was very friendly and attentive. Restaurant was very clean. Expect a wait during peak times but its worth the wait.
They have a very good choice of breakfast and lunch on the menu, I had the eggs with berry blintzes, fruit and eggs were great but the cheese in the blintzes was a little off the mark, the skillets were excellent, will defiantly  go back when in town.
Excellent potato eggers, pancakes and omelets.  The biscuts are also very good. Servers take thier jobs seriously
Very pleasant atmosphere! I think the day we chose to come they may have been a little short staffed however the young lady tried her best. Food was a little mixed up but once we got it sorted it was great. We'll be back!
We returned to this restaurant for their cornbeef hash skillet. I ordered their avocado, bacon & pepper jack frittata...amazing. Their potatoes are smooth and creamy...similar to Cracker barrel's potato casserole. Make sure to bring a big appetite; they serve big portions.
Hard to find in the back of a strip mall and looks a bit deceiving, but do not judge this book by its cover.  I have to echo Laura S.'s review - the place is AMAZING!! Great coffee, amazing omelets and unique dishes overall.  It is well worth the search.  Its only about 5 minutes off of I-75 and is a great road trip stop. Inside it is bright and cheery and they have a community high top table in the back if you have either a big party or want to make friends.  They also have a cute, but small patio in front with about 10 tables.  They also serve breakfast all the time. Yay!   Pro Tip: Quick note that I learned only after getting my food, they put some kind of cream cheese in their hash browns (I was not a fan), I would advise ordering without the cheese. They were cooked great, but the taste was too weird for me.
Breakfast was fresh. Service was pleasant and executed well. I asked for my eggs over-easy and they came more like medium.  I won't hold it against them this time. I would definitely revisit if in the area.
Love this place. Service is great ask for Robin. Crispy potato pancakes , French Onion Soup and fresh fruit garnishes are just a few of the things I have grown to enjoy. Their corned beef hash is the only homage kind I prefer over a can. Little things like cleanliness fresh apples sauce and cinnamon and baked scones will keep me coming back!
I had the veggie skillet, it was pretty good. Not gonna lie I was a little hesitate to get the goat cheese which comes with the skillet just because the "Skillet" doesn't seem like a place to get fresh goat cheese. It wasn't bad. Definitely get the Orange juice. It comes in a frosted mug. I also enjoyed the biscuit, really good. My friend said the scone was delicious
This is the second year in a row that we have eaten here after spending the 4th of July at Ft. Myers's beach.  We are a large group (about 20), but they try to seat us all near each other and cheerfully divvy up the checks for us.  The service is very friendly but the food is even better.  I had the bacon, onion & cheese skillet.  It was perfect, but it was very hard to narrow it down to one choice.  My husband got the crepes and really enjoyed them.  His cousin got the salmon benedict and couldn't stop talking about how fabulous it was.  We asked them to make a reservation for us next year, but they said to call back in 11.5 months.  (Also they offer whole wheat options for most of their breakfast items.)
We were looking for a good breakfast joint for our last morning in FL, so my husband found this place on yelp.   The vibe is local with country kitchen/diner decor.  This place is called "skillets", so I ordered a skillet.  When in Rome, right?  I got the corned beef hash skillet with grits and eggs over easy.  It was so delicious that my husband's fork kept coming over to my plate.  He got the healthy omelet.  Big mistake.  ;) Our server was curt but efficient.  You definitely don't have to ask for anything twice... but, if you want to ask for something, you'd better spit it out before she walks away.   If we lived there, this would be our spot for sure.  Hopefully, we'll be back!
AMAZING breakfast place !!! Everything so tasty beyond words !!! Best vacation ever !!! Thank you guys soooo much !!! Every visit party in my mouth :-) ...
Delicious and fresh breakfast. Fast and friendly service. Had delectable  crepes with the freshest berries, thick and sweet bacon with fluffy scrambled eggs. My partner in crime had thick and fluffy pancakes that just melt in your mouth. Highly recommend. Might be back before our trip ends. Wanna try those biscuits!
As a huge fan of Denny's breakfast skillets, who was notoriously disappointed when I gave up meat and had to forego those steaming plates of YUM, the whole concept of Skillets sent me into general upheaval. They serve breakfast all day? You can get egg white skillets? Their hash browns are made WITH cream cheese and chives? Whaaaaaaat? Commence drooling. Wooden yellow walls, old English-style wall hangings and charming statuettes of roosters line the walls. Quaint certainly applies to their atmosphere. And, in typical Bonita fashion, the eatery was populated with lots of over 65s (which is a little perplexing given the absurd portion size at this place). But I digress. I went with a custom skillet, complete with egg whites, tomatoes, onions, spinach and guacamole, and TONS of cheese, sitting on top of a bed of cream cheesy hash browns. Biscuit on the side. As a girl who can't eat a lot, the massive plate they brought me was laughably large, but I wasn't complaining. It was everything I'd dreamed ... and more. Everything came together in a medly of warm, gooey wonderful. Only minor downside, my biscuit wasn't so hot (temperature wise). And my mom's food was a little tepid - we think it sat waiting for the skillet to finish. The staff was super sweet, chatting with all the oldies, making the rounds. They seem to actually enjoy working there. Quite the concept. This cheesy heap of breakfast delight was one of the best morning meals I've ever had, hands down. How I wish a Miami restaurant would scoop up the skillet trend and serve some equally amazing sizzlers. So how bout it Big Pink? Bagel Emporium? Morgans? Let's and a little variety to those AM menus and start the newest breakfast trend.
The hashbrowns have cream cheese and chives in them. Do you even understand what I'm saying? Amazing. Thick, delicious bacon. Homemade bread. Packed at 9am on a Thursday. This place is the real deal.
First thing people told us when we asked for restaurant suggestions was go to Skillets. Apparently they take their breakfasts very seriously down here. It's hidden in a strip mall so if we hadn't been looking for it, we certainly wouldn't have seen it. And if you have a problem with strip malls, get over it. It's worth it. It had a country kitchen style to it. Happy yellow everywhere with relaxed wooden tables and chairs. My family ordered all different items from the menu. From the basic egg skillet (get it, skillet, Skillets) to the waffles. I had the waffles. I don't "do" eggs, so I'm generally limited in choices and have become fairly persnickety when it comes to pancakes and waffles. They passed! And not only did they pass, I left with a smile. As did everyone else in our party. Oh, and the food is extremely fair priced. The place can be crazy if you go later in the morning on a Saturday or Sunday and have a wait during peak season. So be prepared.
Went to Skillets this morning for breakfast with the family.  First off our waitress Terry was the cream of the crop for how a professional at a restaurant should be.  She asked us if we had been to Skilliets before which we had not.  She explained to us what sets Skillets apart from the competition by making everything from scratch and fresh ingredients.  Then she asked us what we liked and gave us the low down and options on the top breakfast dishes.   The corned beef hash was the best I have ever eaten.  The chicago Blintzes were also a super good deal.  There sugar cured thick bacon is like pork candy.   We had to order a second time for desert.   We are going back here for sure.  Don't miss this place.
On our last day of vacation at Bonita Springs, we decided to try out Skilets for breakfast instead of eating at the Hampton's free "breakfast" buffet. After we tasted the food, my wife asked me why we had wasted our time eating at the hotel. I wondered why, too. Skillets is a breakfast only place, and wow they do a great job. Their signature skillets come on a bed of fresh hash browns which are made in a cream cheese sauce with chives. They had to be the best hash browns I ever had. Our eggs were cooked to perfection (and usually most places mess up my wife's eggs since she usually orders them "over hard"). They were served with thick-sliced, applewood smoked bacon smothered in maple syrup which made for a sweet flavorful side that I wished they'd given us more of. We also had a pancake that I swear was the size of a small continent. Initially I had scoffed at the idea of ordering a single pancake. A single pancake? That's like asking for a single strip of bacon or a solitary sausage link. It just wasn't done. Well, at Skillets one pancake is enough. In fact we ended up sharing the pancake, and let me tell you friends, I'm loath to share any of my dish with others. Here, it was a necessity of survival. All in all, this was one of the best breakfasts experiences I've had outside of some of the expensive hotel brunches I've gone to. If you're in the area for the beaches, make sure you skip the hotel breakfast and go here. It's not free, but it is much, much better.
While I didn't like this restaurant the first time I went, I went again and am SO glad I did. I went for a late lunch and with an empty stomach this week and I was so happy when I left. I had their create your own skillet with bacon, onions and tomotoes. Delicious and a huge portion! Friendly, casual atmosphere and staff. I recommend it if you are in the mood for some breakfast comfort food.
I've been going to Skillets for years and love the place. The food and service is always excellent. Great menu selection although I always find myself ordering the bacon, onion, and cheese skillet. So good!
I can't say enough good things about Skillets.  Huge portions of amazing tasting food, personal service, clean, bright, and friendly. Gwynne (Sorry if I spelled your name wrong!) is an absolute doll. She greets us by name, takes interest in our lives, and is always ready with a joke or a smile.  We would never go anywhere else for breakfast. TIP: During season order food to go! Skip the 45 min-1 hour wait, but make sure to leave a 20% tip still!
Great breakfast spot. I get the chocolate chip pancakes every time. Must try if your into that kinda stuff. Really busy on Sundays after church.
I will be coming back. There seems to always be a waiting list and I now understand why. It may not be the best food in town but I am satisfied I got a VERY good breakfast  which satisfied both me and my wife. Will be coming back (when I can stand the wait to be seated). ps - on second visit I bought a pound of their coffee to try at home. I like it.
We ordered 3 breakfast dishes and they were all great! Pancake pecan was amazing! So was their omlette and cornbeef hash. This was by far the best meal we had on this Florida trip! and was one of the best breakfast we have ever had.
Skillets really is a great restaurant. Amazing food with huge portions. The staff are lovely and so friendly. I personally love the french toast with some eggs. I could eat their eggs, toast & pancakes till I pop. Large menu with lots of options. Must try if in the area!
Good food.l
No breakfast should cost over 30.00 for two . Eggs,Bacon, potatoes, pancakes, OJ (3.50). I would never come back, not just because of the outrageous prices, but it was mediocre food. The service was friendly though.
This used to be our FAVORITE place for breakfast.  But for the past few months it has not been the same.  The workers always knew us and treated us like family, however, new management has made this not so fun.   Food always remained good until today in which I was brought the wrong stuff and it was cold.  I know this could have been an off day for them but this was all I needed to say it'll be our last time going there. Sorry Skillets, you lost our business!
Wonderful hot food served quickly.  The potatoes in the skillet are amazing...hash browns mixed with sour cream, chives, green onions, and baked then topped within eggs of your choice.  Could easily have eaten a pound of the potatoes!  Will definitely return!
A local place open on Sunday for breakfast!  How nice.  The obvious choices here are their skillet breakfasts.  So not being obvious I had their biscuits and gravy with my choice of egg.  Mrs K. had the banana pancakes.  While $10. is expensive for biscuits and gravy I did get eggs included at the price.  Very good.  I did have a taste of the banana pancakes and boy they were great.  The great thing about finding a new place is you get to come back and try the obvious like a skillet breakfast.
Best brunch place so far! It truly is a hidden gem and thanks to Yelp reviews. I had the avocado, bacon and pepper jack frittata with potatoes. It is a feel good food and priced really well. The decor ummm...it is a conversation starter! Just order the food and then you will absolutely get passed it.
Great Huevos Rancheros. Hash browns are amazing. Service is great. Long line when we arrived but only 20 min wait for a table for 7 people at 10 am on a Sunday. Nice!
Fantastic!! Huge portions and excellent quality. This is the best breakfast in Bonita.
Excellent place for breakfast. Corned beef hash is homemade not from a can. Biscuits bread and scones are all made in house. If you go you must try the potatoes. They are a meal in themselves.
well i would give them a 3.7 star but i don't want to round that up to 4. it's good breakfast. it's not spectacular and they don't have any special flares. it's basic and plain, good ol' american breakfast. my friend and i were passing through bonita springs on a road trip and decided to check out this place. we were the youngest one at the restaurant with everyone else averaging around 40 years more elderly than us. it was a random tuesday at 10 am and the place was packed. everyone was very nice. we are both vegetarian, and both decided on a south beach burrito. we also got a potato pancake to share. the burrito was massive. the food was good. service was good and friendly. thanks for breakfast!
Me and my family ate here for brunch and everybody was pleased with there food...We would definitely come back.  I ordered the no carb skillet...I loved it.  They give you plenty of food..and Jennifer our waiter did an awesome job in serving us...And she did an awesome job interacting with the 2 kids at the table.
I found this gem on Yelp, and boy am I glad I did.  DELICIOUS! I had their crossiant french toast skillet, to die...their hashbrowns, amazing! The staff was extremely friendly.  What a great breakfast before getting back on the road...5 stars!
I had read good reviews on this breakfast place and assumed it would be hard to mess up breakfast food. BIG MISTAKE. Watered down coffee that was overpriced, dry grits, bland french toast. the only good thing was the biscuits and gravy and the service.
I was really disappointed as the reviews were so good.  Wife and I went here on a Friday and they were busy.  Took a bit to bring the food.  When it came the waitress says "they made the wrong dish for you, tell me how you like it" puts it down and leaves.  Really?  Well we didn't like it so off to get our waitress.  She says it will take another 15 minutes to make what we ordered in the first place.  We told her do not bother and then the bill came, they did nothing regarding taking the wrong item off.  I would not go back basked upon this.  There are many other places that are better such as First Watch for breakfast.
Favorite things were the bacon and hash-browns
In town for a day and found Skillets on Yelp. These folks have it down to perfection. The place was full but our wait was short. They have figured out how to serve their customers fast and efficiantly. Pitchers of ice water and coffee on every table. The menu was extensive with something for everyone. I had the best corned beef hash with their signature bacon. My wife had a vegetable fritatta and our friend eggs benadict. Wow the absolute best. Service was prompt, effecient and very friendly. I will be coming back. More restaurants should be run this well
Had an enjoyable lunch at skillets in Bonita Springs.  The food (especially the hash browns) was great, though I felt the size of the eggs they use old have been bigger.  The service and friendliness of the employees was impeccable, treating my daughters like a part of their family.  Highly recommend this place, but be forewarned its not that cheap for a breakfast stop...
Yummy skillets for brunch! John had the Denver skillet, while I had the "create your own" skillet...Carey's Selection = avocado, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes. Delish!
Four words: Pecan Crusted French Toast - nuff said! There menu is extensive and offers a lot of great options! Definitely a terrific breakfast joint to try!
I've been twice and while the food is pretty good, it's not great, and the decor is very country. However the staff is incredibly friendly and attentive.
Great food and a friendly staff.
once you get over the shock of the...uh...decor.... the food comes & it tastes fantastic!   i'll go there again next time i'm visiting with a wicked hangover.
