Best pho in Naples Must try's Crispy noodles dishes Beef pho Spring roll salad Favorite restuant in Naples
My first Pho - delicious!!! My first authentic Vietnamese dinner. (I'm normally used to Thai and Japanese Food). To make it short.... Nice (korean) staff Big portion Fresh ingredients Quality is alright Good chopsticks...easy to eat with Delicious sweet ice tea bottomless Maybe not enogh beef in my pho but still enougj to tame your hunger. Next time beeing in this area I will come back, certainly. Btw. Beef Pho is way better than Chicken Pho Thumps up!
Impressed!  VERY good, auth soup stock!   AMAZING "salt & pepper pink shrimp" is highly recommended.   Summer rolls are fresh and beautifully rolled with tasty veggie.   The Korean waitress is sweet and attentive.   The restaurant is super bald, plain,curt and dim like an old university cafeteria.  (it is clean)  I usually appreciate and enjoy beautiful ambiance which is also one of the good dining elements for me.  Well--- yesterday we ate at PF Chang whose food was barely eatable but ambiance is unique and fun for dinner.  Tonight Noodle Saigon's food was amazing but ambiance is not one I am excited about....which I would go back?  Without thinking, I would go back to Noodle Saigon!   Probably I would go by myself every night very casually if I am craving for real good food, not for a client dinner.
Excellent Vietnamese restaurant. Food is very fresh, clams are really good and the pho is perfect. The waitress is just amazing, she took care of us and was commenting the plates with a lot of details. The place is simple and quiet. Nothing fancy, just good. We will come back soon.
We decided to try this place based on Yelp reviews since we were craving good pho. The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Food was good but the portions were pathetic. I don't expect to find the same prices and value in SWFL as we used to in NY, but $12.50 for a large pho is a bit high considering that it was mostly soup. There was only a little bit of noodles and a few pieces of beef. We also ordered the calamari appetizer, which was very good but again, lacking in portion size. (See photo). My buddies, who are light eaters, even thought the portions were lacking. If you are looking for good vietnamese, you don't have many choices but at least the food is pretty good here.
We had the vegetarian bun bo hue and special pho (beef, tendon, and meat balls, unfortunately no tripe). Although a bit pricer than most other Pho places we've been, the soup bases were good.  The vegetarian soup was one of.the best flavored veggie soup I've had at a Vietnamese restaurant. Service was good. Her name was Kim. She very pleasant and attentive.
Delicious. My friend told me that there is a Vietnamese word that approximates "savoring good food with enjoyable friends."  I am so sorry that my own culture doesn't have a single, suitable word to capture that concept.  Saigon Noodle will do that for you, however, with its clean recipes ( no chemicals) and fresh ingredients in an attractive dining room.  Just add friends.
VIETNAM-TASTIC I've spent many years in Southwest Florida and finding a good restaurant was always hard. The food is usually mediocre and the service in high season is just terrible. But not this place. This is some of the best Vietnamese food I have ever had. I wish I could pack this whole location up and move it to Chicago. Honestly it is that good. The service was spot on.  Kim our waitress was delightful and amazing. She was very knowledgeable about the food. She ordered our food perfectly because sometimes we can order like Sally in the movie Harry met Sally.  Kim never wrote a single menu item or special order note down.  She took our order from memory and it came out perfect. I got mine extra extra spicy and it actually came out spicy. That never happens!  My wife wanted light light brown sauce instead of a heavy sauce. Kim told us that their sauce was light already but she would ask for it to be lighter. I must admit it was one of the best sauces I've ever tasted. I allegedly might have used a spoon to eat it off my wives plate like soup. And I would do it again. We started out with Summer Rolls with shrimp & pork and fresh veggies with a peanut dipping sauce. These were a refreshing choice over getting a deep fried egg roll. It is so nice to have something healthy. The quality was really nice and it was probably one of the best summer rolls I've ever had. For my main meal I went with the Roasted Pork egg noodles with shredded napa cabbage, shredded carrot, scallion, celery & onion topped with crushed peanuts. This was so delicious. I loved the choice of roasted pork and it actually influenced my choice. Most places don't take that extra step. There was no heavy sauce. It was just a giant plate of delicious. I also asked for extra extra spicy and it was perfect. Most places are afraid to make their dishes hot when a customer asks. This place listened to me and delivered the heat I needed. Thank you from the bottom of my stomach. I loved it. My wife ordered the Vegetable Stir fry with light sauce. It came with tofu but we were able to replace the tofu with more vegetables for no extra charge. The sauce was amazing. Our waitress said the sauce was light and she was right. Yum! Our little one ordered the Bone Marrow Soup with Chicken off the kids menu. I wish I was under 12 because this was one of the best food items I've ever had. I had to ask Kim about the broth and that is when I learned the base was bone marrow. The bowl was also a decent size with tender chicken and plenty of noodles. My little one also decided to be like Dad and use some chop sticks. That was a fun learning experience with soup. Everything was so amazing that we came back the next day and order the exact same things again. Is that wrong? Nope! It was that good. Our waitress Kim looked at us when we walked in and said, "You're back!" We told her we were dreaming all night about returning.  We also told her that we were only eating again if she was our waitress. Luckily she was the only waitress working the floor, so we lucked out. We had a 50% chance because only 2 waitresses work here. Talk about consistency. We also learned that the chefs are a husband and wife team and they do all of the cooking. This place runs so efficient with only 4 employees. The food quality is fantastic and Kim's customer service is out of this world. All of our food came out hot and just the way we ordered it. On our second trip we decided to try a new dish. So we ordered the Grilled Beef topped with fried shallots as an appetizer even though it was an entree. The beef was cooked perfectly. It was tender and very tasteful. It also came with brown rice, asparagus and a cucumber/carrot salad. The real star was the sauce on the side. We asked Kim and she told us it was a fish sauce and it is the ketchup of Vietnam. It was so good. Kim also was nice enough to give me a little container to go with my brown rice we had wrapped to take home. So if you find yourself in Naples, then this place is a must. It is some of the best food in the area. I am so glad that the locals and tourists are supporting this place because it's authentic food and not some crappy chain. I can hardly wait for our return trip back to the Naples to eat here again.
Worst server in the whole world. Talking loud, rude, and doesn't know how to do math.
Never realizes how much I would like Vietnamese food.  Go for a spring roll and the beef pho (hot soup with noodles).  Plate full of fresh basil, sprouts, and lemon wedges makes this amazing soup and adventure.  For this adventurous like myself, a hearty portion of the table seated srirachi will light make you break out in a sweat!
Naples doesn't have a very big diversity when it comes to worldly foods. But sit and eat at this place and your taste buds will beg to differ. The pho is delicious, well prepared and speedy, as were the rolls. Our lovely waitress was sweet and recommended us towards some delicious items on the menu. Make sure you order the rocket fuel (iced Vietnamese coffee). You'll be feeling great for days!
Hands down the best Pho I've eaten in a longtime. Best thing to know about this place is that the husband and wife run the kitchen and make all the food. This is the kind of place where the interior is simple, but the food is amazing. I'm guessing more money is put into high quality fresh ingredients then the decor, but who the hell cares about that unless the food sucks too. The waitress was great she knew all about the dishes and was very down to earth. I don't give out many 5 stars, but I was blown away by the soup.
When in Ho Chi Minh, visit Pho 24... But when in the USA, particularly Naples, Florida the place for authentic Vietnamese Food is Noodle Saigon....  Besides the PHO, everything from spring rolls to the Hungarian Beef is excellent.   The restaurant is clean, The staff is pleasant, prices are fair. That's a five-star my  opinion.
Horrible service.  They only had one server. When came to be seated.  She told us 30 mins, then turned us down bc they were closing in 50 mins. The server also gave us a horrible attitude.   I only gave this place one star because there wasn't an option for a negative.
Incredible food, great service!  I had the flat rice noodle chicken  w  curry added, it was excellent.  The menu offers a wide variety of dishes.
Excellent Pho, great service . I can here on a Saturday around 7 pm. It was not super busy. The waitress was very nice, answered my questions easily, and checked on me during the meal. I had the fried springs rolls - they were awesome. I had a large Pho - broth was excellent. Ordered the Special Pho with rare beef, meatballs, brisket, and tendon (latter of which I surprisingly liked a lot). and because it was a large added extra noodles and beef for $3.00.   Definitely recommend. If prices seem a little high - well now where else you going to go. Seriously it is good so if it costs a small premium (maybe $2-$3 per person) more than in a place like NYC.
The beef Pho is very good but not AMAZING. I have had it on four separate occasions and have always needed to doctor it in order to give the stock more substance. Having ordered the rare beef, brisket and finally the tendon combo, I can attest that the stock is always consistent. Sadly, I have taken to ordering extra noodles as well as protein because very little is included. For example, a large rare beef Pho had just 3 thin slices of beef (sic). The combo was a bit better but still, your paying quite a bit for stock, VERY little meat and some veggies. Once I add the extra noodle, $1.00 and protein, $2.00 you are talking$15 to $17 bucks for a nice bowl of Pho. That's pushing the envelope for me. I love a good curry and have had the lemongrass chicken curry and the beef curry . Both were quite tasty, reasonably portioned and priced at about $8.95 (lunch) . I prefer and order mine extra spicy.  With that sad,  the "curry hit"  is still relatively mild, it's not going to slap you in the face or make you drool when you smell it like an Indian curry or native Thai curry does.
I was in town for the day and thinking of places to eat. Vietnamese food? Sure! Haven't had it in a while. And so I Yelp'd it and this restaurant popped up. With pretty decent reviews and a craving for pho, I decided to make the trip here before going to Trader Joe's (but of course). First impression? Very nice atmosphere for a Vietnamese restaurant. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that Vietnamese restaurants are dingy at all, but I came in with an expectation of a plain atmosphere, but the interior was very tropical-y and the interior was well designed. So I was greeted by a waitress who gave one of the best services I've had by far. She was overwhelmingly polite, courteous and friendly. Being from Miami, I've always been used to sub par or rude people/horrible service, so this took me as a pleasant surprise and gave me faith in humanity, that great customer service and people can still be found elsewhere, especially in Florida. (And you didn't have to go to a 5-star restaurant to get it!) The food needless to say was delicious. I ordered a special pho, quail and spring roll (fried) appetizers. The quail was phenomenal. It came with 5 pieces and was about $8-9. They're small, but it's to be expected as it's not a "mass-produced" bird. Quail isn't as easy to find as, say chicken or turkey either so the price didn't bother me. The birds were sweet from the marinade (I think fish sauce could've been one of the ingredients in the marinade) and dipped in the lemon pepper sauce (bold flavor, but SO good) was a match made in heaven. (For those who've never had quail, it tastes like duck. Not gamey.) The spring rolls were a bit of disappointment though. If I could, I would take some minuscule amount, like .25 of a star off because of it. It costed $5 for 2 pieces (and I should've asked beforehand, but I assumed there'd be more). They were pretty small too and the flavors were okay, nothing special. I think it was too expensive for the size and amount, but oh well. The pho? Delicious. The broth wasn't watered down or bland, it had lots of flavor in it. The special had tendons, slices of beef and beef meatballs (I think that was it?) and I have no complaints over them. The small was perfect size when ordering appetizers, but it may be too small for those that eat a lot or for dinner. The pho costed about $10 for a small bowl, $12 for a large, and while it's a bit more expensive than other places I've been to (in Orlando or in Tampa for example), the fact that there aren't many places to choose from and that it was tasty made the price a bit more justifiable. Not horribly expensive, but not cheap either. My verdict? If you're in town, definitely give it a try. Prices are a bit steeper if you're used to the ones in Orlando or Tampa, but it's still a great place to eat at (and I'm willing to pay a bit more for great service, so it's not a big deal for me). The waitress (she's white) made it all more worth it. She even went out of her way to open the door for me on the way out! The restaurant is incredibly clean, nice, there's top-notch service... what more can you ask for?
Yelp pointed me in the right direction once again.   First time I've had Vietnamese since moving here, and I think it is the only one around.  Fortunately, the food was excellent. I had the Pho and tried one of their summer rolls as well.  Fresh, delicious, exactly as I remember it.  I prefer the rare beef in my Pho as the broth in the soup cooks it perfectly by the time it's brought to the table.  I'll definitely be back as they had a very expansive menu with many options.
Got some yummy seafood soup today for lunch! Big bowl, made spicy for me, just the way I like! Definitely good! They have a nice lunch menu too, but I wanted soup today! Will definitely go back!
The wait staff is too dumb and annoying.  Change it or I will not be coming back as the food isn't that good to be worth the aggravation.
The interior columns and entryway make no sense to me decor-wise, but food is delicious. I usually get whatever basil roll has the crispy pork in it - it's pretty much the best thing ever, especially with it's dipping sauce. The crunchy pork with the sweet sauce and basil...yum. I also get rare beef phö, and the broth is so flavorful it can stand on its own. Beef is tender and not overcooked. I have also tried the beef noodle salad bowl, which is also tasty. Everything tastes fresh and light on the palate. Waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.
Came in with a few colleagues at lunch time on a Friday. Not many people but I think the service time can be better, 20 mins for 4 guys. I tried the Pho veggie soup and it was ok as I have tried other Vietnamese restaurants too. Will I come again, may be but not for the Pho noodle soup.
My wife and I went for lunch at about 1:00. I have  enjoyed Pho all over Southeast Asia  and I would say that this soup was one of the best. The beef was tender and the stock used for this soup was authentic Vietnamese. cuisine. My wife had the Rare beef vermicelli and she loved it. The service was perfect. I would highly recommend this restaurant. I have never bothered to review any other establishment but I needed to  in this case
Great place.  Have been here many times and tried something different on each visit; everything has been delicious. This includes the fresh (non-fried) spring rolls with grilled pork, the spicy noodle soup with rare beef, and the grilled chicken or shrimp with brown rice & fried shallots. Perhaps my favorite thing to eat here doesn't even cost a dime: it's the crispy shrimp chips each table receives when you sit down. I can't get enough of those things. My wife grew up in Thailand and used to eat these (and make them!) all the time, and she loves the ones here as well. Much nicer decor than the typical hole-in-the-wall Asian diner, although the theme isn't exactly Vietnamese. They have a nicely arranged menu with pictures of each item to help you figure out what's what. I often see illustrated menus when we dine out in Thailand, but it seems rare here in the U.S. -- I find it a useful feature. Overall, I highly recommend Noodle Saigon.
This is a great Vietnamese restaurant. Pleasant decor in a strip mall 10 miles north of Naples on 41. We had a beef pho (P10 on the menu) and the noodle chicken curry (S4 on the menu). Both were delicious, although the curry flavor didn't really come through very well. Only bummer: they don't have Vietnamese sandwiches, which I just love. I wanted to order one to go. I am still scouring Lee & Collier counties looking for this fine item somewhere, but I've been unable to locate a restaurant or market that carries them!
Father PETA, forgive me for I have sinned. The only place this vegeterian will eat meat in the crispy rice spring rolls (Gulten free). Free shrimp chips at every table bring back my childhood, want to steal it from other tables that do not appreciate them. You know who is eating them because it is usually silent except for the crunching. Strange decor but typical J.O.B. (Just off the boat) Asian place. Old lady server is really nice, just looks mean and scary, its a cultural thing. GREAT FOOD! Lots of veggie choices and gluten free of course. Stop by and get the menu, its as thick as a book with pictures, think the higher prices must pay for its publishing. Bring it home cuz it introduces you to all the spices, very informative. Shoot, take some and sell them at the nearest corner, they are that colorful and glossy. Lots of room for big parties, tho echoey (remember the crunching?) Nice date place, price reflects that as well. Lunch is the better deal. Family can come but again.. if you have a crying baby...it WILL BE HEARD, just remember to run zig zag when the patrons throw their egg rolls at ya.
This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Naples/Bonita Springs area.  The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because, yes, the service is not always what most people would consider to be fast or formal.  But that's ok.  Most people who have never been to a vietnamese restaurant don't realize that you don't go there for the service.. you go there for the FOOD!!!  And Noodle Saigon has got the FOOD!   I always get their summer rolls, the fried spring rolls, and their pho with my tenderloin beef raw on the side.  I like to dip each individual piece and slowly cook it per bite.   Their ingredients are always fresh and they are very accommodating.  Oh, and if you like strong sweet iced coffee.. get a Vietnamese iced coffee and try not to suck down the entire thing in one gulp!  It should be leisurely sipped. I love the servers, who are extremely polite and patient, and the owners are also the cooks and take great pride in their work.  Feel free to ask them any questions.  They will take the time. The people who had a poor experience should try again.  Everyone has an occasional bad day.  And theirs is far and few between.
Looking for a quick meal close by tonight and found this on Yelp. Great appetizers and Beef Pho. Do go.
Everyone has had Chinese, most have had Thai, but the are not that many Vietnamese places around, and certainly few are as good as Noodle Saigon. Located in a large strip type mall in Naples (closer to Wiggins State Park and Wiggins Pass), once inside the atmosphere is dim and relaxing. There are some large LCD panels showing off the food which could be lost, but otherwise a very nice and simple atmosphere. The wait staff is friendly and helpful. If you are not sure of what to get, or how spicy you want it, just ask and they will gladly answer your questions and point you in the right direction without making you feel like an idiot.  ;-) The portions are large. We started with Vegetarian Summer roll and the Shrimp/Pork Summer roll. The rolls were delicious and the accompanying sauces (hoisin type sauce) were very tasty. Next up was the Pho, Vietnamese soup, We had the Beef noodle special which has eye-round-steak, beef brisket, meatballs and tendon. You can just flick aside the tendon is that is not to your liking, but the homemade beef broth for the Pho is absolutely to die for. Beef not to your liking? There is also chicken and vegetarian Pho choices available as well. Finally, the main course. One dish of Spicy Lemon Grass Chicken, and the other Stirred Fried Chicken and Vegetables, both served with brown rice. Both dishes extremely unique (not like Chinese, Thai, etc) and delicious. If you have never had Vietnamese cuisine before, give it a try and if you are in this area, this is definitely the place to be! By the time we left, we were stuffed and satisfied and all at a very reasonable price. Sensational.
We just had an awesome meal here.  I almost avoided it because of the average reviews, but I'm really glad we went.   We had a large seafood pho and a chicken curry noodle.  Both were perfect.  The pho broth was flavorful and spicy (as ordered) and shrimps were fresh and not overcooked like so many places serve.  The chicken curry was loaded with noodles and had a light, tasty flavor...extremely good.  They were served with side dishes veggies/and some clear tasty seasoning to add to the dishes. As to service...the place was not very crowded and they were extremely attentive and friendly.  They did not hover, and there was always someone in sight who was waiting on tables. A word on prices.  Our dishes were $10 and $12.  Both were large and we did not order anything else.  We both finished most of our dish.  They do sell smaller portions of these if you want.
Late 1 night I was surfing yelp and I saw all the reviews for this place. I Drive by this place everyday after work and I never stopped in there but one day before my shift started I decided to give it a try.  The interior of the restaurant was simple and modern with soothing music playing. I was greeted by a friendly staff and was quickly seated. I ordered the beef pho,  I heard nothing but good things about it.  The pho was "pho" nominal!  I meant to take a picture but I was in too much bliss and when I realized I forgot the picture I was already done. 15 dollars well spent.  I will be back soon.
My mom & I went to this restaurant for dinner tonight and the food was really good with the exception of the crispy noodles with chicken dish which was super bland. We shared 2 appetizers which were quite good. The atmosphere was very nice and the restaurant was spacious. People kept coming in at a steady pace too. The only negative was that the American server, Laura, was quite unpolished in her style. She was sarcastic when we asked a question about the menu, then took it even further to remind my mom that it was NOT a Thai restaurant. My mom is a world traveler and definitely knows the difference between Thai food and Vietnamese cuisine! She would also shout from a great distance, "are YOU the reservation?" while customers were trying to speak and enjoy dinner. I felt as if I were at Mel's Diner, not a trendy Vietnamese joint. I would go back only for the food, but the service was not friendly and very pushy. We were not asked if we wanted coffee or dessert, the check was placed down on our table while we still enjoying our main course. It is also on the expensive side. An appetizer was $12.00 which was just $2 less than our entree!
I was actually nervous going to the restaurant. I went with my friends and I'm glad I did. This place was so good and I will return.
Waitress was nice. I had the veggie pho with beef broth. It was good don't get me wrong..but nothing special. Also had the fresh spring rolls. Those were delicious.   I probably would not go again.
I had never had PHO before and my girlfriends were shocked. They invited me to meet them at there favorite place and it ended up being Noodle Saigon. We end up going there at least once a week and its just amazing. I'm not a beef eater but most of my girlfriends are and they really enjoy the Beef PHO. I stick with the chicken and its great. The spring rolls are a great meal starter as well!
Wonderful find in the Naples area ! On a crisp and cool saturday night , we decided to get some hot soup. My mom's vietnamese nail person suggested it  and she was spot on. The restaurant is sparse but comfortable with flat screen TV's showing pics of all the dishes and shots of Vietnam. We are vietnamese food veterans but the menu was very helpful since there were images and descriptions of every dish on the large menu. We started with spring rolls, summer rolls and a vietnamese crepe. All were very tasty but were served warm, not hot. For mains, we had a chicken pho, a chicken and cellophane noodle soup and a chicken and noodle dish. The soups were fantastic, flavourful and rich. Service was good until the place filled up but the staff were friendly and helpful. If I lived in Naples, this would be a regular stop. A lot better than waiting in line at the cookie cutter chain places that clutter rt  41.
This place is amazing in every category- service, food, and atmosphere. My husband and I moved down here from DC and had the hardest time finding a clean and authentic pho restaurant until we found Noodle Saigon. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who is searching for delicious viet cuisine.
I just moved to Florida from NJ and was really worried about finding good Vietnamese food. Some friends suggested we try this restaurant after they had a great experience there, so we all went back together and let me say..noodle Saigon did not disappoint! The Spring rolls were delicious, as was the rare beef pho. I am so happy that we found good pho in the area!! Everyone else I was with said the pork chops are fantastic & Our one friend actually goes there specifically for the pork chops. Get the Thai iced tea too! The service is great, atmosphere is great, good prices & awesome food! Definitely will be going back!
Cheap on portions; the large bowl of pho was like a small bowl but with more broth . Also 12 $ ? Prices need to be cheaper I can get a large bowl and more filling elsewhere. The spring roll is 6 bucks for basically one spring roll cut in half
I'd give this place a 2.5, but since the waitress told me my baby was cute, we'll round that sucker up to a 3.  Noodle Saigon is a typical Vietnamese eatery with some interesting leftover decor from what appeared to be a Greek restaurant at one point.  The reason to eat at Noodle Saigon is simple:  In a town full of chain restaurants, any non-chain restaurant is a blessing. Food:  Whenever trying a new Vietnamese place, you gotta try the pho as the default baseline dish.  And, it was ok.  I got the special pho which has the rare beef, tendon, and beef meatballs in it.  Authentic pho has tripe in it.  I'm guessing the chef didn't think Naples was a good place to put tripe in the food.  Anyway, the broth was well-flavored.  One massive thing missing besides the tripe was the basil leaves.  You're supposed to tear basil leaves and put it in your pho.  Given that this is Florida where basil can grow year round, this is no excuse.  My wife got one of the salad beef bowls which I did get a bite of, and that was tastier than my pho. Decor:  Like I said, it looks like they took over a Greek restaurant.  It still has these large Corinthian columns along the sides of the restaurant.  With that said, it's better decorated than most Vietnamese places I've been to.  The bathroom was cleaner than most Asian restaurants as well. Service:  She said my baby was cute.  I don't care if it took 2 years for my food to come out.  Seriously though, the food did come out slowly, especially for a Vietnamese place where most of the food is pre-prepared.  Otherwise, it was fine.  Maybe it just seemed like forever because the bebe was getting a bit fussy while we were waiting for the food. All in all, if I were back in the Naples area, I'd consider eating here again.  I'm thinking Vietnamese places aren't too common in this neck of the woods, so one that's decent is a gem.
The pho is a bit overpriced. Pho Vinh in Cape Coral is at least $2 cheaper. However, if you live near Naples, you might as well just go to Noodle Saigon rather than save $2 because of the gas you'll use driving all the way to Cape Coral. But I do also think Pho Vinh's pho tastes better. Good customer service. There are a lot of regulars and the wait staff is very nice.
I have been deprived of Vietnamese food for the past year. Since I've moved here 8 days ago, I've eaten here 4 times! Love the A25 (spring roll in summer roll-best idea ever!), pho with meatballs and bun cha gio thit nuong (one of my favorite comfort foods). I can't wait to explore more of the menu.
Best Vietnamese that I've had, and I've had my share.  My foodie friends convniced me to go, despite the striip mall setting.  We ended up going back twice in the span of three days, it was so damn good.   The food is prepared by a "mama-san" and her husband.  Standout items included the crepe, the pork spring rolls, and the pork chops (yes, you read that right, and they were incredible).  Pho broth is outstanding.  Anyone complaining about the long wait for food is misguided.  They prepare these dishes fresh, and take tremendous pride in the quality of what they serve.  My strong advice is to go with a group and let them just bring it...
I ordered noodle soup to go for my lunch few times... Usually I call ahead and picked up so that I dont have to wait....the food is not bad.... The bad thing is that dine in.  We waited too long for a bowl of soup and sizzling cake for dinner....What kind of the business is that they make customers waited forever while the owner and her family sat there and ate the food ? Gosh !!! The thing is that we saw some customers came before us waited for their food .... The owner and her family came after customers, but had the food first ....   I guess the chef too busied to cook dinner for the owner to eat  that why we waited over 45 minutes for the food.  It is not fair and I never come back again...
This place is fantastic.  Given the lack of Vietnamese places in the area we were extremely happy to find Noodle Saigon.  They have a huge menu with lots of variety, and so far everything we have had has been delicious.  I love pho and theirs ranks up there with some of the best that I have had.  Their vermicelli beef soup was also tasty and a bit different, it had shredded green cabbage in it and could be ordered to your desired spice level (the spicy, was spicier than I anticipated - and fantastic).  My wife loved the salad bowls (with virmicelli noodles) and theirs has more salad than we have had elsewhere and a fantastic fresh tasting sauce.  We will be back again to sample other parts of their menu!
Noodle Saigon is truly authentic, delish, and customer service is superb. Loved the choices of every noodle soup you can imagine! Loved the fresh veggie options to add into various soups. The atmosphere is lively, and the waitress hugs patrons sometimes. It was wonderful to see a kid's menu that offered something else besides funky fried foods. We'll be back soon!
I am from the NY/NJ area where there is an over abundance of Vietnamese restaurants.  So, trying to find one that compares in the SW Florida area, I thought would be a challenge.  Noodles Saigon has proven my wife an I wrong!  The prices are solid and affordable.  The taste and quality of the food are just as good or better than most up north.  You have to try the grilled pork chops!  The service is attentive and fast.  They do get a little chaotic and a little disorganized when it's crowded but small price to pay for flavorful Vietnamese food.  I have not tried the Pho yet but am looking forward to my next visit.  FYI  my wife and I have been there now 7 times in the last 4 months.  Good stuff!
Just had dinner at noodle Saigon and was  mighty impressed.  Although I've never been to Vietnam, the seasonings used seemed very authentic.  My husband and I shared the summer shrimp roll starter, which was lite and very fresh tasting. I had the beef pho 1, which was recommended by our server and was amazingly delicious.  The beef was tender, the veggies were fresh, and the broth was to die for.  Seriously, I wish they sold that broth by the gallon!  It was pretty great. My only complaint is that the dessert menu is very limited - only offer coconut ice cream.  However that's still not enough of a reason to remove a star from its rating.
Ate lunch here and we were not impressed with the food nor the menu.  The food didn't seem to be true Vietnamese, but rather a fusion of Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese.  The spices in our dish didn't seem quite right.  I wanted to experience the great food I remembered when I lived in Vietnam and came away with a blah feeling.  I give it a C rating  --  not good nor bad....sigh.
One of my favorite places for ethnic food in Naples/Bonita.  Their dishes are great.  The crispy egg noodle with mixed vegetables is among my favorites.  Highly recommended!
We had a late lunch here today. Being from the SF Bay Area, I never expect Asian food to be good in other places. This place was an extraordinarily pleasant surprise. We had spring rolls with shrimp. Excellent. Very fresh and clean tasting. Then I had the flat rice noodles with tofu. It was absolutely delicious. Good sized portion, and again, very clean tasting. The Vietnamese iced coffee was also delicious. My husband liked his chicken pho a lot, and my sister in law enjoyed her flat rice noodle chicken dish equally. I would go back again in a heartbeat, and would probably order the same things again. My husband, on the other hand, would keep going until he tried everything on the menu. Based on all the dishes today, it gets a solid 5 stars.
Was a little under the weather and wanted some good soup.  Didn't want to sit in a chain place to get it.  Then remembered the Yelp reviews for this place.  Had the chicken soup with glass noodles.  Very good.  Wife got the beef Pho.  Liked that too.  Got the small bowl and it was just right.  Very fresh. Very clean place.  Helpful staff.  Mix of newbies and regulars in the house..  Free wifi.  Ask the staff for the password.
Absolutely delicious!!! Went there two days in a row!
I am a pho connoisseur, if such a thing exists. I travel a lot, and always try the pho wherever I may be. Noodles Saigon has very authentic, flavor pho that I truly enjoyed. The price is a bit steep, reflecting most places in the Naples area.  I did have to ask for fish sauce (wasn't on the table), and they had hoisin sauce out instead of the oyster sauce I'm used to seeing. But overall, a great experience, and I will go back again!
This is the site of the Italian restaurant Sotte Voce. All its decor has been retained. The food is pretty good but you had better have some knowledge of Vietnamese food before you go in as the waitress on the evening we were there had no idea. When asked a question she picked up the menu and read what it said. She was the only person in sight so service was uneven as she greeted people at the door and served all the tables.
I'm only going to give this place 3 stars. The pho was good enough, but it lacked taste really and the service was super slow. I have never been to a pho restaurant that took so long. Also, it is entirely too expensive for what it was. If you must have pho in Naples, then I guess this place is just ok.
I took take out from this restaurant recently on vacation in fort myers area. The food was by far the worst vietnamese I have ever tasted. There was no spice or flavor in the two dishes we ordered. One was rice noodles with vegetables and tofu. Other was fried rice with veggies and tofu. We had to eat them with left over garlic basil sauce from a previous days meal and chips. In one word: BORING!
Great food!!!! Love the place. Low fat, tasty and healthy.
Good food- very authentic. Nice to have quality pho in the area, and the service is always great. Thai iced tea and a decent beer selection to start you off...try the shrimp paste wrapped in tofu...you will be surprised. Spring rolls with the pork are delicious. If you aren't sure, the server will help you out. We go once a week or so...cant wait to try it again. Just don't ever get the "extra beef" ($2) for your pho...I'm pretty sure they don't add anything at all.
Have been here many times before and the food has always been very good and the service has been slow but okay. However, tonight was absolutely terrible. Long wait for a table and once we were seated they brought out our waters but then we were ignored for 45 MINUTES. We finally caught a waitress's eye and asked to order. We waited another 15 minutes and finally decided to leave. We will most definitely not be back.
We have tried this place a few times during our trips to Florida, and the service and food have been solid.  Some of the items are not 100% authentic, but tasty nevertheless.  If you have not tried Vietnamese food, this is a good one to try out.  Lots of healthy options.
Pretty good pho
I've never eaten here myself but pretty much everyone I know swears by this place. If I liked this style of food I'd try it but I don't so I can't say for sure but from what I hear this place rocks.
This was a real treat! I'm still new to Vietnamese cuisine, so all I can tell you is that it was really yummy! My dinner partner and I got there early in the evening....5ish, and we were the only ones there. We were both there for Pho, but I decided to try something new as well, so we ordered a Nuong vi appetizer with the shrimp. Not only was it extra yummy, but it was fun as well. We were given all of the ingredients to assemble what can be best described as transparent Vietnamese burritos. The ingredients were nice and fresh, the assembly was simple, and the end result was out of this world!  The pho arrived hot and yummy, with all of the usual condiments, and was very tasty. The waitress that served us was a very sweet woman, warm and chatty, and was a real pleasure to visit with. All in all, out of all of the dinners I had on my short vacation, this one was, by far, the very best. I really look forward to my next trip to Bonita Springs....Noodles Saigon will be a must stop!
Wonderful po beef noodle soup take out. Planning definitely to go back often.
Great Vietnamese food!
First of all the service is very attentive and friendly.  The food is very fresh! we love the pho and the sizzling shrimp It's  perfectly prepared. This is a very casual restaurant. We go for the food not the ambiance.
Great Pho Soup - best in the area
