Well it seems the reviews are all over the place.  Someone said it was out of date, Thats not the case this is a fairly new restaurant.  The noise level was ok and the food I thought was fantastic. I had the 3 flight of wine sampler and went for the high end Reds... I loved all the wines and then the fact that I got a glass to boot.  It came with a flat bread pizza and the special for the night was lobster flat bread.  For a $5.00 up-charge I ordered the lobster flat bread and boy was it worth the money. I think they gave me an entire lobster tail as the pizza was loaded with lobster meat.  The lobster was moist and the sauce they used on the pizza was perfect. It was not sweet nor was it super high in calories... yea.. My Mother had the Trout and it was a whole piece of trout. Again, it was cooked perfectly, not dry, just right. With her dinner came carrots and they were whole peeled carrots. She also had the potato to go with her dinner.  We ended with a mini desert and it was just the right amount.  Truly an enjoyable dinner for both of us, for less than $50.00 including wine.
I have been to other Seasons 52 in Florida (Orlando area) and was much more impressed with those locations. The service was pretty mediocre, if not worse.  Our waiter was too busy flirting with a girl at another table to give notice to anyone else.   I had the chili, which had a weird taste - it was edible, but not very good.  The only redeeming part of the meal was the flatbread, which was delicious.  Otherwise, this dining experience would have gotten a 1 star.  Disappointing - will not be going back.
We were excited to try this in FL however I found the meals and ambiance really subpar in comparison to CA. Our waiter was great and witty. Food was eh for some reason for me and the decor was muted maybe Bc it was older. Crowd def seemed older as well. I ordered the branzino which normally is great but here it seemed shriveled and not flavorful.
What isn't there to like about this restaurant?  Everything is 475 calories or less, everything is delicious, wait staff is friendly and knowledgable, wine selection is extensive, decor is warm and inviting with perfectly dim lights and everything is reasonably priced. My rack of lamb was huge delicious and only cost $26.95. I've easily paid twice that for same at other places. The scallops/risotto plate was very large as well. Very satisfying. You would think the portions are small to be able to keep entrees below 475 calories but I did not find that to be the case. Will be back for sure. Now I know why the one in Miami is always full when I walk by.
A wonderful dining experience.
Nice surprise! Have always passed Seasons 52 all over the country but thought it was a mall chain restaurant and never stopped in.  We we finally did and boy were we pleasantly surprised. First, we had an amazing waiter, smart and funny. Then we had an amazing meal of scallops, tacos and chili all of that was amazing as well.  Coffee and dessert was a winner as well. The atmosphere was very cool, we will be back often.
Went here for dinner after a movie at the Mercato. We had the lobster flat bread appetizer which was quite good. Also had a glass of wine with dinner which was fine, along with splitting a Greek salad and scallops for the main dish. Overall the food was tasty, but service was a bit spotty. Would go back.
Awesome food. Great job for a large wedding party. Servers were excellent and food was good. Love the drinks. I highly recommend for anyone who wants to have a small wedding reception under a 100 people.
Not great. Didn't realize this was a chain restaurant when we made a reservation and definitely seemed like one. Despite the valet parking, ambiance (less than stellar lounge singer) and food was very blah - adequate but unremarkable. There are much better places in Naples.
Amazing food, ordered the steak salad came with tomatoes, corn, and three chunks of steak. My husband ordered the lettus wrap fish tacos... Came with 3 tacos had chunks of fish and tasted alright, he orders (mashed potatoes) they forgot them so after 10 minutes asked a worker passing by to grab them, our waitress finally brings out some potato balls so we told her we wanted mashed, SO she takes them back and smooshes them with a FOrK!!! Had to ask the bus girl multiple times to refill our drinks, which isn't her job... What's bothered me was they had food sitting under the heated lamps for well over 20 minutes..... The employee was cleaning silverware with a rag that she REPEATEDLY cleaned tables, chairs and anything that was unsanitary to be cleaning silverware with.... Again food is good but maybe they ought to retrain the staff and find another manager to get these workers up to spec
This is my favorite chain in the country. I've been to a number and can only hope they get one in Michigan at some point. On a typical trip I'll eat here multiple nights. Excellent wine list, I like that. Current fave is Diablo Carmenere by the glass. On the spring june the asparagus soup with lemon chantilly is awesome. The lobster and mozzarella flatbread is very good (though the mushroom flatbread from winter is better). The sea bass is also a spring offering, also excellent. Deserts, as always, are great. Turkey skewer and pork tenderloin are my two go-to entrees. The tuna crunch salad is also quite good.
The menu was fantastic.  We of course had to make it a 3 course meal, starting with the prosciutto flatbread. It was amazing, as were my husband's lamb chops and my pork on polenta entrée. Try one of the desserts.  They are mini and just the right ending to a perfect meal you will long remember. Our waiter was well trained and attentive also. I agree with reviewer Scott...we need one in Michigan!
Fabulous dining experience as always.  Jessie and Steve took very good care of us.  We can't wait to come back.
Decent meal and very good service.  One of the better food chain experiences and certainly a good option when traveling and in need of a safe choice.  They are not going to win any culinary awards but they do provide a more upscale (Outback) environment.   The wine list was extensive and the bathrooms were spotless.  We will be back.
Ate here for dinner the other night with my wife and we really enjoyed our meal. The service was also great. My wife had a salad and I had the filet mignon. We both enjoyed our dishes. For the price, the steak was pretty good and cooked exactly how I requested it. We also had desert and enjoyed it as well....our server brought out a rack that had all of them on display; they are a bunch of mini deserts all in cups. For $2.75 they were delicious! My wife had key lime and I had pecan pie; they were pretty damn satisfying and a good way to end out meal. Will be back for sure
Very friendly staff. We had a large group and 2 kids. Very nice ambience. They stopped and chatted with my 18 mo old. I had the wild Alaskan salmon off the summer menu and it was amazing. Service was excellent.  Wife also had a salmon salad and was amazing as well (pictured)
One of the worst waitresses by the name of Michaele.  We ordered a flatbread pizza for a 20 month old and said they burnt the pizza so they would redo it. Well she lied and forgot.  Just tell the truth and then take it off the bill.  Not only did she charge for the pizza but it did not come until after the 3 adults had been served and we ordered 20 minutes after. Very slow service and loud inside.  A lot better restaurants around to try.
The Filet was reasonably priced at $26 bucks.  I've paid more for a filet, but also have had better filet.  The mussels were amazing, the service was excellent, the piano player was awkward, but in a funny laugh at him kind of way. I would come here again!
Amazing. I hate salads but will eat it here. How do they do it? Organic and delicious. Make it easy to eat my veggies. Food was incredible. Had Salmon and of course dessert. Decor is perfect, seating is comfy. Good for singles or groups. Beautiful bar area. Service is attentive and professional. Consistently excellent all the way around. TIP: Open for lunch during the weekdays. Perfect for business meetings.
THIS IS A FIRST for me. Five stars for a chain restaurant. Although its against my snobby principles to do so, I must admit that this place deserves the max. My wife & I came in during off season (September) for lunch and we each went with their special "Flights and Flatbreads' deal. She had a Spicy Chipotle Shrimp Flatbread with white and I had the daily special Mushroom Flatbread with red. Both flatbreads were absolutely delicious; they are long narrow rectangles served on a board with a very thin crust. The flights consists of a sampling of three either red or white wines. The samples are ample, 2 or 3 ounces, I'd say, and then you select your favorite and get an entire glass of it. In all, it's the equivalent of 2 glasses of wine, so be prepared! The flight and the flatbread together are $15; very reasonable, I thought. Service - 5 STARS Food - 5 STARS Ambiance/Decor - 5 STARS Food - 5 STAR Value - 5 STARS
Pork Tenderloin just so so
Great quality food for a chain. The meals are all low calorie, though, and while some people might love this, I felt that it jacked up the price. I didn't want a low cal dinner, so I had to pay way more for dinner than I usually would because I ordered three courses (which I never do).
Did not know what to expect with the 475 max calorie per item.   Wow, we all were pleasantly surprized. So much flavor in every bite.   We are visiting parents and now they have a new favorite place to dine. What an intelligent concept. The only issue was that they do not serve bread.  It goes against their philosophy of healthy meals.  Fortunately, this issue was taken care of by our incredible waitress that stole bread typically served with soup with a side of olive oil and parmesan.  This is very important to my parents which have not returned to restaurants that have no bread.  She did announce that they should not get use to this service since it is not the norm.   Over all, beautiful restaurant, free valet parking, great food.
The idea behind this restaurant is very cool - every dish is less than 475 calories. Granted, if you decide to eat 6 items, this will backfire. But it's really great to see a health conscious restaurant coming forward with ideas like calories and portion control. Most restaurants serve WAY too much food, and jack up the prices accordingly. Seasons 52 however serves portioned meals at reflective prices. Seasons 52 is also committed to sourcing local ingredients; menu items may change regionally based on market availability. The menu blends traditional ideas with modern flavors. The service at this particular location has always been impeccable. I am usually here with my parents, who are vegetarian, so we end up sharing a bunch of apps, salads, and sides and the staff has always been happy to accommodate. Two locations are opening in MA this summer, I'm super excited!
Seasons 52 really is the beacon of Darden Restaurants. The top of the peak, shall I say. (Far more "fine dining" than Olive Garden or Red Lobster.) And this Seasons 52 really reflects that. I went here with my family (made a reservation at 6:30 PM, got there around 6:24 and got a seat right away.) and we had a great time. The ambience was nice, the furnishings were nice, the customer service was nice, and the food was... delicious! Every single one of us finished everything we ordered. All the entrées were rich and the flavors were very well married. Everything just... fell into place. Too bad it's frowned upon to lick your plate in the fine dining setting. The customer service was not a let down either, no where near it. Our waiter was prompt, nice, and clearly enjoyed his job; he was just plain great at it. (And by the by, if your waiter recommends you get the Organic Baby Spinach salad, do it. Just  go for it, I loved it.) The night was a nice one. Slightly expensive, but you --definitely-- get what you pay for. If you don't want to spend upwards of 100$ (for a party of three/four or more, that is) there's always the ever-so-present McDonald's down the street.
First things first, the place is very pretty on the exterior and you feel important walking in and they have valet.  The interior also feels rich with traditional dark wood decor and open dining room feel.  The service is on point.  Our server was attentive, anticipated our drink needs, made sure to tell us about the concept in a non annoying way and was passionate about her job.  We love that.   The menu isn't vast, in my opinion. The food being under 475 calories makes it kind of bland.  We did like the spicy BBQ flatbread-surprisingly tasty and delicious , the goat cheese ravioli was so so, nothing spectacular, I had ahi tuna salad as an entree which was basically some greenery, tasteless tuna, and dressing. My husband had the lamb chops which he ate but also wasn't too blown away by.  We ate here for dinner then went to Menchies for dessert.  Their dessert offerings didn't seem like they'd be fabulous, again based on max 475 calorie concept.  They come in little serving flutes or something. I felt we got a nice variety of dishes for the price but had only one margarita. $100 for two people, three apps, salad, and two entrees. Next time were eating at mercato, it won't be here...probably the Pub.
After waiting aprox 40 minutes for a table of two I did a walk through and did notice tables open in one of the back rooms (near the kitchen) . As a person who works in the industry this aggravated me a lot because I ask if the table was open the response was that it was.This seemed to be fault of the (female) manager in charge because she was rude and condescending with her answer when I asked if we could sit at the available tables. If she is a the unprofessional representation of the restaurant and the company then clearly it should and will be avoided. Shame on you Seasons
Decided to give this place another shot. Made reservations for Father's Day but it wasn't necessary. The place had a nice crowd but there was no wait. I wasn't totally impressed with my meal yet again but it was definitely better than my last choice. We ordered a few appetizers...the lobster spring rolls (which are served cold btw )and artichoke and goat cheese flat bread. Both were mediocre. I ordered the rainbow trout, a beautiful piece of fish which was also pretty tasty...nicely grilled and seasoned to perfection. It was served with bland carrots and potatoes. I also ordered a side order of asparagus which was nice. My husband had salmon which tasted good but nothing I would order again. My daughter, whom by the way was the talk of the restaurant, had cheese flatbread. She seemed to like it. The staff kept coming to our table to tell us how gorgeous she is and how well behaved she was  (they have no clue). We ordered dessert shots that were pretty good but overall, the food was a bit boring. I understand the concept behind Seasons 52 and so I will just say, the concept is great and leave it at that.
Fantastic. Couldn't recommend this place more. I had the spring rolls to start, the rack of lamb which was cooked so perfectly, and then the mini mango cheesecake for dessert. So delicious! And our waiter was EXCELLENT as well. Very attentive but not annoying, personable and he didn't rush us.
Jen was AMAZING! She was friendly, engaging, accommodating, she is "hospitality" I came here for my parents 25th anniversary. They love it here, I've never heard of it! I can tell you though I will go back and I definitely would recommend this restaurant to friends, and family. And the less than 475 calorie is just icing on the cake! The food is great, the deserts are even better! Especially because they're more than willing to satisfy their guests! Love, love, love and I can't wait to return!
Salmon perfect.. Scallops delicious... Risotto had way too much lemon. The asparagus soup also way too much lemon. Service was also very slow this time.
Made a reservation via Yelp on Open table for late Easter night.  Had the goat cheese ravioli, salad, and the grilled shrimp with risotto. We were sat at the bar and greeted by bartender, who was very nice.  Our actual server, was not that nice.  And quite honestly, we didn't need her since the bartender did all of the real work. The food was great per usual.  Although our server was having an off night, her attitude will not dissuade us from dining here again.
Excellent food! Something for everyone
Awesome experience! Beautiful restaurant overall. Great service. Love the low calorie concept.  Healthy, upscale food option. Would eat here again.
This is my testimonial for a fabulous experience at Seasons 52. Far from your typical "chain" establishment. You are greeted by complimentary valet. The hostess and wait staff greet you by name. The atmosphere is fabulous with a live piano player & singer, with a fire & woodsy ambiance. The food is 100% delicious, not to mention every item under 475 calories. The anticipation was worth the wait. Season 52, Naples welcomes you!
Popped in for a quick bite before heading off to an event in North Naples; was seated quickly at the bar, where I was served in an efficient, professional manner by the bartender (who's name I can't recall). The menu's emphasis is on fresh, seasonal ingredients (everything under 475 calories, and there's no butter or fried foods on it), with a wine list that's a balance of well-known wines and off-the-beaten path selections. I opted to try the steak and mushroom flatbread. Perfectly grilled steak, with caramalized onions, thin-sliced mushrooms, and a sprinkling of blue cheese. Excellent flavor, and a good value. The flatbread and a Coke ran just north of $15 after the tip. Sounds a little steep, but for the quality of the meal, it's actually pretty decent; I've paid more and enjoyed it less at other restaurants..
I finally got around to checking out Seasons 52 last night, and let me tell you, this place was HOPPIN. Not bad for a Wednesday night in Naples. Arriving at 6:30  (sigh), we encountered a 90 minute wait and found a packed bar. Granted, everyone at said bar had a full head of grey hair, but by Naples standards, I'd say this must be where all the cool kids come for happy hour. Luckily a table opened up sooner rather than later and my parents and I were seated quickly in the far back room. The restaurant is quite large, but the noise level stays relatively low and the songs of the piano man add a nice mood (though why any man would sing Adele I don't know - no competition!). By 8:30, the back area had pretty much cleared out and the main dining room looked significantly less crowded. The concept is cool: the menu changes every three months (with every SEASON) and the chef's special list changes every week (or 52 times a year). That's why it's called SEASONS 52! Get it? Even better, every menu on the item - from apps to entrees - is less than 475 calories. Our super friendly server - Jason O. - did a great job of explaining as much and was very attentive and knowledgeable throughout the night. Unfortunately, the food didn't wow me and I doubt I will return but to order drinks and apps at the bar. The flatbread - for which Seasons 52 is known - was quite good; we went with the Portobello and truffle oil. Mmm. My entrée - the grilled mahi mahi - was pretty bad, though. In all fairness, it came with olives, which I absolutely hate, so the meal was marred from the start. Why the restaurant wouldn't put it in the description, I don't know. I had a bite of my dad's trout and my mom's flatbread - both were much better than my mahi mahi, but not enough to make me say o-m-g. The desserts were okay but nothing to write home about (though enough to warrant a Yelp mention). Each dessert - there are about 12 from which to choose - comes in a shot glass-sized dish. My dad's chocolate cake tasting was a-o-k, as was my key lime pie, but my mom's red velvet (with cream cheese frosting) was definitely the winner. Regardless, not one of them had more than 300 calories, so not much was lost. For the three of us, the bill totaled approximately $150 (I wasn't drinking). While not over the top, I definitely could have spent that money elsewhere for a better dining experience.
I;ve been known to be a resto snob,  But this is a chain that I welcome to Naples.  From the staff in their urban-tight, black t-shirts and short jackets who do everything by guest name....Very Clubbish touch by all, from the maitre d' to the valet...to the carefully crafted menu.   You don't need a smartphone app to know the caloric heft of menu items here because it's already printed and promised for you.   I ordered cedar plank salmon.  There it was, on the slim wood that transferred it's aromatic, smokey essence to the fish.  Another plank appeared when we ordered flatbread laden with steak and mushrooms.  How funny, though, when the takeout box came for the leftover flatbread.  It's more than a foot and a half long. I felt seriously conspicuous leaving with what could have been a mobile billboard. Great food.  A piano player is at the keyboard in the bar every evening, too.
Words can't explain how excited I was to hear they opened Seasons 52 in Naples. Hubby and I were on a nice beach getaway and headed straight there for one of our nights out. The place just doesn't dissapoint. Besides the fact that everything is under 475 calories, the food is just fantastic. You'd think that being all "healthy" food, that the food's not filling or tastes like cardboard, but that's not the case at all. Everything from the appetizers to the desserts are fantastic. First off, make sure you get a flatbread. Hubs and I don't even bother with the appetizers because we know the flatbreads are satisfying enough. They're baked just right and come in a variety of flavor combos. This time around, Hubs ordered the Goat Cheese Ravioli (and I stole some pieces, naturally). Delicious! But then again, I have a slight bias toward goat cheese recently.... I ordered the Filet Mignon and it was perfect. Tender, juicy and packed with flavor. It was served up with seasonal veggies and it was a filling yet light meal. After my filling meal, my dessert tummy was still hungry, and I ordered the Red Velvet shooter dessert. It's the only one I've ever tried from here, but it's so good. And again, doesn't make me feel like a cow afterward. I'm really glad Seasons expanded to the sunny west coast of Florida. Now we have a go-to place for all our future vacations. ;-)
Tried this place w/ the Misses back when they opened here in Naples, liked it, but couldn't remember what I ate, wasn't full, but wasn't hungry... perfect for the Misses, but I'm a guy who eats quite a bit, not a good match for a 'light-menu'/'under 500 calorie' gimmick restaurant, but I will say, the latest visit was good! The goat-cheese ravioli w/ roasted garlic & tomato blew my mind, had to use a spoon to gobble up every bit of it-- Fantastic!! The chicken-chilli-relleno was light, flovorful & although I'm not big on chicken, unless it's in 'chicken-wing' form, I dug it. Only bummer was the black-bean & meat chilli- the meat was a no show, it was more a soup than a chilli, a very watery 'chilli'--- but I thought of it as the best friggin' black bean soup I've had in a long time, so it's all good (minus that weird multi-grain breadstick/crouton thingy they serve with it, not even the Misses was down with that...) Service was fantastic, look of the place is great (but seems to have a certain shelf-life to it, so I hope it gets updated every few years, like the menu, to keep it fresh...) All in all, a great time! & very reasonably priced!! We'll definately be back!
Very cozy inside.   I had the pan seared tuna salad, which was unbelievable. I'll go back !!
Having never been to a Seasons 52, we went a couple of weeks ago and experienced their "Summer" menu.  It's a very unique kind of place, with everything supposedly being under 475 calories.  Everything was fresh, grilled, and they have a lot of organic options. I had their salmon, which was great.  BUT...the fact that they don't use butter (and they will in fact tell you that they don't have butter in their kitchen) can really leave something to be desired sometimes.  For example, with my meal I got these roasted potatoes, and they REAAAAAAAAAAALLY needed some freaking butter.  Dry.  But, everything else was fantastic. Also, the mini-desserts were really tasty..however, while I appreciate the whole "under 475 calorie" thing, if I want to order a full sized dessert, the option should be available.  I'm a big boy, I can handle it.
I was anxiously waiting the arrival of Seasons 52 in Naples, and the day finally came! While I try to avoid chains, this is one restaurant that has always been top notch regardless of where it is. I went with the bf on opening day for a quick lunch. The hostess was very friendly and we were seated promptly. You could tell everyone was still in training mode with their awkwardness, but still prompt and attentive. I ordered the Rosemary & Parmesan Cheese flatbread and bf ordered the fish tacos. Both were excellent! We didn't do the dessert this time, but if you go I highly recommend trying several of the dessert shots! Again, love the concept of keeping everything fresh and figure friendly. And the prices are reasonable too!
I originally gave Seasons 52 only 2 stars after my first visit there.  The manager contacted me and apologized for the experience and sent me a gift card to come try them again.  I decided to use my gift card today and took my daughter and my mother for an early Mothers Day lunch.  We were seated right away at a booth.  Everyone was kind.  Our server Jennifer was absolutely fantastic.  She was personable and really on top of her game.  My daughter had a flatbread and cup of roasted tomato soup, my mother had chicken skewers that came with mango salsa and a salad and I had the goat cheese ravioli.  Every single item was absolutely fantastic!  We also each had a dessert and we really enjoyed those as well. Upon realizing we were there for an early Mothers Day lunch Jennifer offered to take a photo of us.  She did and came back a few minutes later with the photo printed out.  It was a lovely gesture and very much appreciated. I can honestly increase my original 2 stars to 5 stars today.  Today's experience completely changed my mind about Seasons 52 and I will certainly be back.  I wanted to also thank management for taking my concerns seriously and doing something about it.
Great food at a great value. We came on a busy Wednesday when every table was taken but still got
5 stars for food 5 stars, we thought, for amazing service.. 0 stars for a poorly attempted $30 rip off on the bill. we were so shocked and disappointed. Check your bill everyone...
I'm a huge fan of Seasons 52 after having it when I lived in Miami.  I'm so glad they opened the Naples location!  It's delicious, a healthier option and reasonably priced for the quality.  While they tout that all their dishes are low calorie, the portions are still good.  They change their menu every season and have weekly specials, so it's always a new treat with high quality ingredients.  The service is excellent and the atmosphere is nice.   Menu suggestions: steak & mushroom flatbread, pork tenderloin, turkey skewers, salmon, anything with the polenta
Good service. Great ambience. The food was up to par as suggested by other reviewers. They did not have a good variety of items in the menu though. I guess there was probably one veggie dish which was nice but it would have been better to have more options.
I had been wanting to try Seasons 52 for quite some time and I am glad that we did.  The restaurant's atmosphere was comfortable, upscale, but not pretentious.  It's a wonderful place to take guests.  The meals are all healthy choices, tasteful, freshly prepared - based upon ingredients that are fresh and seasonal.  The dishes are presented attractively as well.  I'm a sucker for nice plating and presentation accompanied by delicious, well-balanced flavors!  Parking is located behind the restaurant.  You can also make reservations online.  We enjoyed a flatbread, a type of shrimp salad, barbequed chicken skewers, and dessert shooters.  I've posted pictures. They present all of the varieties of dessert shooters at once and you choose the ones that you want.  They then take the remaining shooters back to the kitchen.  We thought that we were being shown the "display" of shooters and that they would bring us our chosen shooters from the kitchen, but surprisingly, we were served directly from the presented shooters.  I was just thinking how gross it would be if someone unexpectedly coughed or sneezed over the dessert shooters.  They would then be served their shooters and the remaining ones would be shown to the next dinner party.  Of course, the ones that had been chosen would be replaced, but the remaining ones that had been coughed or sneezed upon would be shown to the next dinner party.  That thought kinda grossed me out a bit.
Love Seasnon 52 and have been going there for quite some time. Great ambience and delicious ,healthy food without all the calories.  The service is always excellent and tonight we had the pleasure of being served by "ALi" who told us she was new to serving which was quite surprising since she was exceptionally good. Do not miss Seasons 52 if you are looking for a good meal, nice atmosphere, and excellent service.
Excellent. Always fresh in season and really done perfectly. Lemon grass mussels were delicious. Planked salmon with dill butter sauce could not have been better. Great wine list and very attentive wait staff.
Not like this place needs another positive review, but Seasons 52 never disappoints. The food is fresh and prepared delectably. Wine list is very impressive and everything is available for a taste. I like that they pour from the bottle at the table. Mini-desserts are great!
Love this place, where everything is under 450 calories.  Fresh ingredients, mostly grilled.  I ordered soup & salad & I really love the freshness of their house salad.  Chicken & garlic flatbread is good.  I suggest to always start your meal with their signatures flat bread.  Steak sirloin comes with healthy sides of asparagus, grilled mushrooms and red steamed carrots.  Grilled buttered corn w/ roasted pepper puree is well presented.  Waitstaff is awesome!   I will definitely recommend.
Great on all fronts. The food is fabulous, we started with flatbreads both times, and both were wonderful. I had such a love affair with scallops the first time, I had to get them again. Quality ingredients, great, but simple simple recipes, and thorough service add up to a five start review. The ambiance is great, intimate with a live piano player. Leave room for a dessert shot, they top off a perfect meal. Worth every penny.
I've never had a bad meal here. The service is consistently good, the portions surprisingly filling given the 475 calorie parameters, and a great wine list. Enjoy!
Loved it, really good small plate menu, great service and atmosphere. Variety of menu and portion size allows trying several for a meal and price is ok also. Loved the dessert "shot" sampler.
The atmosphere is pleasant and the staff welcoming & friendly. I am thrilled to have a restaurant around who serves healthier food in reasonable portions. I love the servings being under 475 calories! I hate how most restaurants slather the food with tons of cheese & sauces. They cover up poor quality foods that way. Seasons 52, however, doesn't need to camouflage their food - it's just plain delicious! The other characteristic that's nice if the menu changes based on the seasons - hence the name. It just gives more variety. Wish we had one in Estero!
One of my favorites. I love the ambience, the service. I really like the vegetarian sampler, the trout, the sushi and flatbreads. I don't care too much for their salmon. Their prices are very reasonable.
Delicious! We haven't had a poor meal here yet! I will note the service can be a bit unpredictable. Sometimes our service is outstanding, and sometimes our server drops a tray on my foot.  I really appreciate the vegetarian options, the lighter fare, and the intimate setting!
Consistently good food and service. Great for calorie counters....all meals under 500, but it doesnt taste like it. The menu changes seasonally and they have a very good wine list. This chain is very popular all over, so reservations are suggested.  There is also seating around the bar area, first come first served.
We stopped in after a day of shopping on Sunday and tried their Flights & Flatbread special. I got like two glasses of wine with the tastings and a flatbread for $15. You can't beat that and of course the bartender, the food and service was great. I look forward to going back soon.
Great birthday dinner for me. Love the food at Seasons.
Great seasonal menu
Always amazing!
Finally got to dinner here after hearing raves from friends and spouse. Sad to say I was a little disappointed. The flatbread appetizer was a big hit and one serving was enough to share amongst the four of us. My entree of grilled shrimp and risotto left me underwhelmed and I probably should have returned it. The shrimp was overcooked and dry; I know the portion sizes are carefully calibrated but a tablespoon sized (maybe) portion of risotto that was dry, tasteless, and gooey-really? The mini dessert  glasses were excellent but I agree with another reviewer it would be better to choose from a mock display and then served a fresh and COLD dessert from the kitchen. Our server was excellent and enough to boost my review from two stars to three.
Loved the food, but did not feel welcome. On a quiet Sunday afternoon, when the restaurant was nearly empty, we were told there would be a "few minute" wait. Nearly 10 minutes later, we heard the blond hostess tell several more customers that it would be a 10-20-minute wait. They did not stay. Did I mention that the restaurant was nearly empty? We finally asked to be seated at the bar. The food was fresh, innovative and lovely, but the dining experience starts at the front door. Such a classy establishment should have equally welcoming employees, especially on slow days.
four of us had fish: three Copper River salmon and one snapper. All were superb and the corn/tomato/red pepper bed for the fish was innovative and outstanding in flavor. Service was excellent, as usual. This is a not-to-miss restaurant on your culinary sojourns. Joe J Ft Myers
The salads, dessert shooters and flatbreads are awesome.  The complimentary valet is a nice touch and the service was good.  Overall a nice night
Summary: great food, great experience ... unless you get seated in the Children's and Tourists' Room. Highly creative and unusual dishes are this restaurant's hallmarks. It prides itself on fresh, seasonal ingredients, and claims "no dish over 450 calories" -- both plausible and incredible given the exquisite presentations. Every time we eat here, maybe once a month, there are new menu items. We always try them, because they might not be available next time. Unusual and quite reasonably priced wine list, from which we've found a few selections for bottle purchasing later. If you like a lively and slightly loud atmosphere (which we do), try to be seated in the main room or in one of the bar booths. In season, you'll wait a while (or maybe never get seated there), but try. The other room is like a hotel ballroom. Good local-celebrity watching, too -- the TV babes, the famous surgeons you see on commercials down here, the mayors.
This place is really busy. We dined here last Tuesday night and the place was jammed. Of course, south Florida is at the height of "the season" so if you don't have a reservation anywhere, you're not getting in. First of all our server was perfect, as he knew everything about the menu and the wine list. The menu is limited but really great. I would have eaten almost anything on the menu. Portions were just right and the open air kitchen makes for a wonderful atmosphere. Even the small shooter size desserts were impressive and we had to have one. We can't wait to go back when we are in Naples again.
Excellent fresh, local food and good service. Make sure you have a reservation because we had one and we still had to wait for 30 minutes. Good selection of food and lovely decor. Very popular so it was loud and was tricky to hear each other, but it quieted out as the evening drew to a close. There's no need for the pianist in the bar due to the noise level in the restaurant. Food and wine were terrific, prices are reasonable.
I attended a surprise birthday party held at Seasons 52 last night.  As this was my first time in the restaurant, I have to say that I was very impressed with their party room.  There was room to mingle and we sat comfortably at tables of 8.  There had to be about 60 of us.  Guest were given a printed party menu.  I had the seared scallops and they were out of this world.  So many times I've ordered scallops that tasted rubbery but these scallops were cooked to perfection.  The wait staff were pleasant and attentive.  After my first taste of the scallops, I had already decided that my husband and I would come back again for dinner.  Thanks to my hosts and Seasons 52 for a wonderful evening.
One of the most fun meals I have ever had. Great wine selection. Seasonally inspired menu that changes a few times per year. The flatbreads as an appetizer are a must. Dessert shooters are a neat and fun idea. Atmosphere is rather loud, not that it was an annoyance, but if you are looking for a intimate quiet meal you may want to save Seasons 52 for another night. Otherwise, you can't go wrong.
Great variety of menu choices. Everything we ordered was prepared and presented quite well. The service was very good too.
I dined at Seasons 52 for the first time with my aunt. With a reservation, we were greeted and seated immediately. The food came out quickly, was well presented, and flavorful. Without knowing, I wouldn't have been able to tell the entrees had 470 calories or less! I ordered the BBQ chicken salad and my aunt ordered the mahi mahi special. We also enjoyed two of the perfectly portioned mini indulgence desserts (pecan pie and key lime pie) -- delish. Our server, Jennifer, was sweet and attentive. My only complaint is that the phone rang at the hostess desk constantly (near where we were sitting) and was distracting.
Took awhile to get here...was hoping it was all hype. Honestly was very impressed on our first visit. Food, atmosphere and service will get me in for a second visit!! Cheers to you Seasons 52!
Awesome! Service was impeccable- Christa brought champagne to our table when she greeted us. (my husband was asked if there was a Special occasion when he made the reservation) Gyro lamb flatbread appetizer was yummy My filet mignon was perfect! My husband had an Asian Tuna dish- loved it! Mango cheesecake was very good. Perfect place for that very special occasion!
Although this is one of our go-to's and has an excellent ambiance, the service and the food quality are not up to par.  With a dozen or so dining experiences at the location in Naples, I reflect to a visit of one of the first locations in CA where the food quality seemed much better, and if I remember correctly, the waiter said it was locally sourced. After trying most entrées, I stick to the soup and (off-the-menu) Rosemary flat bread followed by a great cup of coffee or cappuccino and desert.  The wine menu is decent as well.  Aside from the likes, the produce seems modified and most of the mains seem like a food service when flying abroad.
I worked with Brooke for a private room for a wedding party. She, and all the staff I had contact with, were helpful and professional. The event went without a hitch: service was outstanding, menu selections fresh and seasonal, and the price was competitive. I recommend this for group as well as individual dining. A wonderful experience..
Wonderful looking new restaurant that is not pretentious....quite  accommodating of families.   Fish dishes renewed my belief that some restaurants-especially this one!-know how to actually prepare them well... Courteous and pleasant dining experience!  :D
After spending midday at the beach we stopped here for a nice late lunch.  This was the perfect place for us because we all had different appetites after snacking on the beach.  The portions were not too big and the calories were low.  We all found something that was a perfect fit for our appetite, and also had room for the tiny shot glass desserts which were fantastic!
food is very good.  Drinks are very expensive.  Will go again.
dinner - much different story ... made reservations through their site - a reminder email and phone message were left prior to evening ... seated promptly when arriving ... placed order with specific requests, entree was not prepared as ordered, it took two returns to get it right - however, the chef comped the dish ... there was also a mixup on a side dish order, the server made it right with correct  billing and comped desserts ... Our first experience at S52 was not so great - after this meal, I will go back ... The ingredients, preparation, decor and service are testament to why this place was completely packed on an early Saturday night in season ...
I was very impressed as soon as I walked in.   The decor is amazing.  Its a modern restaurant that is masterfully designed from the top to bottom.  The ceilings are very high and the environment created is very open and sophisticated. The food was amazing.  the flat breads were very good.  Overall the food was flavorful yet not very fattening.  Overall I like the overall menu.  The wine selection looked amazing. The service was very attentive and warm.  The waitress was patient and caring.   It is very reasonably priced as well
Great restaurant. Wonderful menu - something for everyone. Imaginatively prepared. Great service. A definite must for Naples dining. The lamb was Devine.
I will definitely be coming back!
This is a solid 5 star restaurant.  We made a reservation on opentable.  We get there, they say "we already seated you."  um, no, i'm standing right in front of you...."oh...we must have clicked your name by accident or something." crap.  the place is super crowded, tons of people waiting outside, and they basically just lost our reservation.  just crap.  we get a buzzer thinger and "just wait about 15 minutes."  crap. 5 minutes later the manager seats us at a great quiet corner table in the back room. very nicely handled.   the food is straightforward.  we got a bottle of wine, about what i expected.  flatbread pizza appetizer was good as the waitress reocommended it.  i got the prawns and pasta, husband got the scallops.  both were good size, not too much, not too little.  taste was decent, not the best food in the world, but pretty darn good.  we opted for three of the little dessert shots, all were awesome.  get the peanut butter chocolate mousse for sure.   our waitress tried very hard, she came off kind of annoying, but A for effort.  I'm a hands off person, don't need the chatter.   I was really impressed with the management here, people were scooting in and out pretty quickly, table next to us sat and talked for about an hour after their bill came and they got no hassle, and it seemed to have zero effect on the flow of the tables, very nice.  the prices are very reasonable.  older crowd, not sure why, i'm pretty young and i liked it.   i'll be back if we return to naples.
Seasons 52 is one of my favorite SW Florida restaurants.  Food is always good, calorie and portion-controlled, and the atmosphere so gracious.  A Winner!
Loved this. Wish it would come to Columbus, OH. Everything delicious. Superb! Great wine too! I had arugula salad. And a chicken curry soup. My husband had scallops. We started with a goat cheese and artichoke flatbread. Impressed that toppings were generous. Food was great and was nice knowing everything reasonable calories.
This place has a great atmosphere and the food is excellent and fairly priced
Great place. I had the salmon salad. Wonderful greens with salmon on top. presentation was beautiful. Desserts were small and just enough to finish off the lunch. Cannot wait to go back.
Once you have tried a Seasons 42, you will always accept any you find.  They have the whole things down right. Menu is dynamic and tasteful; wines are varied and reasonable.  The Naples operation suffers service problems, but the food is worth that little inconvenience - remember youo are in a city with a huge demand for servers and little supply.  They really work at training staff.  RESERVATIONS ARE A MUST.
They have a nice and healthy seasonal menu. Try them.
This restaurant always has a great menu, knowledgeable and upbeat servers and provides a relaxing and fun dining experience.
First visit, nice place a little pricy but good.  They have a canned speech about calories just don't ask them any other info about their food, you'll just get a blank stare.
Outstanding decor, fantastic service, great wine list and a VERY healthy menu.
Atmosphere and service were excellent but the food leaves much to be desired. This is my second time eating dinner at Seasons 52 and both times I ordered a fish special. Both times the fish was bland and unexciting. This past Friday I ordered the mango snapper curry. It came topped with a very bland sauce, not even remotely resembling or tasting like curry. I was extremely disappointed. The price tag for that was $25. My husband had the roasted chicken which looked great but was dry inside. Bummer again. Oh, and the appetizer of stuffed mushrooms with shrimp was a joke. It came in an escargot dish which meant the mushrooms were tiny, not hulled out and the whole dish was covered with a mound of Panko and dried tiny shrimp. I don't think I will waste my money again on this restaurant.
Had the best experience this place has wonderful food & people everything was wonderful I believe I had the best service ever from estela she's such a sweet person would deff request her next time
Took my mom for a birthday lunch.  We were concerned about having a heavy meal so i took her to Seasons 52 on a friend's recommendation.  The food was fresh, fast, and delicious.  Their fresh tomato mozzarella salad was great along with the flat-breads with chorizo and goat cheese and fresh scallop entree.  Everybody enjoyed their food and our server was fantastic.  The only thing that prevented me from giving 5-stars was that the portions weren't the biggest (i'm guessing that's how they manage their 475 calorie cutoff) and the prices are not fantastic.  They had some lovely sounding martinis but were about $12 ea. which curbed my enthusiasm a bit lol.  The prices and petite portions seem to make it a perfect fit for the older Naples crowd who don't eat too much and enjoys water with lemon.   For me it didn't work in my favor but that said, it was otherwise a great experience.  I'm sure i'll be back!
What can you say, good fast, heathy and not overpriced.  Enjoy..
We had a fabulous experience.  2 ordered the Salmon, 2 ordered the trout.  Food was delicious, service and atmosphere were terrific.  The portions were certainly filling and price was well within reason.
I made reservations with Brooke during the week of January 16 for a party of 15 who were in Naples on a business trip from Chicago.  The reservation was for the evening of Monday, January 23rd. I requested of Brooke that my party be seated at 2 round tables of 8 next to each other.  When my party arrived we were directed to one long table. Myself and one other member of my party insisted on the 2 tables of 8. The young man in charge at that time of the evening informed us that he could not change our seating because the restaurant was full and Brooke had not left my specific instructions. I looked bad in front of my party. I was disappointed that Brooke did not leave my instructions for the staff. This was the first time I was in the restaurant and a comment from one very important member of my party was that the restaurant was poorly managed. What could have otherwise been a very pleasant evening was marred by Brooke not following through.
i know this restaurant has franchise dna but this place is extremely lovely!  i was in town on business and my colleague and i drove up and down tamiami and thought this would be a great place to stop for dinner.  it was crowded and a 40-minute wait for a table but there were two seats open at the bar so we decided to dine there.  we started with bevvies, me a local organic amber ale called monk in the trunk and it was super quenching!  we shared some wonderful mussels. i had a taste for salad as an entree so i had the maui tuna crunch. the taste was delightful with the ahi tuna, pineapple, toasted almond w/miso dressing and was just the right portion. my colleague had the carmelized grilled sea scallops.  she offered a taste and it was amazing!  the service is friendly, and accommodating.  there was a keyboard singer at the bar that evening which was a nice touch in the ambiance.  this is a great place for dining for any type of celebrating or for no particular reason but to just have a nice and delicious meal.
