Went here a few weeks back and ordered the Po Boy remoulade only to my surprise the shrimp weren't fried I thought all po boys had fried shrimp but hey I guess I should have asked. The sandwich was tasty but messy the bread didn't really accompany all the ingredients well and it left the tasty shrimp falling off the sandwich. I will definitely try it again at some point but hope they will make some improvements with there techniques.
Thought I would go for the Friday fies and chips Wasn't told there were other All U eat specials ,, noticed at the next table ,, ribs / shrimp .. Ordered the Onion Rings ... 4 pieces that resembled a ring and 5 small piecesof something else... The fish was greasy.. Ordered a couple  more to see if it gets better.... Waitress forgot ???  the order... TWO othe wait staff asked if they could help.... 19 minutes later , I got the fish .... A little better .. It was hot. This place needs a lot of help.. Cheap food does not equate to  a quality experince RATING 1 out of 5
Very convenient to our house.  Love this place! food is great!  We came Thursday thinking its all you can eat shrimp nite, but even better, unlimited fish & chips & wings too! Yey! Good deal.  I ordered fish & chips, don't forget the malt vinegar.  Coconut shrimp is excellent.  Don't forget Wed is all you can eat ribs, make sure to check their website to be sure.  Worth to note that one side dish is included in your meal.  Place is so modest, no decor at all, no music, just plain & simple, well impt thing is food is delicious.
Boom boom shrimp poboy us the way to go!!
Great servings, tons of shrimp, and the PoBoy sauces were fantastic.  Really good prices,too!
We ate there on our last night in Naples thanks to Yelp reviews.  The food was great!  I had the fried oysters and my husband had the daily special, all you can eat shrimp.  The only negative was the shrimp bisque.  It was too thick with mushy shrimp.  My husband accidentally left his credit card in the restaurant and the waiter really went the extra mile.  Knowing we were leaving the next morning and not having our phone number, the waiter called our card company,  and alerted them to the problem.  We were 500 miles away from Naples when we realized we had left our card so this really helped.  Thanks for not just tossing the card in a drawer and waiting for us to make the first move.
This place is fantastic. I have not been that crazy about the dining options here in Naples, but this place really rocked. I had the Boom Boom Shrimp Poboy and it was simply amazing. The shrimp were good sized and plentiful, the flavoring was so good I just couldn't get enough. The bread was good, but not authentic (but it's hard to replicate New Orleans bread) I had a mix of fries and onion rings, they were ok, but not on par with the sandwich. Looking forward to returning.
I have had "Poboys" bookmarked for quite sometime.  Mrs. K. and I stopped in for lunch.  I had the "blackened shrimp po boy".  Every time I took a bite of food my mind was just telling quick eat another bite.  Plenty of shrimp served on a hoagie roll with a side order of homemade hand cut french-fries.  Both just outstanding.   This restaurant is a mom and pop operation.  When Mrs. K. and I were there it was a one man operation.  Owner, server, and wondered it he was cooking also but did not see him actually cooking.  So some people might not cut him slack but it was off season and I am sure he was in survival mode. I wanted to come back for one more visit before we came home but it was not in the cards.  Mrs. K. had the fish and chips and I had a bite.  Awesome.  I so wanted to try the fish and chips but that must wait till my next trip in the fall.
Husband and I are on vacation from crystal river Florida and were looking for reasonable priced fish. This place was great!! I had fish and chips and the hubby had boom boom shrimp and both were great! We recommend  this place!!
This place was quaint and a little gem. The food was great and I would definitely be back. The bang bang shrimp tastes just like bonefish grill. The flavors were spot on. The onion rings were crispy perfection and didn't suffer from the breaking sliding off the onion problem. They have flat panel tvs throughout which would make this a great spot to watch sports.
Had a fabulous BBQ shrimp po boy sandwich here the other day. When I pulled up to the place, I could see smoke billowing out from the side of the building. The smell was nostalgic and drew me in right away. For ten bucks I got a monster of a sandwich that probably had about 10-12 good size shrimp. Lightly battered and the flavor was more like hot wing sauce than BBQ....got it with the onion rings. They REALLY love their onion rings down here in southwest Florida!!! These were more battered than the ones I had the night before at Steamers, but the onion slices themselves were thicker as well. I'm definitely going to try and make it back here one more time before we leave paradise and head back to the freezing cold that is Chicago winters. I definitely recommend eating here as opposed to Randy's which is right down the street.
They get 5 stars just for their onion rings from me.  I grew up loving The Varsity in Atlanta, GA and they will always be the standard-bearer for onion rings in my life.  Poboys style is very similar with a the perfect crunch and flavor. It is a shack, it is in a stip mall, but it is a very clean/organized shack with excellent prices.  They do fried food, and they do fried food right.  I just have to be careful of making it a habit lest I accelerate the clogging of my arteries.
Who would of known a good place was in a strip  mall.  It located across from  the Trader Joes of Naples. I had the blacken shrimp po boy with onion rings. Fresh shrimp and tasty.  Onion Rings were great. Lightly batter and crispy . Done right. Staff excellent attitude and quick. 2 quirky thing  1&5 dollar bills hanging from the ceiling. Redneck salt and pepper shakers. Made from SOB corona bottle  :-)... Not fancy just real good food. So make this a destination before or after Trader Joes.
I decided to give Poboys a try from seeing some reviews on yelp. I brought my parents in to try it out.  My father and I had the all you can eat fish for 10.99 and my mother got the all you can eat shrimp for 10.99.  The food came out quickly and was fresh from the fryer.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the beer batter was delicious and the french fries are hand cut.  They give you 2 huge pieces of fish - Which was Haddock by the way. (This was a big plus for me since it is hard to find in restaurants in the south.)  My mothers shrimp was great too.  They give you a lot to start with.  We all got 2nds which was way too much for all of us.  They give you 2 more pieces of fish and a bowl of shrimp.   2 reviews that were on yelp almost deterred me from going to Poboys - and I am glad I disregarded them.  One stated the food was too greasy.  This lady obviously has not had fried food before because that is what happens when you put something in a fryer! What else would you expect??   The other guy complained about his 2nd round of shrimp having only  7 shrimp, and they were in a bowl.  Any place that offers all you can eat are going to ration out your portions so they don't waste, especially seafood. Simply ask for more when you are done.  I am glad I didn't heed the warning of these 2 brainiacs because I would have missed out on a great place to eat.  Will be coming back here again to try one of the poboys and fried pickles!
Fish was not fresh,  very mushy and over cooked.  Blackened fish tasted like season dealt with a bit of fennel. Way over priced for the quality,  or lack thereof.  Service was fast & friendly though.
Amazing for a bite after the beach! Casual atmosphere, friendly service, and clean! The buffalo shrimp Po-Boy is full of big juicy shrimp and just the right kick! Crusty bread, big juicy tomatoes, perfect breading, and to die for shrimp!
For some reason the Poboy I had tasted like anise...besides that there was no flavor to it and same with the grouper platter.  It was pretty crowded and there were only two servers who kept disappearing. The food took way too long to come out. How long does it take to put a side salad together?!  They tell you to seat yourself which is fine but hey thanks for being aware enough to tell me that but then not come over to the table for ten minutes while I sit there with nothing (not even a menu).  We literally had to ask the people next to us if we could look at one of theirs.  Oh and when the waitress finally came over she didn't even bring menus with her! I'Im just saying it's cheap comparatively to the other restaurants in Naples but we still spent $40 and it would be nice to feel like it was worth it but it wasn't at all. Ps I got a soda and it arrived with the straw already in the cup with no paper on it.  If the restaurant looked a little cleaner this wouldn't bother me but if and when you go here you'll understand why it grossed me out.   I'm giving them two stars because they all seem like genuinely nice people... They should just stop serving dinner.  They have the look and feel of a lunch place and to be honest I probably wouldn't be so critical if I was going here for lunch, its really laid back and lively but its just doesn't have the right vibe or food for dinner.  Pretty much everything on their menu sounds more like something you'd eat for lunch.  The platters seem like an over priced after thought.
Had lunch here today--the beer battered fried fish, fries and onion rings.   First the pluses:  it's a cute, casual place and the waitress was very friendly and good natured.  Service was quick. The bad news:  the food was just so so soooo greasy.  All of it.  Grease just oozing out of the fish batter, which probably would have been good, cooked to a golden brown, if it weren't so damned greasy! I might consider going back for a sandwich but as for anything fried? FORGET IT!
Cheap, fun, tasty. Its affordable tasty food in Naples area.   Not the most upscale but does the trick.
When I learned that Cruisers (at 99th and 41) had closed I was deeply upset.  Then I found out that Shawn, the owner, had moved north (near the 7/11 and south of Immokalee-106th st,) and opened PoBoys Shrimp Shack.  Well the name is a misnomer.  Yes they have great shrimp, whole belly clams, oysters, crawfish but also the best burgers in Naples.  and they are totally honest:  the 1/2 pound burger starts at 10 oz and is 1/2 lb when cooked.  Or a 1 pounder is 20 oz but 16 when cooked perfectly the way you order it.  And all hand formed. Back to the seafood:  there are specials every day -- Wednesday was unlimited ribs (and good).  The mixed basket of shrimp and clams was excellent and very reasonably priced.  (included small salad and fries + cole slaw).   And I had the Oyster PoBoy which was too big to pick up.  I managed somehow.  Not only was it humongous and stuffed with oysters but also delicious.  Order with either the onion rings or skin on french fries. Just had the Friday fish fry: all you can eat and drink for $13.  Breaded; beer battered; blackened; or grilled.  Delicious.  Comes with an unlimited side - ok I had 1/2 onion rings and fries.  IMO the best onion rings and fries in town. Oh watch the food network for a story shortly. Tell Shawn the Burgermaven sent you.
I liked PoBoy's Shrimp Shack, cool place going on here... Had the fried clams, fresh clams, w/ light delicious batter. Onion rings were hand battered, Fries were done from scratch in the kitchen, the shrimp Po Boy was a unique thing to get here in Naples, I would go back when I'm in the area. My only 2 problems are #1)-- They go through the trouble of making everything on site, & they do a GREAT job, but they don't season anything, the batter to the clams is very well done, but there's no hint of any seasoning, not even S&P, it's just very well done zero-seasoned batter, minor detail but huge to the overall experience, nothing was seasoned. Kudos to the Shrimp Shack for putting out great food despite this. #2)-- There's a weird stickiness to the place, there was no music playing when we ate & there was this 'SHLucK, SHLucK, SHLuck, SHLuck'... sound effect from everyone walking around in the dining room, you can feel your shoe gettin slightly attached to the floor as you head to the can, the tables have the same quality, nothing is dirty, no soda spilt, I think it's a side-effect from a restaurant that mostly does fried fare, either their hood vents need to be cleaned or the cleaning crew needs some extra elbow grease. Again, the place isn't dirty, but that kinda stood out in the surroundings. I would go back, despite the stickiness, The food was great, the guy (owner?) who waited on us was a cool cat, Great food.
Nice music and. Good people's.   nice place better then Fred's diner.  Nice. Food.  Good place to park  Ingrid. K Spindler. The serve not.  To  good. You have to wait. And go to the desk. To tell.
Wow, great daily specials.  If I lived in Naples I would eat here everyday. Great job guys.
Yelp steered us to the right place again.  Fresh shrimp, great o-rings.  Courteous waiter and inexpensive.  Decor is kind of hole in the wall but the food more than makes up for it.  Been driving past this place for five years and never noticed it.  Thanks to Yelp, I will be back again.
We went here last night for dinner. 5.50 for my shrimp po boy. 3.50  for a plate of fresh cut homade fries loaded with cheese, sour cream, chili, real bacon, and jalapenos. It easily fed 2 people. 5.99 for a kids meal. It comes out in a cute little car like steak-and-shake and it INCLUDES a shake or soft drink. Deal!  If you don't want to eat heavy they offer salads that are quite large. The owner came out to our table and was very nice. Can't wait to come back and try the 13.95 all you can eat fish special. GREAT VALUE- GREAT QUAILTY!
Friendly service. Reasonably priced seafood. Great atmosphere. Saw Poboys had good reviews on yelp so we decided to try it. Glad we did!  I recommend the boom boom shrimp which was fried and served in a sweet and spicy sauce. So good! Also, get the onion rings!
Great po boys! I love the bang bang shrimp po boy and my boyfriend loves the buffalo shrimp po boy. The fries weren't anything to write home about, but the onion rings are different. but great. Prices are awesome as well. The restaurant is a lot bigger than I expected it to be given its location, but we've only gotten our food to go so far. We plan on eating there in the near future though.
My husband and I stopper here to try somewhere different.  It was pretty dead on a Saturday night...that worried me a bit, but we were pleasantly surprised.  My husband is Brutish and pretty picky about his fish and chips but he was well impressed with the fish at the Shrimp Shack.  He said it was the best he was had here in the states.  I had the shrimp and it was yummy...We will be back, the prices are very reasonable and the portions and great as well.
Shawn the owner/chef  is great ...always out to please ....the food is always done just right....I love the sauteed spinach as a side ...the burgers are the best in town ...and all you can eat ????who can beat it ???
If you are expecting great fried products, this is the place! I ordered fish and chips and a fried shrimp Po Boy with onion rings. Both were exactly what I wanted, light crisp battter and a good portion! The onion rings were battered in house and were light and very tasty. The chips were also made in house. Nothing like good fresh cut fries! The place was clean and people very friendly. I can't recommend this place highly enough! Plus they have all you can eat fish, shrimp and ribs!!
My first time here and definitely will be back next time I am in Naples! Ordered the boom boom shrimp po boy and conch fritters to take to the beach! It was the best lunch ever - the sauce on the sandwich was so flavorful and had a nice kick but not spicey.  Conch fritters were amazing not doughey and very flavorful! The dipping sauce was also very tasty and flavorful.
Inexpensive & good.  Service is hit n miss
I'm not a local, and I have only been here once. I have a feeling this may turn into a 5 star place for me. I was very impressed. It's very casual, but you get fresh made food. You can get carry out or can eat in and be waited on. A good portion of there menu consist of Po'boy items that are basically like a sub sandwich (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Po…). They also offer all you can eat specials for fish, shrimp, a combo, or ribs.
Food was absolutely terrible! Poor quality of everything. Burgers and boom boom shrimp reviews are a joke. These positive reviews must be by friends of the owner. Do NOT come here!
