My wife and I had the pleasure of dining at Angelina's last night for our anniversary. Our waiter, Brett, was extremely helpful and provided excellent recommendations including the calamari and grouper appetizer and the Amore Amora cocktail which was excellent. I had the daily special of lamb tenderloin with broccolini, roasted potatoes and lamb meatballs. My wife had their lasagna which was amazing. I cannot recommend this place enough. This will be our go-to restaurant for special occasions.
Have been several times over the last year. Valet is great. Wine selection incredible. We have probably enjoyed the bar dining more than the formal dining areas. Service was below average when dining in the dining room last October  server was probably new.  Veal chop not cooked well. Pasta always good, had a salad with beets that was outstanding and really liked the after dinner drink that was offered.  Bar has a piano player that sounds great. Overall will keep going back.
AN OASIS OF EXCELLENT FOOD IN A DESERT OF MEDIOCRITY I was in Bonita Springs for a conference and found Angelina's on Yelp. The exterior did not look too promising and the inside is very over-decorated, but I came for the food, and the food was superb. Excellent professional and knowledgeable service, amazing antipasti course, hand-made pasta, perfectly cooked meat and fish, and a beautifully curated wine list. New Yorkers like me can be terrible food snobs, but this place would not be out of place up in the Big Apple. Ignore the 1 star reviews, which seem to be mostly from disgruntled people complaining about minor inconveniences. The food is the main event here and it's amazing.
WOW! Five star food and service! From the parmaggiano balsamico and fresh crackers with garlic and oil paste (I am not sure exactly how to describe this delicious dip) to the fresh hand made pasta selection.... The scallops... To die for. Desserts were delicious as well. AMAZING WINE SELECTION! A five course meal for certain. Cozy atmosphere in their little rounded secluded booths and private dining tables.... Just spectacular. I LOVE 'one off' restaurants that deliver in every area! Pricey but WELL worth it. Impressive!
It was planned from the start, a meal at Angelina's on our trip to the Bonita Springs/Naples area. After doing our research on Yelp and TripAdvisor, this was a no-brainer. The night we landed in Florida, we dropped our bags at the hotel, and headed out to Angelina's. We were first welcomed by a very kind valet who took our vehicle, and then we were greeted by a sign that said "Appropriate Attire Required".  We were in our travel clothes, hubby in his Polo sweatsuit and me in denim leggings and a lightweight hoodie. We were tentative to say the least as we walked in the door. But . . . we were seated right away (without reservations), and we weren't relegated to the furthest table in the back either!  What does "proper attire" mean these days anyway? Our server was friendly and knowledgeable, and very patient. I am usually so wishy-washy, even after I have reviewed the menu on line at least half a dozen times! The atmosphere is old school Italian, dimly lit, dark furnishings, table cloths . . . and the clientele ran the gamut, from well-heeled to casual. The food was well above average with the traditional Italian courses, and there were so many choices as well as specials. Angelina's also boasts quite an impressive wine list. I wasn't crazy about the Bex Mosel Riesling, but those Rieslings are always hit and miss. We started with the calamari appetizer -- dredged in herbed flour, fried with lemon and served with a chili-olive aioli -- it was perfectly cooked and deliciously seasoned. My hubby, the fried calamari connoisseur, deemed it one of the best he has had!  His entree was a heaping tender and juicy portion of Veal Piccata which was heavenly. I ordered the Dentice saltato in padella -- a pan-seared snapper accompanied by a cauliflower parmesan cake and sauteed peas and pancetta. My mouth is watering as I am thinking about it, especially the cauliflower concoction . . . I've got to learn how to make that myself.  We also ordered a side of Eggplant Parm (I am the eggplant parm connoisseur) and found it to be quite tasty but had a little too much tomato for my liking. We were too tired and full to go for dessert, but they all sounded wonderful, especially the cannoli!  Had we not been so busy, we would surely have entertained another trip to Angelina's.
Yummi. A short word for a pleasend evening. The food ist outstandig, service is good but sometimes a little bit confused. We were sitting in the red room on a nice table at the wall. Our waiter brought us the menue and told us a little bit about the menue. We ordered an appetizer and a main course. For me as appetizer calamari fritti with two dips and as main course a filet mignon overbaked with Blue Cheese and Aspargus. For my wife caspacio and as main course a risotto with lobster and shrimps. My wife also orderd a bottle of red wine from the Tuskany. Over all the food was very nice and tasted perfect. The wine was to cold for a red wine. After our courses we decided to take a dessert to share. It was a Key Lime Tarte and it was very rich and flavourfull. Then we get our check over 152 $. Not to much for a nice evening and so much good food - we were absoluttly full. Our result : It was our second visit at Angelinas and as last year the fodd was very good. Just the service sometimes was a little bit confused and disorganized. When we will back next year in the area we will come back.
For my first Thanksgiving in a restaurant, my family and I went to Angelina's for their buffet.  I was super skeptical, as I do not like the word, "buffet" and I was also dreading the possibility of a large, angsty holiday crowd.  I must say, I was VERY pleasantly surprised.  The customer service was superb, and the other patrons were polite and had smiles on their faces.   The assortment of charcuterie and the traditional Thanksgiving spread at Angelina's was delightful.  & They offered a wine tasting, where I was able to try all different kinds of fine wine, for only $15.00. I've often heard of Angelina's and how I need to try it and now I look forward to returning.
Good service. Great food. Great Ambiance. We were on vacation in Naples and were not in the mood for another chain, so we decided to try Angelina's out. It was definitely worth it. They have a great wine list. In the summer months they have a great deal on the wine. We started with the calamari, which was above average. But our meals were great. They had fancy italian names but I basically had scallops with pork belly and potato and my wife had braised rib stuffed pasta. The mini desserts were very tasty as well and they finish you meal with a digestif on the house. It was a nice little surprise on our vacation. We would definitely recommend. BTW If you call early enough you can reserve a booth. It's sounds cheezy but they are pretty cool private booths and it feels like you are in an old style gangster movie ;)
I sat down to dinner at Angelina's with my family, and after first recovering from sticker shock ($30, $40, $50 for an entree?!), settled in to, by far, some of the best cooking I've found in Southwest Florida. When you pair a technically savvy kitchen with waitstaff that combine attentive with unassuming, you're in for a treat, and suddenly those prices on the menu feel a bit more justified. (A bit.) The wine list is exhaustive, perhaps comically so, both in a hulking binder and a 3 story wine tower in the middle of the restaurant. We were well equipped to make our own decisions here, but I also felt pretty confident that our server, Marina, could have just as easily navigated us through the massive index of wines as she could the somewhat more edited menu. First to the table is slice of parmesan cheese drizzled with a '15-year old balsamic vinegar'. It tasted good, as parmesan cheese often does, but was a quirky amuse bouche if it was one--and it felt slightly gauche to be plucking vinegar-soaked cheese up with our fingers, despite any prodding from our sever. Similarly, a bread and butter offering were nice--a garlic compound butter with olive oil, but the cracker/crisp bread offering was less exciting than the rustic bread which had a nice sourdough tanginess to compete with the garlic butter. We began with the fritti misto--fried calamari and fried grouper. Sure, every Italian restaurant here to Rome, New York has fried calamari on their menu but the rendition of the classic here excelled for both a light and flavorful breading that did not compete or get in the way of the main attraction--the fish. As well, the grouper, while in shorter supply than the calamari, were tender and juicy and nice way to refresh what could well have been a tired dish. Coupled with two sauces, though to my mind, the fish needed neither, it was a sizable portion suitable for sharing. Pastas on Angelina's menu exist in the middle ground between appetizers and entrees, which is as it should be, but is often not the case in the US where we love our heaping bowls of noodles. Good on Angelina's for reasserting some logic back in to Italian eating and putting pastas in their place. Our table tried two pastas--a angolotti (tubular, stuffed pasta) with lamb and a tagliatelle (sibling to fettucine) with lobster in a light tomato-based sauce. What you notice immediately is how optically different these dishes are--the lamb angolotti is a dark, meaty affair, and the tagliatelle is a buttery, light endeavor, and yet each is exceptional. Despite being 'middle courses', the dishes are substantial, and begin to show the diversity of skills at work in the kitchen. Scraping clean a bowl filled with fresh lobster and a plate wafting aromas of truffles and lamb, we're all very happy. Early on, we decided that two of us would get the Sardinian style salt-crusted whole snapper, and if that's something that you're considering, best to decide promptly as the cooking takes an hour followed by a tableside deboning that will leave you ready to reach across the table and grab the fish. There's a lot that could be said about this snapper--yes, it does take a while, yes it does cost nearly $70 for two, and yes, you really will be filled--but I'll start with the most important: that is a mighty fine piece of fish. Italian restaurants in Florida should be cooking great fish and serving it simply, showcasing the variety of fresh ingredients available in the region. Angelina's snapper course is refined and restrained--no squirt bottles of sauces here, just a modest drizzle of a lemon-infused oil at serving. The fish is brought out under a thick layer of salt crust, removed tableside, and the fish that emerges is fresh, moist, and flavorful. It needs no fussy adornment save a few nice vegetables. Our table also ordered the lamb chop, cooked perfectly and packed with a hefty dose of truffle aroma all the way through. For desert, since we were celebrating a birthday, we were brought a limoncello tart, which was essentially a lemon square and very tasty. We also tried one order of zeppole and the key lime cheesecake. One order of zeppole was a surprisingly massive platter of fresh Italian doughnuts piled high and served with chocolate sauce and a raspberry sauce. Light and sweet, they were delicious, though I could have stood a touch less icing/confectioner's sugar on the outside, which took away from tasting the fresh doughnuts as they were. I thought the key lime cheesecake was a bit of misnomer--it was to me, more like a great key lime pie since the filling was light and mousse-like, not dense like cheesecakes so often are. It was a great pick and a delicious finale to an all together very tasty meal. I wish there more restaurants in Southwest Florida that could compete with the service and quality on display at Angelina's. We left fed, happy, and sure that this Italian outpost in Bonita Springs takes the crown as the best of what's around.
Had great dinner at Anelina's last weekend. Very comfortable booths, not noisy and cramped like most restaurants in Bonita and Naples. The ravioli app was great as was the wine selection and the osso bucco was perfect.
Very intimate atmosphere. Great Happy Hour with Great food selections. Bar staff could be a bit more attentive but overall this place is super:):) Definately Recommend!
I will start with .... We didn't know reservations were needed . The hostess told us we had an 1:45 minuet wait we asked if we could be  accommodated we were from out of town and didn't realize we needed a res she told us we can check the bar area ( ourselves) it's open seating there ... Well the so called manager put a reserved sign on a table just as people were getting up so we sat at another table . He also said no available tables . We found another table wedged  but enjoyed the company and dinner as far as the so called manager I never encountered anyone ( especially ) in an upscale restaurant sooo rude in my life I really could go on about him but don't have that much time food and service from the waitstaff ( only ) was superb !!!!!!!!
MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT     Angelina's has a new chef with impressive credentials, so we arrived at the restaurant, an old favorite, with great expectations.  Our party of four received prompt and friendly service from the valet. Our wait person was also courteous and helpful, informing us that black truffles were available, and only for three weeks.  Being a fool for Italian black truffles, I decided to order a dinner-sized tagliatelle with lobster sauce, with an addition of truffles.  I expected to relive my experience of savoring fresh slices of black truffles over a steaming plate of wide pasta, in Tuscany.     Things went downhill from the antipasti plate on.  The primi took the longest time to come. The secondi even longer. When the plates arrived at our table they bore no resemblance to what the four of us ordered.  Wrong table?  We sent them back. More waiting.  Finally, our entres were delivered. My tagliatelle, which was touted as "home made," was not anywhere near al dente. It was limp and soft, in a thin, fishy ragu, with a few bits of rubbery lobsters.  But the real disappointment was the purported black truffle shavings.  There was no aroma at all to what looked like a little pile of grayish ants that sat on top of the lukewarm, overcooked pasta.  All four of us had a nibble, and the thing was so tasteless that we all wondered if it was indeed truffle that we were tasting.   Only the $45 additional charge convinced us that, yes, it must have been. Otherwise, in taste, smell, and presentation, it was unrecognizable.     My companion's pasta dish was also soft and unremarkable.  Our two other dining companions had grouper and scallops, and were polite in their comments about the food. But it was a far cry from our previous visits.  Clearly, all was not well in the kitchen.       A couple of other irritable things:  At the time of reservation, we received a nice email rewarding Angelina's "eClub" members with a free appetizer.  Although we presented this email and the waiter took it graciously, we were charged for the full price for the appetizer nonetheless.  The two bottles of wine we picked were not available, so the house substituted another, without bothering to tell us that the substitutes were of a much higher price.  But by the time we received the bill we were so disheartened by the whole disastrous experience that we could not wait to leave the restaurant. We did not have any energy left to engage the management for further unpleasantness.  The evening was a disaster, and it would be a long time before we return to this restaurant, if ever.
I had a group of 15 people coming to town from all over the country.  They can be very picky when it comes to restaurants.  Angelina's did a first rate job, excellent service, amazing wine, outstanding service.  Everyone was impressed with this "gem".  We definitely will be back to Angelina's next year.
It ain't what it used to be! This restaurant was one of my favorites when visiting Naples.  Not anymore.  It's still a beautiful restaurant, with great service.  Unfortunately, the prices are higher, the menu is far more limited, portions are smaller, and the food is not nearly as good.  Our party of four, all of whom have been here several times previously, we're very disappointed. Apparently it's under new management with a new executive chef. I guess something was lost in the transition.  With so much competition for high end restaurants in the area, I doubt this one will be able to coast on its past reputation for too long.
We had dinner here on Palm Sunday. The food was superb. The atmosphere was lovely and our server Marina was knowledgable and took great care of my picky 8 yr old. I had the Osu Bucolic my husband the veal chop. My daughter the filet all excellent. The meal went well with a beautiful bottle of Brunello.
Your choice in fine dining is limited in this area.  Angelina's is like a diamond in the ruff. From the time you walk in to the time you walk out the staff treats you like a King and Queen especially if you are lucky enough to get one of their special private booths in the center of the restaurant. Ambiance at its best with chandelier.   As an Italian woman I rarely eat in an Italian restaurant however I would say Angelina's is a 5 star restaurant..  Try the specials.  The wine menu has choices from all over the world. Pianist Cary  entertains at the piano bar in the lounge. Make a reservation early ..........enjoy !!!
I went here around Thanksgiving of 2012 with my Mom.  It was recommended to me for the exceptional wine list, and it really delivered on that front.  The sommelier was a woman who really showed a lot of enthusiasm and knowledge...she even steered me away from a more expensive wine, to a more interesting cheaper one (and it was great!).  Food was authentic and as good as many places back home in NYC! Only thing that I warn is to make sure to check the prices of the wine if they should suggest one to you.  My Mom went back for her Bday and they suggested a wine that was $120 without telling her the price! Luckily she loved it and it was her Bday after all.
Angelina's is really trying very hard to be an upscale place. From the complementary valet parking (no ticket, they went by name and remembered me when I came back for the car), to the impressive wine rack in the middle of the restaurant where people go inside and ascend a spiral staircase to retrieve bottles. In the end it is all about the food and service and something seemed to be missing. I wish they had a 3 1/2 star rating because I am not even sure I can say what it is. We had the Margharita Flat Bread which was quite outstanding and pretty unique and I ordered the Caesar Salad, Lemon & Arugula Risotto, and Yellow Tail Snapper off of the Prix Fix menu. All was good, very good, however there did not seem to be that extra something to create a longing to come back to. I do give 4 out of 5 stars to the desserts if nothing but for their size. They are more tastings and at $3.50 they are indeed something you can order at the end of the dinner to create a finishing touch on the meal rather than exploding from stuffing your head.
We don't care for this restaurant at all . Want to post since the overall review is so high -- suspect!
Spent last evening at the first of nine wine dinners hosted by Angelina's Ristorante and their new chef Sarah Grueneberg!  It was fabulous!  While we try to get here at least once a month for dinner, this event was a special treat.  It consisted of five courses served with five different wines from different regions of Italy.  I felt like I was in Italy enjoying a wonderfully authentic meal overlooking the gardens complete with stories and descriptions of everything we ate and drank.  If you cannot get to one of these wine dinners, be sure to just go and have dinner there anyway.  You will not be disappointed.  The wine list is fantastic, the food is outstanding and the staff is knowledgeable.  Looking forward to the next dinner in the series!
Yummmm. Butternut squash ravioli is ridiculous. Service is impeccable. Wine list is extensive.
My entire experience was a 10 from start to finish. The staff was extremely friendly and went out of their way to accommodate us. The waitress whipped me up a custom glass of sweet tea and a sparkling lemonade for my girlfriend to try. The food was off the charts delicious! We had the buffalo mozzarella salad to start which was great. For our dinner course we both ordered larger portions of pasta ( we love pasta) so I got the crab pesto and my girlfriend got the squash ravioli. Needless to say they were both to die for. The deserts were a perfect end to a perfect night the waitress brought over a large try of assorted delights ( which they custom make for each table) they all looked so good so we had to get more than one. We ended up settling for the ricotta cheese cake and the chocolate sample plate which brought three small chocolate treats. They were of course delicious as was everything else. We will definitely be returning in the future and can't wait to try some of their other specialties.
Upscale italian dining, with a nice wine selection and interesting menu.  We took advantage of the early bar specials, which inlcuded an excellent seafood flat bread and tasty anti-pasta platter.  We also split a couple of the pastas, which we perfectly cooked and well seasoned. While our waiter was helpful and friendly, the staff at the front of the house were rude and unwelcoming.  Prices are high, so take advantage of the early bird special.   Like the prior review, I would rate this 3 1/2.
Great atmosphere and amazing food!! Waiter was very well informed on the menu and wine selections. Best advise...go HUNGRY! Very easy to order a four or five course meal!! Definitely putting Angelina's on our favorite list! Can't wait to go back!
Rating classification:  Upscale Italian. This gem keeps getting better and better each time I go.  Additionally, in the summer months, all bottles of wine up to $175 are half off.  Extremely flavorful, fresh meals that combine traditional fare with new, creative twists.  Very cozy, classy bar area with intimate seating.   What I had: Been a bunch.  I still like the Gorgonzola gnocchi, but literally anything is a hit. Best bet: When you are in the mood for fine Italian cuisine in an upscale setting.
Had a very expensive meal that was quite bad....like:  veal piccata fried, salty and no sauce.  Eggplant like mush.  Service bad.  I understand a new restaurant opened in Naples and the excellent chef that they had is in Naples.
Great food! Great service! Always a pleasure!
Best Italian food around!!
While the food from the dinner menu is always good, we like the Happy Hour that they offer. We always get a bottle of wine that is half off up to $175 per bottle, and a very good selection. The Happy Hour  menu has a decent variety of offerings. We chose two different pizzetta's. While the toppings were wonderful, my wife and me both thought the crust could be better by being more of a cracker crust. The Calamari is the best!
Fantastic. A must experience when in Bonita
Classy, excellent food. Must try the Prix Fixe!!! Our waitress was so friendly even though she got busy during happy hour. My first choice for special occasions :-)
This place is absolutely amazing!! Enough said....  I go for every special occasion..  If you have not tried this place, it is time for you try one of Bonita's finest restaurants.
Angelina's is beyond excellent!  To find this type of restaurant outside NY, Philly, DC, is a real treat.  Hostesses and wait staff well polished and friendly without being intrusive.  Our waitperson, Marina, was appropriately funny and made our dining experience a pleasure!  The "new cook" whom we were informed was a runner up on "Top Chef" in our estimation should have been the winner.  Some of the innovative menu choices were interesting, if not unexpected.  Pureed cauliflower under scallops? - must be tasted to be believed!   Although a bit pricey, it is well worth it!   The smaller pasta selections, at about half the price of the entree sized portions, give diners wanting to keep the tab lower an opportunity to taste some of the best food around while not running up the tab, which can easily go to $75 + per person.
All in all Angelina's has everything going for it. It has wonderful service and great food. The design of the restaurant and the wine tower only add to an exceptional dining experience for any occasion. When you arrive at the restaurant you are greeted by a valor who parks your car and opens the door for you. We were welcomed by the hostess and immediately seated in a lovely little room overlooking the herb garden and fountain. Our server was one of the best we have ever had. She was friendly and very knowledgeable about wines, food and her customers. She put us at ease and we felt very comfortable asking her any questions. We began with a complimentary sample of the BLT salad. Apparently this is something the chef does daily. Our salads arrived in a timely manner along with the homemade flat bread and rustic Italian bread with a wonderful butter.  I had the Insulata di Buffala with mozzarella, tomatoes and greens. It was fresh and nicely presented. Both salads were quite large. You might want to split one. We also had some butternut squash ravioli and pesto. The pesto had basil and pine nuts in the sauce. Both were delicious. Our main course of the four course dinner was the filet with a wonderful sun dried tomato base sauce and delightful mashed potatoes and broccoli perfectly cooked. Delicious! We finished up with a lemon tart with a wonderful cream topping and a chocolate mint small cake that tasted like the girl scout cookie only ten times better. Then our server bought us a complimentary little glass of lemon type vodka. Great! As every course was served she cleaned up our area and brought new utensils. She constantly paid attention to our needs. When our wine glasses were getting empty she was right there to handle it. She was never intrusive or bothersome but kept a watchful eye out and was there at the appropriate time. Our romantic dinner was one of the best we have experienced. As we were leaving the manager showed us the wine tower and told us some information about it. It can hold thousands of bottles of wine and there is a spiral staircase in the middle that rotates. Wine is kept at 55 degrees. When we finally left the valor approached us and asked us by name how our dinner was and immediately brought  our car. We rode home with a great feeling for all the wonderful people who made our evening so special. We will definitely return and bring some friends with us. Hint: Others have commented on the prices but you get what you pay for. They use the best ingredients and the chef has a special touch. You can always try the special price fix menu that they have or come for Happy Hour for special prices on drinks and half price appetizers. Sit up by the piano bar and enjoy yourself.
Good Good Good - Food ,service and atmosphere. Bar / piano area  seating were great , pasta and rissoto were excellent as was vino and dessert.  service spot on without being intrusive. quiet thurs night & last 2 in the place and never felt preasured or hurried by staff to " eat and get out" over dessert and add's
My formula of food, ambiance,and  service yields a 4.5. Since this was a first visit I am rounding up. I marked the food down because I found my Carbonara to be too peppery. I was actually sweating by the time I finished the course. My wife's squash ravioli (a featured item) was spectacular. Nice ambiance and an attentive wait staff are part of the mix. I also like the complimentary valet, no ticket just your name. What I don't understand is their reservation policy. We decided after our meal to bring a group of guests arriving later in the week. I wanted Saturday, but they said they could not accommodate us. When I looked at her book/ computer there were very few names but a large number of tables labeled blocked, but no names. I don't know if they are controlling there capacity or hold tables for regulars, got a table for Sunday instead.
My boyfriend and I went this place for our anniversary and to say the night was spectacular would be an understatement. At our table was a note that said happy anniversary which is nice that they care about special events. We also sat in one of the secluded booths for a romantic evening. Our waitress, Claudia, was so informative on all the wines and selections on the menu that she made choosing a meal so simple. We started the night with the Americano flat bread and the caprese salad with the most amazing mozzarella cheese I've ever had. I had the scallops with Yukon potatoes while my boyfriend had braised pork that was so tender it fell off the bone. They also gave us complimentary dessert (key like cheesecake) and post meal shots for our special occasion. Our waitress made sure we felt special on our night. Even the valet service made sure he knew us by name. The prices were reasonable for the quality and amount of food you get as well as the service. We will definitely be back to this establishment for more special occasions and just because!
Angelinas is great. I love Italian, and its hard to find ood Italian, but this place had it all, great food, great service, and a fantastic wine selection. They had unique, yet delicious items to chose from and the mini desserts were a fantastic way to end the meal despite how full you are. I can't wait to go back!
Great food. Wonderful service. No faults really. Would return any time.
Today was my 5th visit to Angelina's a great restaurant. The food experiences I have had equal any from Italy, New York, California or Florida. I think you will love this place. The service is wonderful, quick satisfying and efficient. The decor is great. We have tried the Prix Fixe four course dinners and items from their extensive menu. They also give you complimentary after dinner drinks. We have gone there for anniversaries, birthdays and Sunday dinner.
OMG What a great place.  The food is unbelievable! Homemade pastas, amazing fish. And get this! All wines under $175 are HALF price for the rest of the summer (Until October actually!) And what a winelist! 5,000 bottles of wine. And usually I find a great bottle and the server fumbles around for 20 minutes and then comes back and says "Sorry sir but blah blah blah and they of course dont have it! NOT HERE. I orered a 1995 FELSINA CHIANTI CLASSICA RISERVA and to my amazment in less then 10 minutes it was at the table. What a great wine! And for HALF of $138!!!! Imagine??? HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. And the service is EXTRAORDINARY!!!!! readwhine.com
As can sometimes be the case when relying soley on reviews of others ,Angelina's did not disappoint. From start to finish the experience was amazing. My husband and I went to Angelina's for our 15th anniversary and we we were very pleased with the service, the ambience and most importantly, the food. We tried the Prix Fixe 4 course dinner and by the end of the meal had no room for the dessert (or the complimentary apperitifs). Not only was the meal filling, each course brought the experience to another level. Kudos to Angelina's for providing great value, service and delicious food!!!
My husband and I went to Angelina's last weekend it was superb. To start My husband had a caesar salad and I have the BLT salad both tasted fabulous. Then, we both had the butternut squash raviolis they are to die for!!! For our main course I had the filet mignon with a cheese sauce if you will. My husband had the short ribs. It was the most tender short rib I have ever had and the potatoes amazing! Dessert and wine list were also impressive. All in all it was one of the best meals I have had in Naples in the last few months.
First time eating there last night.  Before I begin, I want to commend Paris, a chef in the kitchen.  He makes food delicious.  He is a bright shining star in this restaurant.   Arriving at the restaurant, we were warmly greeted by the valet, Joe, who efficiently took our car and escorted us into the restaurant.  We were promptly seated by the hostess who was also warm and friendly.  Unfortunately, we were seated at a high traffic table. After requesting another table, we were told we couldn't move.  Throughout the evening, waiters passed our table holding food, trays, drinks etc over our heads.  The dining room was too crowded with tables and big chairs entirely too close th each other.  Had to move the table to get in and out as well as bumping into other diners chairs when trying to get up.   Our server, Ross, came to take our water order and didn't return for about 20 minutes with water.  We had to ask for a wine list because one was not offered.  Bad move.  First impressions are so important.   To get the bottle of wine took another good half hour.   A tasting of grouper with marinara sauce was offered by the kitchen.  Delicious.  Unfortunately that tasting came before water and it sat at our table a good 20 minutes before we could taste it.   Took a long time for our waiter to come back to our table.  Actually stopped him passing our table to take our order.   The food was delicious.  Presentation and creativity A+++++.  Portions were perfect in size, not very large but enough to satisfy your palette.   Overall impressions:  this restaurant offers a very romantic, palate pleasing experience but service needs a lot of training in dining attention. Our dinners were not served at the same time.  That's a service no-no in a fine dining restaurant. There seemed to plenty of wait staff but frenetic energy and lack of organization and attention to detail and diners really marred a potentially great experience.   There is so much potential and good experiences that could be offered if management was a little more attentive to their staff training.   For the prices they charge for their food, service should match the quality of the food.   Would have loved to give this a 5 star rating but service really brought their rating down.  Plan to spend several hours here for a meal.  Service, although very friendly, need training in attention to customer satisfaction. Suggestion to management:  rearrange or remove a table or two in the red dining room.  And train your staff.
Insane wine list.  If you like Italian Food, you have to try this place.  Bottom line.
Different type of eatery. Enjoyed a great meal European style which lasted over 2 hours. Their house salad was delicious. I had the butternut squash ravioli. Our server was wonderful and was very helpful of what to eat. Will definitely return!
I can't say enough about this place.  The meals in the past year have always been delicious and the service has been great each and every time.  The salmon was delicious as well as the veal.  It is very comfortable inside and a great place to spend some quality time in.
Wonderful atmosphere, excellent service, an amazing menu, and of course great food. What a great dining experience!
Everything about this place was great. The food was excellent. Great location and setting.
Food was very good, although a little overdone. Sometimes simple Italian dishes are the best, as in Italy. Half price on their large selection of wines. The big negative was their hovering waiter with an attitude, who spoke to us as if we had never tasted Italian food, and the majority of diners at our table were Italian.
Food was excellent as well as the service. Very interesting variety on the menu. Veal was superb. Pasta is as good as it gets.
Fabulous, upscale Italian dining. Arrived early and grabbed a few cocktails in the bar - less than pleased here. Skip the fancy cocktails and choose wine instead. Dinner was flawless. I had the prefixed menu : Caesar salad, butternut ravioli, snapper and dessert (cannoli) . My husband had the Angelina's salad, a pasta dish and scallops for an entree. All was amazing. Huge wine selection. Beautiful atmosphere. Only complaint I have was the waiter, he was a bit odd, but got everything right!! Can't wait to go back!!
Place is beautifully decorated and service incredible.mom got the beef ribs ...outstanding.they have a prefixed menu of 4 courses for $35 is totally worth it.if Iam in the area...Ill be back
My favorite restaurant in the area!  The butternut squash ravioli are amazing (and they will split them for an appetizer).  I love the valet guys, the wine list is insane, and the food is consistently fantastic.
My wife and I went here last weekend and as usual everything was near perfect. From the car valet as you pull up to the gracious reception at the front desk to the excellent wait service Angelina's is a first rate restaurant. Oh,did I forget to mention the food? Superb from start to finish. Fresh,beautifully prepared black grouper and tender tasteful veal saltimbocca. I can't wait to go back.
Ravioli wuz good.
Such a great ambience and our waiter Corbin was superb! Food was excellent, wine was awesome.
I always have an excellent meal here. They have the best happy hour too- 1/2 off any bottle of wine?! Are you serious? What a great opportunity to splurge on a wine that you wouldn't normally buy for full price...with great food. The service is excellent, and the atmosphere is quite impressive. Can't wait to go back...the home made pasta is delicious, and the veal is grand.
NOT RECOMMENDED! We just dined at this restaurant and were automatically charged 25% gratuity! There was just the two of us and our 4 year old! Since when does a restaurant apply 25% gratuity on the bill, automatically??? Well, this place does. Disgusting! We choose the gratuity, not Dan the waiter. I would have left around 18%. That is my choice and I do not accept the waiter making such a decision for me. This is not a fine dining establishment, the food is not the greatest and the service is not the best. Overpriced? Yes! There are better places such as the Ritz Carlton and The Capital Grille near by. We would never go back here and we would never recommend this place. Enter at your own risk and be prepared to line the waiter's pocket with plenty of $$$ ! The response received from this restaurant on 8/24/12 makes no sense at all. 1. You mention 20% is added. We got hit with 25%. 2. You mention that you will add gratuity to everyone's bill if the complimentary bottle of wine is taken. Since when does something that is "complimentary" trigger an additional charge? Kind of a contradiction really. 3. My complaint was bought to the hostess's attention at front-of-house and she said she had never heard of a party of 3 having gratuity applied automatically and seemed shocked that it was applied 25%. 4. The waiter never mentioned anything about giving with one hand and taking back with the other. In other words, here is a complimentary bottle of wine but I am going to rob you for it later. 5. The waiter said if more than $50 of Entrée's were ordered then a complimentary bottle of wine would be served. That's it. Nothing more said. Wouldn't of expected to of heard a load of terms & conditions anyway. 6. Since when does a dining experience have to become so complicated? Actually why does an element of greed have to creep into every transaction these days? 7. Your business model involving "complimentary" this and "complimentary" that is not working. Your idea of automatically applying gratuity to a check for a party of less than 6 persons is doomed to fail. Just wait for the complaints to roll in and diners never returning. 8. Your practice (which you tried to explain in your Yelp response) is confusing and would appear to the reader that you have just dug yourselves a hole. Anyone reading this complaint is going to say "no" to anything "complimentary" that you offer should they come and dine with you. 9. Forget the "complimentary" this and that. Anyone with minimum intelligence knows that nothing is free and the cost of the wine is ultimately hidden within the price of the food or tagged in in the mandatory 25% tip. Perhaps that's why your menu items are pricey. Other reviewer's would generally agree on this note. 10. A true fining dining restaurant would not stoop so low as to come up with "surprises". An applied 25% gratuity, for a party of 3, is O.T.T! The fact that your "complimentary" wine was accepted should make no difference, unless of course the extra 7% tip you received covered the cost of the "complimentary" wine. My math shows you got about $11.00 towards the 2009 Markham Merlot. About the same price you are buying it at wholesale. Coincidence?
My mouth is watering for that scrumptious butternut squash ravioli. All four in my party raved about their selections as well. Must get back there to satisfy that craving. Give Angelina's a try; you will be glad you did.
We revisited Angelina's on the encouragement of its Director of Operations and this time has an excellent meal. The bucatini were not al dente and the waiter could have used a lesson in how to pronounce simple Italian words like pizzeta. Otherwise service, food and wine were all excellent.. Brava Angelina!
Visited on April 29, 2012.  The food was absolutely amazing!  The gnocchi bolognese was perfect - light gnocchi, and incredibly flavorful bolognese sauce.  The carpacchio was also excellent.  Helpful, attentive servers/bartender.  I will go back there as soon as I can :)
Outstanding food and service. Highly recommended.
Our son and his wife ate here last week and liked it so much they gave us a gift certificate to try it too.  We went last night and found it to be outstanding.  The valet parking attendant and staff who seated us were friendly and attentive.  Our waiter was knowledgeable, warm without becoming our new best friend, and knew what he was doing.  When the wine we ordered needed decanting, he promptly brought us a different glass of the same variety to enjoy until our bottle was ready.  The food was exquisite.  I had the tasting menu which was a great deal:  Angelina's salad with field greens, figs, goat cheese, pickled onions, etc.  Following that I had butternut squash ravioli with marscapone (spouse and I traded pasta courses since this wasn't offered in the prix fixe menu), and then an entree of scallop and prawns served with a white bean ragout, saffron crema and prosciutto gremolata.  My husband had the same salad, a sweet and savory first course of carmelized butternut squash, applewood smoked bacon and roasted wild mushrooms served on a sage-parmesan flatbread and for an entree he had the veal chop with pecan-white truffle butter, Yukon gold potatoes and candy stripe beets.  This is not a menu you'll find at any other Italian restaurant in the area!  We shared a marvelous dessert - basically mini-beignets served with 3 sauces:  praline, chocolate and berry.  This is definitely a keeper!
Very nice place, food is good but not 5 stars! I have only eaten there during prime season meaning full price, so maybe others are rating it on overall value at reduced prices over the summer?
Our party of six was so looking forward to a great evening. What a disappointment!  Food was good. Not great. Service was a minus!  Chris, our server, tried to pass off a different wine vintage than what I ordered. At first he said it was the only one in stock but when my husband spoke up (They obviously think women have no wine knowledge) they amazingly found the appropriate bottle!  One of our party asked for a chicken dish on the pre fixe menu. There were no other chicken entrees offered. She was informed it was not possible to order without ordering the pre fixe.  Another guest wanted to order the osso buco substituting risotto ( offered elsewhere on the menu ) for polenta. No way. No substitutions.  Then  we were offered by the so called 'wine expert' ( wont use the proper name because he wasn't) a 'special deal' on a different bottle of wine at 'half price'.  The ENTIRE experience was so insulting!  Then!  The server informed us they had 2 more bottles of the vintage I ordered initially!  THEN!  When the check was presented, the waiter said the wine was "2 for 1". WHAT!  For a restaurant with great decor and reviews it was an absolute joke. The service was insulting and our entire party said they would never go back.
