The wings are better than the Anchor Bar in Buffalo that started the wings craze. All of the food is great and Chip, the owner, is a true Bills fan and credit to Buffalo and Bonita Springs. Stop in for daily specials
Yes, this former Upper East Sider can hang in a dive bar and this bar is really divey.  There are trailers in the parking lot and I'm not really sure who lives there but I'm not sure if I would venture in there alone. We stopped in on our way back from Tampa, needing to feed some hungry boys stomachs' quickly. Fish dip ($6.99), a full rack of ribs ($13.99), a pulled pork sandwich  ($6.99), and 20 wings ($17.67) did the trick for all four of us. Was it some of the best I have ever eaten? No, but it was very good-much better than you would probably expect. Also, the service was fast & pretty friendly, and the prices were reasonable. The place is only a few minutes off the highway in Old Bonita. I would not seek it out as destination dining but would return if we needed to dine if passing through the area again.
Best wings. Buffalo wings the way they should be.
An average meal priced to reflect the same. The ribs are slightly blah. Service is slow. Parking is slightly chaotic.
Yes it is a very casual "divey" place but it is fun and we enjoy going. Most people go for the wings, which are good, but they actually have a pretty big menu so lots of choices.  The fish tacos are ok, but this time I went I had a burger and it was delicious!  Also, Check out the live entertainment on Saturday nights from 7 to 9 pm.
One of the worst dinning experiences, ever. Tables are very small, waiters don't have time to help or explain specials. Yelp says they have a full bar but in reality they only offer wine and beer. Food lacked flavor and highly doubt their wings are award winning; like the menu states. I would rate this place a step up from a fast food restaurant.
Excellent wings, The best I have ever had. The atmosphere is laid back old world dive. The ribs were perfectly cooked and the Onion rings should get a medal, perfectly cooked batter, crunchy and hot. Ice Cold Beer and a great value. Hell!! the WINGS are so good it appears that some folks packed up everything and moved into the parking lot in a trailer. Great Service as well!! Not sure where these other bad reviews came from, probably fraudulent.
This is one of my favorite restaurants! The wings are delicious and I love the dive atmosphere. The trailers in the parking lot may deter some, but I find them highly festive and feel that they add to the overall ambiance! The reasons why I can't give this place 5 stars are: 1. No liquor. Just beer and wine. 2. The wait for dinner, especially during season, can be pretty stinking long. 3. Service is hit or miss. I've had awesome servers and I've had servers who couldn't care less if my glass has been empty for 30 minutes. But, I'll survive a few setbacks for some delicious wings! It's all part of the Buffalo Chips experience, after all!
We were first customers for the day.  Ordered full slab baby back ribs.  Small but cooked well and great taste.  My Buddy had the Beef on Weck, was happy with that.  Service was friendly but disappointing.  Nobody checked back on us, had to ask for refills.
I love this place ! It's about a 45 min drive an so worth it ! Get the Irish nachos as an appetizer and get the buffalo shrimp ! They're so gooood !
Noisy, casual local yokels divvy place and totally awesome.  Pub grub and American traditional food. It's always a good time and naughty food!
Wings are good but expensive. Most of the food is overpriced. The place is a dive but that's the vibe they are shooting for I suppose.
Some friends brought us there while we were vacationing down from Massachusetts 6-8-14. Great food, loved the Fish and Chips, Onion rings, boneless wings were the best, tried HOT sauce, but was not hot enough for me, should have gone the next "burner" up. All went great with a few Cold Beers. Love the atmosphere, service. Great little "dive shack". Worth the stop!
Oddly, the Buffalo Chips were the worst thing on the menu. Ribs were great, wings were huge and hot!
Service is terrible...waitress and busboy have bad attitude....watching basket ball instead of customers
Had a fun dinner with the kids on a Thursday night. Arrived around 6:30 and only had to wait a few minutes for a table. We were seated in the room where they have live music and it was delightful. Not too loud either with a one man show. This place is super affordable. It's very low key but the character here makes it unique and somewhere we won't be likely to skip next time we're in town. I had the taco salad and it was delicious and fresh. Order a side of buffalo chips to share with the table and everyone will be happy!
I've never eaten here before, but I will say that there is a hidden camera that streams in this restaurant. if you have an iPhone or iPad, download the "spy cams" application in the App Store. if you hover over Bonita springs, Fl on the map it should be the only pin on the map. click on it and boom! you're at buffalo chips without being there. don't eat here unless you like to be watched people. :)
Came across from S.E. Florida on our way out to Bonita Springs for vacation.   Everybody was hungry so we used trust Yelp to find a good local place.   Yelp was wrong!!!!     In summary, this was one of the most 'ehhhh' food places I have ever eaten at.   Nothing had anything special about it.   Even the salad was boring,   Oh, and everything was a charge.   I ordered fish tacos (again, very ehhh...no real flavor) and I ordered some hot sauce.   When I got the bill, charge.   The salad came with house dressing and I really wanted blue cheese so I asked the waitress....guess what, another charge.... We also had the 'buffalo' chips based on the great reviews...they were sliced potatoes with no flavor. Didn't try the wings, and maybe that's the way to go,     The 4 adults here all felt the same way...the most 'ehhh' food we've eaten.
Been here 3 times now. Good pulled pork meal, good service.  Live music last night was a good touch.  Very fair menu, will be back for wings next time.
Made my fourth visit and the food, service and divvy goodness remained. Will go back next year when I go back to FMB.
This was my second visit to the restaurant.  It will be my last.  I was looking forward to the onion rings with my sandwhich.  They arrived at my table cold so I sent them back. 20-25 minutes later they still had not been served to me.  This was not the fault of the wait staff.  The kitchen needs to understand that if food is returned it need to get back out quickly not moved to the end of the queue.  I asked to speak to the manager.  She did not seem too concerned.
I've been going here for 14 years.  the best fried green tomatoes; best wings; and a terrific burger.  the other night I had the chicken fried pork cutlet.  so big and tasty but I couldn't finish it.  Service is always wonderful.  Dress is very casual.   Ask for Lori -- best waitress in Bonita. Say Skip the Burgermaven sent you.
This is his early one of my favorite places to eat. Highly recommend the Irish nachos, flowering onion, SUICIDE SAUCE. I always keep a bottle of the stuff in my fridge- I put it on just about everything. disclaimer: it causes intensive acid reflux. the service is just about total chaos and the food usually takes forever to come out- but it doesn't even bother me most times. tables are usually dirty. over all not a clean place and that is the only reason for 4 stars. eat here probably more than once a week.
What's not to like? Affordable beer and wings! Walls are covered in sports memorabilia and little nick nacks. Beer is served in mason jars which is cool in its own unique way. Always consistent wings, sauce is always the same. Hot is hot, suicide is suicide. Never hot tastes like medium, and next day hot tastes like hot. Always how it's supposed to be! And the only place that always have plumpy, thick chicken wings always! However service is slow and very unattentive most of the time. Only knock on the place. 4/5!
In the sleepy town of Bonita Springs, one of the most charming places around is this awesome dive bar attached to a motel on old 41.   The place has an all-encompassing Buffalo Bills theme, unassuming atmosphere, an odd cast of regulars and very decent barfood.  And by the by, this place is beer and wine only folks, no mixed drinks to be had.  Cozy up to the bar and order a beer from their surprisingly wide selection of bottles, or pick a draft and you'll be presented with a mason-jar style mug of ice cold brew.   While cold beer and people watching are great, the real reason to head over to Buffalo Chips is the dude behind the bar.  Matt - easily the most affable and funny Bartender I've ever encountered.  Never short on jokes, attention or cold beer, Matt's a genuinely good guy that just wants everyone around to have a good time.   Want to sit quietly at the bar and sip?  He's good with that.  Want to crack jokes about whatever's on television?  He'll match your wit with a library of cracks.  Want to bring in your acoustic guitar and play half of every Jackson Browne song you know?  Matt will walk all the way over and turn off the jukebox so you'll have a personal bar-side open mic night (while everyone else ignores you). It's like a real-life version of Cheers...but with a much less realistic cast.  Yeah, I have a soft spot for places like this.
Great dive bar to people watch, make a few friends or watch train wreck karaoke. Awesome service, cheap beer, cheaper dates and you gotta try the suicide/death wings. I think the cook took our request as a personal challenge and made sure we got what we asked for. My colon still hasn't been the same. (If you aren't into too much fiery hotness, the cajun wings are great tasting and are even better later at 2am in a hung-over, sleepy stupor.) They also have DELICIOUS fish and chips. We get it every time we stop in. Anywho, don't expect too much from a place with a trailer park IN the parking lot. Nice place to drink a beer and chill out.
Genre for rating: bar food Still the Bonita wing king, Buffalo Chips is the place to go when you are feeling wings.  Although there are other gems on the menu, it's a wing place at its core.  Taco nit is a winner as well. Go with the Cajun fries as a side. What I have:  hot wings fries and beer Best bet:  best place in Bonita for wings
I had the chicken tenders with the hot stuff. Pretty good.  Our waitress was nice. The seating is awful and junky. I was in the high bar type chairs. Felt like I was falling out of the chair. The table was uneven and rocking all over the place. lots of cool autographs on the wall.
Family favorite when in Bonita. The wings are absolutely amazing. Very divey place but in the most amazing way! Do not miss it.
Excellent dive bar, good food, lots if locals, usually pretty packs with live music and good deals (if you go in the right days!) this place is super casual, borderline dumpy but the atmosphere is pretty fun and that makes up for it.
Wings , pizza and burger were all good as we all definitely enjoyed the food. Atmosphere at restaurant is not appealing all - feels like you are in the ghetto. Food was good but would never back to this area  (old 41).
Everyone is missing the point of this place.  If you are looking for a real Florida-style eating establishment, this is it.  The atmosphere is VERY local.  The wings are the reason to go.  They are amazing, simply amazing.  Pay extra for the celery and blue cheese, it all works together.  The rest of the food is decent, not great, but decent.   Yes, some of the employees live in the parking lot in trailers.  This is the kind of place to go and sit at the bar and meet real Floridians and talk about how many times they've been struck by lightning (and, yes, we've actually had this conversation).  Service?  It's not wonderful, but, again, you are not going here for service.  Think of it more like a dive bar.  And note all of the famous people on the wall that have eaten there.   It's an institution.
I've grown up in the area. So, initially, I've been going to Buffalo Chips for a good while. Even the mere mention of its name makes my mouth salivate and crave this wings; fries and all the other goodies that place is notorious for. Eat some wings, drink some beer, and talk to the "regulars" at the bar. You'll be just fine.
This is a dive ok?  It wants to be a dive and will never change.  The wings are good which is what they are supposed to be when you come to a dive wing place.  So what do I order a freaking salad.  Wait Wait!  I did order an appetizer of "hot balls" which where chicken tenders in a buffalo sauce.  While not the hottest I have ever had they were hot enough.  The place is loud.  So loud my 70 year old server could not hear our order.  It was so loud my 62 year old ears could not hear her.  We got along just great.
I knew what I was getting myself into, I didn't mind the decor, but I expected good wings. Lets just say I had better. The chicken was dry, the salads were boring with very few toppings, and the sauce wasn't the best I've had (not even close). Lets just say I won't be returning anytime soon or ever.
Some restaurants can be found in nice hotels.  Other may be attached to a motel.  But Buffalo Chips is attached to a trailer park.  This is one of my favorite dives ever!  The wings are ok; go for the buffalo burger (that's buffalo meat, not a burger covered in wing sauce).  This is a fun little spot but be careful on Friday nights ... it's karaoke night.
This is a cute dive bar with a lot of local character. Servers, Bartenders, and Owner are all very friendly, and seem to really care about providing great service. Yummy wings and an awesome bloomin' onion! Prices are very reasonable.
If you are looking for upscale Naples crowds this isn't the place to go. Good food, good service, and great for people watching. Walked in last night and the first thing I saw was 2 pirates... That's right pirates at the bar lol. Try the wings. And the buffalo burger. That's real buffalo not just sauce! Worth it!! More parking in the back but make sure you lock your car!
Don't let the appearance fool you, the food here is really good. The beer is cold, the staff is friendly, and while, yes, you do get the impression that some of the things on the walls have been there longer than you've walked the earth, it is fun. There is a huge menu, and surprisingly, they do most of it very well! I think it is a proven fact that beer tastes better when you are drinking from a Mason jar!
Buffalo Chips has the best wings in SW Florida. They come out hot and juicy with plenty of sauce.
Best dive bar and restaurant around and the Best wings in all of Bonita Springs or Fort Myers and even Naples....great place!!! for some cold beer and wings.
Great dive beer bar with reasonable bar food.  When you just want to kick it back and have good home cooking, this is great place to throw the jeans on and relax with comfort food.
We've visited Buffalo Chips many times it just keeps on getting betta and betta the food's great and the people are nice, this time we stayed in their ajoining motel, The Ranch House, it was clean & nice and the price wuz rite. You see all kinds of people in Buffalo Chips their clientel is a pretty broad range of people from all walks of life, everything from strippers to doctors to the near homeless, and all having a great time, you too, if you show up you'll enjoy it as well.
My previous review was the scenario that I fear as a new diner to a place, that maybe we were there on an 'off day'... we were, friends invited us back & the wings were awesome! I've been back a few times after that & every time the wings were spot on, service has been awesome & their tacos they do (not the fish, the meat) are a dollar a piece & fan-freakin-tastic!! (it's a special they run on wed or thurs) I'm now a huge fan & this is now a fun date night place for us because the people watching here is great!
I ate here in 2000 and 2005. These are some of the best wings of all time. I am a wing conniseur the world over and they aren't much better than here. I love the sauce and even bought some of it. Onion rings and fries were both really good, too.
Best wings hands down.  I love to go here when I visit Bonita.  Great wings, relaxed environment, good people watching, rednecks wearing rolex's woohooing to NSync, ita all here! The wings are awesome!
This is the best "dive" I have ever been to. The buffalo wings here are the best around! The beer is cold and the wings are hot. Try Wednesday Taco night, they are incredible.
#Greatfood, awesome #Southflorida dive, the chicken is the BEST.  If you are in the local area, stop on by this little place for some great southern cooking.  Some times they have live music as well.  This place has been open for decades and takes care of the local community.  This is a #MustTry in #BonitaSprings
Great wings, great service, and great beer.  Just like you would find in Buffalo. I would give 5 stars, but i hate the bills So....
Nothing like good ole wings and a few beers. Wings are good, atmosphere "classy" and service friendly.
The wings here rock.  We tried several favors and loved them all... To be honest we never made it past the apps.... We started with the wings...moved on to the fried mushrooms (home run).... Had the potato skins (ok)....cheese sticks (from frozen)....finished with the blooming onion....after all that we went home and felt disgusted with our selves...but would go back for the wings for sure!
Come here for happy hour -- cheap wings and beer! It's a dirty little dive but the vibe is really fun. I enjoy the food and the service is usually good.
Loved the vibe here, and the food's great too!  Went here last spring while on vacation and hope to go back some day.  We sat ourselves at the Chicago Bears table and tucked into some excellent beer-battered mushrooms with homemade ranch dressing. Oh how I've dreamt about eating those mushrooms again! I also really enjoyed the fish tacos--very fresh and a good-sized portion. Go--and enjoy!
Every time I come to Bonita I have to stop here! As everyone else said the place is a dive with a great atmosphere. The wings are delicious! I always get the garlic wings and fried mushrooms. If your looking for a unique place to have a few wings and a couple beers try Buffalo Chips! I don't think you will be disappointed.
Down and dirty, but lots of fun.  Buffalo wings are the staple, but the people watching is just as good.  Be sure to go when the Bills or Sabres are playing.  It is almost as good as being at the stadium.    They have a live webcam to a sister bar in Buffalo, NY. On Trip Advisor, it is the #1 restaurant in Bonita Springs!
I'm always on the hunt for good chicken wings- this place did not disappoint! I ordered the death wings and they were juicy plus they had a great kick to them. DISCLAIMER- not for the faint of heart. My wife ordered the reuben and she didn't  really like it because the bread wasn't crispy and there wasn't much sauerkraut on it. Still, this place gets 4 stars because of the wings.
Have had some great times here.  Wings are usually amazing, so are the curly fries, lately they have just not been the same....
I like nice dumps and dives, atmosphere and character wise this place is a home run, reminds me of home in Northern Michigan. They have a great staff, really mellow and relaxed atmosphere, decent food. My wife and I used to be regulars, you notice the past tense? Wing wise they must have changed vendors or cut costs because the wings are getting smaller and smaller and the prices have continued to get higher and higher, up to the point of about a buck a wing. Are they good? Yes. Overpriced? Yeah. What stopped us from coming back though was an issue we had with a Grouper basket. My wife always ordered the grouper basket, when we received the last one there wasn't more than a few ounces of badly fried fish. We called the manager over to show him and were told it was a proper serving, we asked if  the other 20 orders we had placed  before were incorrect portions, he said yes. Oh well. Still a fun place with good wings.
Everyone tells us this place is great but after visiting last night I can't understand why. Service was lackluster at best and food was tasteless. Both of our meals were left mostly uneaten. Must be the food tastes better after a few hours of drinking at the bar. Lol
Can't miss
we finally stopped in here because for years everyone kept telling how good the wings are. It was late afternoon and we sat down at a table near the bar and a server came over and asked us what we wanted. We requested menus. She asked us what we wanted to drink, so we asked if there we any happy hour specials. She said "we have beer and wine"- no mention of price or quanity like buckets or whatever...  We practically had to pry the information out of her. We ended up ordering 2 drafts and a small order of wings figuring if they were any good (or at least better than the "service") we'd order more of everything. In the mean time, another couple sat at the table next to ours. The VERY SAME server greated them with cheer, gave them menus and told them all about the happy hour specials and a few other deals and they never even asked about it.  We looked at each other with a WTF? expression. We weren't dressed any different then they were and we not being difficult in any way, there was no explaination for the difference in service. She then brought us our order. The beer was cold, thankfully. The wings were average at best, I've had a few worse and I've had better at many other places. We decided that since there was nothing special about this place, the food or the service, there was no need to drag this out futher. We didn't order a second round of anything, got the bill, paid and left.
I love this place despite the fact that is scares uptight people, then again maybe that's why I like it. If your scared park out front, your not going to want to park in back. I love love love the wings here. The people are awesome too, the last time  in I found myself drinking with a big group of Nicaraguan yard workers. This is not your typical corporate uptight-ary. As far as I know I just made up a word, feel free to use it.
good vibe. crowded. not enough salt on the popcorn. fried green tomatoes are spectacular. women's & men's bathrooms are both a D-.
