OK so it is in a strip mall ... across from the Mercado, but the 10 table restaurant is cozy and the wait staff attentive and pleasant.  Food is delicious...we had the Ritz cracker encrusted grouper and the fall off the bone braised short rib...both favorites and highly recommended.  KC, the owner and chef, mingles and chats with his patrons ...he is originally from the Boston area.  I rated it four stars...could have easily been five stars.   This place has been open three years...worth your visit.
Wife and I went to this restaurant for dinner with 3 other couples. Everyone loved their appetizers and entrees. Salads were outstanding! The sides served with the entrees were unique and delicious. We all said we would return. Olga was a great waitress! K.C. is an excellent chef.
A gastronomic delight! Service and display of dishes were top notch. Priced appropriate for the quality. I look forward to our next dining experience here!
Fabulous food, great service.   KC Bistro gets rave reviews - they are the best new restaurant in town.
American cuisine, menu has the region each dish represents. Restauant is small so reservations a must.  Everything was fresh and delicious, new menu every day to match whatever  fresh ingredients he got in that day. The grouper we had that night was swimming in the Gulf that morning. Start with the dates wrapped in prosciutto. KC oversees everything and is very informative about each dish and why he put it on the menu.
Nice decor, attentive service, many wines on the menu are by the glass and there's a good selection. Due to the reviews and the prices my expectations were higher for the food. Companion had the mussel app, well cooked, the sauce had a nice flavor but suffered from a lack of acidity and the mussels seemed to be placed on top instead of lovingly saturated in the juice. Medjool dates were fine. Ciabatta bread brought to the table was warm but had a chewy texture of wet reheat instead of dry heat, color was blah and not a small hint of crust. Duck was  ordered medium and arrived a disappointing medium well-well done, polenta over salted but the swiss chard had a really fun pepper broth bite. The skin was rubbery, fat not well rendered. Crispy duck skin is a thing of beauty, but not last night. Companions 12oz Wagyu was a little on the small side. Didn't feel compelled to order dessert. Perhaps it was an off night? Maybe exhausted in the kitchen coming off of season? Glad to see this type of restaurant pop up in Naples, very happy it's doing well. Going to give it a second chance in a few weeks when they've rested up a bit, we really want to experience what other patrons have.
Recent first time visitor. They recently expanded the space and work still needs to be done on decorating and getting a full liquor license. The food is excellent.  Had the beef short ribs and my wife the lamb chops and both were terrific. The Bibb lettuce salad was also excellent. KC will now go on my short list of go to restaurants.
Hand a unexpected, beautiful dinner here. Was looking for a nice place for dinner that was close to the Paragon Movie Theatre. This restaurant is in the same shopping centre. Service: Excellent! They take OpenTable reservations. The staff is professional and friendly, not snooty or snobbish. Ambience: Romantic, simple and beautiful. Very simple decorations just orchids and tea lights but completely beautiful. Food: My hubs and I ordered the stuffed shrimp to start. Delicious! Nice sized shrimp creatively stuffed and beautifully presented. I ordered the Boat Diver's Scallops. Easily the largest scallops I have ever been served, perfectly cooked. It came with a " crab cake" ish accompaniment that was almost more delicious than the scallops themselves! My husband had the Braised Short Rib that came with carrots, brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes. Also perfectly cooked and nicely seasoned. Dessert: We were so full after dinner but the thought of how good the food was,  lead to the thought that dessert must be spectacular. We ordered the Chocolate Gonache Torte. Very rich, very decadent and very delicious if you are a chocolate lover. Overall, a wonderful experience that I owe to the excellent reviews I saw on Yelp!
Talk about hidden gem... this place is incredible! Located in a slightly abandoned strip mall with nothing but a really awesome new movie theater (paragontheaters.com/thea…), you wouldn't expect the world class quality food and friendly, professional service, but it's here! Started with a watermelon salad with sprouts that was light & sweet. The pomegranate vinaigrette provided just the right amount of acidity and the goat cheese added a touch of fullness for a perfect balance of flavors. Lobster slider was fresh, and not overdone with fillers or mayo. Service was superb, and they were extremely accommodating of our little pup we brought to sit outside on their patio. Granted, there is not a lot to look at, but for the food, I would sit and stare at a concrete wall. The filet was quite possibly the best steak we've ever had, better than some of the best steakhouses across the country! Tender, cooked to per-fec-tion. The Cabernet glace was a nice complement but the steak was flavorful on its own. I can pretty safely say if I'm ever in Naples again, this will be a mandatory stop!
I went with my wife here for a date.  This a little hidden gem inside a shopping plaza, BUT food is superb, service was excellent.  Restaurant was very clean amd the food was presented like a piece of art. All in all, if I could give it more than the 5 stars I would.
Five women all ordered something different and everyone loved their meal! I had the Ritz cracker crusted grouper served in fingerling potatoes and a very interesting corn salad.  It was delicious! Service was excellent. Decor mostly good except for the gold and red walls and the USA mural.  That could use some design work! As a Realtor I plan to recommend this restaurant to my clients! Yum!
First time here but we will come back again.  Super service and excellent food. Menu change daily and although its small, it has variety enough to suit every taste. Do not miss the grouper! The location totally belies the charming atmosphere inside. I really appreciate table cloths and carpet for keeping the noise level down and the tables weren't crowded so close together. Highly recommend for anyone who likes a gourmet twist on standard dishes. Good wine selection and they are getting a liquor license.
Everything from the service to the food was impeccable. We were greeted by a friendly hostess, who promptly led us to our table. Not more than a minute later our water glasses were filled and our server had come over to introduce herself. While the menu is small, everything was awesome. My wife and I split the apple and arugula salad which was fresh and in one word, outstanding. My parents split a salad also and they echoed our sentiments. We all had the seared salmon which was fresh, flavorful and tasty. The accompaniments were different, but awesome! The chef came out to see how everything was. Our glasses were never empty. The bread was good. My wife and split the chocolate ganache for dessert, which we were told was homemade. It was rich, but delightful. I'd highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to our next visit when we're on the west coast of Florida.
I have always thought that KC's was a great place. The food is terrific. Service was excellent. Always great creativity. Noise level has gone up with the expansion. Wine list   excellent.
Mushroom soup very good Blackened red snapper good Grouper ok Scallops came out not hot Service good We would say 3-3.5 Depending who you ask We would note the place was packed and yet service was good- which is not always the case. Everyone was quite pleasant
Delightful.  Creativity touches every aspect of KC American Bistro, plus service in this little ten table resto is top of the line.  Make a reservation because too many potential diners are politely turned away at the door. The chef changes his menu daily, according to availability of fresh ingredients.  In this day of Sysco, the KC resto family is commended for making wholesale a second choice in the kitchen.   Each menu item is annotated with an initial indicating the part of the USA that inspires the dish.  There was hangar steak with a "Heartland" influence;  scallops from the "Southeast.,"  etc.  The little room is painted a sunny yellow with a full wall, handpainted mural with large food icons such as a lobster over New England and a cattle cowboy over Texas. Fun! We shared the medjool dates + blue cheese app on the recommendation of fellow Yelper.  SO good.  4 dates, served warm, with a touch of citrus, jicama, and fresh green. I had chicken and it was far from boring.  Roasted, and served on out-of- this-world, creamy polenta whipped with fennel and jalapeno. Presentations are well done too.  My chicken came in a cantilevered dish that reminded me of a flying saucer.  (Assuming I ever have the opportunity to actually see a flying saucer, it will remind me of this plate). Other plates were also heavy white china with various, eye appealing lines.  From a practicality standpt, how cool is it that K C choses artistic plates over ones that take less space in an industrial dishwasher?   Thanks for putting us patrons first. Also, there is a $20 corkage fee.  But it's waived if you order at least one glass of wine (prices begin at $8 per glass).   Sante, and long life to you, KC.
Last minute search on Yelp for good food and pleasantly surprised. You wouldn't think from the looks of this hopping center or its exterior but the food speaks for itself. It recently expanded taking over the adjacent bank and has plenty more room and tables. So I am sure no more need  for long waits now considering their previous 10 tables. You can tell they are still workin on decor details and their soon to be bar,but will look great when finished. Plan to come back on my next trip. Even having the chef himself thank you personally at your table was a huge plus for me, Very friendly service too. The food selection is limited enough to focus more on quality than qty. Great combinations and flavor, definitely feels like a 5 star place. Don't over think it and just go.
Returned here after a year and food is as good as ever! Excellent service by extremely knowledgable wait staff. Had the Asian spareribs appetizer - fall off the bone tender ribs with succulent sauce. Then had the diver scallops and the Ritz cracker crusted grouper. The scallop dish was the winner. The grouper good, but a bit heavy with the crust. Sides are inventive and so tasty. A cauliflower soufle and corn with a bit of andouille sausage. Kudos to the chef, talented and creative. An excellent choice in Naples away from the hype of Fifth and Third.
I just became a huge fan of this restaurant . Amazing food, great service. My calamari apt. And grouper were out of this world. My brother who is out of town introduced me to this place I will be back. Reservation is highly needed only 10 tables.
What K C lacks in ambience (stunning eye-level views of a Publix parking lot), it more than makes up for in its cuisine and service. The chef/owner is on hand to welcome and guide you through your meal. You'll need a reservation, as this bistro is located in a small store-front, but once you are seated, the table is yours for the evening. There is no rushing. And the food...different regions of the U.S. are represented in a fresh, intriguing manner. I sampled the Pacific-inspired medjool dates with gorgonzola and shaved parma ham, and kona coffee-encrusted tuna. Delicious and inspired. Wines are thoughtfully suggested. A wonderful evening was had by all.
We loved the intimate and friendly atmosphere and the food of the original but the expansion which seems to have tripled the footprint has caused this restaurant to lose its charm. Now large and I'd say sterile. Wait staff on our last visit were cold and distant. My food was excessively salted. Charming has turned to aloof.
