Oh the beer guzzling woman in me thoroughly enjoyed this fine establishment.  Men AND woman in kilts serving us the very best.  Huge craft beer selection and numerous options to blend your beer.  I picked the bumblebee with guinness and mixed with some ale.  It's meal in itself! And I love it!!! Samantha our waitress was super cool in recommending a drink to the gal i was with.  Grapefruit martini concoction with basil so refreshing. We ordered the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with goat cheese.  So sweet and savory.
What a cheeky good time, mate. What's not to love about an English yet really Irish style pub where the beer list is massive, there are men in kilts and decent pub fare? I am in love with Mercato, simply because there are so many different places to choose from. You can be wined and dined, or you can let loose and toss a few back. The Pub has many things going for it. -The beer list provides all varietals. Local, Regional, Domestic and Imported. Pick your poison, there is a full book that offers pages to select. If you come here and order a corona...you're an asshole. -The food is proper, and quite filling. Go in with a hungry gut, leave with a full belly. There's a bit of everything for everyone. -Prices are not overpriced and quite reasonable considering the fares and presentation. If you want lower priced food go to Chili's. Just saying. -Ambiance. This falls into the price point as well. You are paying for an experience when you dine out, or spend an afternoon catching a game sipping a cold one. The booths are large and overstuffed. The wooden bar is cozy and you can easily find yourself chatting up others or the staff. There is outdoor seating as well which was beginning to fill up for my visit. -Service was swift and helpful. For my visit, I was mainly killing a few hours so a local IPA kept me company. The bartender let me taste a couple of brews to make sure I settled on the right one. Very much appreciate this part. Three stars, mainly because I only sipped a couple of beers and it was still early. I would need to come back during a dinner rush and taste the food to up the anty. But for a bar, this could easily be a regular place to stop into.
If you want cajj and kilt adornment, this would be your hangout.  Surrounded by young and old, this pub is all about cultivating the large social group atmosphere.  You'll have to get past the loudness, especially during World Cup season, but there are opportunities to find a booth for more intimate conversation. I personally enjoy the section that has the long communal table with a mix of different chairs, and that specific table has a big king throne-type chair at the head of the table.  In high times, expect to stand or opt for the patio to people watch and drool over the fancy shmancy sport cars. Now for the food. It's english pub food through and through. Bangers, scotch eggs, and real chips.  Decadent and hearty are two words that come to mind. Monday to Friday from 3-7, they've got happy hour specials $3.95 for a whole list of apps among drink specials. Tonight, we ordered a smorgesbord - curry fries, spinach artichoke dip and black bean hummus dip, soft pretzels with spicy and sweet mustard, and bbq pork chips.  These app sizes are perfect for sharing, and they even offer extra pita bread for extra dipping enjoyment. I'm not an avid beer drinker, but I have enjoyed the fail proof hoegaarden or a lovely hobgoblin.  If you can handle imbibing on a Sunday morning/afternoon, they have a bloody mary bar where you can skewer it up with just about anything to enhance your bloody mary. (cheese, meat, pickles, olives, etc.) Just remember, if you don't like busy and loud, this isn't the place to be. But, if you want a cool casual vibe post-partying elsewhere, The Pub is a definite remedy to cure the buzz AND your hunger.
Stopped by for lunch and was very impressed. It was fairly busy, which they warned the group about, but everything still came out fairly quickly. Loved the huge outdoor patio and there was a great vibe. Had a turkey burger with cranberry dressing and cheese, along with the gouda macaroni and cheese - both were great! Lots of other good things on the menu to try - definitely a place I'd go back and bring friends.
Over priced,  over crowded,  and under service.  The work group used to come here for our Friday happy hours. But we all got tired of spending $100 each for a few beers and some food.   I will not go back. .. find a new great place for happy hour that we all love. ..
Great booths, bar, beer, atmosphere and service. TV's on sports games if you're following an event. Nice mix of ages, a lot of professionals early trending younger later. I go and my 20 something children go.
We came back for dinner tonight. The appetizers were a better choice. We waited quite a while for our first drink. Then we told Sarah we would like to relax before ordering our meals. Bit Brian returned and asked if we had ordered. Did. We know what we wanted. Had we looked at the menu. He was so insistent  that we finally ordered even though we didn't want to The fried fish was served atop the ff  so the extra grease soaked them. The batter is very heavy. The fish was fine. I peeled it. The patio was booked for a party. The bar is very noisy.
Was visiting the area and stopped in here for drinks and dinner. We sat at the bar. The bartenders were VERY nice, attentive, and funny. The food and drinks were delicious. WARNING: This place turns into a frat-like club after about 10 - 11. Since my club scene days are long behind me it was definitely time to go once the DJ kicked in. I would most definitely recommend you stop in here. Fantastic atmosphere (pre-club scene of course). :0)
Overpriced (ordinary) food and drinks. At night it gets PACKED. So plan accordingly.
A ton of ice in the Bloody Mary, making it watery. I like my Bloody Mary's thicker, but maybe most people do.  This is a little whiny thing. The waitress actually sighed as we adjusted our order There is a nice center bar area. Pretty good fried food and plenty of drinks.
Go for the amazing food, fantastic band, and great beer selection.  It's well worth ignoring the rather slow service.   I'll be back next trip to Naples for sure.
I occasionally end up at the Pub, because the boyfriend loves the Boddington's they have on draft. The beer selection is good. They have sample flights if you can't choose what you want. All of the staff wears kilts! I experienced very hit or miss service. Sometimes it's awesome, other times the servers disappear forever and you have to hunt someone down for assistance. I hear it gets packed at nighttime, but I've only visited around lunch hours. So I've never had a problem getting a table. Try the scotch egg for some traditional English snack food. I've never had a scotch egg anywhere else, so I can't really compare. But it's good with the mustard that it comes with. The shepherd's pie isn't half bad! A very hearty and filling meal. The burgers all have pretzel buns too, so that's a plus.
I'd give The Pub 3.5 starts if possible.  4 stars for the beer selection and 3 stars for the food.   Great location in the Mercato just below the movie theater.  As I said, great beer selection.  I enjoyed walking around the entire bar just to see all the various draft options available.   The food was decent bar food, but I thought it was a little expensive for what you get.  My favorite part of the meal were the curry sauces that come with a few of the appetizers or entrees.  I ordered some on the side to dip my chips and loved the unique flavor.
The first thing to say abt this place is the location, especially for the visitors, but even though i've lived here for 5 years, i still go there like for the first time. A huge beer variety and classic food, very tasty and flavourful. A clean place,  pretty noisy environment , on thursday or friday night they have live music. The best thing i've ever tried here, and most of the times thats the reason i go there - the calamari. I can't describe in words how good they are and the sauces that comes with it, which go great with it. They also have a very good welsh pub pretzel, and the turkey burger- amazing! Go try it, won't regret it :)
I enjoy this place each time I am in Naples. Fish and Chips, etc., Yes, it is a British Style Pub but the nice thing is opening a Beer Bible and picking out a good German Beer! Parking is easy as it has a nice large parking garage adjacent to the building, the servers are great, place is clean. Would I return? Well, I did say each time I am in Naples I make this a stop, so yes. As an addition it does have Valet if needed. So if your in your Mercedes, your Bentley, your Mazz, just pull up and let them park your car in front. The plus is your car will not get scratched, the negative is the repo man might glance at it and it could disappear.
Love The Pub in Naples! Yes, I know it's a chain, but they serve the best Fish & Chips that I have had in Florida. They use haddock. The way that its supposed to be. I am okay with Cod as well. But many times when I see fish & chips on the menu in a Florida restaurant, it turns out to be Mahi or Tilpia. I know that haddock and cod are North Atlantic fish, but if you're serving Mahi/tilapia or anything else, it's not authentic  fish & chips. It's only the name. I stick with my fish and chips. My husband likes their Pot Roast and the Bangers & Mash. The pot roast is served shredded with mash taters. Plenty of meat and very tasty. For appetizer, we like the beer cheese. The whiskey bread pudding for dessert is very good! Another shining star is the Pineapple Upsidedown Cake Martini. This is insanely good! My husband likes their beer selection and particularly likes that they serve Innis & Gunn. The staff is friendly, upbeat and efficient. The men wear kilts. 'Nuff said! The seating in the dining room is a mishmash of booths, high tops, regular tables and cozy tables for 2 with comfy  living room type chairs. I would love to sit in the giant royal throne chair and rule over my people! They also have outdoor seating. We love the Pub and it is a great choice at the Mercato.
My favorite place to go out for drinks in that area but a really good lunch spot too .. they have some really cool eats ('english style pub food) plus some cool beers too !
Great place to grab a beer after work when in Naples. Good selection of beers, the inside looks like a typical Irish bar.
I visited this bar on Thursday, July 5, 2012. I was staying in Naples for a week or so and was looking to try some new pubs. This place is certainly impressive. The whole area of shops, bars, clubs where it is located is fairly new and seemed kind of overly trendy to me. However, free parking a short walk from a pub will put most things in a better light. I sat at the bar. Now, this is not some ordinary "bar" - it is like the drug-fueled magnum opus of a beer-fetishist carpenter. It is a sprawling, multi-sided monstrosity of dark wood and lavish decorative woodwork. I hunkered down and was greeted by Tyler. I was halfway expecting beer-snob bartenders who are working in the "trendy part of town" and know it. In reality, Tyler was a cool, laid-back dude that could geek out on beer, if you wanted to go there, but was also just there to make sure customers were happy. I got almost exactly the same vibe / reception from Chris, the other bartender that waited on me. The Beer: They have too many varieties for me to list, but what I appreciated was that you can order flights of beers - 4, 5oz servings of your choice. This was great for me because I wanted to sample many beers, but I needed to be able to drive home. My first flight was: Wells Bombardier; Hobgoblin; Dogfish Head 60; and Fuller's ESB. The last two I had tried before, but the first two were new to me. I sampled other offerings, but the point is that I could spend a long time in here just working my way through the beer menu 5oz at a time. The Food: I ate a spring-roll-like appetizer and it was very good. Not too greasy, not too spicy, etc. I saw loads of people chowing down, and the few patrons I chatted with at the bar all said the food is excellent. The Crowd: It was a Thursday night, but it was filling up pretty quickly, and they had a really good acoustic duo performing (they played a wide variety, but I recall a lot of 90s college / indy rock). I chatted with several people seated next to me at the bar, and despite the "upscale" look and feel of the Mercato area, the folks at The Pub Naples were cool and down-to-Earth. I withheld one star because I have not really dined there, so I cannot rate it as a definitive 5-star spot. I definitely would go back, and cannot wait to return.
20 Association and Hotel Folks, where should we go for a memorable time while in Naples for a meeting?  The Pub you say?  While staying at the Naples Grande here for a couple days we looked around at close options to the hotel for dinner. The Pub was recommended by staff at the hotel so we chose that for dinner. Ambiance and decor inside was of a true British pub! Even though the seating is hard for big groups, we managed to sit in tables and have great conversation.  I chose to eat the Shepherd's Pie, and it was the best choice I made!  I had a taste of the Fish and Chips and that was delicious too, but the Shepherd's Pie was out of this world. They have a variety of beers, liquors, scotches, anything you fancy! A must go to if in this area of Naples.
Found this gem while doing a search for a casual pub type atmosphere for good apps and bar food.  We were not disappointed.  Service was great.  The goat cheese app was good as was the ham and cheese pretzel sandwhich and the French dip style sandwich.  Finished it off with the fried pound cake and berry dessert.  Wish this was in Columbus as it would be a local favorite.
Great beer selections although a bit pricey when not on special.  The food was good, had the pretzels as an app, would recommend.  We'll go again, great patio.
We LOVE this place. The food is excellent, the drinks are delicious and the beer is cold and plentiful! Men in kilts are a BONUS! For drinks, with the kids, lunch, dinner, dessert or anytime - i love The Pub!! Try the Welsh Dip, its AMAZING. The fish and chips are a favorite of my son and the Burgers are better than expected. love love love
If you ever find yourself in Naples wanting awesome food, great beer, great service, and awesome people: This is the place to come: Not alot of places have beer on cask in Fl, but The Pub does :) I ordered up some Paradox from BrewDog and some Shepherds Pie and it was delicious. Our group ended up taking over the patio and playing Cornhole for hours (Awesome) Beer and Games make for an awesome relaxing evening. Our service was great, lots of variety: Full Bar, Full Authentic British Menu, Single Malt Scotches, Rotating Taps and beer on cask. One of the best bar experiences I've ever had.
My local spot whenever I'm craving a pint, great location because it's right below the Silverspot cinema (love that place...) so we usually hit this place before, after or usually both. Great beer selection, great bartenders, great staff (everyone's so great, the female bartender who acts miserable to be dealing w/ people gets a pass...she's actually a funny ice-breaker with patrons who sit down next to  you, everyone feels they did something wrong, but she's always like that...)  Love this place. Always where I take guests when they're visiting. Food, the fish n' chips are always solid! Wonderful dish, the rest of the menu is a lil inconsistent, one time it's fabulous, the next time you get it, it's different or a let down, and with the prices they charge for pub food, I would prefer a consistent product but no big whoop, I usually go out to eat & then hit the pub for a great time! This place is great, I avoid it on Friday & Saturday nights, it get's a tad college bar for me, but that's a sign of my age, not the great place the Pub is any given day or night...
What's good tonight?  Methinks it's the fresh beet salad, plus tomato basil soup.  I'm right.  The yellow and red beets alternated on the plate, boy girl boy girl, yellow red yellow red.  Tasty. The soup could have been a bit thicker, but a small cellophane package of saltines came to the rescue.  Just like they did in Ohio a gazillion years ago when it was winter and the tall white box of saltines sat in the cupboard next to the Campbell's soup cans -  I crumpled the crackers on top of the soup.  Instant thick.   We inadvertently found out that Pub Crawls exist in quiet Naples.  Two blue & orange Naples trolleys rolled up to the curb and discharged full loads of happy people.  It was Flash Mob meets Bachelorette Party.  People came in, grabbed at empty chairs, huddled if they couldnt sit, had a drink, and ran back onto the bus. Now that had to be good for Pub business.  Even better for people watching, especially from a table along the patio fence where we were.
Absolutely wonderful selection of beer in the new hip Mercado development in North Naples.  They have a lot of English and Scottish favorites including Wychwood's Hobgoblin, one of my favorites.   There are a lot of drink specials and appetizer specials. My group ordered a trio of appetizers.  The wings were good, and our waitress suggested getting them with the sweet chili sauce, which isn't on the menu.  It wasn't a particularly spectacular sauce but it was darn good.  A side of the rather sweet, but tasty Pub BBQ sauce was also offered.  I liked it. The goat cheese dip with a splash of marinara and pine nuts was a winner.  It's served with slightly toasted pita chips and was really good with the creaminess of my Belhaven Stout. (next time a Boddington's would be perfect).   The spinach and artichoke dip was heavy on the garlic, but if heavy garlic is your thing then you can't go wrong. We saw a couple orders of fish and chips go out... man that looked tasty. I'll definitely be back to try that.  I've only heard positive things. The atmosphere and decorations are spot on.  Cute outfits including kilts on the guys.  Lots of British decorations and an absolutely gorgeous and well stocked bar with great beer (anyone with dogfish head 60 minute on draught gets at least 4 stars, 5 for 90 minute!)  This is definitely a great place to hang out and beat the pants off a lot of the established pubs around.  I'll also have to see if they can pull a proper pint of Guinness.. and if it's on nitrogen or not, but beer loves will love this place.
I love this place. One of my favorites in Naples. Great location, cute waitresses, superb service, excellent food and one of the best selections of beer and scotch in town. I love the Belhaven brews the most. This place is very laid back and casual and people always seem to be having a great time. The Pub has a full schedule of weekly events, from live music (which can get a little too loud for conversation some times) to team trivia for prizes! The decor is dark and warm and always clean. It makes me feel like I am visiting an authentic European pub. I highly recommend this place. Oh, and if you are going for a special group occasion, try to reserve the king's chair and table!
Went to dinner with hubby and daughter at the Naples Pub.  What a great evening!  Food was great and a super nice waitress. We will surely go there again. Make sure you order desert!
Wait Staff : Great Waiter, good suggestions, flexible, friendly, perfect Food: more than above average, but not excellent. I had the pot roast that was standard, but very good in taste. Drinks: reasonably priced, well mixed, not weak or watered down. Location: Mercato is pretty nice.  Outdoor seating was superb and people watching going in and out of the movies was interesting. Price; Average for the type of Pub. Overall:  Will be back for sure and I recommend anyone to check it out.
Well, since it's Naples - this place is a few years old and it's just now hitting its prime. If you're looking for a seat at the bar either arrive on a random week night way early or don't think about having a drink here on the weekends or during the holidays. This used to be my hole a few years back while I was living in Naples after college... it was awesome, I had my beer passport, I came every week for trivia, my best friend and I knew all the bartenders... now it's a north (well, now "mid") Naples hot spot. This, of course, is awesome for them... but sucks for an ol' regular. The food has always been decent, the bartenders have and will always be (as I've experienced) nice and well educated on their beer selection, I don't ever really want to turn an invitation here down - but my last appearance enlightened me. Stamped and ID'd at the door before 9pm? I get it, but I wasn't planning on attending a nightclub... am I now not allowed to just want to eat at 8:45? As ridic as it was inside, the bartenders didn't seemed rushed and let me know someone would be around to get me ASAP instead of just ignoring me completely (any acknowledgement buys minutes in my book). I'll be back, but I'll try to avoid peak times now.
Awesome service, great prices if you are "in the biz" and well above average bar food makes the Pub one of my favorite spots in town. I enjoyed a vodka cran, and a delicious pasta chicken dish for 17.00$. The "in the biz" discounts are simply great. My waiter was truly top notch and down to earth also. Everyone I was with fully enjoyed there evening  at The Pub as well. Can't beat this place in Naples.
This is the best place in naples to eat past 12:00 at night. If you have lived in naples for a long time like myself you should know by now that after midnight everything in naples shuts down but not the pub it stays open till 2 and always has great food to be eaten.
Awesome place.. Went on a Fri night... thought it wouldn't be too busy at 6pm but.. they had an outdoor fair/band going on right outside ( with beers/wine) and it made the short wait of 20 min go by fast - inside was packed at this time on a Fri night but got a great little table near the front-- food was outstanding ( fish N chips, sheperds pie) plus the Guiness was flowing -- great black and tan beers. Our waitress was outstanding!  even with it being busy.  I would love to visit again so I could enjoy the bar area- lots of on tap beers.
So good!!  Def pick the Queens Velvet to drink paired with the buffalo sliders ahhhmazballzzz!!
Great place to eat before a good movie at Silver Spot. They changed there menu to make it more simple. Love it. I had Bangers & Mash. It was really good. Highly recommended. The guys working there wear kilts. I could not do it but more power to them. :-)
First time here this week, and I am a huge fan.  Server/Bar Tender came out and started gabbing about the industry.  Told him I was a server and they gave me an "In the business card", with various drink discounts.  With that being said, this is my new favorite spot in Mercato. The food selection is awesome as well.  Unique appetizers, good meals, and good portions.  I got the southwest turkey panini and it was fire.  I got the onion straws on the side, put them on the panini, and created a sammich of super dankness. Beer:  Go for the mixes.  Guinness + hoegaarden = Heaven in a 20 oz glass.  I don't want to put on paper how much it cost with the discount card.  I might break the pub.
Big bar with a good crowd. Went there on a Friday night and it was a relaxing but fun place to unwind and mingle with locals! I will say that service is slow as is most of the service out here, but it was a good atmosphere and a fun crowd!
I love The Pub. I've gone out with friends there, had casual meals with my husband there, done the trivia night with a group there, and had all 10-12 members of our family eat there for a together meal ( EVERY order came out right??!!)  and I always enjoy myself. From a food standpoint I think it's consistent , and usually delicious ( minus a few of the fish selections, those are a little blah). I love their fries, the Reuben, the wings, the pretzel rolls, the pot pie, the desserts, the apps....etc. I don't go here to eat healthy, but  have seen a few promising selections on their menu. Service is .....either wonderful, or at worst, ok. I enjoy the Cider selections, and have also had some very tasty martinis here. Inside or outside is nice, I always aim for a cozy booth, but sometimes it's perfect to sit outside on a cool January night people watching. They have lots of live entertainment that usually sounds alike, but is fun to listen to.
Damn good food, Great bartenders, awesome atmosphere, really cool servers & staff, I really like this place & find it hard to grab a beer anywhere else whenever I feel like grabbing one. Fish & Chips are perfect, burgers always good & the summer has specials almost every night of the week... Trivia on Monday is fun if you're in the mood for that. Silverspot movie theatre right above? Perfect spot for a pint before & after your movie! Old Speckled Hen! Highly recommended, but the Guinness is great as well, Love this place!
Nice chain, been to one Midwest, very extensive beer list. Kentucky bourbon ale was exceptional with 8.5 percent alcohol, don't need many of these to take you to wear you want to go. Apps list extensive with creative flavors blended well ordered three and a salad to share and a good time was had by all!
Yay!  I AM a fan of The Pub! Fun environment + attentive, knowledgable and clever staff + yummy  true blue pub food = good time for everyone.  They also have cute 10oz size glasses so one can experiment with the wide array of beer choices.  Score!! Their Bloody Mary requires it's own menu of garnish options which include shrimp, asparagus, various cheeses etc. You can stack up to 8 items.  If Homer Simpson liked Bloodies he would say "Mmmmmmmmmmm..."
We had dinner here last night and the food was fantastic.  My mother who is from Wales got the fish and chips and they were the best she has ever had outside of the UK, and that is saying a lot!  My father got the shephards pie and he loved it.  Service was great and it by far was our best meal so far in Naples.
We went to the pub for drinks before dinner so we sat at the bar.When I ordered drinks for the bar-maid she was very rude to me and I wasn't impressed,we like the pub because of there selections of beers on draft and in the bottles. Will probably return but will not order from the girl who severed us.I still tipped her 20% cause that's how I roll.
Went here after watching a movie to get some food and a drink and ended up having the worst possible time.  The service was great but the bald headed manager was not.  One of my friends had an issue with thier food, nothing big and the manager practically yelled at her and made her actually go into the bathroom and burst into tears.  We got up immediately and left.  Great way to lose business forever is by insulting your guests and humiliating your patrons...
This place is a gem. My husband and I stopped in after a movie and enjoyed an awesome happy hour. We sat in a cozy booth by the bar which made for fun people watching. I had the strawberry fields martini which was delicious! We split the belhaven beer cheese appetizer with fresh pretzels and veggies which was amazing. All the food coming out of the kitchen looked so fresh and yummy. I can't wait to go back to try more. The service was the best I've seen in Naples. Very chill atmosphere, too.
Kind of interesting place in a fancy mall in Naples. We were able to snag a table outside and enjoy the somewhat cool weather. Everyone here wears a kilt, even the men (which I know is traditional in Ireland and to Irish people) and I just didn't see how that fit in with the culture of Naples. They had a great beer list and our server was pretty nice and prompt. They had a blueberry beer on special which was amazing. The food also looked pretty good and interesting, but we had already eaten and were just taking a tour of the area. I just didn't get the kilt thing and they weren't super short like at The Tilted Kilt where that's the whole point. The usual Naples scene was in attendance, a lot of cougars getting drunk at the bar and hitting on the men in our group. Everything was quite entertaining actually and they are in a great spot for people watching.
Good food and location
The Chicken Belhaven burger was amazing! I ate there twice on my trip to Naples and got the sandwhich both times. I enjoyed sitting outside a little better because it wasn't as loud.
I gotta say I absolutely loved The Pub when they first opened...amazing beer selection, great Happy Hour and best of all, great vibe, solid & reliable food. But I've been ever disappointed in my recent visits for the past year. Sloppy appearance, the beer list is completely boring, and the food is down right sloppy. My recent Southwestern Turkey Panini was so painfully bland and tired, on a second visit mere days later, my Buffalo Chicken Sliders were so small and frankly lazy. I like the location but they've simply have fallen flat over the past year plus.
The fish and chips were fantastic.  Some of the best I have had outside of England! And was very happy that the bartender, could pour my very favorite summer english drink, a Beer Shandy (a beer and 7-UP mix) and it was fantastic.  The place was really rocking and my family and I loved it!
One gazillion beers on tap and no Miller Lite?   I think the place just went completely silent and the music came to a screeching halt.  Yes, I did ask for a Miller Lite (and that's me keeping it classy) or I would have asked for a Miller High Life.  Besides not having any lite beers on tap (because some people have to fit into their jeans the next day) the Pub is a really fun place to hang out.  BTW.  If you want that fifth star I suggest getting some Miller High Life on tap.  Everyone needs a pint of Champaign every now and then.
Nice little version of an Irish pub in a metropolitan vibe. It's the go to spot in Mercato if you're not up for a crowded club vibe. It's turned into a great hometown bar, especially on weekends to get your evening started. Fun crowd, friendly and hardworking staff.
The first time I visited The Pub was for drinks with a friend.  We sat inside at one of the round tables.  Very awkward with this high center piece - not exactly sure what it's for other than making it impossible to see over.  Anyway, drinks were watered down and the place was extremely loud.  (My throat hurt the next day from trying to be heard by my friend whosat less than 2 feet away!)  Service was good that night and people were friendly so not entirely turned off the place. Went back a few weeks later with more friends.  This time we opted to sit outside where we could be heard.  Bugs were a nuisance but so be it.  Friends ordered wine.  I ordered a Belhaven Scottish ale, which was delicious, and went perfectly with my fish and chips.  Unfortunately the service was horrible and there was great mix-up with credit card charges.  (We will definitely be looking at the statement when it arrives later this month.) The place was packed with young and old alike but, I think I won't be coming back, despite the good ale.  This place has alot to work out before season begins in earnest here in Naples.
Great spot for lunch in great location in Venetian Village.  We have eaten here several times and the lunch menu has a nice variety. I usually have seafood, but just tried the cheddar burger and it was excellent. The service is always good and there's a nice view, if you choose outdoor seating.  The prices are reasonable for the area. Atmosphere is casual.
Came here when they have their happy hour specials and the place was packed!! They've done a great job with the pub theme, and all the decorations are fun to look around at while waiting for food. They have a great selection of beers and great food! We had a few appetizers, my favorite of which was a goat cheese dip..try it if you go, SO good!! Service was good and it was a fun atmosphere.
We decided to try The Pub at the last minute when planning a movie night. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the restaurant which is inside Mercato- an exceptional complex of shops, restaurants and condos in the Vanderbilt Beach area of Naples. The four of us were seated promptly in a street side table and quickly greeted by our waitress. The service was exceptional from start to finish. She suggested menu items and watched our drinks to make sure we had what we needed. We all ordered British dishes- beer battered fish & chips, shepherds pie which were all very tasty. People watching was also fun and the place was busy but the staff was quick to deliver our food and check when we were ready to head to the movie.
I didn't eat here, just threw back a few w some girlfriends. man i wish this whole plaza was open when I lived here. so lively and poppin now. even w a very good share of young folks. who would have thought that could occur in naples?! anyway, the bar is very old school british, awesome beers on tap, it was packed and buzzin w a friendly laid back crowd, sure there are your fair share of cougars and pumas makin the rounds, but thats part of the entertainment. def a nice place to grab a drink or 2 in the 239!
Best spot in Mercato, for sure. Great selection of beers & cocktails, good/friendly/knowledgeable service and even better food! My favorites: Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Cheese Bollocks & Pub Pizza. If you aren't into the club/nightlife scene in Mercato, this is your place! You won't be disappointed.
Great, great food. Great beer. Great environment. Great everything here. Our server was very attentive on a busy day.
Whenever I come here I wonder where all these young people are in Naples the rest of the time - it's like they bus in great looking, high style people in their twenties from other cities. By far the best place to people watch, drink a pint of beer with a name you can't pronounce and enjoy fish & chips. One of our go to spots for girls night out with an outdoor patio that is perfect for great winter weather. Only negatives are that it's super busy most every night and the hostess is MIA.
Being a foodie from California, it has been challenging finding good food in florida (sorry).  However, the Pub was a most excellent surprise. A huge delicious selection of brit\euro brews on tap and tasty pub fare. Seriously happy about the happy hour. The cheese bollocks are unreal. Love it! The servers are also very friendly and knowlegeable.  Pub lovers will be uber happy here.
Finally! Fun times! Great place. Very busy.
Amazing beer list and unbelievable prices. The flight offers 4 5oz beers from their seemingly unending selection from around the world. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Fish & Chips was a really nice cut of fish not overly greasy. Atmosphere is cute - very British. I will definitely recommend to family & friends and return whenever I am in town.
I really like the Pub and would recommend it to anyone who likes great beer.  My wife and I go there pretty regularly and we almost always have had fun experiences. We like the ambiance and vibe the place gives off.  Most of the service staff is very competent and friendly.  The only complaint I have is that the food is hit and miss.  I have had some really good meals, and a few truly awful meals.  By in large, if you keep it simple, you won't be disappointed.
Best burger I have had ....crisps are great too. Prices very.reasonable. service was ok..
Great beer selection.  Fun place if your in Naples.
Ask for "D - minor" top server in a wonderful British pub.   Anything she recommends is excellent.  Say Skip sent you.  Wish Di a happy birthday on May 19th.
Great beer selection. Great scotch selection and an awesome fish and chips plate.
Always used to go to pub. Sorry but the menu changed the summer 2013 and its just not the same. Prices went up and servings got smaller.Now we are lucky to go once a month.The servers,women,are incredibly rude and one even told my parents that ordering water to drink cuts into their tip. These are the two that are older and serve outside.
Service was a little slow for a mid day lunch but food was worth the wait!
The Pub is our favorite place in Naples for birthdays and events. Wonderful selection of alcohol. They even have Dogfishhead on tap!
Good service from people who know what they are doing. I enjoy their menu selection and the food is very good. I recommend the lamb sliders and homemade potato chips.
Pretty  good place to get a beer (or cider, or wine, or cocktail). Nice bartenders, although I'm not sure how I feel about them wearing kilts, lol. Wish the kitchen was open when I was there... I would have liked to try some food (hence only 3 stars). Not bad, though, and prices were okay, too.
Great place in an area of wonderful places to choose from! The bar is always packed with a good crowed of people, and the beer selection is excellent. The Lamb burger on pretzel bun is excellent! So are the curry fries and chicken nachos! Good place to come to hang out and catch a game or just have a few drinks and good food a good prices!
It was busy and a little loud on a Friday night but the service was great and so was the food.  They have a great  selection of beers.  You gotta try the fried cucumbers - an excellent appetizer!  I'll be back.
Great atmosphere here.  The beer selection was decent and our waitress was excellent.  Also had the buffalo chicken sliders which were quite good.  This place seems to attract more of a business person crowd, on the younger side.  I would definitely go back.
I love this place take friends here often,just very relax chill atmosphere ,always sit outside.They have good mahi and ungrouper.Burgers are good too.
The closest thing to a nice bar in this town. They have the best beers on tap try the samplers to find ones you enjoy. Try the Chocolate Stout. They have really good appetizers and atmosphere.
First wonderful beer and scotch selection I have found in southern Florida. In a state ruled by Buttweiser the selections here were awesome. The lamb burger was pretty tasty. Service kinda slow but a nice atmosphere
Although the food is good and the kilts are short, the place is too loud for conversation and too dark to read the menu.  Also, the Smithwicks was flat, which is a sin.  The wait was long for a party of six.
The wait staff was the only thing unpleasant.  No hostess greeted us, which was a real confusing start.  The entire wait staff seemed to have other things on their minds, other than waiting tables.  Food was a four star and prices are reasonable.  The beer/wine/alcohol selection is a five star.  I truly appreciate that they have so many beers on tap.  Looking around, most people just walk in, grab a seat, and order drinks, so that is what I will do next time.  Not a family atmosphere, so take the kids and those that shun drinking somewhere else.  But for a great selection of alcohol, this might me one of my picks.
Superquick service and very friendly patrons, a nice change from many of the places that you'll find in this general area. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a laid back environment.
Excellent selection of British and European beers on tap/bottle. Food is a little too pricey, very average and portion sizes are small. The food at the British Open Pub in Bonita Springs is far more authentic and better value too. Atmosphere and location though are excellent and it's very popular Thursday - Saturday. They do have live music and it can get pretty loud! Overall, I'd say The Pub is a great hangout for a drink and people watching (a mixed crowd) but not a great place to have a meal.
A very cool place. Amazing beer selection. Preferred to sit outside because inside was a little too noisy for dinner. Pretzel bread was delicious. Beer cheese was a bit of a disappointment, though. Wish it would have been warmed.
When I actually take the time to write a review it is usually because I feel compelled to do so because of an outstanding experience or the complete opposite, my time is very important to me as I know it is to others so the fact that I'm writing this tells you something in regard to my experience. Although I do love the atmosphere and vibe of The Pub, the service is just downright unacceptable and with no signs of personality whatsoever and just to be clear I have been to The Pub about a half dozen times. Specifically what my issue is with is the bartenders "none of them that I can see remember how far a smile can go" I'm being serious, my wife and I both said it. Every bartender that has served us with the exception of one of the girls just totally lacked in personality, no smile, no sense of humor, no small talk, kept us waiting constantly for drinks even when its not busy. My wife and I have been in the service business for the better part of our lives and understand the importance of all the above mentioned issues. My wife has bartended for years and knows that when your drink is half-full you ask if you would like another drink "NOPE NOT HERE" your glass can be empty for 20 minutes and have 5 different bartenders walk right past you, look at you in the eyes, see your empty drink and NOT SAY A WORD until you say UM COULD WE PLEASE GET ANOTHER DRINK? Last night when we were there it looked to be that there were 5 to 6 bartenders on staff and it was moderately busy, we found two stools at the bar and sat waiting to order a beer, 5 minutes later and half dozen bartender passing by NOTHING, 5 minutes after that NOTHING, 5 minutes after that I will let you guess what happened "BIG OLE NOTHING" and 5 minutes after that you will never guess what happened NOTHING, NOTHING and more NOTHING!!!!!! My wife and I were completely beside ourselves "ARE WE ON A HIDDEN CAMERA SHOW" did we arrive with our invisible clothing and not realize it, did we forget to put on our deodorant? 20 Freaking minutes sitting at a bar with NO DRINKS in front of us with 6 bartenders on, passing right in front of us looking at the bar with NO DRINKS and not a word "REALLY"???? Thank goodness for Josh the bar back because he actually got us our order and he is really not even supposed to, even after he went to one of the bartenders by our request to have him come over and take our orders we STILL got no service from a bartender, so Josh continued to serve us "THANK YOU JOSH" you are the man.  Here is my suggestion to management "have a team meeting and go over bartender etiquette, personality, awareness, how to properly work a bar and then hold your people accountable to a particular standard" what we have experienced here is completely unacceptable and it is your duty as management to control the environment that you work in not the other way around. With all this being said I won't be going back anymore and if anyone were to ask me about the place I would be honest by telling them that I love the atmosphere, vibe and crowd but cant stand the service. Now that I have just taken up 15 minutes of my life to write this review I can only hope that something will change so that these types of scenarios don't happen to other good paying customers.
I'm a big fan of The Pub. Great beer selection, excellent mixed crowd ( young, middle aged and older). Bartenders who are knowledgeable and funny. Atmosphere is great, make this your number 1 hangout.
I am going to ask you if you like good British Food? I ordered a glass of wine. My husband was torn between the beers. Our server Steve gave my husband several different samples of different beers. My husband found a hidden treasure in the Belhaven Lager. We surrendered to having fish and chips as we were in a British Pub. The fish was much bettter than anything we had in London. We will be back with friends for happy hour. Also in store for us is a piece of the Glenmorangie Cheesecake.
I have been coming to Naples for years and had never been here before last night. All I can say is thank you Yelpers.  The food was great, the beer selection was even better and both the ambiance and service could not have been any better. If you are looking for a fun place to eat -- particularly if you like European beer -- this is a great option. Also, price was very reasonable.
