Once again Joe's Diner was outstanding! This has become a tradition while in Naples on our family vacation. Oscar is especially sweet, always making sure everyone has what they need and makes sure to capture a picture of us to put up on the tv that circulates pictures of different parties enjoying their breakfast at Joe's. This makes it feel like you're part of the Joe's family. From the great service to the outstanding food, Joe's is worth the trip every time!
this place was solid. filled with locals (mostly elderly people) you can tell almost everyone was a regular. the staff was friendly and worked seamlessly moving around the tight restaurant to get to everyone. I had the best patty melt I've ever had in my life (I substituted the rye for sourdough and it was a wise choice). my husbands roast beef sandwich looked perfect and by how quickly he inhaled it he must've loved it. we didn't stick around for dessert because we were eager to check into our hotel. but we really wanted to make it back for breakfast, it looked soooo good!.
The Patty Melt was good - great burger and nicely griddled Rye bread - but it was light on the sauce and the onions were a little undercooked IMO. The service was great and my sister LOVED her Triple Crown omelet. Do not order the BLT - only 2 strips of bacon and Miracle Whip instead of mayo.
This is a great place if you want your stomach to be full. It's great quality for a cheap price! I personally enjoyed the French Toast. I would recommend this place for a quick,cheap,yummy breakfast.  They have a kids menu and adult. Your kids  (if you have any) would enjoy this diner. Joes Diner is the place to go !
Breakfast here is great. The assortment of eggs Benedict is also great. I have tried three different ones. Only complaint is my Dad got steak and eggs and the steak was fatty.
My wife and I drive from Fort Myers to Joe's( 25 miles round trip) once or twice a month for Breakfast. And why would we drive that far for a simple Breakfast? Simply put at Joe's I can get the best Breakfast I have ever had with moderate prices to boot. Omlets ( my favorite), pancakes, French Toast, eggs over easy, you name it and the quality is excellent. One of the few places I can get bacon that is cooked but not crispy and/or burned. Staff is always friendly, food is out quick and the ice tea never stops flowing. Its probably good they are so far away, I would eat here way more often if it was closer. Summing up:  If you want Breakfast, this is the place. The only wonder is you can normally get in without too long a wait. Wake up Naples, they are in your own backyard!
TeamFike approved!!! We had the slugger which is an omelette with chilli. It's like eggs and the best chilli doing the 69. We also had the huevos rancheros. They were really good with potatoes as a side. Small restaurant but with a nice atmosphere. Food came out super fast. Will come  again.
What a great find! We were just driving by looking for a place to eat near Marcato and happened upon Joe's. As other reviewers had noted most of the people here were locals, always a good sign. I had the crispy French toast and my wife had the Cesar salad with fish both were delicious. It turns out the fish was Swai, Cooked perfectly. Wait staff was friendly. I had an opportunity to talk with Joe, the owner, who clearly has his pulse pn his patrons. Highly recommended.
Their Huevos Rancheros is fantastic. You have to get the potatoes with it and the jalapeños. Unbelievably good and the prices are great too!
Very friendly server who didn't bat an eye when my boyfriend started ordering egg whites scrambled in olive oil. My scrambled eggs in the huevos rancheros were great. The place looks very clean and the busser stayed on top of things.
Found this place by googling breakfast restaurant. What a find!  I loved everything!   This was exactly what I picture a diner should be. Nice diner style decor. Wonderful, friendly and warm service.  And now to the food: We both ordered The Natural which is a veggie omelet with mozzarella cheese. I added an on to mine. The vegetables were fresh and plenty. I don't usually like my eggs with cheese but the mozzarella was so stretchy that I couldn't resist and ate it. We ordered our omelet with potatoes which were also amazing. It was red potatoes cut into quarters and cooked with onions and peppers. Also delicious. They offer a free aide of grits if you just ask. There are so many choices on the menu.   We watched the food that was coming out and it ALL looked wonderful which made it harder to choose. All the food looked fresh even the fruit. Definitely a must go place.
Best breakfast in town and amazing friendly service! Would highly recommend it to anyone.
Excellent prices and value. Everything was really REALLY good. Parking was a bit weird getting in and out of but still great location and terrific staff.
TRYING TO MAKE IT RIGHT I am changing my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars for the simple reason that Joey D, the owner, reached out to me on Yelp. You can see his comments below my 1st review. I still stand by my original review and I hope that Joey D takes the steps to try and improve the customer experience. He seems really committed and he loves his business, his food and his customers. One of my biggest complaints was the lack of friendly customer service received by the waitresses. Joey D unfortunately has to clean up this mess and he is making an effort through his response to me.
Just had an awesome breakfast here. (We're from Jersey, and service like this is pretty hard to come by.) First off, our waitress was very welcoming, was always pouring us coffee, and we got our food out right away. My husband and I got the 2-2-2 combo which is nice and simple, as always. But the dish that really stood out was my daughter's -- the tropical chicken salad. Light, crisp greens, chicken is cooked nicely and not over-salted. Raspberry vinaigrette and the tropical umbrella prop were nice touches, as well. We also got a voucher, so we will most definitely be returning, too! :-)
Here we go again.  Walked in on a Sunday, early afternoon. 2 old woman servers were sitting at the counter, they both turned. Looked at us standing and wondering if we should sit ourselves or wait for someone. However, they just as quickly turned away, after making eye contact, returned to eating. Should have left right there and then AGAIN, but wanted to see what and when anyone would come. Finally a younger woman came, she was nice but not very good at her job. Food was good enough to return for but not until they rid the old help and better train the servers. The server was confused about the Birthday club when we asked, ignored our 10%off Reward card we handed her, plus did not give us any points we earned for the meal. When we asked, she just said, oh, sorry, I did not notice, but did not offer to fix it. How could she miss it? She had it in her hand and returned it to us! Oh, also took our receipt, so we got none as we walked out the door. Didn't want to bother asking again.... Come on, you can have a good thing going here.... BTW I took pics of the same 2 oldies at the counter, they were still sitting there an hour later. It is posted in case you want to avoid them.
Went for breakfast today. Had burned blintzes that they served with the burned side down, cold left over bacon and so so scrambled eggs. The service was average at best. The server forget one item and when I asked for what I ordered looked like she was confused. The drive thru at Micket D is a better option or the drive thru at Dunkin. What a joke. Breakfast isn't rocket science.
Amazing service here they accommodated every request from my picky family! The pancakes are amazing and portions are huge. Free grits with every egg order! When something isn't right they fix it right away. It's a place everyone needs to try for breakfast!! And keep coming back.
HUGE Pancakes - and awesome french toast! Variety of toppings for either. Service was very fast, friendly and the prices are great. Local spot. We came back the next day for brunch. Definitely going back when we go to Naples. Highly recommend Joe's Diner.
I have had my eye on this place since my Yelp friend Jamie R. wrote her review.  The pancakes are the size of your head.  I saw them but did not order them.  I ordered something called Joe's Challenge.  It had two biscuit covered with gravy, eggs, potatoes, bacon all covered with more gravy.  I was able to finish 1/2 a challenge.  On another breakfast I had ham and eggs with whole wheat toast.  All were cooked per my order.  This is great option in Naples for breakfast and lunch.  If Goldies is too crowded you can come here and try it out.  As a bonus this diner is open on Sunday.
The service was good, the restaurant was clean, and the food was fine.  Friendly, casual atmosphere.
Was a bit hesitant at first, the atmosphere wasn't as cozy as I am used to for a breakfast / lunch nook, but I am extremely glad I gave Joe's a fair chance.  Seems a bit dismal in there, and the 40s- 50s era bee bop and malt shop theme could have been updated a bit.  But, in terms of the menu and food, I was very pleasantly surprised.  The menu has everything you could dream of in terms of hearty diner food and the portions are huge.  Everything I have ordered from there has been a gem. I have tried the crepes with yogurt and berries, a tuna melt, and fish sandwich.  YUM! The fish on the fish sandwich was fried to perfection and extended the size of the bun probably 3 times. Even besides the delicious food choices, the reason you should go to Joe's Diner, is their delightfully chipper, hip and friendly waitress named Birdie!  She is sarcastic and silly and I feel like she should be rollerskating around that place.  She referred to herself as looking like  Billy Idol (as they have similar hair) which really made me LOL.  Birdie made me feel so welcome and like we have known each other for years.  And for that, I will certainly look forward to returning.
Really delicious for breakfast & lunch. Sometimes grumpy old bittes as wait staff, but overall delicious food! Worth the cold shoulder, but always prompt service even if it's not always with a smile. The fun ambiance of the diner, and of course it's flavors makes up for it!
Really liked the skillet, service solid, prices reasonable, great menu variety, about everything you need in a breakfast spot.
Let me start by saying that the service was fast, friendly and courteous. I read some of the other reviews, and was a little worried to bring the kids. I can deal, but I don't want my kids treated badly, and that was not the case. It could be that we were there on a Monday, but everyone was great, from the waitress to the busboy. Now to the food, I had the bltce which was the bacon, lettuce, tomato with two eggs and cheese on toasted multigrain bread. It was so good, with each ingredient standing out on it's own. The bread was crispy and buttered, with the bacon a smokey delight, and eggs tasted farm fresh. Our only problem was choosing what to eat! This place is a good bet, enjoy breakfast here!
The country fried steak was SO good! Service was great and everything came out quickly, and was cooked perfectly. Hopefully you can get Birdie as your server!
In town and needed a good brunch place on a Sunday morning. So glad we picked this place. There was a wait, due to the small venue and the place just buzzing with people, but it was worth it. The have a great brunch/breakfast selection, definitely above par for diner style food (specifically the bacon - not greasy, thick-cut, big portion). Only thing I would say is that it is a small, tight space - so big groups or groups with a few small children may have a hard time with seating when it's busy.
Plain and simple THE BEST LOCAL RESTAURANT in naples! Breakfast is great and affordable. The service is always GREAT! The eggs Benedict is really good, I too recommend the biscuits n gravy but my favorite as of late has been the yogi Berra omelette. It's hard for me to even consider going anywhere else for breakfast or lunch. Plain and simple I stand by what I say, it is the best local restaurant in town and Joe knows the business I think he owns like 3 other restaurants in Naples. 5/5
Should have known, all the 4 stars review are breakfast. I ordered an open face turkey sandwich, it was way too salty. The food, 2 stars at best. However, the diner atmosphere and the waitress earned the 3rd star.
Wonderful breakfast place. Checked it out thanks to a recommendation from a co worker and all the yelp reviews and everything was spot on ... Food was great service was good I will defiantly be back when I'm in town.
This is my absolute favorite place to eat breakfast at! It gets crazy busy from 9-10:30 ish on weekends so be prepared to wait since it's pretty small in there. Great breakfast food and a vast menu to choose from.
Good place to stop for breakfast.  Convenient location.  Not outstanding food, but reliably good. And the service is fast and friendly.  Recommend for breakfast on the way to the airport.
Good, valuable food.
Wow, Joe was at the door to say hello, classic good ole home style cooking.  Tried joes challenge, hit the spot. All around good spot, oh.  The biscuits and gravy beats Cracker Barrel anyday. C
Awesome food had an omelete that was made perfect and decided to try sausage gravy biscuits out of hand good good hearty food and the people are real nice totally recomend you stop bye
I love the breakfast here. Joe's challenge was huge and really good. Obviously didn't eat it all but it was great. My wife's breakfast sandwich was really good also. Great value and great food
A big plus is they serve breakfast till 3pm. Thier other plusses are cool little diner atmosphere, food is great, service is freindly. It is a great Mom & Pop place, that is definitly worthy of your patronage Portions are good, prices are affordable, the only complaint my compadre had is the milk could be a bit colder.
Good breakfast- attentive servers! Will go.back!
Unapologetic breakfasts.  And with every portion, the menu's italics taunt: "Free grits"   Pancakes are the size of your head.  Waffles are fluffy light and dinner-plate sized.  Eggs come in every version and with any side.  Even the eggs flipped over easy, come off the griddle steaming and perfect.  This is a proud Mom & Pop joint that will sell you a t-shirt as easily as they will bring their six egg Challenge.  There are plenty of locals at these tables as well as genuine resto fans who will jockey with you for the too close tables.  But come anyway.  it's worth it.
Quick and very friendly service for this out-of-town visitor and her family. Our food was served nice and hot, as was the coffee.
Very cute diner! Highly recommend this place, we had a great breakfast. We normally try and avoid chain restaurants so we were excited to find this place close to our hotel. Eggs/Omelettes were perfectly cooked, everything tasted great. They also use the word 'pizazzy' 10 times in the menu.
Excellent food. Huge menu with any type of breakfast and lunch for all tastes. Service was great, very friendly. Highly recommend.
Satisfied our desire for a classic eggs and pancake breakfast. Pleased with the service and food.  Large portions!
Not great not bad decent food good variety bit pricey but hey its naples - its open, quick and convenient to job - which means  they are the  tallest midget in local diner scene .
Good, quick, simple and reasonably priced breakfast in a town where most breakfast joints are as expensive as dinner.  Great eggs!
I love going into to Joe's for breakfast!  The wait staff is fantastic!  My eggs are always cooked the way I order them:  over medium, the whites DONE!  Prices are fantastic.  If you ever come to Naples, make Joe's Diner a stop for the best breakfast in town.
Perfect Mom & Pop diner served up with a little sassy!
Great food for breakfast and lunch, they can get pretty busy but the food is served just as fast, cool older ladies have been working there for 15 years, real family kinda place.
While on vacation in Florida we took a little day trip away from Ft. Myers Beach and found this fantastic little diner. Now we finally know where we can get a good breakfast down there! The homemade biscuits and gravy were excellent and our daughter loved the happy face pancake, complete with little cocktail umbrella. Next Florida vacation and we will be going back for sure!
Delicious!  Everything we had was great, friendly service and very reasonably priced.
Typical Diner fare. My wife got a huge thing of french toast that she tried to finish but came up short. I ordered the Joes challenge which biscuts eggs, bacon, country potatoes all covered in gravy. It was indeed a challenge but I provailed ! Service was good and the food came fast and hot. If your looking for a simple breakfast Id give Joes a shot
Excellent food, prices, service.   Very friendly.  This place is packed on Sundays for a reason.  Much better ran than the one on Airport.
It is a place for breakfast...period.  What can you do to eggs? The staff are senior citizens as are most of the customers.  If you want memories of home when you were young, this is the spot.
good breakfast and lunch menu, reasonably priced, large portions and friendly neighborhood service. don't forget to ask for your free cup of grits!
Great neighborhood casual style.  I love the fact that the servers are so friendly every time I visit for breakfast.  My only gripe is I wish the tiny fruit side they serve was fresh.  Sometimes it looks like the day before yesterday's fresh fruit.  The cooked items are yummy and offer great value.  Of course I'll be back!
