This is literally the best gelato I've had in my life! CASH ONLY!!! It's inside the strip mall with Stein Mart and next to the UPS store. Firstly, the service is wonderful. The owner manages the shop, and he is welcoming and will ask about you and make pleasant conversation. The decor is very simple, but that does not detract from what really matters here: THE PRODUCT! The gelato is creamy, without being too sweet and you can really taste the flavors. He gladly let us try many flavors. The coconut for example, has little coconut pieces.  The coffee one has that earthy coffee flavor, and it's great! Great treat! Great service! Great everything! :) It really does not bother me that is cash only, it's a small locally owned business that is worth supporting.
Nothing like a little gelato to push down that overindulgent meal. Headed to this spot after reading reviews on Yelp and TA. Not disappointed. + Gelato was fresh and tasty. (Dark Chocolate with Almonds, yum.) + Open late, until 10pm on Saturday Night. This is huge for Naples.... - Cash Only (really?) +/- The fact that its tucked away in a strip mall takes away from the "Je ne sais quoi" however considering its Naples, and EVERYTHING is in a strip mall-its inevitable. Happy Eats, xoxo, jad
Have now tried to come here for the famous gelato on 2 separate visits to Naples. The first time was in the middle of July and there was a sign posted they would be closed thru the end of the month. We were very disappointed as their had been no mention of their closure on Yelp or their website. Today (8/16) we were back in town and figured to stop in for some gelato. Well what do you know? The place as closed once again with a sign saying they were on vacation with no return date. Once again, there was no mention of this anywhere. How do you run a business like  this in 2014? Reminds me of My Cousin Vinny where he says, "The whole store got the flu?".
I'm leaving this as 3* only because they were closed for vacation with no date posted as to when they would be open again. Such a disappointment. Have been looking forward to experiencing the best gelato and creeps around. Hopefully they will open before I have to leave town. Will know to call ahead next time.
I've traveled to many countries in my life and this is hands down the BEST gelato I've EVER tasted. Fabrice and his whole family are very friendly too, which makes it an excellent experience. Sad we moved to Cali. Nothing here compares.
RUN!!! Don't walk to this place. An authentic French Creperie and delicious, creamy gelato that comes in a wonderful assortment of different flavors, who could ask for anything more! This hidden gem is part of a big strip mall, so it's a little hard to find at first, but then, bingo! The French owner is so nice, just chat him and his wife up, or practice your French with them. They won't mind! Can't wait to come back to try more flavors. And of course, complimentary tastings of all the flavors to figure out exactly which one you need to bring home. Or just eat it all right there. They also have an outdoor seating section so you can enjoy a refreshing gelato in the sunshine. So what are you still doing reading this review? GO!
The best gelato in Naples . I have no words to explain how delicious it is. Cash only alert!!! I was there with my family many years ago, I forgot about it and went back last year and there it was . Same place, same corner, same owners! Love the variety of flavores they have . Totally recommend
Clean, well cared for ice cream/gelato shoppe. Yogurt is not self serve like all the new froyo places. But the gelato is amazing! Worth the stop.
Loooooove this place! Fabrice and family are so so soooo nice and make their gelato fresh. I never leave Naples without my fix, even when I'm on a diet. Very worth it.
Very good gelato. The coconut and yogurt n berries were our favorite two flavors.  It was a little hard to find the place in the strip mall but just look for the neon "ice cream" sign and you'll find it. We wished their chocolate flavors had a stronger chocolate taste.
As mentioned in other reviews CASH ONLY!! I love supporting small businesses and finding hidden gems. My BF took me to this place and I was skeptical at first. I mean we're in Southwest Florida....there's no way there can be any good gelato here, right? But I decided to go an humor him. HOLY CRAP! The gelato was beyond amazing. I've had gelato in Italy, France, Spain and this is on par with some of the best gelato you can find in Europe. They have such a wide array of flavors and they are made in house with the freshest ingredients. The owner is friendly and you can see he's passionate about making a great product. If you're ever in that area go check it out or maybe even make a special trip with your friends and family. I promise you won't be disappointed!!
WHERE IS IT? The Yelp app made me curious for this place, but I had to drive back and forth at this Publix plaza several times before noticing the sign at the windows. No sandwich board up front and no lit-up signs up top. Be warned: it's at the corner! GLANCING AROUND The décor inside is rather plain--and doesn't make me want to hang out in there. I'd rather grab my nommies and hike the plaza. Compared to the Central Florida gelato places I'm used to, 16 varieties is not a lot. The flavors were your everyday, appeal-to-all, safe flavors. The worker patiently stood by and offered many samples to my rather large, undecisive party. Besides straight-up gelato, the (broken and worn) menu also promoted milkshakes and other treats created from the gelato. A couple Yelpers mentioned crepes--I didn't see any! BADA-BOOM YUM The taste is definitely the star. My lemon and vanilla mixed into a milkshake was creamy, smooth, and not too thick. Each flavor was deep but harmonized together. The chocolate gelato is rich, creamy, and feels and tastes homemade. Even my friend's pistachio contained sprinkles of the nut and she loved the deep flavors.
Visiting the area with family and found this gem close by via Yelp.  Wonderful owners and the gelato is fantastic.  We were able to sample several other local ice cream / gelato shops in the area, many of which were very good, but when it came time to decide on a last night of vacation treat, Cesibon was the unanimous winner.
Just following up, I went to Cesibon again today. And I confirm that it is still as fantastic as it was when I first went. Absolutely the best gelato I've ever had. This time I tried the pistachio and the butter pecan flavors. Unbelievable. So creamy, so rich. I even had a little blorping of real butter swirling through my gelato. So. Good. Just go there!
I found this place on yelp and was not disappointed. I wish they had a few more authentic Italian flavors but the dark chocolate was to die for!
Excellent gelato. Flavors change daily. I had a combo of coconut and pistachio. My husband had a combo of peanut butter and dark chocolate with almonds.
First things first, cash only! Another treasure found in yet another Publix Strip Mall.  Omigod.  This place is divine.  I thought I knew great ice cream (for all intents and purposes, for one moment I will lump ice cream with gelato, but yes I do know they are different).  I thought I've had the best.  Sebastian Joe's in Minneapolis.  Yes of course.  But I think this place has them beat by a mile.  Shhh... don't tell my friends in Minneapolis I said that.   And Sebastian Joe's is also super good if you are ever in Minneapolis too.   But this place is FREAKING AMAZING!  The friendly French couple who owns it.  God how many hours do they work a week?  And always so friendly.  We came here two consecutive nights and each night I had so many different flavors.  Just try a bunch, they don't mind, get what you like best.  Get a medium and you can have two different flavors, get a large and you can have three different flavors.   I also appreciate the honesty.  I asked the husband what his favorite flavor was, curious because they are all so good.  He shrugged and said with his French accent "ehh I don't care, I've been making ice cream for 10 years".  You gotta love that kind of honesty.   Then we discussed Camus, Traffaut, and French existentialism versus German existentialism.  Just kidding.  That was the end of the conversation, he was pretty busy. But seriously.  Go here.  Eat here.  I had one flavor (I think the cookies and cream) and it literally made me smile.  I AM NOT JOKING.
By far, this is the best gelato that I ever had.  The owners, originally from France, always greets you with a very friendly personality.  This is a great way for me to practice some of the french that I had lost in my memory bank without feeling like a total fool. I was initially first turned off by the fact it was a cash-only establishment, but it is definitely worth finding an ATM for such a treat. The display of gelato faces the door, so you are greeted right then and there with a myriad of beautiful colors and flavors.  They range from chocolate, dark chocolate with almonds, coconut, pistachio, biscotti, tiramisu, coffee to lemon, strawberry and other fruit flavors.  The gelato has the perfect texture.  It's not heavy, but has a light airy and smooth feel to it. My favorite is tiramisu.  Hands down.  On a homemade waffle cone.  They offer many different sizes and you can get it in a cup.  You also have the option of getting two flavors. In a world of being bombarded by frozen yogurt establishments in the area, this is a great, local small business that I'm all about supporting.  You can find this hidden gem in Pelican Bay.
The confluence of a late-night ice cream craving, an outdated navigation system listing, and a little bit of luck led me to Cesibon last night for some amazing gelato. A lovely French man (who is also the owner) served us--I had a small waffle cone with dark chocolate almond and mint chocolate (drooling a bit just thinking about it) and it was one of the most delicious and decadent treats I've ever enjoyed. Creamy without being too rich and amazing depth of flavor without being cloyingly sweet. Don't let the exterior throw you off--an unassuming strip mall and a neon ice cream cone outside really don't do the delights within proper justice. In addition to gelato, they also serve sorbet (fresh made with real fruit) and a few other types of treats (frozen yogurt, etc.). And if you find yourself on the receiving end of a late night ice cream crave, they're open 'till 10pm on Friday & Saturday nights!
True European Gelato in Naples, FL.   My favorite flavor is the 'Yogurt with Berries' it is soo good!  Not too sweet at all.  They'll let you try any flavor until you've found the right one. The owners are extremely friendly.  I would like to try their other offerings (Crepes, soft-serve), but I just can't get past the gorgeous display of gelato.
Excellent Gelato. My favorite in Naples. Cash is the only form of payment so prepare for that and bring a cooler because you'll want to take some gelato home. A very nice French couple own this place..
Yum! Definitely among the best gelato I've found in the US. The mango and raspberry were fabulous. My husband had the dark chocolate and I have already planned a trip back for a cup of that tomorrow! The owner is friendly and authentic. You should definitely make this a "must go" in Naples.
All I can say is yuuuuummm!  Found this little gem through Yelp..It could possibly be the creamiest gelato I have ever had!  On the advice of another review I had the yogart and berries..it is fabulous.... tastes like an incredible creamy cheese cake...chocolate was equally rich and yummy...full of flavor...other family members had dark choc almond, coconut and butter pecan..all were fabulous although the butter pecan tasted a bit more like toffee but still yummy! We will be making this a regular stop in Naple!
Literally, one of THE best things I have ever put in my mouth. I wish I would have found this place earlier in my trip, but now that I know it's there, I might take a flight down there just to get the ice cream/gelato. The owner (who hand makes the ice cream/gelato with his hands from real fruit) was kind enough to let us sample (GET THE STRAWBERRY) and then let us pick two different flavors because we couldn't decide what to get.  The price itself was unreal for the location (Naples, where everything is twice as much as anywhere else in the world).  I mean, I can't even explain the sensation I had running through my body when I started to eat it. If you are anywhere within 50 miles of this place, I HIGHLY recommend that you take a trip through this hidden gem.  Maybe the best part of my little vacay.
Gelato is consistently outstanding. This is as good as it gets! We go every time we are in Naples!
I've eaten my share of gelato and this is up there with the best!!!  Creamy, dreamy, full of flavor....real, rich, true flavor.....not a 'flavoring' REAL flavor!  My favorite is the coconut....full of bits of coconut.  The dark chocolate is also rich, chocolatey and when you taste it you will have to make a noise....like UMMMMMM SO GOOD. A true hidden gem in Naples!  Seek it out!
My wife and I lived in Europe for four years and really miss the gelato, so we were very pleased to find Cesibon. I had the coconut and pistachio and my wife had peanut butter and chocolate and it reminded us of the good old days in Europe. We highly recommend it.
When we travel and want a treat after dinner, we seek out a place for ice cream, but especially gelato. Cesibon sets the standard and no place can compare. If you are in the area, stop by. If not close by, drive and you will not be disappointed.
I underestimated how long it took to get here from Marco Island, but it was well worth the extra travel time. Thanks to the Yelp reviewers for a great recommendation!  The Dark Chocolate gelato is delicious.
My husband and I tried Cesibon a few weeks ago. Eevn though we've been living in the area for a few years we had no idea it was on that corner. Sometimes you have to drive into those little strip malls and peek around. The gelato was wonderful! The atmosphere was lacking but the dessert we had made up for that. I want to go back and try their crepes.
Amazing gelato.  Would go everyday if I could!
There aren't enough stars to express how fantastic this place is! We all had sundaes with the dark chocolate w/roasted almonds, and all our flavors were absolutely delicious. We love trying new ice cream/yogurt/custard places, and this is probably the best we've had anywhere. My husband said he had gelato in Italy that wasn't this good! If you're in the area, you have to try Cesibon.
What a great find!! Hidden out in the open - right beside the Publix store. The gelato was so creamy and delicious - the dark chocolate was probably the best. Highly recommend this place.
It was so good, wife and I had to go back the next day.  The only bad part is that we didn't find the place until the end of our vacation.  Honestly, the best gelato that I have ever eaten, and plus it was not expensive.  The owner/operator, from the French Alps, makes everything and has a hidden treasure in a strip mall.
Great little place. Tried it once after being recommended by others and then went back the following few days. great value.
Absolutely delicious. My friends and I had trouble finding it because it's in a strip mall but it doesn't have a huge sign out front. It is in between Stein Mart and UPS. Keep looking til you find it--you won't regret it!
THE best gelato I have ever had in my life. The owners are always so friendly and make you feel welcome right away. There are so many flavors and every single flavor I've tried has been AMAZING. The texture of the ice cream is extremely creamy and smooth and the flavor is just insane. SO fresh tasting and not artificial like some other places. My favorites are the coconut, hazelnut and tiramisu. They also offer sugar-free and fat-free options that are still just as delicious as the regular flavors. I can't say enough good things about this gelato shop...just that you HAVE to try it and just see for yourself why it has 5 stars. One bite and you'll know right away.
Cesibon means "so good" in French. The owner is from France. We showed up with 15 people and were given great service. The product had an excellent taste. Good atmosphere. However, it is a cash only place.
Yum is all I can say.  Try the coconut... .that is my favorite.   This is the best gelato I have ever had.  It is worth finding!  Beware that they only take cash though.
Simply decadent, the vanilla is out of this world! Will definitely be coming back.
