I LOVED THIS PLACE! I had eat 2 times in here and is always delicious and healthy, the staff was great and really helpful. they have great vegan and vegetarian options, not a lot but always tasty. I think is one of the best healthy restaurants in Naples!
I'm dishing up 4 stars for The Local, not just because of the quality of the food and dining experience, but because of what this restaurant represents.  It offers tourists and locals in Naples something truly unique.  Consider the fact that there are TONS of dining options here-- too many (in my opinion) steak and chophouses and plenty of fast food joints.  What The Local brings to the table is farm fresh entrees made from ingredients, many of which are locally sourced.  Plates are colorful which is something I always like to see.  For those who are gluten-sensitive or have Celiac, this place is an oasis.  It's a little trickier if you don't consume dairy, but they'll cater to your needs however they can.  Prior to going, I perused the menu and my jaw dropped when I discovered they serve gluten free pasta.  What I didn't realize is that only the homemade pasta comes in a wide variety; if you order GF pasta, you get rotini.  I guess this makes sense.  I've never had GF fettucine, for instance, at a restaurant.  But I was just bummed and felt less excited about ordering pasta.  (I mean, I can just boil up some Tinkyada rotini at home...).  So instead I went with the "Kung Pao Avocado Panko Breaded Jasmine Rice, Bell Pepper, Onion, Cilantro and Cashews" and it was pretty good.  My partner M ordered the "Carnivore" flatbread and loved it.  Overall, it wasn't surprising that there wasn't an empty table in the restaurant by the time we left at around 7 pm.  If I lived in Naples, I'd be a regular here.
This is my second time dining here and it seems the food was better then the first time. Great restaurant with outstanding, fresh food with good service. I'm going to try them next week for lunch.
After reading all the positive reviews I thought I'd try lunch. Wasn't that busy but took 40 minutes for our sandwiches to arrive. Waiter even asked us if we wanted dessert before our meal arrived. When my sand which finally arrived, it was basically bread and a thin slice of pork. Never have I seen such a poor proportion. At $10 you'd think you might get two slices. All and all I wont be going back.
Everything we had tonight was superb. The pompano was to die for. One of our party had the grass fed NY Strip Steak--loved every bite of it .Fresh, healthy and full of flavor. We are never really satisfied anymore unless we eat at the LOCAL.  Nothing fried at the Local. No unhealthy food here! We are completely satisfied each and every time we go to the Local. We  can't wait to return.  This place cannot be beat anywhere in and around Naples.
We have eaten here 4x and loved it every time.  Soups are super, sandwiches for lunch were great and flatbreads were outstanding - we'll be back.
I'm still going to give them 5 stars because the food is amazing but I was highly disappointed by the evening staff. Ok so I write this great review on the 11th of June regarding my lunch experience and the special of the day. Well I tell my husband and on his way home from work he decideds to stop and get to specials to take home for him and the kids (and some more for me also lol) he said he went into the resturant and there was a waitress (the one with tats, I have them too so don't over read that comment) by the door. He said there was not a soul in the resturant. He said "Hi my wife was here for lunch and had your special today and white, flatbread with Mozzarella, Cherry Tomatoes and Roasted Garlic on it, she said it was out of this world so I would like to order two (2) of these to go. The waitress replied "We carry other flatbreads you know" he said "That's cool, but I would rather order the Special of the day before you do not have it anymore." She didn't want him to order it and said yeah were not doing that anymore. He said can you ask the Chef. So she went in the back came out and said "The Chef doesn't want to do it so you can order another Flatbread or nothing". He walked out and left. Here's the thing don't disrespect a customer especially one who is a foody and knows alot of people. The day shift must be different then the night shift that is for sure.
Every time I go to Naples this is where I eat.   I'm 5'11, 190 lbs and enjoy my position at the top of the food chain.  They have some of the best protein, vegetarian and vegan dishes I have ever eaten.  Three words - kung pao avacado.  It's a vegetarian dish and it's unbelievably good.  I ordered the kung pao avacado appetizer and the kung pao avacdo entree.  I don't want to place a stigma label to this place; it's vegetarian or vegan or anything like this.  This is simply great food that is healthy, local and thoughtful.  Casual service with knowledgable and attentive wait staff.  When you guys are ready to franchise and take over the world, give me a call and I'll invest.
Went here for the first time tonight. It was so refreshing to see different menu items from the usual items that seem to be on many menus in Naples. By far, the best part of the meal was the sides. I didn't love my entree - the pork shoulder- as it was too fatty. The manager noticed that I hadn't eaten it and offered to have me order something different but after eating the sides, I was full. What a pleasant surprise when the check came and the meal was comped. I would never had asked for this, as it just wasn't to my liking but this is the way to win over customers. I will definitely be back to try it again. It is by far the freshest tasting food in Naples
I went last night for the first time even though my parents go here quite often. It was not what I expected, but a definite upgrade considering it used to be La Bamba. We were seated immediately even though it was fairly busy. They have happy hour from 4-6:30 and we had just made it. We had the clam flatbread for an appetizer which was good, a little sparse on the clams and it was more like a pizza than a flatbread. I also got the chili which was one of the soups of the day and my sister had the lentil soup, both were majorly lacking salt. For dinner we had the ceviche tacos, lamb shank, Kung-pao avocado, and the gulf shrimp linguine. We were all satisfied with our meals. When our server asked us about the overall experience, we mentioned that the soup had been bland (just to give them some constructive criticism) and they comped both soups which was really nice because I had not expected them to do that.
We had our first dinner this past saturday evening.  It was not busy as it is not yet in season.  We met another couple.  Two of us had the special of seafood that was grouper with avocado and tomato glaze.  It was perfectly seared, cooked and prepared.  The sauce accompanied it very nicely.  It was served with sides of choice and of the three selections, squash-potatoes-water cress, my friend and I had all three and they were equally well prepared.  Our spouses had the clam pasta and both thought it was excellently prepared and would have it again.  They served an appetizer of sliced fresh vegetables with white bean hummus that was served with a little olive oil and was great.  They have a nice wine and beer selection as well.  This is a wonderful addition to the Naples dining and it is a pleasure to have all the healthy options, organic and from farm/seafood/garden to table.  Very high quality in their ingredients, food preparation/presentation, and their service.  The restaurant is also very beautifully appointed and a nice atmosphere for a date or get together with family/friends.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
Amazing!!! So fresh, interesting ingredients, wonderful combinations, an overall impressive experience. A must go in Naples!
The best,freshest most delicious food I've had in a very long time.  The service was superb.  John and jake were outstanding.  The wine selection was one of the best I've ever seen.  Nothing in town compares with this place. Very authentic. Finally fresh,healthy and organic.
This is the best meal we have had in Naples--fresh, inventive, delicious. The salads were perfectly dressed and all the dishes excellent.
I have been 3 times in past month and plan to go again soon! Love the food!!  Local grown and fresh!   Had the special fresco drink of day, caesar flatbread and lentil soup!  Chef makes healthy food/ vegetarian delicious!
Our second time here this week liked it so much came back to try the 2 sandwiches they were out of. The Cuban and the Kibbie Burger. The Kale salad is awesome as well as the red red lentil soup. The food is very fresh and the service nice and friendly also informed. I would love it if they were near us in Michigan. Habit forming!
We stopped in for a late night bite. We had a fantastic meal here! Our waiter was fantastic great knowledge of the menu. We had the veggie option of kung pao. Very tasty good variety of veggies. Salad options were fresh and right on with flavor. Heirloom tomatoes were to die for. The curry clams were very tasty with the right amount of spice. The beer selection was really refreshing. This place is going to have a great future. It is hard to find a place that uses organic and is buys local. As for the cost it is right in line with organic foods. Would recommend this to anone looking for good qualiy restaurant.
Over rated & overpriced with awful service :( I really wanted to like this place but didn't at all!  Our server couldn't explain anything on the menu. It was 4:15 on Saturday and I couldn't order the Watermelon Gazpacho because it was the dinner soup - yet the people seated 15 min after us ordered it bc it was then dinner time. WTF?  I ordered a sandwich on glutenfree bread which I found out 10 min later they were out of, so I had to order something else. The fish tacos I ended up with were bland with no spice whatsoever and no salsa to be found. The large size quinoa salad was as big as the side salad that came with the fish tacos - an extremely small serving for $12. The $12 kids meal was 4 medium-sized grilled shrimp with 3 pieces of roasted potato and 5 bite-sized pieces of carrot.  My kids were done eating before I even got any food. Everything was fresh and the building was very nice but I won't be back.
We had the ceviche tacos and the grouper special. The food was very tasty and the presentation was beautiful. The waitress was a true delight and we were very satisfied with our meal until we realized the price of the grouper was $32. The piece was 3 ounces or less. It was extremely overpriced, I have had grouper twice the size at the same price in Naples.   We called the manager after we got home and shared our unhappiness over the pricing. She explained the price represented the finest quality grouper. Lo and behold it is highly likely that we would go back to the restaurant since you can have the same quality , twice the size at a dozen restaurants in Naples .
Finally one MAJOR score for the foodies! Naples is inundated with high quality and presentation driven cuisine. Naples is over saturated with over complicated, uninspired, and many times tasteless cuisine. Now enter this hidden gem "The Local". I had been to a few farm to table restaurants in my travels (mostly in California's wine country). Let me tell you once you have a true farm to table dining experience it can make you a bit of a food snob. And given that we (my foodie girlfriend and I) were more then blown away once we saw that "The Local" was a true farm to table concept. We arrived on a Saturday evening around 7PM and were greeted immediately, quickly sat, and served organic fresh vegetables with white bean purée (all this happened in less than two minutes). The menu was like something out of your wildest dreams; top notch produce, locally caught seafood, grass fed beef, gluten free options (a lot of gluten free options), vegan options, an amazing wine list, craft beer, and much more you will have to see when you choose to dine at this hidden gem of a restaurant. My girlfriend even mentioned how it didn't feel like we were inside of a strip mall be cause the decor and floor plan was so brilliantly constructed. On to the food! We shared a cup of Red Lentil soup which was flavorful and left room for the salt & pepper.   She ordered an appetizer as an entree the Snapper Ceviche Tacos and I ordered our waiter John's recommendation of the Pot Roast. Our food came out in a very reasonable time and with very nice presentation. One bite of my dish and BOOM I had found the source of the most amazing food I have ever tasted anywhere in Southwest Florida. We asked for hot sauce and to our surprise they have sauce made fresh in house. They even had a mild, medium, and hot version. The gentleman who brought us the hot sauce (I believe his name was Jeff) was surprisingly knowledgable on the ingredients of the hot sauce, and let me tell you the hot sauce was like putting unicorn tears on an already amazing dish. This place is absolute dynamite! John our server was knowledgable, attentive, and sincere. The entire dining experience was intimate. The music isn't too loud. The seating is comfortable. The food is out of this world. The wine was well thought and eclectic. And it's local (pun intended). I feel lucky I stopped in to this place and highly recommend that you do to. Enjoy!
By far the best dining experience in Naples, FL. Try the ceviche tacos, the grouper was out of this world, pair it with Honig Sov Blanc - heaven! The service was very personable and accommodating. Did I mention that this us a FARM to TABLE restaurant?
Love the actual restaurant, charming and the service was great! Aside from that- small portions, over priced and kind of plain and bland..... I really wanted to love it! They do have vegan, vegetarian and gluten free menu options and desserts, which is a positive point..... Immaculately clean and well done, but I doubt if we would go back.
Checked it out with 3 friends for lunch. Interesting food, fresh and creative. Service was a little slow. But all of our dishes tasted good. I have a squash and ginger soup that I probably wouldn't order again. We would go back.
Excellent lunch spot!! The interior is charming and posh, it reminded me of a trendy cafe in New England . I almost felt the dining room area was too big for the small, intimate feel of the place.   I had the fish tacos, which were superbly fresh and tasty!  Amelia was our server and she was friendly, thorough and fast! I can't wait to go back!  It's on the pricier side, but the quality and originality of the menu items make it well worth it.
Stopped in here for lunch on a recent trip to Naples. Wow!! I loved the atmosphere. Our server was friendly and attentive. The use of locally sourced foods is what originally attracted us to the spot.  I had a virgin Bloody Mary and it was delicious! I also had the roast beef sandwich, and it was DELICIOUS!! We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Naples.
Delicious! I had the special: pan seared grouper, tarragon mashed potatoes and the farm plate. Ordered for takeout but sat in the restaurant while it was being prepared- service was great. I had the white bean mash with veggies as I waited. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I will definitely be back :-)
Absolutely delicious!! In town for a conference, found it by a review in Florida Trend Magazine. Exceeded our expectations!! Excellent service, amazing food! We had the veggie plate appetizer, lamb stroganoff and pan-seared snapper! Love that it was from local farms! Worth the trip!
You know how sometimes you want to go out with friends for dinner and someone is vegan and someone else is vegetarian and then there are omnivores, and it's almost impossible to please everyone, so you all have dinner at someplace that is perfect in that it displeases everyone equally?  Have I got a solution for you!  The Local serves everyone and does it with such quality and diversity that the whole group is delighted.  We experienced that last night. On top of catering to the foodie needs of all, this attractive place is firmly in the locavore camp and the local ingredients are printed in bold on the menu/  Specials change as the available ingredients change.  I'm an omnivore with no celiac disorder so gluten free means nothing to me, but many dishes are offered gluten free or not.  So let's get to the goodies. No bread when you sit down.  Instead you are given veggies and a plate of white bean dip.  Very tasty.  My grass fed, drug free filet mignon was perfect.  Grass fed beef trades some tenderness for a whole bunch of flavor, well worth it.  As for antibiotics and hormones, any drugs I want I'll take myself thank you.  The broccoli side dish was crispy and delicious and the Asian style spinach had a little bite to it that enriched the experience.  the whole thing was from local farms.  The pan seared snapper with lemon and parsley was flavorful.  The sweet potato pancake was fresh and well prepared.  Our third party is a vegan so she hit the vegan side having the sweet potato pancakes and Asian style spinach side dishes as her dinner, although she was tempted by the vegan specials.  She just doesn't eat much, making her a cheap date, and she took home leftover spinach. The portions are human, and the prices are reasonable.  The three of us dined in style for just over $100.  Thanks to the high quality and constantly changing menu, you could go back to The Local over and over, and I think we will.
My mom and I here went one night to take advantage of their dining special (I believe it was an appetizer, main, and dessert for $20). I can't recall which salad I had; it was one with mixed greens and perhaps crumbly cheese and a nice dressing. I chose the pierogies for my main and oh my goodness...they practically melted in my mouth. The dough was light and delicate, and the filling was smooth. The pierogies had a lovely rich buttery taste and texture, but no heaviness. For dessert, it was your pick of a 'shooter' - I think I got a key lime, and it was just the right amount of zesty tartness. My mom got one of the fish dishes, and the fish was well-cooked and accompanied by sautéed vegetables. I will go back for the pierogies.
Reading these reviews, something makes me think we hit The Local on a bad night or these reviews shared an exceptionally rare "good meal" here.  First, let me say that I am giving The Local two stars for the food, not the service.  The service was suburb (which earns both of the stars); the food on the other hand was amateur at best.   The bean dip to start had absolutely no flavor- it tasted like chalk paste.   I had the snapper ceviche tacos and capellini with clams.  The ceviche tacos had less than an ounce of snapper, yet an entire avocado in them.  I spent $14 on an avocado, shredded lettuce, and four corn tortillas.  I can do better at Publix.  These tacos had no taste- none.  I found one clover of cilantro on one taco.  Next, the  capellini with clams- I received mushy pasta (clearly overcooked) with about 6 clams.  This also had no taste, but cost $23.  The rest of the people I was with had the same opinion about their meals- tasteless, unseasoned, and boring.  We all appreciate the "local, farm-to-table" concept of The Local, but wow was this place disappointing. To be honest, I cannot comprehend how The Local has such a high rating... this was easily the worst meal I've had in a year.  I live in DC most of the year and I'm used to paying high prices, but usually high prices mean good food.  Unfortunately such an expectation was not met at The Local.
We drove a few miles off Alligator Alley to grab lunch and happened upon The Local. Great food! We had roast beef sandwiches, kale chips, kale salads and the kids had Mac and Cheese. All delicious.
Happy to find a place with local food and drink, but there is room for improvement. Pros: Great food, a variety of choices for vegetarians and omnivores alike, gluten free options, nice decor. Cons: Cramped table space when crowded, and very noisy! Somewhat expensive considering the portion sizes. Lunch service took a really long time, even though there were only a few tables filled in the place.
Probably my favorite place in Naples, not in a very visually appealing spot, but 100% worth it. I've been here several times and absolutely loved everything I have tried. The chicken salad w line and feta is one of my favorites. They have amazing gluten free sweets, and the little shot glasses of chocolate and peanut butter mousse are heavenly. The staff is always wonderful, and I haven't had a bad time there yet, in all the times I've been. I definitely recommend this place as a must try!!!
Way to expensive, cmon now if the produce is "local" then it should actually be cheaper (less traveling, packaging etc.)  hence the reason for farmers markets...now how you can charge 24$ for rice, a few onions and peppers and an avocado crusted with panco is ridiculous....oh yes, the water brought to the table is tap water? Really??? You couldn't even install a filter if you plan on charging 18$ for a plate of chickpeas and some greens Its a shame the food was delicious but no one wants to be robbed in the name of "organic and eco friendly"
Most gluten free choices bar none! Great food, healthy food and clean friendly spot. Fish portions can be small for lunch but other than that can't find fault.
I wondered last time if steady improvement would come to a great idea with execution that left all of us hungry. I am thrilled that our recent dining experiences show marked improvement. The daily dinner vegan special was wonderfully vibrant; the nutty grain and quinoa stuffing was to die for. It was stuffed in squash halves that remind me what the fall harvest is all about. My wife asked for a grilled veggie plate that was a unique presentation of fresh greens, seasonal veggies and assorted onion varieties. The service was excellent, personal, warm and caring, without being obtrusive. Why no 5 star?  I will wait until I have a lot more nights like this, but I am planning on it.
Quite possibly the best restaurant in Naples! The Local changes their menu specials and ingredients on a daily basis. Every single one of the dishes I have tried has been amazing--from the ceviche tacos, to the avocado kung pow dish, to the Pork Ragu Gnocchi (literally melts in your mouth!) you just cannot go wrong! The desserts are made fresh daily and are absolutely decadent. If you're a foodie that is sick and tired of the same chain restaurants, then this place is for you.
Great little restaurant. We had a delicious, enjoyable meal.   Everything is fresh, light, and tasty. Love that almost all the produce is organically grown in the Naples area and menu is locally sourced. Have already recommended this restaurant to friends and family!
I'm curious why everyone is so in love with this place. Makes me very curious about the authors of the reviews. 1) make sure to ask what "market value" is. Holy expensive!!! I think one of the ladies in our group had grouper at market value and it was awful. I had a bite of it and it was defiantly no better than a sports bar. 2) the pasta one of my friends ordered with shrimp had four shrimp in it. If you put four huge shrimp that are nice and fresh , that's great but there were 4-6 mid size Publix quality shrimp in the pasta. That's no good. 3) the food took 44 minutes to come out. After 15 minutes waiting my friend started a timer on his phone. We ordered another bottle of wine and still had fun but what if we were a difficult group? 44 minutes? That's a bit much. The music and other noise wasn't bad so you could actually chill and enjoy a conversation which was nice. The upsides 1) the servers were awesome. Super nice. The granola hostess made every effort to make sure everyone in the restaurant was ok, poured more water as needed, servers and staff working as a team. 2) the layout is good. The decor is pretty cool. Great location right at pine ridge and airport. 3) depending if you're a pervert or not, you can see directly into the women's bathroom through the clear door that leads the guest into the bathroom area. 4) the bathrooms themselves are really nice. Very nicely done. Super classy. Clean. 5) the fixtures and decor was clearly thought about --- if you go in--- look up! It's cool. The remodeling is the coolest thing about this place. I love the fact that's is locally owned and run---- I can't stand chain or corporate restaurants. Bottom line -- to quote one of the women I was with that night there (everyone was scared to offend the guy that paid for our whole party by saying it was awful) she finally said it in the car, "I would have rather forced 6 blooming onions from Outback Steakhouse down my throat than attempt to choke down any of that "local" food again and it would have been the same price!" Classic
Just the idea of fresh food first is what its all about...run dont walk there...im coming back tomorrow. .....julian....bravo.....Bellissimo
Went to The Local with my husband for lunch.  It was delicious!  My favorite was the Garden Flatbread which we shared.  I had the Veggie Sandwich and my husband had the Cuban Sandwich and we loved them both as well.  The restaurant is also beautiful.  It was a great experience all around!
Had my first dinner at The Local and was pleasantly surprised to find this type of restaurant in Naples.  Farm to table is popular up north and in large cities but isn't as prominent here in southwest florida.   My wife and I tried the Asian salad, garden pizza and the gnocchi with a pork ragu.  All dishes were proper and well seasoned.  The stand out was the garden pizza.  Lights out.  Very flavorful pesto and we liked hearing about the locally sourced produce that were the topping.  Outstanding thin crust as well. Pork dish was fantastic as well. Best feature was the house made ricotta cheese.  I'm not aware of many restaurants that are doing that.   Service was attentive and our server seemed very interested in sharing info on the ingredients.  Wine list was great. Fair prices and a wide variety.  I had Albarinho, apparently related to Albariño, for the first time. Fantastic wine for eight bucks... We liked just about everything about this place.  Great food, friendly service, music and decor were inviting. We will be back...
LOVE this place!  The pork ragu and kale salads are the best.  It is a great atmosphere and the service is excellent! We had this one girl Jacqueline- she was so sweet and funny and couldn't do enough for us.  We have been back several times and The Local has been added to our "list" of places to go. HIGHLY recommend.
Found this place on my to Tampa!! Small and super cute! Staff was friendly and the food was amazing! All organic veggies and meats. I ate the turkey quinoa burger , amazing!! Great place, wish there were more places like this that use organic local greens.
Quality food and very friendly service; I'm a fan. I had a lamb burger and a red lentil soup--both delicious. Even the greens served on the side had a yummy vinaigrette. I'll be back when in town!
The front of the house manager, Jacqueline was our server. She was knowledgable attentive and gave great recommendations. Everything was super fresh and delicious. Loved the grouper cheeks they brought out to the table for us to try. We also had the snapper ceviche tacos as an appetizer. They were the best thing I've eaten in southwest Florida. Flatbreads were awesome and the bread pudding is a must. So happy we found The Local.
I enjoy restaurants all over the country, and was absolutely thrilled to find The Local in a mall setting here in Naples.  We had my birthday dinner there last night and it was a pure delight!  The server recommended the heirloom carrots as a veg option, and indeed I've never had better carrots in my life.  I had "by-catch" swordfish, but was so distracted by how yummy the carrots and bok choy were that I the fish almost became a bonus.  The co-owner, Jeff, also spent time with us explaining their creations and philosophy.  This restaurant is a true gem, and is obviously the loving vision of chefs committed to eating sustainably and locally.  Fabulous!
The food is always excellent at the Local restaurant service is good but the female owner that seats people isn't very nice. Always looks like she wants to chew your head off.  As an owner she should realize that customer service and kindness is everything to a business.
Best crab cakes in town, shame they are only a special. I would come back for these. I'll have to add this place to my rotation of few regular quality lunch spots in Naples.
Stopped in for lunch on our way out of town. I wish we would have stopped in another time so we could have tried more items on the menu. Everything was fresh and I really like that they are using local ingredients which are highlighted on the menu. We had a burger (grass fed beef) with a gluten free bun, fish tacos and a snapper sandwich which they serve with a great salad that's perfectly dressed. The house made hot sauce was excellent as well. Fantastic spot. I'll definitely be coming back when I'm in town next.
Really fresh food. I like that so many of the menu options can be made gluten free, which is hard to come by in Florida. Love the veggie flatbread and the turkey quinoa burger. Make sure to try the pickles!!
One star because the portions were tiny. I eat a gluten free diet, so was looking specifically for a local restaurant that was gluten free. The atmosphere was cool, and food presentation beautiful, and everything tasted delicious. However, it was overpriced, and the quantity of food actually left us picking up take out on the way back to the hotel (after paying a large bill) because we were still so hungry. To quote my dad "the portions were freaking me out! I kept thinking 'are you kidding?'" We are generally not the sort to leave bad reviews, but genuinely wanted to warn people about the portion sizes.
Ate at the Local last week because of all the good reviews.  Very disappointed,  Pricey, small servings and after looking around the room and noticing no one had bread or crackers I asked if they served it.  I was told bread was served on special request!  We ordered some and were given 2 small "donut holes".  It was truly rediculous.  Needless to say we will not be going back. "
Came for lunch. Very busy. Service was a little slow but the food was delicious. A bit pricey for lunch but well worth the price. I had the roast beef sandwich which was very  big and tasty. The side salad was excellent as well but after awhile the vinegar overwhelmed. Pickled green beans were better for decoration. The specials are supposed to be excellent and really there were no complaints except the double beef hamburger was small. Highly recommend eating here.
This place is expensive but it is good. Great, contemporary, creative and sorta locally sourced food in Naples is gonna be expensive. But if you want to go outside of your comfort zone I would give this place a shot. Try the super food salad, its so different an so good. Good steaks as well.
This place is great, we will definitely be back.  My two-year old loved it, surprisingly kid friendly.  Interesting dishes with fresh ingredients.  We found this place because I was looking for a place with vegan / vegetarian dishes for a visiting friend.  He was happy and us meat eaters were happy too.  Reasonably priced for the quality of the food.
I frequently travel for business and the Local was exactly what I look for in a restaurant. First, Farm to Table places can't be beat. Second, the staff was very professional and the service was outstanding. Third, and most importantly  the food was exceptional, my taste buds were practically doing somersaults. If you can, ask for Jacqueline, she was really friendly and took great care of us! Next time I'm in town I'm heading straight to the Local!
Been twice and very happy both times. They don't serve the same thing a every other place in town. Staff was  great. Will go back.
I tried The Local Naples for the first time a couple of days ago and really enjoyed it!  The food was healthy, fresh and so tasty!  They also have a great happy hour!
My husband and I met friends for dinner. The first time for all of us. Three of us ordered the pasta and local vegetables. Bland and tasteless. One ordered a pork dish, which had a tremendous amount of fat. Very expensive for what you received and if local ingredients are used, it should be cheaper. Will not go back
My fiancée got takeout for my birthday.  BEST TAKEOUT EVER!  I would have been happy to eat it at the restaurant in the containers.  Pork shoulder with sweet potato patties, greens, and an Asian salad.  Seriously awesome!  I have eaten there several times and can't wait to go back.  Not your boring standard fare - awesome fresh food!  Crushes most places!!!
This is the exact type of restaurant that the Naples area needs more of!! Wonderful local spot, nice atmosphere, fresh local ingredients, excellent chef.  this is very rare in this area that is filled with chain restaurants and even the local restaurants are so mediocre. As you can tell,  We really loved it!! One star off only because waitress needs more training, she was very sweet but forgot many things! We went for lunch,  had a delicious spinach/kale salad , my husband had the calm flatbread and a delicious fish chowder. He also had an outstanding piece of homemade cake. The ingredients really shine here. I hope they open another location north soon, we drove 30 mins but it was worth it. Very friendly staff.
It's a nice looking place but their tomato, mozzarella, basil flatbread is like a pizza with white patches of melted cheese and scarce patches of chopped basil...very dissapointing. Two stars for an appealing interior.
If we lived in Naples we would eat at the Local every day.  This place is a 10 in every category!  Every ingredient is locally grown and as fresh as it gets, every employee is super nice and welcoming, and the Chef is amazing.  The Kale ceasar, the roast beef sandwich, Pork Ragu, Snapper, Grouper Cheeks, and Pork Rillettes, were some of our favorites, but the list is endless - healthy and delicious, not to mention the wine and beer list are outstanding.  We were in Naples two weeks and ate here 8 times, tried almost everything on the menu and one item was better than the next.  This place has it figured out!  You should introduce yourself to Chef Rich, Jacqueline the manager or Jeff the owner, they are passionate about this restaurant and delivering an exceptional experience.  I am not one to give credit unless it is deserved and this place has earned every bit of it.  The Local is our favorite restaurant and we can't wait to get back there.
LOVE this place!  I've been back several times since my first visit and it's consistently good with excellent service!   For lunch try the In-House Smoked Turkey & Brie sandwich, or Clam-Manchego flatbread.  For dinner try the Kung-Pow Avocado or Roasted Pork Ragu.  The Lentil soup is also one of my favorites, anytime of day!
A great new find!  Real nice decor, great service and great vegetarian items on the menu.  Not a large menu but plenty of items to try!  The restaurant focus on fresh, local and healthy menu items.
Solid place. The self serve soda machine seems to be a bit disconnected from an otherwise beautiful restaurant. Kinda gives it a Burger King feel. Aside from that, great place. I have made a mistake. I have not eaten at this restaurant. I'm sure the local is a fine place. I must have accidentally selected this place meaning to select another (which I will courteously not name). Good luck The Local. My apologies.
Quality, locally-sourced food, slightly more expensive than other places, but well worth it. I visit Naples once a year and was happy to hear about this place from a friend. Their flatbreads are no joke - think thin, medium-sized pizzas rather than six inches of flatbread. I had a delicious fish chowder for an appetizer and my friend had a salad. All in all, a very good meal in the afternoon when it wasn't too busy. Will definitely return in the future.
