I'm not sure why this place has such poor reviews. Though I have never played in the arcade the mini golf is well taken care of and relaxing. Not very challenging. 3 different 18 hole courses. The staff is very helpful.
I went here to play mini-golf and was less than impressed.  The courses were run down and with no variety. I mean if you are going to open a place strictly for mini-golf wouldn't you put some thought into the courses? Nonetheless we played.  There are a few choices of 18 hole courses to go through but simply put: they were boring.  I won't likely come back unless to use the bogo I have from a WNY coupon book.  Skip this location and go to another spot!
Adventure Landing is a mini golf and arcade combo that also serves typical fare; nachos, Slush Puppies, soft pretzels, etc. Even though I am 29, it's totally a place I could see myself having nostalgic fun for a summer evening with my boyfriend. First we played mini golf which was fun despite me horribly losing. The two stars are 100% for the mini golf part of it. The whole night was basically ruined by the "arcade". After playing golf we decided to play some games, got 60 tokens for $10 and went to play some shooting games, driving games, skeet ball, and so on. The problem was, with the exception of TWO two-player games (one of which we did play and BOTH guns were broken and we wound up just putting the guns down and stopping since it was too frustrating to play with guns that don't go anywhere near where you point them, and you can't even shoot one half of the screen) at least one half of the two-player games were out of order. skeet ball didn't pay out any tickets, and more than half the one-player games were totally broken with "out of order" signs plastered everywhere you look. It was just not worth it. We wound up cutting out early and dumping the rest of our tokens, after we informed the guy working that the $3 photo booth didn't give us our photograph (it was stuck... I got the impression it was something that happened frequently). If you go to Adventure Landing make sure to stick with the mini golf because the arcade is just a broken mess of games.
