The salmon was delish!  As was the pork dish that my father ordered.  The wine selection is good, not as extensive as I would have hoped for a wine bar but hey, they can't carry them all! I'll be back when I'm in town again.
The Ft. Meyers News Press reports on January 6, 2011 that The Grape in Estero does not give you back your change when you pay your bill.  The bill is rounded up to the next dollar, .... Not rounded down or up, but rounded up!!!!.  This in my mind is a sharp business practice.  See: news-press.com/article/2… for the information on The Grape.  Boo, hiss, a glass of vinegar and sour grapes to the manager or owner.
Fine, unintended perk:  See the sunset, and all the pink & blue back lighting immediately after sunset from the patio.  Yes, the patio faces both west and directly on to the parking lot. But, more than often in Life (and at restaurants too),  It pays to keep your head up and see what's above it all. Tuesday's promo was for three wine tastings and three cheeses for $15.  But instead, we had sandwiches.  Mine was a blackened grouper with fresh aoili and side salad of mixed greens in vinaigrette.  My daughter had a chicken sandwich on fresh focaccia.  Both enjoyable. Three types of bottled iced tea is offered.  I chose off the wine list and had a glass of CA Round Rock malbec.   This is the first time that I've noticed a wine list priced by the glass, bottle and get this:  by Half Glass (!).  I'm accustomed to demi-bouteille, but half a glass?  Ha!  The trending of local taste never ceases to amaze. Paul was a superb waiter.  Never had to write anything down, and was timely on all service.  He's so endearing that you might be tempted to jump up and kiss him on both cheeks when he asks if you want sugar with your coffee.
Fantastic! Am I in Estero? The caprese appetizer & wedge salad with grilled shrimp entree is delicious! Fantastic staff & management! Great place for a date, night out with girlfriends, small gathering, or nice dinner out with friends or family! Phenomenal food & wine selection.
Not a big fan of this chain because their wine selections tend to be a bit bogus - lots of selections that are "territorial" i.e. only packaged for the chain - kind of like what Total Wines does with lots of their "favorites". But the tapas style food is not bad and the atmosphere is quite good. I just have a hard time overlooking the fact that I'm paying too much for less than stellar wine more often than not.
It's been a while since I have gone to Grape, and in that time, it's changed a bit. My wife and I were there for lunch, seated outside (yay, first cool day of the season, when you can eat outside and not sweat to death!), and we enjoyed the food, but I've got to say that the wine selection left me a little colder than it has in the past. On the plus side, they've gotten rid of the weird grape-rating system for the lunch wine list, which is good (it was a really strange way of arranging a list, IMO, and it didn't work well unless you know wine), and the selections are still enjoyable, if a little less offbeat than I generally like (and, in fairness, I wear the label "wine geek" proudly, so what's "less offbeat than I generally like," can be another person's "adventurous and a chance to explore," so take that with a grain of salt). But, they've gotten rid of wine flights, from what I've seen; there's only a price for half-glass, glass, and bottle listed! Where did the chance to explore and taste a couple wines go to? Boo. Additionally, while seated, I noted that the two other tables near us were both delivered incorrect wines by the waiter/manager. In one case, it was a pinot blanc delivered to the customer instead of a pinot noir; not even the right color of wine! Uhh... you're a wine bar, you can't manage to get the wine orders right? That being said, the food was tasty; I ordered the sirloin sandwich (when the waiter asked how I wanted it, rare) and salad, no tomato, while my wife had the fried green tomato salad with chicken. Alas, my salad? It had tomatoes. My sandwich? Well-done. It was tasty, but not entirely what I'd ordered. Yeah, service problems there too. Even worse, our waiter was the manager, and he indicated that he'd been there since the place had opened when another table asked about the restaurant concept (before he delivered them the wrong wine, naturally). So he was an EXPERIENCED manager; if the kitchen doesn't do rare, don't ask how I want my steak, right? All in all, I'm less than impressed. It was a decent meal, but not a $40+ one.
Came here on a saturday and was definitely impressed with service and food.  It was cloudy afternoon but decided to come here anyways for late lunch.  My husband and i had the brie for appetizer and it was delicious.  Then we shared the the chicken salad sandwich which was really good.  Service was great. I will definitely come back next time im in the area.
What a fun place!  LOTS of wines by the bottle, glass, or small taste with intriguing munchies to go-with like baked brie with mango and raspberry sauce, pita pizza with a blue cheese and prosciutto topping, etc. and changing dinner menu specials.  Music nightly except Monday, i.e. singer-guitarist.  And dark chocolate fondue is one of the dessert offerings served with lots of fresh fruit, angel food cake, smores, blondies, etc.  Inside and outside eating.  I think the other customers enjoyed the four of us kicking our legs like a  Rockette chorus line as we walked by the singer crooning "New York, New York".  At least they didn't boo us.   Maybe too much wine-tasting?
A great place to simply stay outside (or inside if it's raining, or if a game is on) and get a glass of wine. The wine selections here are great. I've had a few different appetizers but have yet to try the food here. Overall, this is an awesome place to meet up with a friend. It IS pricey, no doubt. The wait staff here is great - they will never forget you or hesitate to check on you. Seems like every time I go here, there's a live singer/musician.
We dined at The Grape last night and had a wonderful experience.  The restaurant was not crowded.  We had a choice of dining inside or out.  The doors in the bar and restaurant open to the patio. Shortly after we were seated, a small band began to play, and the atmosphere was upbeat and relaxing.  The band  was inside the restaurant, but the doors were open and they were facing the patio, where most of the customers were seated.   The wine selection was very good and included a lot of wines that I haven't seen in restaurants before.  The wines we chose were all very good. We started with the baked brie, which was recommended by the waiter.  It was a great choice.  I had the Filet for the main course.  It came with roasted potatoes, onion rings and blue cheese sauce.  The steak was cooked to perfection and was extremely flavorful and tender.  One of the specials was Jamaican Jerk shrimp, which my Mom ordered.  She said it was fabulous.  My daugher ordered the salmon and was also very pleased.  For dessert, we shared the brownie a la mode. The waiter was also great.  He was helpful and attentive, but not hovering over us.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.   This would also be great place to go if you just want to have a glass of wine with a cheese plate.
I found this place to have  an especially great happy hour special. The prices are fantastic and the appetizers are all really good. I believe last time we did artichokes, and muscles and plenty of wine and left for just around 25 dollars total! I couldn't believe what a great deal it was and look forward to going back.
Food Good, service not so much. Under staffed, server was unattentive, we never got bread or refills of wine or anything for that matter. We were inside and the server made us feel unimportant since we were inside.
Get the cheese platter! (BTW: They are changing their name to South Fork)
Very unimpressive food, taste like something chicken right out of the frozen chicken breast bag from Sam's! Certainly not worth the price.
Here on mini vacation and visited the Grape. Love wine bars and cheese plates in DC area where I live. This place was ehh okay! Not bad but not great. Cheese portions small. Just didn't find the atmosphere great and too bad sitting outside means sitting in mall parking lot.
Food is light and very good quality. Live music and huge wine and tea selection. If you appreciate European dining, you will love this place.
Went to this restaurant with my parents this afternoon while on a visit to Estero. Upon arrival the waitress (who was also the hostess) seemed dismayed at our choice to sit outside. We were served beverages quickly, yet they were never refilled. I ordered the mediterranean cappelini, which did contain lots of capers, sundried tomatoes and artichokes, but had no sauce to speak of, yet a sort of wet texture. My mother got the Buffalo Chicken wrap, and my father the crab cake sandwich, both of which were on special, and neither had any real complaints.My mother requested ranch, and was told they didn't have any, despite the fact that there was some on her wrap. There was one other server working at the time, yet it took at least 15 minutes after we had finished to receive our check. We walked back by the restaurant after doing some shopping in the area, and the table still hadn't been bussed.
