Its Pub food! And its pretty good! The fish tacos are the best. Sit at the bar! Stephen will take good care of you. And if you go Thursday - Saturday you can enjoy Andy the harp guitarist! Best entertainment around!
This place was fine for lunch.  Decent food selection, reasonably priced, and we got to sit outside. Tables are stocked with a jar of fresh pickles for noshing.  As a pregnant lady who was really hungry when we sat down, I appreciated this more than I probalby normally would (or perhaps, should). Had the fish sandwhich. Fish was grilled nicely and they accommodated my request for lots of lemon wedges and lettuce and tomato.  Tablemates were pleased with their lunches - an assortment of salads and wraps. Service was friendly, and sitting outside on the water is probably worth at least a star by itself. I'd come back here for lunch for sure.
The village pub was a pretty solid dining experience. I went for lunch and had the jalapeño chedder burger, delicious. Other foods that I saw or tasted seemed very good as well. Everything is very reasonably priced. Location is good as it's on the water. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because of the customer service. The food came out pretty quickly however my server was very inattentive when it came to condiment levels and especially filling up water glasses. In addition, the staff had some loud, rather inappropriate conversations amongst each other which was a little odd. They were talking about how one of them might go back to prison, and they were talking badly about a couple groups of customers.
Great waterside dining and fresh jars of pickles on table make you feel right at home. Friendly staff. Great prices. Watched the dolphins from our table pass through the bay. It's worth a lunch. Great salads.
Scruffy guy with the beard doesn't respect military personnel. I arrived on Sunday with a small service animal (I'm a veteran suffering from PTSD) and the animal has a service animal badge and paperwork.  Even after showing the hostess the badge and her seating us on the patio, the guy with the reddish beard came out to chastise me further saying he DOESNT HAVE TO ACCEPT THE BADGE.  And in a really snarky tone said "Yeah, I know what that is".   What a jerk. I'll never return to this place...and if I wasn't with my wife, father in law, and realtor, I would have left right that instant as this guy was being so antagonistic. Someone should fire this guy.  Or at least inform him that its against the Americans with Disabilities Act to refuse or hassle a disabled person. Just because I can still walk and talk like a normal person doesn't mean I didn't serve my time in fucking Afghanistan. (the second star is because the food was decent.)
Food ok, but I agree that the hostess was one of the rudest people you'll meet. She was visibly annoyed that we didn't want to stay at a breezy inside table under a blasting AC vent...
The Village Pub likely would have received 3 to 4 stars, had the Hostess at lunch today not been the rudest, inflexible, most unaccomodating person I have encountered in a very long time. She snapped her answers at us about seating availability, and when we pushed her further actually said "Are you always this annoying?" we were totally shocked by this. At that moment, a younger wait staff member, seemingly unaware of our situation with this worthless-excuse for a hosetsss, told us our table was ready - the hostess seemed infuriated by this, but could do little about it. The food and atmosphere was good enough, but I can't even imagine why this place would have someone (I use that term lightly) like this smug, persnickity, pretentious and horrible woman minding their afternoon lunch service - or even associated with their restaurant.
Went last night for dinner. First off any place that has good onion rings will be a solid restaurant. But we'll get to that later. We (my fiancé and I) went around 8:30 and got seated outside. Right off the bat you see the homes on the bay then this green flow from the water. It's under lighting showing attention to a ton of fish who go wild when you cut up a pickle and toss it in (they encourage it) so that's cool makes it some what interactive lol. But we order onion rings as an app and they were dang good, not the best, but good! I heard they had the best Cuban sandwich in town so I ordered that while she got the Philly cheesesteak with a side of pasta salad. Now my Cuban was very good! So far the best I've had in town, nice juicy pork and a really good bread not too stiff but not soggy. She loved the side of pasta salad and enjoyed the Philly very much. She liked how the pasta salad was just perfectly dressed in terms of you guess it, dressing. Overall it gets a 4/5 because it's a very reccomend able place and I will certainly be back! Btw the inside is small and quaint but done well with a maritime theme but not overdone.
Came for dinner on a saturday night. Walked right in and got seated outside. Service eas good; food was decent. I don't eat fish seafood or pork so my options were very limited. My meal was okay but i think it was a pepackaged, frozen meal. The view was beautiful and saw an eagle ray swim by.   Would be good for tourists and familites.
The highlight for my daughter and I was watching the dolphin in the canal. Okay, and back to the food. I ordered the fish and chips. Good, but I've had better. I would have preferred more seasoning in the batter. Service was great, but it was lunchtime on a Tuesday in the middle of the summer... not many people to wait on. The atmosphere is nice, both inside and out. I could see how this would be fabulous during the winter time. I would try it again.
My folks have a retirement place in Naples, very near the Village at Venetian Bay (or whatever the random collection of upscale shops and restaurants is called). I like the Village Pub, because it seems to be an actual "normal" place where a guy can grab a beer and a bite to eat. The location is quite nice, with outdoor seating along the canal. There is also limited indoor seating, and the bar is centered in the restaurant, with generous amounts of seating (probably 12 - 15 bar stools). I have eaten here in years past, and the food has always been decent. Nothing will really blow you away, but they know what they are doing and the stick to what works. The fish and chips and the burgers are the best items, to me. However, I've never really had a bad meal. They only serve beer and wine, so liquor drinkers need to go elsewhere, but with that said, I visited there last night and was pleased to find they had Yuengling on tap. The bartender / servers were pleasant, and although this time of year is "off-season" there were quite a lot of people in the place for a Tuesday night. I chit-chatted with the bartender, server, and a few patrons while I drank a few pints. All in all, an enjoyable evening. I dinged it a bit because they close so early - 9pm. Of course, nothing in Naples, especially off-season, is open very late. Nonetheless, I would have liked to linger a bit longer. I am sure I will be back, this trip and future trips. The fact that I can walk there from my parents' condo is another major reason I frequent this place, but I would drive there as well. The whole collection of shops has generous parking and is quite pleasant to wander through, and if you have an impulse buy moment, you can purchase fine jewelry, expensive watches, or highly-priced garments on the fly!
This is located in the Village on the Venetian Bay. ( La Dee DA). Overall the Village has an upscale feel, however the Pub has a very low key vibe in my opinion. ( very casual and relaxed) The Pub has indoor and outdoor seating. With views that overlook the bay. It's really pretty and somewhat peaceful. The menu is basic, seafood, Land-lovers, salads,  burgers- We ate there on Sunday with my Aunt & Uncle who came over to visit us.  I had the cheeseburger ( very tasty), Husband had Fried Grouper sandwich ( only it's not really Grouper, so it's "Un- grouper"....whatever that is???) He really liked that, Aunt had some seafood salad, which she seemed to enjoy, and My Uncle loved his ribs (**NOTE, he had the ribs & chicken combo, but really disliked the chicken) So the food was fine to good. The views are pretty and relaxing. The server was not very warm or friendly, but just shy of actually being rude. To her credit someone forgot to send out/make/put in/ my Aunt's salad, and it was taken off the bill ( without us asking) and still brought out pretty quickly. Then we did the whole wait 20 mins for our check game. In conclusion- we would totally go back, the menu seems to offer a lot & the  prices seemed very reasonable for the area. I can see us wandering over there for some water views, burgers and drinks.
Great atmosphere. Had a nice sunset dinner and drinks. At night they turn lights on so you can feed the fish
Entertainment on Friday was awesome. Service Was ok. Server did give daughter oyster crackers to feed fish.
Was seated by the hostess and then waited for twenty minutes without any acknowledgement from a waitress. It was a weekday so they weren't particularly busy as an excuse. We left without even getting a water.
His: Request a spot by the water, in the shade. The Cuban sandwich is pretty good. Her: great location on the canal, loved overlooking the water and even saw dolphins while we ate. The service was fine and food was decent. I'd recommend it if you're in the area but don't go out of your way.
Went here twice with my family on a recent trip to Naples.  Food was great.  We got canal seating, which was nice.  (We like to eat outside)  The service was above average, especially considering that both times we went we witnessed awful behavior on the part of other patrons. The kid's dinner was delivered in a frisbee.  I thought that was a nice touch.   If you go with toddlers / younger kids, see if you can bring them in clothing that you don't mind them getting drenched in....  There is a fun fountain at the front that kids love to play in...  (It's near a ben and jerry's that the kids will like too!)
2.5 stars....call me crazy, but I always end up in Florida during what I like to call "Hell season"....aka july-august, or the hottest time of the year. Now, since this is not tourist season, Naples and all it's restaurants are empty....as in maybe 1 other table in the whole place. The Grandmother loves sitting by the water and dining, so off to Venetian Village we went. Village Pub has a huge selection of food, but it's just so so....not bad, but not good. My crab cake had cheese in it and actual brown chunks of bread.....I prefer just crab, no fillers.... The onion rings were eh.....they didn't have my favorite bread crumb crust, but that batter they make fish and chips in....eh....The Grandmother had blackened shrimp, which were excellent, except for the bed of BBQ sauce underneath them....who needs BBQ sauce with blackened shrimp? Our waitress was a doll, so attentive and sweet.....so 2.5 stars...I'm sure I'll be back, but more for the view and the outdoor seating than the food.
We were shopping in the area and decided to stop for dinner.  We sat outside on the canal which was lovely but the live music was going on inside which was kind of a bummer.  My sister and I shared the chicken nachos and bacon cheeseburger.  The nachos were great, the cheeseburger was just ok.  I wish we would have skipped the burger.  My mom had a shrimp and fruit salad.  She thought the shrimp was good but wasn't a fan of the dressing.  Our service was just so-so.
Mediocre food and service at best. I had the wings which were just ok. My friend had a fish sandwich which was pretty dry. Our waitress was barely around. I'd go elsewhere
