What a great place! Excellent food and it is fresh, the best seafood and my hubby says the best wings, I have not found better lunch specials anywhere close to what they offer, the bonus is the staff, they are very friendly and knowledgable. Great place to watch a game and the happy hour specials are like no other, glad we found this place....highly recommended!!!!!
We love this place 50 cent oysters thurs and sunday 50 wings and Peel and eat shrimp daily ... Times vary It's home of one of the naughtiest sandwiches I've ever had ... Rib eye sandwich !! Must try .... On garlic bread !! So delish!!! I love the fried mushrooms However, I'm not a fan of how they charge for condiments !!! Lame . But we still go there all the time ... Not impressed with the fish tacos...
I wasn't sure what to expect since the name change this past summer. Pardon me for calling this place old Larry's many of the original staff are still here along with a menu upgrades and some of the favorite apps are spicy chicken balls, shrimp raw oysters, conch chowder.  Some of the prices went up for drinks slightly.  A few of the regulars went away but a majority are still here. Food: 4 Ambiance: 4 newer sound system for patio bar. Live music and DJ Service: 4 the old signs for seeing the bartender for service are now down. And they offer table side service for food and drinks if not too busy. Location: 5 North Naples plenty of parking nearby. Value: 4. Good happy hour specials and weekly lunch specials.  Get a customer rewards card and earn points. 007/14
The crunchy grouper sandwich was delicious!! You would think living in SWFL it would be easy to get fresh seafood prepared the right way but It's not but Rusty didn't disappoint. I would recommend to anyone looking for a great sandwich in a casual setting. Enjoy!
Nothing special here.  Corporate place wanting to be a mom and pop.  Food wasn't bad but it's just very similar to an Applebee's.  Go somewhere else.
Some of the best seafood in town, always fresh and prepared to order. Great drink prices, super friendly staff. Overall there are really no negatives to this place.
I was here Monday night for there moustache Mondays. You must wear one of there moustaches to take advantage of there specials. It was a lot of fun. Luckily they had pink for girls. The buy one get one free wings was awsome. $3 off pitchers to make them $6. We also had fresh oysters, calamari, cheese fries, and homeade clam chowder. It was all wonderful and a great value!!
Great shrimp, and conch chowder!
Had another wonderful meal at Rusty's tonight. We enjoy the clean atmosphere, friendly service, and what is consistently the best burger in Naples.
