Love that you can sit inside or outside. Food was  very good. Big place. Even have a bar outside and an elevator to transport guests to top floor. I had the calamari. I had chicken liver as a main meal. Made perfectly. Folks with me had Grouper and loved it. Waiter was ok. Seemed a bit uncomfortable serving a table full of people of color. But we got through it. It's in a nice shopping center. So able to browse if you have to wait on a table.
What a great meal. The views of the bay were awesome. Dennis our server was fun yet professional. Can't wait to return.
Great food service was as well. The seafood was fresh and taste. The view is spectacular. The had the snapper you will not be disappointed.
Excellent food, with unique and interesting flavors, in a very pleasant location.  Nice,  reasonably priced wine list.  Service was nicely paced, though a little too relaxed.
Amazing food, exceptional service and extraordinary view. We had a great server that knew her menu and was able to make recommendations. Prices are very reasonable. Make sure to try their Sea Bass or seafood bouillabaisse. Great selection of wines for cheap. Their flourless chocolate cake is amazing. Highly recommend scoop of vanilla ice cream to go with it.
Dined here twice last week. Lovely setting and very open and roomy. Food was terrific and that's what brought us back the second time Pretty expensive but not outrageous. Service both times was adequate but not warm or very attentive Certainly will go back
Yucky - great contender for restaurant impossible.  The happy customers were the ones who were wasted at the bar - nice view for sunset drinks, the rest of us subject to bad food and terrible service. This is the old Naples (of 25-30 years ago) where service was bad (like they forced wait staff to work here - pulling them off their regular jobs), food was overpriced, small portioned, cold and menu BORING - totally unimaginative.   Our waiter, for example, tossed down my plate of the Grouper at the end of the table - because the plate was too hot - and then just left.  Was he scared of it?  What was I supposed to do - take out my mittens for hot food and reposition the dangling plate?  The plate was hot- food was not.   Restaurant interior has NO decor- just slapped some paint on the walls and laid down a carpet.  Only benefit is location at Venetian Village. No lighter dinner options, just standard food Reminded me of Naples 25 years ago when you chose one of two restaurants because that was all that was there.   For those in need of a flashback when Naples was a little village - this is the place to go. Kids menu is bad- $16 for a child's filet - who are the kids that go here???? Other child options are worse - $8 for tasteless spaghetti - keep them at home!
Bad... Went for dinner on June 30.... Let's see how to start.... Went for lunch to check it out... Grouper sand good, slaw tasteless... Asked for calamari to be grilled and it was just heated up in a pan... No flavor no seasoning.... But since the view was great and drinks good we decided to have at 7:00.... MISTAKE the "double lump" crab cakes we just warmed over and NO DOUBLE LUMPS could be found. My lamb chops and filet had NO seasoning... Was just like poached... No grill marks.... The worst $200 meal ever. I think the "chef" must have worked in a nursing home.... NEVER GO THERE!!
Pleasantly surprised with the experience at Bayside Seafood Grill & Bar.  Often when you select a restaurant for the view you are let down by the quality of the food or service.  Not so, at this spot.  Appetizers were good-crab cake and classic shrimp cocktail.  The entrees were an Asian style Sea Bass that had a little bit of an identity problem 'served over lobster mashed potatoes'.  Odd, but seemed to work.  The other entree was Grouper served over risotto-a solid choice.  Our server was attentive, but not hovering.  The wine selection is somewhat limited, but we found a bottle that we enjoyed.  Dessert was creme brûlée which was nice and light.   The outdoor bar was backed at 5:30, so if you plan to get a drink prior to dinner I would suggest that you make an early dinner reservation and have drinks at your table.  Also, the outdoor dining space is limited so if you want to sit outdoors, again make a reservation prior to 6pm.
As someone here said already, 'pleasantly surprised' is a good way to put it. Food was very good.  LOTS of it.  Our waiter and the staff could not have been better. Would definitely return, even now prefer this over going further into town.
Loved this place! Took my Mother here for Mother's Day and everyone enjoyed their dinner.  Roof top bar was awesome for after dinner drinks and great scenery. Would totally recommend this place!
Went after 2pm and they had a limited menu. My wife and I both got the Fred grouper sandwich fries and ice tea. That was one of the best fried fish sandwiches I have had in my life and I've had my share as a chef and customer. The panko bread crumbs and super fresh grouper was perfectly Cooked and seasoned. The portion was huge!!! The location is on the harbor and gorgeous.  The iced tea was perfect too!
After researching a special spot to celebrate my wedding anniversary, I made reservations at the Bayside Seafood Grill & Bar. The food was tasty and the presentation well done. The service was efficient but without personality. The bummer of the evening is that no one at the restaurant acknowledged our special occasion despite it being listed in the reservation. As I was leaving the restaurant, I asked to speak with the Manager. After some difficulty in finding her, she came inside from smoking her cigarette.  I provided her with my feedback, she noted that she read my anniversary note in my reservation and apologized. It is too bad that on a slow night the Manager wasn't walking the dining room to make sure her guests were enjoying their dining experience. Bottom line...good food, poor dining experience. This is not a special occasion restaurant.
The dinner for our 6:30 dinner reservation was served at 8:15. We had waited almost an hour between completing our appetizers and our main meal, and we were all pretty annoyed and hungry.  When we complained, our waiter informed us (rather forcefully) that "this happens a lot, because everyone puts their order in at the same time."  He said it as if we should accept that as a good excuse.   When my meal did arrive, it was cold, but I was too hungry and had waited too long to send it back.   The long wait and the angry waiter ruined the meal. Nearly a 3 hour meal -- just for a drink, an appetizer, and a main course...no time for dessert at that point.
This restaurant is in a beautiful location right next to the water. The lower and upper dining levels have water views of gorgeous homes and they also have an outside section with live music on the weekends. The palm trees, bright flowers, and birds singing made this outside section a great place to have a sunday brunch. We arrived at 2pm, so the main dining room was closed and we ordered off of the bar menu. I chose the Mahi sandwich with a side of pasta salad and homemade tartar sauce. The pasta salad was standard, but the fish was definitely the best I've had in at least a year or more. It was extremely fresh, a large portion, and had enough flavor on its own that I didn't feel it needed any extra sauce. I was very happy with my selection and would definitely come back here for a dinner experience.
I'd give it 5 stars for the view, but the food gets a solid 2. For the price and the ambiance, I was expecting some pretty good cuisine, but the lunch fare we received seemed like it was frozen right off of the Cisco truck. Beer batter onion rings with yum yum sauce?  More like same generic onion rings that every average american sports bar across the US seems to have.  You can tell it was definitely not something freshly made in house. Trio salad (Chicken, Tuna, Shimp)?  My wife had it, but it looked like something from the local deli section at your neighborhood grocery store. I had the crispy grouper sandwich.  Nice size piece of panko crusted grouper (I assume).  Uninspiring cup of store bought tartar sauce as well as cole slaw accompanied the sandwich.   Bayside... I really wanted to like you with the awesome view and everything but the food only proceeded to bring you down to levels of mediocrity.
Honestly, don't believe the hype: slow / poor service, very expensive, mediocre food. The view is simply okay. You get to watch a few boats and pelicans but mostly you're just going to see other buildings or other guests since the layout is so poor on the rooftop. Service was slow even though it wasn't busy. Our drinks had flies in them... twice! The music was regular lounge music but didn't mesh well with the upscale feel they were going for. Everything is expensive, I'm talking $25 - $35 per plate, and it is simply not worth it. The meal started off with warm rolls and a large slab of unsalted butter. For an expensive restaurant a warm roll and unsalted butter is a terrible excuse for an amuse bouche or bread starter. We ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer. They should have called them overcooked slightly coconut shrimp pancakes, because that's what we received. The shrimp tasted fresh but it was hard to tell as the breading was greasy and the shrimp was overcooked. The pasta dish we had was not as good as some I've found frozen at my grocery store. Seriously. We also ordered the half duck, which was mediocre, unseasoned, and cooked adequately, nothing more. I was tempted to give them 1 star but felt that they put in an effort, they were simply misguided. The one thing this place is sure to do: impress your friends that you are careless with your money. Skip this place, seriously, just walk on by, there are several other good restaurants nearby.
We had a pleasant dinner at Bayside. Upon checking in we were told the wait would be 45 minutes but we actually waited only 15 minutes. The food was good with three in our party ordering the cocoanut shrimp, a couple ordered salads and I had the cocoanut snapper. All reported that their meals were tasty. The service was attentive but not overbearing. A couple of unappetizing incidents occurred, a bug affixed to a straw in one drink and a hair on the side if a bowl of soup but we tried to overlook those. I'd give Bayside another try.
Pretty!  Bayside just had a facelift and it is looking fine in it's fresh pale yellow paint, new sliding glass doors, unencumbered glass views of the bay, and fresh carpet.   A bridal shower for about 30 ladies was happening in the room opening to the main dining room.  Tall glass vases with orange daisies, topped with open, paper umbrellas were visibly festive. At lunch I noted that more than one elderly couple was greeted by name and that they greeted the servers by name in return.  Pretty toney spot with a private club cache is here for the regulars.
I have been to this place several times and feel it is hit or miss when it comes to their food. Very overpriced!! Service is consistently mediocre. The outside bar area is wonderful and the singer Merrill is very entertaining. Does great covers of prolific singer songwriters. Very talented and plays great music.  I give Merrill 5 stars, ambience 4 stars, food and service 2 stars! You really need to pick up your game, as  there are lots of up and coming restaurants in the area.   From now on, I will have a few drinks, listen to Merrill and eat elsewhere.  I guarantee I will spend less on the food and get a tastier meal with a friendlier serving staff.
We were a large party and everything went very smoothly.  We sat upstairs near the bar.  The heaters were going and all was good.  Some on us ordered appetizers  and salads, others ordered dinner.  The waitress was pleasant through it all.  The portions were large and delicious.  Everyone shared their dishes and it was all great.  Would highly recommend for ambiance and food.  Enjoy.
My family has been going to Bayside for more than 20 years! Back when the Venetian was shiny and new. As expected, it did not disappoint. Ladies who lunch have been basking on the sunny deck for years and they know how to enjoy the gorgeous views and top notch service. My drink was never below half, extra lemons arrived before the main dish, a beautiful model, from the shops across the street, sailed amongst our tables being elegant and unobtrusive. I had the fish and chips, which were so crispy and served Hot! The french fries actually tasted like potatoes rather than oil, and the cole slaw was light and crunchy. My mother had the crispy grouper sandwich, and ate the entire thing, she was so happy to have real grouper and so well prepared! Bayside has never let us down, and the new decor, for those of you who remember the palm tree wallpaper, is soothing and cool.
Dined here with our family when they were in town. It was a hit. Delicious.. everything, and they all really enjoyed eating outside on the roof, overlooking the water. To give you the quick run down we tried the following , and loved every bit of it: Calamari Appetizer Lobster Bisque Ahi Tuna Mahi- lightly blackened LOBSTER Pasta ( Sooo much lobster, amazing)- (My Mother in law liked the crab cakes but wasn't totally in love with them) Drinks were delicious, and we finished with chocolate cake dessert that was perfect. Our service was outstanding until about half way through the dinner when our waiter got very...cold. It was really odd, but other than that we loved the place and will definitely go back. They have a few different levels, each with a different menu, each with so many things to choose from. Located in the pretty village on the water & it is spendy.
We ate here for Christmas dinner which was our 2nd time ( last year was Christmas Eve ). I would have given last night 3 stars because of the prefix menu and 5 stars for last year. I didn't have yelp last year to rate it. I had the salmon which was good but I've had better. I was really looking forward to lobster and fillet that I had last year which was really good. So maybe I was just  disappointed because I was thinking about it all day. The asparagus soup was excellent! We will be back I just wish we could have ordered from the regular menu
F A B U L O U S Phenomenal view and atmosphere. Food was delicious. Service was exquisite.
Bayside is a wonderful restaurant the food is great.Down stairs is a lighter fair menu,while upstairs is a full dinner menu,they have a great bar down stairs and up stairs outside They also have a guitar player up stairs on the patio.The staff are friendly and pleasant.The seafood is always fresh and probably the best grouper sandwich in Naples.
Hmmmm, I'm not really sure what to say. My food was not bad, it was actually pretty good. And I realize I was in Naples at the time all of the snowbirds are in FL, however, I had different expectations. Bayside is in a shopping/restaurant plaza, but don't worry because after 5:30pm none of the shops are open. However, every elderly person is out eating dinner. This place was packed. I booked a table for a large group on Open Table and then called to request outdoor seating. However, when we got there I was informed that they would not be able to seat us outside, that was the only reason I booked this place, I mean it is FL we could have found seafood anywhere. Everyone's food was good and the wine prices were fairly reasonable. Our waiter was excellent, especially since we had a very large group. And by 8pm we were the only people still in the restaurant...
My wife and I had a good dining experience Bayside Seafood Grille and Bar. Even though the description indicates classy, you can wear causal attire. We ate upstairs with a beautiful view of the Gulf. I had Teriyaki Salmon and it was the best I ever had (with the exception of my wife's). My wife was equally impressed with the Scallops. Kayla our server enhanced our dining experience. The only downside was that the chairs were uncomfortable. However, I will not hesitate to visit again upon my return to Naples.
Excellent service! Very happy with our experience at Bayside.  Food was delicious and varied.  Wonderful selection of fish, great appetizers, good wine selection, and even my kids enjoyed their experience.  Great view on the 2nd floor of the Bay.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  Naples has a great variety of excellent restaurants, Bayside is among them in my opinion.
We came in for lunch.  Wonderful view and setting. The menu had great options.our lunch was amazing the only draw back was our server looked like he just crawled out of bed. Very unkept look and had not shaved in days. Spook to us very unprofessionally kept calling us his "friends". Will be back but will not be served by this person.
In Venetian Village so plenty of places to see before and after dinner. On the water with upstairs, downstairs and outside dining. Seafood and steaks done perfectly and friendly but professional service. We showed up without reservations in peak season and were welcomed as any guest should be. Great dining experience.
The ambiance is untouchable, the food is over priced and the menu limited. I suggest gong for cocktail and  appetizers and forget dinner.
AWESOME. Great food, great service and great food. I highly recommend this restaurant if you'd like an exceptional dining experience.
Thiswas our first time to Bayside, and it was a very good experience. The food and service was exceptionally good. Our waiter Dennis was excellent, great food knowledgeand very fun. My wife had the fillet Mignon, and I had the grilled grouper, both were very good. We will definetly return.
Location and views are great. Good mix of families, older and younger couples. My wife and I ate upstairs and had a wonderful meal with very good service. Prices were what you'd expect for a higher end dinner in Naples during the season. We live in Connecticut and dinner was pretty comparable price and quality with what we find in Ffld. County. Overall good experience and would definitely return.
This is the best bar in all of Naples.  Fabulous view down the water.  Music Tuesday-Saturday.  Better than the beach for sundowners.  Not as enamored of the restaurant.  Portions a little too large, and a bit pricey, but delicious.  Bring a sweater it's completely outside.
Food here is outstanding. Had the coconut shrimp salad subbed the regular dressing to try the tomato ranch. It came with 4 huge, and I mean huge, pieces of shrimp. The almonds added a nice flavor and crunch. This place is huge with in and outdoor seating. The service however was a little slow. I think it's because it tourist time, my suggestion is to hire some more staff.
They must have a new chef because the food is spotty and not up to past  experiences.
We've known and loved Bayside's ground floor restaurant for a long time, for its charm and its food, and its view. The recent renovation eliminated the piano (and by definition the piano player) and the plantation shutters and whatever else that gave it character. The place looks totally sterile now, which makes the bay view less attractive too. The new menu lacks the imagination of the old one but has some good dishes. There was no one seated at the bar when we visited. It always used to have good action.
Great place for lunch. Eat outside and enjoy the view. food is really good. you can boat there and tie your boat to any of the slips behind it that doesn't have any ropes or gear on it. What a great day.
My family had a wonderful meal at Bayside. It was our first time there.  The Baked Brie was a tasty appetizer.  The pistachio encrusted snapper and blackened mahi mahi were great dinner entrees.  The service was quick and courteous and the owner stopped by our table twice to make sure we were happy.
Great location on the bay, awesome drinks, friendly staff, and live music. Is there anything else I need to say for you to go there?  I think not!
Food was very good, I had the grouper. Great views with outdoor bar. The only negative was the place was empty, was there early july.
Fantastic view of the canal -- eat at the bar if you go -- food was very good, not quite exceptional for the price, but a fun night out.
My husband, daughter and I enjoyed a great lunch on a beautiful day. The shrimp salad croissant sandwich is delicious!
Beautiful dining room and very helpful and pleasant waiters.  Food was good, but significantly overpriced.  Would think twice before returning.
Grouper sandwich is the best ever!!!
Bayside is never a disappointment.  They always have good service, good food and a lovely atmosphere.  I would eat here for any meal.
Bayside has prime exposure and a great view on Venetian Bay. Unfortunately the food was marginally mediocre for the 5 diners at our table. The Venetian Frito Misto amounted to crumbs of burned seafood in overused oil , slaw was under-seasoned and fries were average. The tuna and chicken/apple salad plates were under seasoned and the chunk fruit was basic, bland and simply unappealing. I can't help but feel ripped off when the food clearly did not measure up to levels the elevated prices would indicate. If lunch is so carelessly presented, I would certainly hesitate to make a return visit for dinner.
Had Thanksgiving dinner there. Meal was good and view is nice. I have a real problem with being charged nine dollars for a Caesar salad. They gouge you on drinks and salads. We all know Romaine is not that expensive.
Expensive but good food.  5 stars for the view and the service.
My boyfriend and I just love this place.  From the fish sandwich to the fish and chips to the pizza to the chicken wings, it's all as good as it gets.  It's pub fare, but with many delicious high-end twists and superior food quality.  I've never had bad service, even on busy evenings, and the owners are always there and always so friendly.   I really enjoy the ambience (think pretty sports bar), the service and the food.  I am not sure what Joseph S. is talking about in his review, this has not been my experience at all and I have eaten there at least ten times.  It's modestly priced for great eats.
