This place truly is the "best of everything" - obviously this is not a fine jewelry store, so seeing people complain about the quality is baffling to me. This is a place where you go to get some fun costume jewelry or simple everyday pieces that you won't care if they get lost or damaged. This is also a great place to pick up some cute gifts for all ages and styles - nothing fancy, just a fun and sweet gift. And honestly the quality of some of the things I've bought from here far surpassed any expectations I've had - I've had some things that are years old and still in shiny perfect condition. Give it a shot - you'll enjoy yourself!
Love Best of Everything. Visit it every time I'm in Naples which is about three times a year.  Love the stretchy bracelets and knock off Yurman pieces. I also buy cute wine stoppers and dishcloths. My daughter buys nice shells for about a dollar or two each. Great Christmas shopping for a tween/teen.
Splendid heaven when in the sw florida area.  I have to have to go here. I love picking through all the accessories like a kid in a candy store.  This time I bought like 3 or 4 necklaces and a couple pairs of earrings and a bracelet. I go here and it's well organized by color and style and I just can't stop picking everything up. All different kinds of jewelry u can imagine, house stuff, purses, girly paradise to the max. There are several locations in Naples and bonita springs. I wanted to go to each and every location but i was only there for a 3 day weekend boo.
Sitting outside on the "husband bench". 85 degrees with a nice breeze in the shade. Inside they have table after table of costume jewelry and scarves and placemats and a hundred other things I have no idea of what they are except shiny. Inside my wife and daughter smiling and buying the shiny stuff. They think I am a creampuff and I am just enjoying the bench the breeze and the weather.
The Best of Everything is a great place to buy all the costume jewelry a girl could ever want. It not only has jewelry, but house goods and fun little gag gifts as well. Any store I can walk into and buy candy cane sunglasses, reindeer light up antlers, and a teddy bear that sings "head, shoulders knees and toes" is a winner in my book. I must confess that any trip to Naples means at least 4 trips to the Best of Everything...... definitely stop by and check out all the fun things, and they are all super cheap........ except for the pink rhinestone poodle purse which will run you $1400.... yep... that's right....$1400!!!!
Have you ever wondered where all the little old ladies at Bingo got their matching silver-plated abalone dolphin earrings that match their sparkly visors? I was coaxed into coming here with the promises of lunch afterwords and upon entering my ears were immeditately assaulted with The Beegees Greates Hits. I quickly hid behind the first pink bedazzled flamingo statue I could find. This is a great place for tourists, artsy 11 year olds and snazzy 50 year old cougars. You can find silver seashell bracelets, cheap sunglasses, fake pearl necklaces and flower brooches. This is a great place to find a gift for that special lady in your life. There is a fine line here between tacky and unique. You come here and decide.
My BF saw this place and opted out for a coffee lol...its huge!! And he knew I needed time and patience to look at all the selections. It has all types of accesories hats, watches, hair addins, sterling silver rings and earrings. Great place to shop for the girls in your life :) TIP: A good hour to process store lol
What a great little shop to go to while visiting Naples! You pick up a tray, and shop like crazy! I still get compliments from my friends that sell Lia Sophia that think the earrings I purchased here are from their line! (I paid ONE DOLLAR FOR THEM!) Go, go GO! is all I can say!
What a lovely shop. While on vacation in Naples my mother introduced me to the best of everything, and it really was the best of everything in terms of a fun morning of shopping. There are trays upon trays of pretty shiny pins, earrings, necklaces, and broaches. There are rows of gorgeous watches and bracelets. It's a fun way of finding something cute to accessorize an outfit or for a fun gift for a friend or a child. They have a great selection of bags, sunglasses, and scarves as well. Everyone can go in and find something that they like. The customer service is also awesome. They are helpful and friendly, but not pushy or overbearing. It was a very enjoyable way to spend an hour. We completely lost track of time while browsing. I will definitely be hitting the store up again before going home.
If you like to dig through trays of cheap junk from China under fluorescent lights while loud music blares you"ll like this store. I'm surprised there is a store like this on 5th Ave South in beautiful Naples. Definitely a tourist trap.
One can ALWAYS find something interesting at Best of Everything.  Latest purchase?  Really cute watches for grandson and family friends with backhoe, fairies and dragon flies on band and on hands of watch; each watch $8.   Bargain.  Wonderful everyday jewelry and, what I find interesting, huge cubic zirconia collection that always has MANY women huddled around.  I always leave thinking maybe some of those HUGE diamonds I see on some women are not actually real.........Visit BOE, you will not be disappointed.  Oh, men, stay home, you will be bored or find yourself in one of the chairs provided for loving, or tolerate, husbands.  :)
Great Customer Service! I purchased some nice earrings while on vacation but then lost one. They were not expensive but like many things at BOE, they are different and a great find for a nice price. I contacted BOE. Estella was great. She helped me out by locating the same pair, allowed me to purchase them with a credit card and then shipped them to me. Let me just note that this service/action is not part of the everyday business model at BOE because they don't have a website (yet :). What a nice place to spend my money especially in this day/age when retailers make customers feel like they are doing us a favor when we want to give them business. Bravo - Best of Everything for hiring employees that want to help customers and take service to the next level. It was greatly appreciated.
OMG, there's a luxury travel BUS in the parking lot.   During church hours!  Looks like the season's shoppers have a new religion.
Whenever I am in the area visiting family I stop here and stock up. Incredible replicas of expensive and pricey jewelry! I wear something from Best of Everything almost every single day. Incredible and I so wish we had one in Upstate NY.
I love this store. I cannot wear anything but real gold in my piercings, no silver, no stainless steel. I can wear this stuff. I love the gold, not big into silver. They have a great selection, but I admit some is pretty gaudy! The always have a little section for holiday jewelry. I love their earing and penants! I am a fan! And the prices are great!! Very inexpensive
