Not much to see but the restaurants were pretty good.
I don't get this place. It's a tourist trap without the appeal. I feel like this place peaked in like, 1989 and never felt the need to improve. I observed a lot of Golden Girl -esque clothing with snazzy seashell designs and comfortable footwear for the casual octogenarian on the go as well as jewelry and beach trinkets. The usual patrons of Tin City appear to be visiting Europeans with deathly bored teenagers and families with young children eating ice cream. To get a taste of local wares I suggest any of our local farm markets in the area held weekly in season as well as Fleamasters market in Fort Myers as you'll get the same Florida feel for 1/3 the price and much more variety.   Don't say I didn't warn you.
I've been here three times in the last 6 years, and I just don't get the appeal. I don't know if they stay busy with people waiting for tables at the nearby restaurants or if people actually shop here by choice. Standard touristy tchotchkes (shells, stuff made out of shells, t-shirts with shells on them---you get the idea). If you've been outside all day, it makes for an okay break for the sun (better than okay, if you find the place with the supersize chocolate chip cookies), but if you're looking for shopping, this isn't the place to go.
Meh.  Tin city has seen better days.  A must stop for tourist junk.  Tshirts, jewelry, magnets and souvenirs.  I was suckered into purchasing cheap pineapple wine.  At least it tasted good with the sugary smoothie blend.  Will pass on this tourist stop.
Nothing impressive. Honestly a waste of time. Only good thing there is the winery shop! Riverwalk restaurant is below average, food and service. Was not worth the time of money my family wasted during our vacation
My wife and I found this place accidentally while driving through Naples, FL.   We actually thought the shops were on the water, but they are located inside. It's kind of a cool building with a bunch of touristy kind of shops.   Most of the places aren't that special.  Just a bunch of typical tourist trap stuff in general.  It's a nice way to kill some time, but there was nothing there that I could actually rave about.  Lots of T-shirts, sun dresses, jewelry etc.  There was a pretty cool place called Monkey Bread that made their own breads etc.   Also an ice cream place with homemade ice cream.
I liked Tin City.  Good place to kill an evening walking around to all the various shops, and then grabbing a bite to eat, or cocktails, or dessert..  They have some higher priced clothing stores, and your regular souvenir shops.  It's fun to look around.  You may just find that unique gift or home decor you were looking for!
We were looking for a little tourist trap of shops and local food so we stopped here on our way through Naples. We were a little disappointed by the shops, a lot of usual stuff that was over priced, but the shop owners were very friendly and it was a nice local spot to kill some time. We didn't try any food because we were in between meal times but everything looked and smelled great! Nice place!
Tin city got its name from the heavy use of corrugated steel roofing and walls. It has historical value as the earliest location of Naples "shopping mall".  AKA shity city, Tin Trap, tin crap is a novelty reserved for out of town visitors. Or locals looking for unique home decor.  I'd say it is a sight seeing location for its old style look. A good place to spend time if its rainy or walk along after a good meal.  There are two major buildings that are seperated by a walkway so make sure you see both. Pick up some fancy souvenirs. Get some candy, look at the dream boats on the walk or at Marine Max. Get a few drinks, Buy crap with Naples on it or artsy crafty stuff.  Riverwalk.  Above average prices.  Read, Naples high end version of ultra fancy Boutique flea market.  Chances are this eclectic group will have something for everyone's interest. From nautical art to fancy feasts and snacks to eat they almost have it all.
This place is great. An eclectic mix of shops and food.  It may not rival big city attractions...but you are in Naples.  Also note that it is not fair for Tin City as a whole to have 3 dollar signs as a price rating.  There are many different shops with different price points for their inventory. I found the shop owners to be friendly and helpful.  I bought a wide range of things from lotion and the Naples Soap Co., a unique candle T another shop, delicious fudge, and sea inspired bracelets.  There was also wine, lots of clothing, incense and wax burners, home decor, souvenirs, ice cream, and restaurants.  You could easily spend a half day in here if you are there for lunch and into browsing. Definitely swing by and have some fun!!
Attractive, funky, touristy shops and restaurants built on and around what was once a real dock for real fishermen. Lots to see, and BUY, from arts & crafts to jewelry to T shirts, even local (and not) wines and food products. There is a nice casual restaurant, its usually busy. Prices are a bit on the high side, but not even rising to ripoff level. You DO have to pay for unique, you know. You'll really enjoy spending a couple of hours or more here if you're in the area.
Third and last time I will visit this place.  Totally tourist magnet.  Cute, overpriced shops, trendy but meh restaurants, access to local activity vendors.  Fun place to walk around at least once, but the shops don't seem to change much and a lot of them have the same old seashell-keychain, beachsand-bottle, pineapple-photoframe, and all the rest of the dust-collecting baubles you'll find in this sort of place.  There is a wine shop that's a lot of fun to pop into for a quick tasting.  There's also some hilarious (but expensive) t-shirts and a magic shop to check out.  For me, I won't be back, but I'd recommend dropping in once.
It's a tourist trap.. I'll say it and I hate being labled a tourist.  The stores though are all so unique and cool so I could see why this would attract tourists.. and natives I mean they have a wicked cool candle shop in there and some boutique style clothing. I enjoyed going when we visited Nana and Papa, as I've mentioned in other FL reviews, I've been going to Naples every year since 1997, so I know my way around and the ins and outs of Naples pretty well.  I enjoy the Tin City shops because it's just a neat place to spend a few hours around. I've heard in the past year or so that they've altered the lay out of it and taken some shops out, I can't speak on that I haven't been since 2009.
Super cute!  These shops are fun and beachy!  I had an issue with the chick who worked in the winery...b/c she was a total crab....but I guess there's always people who hate their jobs and are just crappy people. LOVED the ice cream shop in Tin City!  Get the Rum Raisin!  Holy CRAP!
Funky little tourist trap, with local flair and charm. Agree with the reviews about bitchy shop owners, but when you're trapped in a shop day after day and year after year, it burns you out. I did however find a fantastic shirt which featured famous drumsets, including the awesome Myron Grombacher set from Pat Benatars glory days. So rad. A perfect place to score some funky FLA kitsch, or the palm tree identifier greeting card which shows how ecologically awesome the place is.
Kitschy shops similar to Kemah Boardwalk in Houston area, but smaller in side. The restaurants here are heavily focused on seafood - for a good reason. It faces the water. And across the canal is some seafood boating & fishing company. There's also a "winery" here which really is a wine shop that sells only Florida wines from St. Petersburg - I was surprised that there were none other Florida wineries represented here, including the much closer Schnebly winery of Homestead. There's also a cookie shop, a bunch of souvenir shops, an ice cream shop (that has pralines and cream flavor, which isn't common I dare say), and some kitschy stuff to fit the theme of the whole place. While I can see it being a tourist destination for waterside dining, I can't really say that it's a reason for people to come to Naples. Still, I can see this as being a fun place to be for the locals.
You can't beat the location... along the water where you can see the small yachts bobbing on the side. The restaurants are the best part of this place. The shops lean more towards pleasing the quirky auntie who likes to paint. Lots of unique (some from local makers) gifts... but ehh... not stuff for the under-30 crowd. I loved walking through the little walkways between shops. It felt mysterious and cramped... I wish the walk went on longer. PYRA SAYS: Quirky with a short walk... I think I'll just continue on and walk through nearby 5th Avenue.
How rude everyone was!  In almost all of the shops, noone cared enough to even acknowledge us.  They must all be doing so great, they don't need my business!
You will find a lot of bars and italian cafes here, if you want to buy art, youll find plenty here. Every block there is at least one Art deco store or galeries.
Boring and for old people and tourists. It was empty as well!
Funky and touristy.  If you've done everything else in Naples, and you want to pick up something to bring home, this is the place.
i must say that this little destination used to be a must on our itinerary whenever visiting naples (every summer), but on a recent visit, i have only one word for the place: tackville.  i guess that's the "charm" in it, but when i was younger, it seemed more fun.
