Decor inside is a little strange, things hanging from the ceiling, but it's totally worth going. They have a huge selection of fun and inexpensive jewelry.
Staff is willing to help look for the odd or end piece you want. Place looks bigger on the inside than it does on the outside, however, it's lined with a maze of tables with various degrees of charms, jewels, knickknacks and funky items. My only problem with the entire store is the decor is a little off putting. It's the only part of the place where it could scare a child or weird out an adult who wasn't paying too much attention. There are life size wild women mannequins hanging from the ceiling in various places (seriously - one looks like she is in the midst of binge drinking with her girlfriends). They are all dressed in dated outfits (Long Island Bar Mitzvah type chic circa 1990s) and I think the only thing that gets changed on them is the anklet or bracelet. The floor itself has other types of mannequins through out the space. One has an impish looking fellow, dressed as Santa. There are animals - bears, frogs - that are the size of the large prize one would find at a carnival. Aside from that, the place is good. It's always packed with customers and I have picked up a few items over time to send to friends.
This place has everything! Great selection & prices. Look up at the decor hanging from the ceilings, love it!! Nobody should have any complaints about this store! Don't be in a hurry in season because this place is packed! The store truly has the best of everything!!
Best of Everything?  Really?  Mmmm...I dunno... It reminded me of a smaller scaled Charming Charlie, but more expensive.  I just think mass produced crap like they sell here shouldn't be so golldarnedrediculouslyoverexpensive!!!!  Come on!  It's not quality jewelry, it's cheap costume stuff!  There wasn't anything that was really original either...  The only thing I loved about this place was a much needed bathroom on the premises.....that's where I left the best of everything!  uh huhhh.....
This is what heaven must look like. LA LA LA LA LAhhhh!!! I hear angels singing! The "Best of Everything" truly is, the best of everything! Phenominal jewelry selection, and great gifts and more!! LOVE this place!
I love this place, i hope they star selling online..i will be customer #1 every day!! Miami as bis as it is don't have the great store and customer service.. please best of Everything ONLINE SOON!!!
Looking to dress up a dull outfit? Get some sparkly accents and you can transform it into something nice! The  Best Of Everything had lots of  'knock offs'  for great prices. Most of the metal jewelry was sterling silver. Great place to shop on a budget!
I was disappointed. The yelp reviews are positive, and my mom's friend recommended it, so we made the hour trip out to shop. The place is EXTREMELY busy. It's often hard to move or see everything on display. 90% of the jewelry was either tourist/kitsch or way too expensive. I got three necklaces for $36. Not bad, but not worth the trip.
It is quite amazing!  Love the holiday decorations and gifts; especially the Anna Lee dolls!  Sunglasses, jewelry, purses, scarves, etc.  Can't wait to bring visiting guests here! They are now open on Sunday from 11-4 too.
This shopping experience is not just for visitors to southwest Florida! My friends and I always seem to find a little trinket we can't do without. I also love the fact that there is a store in north Naples and one in Bonita Springs! If you are looking for inexpensive jewelry and gift items, this is the place to go!
Nice selection of merchandise from higher-end items like Lily Pulitzer to lower-end fashion jewelry.   Unfortunately, I don't think I will be going back.  When I was paying for my things, the  cash register clerk questioned the cost of earrings I was purchasing ($8 per the sticker price) and asked a clerk for another pair.  The clerk brought a pair over and they were marked $42 per the sticker price.  I mentioned to the clerk that the sticker had not been removed and replaced as it was still perfectly intact.  She, however, pointed out that patrons switch earrings in order to purchase them for a cheaper price.  I told her I wouldn't have even thought to do that!!  I also explained that "technically" they should be sold at the price marked on the item.  To which she replied "there is no technically here at this store".  What the heck????  And, on top of it all, she needed an attitude adjustment!   The Best of Everything?  I don't think so.  Not with an attitude like that!!!
Jewelry, Jewelry everywhere! This is definitely the place to come for costume jewelry as well as long, beautiful sterling sliver necklaces. It's not pricey and for the money, you get some really nice looking stuff! I left with two long necklaces and a pair of earrings that I'm really excited about. They don't have any real gold jewelry or platinum, so don't bother if you're looking for expensive stuff. I'll be back, that's for sure!!
