I've heard only great things about Marissa Collections and when I visited FL a few weeks ago - I had the chance to visit their store and it was incredible (to say the least). The stylists really took the time to help me find my perfect size / style etc. Then I found out they had an online store and man, that's it. Life is complete.
I arrived at Marissa Collection to look for a dress and shoes. Upon entering, I was looked at, but not greeted.. I had a look in every single room and while some of the pieces were quite nice.. I left without buying a thing because I was ignored by a total of 6 associates working there. They were not that busy. Maybe three costumers total. I've been hearing about this place for years. The styles are for an older clientele in my opinion. Two stars for having a few beautiful articles of clothing. No stars for costumer service .. I'd try elsewhere...
I have shopped at Marissa Collections for years both online and in-stores. Each time, my experience gets better and better. Marissa Collections' customer service is unrivaled and products beautiful. Additionally, I love their Expert Edit blog featuring Buyer's Picks and new trends to look out for. Their carefully curated selection complete with clothing, shoes and stunning, unique jewelry always keeps me coming back for more!
Shopped at Marissa Collection this past Christmas and got everything I needed! The customer service is great and I got everything delivered right on time! Would highly recommend this site!
I adore stopping in whenever I'm in Florida visiting family. The store boasts my favorite designers including Irene Neuwirth, Givenchy, Michael Kors, and Ohne Titel. Always find something worth splurging on.
Crappy company. I ordered an item for Christmas with next day shippig and it took 3 days no refund or no help. Customer service did not call me back did not resolve the issues. Bad company. Ripps people off. I unsubscribed to their emails 3 weeks ago and still get the emails. Company web site is childish and does not work. Bad run company, bad pricing, bad customer service., They suck! Do not use them.
I ordered a Donna Karan silk camisole on sale for $200.  When it arrived, it appeared that it was used.  It arrived with no Donna Karan tags, only Marrissa Collections tags.  One of the shoulder seams was partially ripped out; the fabric was pilling underneath the back tags; the bodice had been restitched badly in the front underneath the bust line and there was an obvious stain in the back which looked as if removal had been attempted but unsuccessful by a dry cleaner.  I was clearly disappointed.  I  purchased the same one from Bergdorf's two years ago but as it was showing signs of age I was looking forward to replacing it, as it is one of my favorite items for summer travel.  I called Marissa Collections first thing the following day (I received it late PST) and spoke to a salesgirl.  I was told they don't sell used clothing and the store policy was no returns on sale items.  (This is clearly not the policy on their website.)  I was told to send photos of the camisole and the issue would be reviewed.  I emailed several photos, but never received a response.  I emailed a week later, and still no response.  I have returned the item and disputed it through my credit card company.  What a hassle!  Beware!  It's not that I won't get the money back, but the time I have had to spend on it is ridiculous. When I looked at the Google Reviews of this shop there was only  one very negative review followed by four excellent reviews, which upon a second look, incidentally, were all written one month ago.  I'd be careful ordering online and look closely  at the dates of the reviews when considering if this is a reputable boutique or not.
I've shopped with Marissa Collection's many times. The service is always impeccable and if things need to be shipped or special ordered - it's never EVER been an issue. Shopping with MC is like a throw back to what you expect from a speciality couture store. Love them!
So nice to have such an elegant beautiful clothing store in Naples
