The parking is $8.00 and is credit card or $1 and $5 bills only. Come prepared. The walkway through the mangrove forest is nice but long if you don't take the trolley and have gear and children to carry. The walkway ends at the Hotel managed concession stand and equipment rental. To the right, the beach continues for a ways before being cutoff by a causeway. The beach to the left from the walkway continues for miles. I found tons of great shells right at sunrise and I'm sure there are many more to be found. Great beach and overall experience.
My favorite beach!
Parking is way too expensive, but the beach is out of the way and nice and private.   Take the shuttle or walk the 10 minute walk.  It's a beautiful and peaceful walk down to the water.  The sand is soft, clean and warm.  My favorite of the Naples beaches.
If there was anywhere within the continental US that I would consider "Heaven On Earth" it would be Clam Pass Beach. Although this beach didn't exist when I grew up here, it is now my haven - a quiet, serene retreat from my hectic life. I live for the mornings when I can wake up at home in Pelican Marsh, without the sounds of DC area traffic, and know that I will be taking my morning jog along the boardwalk that takes you from the private parking lot ($8/day) of Clam pass through the most beautiful lush greenery you can imagine. If you're not a jogger or a walker, you can wait under the gazebo for a free trolley/elongated golf cart to pick you up and drop you off beach side. Once you arrive at the end of the boardwalk, to your right you will find a cafe, where I recommend you go after you've secured a spot by the water. To the left is a cabana type area where you can rent everything from towels and chairs to full on day-beds. For 3 cushioned chairs, 1 large umbrella, and 3 towels I pay around $60. Well worth it if you ask me, because when I'm trying to relax, the last thing I want is to lug my own stuff around. The cabana boys are wonderful - when I tell them I want a prime tanning spot, they not only set my tanning chair up facing the sun, but they set my umbrella and equipment/laptop chair away from the sun so I can work as I play. It doesn't hurt that they've gotten to know me and know that I work just as hard as I play so it has pretty much become routine. As the sun moves throughout the day, these same wonderful boys swing back by and rotate my tanning chair for me so I continue to get optimal exposure. When they see me go and grab food, they run and bring a table over. If I could give them a sixth star for customer service alone, I would! The beach itself is pristine - spotless and clean with very few people typically. Even when I was here on 4th of July, it was quiet and empty unlike the rest of the beaches in Naples. If you're looking for a spot where you can do nothing more than relax with others who appreciate the gentle sound of the ocean and a nice breeze, then this is the spot for you. I can't wait for the day I retire back to Naples and can spend every waking second on Clam Pass Beach!
Beautiful!! So serene and great access to the bathrooms.
Excellent semi-private beach. You can eat with view on the bay and and then rent a seat and everything else on the beach. Not a lot of crowd and well maintained. Love it. The long walk to arrive to the beach is beautiful and makes it a gem.
Amazing beach, the service of the beach staff is great! Is a must to go when you are visiting Naples
Gulf coast beaches can be very uneven, both depending on where exactly you are and the time of year. Pensacola in September, for example, would not be high on my list. But Clam Pass has a very nice beach, with soft, warm sand, ocean not (at least in May) swarming with seaweed, and more shells than you could ever grab. (Hence the name, I'm guessing). Add in that it's a beautiful area and all the amenities you could need (everything from equipment to restrooms/showers to snacks and water) and you've got a relaxing beach experience. You do have to pay for parking (for your car - they have bike racks for free bicycle parking) and take a golf cart down a mile-long boardwalk through the swamp to get there, but it's scenic enough. As far as Gulf beaches go, Clam Pass is an excellent option.
Superb white powdery sand beach. Warm gulf water. Liked this beach more than sanibel. Cost $8 to park. We walked instead of waiting on line for golf cart shuttle but will take advantage of the free ride back.  It's a little over half a mile walk on a boardwalk with mangroves on each side but still it's Florida summer humidity and not very wide.  Saw a small child almost get hit by golf cart!!  Looks like they hire retired folk to drive so watch your chitlins!!   Not too crowded on a beautiful summer day. Kayaks and paddle board rentals available right on the beach. The beach access is shared by the Waldorf Astoria patrons.
The beach was super crowded when we were there- sometime around late morning, early afternoon. You can take the golf cart to the beach; however, why not get some exercise and walk? There is a great boardwalk to the beach through mangroves filled with tiny little crabs in the trees. We walked pretty far down the beach and happened to notice a sea turtle in the brush off the beach. Pretty cool!
This was a very good beach. What I loved the most was the beach loungers from the Waldorf. Unfortunately it will cost $100 for an umbrella and lounger, but they are very comfortable and the workers come and. Hange the umbrellas as often as you need to provide the shading you desire. You can order food and bring it out to your lounger. We made the mistake in buying umbrellas and chairs and even beach sandcastle stuff from Walmart, but didn't need it and we were sure to take them back. We ended up staying on the beach all day and really enjoyed that it was not too crowded. Great beach and also good exercise to walk thru the mangroves rather than take the carts.
My favorite way to enjoy the Gulf in Naples.  And, kudos for being one of the best examples of government-corporate cooperation.   The County owns and manages the park (ijncluding glomming the $8 per car parking revenue, unless you've got a Collier resident beach sticker),.  Naples Grande provides the beach shuttle, beach eqmt concession, deck restaurant, and staff.  This season, Naples Grande turned everything white by changing out the umbrellas and tables to crisp white, and then white washing the deck rails around the eating area and to the sand.  Next to the sand that turns whiter in the sun, and with the really blue Gulf just a short stumble away, it's beautiful. The lunch concession is limited to salads, a few sandwiches and fish.  Mangroves add to the shade of the covered luncheon deck, while the Gulf breezes is Nature's a/c for you.  It's more setting than cuisine here, but food is decent. Bathrooms are clean and always a little wet in an ok, beachey kind of way.  The County built the bathrooms facing the deck, but not in a straight sight line to the dining tables.  That's cool, for so many reasons, including discouraging pervs. The boardwalk to the beach is only .6 mile long.  It's made of smooth, recycled material, though the side rails have to wait for more budgets to come for replacement of  side timbers.  This town loves to tell you what to do, so there are signs warning you to wear shoes. There're white and black mangroves on either side that filter the sun.  They've grown enough to bower over the boardwalk since the storms tore them apart a few years ago.  Come in the morning to run your mile, because the sun will be cooking by 10.  But don't expect to bike or roll - the shuttle wheels are the only ones welcome on this two lane walk.  Ditto for dogs. Collier tolerates dogs only in parks  set-aside for dogs; Clam Pass is not one of them.. In the parking lot, there's a put-in for your kayak and canoe.  It's an easy paddle around the mangroves, under the boardwalk and out to the Gulf.  The estuary gets some silt and tides so there are plenty of shorebirds. It's quite the civilized way to enjoy the beach, sun up to sundown.
Very calm, beautiful, clean, full of sea birds and white sand... Oh, and shells. You have to pay $8 to park and has a 10-15 min walk in the middle of the nature to get there. Totally worth it!
This was a great beach. We went to Wynn's market and got a selection of the fresh prepared salads and came to the beach for sunset. We arrived around 4:30 to find that regardless of the time of day it was required to pay $8 for parking. I found this odd until I found there were golf carts constantly carrying beach-goers to and from the beach. Some people walked but we were carrying a cooler so we opted to use the service. The drivers were very helpful with tips of additional things to do in the area. I found the beach to be nicer than the pier and I would go back to this place instead. They also have a great beach place to grab some food. I don't have more info on this because we brought our own picnic. Either way, nice pretty sand. Great sunset.
I am so pleased that somebody though to protect this mangrove forest instead of building a road through it or tearing it down. What is unique and cool about this beach is the mangrove forest. You park by the Naples Grande Hotel. ($8.00 flat rate or beach parking pass.) Then, you either walk or hop on a free tram down a wide 3/4 mile boardwalk to the beach. The boardwalk goes through the mangrove forest and over an inter-coastal river. The trams run every 5 minutes. There is a nice concession stand, bathrooms, beach rentals and outdoor showers right there on the beach. Simply lovely.
This is a great beach for sea shelling/beach combing.  You'll find many varieties of shell life remnants waiting to be picked up here:  mini-conchs, scallops, mussels, clams, sea snails, etc.  But please throw back the live ones.  Also, the sand on the beach is soft and warm.  You just need a beach towel to spread and lie upon.  Next thing you know, you wake up from an hour nap and realize you're burnt to a crisp.  Ouch.  My back is feeling it. The mangroves provide a nice shade over the walkway and keeps it cool.  The water at Tigertail on Marco Island is calmer but Clam Pass is still an excellent beach.  Especially compared to anything up here.
This is my favorite beach in naples because it has a golf cart service that will take you right to the sand and water for me. It's never over crowded and the tram service is free, best beach access in naples
A beautiful spot to spend some time at the beach in Naples.  Not as crowded as the pier area downtown.  Yes, the County is proud of the parking at $8, but that is for the day, so why not return late to see the sun set?  It's not crowded at all then and simply gorgeous. Have visited many times and always had great conversation of the golf cart shuttle drivers.  It only takes a couple of minutes to ride out to the beach on the cart and they swing by about every five minutes.   The outdoor restaurant at the entrance to the beach can be a great refuge when those afternoon storms pop up and interrupt the fun.  Excellent service there by friendly staff.
Post card perfect beach. The beach has crystal clear waters and fine white sands. We went on a Sunday morning and there was plenty of room on the beach to spread out. It is $8 a car to get in and park, however there is not a lot of parking so get there early. (Before 10am.) Once parked there is a 3/4 mile boardwalk that leads you through a beautiful mangrove forest, across an inlet, and to the beach. You can walk or take advantage of the free shuttle they offer to and from the beach. (Golf carts.) However, I would highly recommend walking and taking in the scenery. There is a good crowd on the beach. Mostly older individuals and families. Not a party scene. One can rent beach chairs for $10 a piece. There is also a snack stand where you can get some basic beach food. A bit pricey, but reasonable for the location. An excellent beach and one that can not be missed. If in Naples, make it a point to go to this beach.
Great Beach and Beach Bar, the Waldorf Astoria runs the beach bar/ cafe and they have very good fish sandwiches. It is also elevated which provides gorgeous views of the water.  Prices are fairly reasonable for the quality and being on the beach.
Great location convenient for Waldorf guests. Loved the long trail through the mangroves. Perfect for a leisurely walk with my son. Just wish there was a ramp from Waldorf to path instead of hiking up the stairs with a stroller
My favorite Naples beach destination, by far. Take a trolley ride to the boardwalk and enjoy the beach or swim in Clam Pass. Watch dolphin, manatee and fish in the clear waters in the pass. Enjoy an affordable lunch at the restaurant on the boardwalk, run by the Waldorf Astoria.
Fine white sand. Great "nature" walk from parking lot to the beach. If you can walk, at least one way, I recommend it. Very serene through lush vines and arched trees. It's kind of crowded, which is why I'm giving just four out of five stars. Nice bathrooms and beach bar with snacks and drinks. A little squishy walk from the entrance down to the water with all the hotel vendors (chairs, umbrellas, and towels). Lovely little spot though that I highly recommend for shelling.
This beach is just incredible, even before you step foot onto the beach itself. 1. $8 per car, which is extremely worthwhile because you will want to spend at least a couple hours here. 2. The shuttles (which run every 5 minutes) have the most friendliest drivers. It takes you from the parking lot to the beach, which is a good 10-minute walk. The ride is very nice, as it takes you through the mangrove forest. It is very beautiful and I have experienced nothing like it. One of the drivers told us that he does this drive 10,000 times a year, and that he has not gotten sick of it in the 20 years that he's been doing it! 3. $7 to rent a beach chair, if you don't bring your own. This is extremely worthwhile in my opinion, because it's way more comfortable to get your tan on while laying in a beach chair, rather than on the sometimes rocky, bumpy beach. Besides, the guys are ridiculously nice and will carry your chairs to wherever you desire on the beach. You can also rent umbrellas, floats, etc. DON'T FORGET TO TIP! These guys are out in the sun all day, hauling and cleaning stuff wearing pants and sneakers! 4. The shore doesn't go that deep, so no matter where you put your stuff down, you will be just a few steps away from the water. This is nice because you can watch your stuff while you're in the water. 5. Beautiful sand! You will not find garbage here. We tried looking for sea glass but quickly realized that it's a super clean beach. 6. Clear waters! 7. The water doesn't get deep for a while, so you're able to pick cool seashells and snails without getting your face wet for the first several yards! 8. We found a huge conch! 9. Everybody at the beach are there to have a relaxing time, so no one is being loud and causing a scene like I often experience at the beaches in Long Island, NY. 10. Outdoor showers for feet & full body! 11. DELICIOUS FOOD! I got a CLAM PASS CHOPPED SALAD which included tomatoes, avocado, bacon, croutons and parmesan cheese. The best part was the key lime vinaigrette dressing...it was citrusy and went so well with the salad! My friend and I also each got a side of fries for $4 each which is worth the money because they give you a lot. We really should've shared it! They were very full and crispy.
A lovely, unique beach experience!
