While visiting Naples for the first time, hubby and I took a sunset cruise aboard the Double Sunshine.  The captain gave a narrated tour complete with some funny jokes.  The best part was watching the sun set over the gulf while the captain played Jimmy Buffett tunes.  I would definitely do this again!
Had a Groupon deal to take either the sunset cruise or a dolphin-watching cruise with Pure Naples on a recent visit to southwest Florida. We four opted to take the sunset cruise as that fit better into our schedule, and overall it was a pleasant and interesting trip. As a background, you are taken out into Naples bay, then pass by the *huge* mansions of Port Royal, and finally spend a few minutes out in the Gulf of Mexico before turning around and heading back to port. The weather was mediocre (mostly cloudy and breezy), and unfortunately we could not see the sunset which I am sure would have looked spectacular from the point where they stop the boat to view it. Still, it was very scenic to be out on the Gulf, see the gigantic homes, candidly check out the wildlife (we spotted at least a few manatees and dolphins). The crew was friendly but kind of bland with the narration. There are food and drinks for sale onboard, which is convenient, but no bathrooms (go before you set sail!) Overall, I think taking the cruise was worth it and made for some really great photo opportunities, and the ride was enjoyable. I will have to come back another time to see the amazing sunset on a day that the weather cooperates.
My family and I just finished our second fishing trip with Capt Jason, we had an awesome time. He had my kids on fish immediately including my kids catching 2 keeper Hog fish.  I would encourage anyone to use Capt Jason and Pure Naples if they really want to have a great time fishing. Time for our fish feast. Thank you Jason... Ross and family
This was taken directly from their website: "Our "Dolphin Watch" cruise on-board the M/V Double Sunshine introduces you to the families of dolphin that live in Naples Bay and the inner Gulf of Mexico. Along with watching dolphin play, this 1.5 hour cruise includes sightings of local wildlife, views of magnificent mansions and the interesting history of Naples Bay, Gordon Pass and the Gulf of Mexico." Let me break down the facts. 95% of the time was spent on the "views of magnificent mansions and the interesting history of Naples Bay", however, 5% of the time was spent turning around on the Gulf to return back to port, with 0% of the time spent searching for dolphins and introducing us to the "families of dolphins" and "watching dolphin play". It is basically a tour of rich people's homes and if the cruise happens to come across a dolphin, then it is magically a dolphin cruise. This cruise was not balanced in the least. While the tour guide was informative on the houses and local history, I presumed more time would be spent looking for dolphins. The "local wildlife" were birds we passed along the way. Yes, the boat was clean and the staff was friendly. Unfortunately, the cruise was not worth the $32 per person. If you want a Naples cruise, and are interesting in buying one of the houses in the area, I would recommend the trip. If you want to see dolphins? Give it a pass.
The deep water group fishing is absolutely first class. Took my son out and had an incredible time. The captain and mate were beyond helpful, taking care of every need, offering great advice and finding the spots where the fish bite. We've since tried other services here and in the Keys and the Lady Brett is far and away the best of the bunch. Also, have to give high marks to the Sunset Cruise on the Double Sunshine. Great atmosphere, fun trip and again genuinely good staff. They make the trip.
We had the most amazing day fishing with Stephen, myself wife and son Thomas (6yr old) we caught some interesting fish including black and white sheepskin head fish, mangrove snapper.  We also saw dolphins and an osprey.  Stephen was a gripper skipper was great with Thomas and also very helpful explaining how to fish and describing local wildlife.  I couldn't rate this trip more highly Nice job "Pure Naples" See you again soon!
I can not speak more highly of my deep sea experience today through Cruise Naples. Great time, professional crew, attention to detail. Our trip today was fantastic... everyone on board caught multiple groupers, six of which were "keepers" (20-inch+ beasts)... minimal prior experience needed, if any... these guys make it ridiculously easy for you. Dolphins trailed us the entire trip, jumping in the boat wake and hanging around us in general all day. Yes, this isn't guaranteed to happen all the time, and it certainly does scare some of the fish away, but truly adds to ambiance and adventure. All-in, great time, fantastic value. Trust me, these guides are so attentive, they help do absolutely everything for you from casting to baiting to luring and filleting.... even if you have zero fishing experience, you'll have a good shot at bringing home some huge fish with minimal effort. These guys make sure you're enjoying your trip, not struggling or fumbling around. Captain Chad: you rock big-time! I'll be back. Thanks again.
Perfect short sunset cruise for visiting family and friends. The staff is friendly, dressed in uniform and very professional. The boat is clean, has restroom, snacks and a bar. It is two story with inside and outside seating. They have several tours during the day to chose from. Loved:  The best addition since the last trip we took was the piles of blankets they have for you to wrap yourself in, as when the sun sets,  it is surely cooler than people expect Florida to feel like.               Saw lots of Dolphins. DID NOT LOVE:  There is NONSTOP speaking on the overhead microphone giving you some history but mostly too much trivial information on Naples.  PLEASE, can we just enjoy the cruise?  He FINALLY stopped when we got to Port Royal, and then on the way home they played Jimmy Buffet music. TIP:  Look for coupons, found half off on Groupon. As long as you make reservations before the expiration date they will accept it.
While visiting Florida, my friend and her parents and I took a boat cruise on the Double Sunshine boat around Naples. We went during the afternoon and it was a gorgeous sunny day! The boat tour starts out in old town Naples and then cruises throughout the bay. A narrator spoke most of the time, but when we cruised through the mansions, he got off of his microphone and spoke to us. He told us some of the history, where some of the celebrities and old money lived, and then the boat took us out on the Gulf of Mexico. We were only on the Gulf for a few minutes, but it was amazing! We even saw a few dolphins swim past us on our journey. I'd highly recommend this tour if you are looking to sit down and sight-see. It was a big enough boat for around 100 people and there was a bar filled with food and snacks. Great tour and the tour guide was very informative.
Tried out the Double Sunshine last night for my first time cruising around the Naples Bay.  My mother (who we were visiting) somehow found coupons for $10 off which I recommend trying to find.  The boat was comfortable with a bottom and top deck.  It was a cold night, but the company supplied blankets which appeared to be clean and were definitely needed late into the boat ride.   We had a great tour guide who described all of the areas we were passing and was able to point out many different types of wildlife.  We kept referring to him as Bob Barker (as he sounded very similar), but he really did a good job narrating the tour.  The houses were gorgeous and were only exceeded in beauty by the dolphins, osprey, deer, and 4 bald eagles we were fortunate enough to see. We tried to go out into the golf, but the captain decided it was too choppy and for safety reasons, brought us back into the bay for the sunset.  Being someone who doesn't get seasick, I was slightly disappointed, but happy to know that they are worried about people's safety.  The sunset was gorgeous and our captain made sure to sit in a suitable viewing spot until it was completed (we almost missed the final seconds as another boat was trying to move in the way of our view).  Overall, it was a great tour on a decent boat and a beautiful way to watch the spectacular Naples sunset.
Went out on the Lady Brett for some deep sea fishing.  The half day trip consisted of about 3 hrs getting out to sea and back in, and what felt like 10 minutes of fishing.  It was very nice because they bait your hook for you and take the fish off the hook when you catch them.  They will keep the fish you catch for you to take home and cook if you like.  Our captain fell asleep for much of the ride out and back in and I'd venture to guess he and the other guy had a wild night a few hours earlier.  The "first mate" if you will, smoked constantly-chewed between that, and threw a cig butt into the ocean.  A little rough around the edges, but it was a pretty good experience.
I've now been on 3 offerings from this company with a variety of family visitors so I will discuss each experience separately: Double Sunshine - New Years Eve fireworks. This went out in the evening specifically to view the fireworks off Naples pier, and included food and drink. Since it was dark there was no ability to sight see. They did provide "champagne" so that was nice, but there were no hors d'oeuvres left went we went downstairs from the top deck - other people on the top deck complained about the lack of food as well. Double Sunshine - this was a regular daytime cruise, although we were specifically hoping to see dolphins. The crew did not disappoint, and they were able to get 4 dolphins to swim in the boat wake. It really is a lovely cruise if you are interested in homes and some local history. Jetboat Odin - this is a brand new (as of this writing) boat and tour offered by Cruise Naples, but WHAT a disappointment. I had 3 teenagers looking for a thrill type ride, just like the one pictured on the brochure. First, our reserved trip was cancelled due to mechanical difficulties. We had an 11:00 reservation and they told us to wait until 1:00 pm, even though the boat got repaired and did go out earlier. Then, the 1:00 tour left 10 minutes late while they waited for a late arriving party. Early in the ride the boat got stopped by the police after it's first 360 turn and warned about it's "unsafe boating", so the driver had to leave the channel and go to the Gulf, but the choppier water made it tough for him to give us any kind speed or 360 turn. We were told we would get an hour and 15 minutes but we arrived back at the dock on time, despite leaving late. In essence, we got a nice, quiet little ride and a suntan, but, at a hefty $365 for 5 people, we should have stayed on the beach. My advice to this company would be to send a manager or two to the Disney Institute where they could learn a thing or two about customer service.
Pure Naples exceeded my expectations. The cruise was beautiful and the staff was great. We saw many dolphins and captured great pictures of Naples mansions and waters.
Saw the groupon for the dolphin tour and called to reserve. Unlike "J.K" I happened to love the narration, mix of humor, bit of history, and overall atmosphere of the cruise. We saw about 4 dolphins and had one ride in the wake with us. Took a little trip out in to the gulf listening to some Jimmy Buffet. Seeing as I didn't know what to expect, I was overly thrilled with the $34 investment for me and my girlfriend to have a short morning on the water. I would highly recommend taking one of the tours.
As part of a group of 4, I went on Cruise Naples's sunset cruise on the Double Sunshine.  We all had a lot of fun, and thought that Capt Sam and Jeff were great.  They both provided a lot of information concerning the historical, natural, and entertaining sights we passed on the cruise, including the origins of Tin City, where the boat is docked, the Ten Thousand Islands and mangroves, and the mansions in Port Royale.  We were fortunate to also have several dolphins race alongside the ship, jumping and diving, which was a lot of fun to see.  When we reached the Gulf, they switched to Jimmy Buffett music while we all relaxed and watched the sunset.  (Note: we did have one member of our group who is prone to seasickness, so I will mention that the Gulf is the one area you might have trouble; the rest of the cruise is on the river and in the bay, so it was very calm up until that point and during the return to dock). One item to note - I visited the company's website after seeing an ad for it in a tourist magazine I had picked up, and I didn't think it was clear on there that all of the "Cruise" options are the same ride, just at a different time - you follow the same path up the Gordon River to the Gulf of Mexico, viewing any wildlife that appears and the fancy houses that are in Port Royale and the area, and if you take the sunset time, you get the sunset at the end of it.  Just an FYI so you can decide if that's what you are looking for out of a cruise. The company offers coupons in some of the tourist magazines you can get at the airport/car rental places, so that was a nice bonus too!
Lady Brett was a great fishing boat. Yes it is a long ride out to the fishing grounds but once we got there it was non stop action. A great day on the water. Could have some more fishing time or else would have given 5 stars.
Went on a sunset cruise on the Double Sunshine which was pretty fun! There's not really too much to see around that area other than obscenely gigantic homes but we did get to see some dolphins and a manatee. The sunset was beautiful but it did get a bit chilly once the sun went down, so if you go, make sure to take a jacket!
I took my Dad on the sunset cruise on the Double Sunshine to celebrate his 89th birthday.  We had a fabulous time!  There was tons of information from the captain and his crew about the properties along the bay  and the history of the area. We caught fleeting glimpses of a dolphin and a splash from a manta ray. But best of all, Mother Nature rose to the occasion to give us a beautiful sunset.   There is a top deck but we elected to sit in the open lower deck to avoid any additional sun and wind.  Wonderful experience and great pictures were taken.
Very pleasant surprise, I've been on these tours in Ft. Myers, St. Petersburg, and Captiva and this was the best.  Went on the evening tour, dolphins followed the boat a very long time, jumping right next to the boat, heck of a lot of fun, the staff was excellent and knowledgeable, the tour was fantastic in that it also included a tour the mansions of Naples with very informative narrative from the host, I would recommend
This was our second time using this boat rental company.  A year ago we rented a hurricane deck boat and loved it! This time was quite a different experience.  We originally booked our boat for Wednesday.  On Wednesday we received a phone call, an hour before dock time, and were informed that our reservation was canceled due to the boat breaking down while out in the water.  So we decided to reschedule our boat trip for Saturday.  We arrived to find a dirty, unkept boat( cigarette holes in the seats, no radio, a sticky steering wheel, broken door compartments that continued to slam open and closed, dirty, dirty, dirty!, etc....).  We still tried to make the best of this experience beings we just paid $300 for it and we not going to get refunded.  As we left the inlet we noticed that we had no rope.  So we were unable to stop and dock the boat.  Then we decided to eat lunch and anchor the boat...the anchor became stuck on??? Who knows what and we found ourselves stranded!!! We called for someone from the company to come help and waited over an hour in storm clouds with thunder and lighting!  We understood that we were far from the dock so called and expressed our concerns with the weather....we were told we could wait for a rescue or pay an additional $75 for a new anchor if we decided to cut it off for safety reasons.  We then saw the rescue.  He cut the anchor off because (I guess they needed to see in person the conditions) he said it wasn't safe to be out in the water! So we fought our way back to the dock in treacherous conditions, while fearing for our lives! Through thunder, lighting, rain, hail, and high waves.  We had no choice but to drive the boat through these conditions because at this point we had no anchor or rope to stop and get off the boat! What a terrible experience on a piece of crap boat with an incompetent crew! When we finally returned to the dock we weren't even approached to see if we were ok! The main thing is the boat was not worth the $300 we paid for 4hours! It needs to be maintenanced and the upkeep needs attention! NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!
Excellent experience. Whole family enjoyed it. Worth every penny!
Whatever you do, don't book your cruise on the Kudo with Capt. Mike.  He's rude and yells at you if you don't  know how to fish perfectly like him!  He even gets mad at you if the fish gets away!  We had our kids with us and he was really rude to them as well.  Will not be going back to this company unless they get better staff.
