What a great place that was recommended by you Yelpers. I had booked a couples massage and the staff/owner was very accommodative and friendly. We had a great 55 minute massage that cost more than half the price of our resort and it was 5 minutes away. Highly recommend!
My buddy & I decided to have a girls weekend, and wanted to book a spa day. This one came to me recommended by a few people, and I am so glad we went!   We both did the Spa Sampler which consists of an hour massage , plus  25 min add on treatment, excellent choice. We both had wonderful massages and service. And would both recommend Jennifer & Irina. ( This was my first massage ever and Irina was awesome, I was so comfortable and I felt spoiled rotten) The menu is on their website:  spa41.net I can't wait to go back.
This excellent spa clearly needs an updated review, the most recent review being more than a year old.  The range between 3 and 5 stars pretty much sums up the difficulty of reviewing spas - how much you like your spa treatment is going to depend on your assessment as a client of the particular massage therapist who lays hands on you.  Obviously, the ambiance and cleanliness and comfort of the facility itself is important, but really, unless the place is significantly lacking in those areas, happiness is going to depend on the skill and care of the therapist.  And I was absolutely a happy client after two visits to this excellent spa during my two week vacation in Naples just ended. Like at least one of the other reviewers, I chose this spa based on location, and also based on the spa's immodest claim of being the best in Naples.  But, I do have to say, even without having gone to any other Naples spas, I think they're right. I was extremely lucky to have been assigned to Serra, who was absolutely the best.  And I mean the best.  I've had quite a few massages over the years, including at gyms, resorts, and spas.  I've had massages in other countries, including Thailand, a country noted for the excellence of its massage techniques (a proposition I readily second).  Yet I am able to say, without hesitation, that the massage therapy I received from Serra was the best I have ever had anywhere, at any time. It seems to me that the test of a great massage is a combination of the technique of the massage therapist, along with a rapport with the therapist based on a sense that the therapist really cares about you as a client, and cares about the massage leading to a sense of feeling better when it's over.  And did I ever feel better after this massage. Both times with Serra, I booked an 85 minute massage to be followed by 25 minutes of foot reflexology.  We wound up doing the massage, but then spending the last 25 minutes stretching, stretching and then more stretching.  And wow, did I ever feel fantastic when I left Spa 41.  100% true, this was the best massage I have ever had.  This skilled young professional really, really knows what she is doing. On my first visit, it was soon after we had arrived in Naples, and my low back was still sore from that rough combination of a long flight and hauling around luggage.  Plus, I had the usual general aches and pains that tend to go along with age (as in over 50).  And when I left after two hours with Serra, I felt absolutely terrific.  As in no aches, no pains, a spring in my step - it was GREAT.  And so I went again a week later, and it was even better than the first time.  If I lived in Naples, I'd be one of Serra's many regulars. Now, the only other 5 star review I've written about Naples was Chrissy B's restaurant, which just happens to be right across the parking lot from Spa 41.  You can do as my wife and I did - book a two hour massage at 3 o'clock at Spa 41, then just cross the parking lot for a great meal at  Chrissy B's.  One of my favorite days during my two weeks in Naples.
After a plane ride, and since I missed my chiropractor appointment, my neck and back was killing me.  I held off a few days and finally made an appointment for an hour long deep tissue massage. My MIL and SIL came too: one did a 25 minute swedish massage and the other had a 25 minutes herbal wrap.  They both loved their services and enjoyed it very much.   I on the other hand, really didn't like my massage.  I consider myself a "massage connoisseur" - I used to get a massage every couple weeks because of my bad back until I found my chiropractor (aka lifesaver).  Anywho, my masseuse was very friendly and did ask me where I had the most pain.  The massage started off really well.  She had great pressure and gave me a great head and neck massage.  Then she did a bit on my shoulder and my arms and legs.  Then unfortunately it was down hill.  It was almost like she was tired.  Even when she felt the knots in my shoulders, she avoided them and just kept doing the same movements.  It was a boring massage that mainly consisted of "rubbing" then kneading.  Definitely not a deep tissue massage.    At one point, I even asked her to massage deeper - and I am usually not one to tell someone how to do their job.   I would give 2 stars, but MIL and SIL had a great experience.
This place is amazing! I am new to Naples and I hadn't gone anywhere to get a massage so I was a little worried when I started my search to find an awesome place. Sadly, I've had some poor experiences, but thankfully, some great ones too, so  I tried to stay optimistic. I had read the other reviews on here and decided to call. I asked for Serra, a fellow yelper spoke so highly of her in a previous review I figured I'd ask, but she was off for the day and they booked me with Onur instead. (I think that's how he spells his name.) It was my first time having a male give me a massage and I was a little nervous. But, once we met I was totally at ease. He's great! He was very welcoming and kind and gave me a lot of awesome advise on  how to help my back and muscle issues!  He did an amazing job, definitely one of the best massages I've ever had, by far! He was also able to adjust when I asked and adjust to the right pressure! So thankful for that! He also gave me an awesome treat at the end. Very satisfied and thankful for Spa 41 and Onur! I highly recommend going :)
After a long ride from NYC, I just wasn't feeling 100%. Decided to Google a few massage places and after not finding any Groupon or living social coupons, started reading any reviews I could find. I found a few but this place stood out, I don't trust reviews without pictures of reviewers plain and simple, it's deceitful in my opinion. Anyway, walked in after making an appointment for the same day, I was addressed right away and offered a drink (water) and sat and waited for my appointment time. Everyone who walked in or walked out after treatment was treated as professional as you want to be treated. My massage person Amy was very good and discussed any issues before hand. During treatment she was totally competent in her abilities, I felt relaxed and refreshed afterwards. It was worth the reading of reviews and I hope I can pass on a good experience like I had. 4Stars, yes, I had a massage in Dominican republic and this one came close to knocking it off the winner's spot, hench a 4...
My husband and I went there few weeks ago at our Christmas vacation to Naples. We wanted to relax before we hit the amazing beach. My husband made a research at Yelp so he found out about Spa 41. The guy on the phone asked how we found them. bla bla...My husband said We picked them because they're called the best in Naples at Yelp. The guy on the phone replied to my husband with an attitude " We're not only called the best, because WE ARE THE BEST IN NAPLE" Uhh la laaa... Take it easy hon. Anyway we wanted to have 1,5  hours massage $100. So it's $200 for 2 people. You know some places ask you to give a credit card to secure the reservation. My husband gave his Amex Card. The same guy said to my husband that he can make the reservation with Amex but they prefer some other card at the actual payment. EXCUSE ME!!!!!... We have a small business too and we know Amex charges a lot for the transactions and could be costly to the small businesses but if you're receiving $200. You got to shut up. What a weird energy we've got before the massage. We didn't want to make a big deal but we decided to talk to the manager if they bring up this issue again at the payment after the massage. But they didn't. So that's fine. My husband and I were pleased with both of our massage therapists. I highly recommend Onur. He worked on my sore neck so well. He is a professional therapist, It's for sure. 1,5 hours just flew and I wished I asked another 30 mins. He also suggested me some exercises to relax  my neck. I was very pleased. Salon 41 is very simply decorated. It's very clean and quiet. Very reasonable price. Yes, recommended.
I LOVE Spa 41.  The decor is super relaxing and zen like.  The employees are all very nice.  I had a 55 minute massage this weekend that was by far the best massage I have ever had there (and I have never had a bad one). The temperature was just right for the hour I was in the room and the massage table was very comfortable.  Besides being a tad noisy while getting massage oil, my massuse Onur was absolutely fantastic.  Just the right amount of pressure, was very polite and his technique was fantastic.  I highly recommend asking for him if you choose to have a massage there.
The wife and I had massages in different rooms, both of us enjoyed them very much.  Kelly, my masseuse, was extremely professional and friendly with conversation that was very relavant.  Tom, the owner was at the front desk- very polite and friendly.  This spa is clean, convienent and a great place to unwind after a round of golf or a hectic day at work.  The 55 minute massage was $70 plus gratuity.  I would recommend this spa to anyone in Naples!  Tom sent us to Turtle Club after our massages for lunch...a fantastic recommendation!  Keep up the good work!
I am the fiance of the below review and I never do reviews, but this place great. Staff was very friendly and they did great massages as well.  They were very helpful in different areas around Naples to go as well.  We will def go back there now that our baby is 3 weeks old now. LOL  We still have to wait a little longer before she can leave the house.  Thank u again Spa 41
Relaxing setting and great service recommended
