I have petite nails that always look ridiculous when gel is applied to thick.  THANK YOU Peter for making my pink and white look perfect!  Michelle
Worse manicure and pedicure ever.  In addition, got there at 3:30 and they didn't finish until 6pm.  Lastly, 65.00??? Really??? My girlfriend got a shellac and pedicure and hers was 87.00. This is the most I have ever spent and the worse pedicure ever!!! Don't use them or go to them!!!
Getting a manicure at Paradise Nails & Spa was a positive experience only in the fact that it reminded me of why I prefer to my nails myself. I could have done a much better job than what was done to my poor unfortunate nails at this salon. While visiting my friend in Naples I wanted to get a manicure to get my nails ready for my upcoming wedding. I figured they would take care of my cuticles, buff and file to a nice shape and then I could upkeep in the weeks to follow. Oh how wrong was I. Strike 1: the technician over zealously cut my cuticles to the point of making me bleed. He apologized. But blood at a nail salon? Where an infection isn't far away? Seems like that should be avoided. Strike 2: the age of the nail polishes used. I asked for a French manicure ($5 extra) and they use OPI (yay!). However, their OPI was so old it must have remembered the Reagan administration. There was a trail of threadlike polish that would trail the bottle with each stroke. The technician would wipe it away with each coat. Spend the $8 on a new bottle. Seriously. Note: Actual manicure looked fine. My nails were pretty short so he did the best he could. The problem came 24 hours later: Strike 3: the manicure began to chip horribly less than 36 hours after completion. I didn't expect it to last weeks upon weeks like a gel, but I thought I would get at least 3-4 days for my $40. But no. The polish was so brittle the chips were horribly noticeable. Which led me to try to remove it a few days later. Key word try. Strike 4: you would think that if nail polish starts chipping, it would be easy to remove - since it was already coming off on its own. But no. I had to soak my nails in acetone like I had a strong coat of glitter nail polish. Total removal time took more than 20 minutes. Moral of the story? Do your nails at home if you want to avoid #1, 2, 3 and 4. Or just avoid this salon.
Was able to walk right in and had a perfect, relaxing, comfortable pedicure! This is going to be my new go-to salon. Highly recommended!
Best pedicure in Naples!  I found this salon based on other Yelp reviews and decided to give it a try- I LOVED this place.  Super clean, very friendly, and hands down the best pedicure I've ever had.  I've tried four other salons in town and finally have somewhere to frequent.  I couldn't be more pleased with their work.
So happy I found Paradise Nails! I see Ann regularly, and she is very meticulous. The pedicure is always thorough and relaxing. Her gel manicure is precise and lasts at least 2 weeks every time. If you are looking for a clean, relaxing place, this is your spot.
Kevin and Peter and Hanson and Anne were awesome!!! They all paid great attention to detail! I will definitely come back!
Feel pampered every time you visit here.  It's great.  The equipment is modern and very comfortable.  The family owners are polite and cheery, and walk-ins are encouraged.  Waxing is done in a private room, while pedicures have the next level of privacy away from the front doors.  Fees for manicures, pedicures, and waxing are very affordable, so I like to  add a generous tip. When I mentioned my friend's recent experience in Malaysia, my Paradise Nails friends laughed and laughed.  The pedicure fad in Asia is to submerge one's tootsies in a bowl of live fish.  The fish nibble away like indentured vacuum cleaners.  The folks at Paradise said that quality control is tough for  that technique because fish don't know the dfiference between foot massage and nail attack.   So I doubt that we'll be seeing Fish Foot Massage anytime soon in SW FL.  Too bad.  I'd be tempted to turn up just to watch the new contact sport in town.
Wonderful service! Clean, up to date, friendly, quick turn around with the fill, but extremely relaxing pedicure! Great eyebrow wax professionals too
Good place but over priced!
OK pedicure.  Though, the nail technician working on my toes kept answering the phone and taking appointments during my treatment which was quite distracting!  There was also a lot of chatter among staff during my service making me wish I brought headphones.  I will most likely go somewhere else next time.
I really had a great experience here. Came with my mom, first time, for a mani pedi and they accomodated her when her massage chair didnt work and patiently waited while I chose my colors. :) all the other reviews really speak to the quality of the place and the great customer service!
My wife convinced me to try a pedicure with her. It was awesome. Staff was fun and attentive with an appropriate amount of friendly conversation.. Now my feet feel great AND my wife is in a great mood!
A very PAINFUL experience! Never will i Go to this place again!  I had a manicure done and 2 days later I had painful fingertips.  By the end of the week my fingertips peeled.  One fingertip is reddened with some pus.  I called my physician and he diagnosed it with paronychia.  I was told that more likely than not it came from manlpulating my cuticles or the dremel device that they use.  My cuticles and nails before were soft without cracks.  I went today to talk to the manager.  I was told I had an allergic reaction.  To make matters worse while they were discussing this in the back they had a customer come and tell me that I was wrong it was an allergic reaction.  I asked if she was a nurse or physician and she said no.  This customer continued to harasss me even though i asked her to leave me alone. I left the store because this lady wouldn't leave me alone.  I called the store and returned later to pick up what they decided to return to me.  I told the store employee it was diagnosed by 2 physicians as paronychia and was was prescribed a $75.00 antibiotic.  He literally just threw the money at me and said this was all I get.  Customer be warned of chop shops which this is one.
I was on vacation from Miami and needed urgent refill I did Gell and shellac color. The nail weren't the best and my refill was all over my skin other than that it resolved my problem tell I return to Miami to fix them other than that the shellac was great and so was the service Utica and friendly
Always responsive. Good people
It was my first visit here and won't be my last! She did an excellent job on my mani/pedi and really took her time. Great massage chairs, clean place, friendly staff. Must go!
Great service!   Every one was so nice and professional. And they gave me a Free nail art just because it was my birthday!! (^-^)
just had a great pedicure from Peter. He made my feet so soft ........ almost like when I was in my 20's . I will definitly go back!!!
I made a last minute appt. on a Sunday for a pedicure at Paradise Nails. It was a relaxing, soothing experience. The attendant was prompt, courteous and gentle. They provided a beverage and free wifi for my wife and son in the waiting area. It took 45 min and she did a very good job removing the callous areas from my heels. My feet looked and felt so much better. I was very comfortable and would visit the salon again.
I've gone here for several years. The nail techs do great work. My only issue is the entire salon is getting dirtier each time I go in. It needs a good scrubbing  all around and especially the bathroom and nail techs areas!!
I have been here twice thus far.  I had great service by Vansey and was treated with the same generosity by the other staff.  I've had a manicure, eyebrow waxing and pedicure at separate times.  All three services have lasted me for a good long while.  They pay attention to detail.  I would recommend this place far above any other ones that I have been to in Naples.
Paradise in Naples
New in town and looking for somewhere that does a job good as home. This place was far better than the first place I tried in naples. Its on the list to try agian.
Vansey is the best! She has been performing minor surgeries on my feet for 5 years now. If your toes are killing you and you have any ingrown toenails ask for her assistance!
Best place in Naples to go to. Peter did a wonderful job with my acrylics and my French pedicure. My eyebrows also came out great. Definitely coming back here. :)
The atmosphere was friendly, clean, and relaxing. The deluxe pedicure was relaxing and done professionally. The employee who did the pedicure was easy to talk with and made the experience great. My feet are now polished and smooth. I would definitely visit again!
Exemplary service! I've been a loyal customer since the salon opened and have been very happy with every manicure and/or pedicure. Well worth the price for the quality (and cleanliness!) of their work, not to mention the friendly professionalism of the technicians.
Friendly, proffessional, and clean! Passionate about their products and services. I lookforward to each appointment and always recommened to family and freinds!
Best pedicure I have ever had! Pleasant, meticulous, professional!
Very relaxing and clean.  All staffs are friendly and knowledge. I and my husband definitely be back on our next trip to Naples. Paradise is best place in town!!!
