Loved it, and was only 3 minutes down the road from our hotel. Sandbox is NOT a good idea. What a nasty breeding ground for bugs and a place to spread disease. We stayed clear and just hit the swings and grass for a pic-a-nic.
Very nice park concept on reclaimed land with a variety of attractions to it, quite popular, but not so wonderful it's worth a significant detour. The walking trails are clearly the highlight here, as there are paved trails for walkers, bikers, and bladers that circle around parking areas. These are busy and while a bit bland, are pleasant, passing by the little lake and some woodsy swampy areas. The playground is toddler-sized, and for parents of same it is a worthy destination. There's a sand box as well as the usual assortment of modern style playground equipment on a rubberized safety surface. The equipment is starting to show the signs of age and not-great maintenance - plexiglass play items getting scuffed, one of the rider toys is missing, rust on the bolts, that sort of thing, but it's still in decent condition. Plus: a few parent benches around the perimeter (although not nearly enough). The parking is right adjacent to the playground, which is another plus for those with the younger crowd in tow. There's a sort of topiary maze nearby - not really a maze because you can get through multiple paths in the hedges and there's only one entrance/exit - but as a place for hide and seek it's pretty fun to monkey around in for a while. The little lake has koi in its rather murky waters and ducks and geese aplenty, and many people ignoring the "do not feed the wildlife" signs, and consequently the perimeter of the lake is pretty much permanently slicked with goose poop. Watch your shoes and your little ones (and your leashed dogs if you have them) accordingly. Because the park is relatively new, the plantings haven't really matured, so there's still a sort of open feel to the park relative to others in the area; it's not really an oasis as such, since there's plenty of noise from the surrounding roads (and the airport traffic goes right overhead, which can be a plus for the little kids). On the other hand, it's easy to get sun here, assuming the sun is out. There are still large open grassy areas, which was nice for frisbee playing and cavorting about, but they aren't really put up contiguously to the kid play areas, so you have to get up and relocate within the park to move from more structured play to gadding about. There are two large buildings in the center of the complex, near the lake, and one has clean indoor bathrooms. The other is a large lodge of some sort and serves no apparent purpose; it hasn't been open on either occasion we've visited. The website seems to indicate this is a meeting facility available by rental agreement only. There are picnic tables throughout (some marred by the goose poop) and a couple of gazebo-style shelters that can be reserved for occasions. Note: there's also a summer Farmer's Market on Saturdays, 9-2, which we have not visited. FYI/fwiw.
The park is good. I live near by so its my go to park to run/bike. Pros: Big playground for the kiddies. Clean bathrooms. Lots of open space to picnic or play games. Safe area. Long paths, can't get lost either. No rift raft. Farmers market, but its really not worth going for (too small). Cons: Paths are a little narrow compared to other trails I've been on. Two people can take up the path and if you are a bike rider or roller blader or even a runner it can get kinda annoying navigating around those people. Dog poop! The many dog owners that go there rarely pick up their dog's poop. Only new dog owners tend to pick up after their pets. Overall its an above average and safe park.
