2014 EDITION If you choose to attend this year and are in the mood for a Giant and Juicy Turkey Leg, look for Izzy's BBQ close to the adult rides. We attended the fair on Saturday and the place was packed. If you want to buy tickets at a discount, go to Publix and purchase them for $8.00. If you visit the website for the Strawberry Festival, it lists all the Publix' that are selling tickets. We purchased ours at the Publix on Thonotossaa Road near the festival. Our favorite Strawberry Shortcake is located inside the Expo Hall at Alessi's Bakery and it will cost you $5.00 each. They also offer all kinds of Strawberry desserts including Strawberry Napoleons. The last weekend of the festival, the trays of Strawberries go down in price and you can get about 100 or more strawberries for $5.00. They are currently selling full trays for $6.99.
2014 was my first year going to the Strawberry Festival. I was super excited... a festival filled with strawberries?! YES PLEASE. But... no. that is not what it was. First, you have to pay for parking. Then, you have to pay to get into the carnival/fair. If you want to ride any rides, well, you have to buy tickets for those. Hungry? Pay some more money! Oh, you actually want to buy strawberries? Good luck. I only saw 1 stand IN the festival selling them. I bought mine from a stand that was outside of the festival. It is essentially a glorified fair. There are rides, midway games, livestock, an art exhibit, and a lot of shopping & eating. Very little actual strawberry stuff. Not impressed, and definitely won't be going back in the future.
This was my first time to visit the festival. There are a lot of food vendors and more vendors selling varies items. My favorites were the leather vendor (all items are handmade and the tea vendor. The belts are amazing and to add your initial is free. I bought myself a belt, it's sturdy. the tea vendor had at least 15 different teas to sample from. And of course I had to buy myself a redneck wine glass. There were a lot of jewelry vendors, most inexpensive. However, there wasn't anything calling out my name.... So I moved on. During the day, when I got there, there were mostly older heavier people. My friend thought it looked a lot like senior citizen day plus 50 pounds. I probably won't be back next year. Too crowded. The strawberry shortcake did not look appetizing what's so ever. Food/drinks: 1. Lunch: a vegetable bowl which consist of    A layer of rice, beans, lettuce, cheese, and sauce of your choice. I had the mustard curry which was very good if you like curry. I couldn't finish it! I can't remember the vendor name..... chicken something 4/5 2. Crepe: we shared a strawberry crepe. It was good. 3/5. Nothing special. 3.Strawberry Cookie: a very hard cookie, thinking it's suppose to be hard), I was wishing I had some tea to dip it in. It wasn't bad. Would have been great if little softer. 4/5 4. Strawberry smoothie: really good. Enough said. 4.5/5 5. Freshly squeezed lemonade: 3.5/5. Wasn't all that great.
Why 3 stars? Because I find myself asking if I ever need to do it again.   ---   ---   --- I really don't need to see another Strawberry Festival I think. It's basically the fair, but smaller, and you have to pay for parking. It's crowded, full of Walmart people, and the food couldn't possibly be worse for you. I love bad food as much as the next fat kid, but this stuff is like quadruple fried. I feel myself slipping in to a coma as soon as I'm done swallowing. Maybe 10 years ago I could handle it, but not at 29. I think I'm going to officially retire from this game.
After living in Florida all my life, I've been to the Strawerry Festival a few times, and based on all my experiences I've arrived at an "A-OK" conclusion. The festival is a big "to-do" event every year that draws locals and out of towners alike who flock here for greasy, American fair food at it's finest, some rickety rides, a few big name country artist concerts and of course strawberries galore. Last year when I went with my family of about 8, it was a big production to find parking and get inside the gates. A bit of a hassle for sure. I am personally not a fan of any of the rides and wouldn't get on them if someone paid me, but my younger cousins had a blast riding rides until they couldn't walk in a straight line. As far as the food goes, I'm really not a fan of most of the options here, but I did like the fried pickles, which is something I must get anytime I can find them. I was impressed with the wide variety of vendors selling strawberry shortcake, it was hard to decide which to pick. I finally settled on a booth that had some extra yummy looking shortcake and indulged. It was super tasty for sure! Also got a few flats of strawberries to take home and freeze for the rest of the year. They were a great deal compared to getting them at the grocery store. All in all, this is a family friendly event that anyone who lives here should check out at least once, especially if you like strawberries a lot, but it' s not something that keeps me coming back every year in a row.
This was our first experience at the Strawberry Festival. Honestly, I didn't expect much. We have skipped the fair the last few years due to boredom and decided to check out this years Strawberry Festival instead. We picked up our adult tickets in advance at Publix for $8 each. When we arrived we weren't sure exactly where we were going. So, we parked in the front yard of a house for $5. It was about 7-8 blocks from the festival. Not a bad walk and we avoided traffic. The festival was surprisingly busy for a weekday. It was mostly older people. It made it kind of a pain because a lot of the time we were forced to walk at a snails pace...especially in the expo halls. As far as the food goes: it is basically fair food. There were plenty of farms present with fresh strawberries, strawberry shortcake, strawberry milkshakes, strawberry cookies, strawaberry butter and jelly, strawberry tea, etc. The strawberries were definitely there if you looked for them, but they were not necessarily the primary food source. We were honestly not in a gluttonous mood even though we hadn't had anything to eat for the day yet. We decided to split an order of some fried jalapeno cheese about an hour into the festival. The order was huge and they were actually the best thing we had at the festival. We later tried strawberry whip (sort of like a whipped strawberry ice cream) which was pretty good. Lastly, we tried to split a strawberry shortcake. We got it from some church tent inside the Hershey's strawberry tent. It was AWFUL. It was basically a small shortcake topped with TONS of strawberry puree (not at all appealing...where are the fresh strawberries?) and so much whipped cream that it drowned out everything. We were done with festival food after that. We did pick up strawberry cookies and strawberry butter from Parksdale farms and some pumpkin butter and blackberry preserves from another farm to take home for later. As far as entertainment, we were a little worried since we hate country music. Luckily, there was a decent amount to do. We watched a monkey show that was adorable and definitely worth our time. There were a lot of craft booths and vendors to browse. We didn't take the time to see them, but there were magic shows, a game show and some pig racing. The way everything was spaced out at the festival was confusing, but I think we browsed almost everything. We were only there for about 2 & 1/2 hours and we left feeling disappointed in the shortcake, but feeling like we had a good time. We would return again in the future, but probably not for a few years.
A strawberry festival is about strawberries, nothing else.  At least that's what I thought growing up in the north!  We have apple festivals up there and they sell nothing but apple products: apples of all different types, apple butters, apple jellies, apple jams, apple pies, apple dumplings, apple cider, apple infused spices, apple donuts...I think I made my point, if you don't see something that has to do with apples well then you are SOL.   So, what can you do with strawberries?  Different breeds of strawberries, sb pies, sb shortcake, sb jams, sb jellies, sb donuts, chocolate covered sb, and on and on. The problem with this festival is that it only offered a smidgling of what it could have offered with strawberries and strawberry products...instead I got verbally assaulted by state fair carnies leftover from last month's festivities trying to earn their (insert stereotypical phrase here) money for the evening. I didn't come here to buy an inflatable hot tub, a set of insoles for my shoes, or homemade laundry detergent (unless is smells like strawberries).  I came here to taste, smell, touch, drool, and basically walk out of this festival looking like a strawberry!  I am sorry to inform you that I did not.  SO, here's some advice...I got it, these shop spaces are money makers for the owners, but you are missing the point!  The flag salesman didn't even sell strawberry flags, that's what I'm talking about! I liked the live music for any venue (maybe have them shout out some Beatles "Strawberry Fields" or other strawberry-like song).  The variety of strawberry shortcake is exactly how it should be.  Kudos, now make everything else like that!  How about a strawberry jam tasting center where you not only taste the jam, but learn how to make it AND eat the foam from the top of the kettle just before you can it!  Make one of those 3 kitchen pots and pans salesmen demonstrate how to make quick strawberry recipes instead of just preaching about how the first person gets a free meat grinder if you raise your hand now to buy the product!  You see where I am going with this?!  Now let's get out there and do something with STRAWBERRIES!
Where are the strawberries? Maybe I missed something. I had no idea what I was in for. They have tons of food stations that all sell the same food. THE SAME FOOD!!! They can fry absolutely anything. The Carnies' are ridiculously aggressive. Will yell anything to get you to come over, and even be rude. They have toe same 10 games, once again, in 100 different stations. Anyone who can bring themselves to pay $5 to throw three rings on a bottle is out of their minds.   The grounds are dirt - loose dirt. I couldn't believe people showed up in flip flops. I wore flats. I should have worn boots. I wouldn't expect any less from this crowd. First and last time.
This was a lot of fun.  There were pig races, musicians, local food, fresh squeezed lemonade, strawberry shortcakes, kiddie rides, adult rides, and an all around good time.  We went on the first day which was a Saturday and it was packed.  Parking at most places was $10, but there is a church on the main street that had plenty of parking for $5.  You could get right up on the festival for $10, so don't park for $10 unless you are right next to the drop off point.  Great time, highly recommended at least once a year.  Great for kids and family alike. Everyone is really nice.
OK. Strawberry shortcake (DIY! Cake or biscuit! With a volunteer grandma to place a strawberry just so on the top!), strawberry cookies, strawberry sweet tea (god yes), strawberry syrup, strawberry funnel cake, giant glittery strawberry dioramas, strawberries by the bushel, chocolate covered strawberries, strawberry onions, strawberries on a stick. Bananas on a stick, french fries on a stick, s'mores on a stick, all manner of meat on a stick, if you like that sort of thing. Prize-winning moo cows and pigs. Pig racing! Motorcycle shows, weird grandpa puppet shows, lumberjack shows, strawberry cooking shows, music shows. Bluegrass. Fried blue cheese, fried pickles, fried cookie dough, fried tacos, fried Oreos, fried strawberries, fried butter (wtf), fried Pepsi (seriously, wtf). Tilt-a-whirl, big rusty portable roller coaster, human-sized hamster balls in a swimming pool, haunted house, spinning strawberries, strawberry Ferris wheel. Strawberry heaven!
Had a blast at 2014 strawberry festival- Day was beautiful, food from the Butcher boys was great, and the strawberry shortcake was yummy ! Really Enjoyed the rides plus No waiting ...it was a perfect day with family & friends!
A seemingly routine business IAD to TPA trip in Seat 10D turned into an engaging, flight long conversation with Seat 10 F.  Talking of careers to retirement, I steered the conversation near the end of the flight toward a subject that this native Floridian was probably expert, "So what's interesting and unique to the area?" "I grew up in Tampa and we would go to the Strawberry Festival this time of year in Plant City." "Huh?....." One rental car, smoothie, and half a spicy Italian Subway later I find myself turning off the Plant City exit. What immediately ensued was a visual from the eyes of Norman Rockwell.  Dozens and dozens of faceless, two legged, waving posters creating an ocean of dollar signs.  "$3; $3; $3; $3; $4; $4; $4; $4; $5; $5; $5; $5; Park Here... " As if they got a jolt from the Obama stimulus plan, the residents and schools vigorously competed to sell a parking spot on their yard. After paying my $15 admission fee, I stepped out of time into a place that would have been perfect for a James Fennimore Cooper novel.  This had a small town country fair ambience.  With a vigorous half hour walk, you could easily encircle the entire fairgrounds.   And everyone seemed to know each other.   Instead of the sterile, keep to yourself attitude of big town fairs like in Los Angeles, here the cacophony of friends and neighbors discussing and gossiping about their everyday lives filled the air.   This was a scene you would see out of a "Father Knows Best" episode. And of course at this fair....there were A LOT of strawberry everything...shortcake, chocolate dipped, pies, tarts, drinks....including a combination of chocolate, bacon and strawberry.   UNIQUE!!!!   Why 4 stars?    This is pure Americana...merging cultures....middle America, Cuban, Italian, Irish, etc.  This is the comfort food of fairgrounds. From the barkers hawking cookware to the youngsters singing on a grand public stage for the first time with the senior citizens applauding vigorously in spite of the missed notes.  You can see in their eyes how they yearn to be young again but old enough to appreciate the courage of these kids.   Nothing contrived or obnoxious.   Just real people.
I give two star because for me does not nothing espectacular for me . The food was ok but I thought used a natural productos especially whipped cream.
The last time I went to a fair was probably the Los Angeles County Fair when I was in elementary school. I remember not being too excited about it & thinking it was sort of... dirty, but not much else. The Strawberry Festival is what I always imagined a fair was supposed to be like. Crafts, art shows, TONS of carnival rides & games, deep-fried everything, livestock shows, music.... I particularly enjoyed the lumberjacking show (especially because we'd just seen a show about lumberjacking competitions in Oregon on Discovery), & the strawberry iced tea. As we were leaving, we picked up some strawberry bread, preserves, butter (like apple butter), &, of course, half a flat of strawberries. My one regret is that because it was so hot & despite the GALLON of water I must've had, I didn't have any strawberry shortcake! Heat + sugar = sick Sally.
Better entertainment than the state fair! When walking around, I felt like the small county fair had met the state fair.  The exhibits were small but showcased enough that you could spend a couple hours walking around.   The vendors sold the same 'ol fried food, and the rides and games were very similar to the state fair. The best parts....STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE!  It is inside one of the buildings and the line is long but well worth the wait.
I've been here the last few years and it's just like a normal fair except its based on Strawberries.  You can get the best strawberry shortcake here.  It last a little over a week and every day there usually have two concerts one during the day and usually a bigger artist at night.  It's mostly country music.  Last year a went to the Brantley Gilbert and Trade Adkins concerts and they both where great.  This year I'm probably not going to any because I don't have the time.  But this is definitely a yearly thing to come too.  People from all over there US come here I noticed at least 10 different license plates today.  If you are in the area during the festival you should definitely check it out and make sure you get one of the Strawberry Shortcakes they are the best.
It's fun but had to pay to park and entry cost $20 before we actually went in. It's fun and lots if great fatty foods. Yummm
Every spring we make the drive from Orlando to The Strawberry Festival in Plant City. It is by far our favorite of all the Central Florida fairs including the State Fair and the Central Florida Fair. This fair is unique in that it features strawberries! You MUST try the make-your-own strawberry shortcake. You choose your base (cake or biscuit), dole out your berries and whipped cream and top it all off with another strawberry. Delicious!! I liked that the fair had a separate midway just for little ones. The ride workers bucked the typical carny stereotype by being friendly, clean and spoke English! Most of the rides seemed well cared for and safe (as safe as a carnival ride can be). There are tons of vendors selling all manner of fried and fattening fair food. Some of the wildest food items I saw: Fried Butter, Deep Fried Pepsi (I did not try), and a Krispy Kreme Donut Cheeseburger. I did try the donut burger and it was surprisingly good! Not good for you, but good! While your splurging have a Fried Twinkie, they are delicious! If you're into crafts there are lots of various items for sale (many strawberry themed), livestock displays (although not as many as the State Fair), plus free and paid entertainment. All in all it is a great time. Get there EARLY and ride the rides first before it gets crowded. You'll also get a parking spot up front if your there when they open. Check for armband days if you're going to ride the rides and look for discounted tickets online.
The people are friendly.  The strawberry shortcake was not the best I ever had just don't get all the hype.   All four of us found it far to soupy, sweet and in the case of those getting biscuits it was tough and chewy even after soaking in the soupy berry mixture. I threw it away.  Seriously, it should have been far better!!!   Shame on this festival for selling that glop. There are many booths selling typical fair items and food. None of us will return or reccomend. We left after a frustrating hour of trying to justify the $10.00 admission fee.
Why Oh Why did I waste my money to get in here? Oh yeah, my daughter begged to see Hunter Hayes sing & cheer! Other than that, because I love her so I will never return unless she begs to see another show Even then, I think I'll have to tell her NO!
We went here yesterday for a few hours.  Typical fair type event.  We had fun eating tons of bad food.  Can you say deep fried Twinkies?  I died and went to heaven when I ate that.   It's mostly fair food and shops.  They have some arts and crafts displays, but I wasn't feeling it.  Too many people crammed into a small space.   We found a parking spot right away for only half the price of most lots.  We paid $5 but everyone was charging $10.  We parked by a yellow antique shop on the main road.  The fee to get in was $10 per person.  It was definitely an expensive day, a lot more expensive than I thought it would be.  If you have kids, it's definitely fun for them.  You can buy HUGE and I mean HUGE strawberries for around $7 for a TON of them! I would go back here again to spend the day and people watch (the best part).
Think of this as your typical fair times 10309856 in size.  It's got your homemade crafts vendors, carnival rides, really bad for you food, pig races, and music.   The best thing is going for the Strawberry Shortcakes though - a total must!  Go to the one where you can make your own with choice of cake or biscuit, stawberries, whip cream topped off with a fresh strawberry.  The strawberries are so sweet here and I have to be rolled out of the festival.  On your way in or out, you can also purchase flats of strawberries picked that day for $10-14 depending on who you go to. Yum!   Fair warning: it'll be hot with tons of people so do everyone a favor and wear deodorant and sun screen.  Also, the place is really really dusty so I"m not sure if you'll want to wear flip flops. (My feet were SO NASTY when I got home).
What Sarah P. said... spot on. Overall, what a sorry excuse for a festival. This has very little to do with Strawberries. You name something a strawberry festival, you expect it to involve strawberries, Nope! you pay $10 dollars to see obese people riding around on motorized wheelchairs, eating more unhealthy food. Full of lame vendors selling overpriced nonsense. Usual bad fair food and rides that you can find anywhere else. There was really nothing special about any thing i found here. if you want strawberries, meander around the perimeter of the actual fair, or just drive along the side streets. it gets cheaper the farther you get. gross and disgusting. Pretty Dissapointed and will never attend again.
Okay telling my age again. I have been going to this festival for years, since, well, a long time. The great thing about it is when I get to now, it has gotten better and better throughout the years. The Country line up has always been good but coming on for this year is, Mel Tellis, Alan Jackson, Lori Morgan and other greats? Most All tickets are under 50 dollars- and its always great shows for the kids including rides. In recent years I think it beats the Zellwood Corn Festival .OH Yelp-  the pageant isn't to be missed either, its a taste of old local south that has all but forgotten. If you don't believe me as a yelper, go on and check out their link yourselves. flstrawberryfestival.com… I will say that the surrounding hotels really jack up their prices and that is a shame- turn out would be more from the Tampa/Clear Water crowd and the Orlando Metro areas. PS Strawberry's actually do come from Plant City!
very disappointed. the name is misleading. this is basically Plant City Fair, not a festival where products are focused on strawberries and fresh homemade products - yes there is such thing. the setting is that of a fair, you'll eat fair food and awful strawberry shortcake. it is disgusting and gross...80% of the people are obese walking around with greasy food. smokers are everywhere puffin away in the crowd. they should really change the name of this event. we drove down for 3 hours and really should have researched it first. so sorry for the bad review but don't make the same mistake we did.
Four letters could sum up this festival L-A-M-E. We walked around for nearly 3 hours and I just could not figure out what was so amazing. Now I'm not a frequent fair/festival goer, but $5 to park, $10 to get in, and roughly $8-12 to eat any decent looking food just doesn't seem fun to me. That's not even to mention what you might spend if you plan to do rides. I suppose I was expecting there to be millions of strawberries everywhere and hundreds of crazy strawberry flavored treats. There is the strawberry shortcake station, but come on...I could chop up some strawberries, buy a $1 pack of shortcakes and slap some cool-whip on and have the exact same dessert. I think it would be much more fun and interesting if there were rare strawberry things...strawberry pasta, coffee, bread, the possibilities are endless. The kind of stuff that you're really not sure about but will try as a celebration of strawberries. Overall, I was extremely disappointed and probably will not attend again. They might consider renaming this The Plant City Fair, because there is very little that is strawberry about it.
Okay so a fair is a fair unless you've been to the strawberry festival....This was our first time to the sweet tasting extravaganza. We began our tour with the 50's tunes of Chubby Checker. Everyone was twisting and having fun. I couldn't resist the urge to join in myself twisting and laughing. as with most fairs the food was fried and funtastic. My friend had the freshly dipped corndog while enjoyed the freshly dipped fried meatballs on a stick. It was okay but left me wishing i had gotten something else. But when in Rome hey gotta try something new! all in all we had a blast escpecially when we watched Foreigner. The seat cuchions you rent for a buck ($1.00) was money well spent. They put on one hell of a show and the parking was easy to get in and out of. Couldn't have asked for a better time! Thank you Plant City!
I love all fairs and festivals.  Florida sure has an abundance of them. Make sure you go home with a box of fresh strawberries from here.   I have never tasted anything so sweet in my lie. It's about half price than the supermarkets charge.  Many other foods to choose from along with rides and games.   I like this fair for the live stock, also.
I always look forward to this festival. Mainly for the concerts and the strawberry shortcake, oh and the people watching. They always have a great line up for the concerts for a decent price. Lots of locals in the selling there goods. Pig races a must see, so cute. Fair foods (everything you can think of fried), carnival games and rides. Great around good times.
I went last year to the Strawberry Festival. I met Miss Strawberry Festival 2010 and had a great time and ate a strawberry shortcake that I made and it was sooooooooooooooo good!!!! Entertainment is top notch and I hope to go to one of the shows this year!!!
