Server:  Zoraiola & Other Wait Staff Table: 14 Guests Earlier this year I had a random adventure to Casa Real and was blown away by the service, the food, and of course the drinks. I knew I had to take everyone here for an adventure. The following are out of 5 Points.   * (5) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. I originally called in the reservation for 16 people, when Casa Real got my phone call I can assure you they were taken back by it at first, but you could tell they were eager for a challenge. When I got to Casa Real with a part of the party, they asked if we wanted a table in the main room or somewhere in the back, I of course told them that it was fine with whatever they were comfortable with. No point during the night was there any real issue with their service, when we asked for something, it happened. I, we, felt like real guests in Casa Real. * (4) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. I'm going to quote my Random Adventure here: "First and foremost, don't be turned away by the outside. The outside will make you think you're walking into some sketchy place where you may come out with a tattoo or a piercing. Once you walk through the main door you will walk into this restaurant that gives the feel of it being a restaurant." And this still holds true! Please oh please don't judge a book by its cover here! * (5) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks A precursor to the adventure wasn't a fun one, so I knew right away that I wanted to drink... heavily. My go to adventure girl and I decided to order a pitcher of sangria and a pitcher of strawberry margarita, for ourselves and we only shared if we wanted to. Among the food I did get the guacamole dip again, which as fresh as ever. For entrée I went with the molcajete, which is marinated tender strips of chicken, shrimp, and chorizo with sautéed onions, bell peppers, tomatoes and Mexican cactus. (Please look at picture below for this stunning item) The taste is just awesome, I don't know where the cactus was, but I wish I knew where because I wanted to try it for myself. Finally for dessert I went with the cheesecake burrito. All I can say about that is I wish there were more of them, but I have to watch my figure. * (5) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) You will think you're getting a lot, and that's because you are getting a lot for what you're paying for. *  (5) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. Common uniforms. Check. Food presentation. Check. Drink Presentation. Check. Overall Score: 24/25
I absolutely loved this place. I haven't had Mexican food this food since I lived in Arizona. Their rice and beans were delicious, and their salsa was just right. I highly recommend you give this place a try.
Very good! I had a carne combo platter with a T-bone steak, cheese enchilada, rice, beans, and flour tortillas to make soft tacos if you wanted. I asked for medium and it came out bloody, so beware. I had the corona margarita as well. It didn't have the beer holder that regulates the flow of beer into 'rita, so I had to do it myself, but no big deal. The chips and salsa are v. good and they have some real hot sauce on the table. Besides for the stereotypical mariachi music on, this place is pretty authentic, for Upstate.
Our first time here and it definitely won't be our last. Started off with the traditional chips and salsa, I had the chicken chimichanga and my boyfriend had chicken burritos. The rice that came with mine was so good! The atmosphere is very mexican and all of the staff is mexican which really brings it all together. Good size. Good taste. Good price. Well be back!
Since this restaurant had opened, I had been wanting to give it a try, especially since there's not much elsewhere selection for Mexican cuisine in the Capital Region.  As others have stated, the appearance of the restaurant is an updated version of the former Scarborough's restaurant at the same location.  While this place was not packed, they had a steady stream of customers.  Service was prompt and they had an appetizer of chips and salsa very quick.  From the wide array of menu selections, I had ordered the Steak Charro and the serving sizes were quite generous.  One of my friends had one of their combo platters, which was also a filling portion size  I plan on coming back here to dine again.
Really good food! Great service! Definitely going back!
New to an area that is REALLY lacking for Mexican fare, I decided to give this place a shot, as I'd had a hankerin' for some good Mexican food. We went in on a Sunday night around 8pm and were seated right away.. not a huge crowd, but it wasn't empty. I ordered a $6 margarita on the rocks, and while it was tasty, I've had better. Especially for $6, (but hey,.. I'm from Florida. I'm still adjusting to NY prices, ok?). The server was friendly and all smiles. I got the feeling that she was really happy to have us as customers, which is rare these days. The chips and salsa were OK, and we ordered a side of cheese dip, which was pretty good as well. For my entree, I ordered the beef chimichanga. It was crisp on the outside, and served on a plate with lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, guac, and beans & rice. ALL delicious! I don't know that it was the best I've ever had, but it was the best I'd had in a long time. Over all, dinner for three ran us about $55 with the tip, and I was more than happy to pay up. It was a good meal. Great service, good food, but come on.. the margaritas need to be a little bigger! Help a girl out!
My family and I were heading back home on the highway and didn't feel like fast food. Found this place on yelp. There were quite a few people there late on a Sunday night, which was a good first impression. We asked a couple leaving how the food was, am they raved about the food. The chips and salsa were good. Ask for their cheese sauce to go with the chips, it's so so good. their refried beans and rice are out of this world. The chile rellenos are made the way they are supposed to (some restaurants use bell peppers) and it was spicy. the molcajete was awesome. so were the enchiladas. I am extremely picky about my Mexican food, and they get two thumbs up. The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. great place! If we are ever upstate again we will come back!
We really enjoyed our first trip to Casa Real. Although there were a number of people there, the service was excellent and very friendly.  I had the Fajita Nachos which were superb, fresh, and piled high. Across the table was the Burritos Supreme which was topped with very fresh vegetables. The chips and cheese dip were excellent but the salsa was missing something, onions I think. Over all, we really enjoyed our trip and will return soon.
A great addition to the Capital District which needs more Mexican. In a strip mall by Rotterdam Walmarts. Try the cactus dish. The tequila drinks are huge and excellent. Still needs interior work, crowd leaves early. Lunch crowd is still sparse.
We went for lunch on Saturday and were quickly seated and served drinks and homemade chips and a basic salsa. The menu is large has lunch specials offered all week long  the ground beef enchilada was excellent due to the fine textured beef and piquant sauce, the rice and refried beans on the side were proper and copious I also had a grilled steak burrito served with the same enchilada sauce and melted cheese. I'd say it was the best steak burrito I've stuck in my mouth in along time, since living in L.A., I washed it down with a couple Modelos served in a frosty mug. A much needed south of the border meal. Authentic, friendly, fast, and cheap. It don't get no better in Rotterdam
Well it wasn't as good as we had hoped, service was fast and friendly . atmosphere was fine, but even with our meals coming super quick we were disappointed with the plates  . Mine was to come with rice and beans I thought that meant whole beans not re fried ( which were  very soupy )  and the the plate was very wet due to the "salad" that came on it (lettuce tomatoes and cheese)  not being drained well. So both plates were very soggy . I will try this place again, and I will be sure to ask for the "salad" and "beans" on the side.
Had lunch there with my granddaughter.  We both loved our meals.  She had fish tacos and I had the chimichanga.  The rice and beans were very good.  Chips were thin and crisp, salsa could have been spicer.  Shared a cheesecake borrito.  Filling was very creamy outside was crisp.  Served with 3 big scoops of ice cream.  Prices were very reasonable and waitress was very nice.  Will definitely go again - soon.
Casa Real is the best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to, although I have never lived out west so may not have as much as others to compare to. I've  tried the chimichanga and the chicken fajitas, which were good, but I always go back to the enchiladas suizas. They are delish, with refried beans on the side, and tasty verde sauce over three corn tortillas wrapped around shredded chicken.  Along with the free fresh made chips and salsa, you leave full for a very reasonable price. What more could you ask for?
Had a craving for something different me and the hubby decided to try Casa Real Mexican Restaurant. The appearance of the restaurant is similar to it's former life as Scarborough's but with some fresh paint and a change of decor. The menu was quite size-able and it took a few minutes just to read thru all of the options. We decided as the waitress approached the table to get some nachos just to get the food flowing as we decided what else we wanted. The nachos were very plain just some white queso sauce ground beef on one side and refried beans on the other - althout I would have preferred more toppings like lettuce olives etc, the taste was simple and good. My husband ordered the steak fajitas special which came out sizzling and impressive but the hot plate dried out the meat too soon for our tastes. My chicken chimichanga was very good and moist - could have used a bit more flavor to the meat - was hoping for a little heat which there was none. An order of friend ice cream completed our meal which was a good ending to cool off our impending heart burn lol. We left full and satisfied with intent to return again to try other things. The bill was not a shocker and the waitstaff seemed attentive and to work as a team so we did not wait long for anything. Will definitely be back.
I had the mojarra fish and all I can say is WOW!!! Awesome meal. My wife had the chimchanga and she said it was good. Overall we loved this restaurant, we will be back.
My son and I were impressed with the food quality here. He had a burrito and I had chunks of steak in a spicy sauce. Cant wait to go back.  Service was very friendly and helpful.
Great service, great food. We will definitely be back. The lunch plates were a great deal, and good portions too.
Sunday night, a handful of customers. I order 2 Chimachangs a la carte and a burrito from the waitress. A guy brings the food. he brings me 1 Chimachanga. I told him that I ordered 2. He apologized and said he would get me another one right away. 20 minutes later I asked the waitress and she said, "oh no you didn't." I said that I did and that I told the man who served me and he said that he would bring another. She said defiantly that she had told him no, do not bring it. I said but I ordered it. She was really mad now and flipping her head back and forth saying oh no you didn't! I again told her that I did order it. She then asks, so do you want it or not? I said yes I do. 3 minutes later she slams it on the table and stomps away. the tortilla was still uncooked, the first one was fried nice and crispy. We finished our meal and sat for 10 minutes as she kept ignoring us as punishment. Finally she came to the table and asked if we wanted the check. I paid the check. She got no tip and Casa Real lost a customer today. 11/25/2012. What kind of waitress makes a customer feel like this? You try to support local non corporate businesses and get treated badly. I will never return.
After reading some of the reviews, I'm wondering if people were in the right place. If you're up for real, homemade, delicious Mexican food, this is the place for you!  I've been here countless times and I've never been disappointed. I'm a huge fan of the Nachos Supremos with a side of guacamole. The nacho chips are crisp and hold up to the beef, chicken, cheese and veggies. The plates of food are enormous so be prepared to bring some home. The cheesecake burrito is beyond words - sinfully delicious!! Clean, bright and the friendliest waitstaff - if you don't know what something is, just ask. They are always smiling and willing to explain. My suggestion - try it once - you will not be disappointed!!
I generally read a lot of reviews and write very few.  And, having been raised in a commercial kitchen, I am tolerant of many shortcomings because not every meal will meet every expectation.  I'm sorry to write a negative comment here but I don't want someone else to experience what we did. I cannot begin to express my disappointment in our meals.  This was, hands down, the worst Mexican food my family has ever eaten. Between the four of us we had a wide cross-section of their menu- it was all terrible, salty, bland and tasted like it came out of a can. I never knew a taco salad could be made poorly. Guess what?! It was a soupy mess and we sent it back.  Overall, we tried five lunch entrees and did not finish any of them because they were that bad. We tried a margarita and left it, unfinished, on the table! The whole meal was awful. The front of the building is sketchy looking and I thought I should never judge a book by the cover and went for it. We found the dining area to be squeaky clean and our waitress did a good job but, the food is shameful. Summary: Save your money and make tacos at home.
Been multiple times for lunch and always was extremely satisfied. My favorite so far is the huevos con chorizo. Free chips, good sized portions, good price and nice servers. One of the best places in town
Mexican restaurant, tucked in a partially defunct strip mall, truly delivers! Atmosphere is not the greatest, but it is clean, the food more than makes up for it. I enjoyed the enchilada suluzas packed with chicken breast pieces and topped with a green chili/cream sauce. Beans and mex rice also very tasty. A side of Guacamole was also ordered for the table to share. Tasty, albeit a bit salty. Dining partners ordered nachos and chicken chimichanga. All were pleased. Only four star rating because of the salsa... Tasteless and needs definite  improvement. For a bare bones, inexpensive  tasty Mexican meal, this IS the place for NY State!
Great place for great Mexican food. Good atmosphere, good staff and good food. One of the best Mexican places in the area.
Its a simple little mexican place. The food is decent. what we really appreciated was the service. We had a nice older waitress who didn't speak the best English but she was so good to us.  It was the first time we took our 7 month old out for mexican. She was having trouble with the pre-meal chips so the waitress brought her crackers. The lady was very attentive to us and seemed to enjoy watching our daughter experience new foods. At the end of dinner she gave her a moraca that was a promo gift from one of their tequila vendors. The kindness was very much appreciated.
Wife and I been here 4 to 5 times.   Great tamales and tacos.  The flautas were amazing, not to mention the magaritas. Best mexican food around. Fantastic staff as well. Definitely go back.
I stopped for lunch at the new Casa Real Mexican Restaurant (former Scarborough's), which is located in a small strip plaza across the parking lot from Wal-Mart. I arrived here around 2PM and was seated immediately. The atmosphere inside is very casual with table and booth seating and a small bar area. The place was remodeled a bit in an attempt to reflect a Mexican style cantina atmosphere with light orange painted walls and arches and colorful artwork decor on the walls, though much of the rustic unfinished wood trim still exists from the former Scarborough's (moved to Latham). As for the food, the menu offerings include the standard Mexican dishes (tacos, burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, chalupas), salads, appetizers, fajitas, steak dishes, chicken dishes, seafood dishes, fish tacos, paella, and plenty of Mexican specialties to choose from. Lunch specials (daily until 3PM) $4.99-$9.99, combination dinners & vegetarian combos($9.99) are offered. Most dinner entrees $9.99-$16.99. Coke products are served here. I was given a basket of warm corn tortilla chips (crispy) and salsa (mild thcker tomato salsa) which were good. For lunch, I ordered the Special Lunch #2 Burrito (chicken), Mexican rice & refried beans ($5.49), which arrived to my table hot in only 5 minutes flat (faster service here than some Taco Bells I've been to, which is a complement). The amount of food was very good for the price. The chicken burrito had tender shredded chicken, peppers, onions, & tomatoes rolled in a soft flour tortilla covered with a red Mexican sauce and melted cheese. The Mexican rice was soft and fluffy and had small pieces of carrots. The refried beans were soft with a very smooth texture and not salty. In all the food was delicious and I was full between the entree and the chips and salsa. I declined the offer for dessert (fried ice cream, flan, churros, sopapillas, cheesecake burrito). For the most part, the service was very prompt, receiving my drink and meal in a very timely manner, but it did take a few moments to receive the check after I was finished eating lunch (one waitress and the manager covering the dining area). NOTE: $1 surcharge added to takeout orders. NOTE: At the time of this review, the liquor license for Casa Real was pending, but they expect to receive approval very soon. Beer, wine, tequila, sangria, and margaritas will be served. Margaritas on the Rocks on my next visit!
Amazing menu selections!  There is the traditional chimichanga and burrito entrees but turn the page and you find unique options that will blow both your mind, and tongue.  We ordered the paella and molcajete.  Both were to die for.  The waitress was very polite and attentive and the owner even came out to meet us and ask about our meal.  Best Mexican meal ever!
Had been watching the space in the plaza with the "Coming Soon" sign for a while.  They opened two weeks ago and I've been there twice and haven't been disappointed.  From the great salsa (authentic, tomato base with some heat) to the Burrito Suiza, it's all good.  Oh... the caso???  Do die for... Very reasonably priced, too.  $40 for three of us for dinner.
Service was friendly and fast. Food is decent, we had Camarones a la Diabla and Beef Fajitas. However it was more like Mexican inspired food and Tex-Mex instead of real Mexican food, reminds me of another Mexican restaurant called Pancho's in Troy. They do not serve Mole and they serve flour tortillas instead of corn tortillas. I like the piñata decorations of this place :)
Don't let the strip mall location turn you off... This is excellent Mexican. I've been here 3 or 4 times and it has been consistently very good. I've had fajitas as well as combination plates. The food was well prepared and portions are large. I have a pretty healthy appetite and I was not disappointed. The refried beans are excellent and not too greasy. I hate to know what they put in the Mexican rice because its probably not low calorie, but it may be the most delicious rice I've ever had. Free chips and salsa are served when you sit down, but I always ask for the fresh guacamole... It's worth the few extra bucks. Service is fast and friendly. And the prices are very reasonable. For under $10 you can get a great lunch.
I heard the chimichango was delic so I had to order this. It was so good and smothered in cheese. Yummy. The rice and beans were just as good.  The chips and salsa were also good and kept on flowing. Even the guacamole was great.  The only downside to this place was the service, very slow service. I would come back here again.
Salsa you say?  How about strained canned tomatoes with a few drops of tabasco.  And it goes downhill from there - bland, flavorless, poor excuse for Mexican food.  For those of you that don't know what Mexican food is supposed to taste like, I guess this would be your place - but to those that are from the Southwest or know Mexico, you will immediately realize that this restaurant wouldn't survive a month back home.  To top it off, I was overcharged by about 20% on my bill - when pointed out, I was brought a new bill - without an apology for the initial overcharge.  Bad way of doing business - they won't be getting any more of mine. Would give it zero stars if possible.
