I have been here a couple of times for Bob Dylan, NIN and a couple other shows.   The grounds are always clean as are the bathrooms. The event staff is usually nice and you really can't beat being able to lie out in the grass and take in a show. Drinks could be a little more reasonable. $23 for two beers, and $17 for a call double is a little ridiculous.
I have a love/hate affair with the Florida State Fairgrounds. The location is pretty central to most of the Tampa area. If you don't get stuck in I-4 / 275 traffic, then it is relatively easy to get to. The Fairgrounds are rather large and capable of hosting a variety of events including the State Fair, numerous concerts and special events like Food Truck Rally's. My biggest gripe with the Fairgrounds is the parking situation. They often make you drive past numerous gates all the way to the back of the fairgrounds to the main entrance to get in. I understand that they are trying to keep traffic from backing up onto I-4, but sometimes it is unnecessary and definitely a pain. Traffic could be so much easier getting in if they would use multiple entrances. There are TONS of spots, but they can be so hard to get to. Often we end up parking a mile away from wherever we are going and walking past tons of empty parking spots. Another downside is the "parking spots" are basically free form parking in fields. When it rains, it gets muddy and gross. You also get drenched in rain and covered in mud trying to get to the covered amp if you are there for a concert. I love the Fairgrounds and spend a lot of time there, but it is definitely in need of some improvements...mainly in the parking area.
I've been to the fair grounds for several events now.  It is fairly large but events are hit or miss. When they have the state fair, it gets very crowded but it is spread out.  Some events have free parking and other times you have to pay. The tampapalooza was pretty lame as it was more vendors than anything else. More geared towards younger kids with bouce houses and face painting. There is one guy directing parking and looked like a carny leftover.
We are big fans of the Florida State Fair held at the Fairgrounds every year. The space is huge and the amount of walking you do is enough to keep you in shape, at least for that day. There are countless food vendors, rides, games and so much more. This is not a Gourmet food event, this is a greasy fried food event. These are the foods that your doctor tells you to stay away from but they definitely hit that craving you long for. Everything from Turkey legs to Fried Butter and there's not much you won't find. I am a big fan of the Lemonade stands and for $5 you get a big container of your favorite lemonade. Don't forget to try the Strawberry Lemonade from Netterfield's, one of the best! The prices are not as cheap as you would imagine but it only comes once a year so why not. For the rides, they have select days that you can buy an armband for unlimited rides and that will run you $30 if you buy it there. You can find them for $25 at select locations around Central Florida before the fair. Walgreens usually sells them but only at certain stores. Parking is always free. If you are visiting on a weekend, forget about trying to get there off the main exit off I-4 (US 301). You will spend an hour or more just waiting in an endless line of cars on I-4. They have multiple entrances so do your homework. We always take the MLK exit and take that to Orient Road and go in the back way, a lot less traffic and parking is just as big as the main lot on US 301. Towards the back of the Fairgrounds, you will find the Livestock. You can see the best Florida has to offer when it comes to Cows, Pigs, Roosters, Rabbits and other barnyard animals. They even have Twiggie the Giraffe that eats carrots all day. You can purchase the carrots and feed it to him for $1.00, its a good place to take as many pictures as you want. They have competitions that run pretty much all day and its entertaining for those folks that enjoy that sort of thing and for kids. You can pet most of the animals which will make kids happy. They have hand washing stations at every animal location so they do make it very sanitary. Be very careful with the Carnival Games, these guys can be very convincing and sucker you out of money, I learned my lesson years ago so I stay away. Don't fall for the free throws or free chances because nothing is free! You will find most of the games near the rides which are pretty much all in one large section of the fairgrounds. The crowds are huge as you can imagine. If you go during the week, its a lot less full but on weekends, jam packed. The lines go pretty fast if its full. When it's empty, they will allow you to ride multiple times if you want without having to get off. Your kids will enjoy that but good luck getting them out of there. In terms of the safety at the fair, I have always felt safe. They have a large presence of Hillsborough County Sheriffs and they are visible pretty much everywhere. They serve beer at the fair but you don't see too many beer stands and I think that's a good thing. If you are going to drink, it's not cheap, $8.00 for a cup of beer. I think that keeps problems to a minimum. If you have never been to a fair, this is one of the ones you should consider. It offers up a little bit of everything and in the end, you and the family will have a good time.
We went to the Fair this past season.  There were plenty of food booths but we noticed they kept repeating.  Thus there were not as many items/choices as you would initially think.  Oddly, some places had the same items  priced differently. Loved watching the horses.  Plus other livestock.   Thought the woodworking on display was amazing!  Disappointed in most other things at this fair.  Truly not much innovation going on here.... I was thinking I might be unfair so I asked a few friends.  We have all been to The Big E and some to the NYS Fair etc., we all agreed for such a large and amazing State Florida disappointed with this Fair. I want to love this Fair because I love Fairs and Florida!
I've been here before but it was a very long time ago and it was for an event at the Expo Hall only. This time I'm at the actual Fairgrounds for the World's Largest Food Truck Rally! An epicurean's delight. The lines to pay the $6 parking fee were out to 301 but they were running everything smoothly. The parking attendant directed me where to park and I had no problem w/that at all. The fairgrounds itself is quite large. Too large it seemed for this event. Half way around the grounds and we were sun burnt and exhausted with only a small sampling of trucks in the back to choose from. Everyone was quite nice and the grounds itself were clean as well as the restrooms. (imagine that?) It was a comfort to see the Fairgrounds had a few shaded areas that were covered with picnic tables to eat on. I'll be back and maybe check out the actual fair!
Why 3 stars? Because it's Jekyll and Hyde.   ---   ---   --- On one hand, I'm quite fond of the fair. I really like coming here, and even though I've only lived here 6 years, it's sentimental to me. On the other hand, the parking situation is nothing short of a travesty here. I recently visited the Funshine Music Festival, and was basically sitting still in my car for 20 minutes after backing out of my spot. Why was the traffic so jammed up? You'd think there would be a team of parking attendants on-hand to prevent this, right? Nope, just a single hillbilly yokel with a wand in his hand, attempting to (poorly) direct three different flows of cars. How does this happen? Similar situations have occurred when leaving a concert at the Amphitheater. I don't know how it's never addressed, but it definitely lowers the quality of the experience.
Some girlfriends and I made the road trip to see Maroon 5/Kelly Clarkson in concert. We had a wonderful time. The acoustics were amazing compared to what we are used to at the Amway in Orlando. I would gladly make a trip again for someone super worthy but hoping thy make some changes in their planning and procedure for future events! Now for the gripes: 1) We had VIP passes. There seemed to be no real communication on where we were supposed to park. For the amount of money we shelled out it really was unacceptable. We ended up parking in the field with everyone else. 2) Back to the VIP gripe, I don't understand why we weren't let into the fairgrounds earlier than regular admission. We were essentially first in line at security checkpoint but had to wait. Then out of nowhere, throngs of people were running and crowded up behind us pushing and trying to cut line. It was very aggravating and not the "VIP" experience we had in mind. 3)Last but not least, the amount of time it took to exit the area after the concert was UNACCEPTABLE. They need to take a clue from Orlando and hire cops to direct traffic . We waited approx 40 minutes in stand still traffic before we actually got the hell outta dodge. There were no clear lanes so people were being cut off. Thank goodness I had enough gas in my car!! Overall, the bad didn't outshine an amazing concert.  Hoping for a smoother experience next go around!
They have many activities here at the fairgrounds. The parking is ample and access is fairly easy. There is plenty of space here for indoor and outdoor events. I have been to home shows, RV shows and a few other events here. They are always fun.
The food truck rally this year was much better!  How they organized the paths made better sense and there weren't random spots with no food trucks.  How they set it up also made it feel less crowded.  Kudos to the planners,  I will go back next year!
Dude, seriously... you'd think that the State Fair would hire people who know what they're doing. Obviously it's lowest bidder time. I just had the pleasure of attending the Funshine Music Festival on opening day.  Getting parked, no big deal.  Getting in the gate? HOLY MOTHER OF MOSES! And worse? Getting OUT of the place.  I nearly got hit twice because of the doofus "directing" traffic, didn't have a clue what he was doing. He'd guided me, and then guided another car almost directly INTO me. It's not just for this event stuff like this happens, it's every time I come to the Fairgrounds. Even the vendors who were running the booths out on the midway couldn't decide what the price of water was. In one booth on center line it was $4.00 and the next one beside it it was $2.00, both run by the same company. *face Palm*
Florida State Fair Review: Awful time getting in, but it was pretty cool once inside. Parking is free, which is awesome, but you can end up parking pretty far from the entrance.  DO NOT BRING ANY FOOD OR DRINK.  They are really draconian about that.  I had a water bottle that I bring with me everywhere and they made me go back to my car to put it away (note: we had parked really far from the entrance).  I originally thought that they do not allow drinks, because they don't want any alcohol inside.  However, I offered to empty my water bottle, because I didn't want to walk the huge distance back and the lady told me that I wasn't even allowed an empty water bottle.  This was a huge pain.  It is obvious they want to milk every dollar out of you for food and beverages. After making the trek back and forth from my car to dispose my water bottle, one of the two tickets would not scan.  We bought them online and printed them, but one of them wouldn't scan.  We stood there as the woman tried to enter the code and continued to mess up three times.  On the forth try, another woman worker at the entrance came up and told her that she should just let us go, since this wasn't our fault.  Thank god for that other woman, or else I'm sure we would have been standing there a lot longer.  All that being said, I entered the state fair being extremely irate. This fair is huge.  There are a ton of food vendors, but many of them are repeated throughout the fair, so there is less variety than it appears.  By the end, I had a philly cheesesteak, steak on a stick, chicken on a stick, and kettle corn.  Obviously, you go here for the food. I also got to see a circus performance.  I think that made the trip worth it.  The performance is free and it was a pretty professional show.  However, people line up almost an hour before to get a good seat.  We got there about twenty minutes before the performance and got in no problem and still got a pretty good seat.   There were tons of other entertainment going on, but none of it seemed worth watching.
This place is huge and hosts many events here. Concerts are great but parking is a bit obnoxious and make for a long walk. Ag-venture and cracker country are great field trips offered to schools that are top notch! The fair, graduations, gun shows and more are hosted annually here, I love the central location in town. It is difficult to get out on the mlk section. The Charles lykes arena is available for rent- we attended a Crossfit competition here and it was a perfect place for such an event. The facilities are nice but with huge crowds they become harder to maintain bathrooms and such. Oh well- lots of great reasons to come back! So see ya next time!
Mooo cows and pitbulls and a guy who said he'd be my valentine.   "Cracker Country" filled with men who can build a house with hand tools and no nails, and process sugar cane, and women who can cook, play the fiddle, and sell kettle corn. Oh, and all that Carney junk like spinning rides, games, and fried butter. What's not to love? Tip: $10 buys admission with no reentry save for a 20 minute to the car and back jaunt.
No fair beats the NYS Fair with it's big ol' wine court, state fair chicken (Baker's Chicken Coop y'all!), and dairy barn with the giant butter sculpture and desserts so good you'd kick your mother for one.  Still, the FL State Fair is pretty fun.  I was shocked that we were not charged for parking which was convenient, quick, and right off the highway.  There was a lot to see and we took every chance to see all the animals.  I saw breeds of cows I had never seen before (Guernseys, Jerseys, and Holsteins are prevalent in New York state which is #3 in the country for dairy production), adorable rabbits (we got to pet them too!), pigs, horses, and even dogs (we also got to pet them).  Especially cool was the "DiscOnnected K9s" which was a really cool show of rescued border collies do some amazing frisbee tricks.   There was a nice variety of foods with all the typical fair "fare" as well as your obligatory swamp food (gator).  We got lobster rolls and crab quesadillas that were awesome.  The red velvet funnel cake is not all that special though.  There were plenty of places to sit and rest, grab a beer or wine, and also a lake in the middle that the kids could take a paddle boat for a spin.  All in all, quite fun for $12.00 at the gate.  The people watching is priceless and for the best views, stay after dark when the real characters come out from under their rocks.
I've visited the fairgrounds for the Tampa Bay Pet Expo (two years in a row now), the Florida State Fair, the Tampa Caribbean Carnival and probably a bunch of other things. Ultimately, what is great about the Florida State Fairgrounds is that this place is HUGE - so multiple events can go on at one time without hindering each other. Since this review is for the fairgrounds and not any event itself, I'll just say that overall they have a good system. Big expo halls, lots of land, covered picnic areas, friendly staff, and ample parking (though I would drop a pin on your phone when you park, I have lost my car several times since there is so much land and there are no real markers). It seems like they also have a wide array of events here; for example, on the same day of the Pet Expo, the adjacent expo hall was having a children's expo and a fossil expo. Not big on being around hundreds of kids, but if I had not had my dog with me I would have definitely checked out the fossils. Being able to bring my dog inside the venue was great, by the way. I like that the fairgrounds allows for this type of event. I will definitely be back at the fairgrounds for the next random adventure that piques my interest!
The Florida State Fair is held here once a year and during that time you can grab some delicious fair food, ride some rides that don't feel safe but will be lots of fun, and participate in other fair festivities that Tampa Bay seriously lacks in during most of the year. When I lived in South San Francisco, there were always fairs in town, but not the case here. We have the Florida State Fair and the Strawberry Festival and that is pretty much it. I love fairs though, they are so different from what you can regularly do in town. The state fair does attract some rough crowds, but if you come with a big group of friends you'll get past that and have a great time. The fairgrounds also hosts many graduations, including my own high school graduation, and is a decent place to have a graduation.
Nothing to really write about . I just feel that u should not change for everything sometime especially when it's a school event. Changing for graduation is a little much when students are preparing for collage.
This fairground is used for so many things from concerts to circuses, to reptile shows and food truck rallies, and of course the fair. It houses the amphitheater, as well as a convention center type building, along with a lot of land. I must say, I've never been here for the actual fair, but I love this place as a concert venue. Getting in and out can be tricky, but everything is always very well organized. I actually had my college graduation here in 2000 when the USF Sun Dome was under construction! Nice multi-use location. Parking can be tricky, and traffic backs up getting in and out. Plus side of that is you don't pay to park at most concerts, but be prepared to pay at other events.
We went there for the 100 Food Truck event & it was not good... Too many lines & a lot of vendors were closed trying to cook more food... needs better organization & more trucks to accommodate the large crowds, each lines had an AVG of 25+ people in the Florida sun, one place had a 30+ min wait for cheese steak sandwich! Ive been to philly numerous times & the lines move very fast...
We went to Luke Bryan concert last night,to get into fairgrounds was a nightmare:( waited 11/2 hrs. On off ramp to get into fairgrounds:( Got to gate & ONE LANE open,yes ONE LANE:( Missed Fl./Ga. line ,thank goodness they did a few songs with Luke or wouldn't have seen them at all:( I think fairgrounds need to hire some  one for direction & guidance into concerts! The concert itself was amazing what I got to see of it,listened to Fl./Ga. Line as we were on off ramp!!
I came to the gun show here and it was pretty cool, but the fairgrounds are trashed.
Been here a few times. This last trip was the Tampa Bay Pet Expo. It was smaller than the previous year, so it was just all right. If you are looking for something all about your pets, this is the place. It's nice that they always have some types of expos here for whatever tickles your fancy. Parking is easy, but there is always a parking fee, boo. That's okay.
Florida State Fair 2013 was my first time visiting the fairgrounds. Great location and plenty of parking. The fair has so much to offer.  From wacky foods like the crispy cream burger and chocolate covered bacon to new gadgets like sound activated T-shirts. Plus a chance to see some unique animals and more.  Got to love it!
Yayyyyy! Florida State Fair!
a great place to see what a real country fair is all about.  you can't bring in food, but there's more to eat than you'd probably be able to sample in one day.  Fried Candybars and Fried Butter - YES.  this is a yearly tradition in my family and the candy apples are always gigantic.
Had a wonderful time at the Fair!  Lots of great food and entertainment.  A great value for the whole family.
me and my wife came here for the hundred truck Food Festival it was okay the problem I had was they made us walk all the way to the back of the park after we Park in the front it was a hundred and fifty degrees out there were thousands of people there and just really not that well organized we came we saw we left probably won't do it again only because of the heat in the distance we had to walk everything else was fine
The Burger with Ice Cream seemed like it might have been fun to try but it was a bad idea! Should have gone with the fried Oreo s & Reese's.
That time RV show.  Wow. My first time go there.  Fun.
