I was anxious to try the new restaurant in the old location at the Lakeland airport.  It is a premium view restaurant, sitting over the tarmack on the second floor of the airport building. (Elevator access as well as stairs).  The music was pleasant background, not disruptive to conversation. That alone is a five-star feature. The hostess sat people with the finest seats first (without asking).  It was a wonderfully positive entrance to the new place. I would like to know who "Hallback" is, he's off to a great start with new innovation to an old place.  I was presented with a great, lavish 3-page menu.  The waitress had my drink immediately, was very attentive but not invasive and had a great attitude and smile.  She also knew her menu well. The decor is cranberry and navy with dark green thrown in.  Model & RC Airplanes hang from the ceiling, a giant mural is on the wall, booths and seats are premium quality. The room is spacious and inviting.  Interestingly, there is LOTS of Buccs memorabilia on the walls including autographed photos with personal congrats from peeps like Ronde Barber and Mike Singletary, leading me to believe the restaurant is related to former Bucc Robert Hallback. I began with a salad with champagne vinaigrette.  The dressing was well-balanced and the romaine-based salad was generous and fresh.  My entree was a bbq sandwich.  The restaurant boasts "best in town".  I found it a great sandwich.  The pork was flavorful and  moist, the bun was soft. It came splashed with a largely catsup flavored BBQ sauce with just the right amount to be tasty but not messy. (Personally, I like more of a bite and wetter.)   It came with a side of cole slaw (even tho my selected side was the salad), probably to honor those who like slaw on their bbq.  It was a good slaw (not as good as Catfish Country) but with a hint of seasoning I did not like (maybe dill?)  The meal was filling but not stuffing. Entrees (and appetizers) run about $10 ($15 if you want two sides).  The day's special was meat loaf but they were sold out by my arrival at 12:30.  Lobster bisque is always on the menu.  The fish dishes looked heavenly. Sides included dirty rice, oatmeal, rice pilaf, asparagus, fruit and ran about $4 as ala carte items. They had a list of $10 yum salads like "Lakeland Citrus Salad" with raspberry vinaigrette.  It is open odd hours, like 11 to 3, then again for supper and evening hours. What would run it to five stars for me?  A fancier type of bun, more consistently sized pork pieces, a dill pickle!  I did catch the flavor of fish on two of my bites--leading me to believe the food handler was flipping someone else's fish while also fitting my pork into the sandwich (hopefully with a glove. ha)  That's a big NO NO.  I didn't see a dessert list.  The booths have headsets and a box with dials but no invitation to use them nor suggestions as to how.  I imagine it connected with the air control tower and would have been fun to listen.  I also think a nice touch would be Germ-X hand-wipes at each table.  The restroom is not nearby and this would help present cleanliness and "class act" to patrons. I won't hesitate to bump it a star with another great visit.
Lakeland Airport is one of my occasional stops when I'm flying since it has the convenience of this on-airport restaurant. On my last trip through Lakeland, I was surprised to see that the Earhart's name was gone and Hallback's was in its place. Oh well, I like an adventure :) The restaurant looked pretty much the same as before and appeared to have some of the same staff. The menu is pretty simple and will satisfy the average pilot looking for the "$100 hamburger". (Not the cost of the burger, just the cost of the AvGas to get there). We had the additional treat of live entertainment during our visit: a duet singing some Motown and 70's hits. The clientele appeared to be mostly local residents instead of pilots. There were only two planes parked in front of the restaurant this Friday evening: ours and one other. My co-pilot and I opted for the "Tower Burger" with onion rings instead of fries. The food came out quickly and was delivered as ordered. We both rated the meal as "tasty". For dessert, we had the chocolate cake. Absolutely huge, it could have satisfied four diners. Price was about what we expected: $10 x2 for the burgers, $1 x2 for the rings, $2 x2 for drinks and $6 for the cake. So, about $30 plus tax and tip for the both of us. Service was decent as my iced tea never went empty. All in all, a decent on-airport restaurant. Maybe not worth a special trip, but certainly worth stopping at if you're flying in the area.
Upon seeing my party of three the hostess asked, "how many?" After we confirmed that we were indeed three, she then asked, rather snootily, "do you have reservations?" Surprising, since the restaurant was less than half full.  When we said that we didn't, she pursed her lips, scrunched up her nose, gave us the once over and led us to a tiny, decidedly subprime table set up on the walkway outside the restaurant proper with a lovely view of the elevator.  And in a cloud of disdain she was gone. There  was a buffet, but I have no idea what was included because it was on the other side of the room by the windows.You know, where the view is. We really didn't feel welcome, so we decided to have our lunch elsewhere, and we left. Absent a groupon and a hostess refresh, we won't be returning.
The foods still great. The shrimp po'boy is always solid.  Try the po'boy or the Aruba fish sandwich. Music on Sunday nice addition.
Great food, great service, wonderful views. Perfectly priced and would recommend to friends and family. I can't wait to go back to try their breakfast buffet
Service was a little slow. I had the black and blue burger that was good but not great (over priced).  They have a small selection of 10 tsp berets but most are micro brew which is nice.
Great food, and Service! I love going to this place every weekend (live music). Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
I visited Hallback's Bar & Grill a week ago and I enjoyed myself IMMENSELY!!!  I ordered the fried fish special  (VERY TASTY fried fish and sweet potato fries).    My brother ordered the ribs and wings.  We were both pleasantly surprised with the HUGE PORTIONS that we were served.  The live music kept everyone entertained and the staff were all very friendly.  I'll definitely be back again and again!
