Awesome experience @ Fat Maggie's. Quiet, charming, excellent service, great tasting food. Enjoyed a "burnt ends" pulled brisket sandwich. Enjoyed Peach Tea (with peach in the drink, 1 free refill). Nicely selects craft beer list (bottled, served in a glass). Recommend in small group (2-4 in party). Takes AmEx.
Husband and I went here for lunch today for the first time.  Was impressed with the food!  We sat outside at a picnic table under the big old Oak tree, because we would have had to wait for a table. We did the Build A Sammi, I had a hamburger and my husband ordered pulled pork. You can pick your choice of bun, cheese, toppings and one side.
Best burger in years.  Seasoned beautifully and with a nice crust from a very hot grill on the outside.  I enjoyed it better than a lot of steaks I've had.  Lots of interesting options for rolls, including lettuce wrap, 2 grilled cheese sandwiches, pretzel bun, and toppings like fried jalapeños, bread and butter pickles, and whiskey peach BBQ sauce.  It was served very hot, like no burger I've ever ordered out.   Super sides too, like candied bacon Mac and cheese and chips and cheese, which were both great. Small place so we had to wait a little while for a seat but it was well worth it.  Servers were very sharp and attentive.   Any time I'm in Orlando or Tampa, I'll make the drive to Lakeland for a refill.
Brisket was awesome, candied Mac n' cheese was great as well. Casey our server was attentive and very pleasant. Would certainly recommend and return next time in Lakeland.
I loved Fat Maggie's!  We were visiting family in Lakeland.  I picked the restaurant spot because of Maggie.  We have our own bulldog at home, I was missing him so I suggested we to Fat Maggie after I found it was named after a bulldog.  Secretly I was hoping to get a bulldog fix for my withdrawal.  Well, Maggie wasn't there BUT the food was amazing.  We started with  the beer cheese dip.  We then ordered bbq with fries and Mac and cheese.  I was enjoying my company and didn't realize it was taking a bit to get out order.  But, our waitress did.  She bought us the truffle fries with Chipolte ketchup to make up for it.  They were amazing!  To finish we got the banana pudding, my boyfriends favorite.  He graciously let me try a few bites before devouring it.  He even said it was better than his mothers!   My only disappointment was I wanted to order the buffalo chicken dip.  We were eating around 1:30 and we were told they were out.  It just gives me a reason to go back!
Walked right in, and even though I told the waitress I was waiting for my friend, she sat me down.  The building appeared to be a little cottage split in half.  One side for the kitchen and restrooms and the other half for seating.  They ran out of broccoli casserole, asparagus, and a third item that I can't remember.  The pulled pork was kind of cold, BBQ sauce was great, and the bacon/Mac/cheese was the ultimate comfort food item. Service was amazing!!!  Asked my friend if he would consider coming back and he said yes, but in the winter time.  It was so hot inside the restaurant we were using our menus to fan ourselves.
LOVED IT!!  Cute little place, great atmosphere.  Listened to the other reviewers and got there earlier than dinner crowd and sat right down.  Lauren was my waitress, very friendly, spot on with recommendations.  I had the Strawberry tea--perfect amount of tea and fresh strawberry puree.  For entree, I had smokehouse burger- cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes on brioche, was cooked the perfect medium, chose side of mac and cheese with candied bacon. Wish they had pickles that were not bread and butter--like the classic dill pickle with my burger (but I can live wo out that is how good the burger is)  Just give me a double side of the yummy bacon!  Burger and mac were equally good.  Ordered nutella cheesecake to go, needed to make some room.   Can't wait till I am back in the area to try Fat Maggies again!
We both had the pulled pork which was pretty good. Their portions are small especially for the prices they charge. Our service was below average and got the impression they were doing us a favor by allowing us to eat there.
Went here for the first time and it was amazing! The place is small and has only a few tables inside and out so even on a weekday night there was a 1/2 hr wait- easy. Once we sat there was an eclectic feel with old mismatched chairs a Jack-a-lope on the wall and more! They had water in cute canisters on the table, and a wide assortment of craft beers and drinks. I had a blueberry soda and YUM it was! I did a make your own sandwich which is the ultimate way to go- a grilled cheese bun * two full grilled cheese serving a bread* bbq pork, beer cheese and a great bbq sauce made it a DIVINE night. The fresh asparagus was quite yummy, with a nice flavoring but were thick stalks. I was bummed they did not have the Nutella Cheesecake everyone spoke of- only a banana pudding that I opted not to try. We were there till closing and they did not rush us whatsoever and the staff were super friendly, will enjoy bringing friends that come into town here!
This place is literally one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. Totally worth the drive to Lakeland just for this place, and if I'm ever going from Tampa to Orlando, I make sure to stop here. This place is pretty small with just a few tables, so I recommend not going at prime dinner time or you may have to wait awhile, but rest assured, it is DEFINITELY worth the wait. Let's start with appetizers. They have the BEST buffalo chicken dip I have ever eaten. It is simply amazing. So creamy and bleu cheese-y (but not overwhelmingly blue cheese-y) and the chicken is perfectly tender. Beer cheese dip and truffle fries are also very good. The sandwiches... oh my, the sandwiches. You can get GRILLED CHEESE BUNS. Yes, that's right, it's an entire grilled cheese sandwich, and then your meat, and then another grilled cheese sandwich. You can also get Texas Toast as your buns or a pretzel hoagie!!! Ridiculous. Love that you can choose all your toppings and your meat and everything. Candied bacon mac as a side is a must. Their candied bacon is so so so good. Also, their corn on the cob is delicious, as well - fresh and sweet and perfectly grilled. They have 2 desserts - banana pudding and nutella cheesecake. I'm not a big fan of banana pudding so I've never tried it but the nutella cheesecake is to die for. Even without the yummy apps and grilled cheese buns, I would come here just for the cheesecake. I don't have anything bad to say about this place. It is just so good. AND best of all, super cheap!!! I am always pleasantly surprised when I receive the bill. You MUST MUST come here and try it for yourself!!!
Wow, I can't say enough about what Heather and Darren are doing here in Lakeland. This place is truly one of the locations that makes our town, and our county a better place to live. It's tucked just off South Florida Ave, behind Bomar Trophy (a local landmark if you've lived here for even a few years), and directly in the shade of a large old oak tree. Tables are set up outside & with the provided shade all but the hottest of days are pleasurable. On to their food, from their Briskit to their Grilled Chicken, to their candied bacon, every thing that they do, they do well. While I haven't marched through their entire menu I can honestly say that everything is superbly done. All the items seem well thought out, and all are a comfort even if they aren't exactly what mama used to make! They have a commendable craft beer selection and from what I hear may be brewing their own here soon, which if it's done as well as everything else should be something to draw folks from miles around. All in all, if you can't tell, I love Fat Maggie's I love the people, I love the decor & most importantly I love the food! Thank y'all for bringing unique comfort food to Lakeland, keep on cooking and I'll keep on eating! :-)
Incredible food and awesome small hometown atmosphere. Such a great value for the price. Did I mention the food was incredible? I have had the pulled pork and the BLT with egg. Both are incredible and the candied bacon mac and cheese and the broccoli casserole are a must try! Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
Food was descent. Atmosphere and decor was cool. Might need to try it out again. If I do and its better, I will bump review up.Got the pulled pork on pretzel bun with beer cheese. Didnt seem like the pork had a lot of flavor. Fries were just normal. Beer selection was very small which was ok. One beer might be my new favorite and that is what bumped this review from two to three stars.
Really neat place. The food was great. I don't care much for broccoli but the broccoli casserole was really good.
Great place with a lot of unique takes on common things.  Everything has been über tasty!
Wonderful little place in the Dixieland area of Lakeland. Can't go wrong with just about anything on the menu, especially the brisket. I highly recommend a meal at this place.
Try their Fat Maggie Nachos. Everytime I get this everyone in the office wants a bite. A little pricey but the portions are worth it. I haven't been disappointed.
The broccoli casserole and brisket are  wonderful!  Highly recommend !
I've been dying to try Fat Maggie's and finally got my chance, arriving for a 3:30 supper after a scant lunch earlier.  While the food should probably be four-star PLUS, unike other reviewers, part of the dining experience is service and was reflected in loss of stars.  Quaint and cute was my opinion of the outside upon approach but TEENY and understaffed was the reality inside. Picnic tables outside was not an option on a sweaty day. I was not greeted so seated myself upon arrival.  A sticky menu was already set with my silverware.  A group of 2 and another of 4 were seated.  I was pretty well ignored while the waitress also played cook and cashier between drinks and order taking for them.  The drinks are "craft" even when it's not beer.  No diet sodas so I got $2 iced tea, home brewed and blah.  The craft sodas sounded interesting but I hesitated without a sugar count or calorie count. The place was small and walking out woulda been tough. After another long wait and watching lots of smoke swirl in the kitchen in between her runs in there to flip something or light the pilot on the oven, I ordered the pork platter with mac/cheese on the side and chips and dip. ($9)   Fearing a long wait, I thought chips & dip would tide me over. That's when I learned one should ask what "chips & dip" means before one orders.  These were "crafted", fried unsalted flour tortilla chips and a cheese dip.  They were flavorful and the cheese was good, though I was hankering for something salty and perhaps French & onion rather than heavy fried and a mini 1/4 cup of melted sweet cheese.  Perhaps the menu should rename or define the dish. The entree arrived quickly.  The pulled pork was moist and flavored well enough, however it was inconsistently chopped and large chunks were the rubbery outside pieces.  A lovely inhouse whiskey peach sauce went with it.  However nothing about the sauce tasted "barbecue" when one is searching for and drools over a tomato-based vinegar tang.  The waitress was too busy to find for an alternative and I guess I didn't want to dash someone else's view of "gourmet".  I took half my pork home to doctor my way.   The highlight of the meal was the mac & cheese, easily the best I've had on the planet.  Very cheesy and well-balanced.  I wished I had room to try the nutella cheesecake or banana pudding dessert options.  Overall this place provides a novel bbq menu with lots of thought and care to make it delicious.  I will approach the next visit with no preconceived notions of what I'm hungry for and probably enjoy the food much more.  Maybe no one should mess with my barbecued pork expectations and I should just choose a burger! Service needs to improve.  The lady was friendly but could not "do it all" well. I was further concerned with the long bedraggle-haired waitress running all over vs the unkempt hair in the food. (call me old school)    Customer service here was a big compromise and gives me second thoughts on a revisit any time soon.  The food offers potential.
After several trips to Fat Maggie's I feel very torn on how many stars to give it. Food - every trip for me has been for lunch and each meal has been excellent. Burgers are cooked just right and the bun/topping options are excellent (pretzel roll with candied bacon and mushrooms? Oh hell yes!) The brisket is excellent, especially with their peach BBQ sauce. The fries and mac & cheese are my go to sides and never disappoint. Friends have raved about the broccoli casserole, but that's not my thing. Service - Some people are going to rate Fat Maggie's lower because of the service. Personally, I come here with more patience because they are obviously working out a lot of kinks as a brand new restaurant. From the perspective of how I'm treated as a customer, the staff here is excellent... but they get incredibly overwhelmed at peak times. Wait times get long for easy stuff like the bill or a refill and that's where most people are going to ding them. Again, I see it as new restaurant jitters, so I just roll with it if I'm caught in one of those moments. Space - why oh why can't Fat Maggie's operate in a bigger building? Honestly, this is one of the biggest negatives. The inside space is tiny... 6 or 7 tables maybe? The outside deck and picnic tables help alleviate that problem, but with summer weather already here most people are going to pass because sitting outside in the heat and humidity will not be an option. For me, Fat Maggie's is a solid 4 stars if things are running perfectly and if you can get a cool seat. The unfortunate thing is that they usually are packed inside and that means you're on the deck or possibly dealing with delays, so I don't want to misrepresent it. This restaurant is going to be a winner once the kinks are worked out... I really hope an expansion or move to a larger building is in the plans at some point. I will definitely continue to be a customer and will update my thoughts down the line.
Terrible rude service. Blondie? You are a rude B*ITCH! There is no polite way to put how poorly and rudely you talk to people. The Place is DEAD and we are told that we can't sit in a 4 chair table that we have to move to a 2 top and this is after the other server told us to sir where we like!  Wr like to sit together side by side, is that such a crime? To add insult to injury, five minutes later two women show up and they have THEM the table! I work to hard for my money to be treated and spoken to in a ride manner. Don't care how good your food is perceived by other reviewers, atmosphere is part of the dining experience and that twit certainly ruined it. Furious and won't even get to try what we have heard as great good. Owner never flinched to come and help or rescue our experience so this must be the way he chooses to run this place. Sad really.
UPDATE: Some friends have visited and said they were seated within 15 minutes and are in love with the place. Some of my family visited and had the same experience as me, so it seems to be hit or miss. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­-- Fat Maggie's will either rock your world or you'll leave irritated and hungry. Right off you notice the food here is something special. You get the feeling that someone has put allot of thought into what goes on the small menu. They have put a unique spin on some traditional American favorites and hit a home run doing it. Sodas are high-fructose free, and they have some pretty awesome flavored-teas -- both sweet & unsweet. I had the Strawberry Sweet Tea -- great stuff! Fat Maggie's is located behind some historic buildings next to a dirt parking lot, making it really easy to overlook without a GPS. Despite being very clean with a neat atmosphere, it's way too small for its own good. There's only a few small tables inside, a few more outside in addition to a big picnic table. With food this good, they would really benefit from a larger building and more indoor seating. Our first visit on a Thursday night was complete chaos. The staff were extremely friendly & accommodating (providing drinks while we waited) - but they didn't seem to handle conflict well. Couples who complained the most were being seated ahead of other couples who had quietly waited much longer. Some even walked out and left. We persisted as long as we could, but once our "30-45 min wait" turned into an 1hr 15 min for a table of two ...I decided to order it to go. 20 min later we were at home eating some REALLY good food. Being a brand new restaurant, I'm sure they are working out some kinks so I'm hopeful things will improve. Despite all this, I still put Fat Maggie's on my top 5 list. Yes, the food is that good. I had a Smokehouse Burger with Garlic Aioli on a Brioche Bun and a side of Truffle Fries -- I ate every crumb! It was so good that I'm basing my entire rating purely on the food - I'll definitely be back here soon. After all, everyone has a off-day once in a while.
Went here around 4 for a late lunch because we were in town for a doctors appointment. All I have to say is awesome!! Love the fact that they have good beer and even better food. The broccoli casserole was to die for. Tom had the burger with the grilled cheese buns which was amazing to say the least. I had the brisket which I enjoyed immensely. Over all we will definitively be back. They totally need to find a spot that accommodates more people, but other than that everything was outstanding. I can see how it may be difficult to go during peak hours.
New place in Dixieland that just opened this past Dec. Finally got to try it out today with a couple of friends. It's a small joint with enough room to sit 6-8 groups inside and a some additional seating outdoors. Love the cozy mom & pop  but still contemporary atmosphere they managed to achieve. The owners and staff are super friendly and seem genuinely excited about what their doing. Really happy to see a place like this open up, hope they do well. The menu is limited for now, but they have a great foundation to expand from. We started with the Kobe Beef Corn Dog Pops, which is such a simple thing but done really well. The Pops give you a chance to sample their trio of house sauces. Beside the menu items they let you build your own 'Sammi'. Went with a Kobe Brisket w/ fried jalapenos, grilled onions, a fried egg, cheddar cheese & garlic aioli on Texas Toast. Sounds heavy but was real nice, good flavor, just the right portions of ingredients and well built. They can add a couple more entrees for dinner options and their Mac & Cheese was good but lacked the character of some of their other items. Giving the place 4 star but it easily has potential for 5 with time to grow. Looking forward to coming back, easily my new favorite place for lunch in Lakeland.
I'm going to start off by saying that I took a two hour nap after a meal here. The food is heavy, if you are on a diet : this is NOT the place for you. That being said, Fat Maggies is an absolute treasure of an addition to the downtown Lakeland area. It's got a very old Florida/key west feel. The menu is small, but I like that. They absolutely nail the creative dishes they do have. After many recommendations, we started with the Fat maggie's nachos. Amazing homemade chips, pico, lettuce, pulled pork, and BEER CHEESE. It was absolute heaven and incredibly filling. For my entree I selected the "make your own sammi". My concoction : pulled pork on a brioche bun, cheddar cheese, crispy onions, and whiskey peach bbq sauce. Again, just seriously incredible. I can't even put it into words. I stuck with fries for a side, but I should note they offer a seriously awesome collection of side dishes like candied bacon mac n cheese, broccoli casserole(tried it, amazing), corn dog pops, etc. They also have a pretty decent beer list, with such craft selections as Florida cracker and jai alai. Also, some great daily tea selections like key lime mint tea which was refreshing. Dessert is limited to two choices- nutella cheesecake and banana pudding. I took home some banana pudding, and it is without a doubt the best I've had. A seriously flawless meal from beginning to end and service was top notch too. Fat Maggie's is the only thing that has kind of tempted me to move back to Lakeland. Alas, I will be staying in Tampa but I see MANY future visits just for FM.
How can you not love Fat Maggie's (so called after a pet bull dog, not a large lady)? We eat there frequently and the build your own sammich idea makes it easy to keep it different every time. I live sitting under the trees, especially with my 9 month old... She's entertained by nature and isn't bothering other diners in the small dining room with her baby shenanigans. Two words: Candied Bacon. I mean, seriously. Are you kidding? You mean I can get it on anything? My husband likes to create monstrosity sandwiches with bacon, pulled pork, burger, an Mac n cheese. We also like to just tell the kitchen staff to surprise us... We're never let down. Although the space is small and you might wait for a while, it's worth it.
Great food, friendly service and relaxed atmosphere. Kids hot dog meal was big enough to feed an adult. Truffle fries highly recommended.
My meals here have been hit or miss....one or more parts of it are always a little off (asparagus charred beyond recognition, dry meat, etc.).  When something is good, it's great, but the inconsistency is a bit aggravating.  In addition, upon getting a take out order and having to return to have something fixed that was made incorrectly, I was actually scolded by a staff member for not checking through the multitudinous boxes they crammed in the to go bag.  Sorry guys, not coming back.  Treat your customers kindly, even if you are a bit stressed out.
Delicious food and amazing atmosphere! The truffle fries are delicious! The pulled pork is to die for! Very nice to sit outside on a beautiful day or inside to experience the farmhouse sense! Such a unique little place!
I chose to sit at the bar outside because all the tables inside were taken. The waitress gave me a menu and said she'd be outside in a minute. 10 minutes later, she still hadn't arrived, so I left.
Nothing special. Food is not all that great. Service is adequate. Place is small, crowded and noisy. Brisket was cold and day old. Vegetables were hot, but no character.
Second visit to Fat Maggie's, the first visit was shortly after they opened. Tonight I had the brisket sliced. It was tender, the flavor and smoke was good. A little dry. My wide had a cheeseburger and it was ordered medium well. First attempt, it was delivered medium rare. However, they were quick to replace it with one done perfectly.  Our server Lauren, was pleasant and very responsive. I would have given it 5 stars if the beef wasn't so dry and the burger was done right the first time. Great atmosphere , trendy and eclectic craft beer  selection. Check it out, we will go again. The kitchen sink chili was as eclectic as the craft beer selection.
A New Lakeland Gem! Maggie's is already a local hotspot. Trust me, you need to give it a visit. Their menu is all homemade from scratch. The highlight is probably the "Create Your Own Sammi." The reality is that you can create the most elaborate burger,  BBQ brisket, pulled pork or chicken sandwich you've ever had! BUT BE SURE TO ADD CANDIED BACON!!!!! Go to Maggie's.
Great food, impeccable service and cozy atmosphere. We eat here regularly and have never been disappointed on any front.
Oh man! Where do I start? I started coming here based on the Yelp reviews. The first time I came I had a hamburger sammi with candied bacon, mac and cheese, and grilled cheese buns. It was delicious. I've since tried some of the appetizers, some of the other meats and most if them are just delicious. The sides are really good too (bacon mac & cheese, asparagus, I'm not too fond of the pork but mostly because it needed salt and the Whiskey Peach BBQ sauce just doesn't have a peach taste to me but that's not enough for me to even knock it down a star IMHO. The bottled sodas only allow you one but the blueberry soda is totally worth paying $3-4 a bottle. The service is always friendly & quick and the place is always packed but it's ok because they have ample seating outside if you don't mind. If you haven't eaten here it's worth a try. It has certainly become my weekly indulgence but only once a week because I'm sure the calories in one burger alone could kill me but isn't that true of anything that's this delicious?
Altogether, the experience of a new place, 2 months old to be precise, was pretty good. They have a few kinks to work out with purchasing it seems as they were out of a few items so if you go within the next few weeks don't be surprised if they have the same issue. Service by Cheyenne was good. However, we had to listen to a conversation about Jennifer not filling the sauces through most of the meal via the kitchen window. As far as food, The build-a-sammi was a cool idea and offers a myriad of options for the picky eater. One can choose the meat, bread, cheese, and regular toppings or you can opt to pay a little more for premium toppings like candied bacon, fried jalapeños, and whiskey peach BBQ sauce (I had all 3 and they were pretty tasty together) As for drinks, they have coke products, tea, beers and wines which were nice and not so mainstream. Always nice to have an option for microbrew beers with a good burger! Overall, the food is worth a trip to try and with a few small fixes and maybe some dessert options this could easily be a 4 or more star place. But my word is only worth so much, go give it a try and see for yourself.
Fat Maggie's is, in a word, FANTASTIC! First off, the name is what caught my attention. I thought it was hilarious. Then when I found out this place is named for their bulldog? Well, clearly they are dog lovers and we had to go and check it out. My husband and I knew this place would fill up fast and decided to beat the lunch crowd today.  We arrived before noon. As others have commented, yes it is small. It looks small, so if someone is complaining about the size maybe they just didn't notice. There are 19 chairs inside and outside there are three picnic tables. There is table service at the picnic tables. How cool is that? It got loud as the place filled up because there are wood floors and there is nothing to absorb the sound. When the first dish arrived we could've cared less. Our server brought a cute bottle of water and glasses to get us started. I stuck with water and my husband had the sweet tea. They have many craft beers and bottled soda. The buffalo chicken dip is delightful. IMO it is the perfect blend of blue cheese, hot sauce and chicken. It came to the table bubbly hot with home made fried tortilla's. Wow was it good. I ordered the "Sammie" burger and the hubs ordered the pulled pork with mac and cheese and broccoli casserole. My burger was perfectly cooked and was glad I asked our waitress about the fried jalapeno's as one of their many toppings. I look forward to having another burger and having the candied bacon. The only negative about my meal was the fries. I know there are many different types of fries restaurants get to choose and Fat Maggie's chose the coated ones (for lack of a better word) These are not my favorite but they did help my mouth cool down after the fried jalapeno's. I do think I may have to try them the truffle fries. This coating would have to keep them from getting soggy. Soggy is a big thing with me so I will have to give that a try. The pork was cooked perfectly! I love BBQ and have very high standards. This is some of the best pork I have ever had. I didn't think it needed the bbq sauce so I grabbed a chunk of it off his plate before he doused it.  It was moist, fell apart easily and tasted heavenly. The mac and cheese was gooey, bubbly hot and I really wanted to dive in a vat of it. I felt same way about the broccoli cheese casserole. This casserole is delicious. The broccoli is cooked perfectly and has an enormous amount of cheese in which to swim in. Our service was good. The waitress offered a good tip - fried jap's - and they kept the hubs tea filled. I notice  the guys sitting next to us had to wait a little longer than others but they took it in stride. It was a full house for lunch. It was a party in my mouth. We are going back to check out the brisket and research the craft beers. We didn't have any room left to try the desserts but we are going back because banana pudding is my all time favorite dessert. Seriously? This is hands down the best food I have had in Lakeland.
This place is wonderful!! I wonder if they would like move Fat Maggie's to California???
Man. Are we glad S&L pissed me off by closing at 12:45 (LUNCHTIME) on a Saturday afternoon and being cash only. We just became regulars at Fat Maggies, not just because spite is an incredible way to bring one's business elsewhere, but because: Holy shit. The food is good. I feel bad saying good, because it's not just any kind of "good" it's that kind of good that makes your toes curl and you melt where you sit. We had the Truffle Fries and the Corn Dog Pops to start, and probably could have stopped there and went home unbelievably satisfied. The fries were fantastic, the chipotle ketchup was a great compliment, and the garlic aoili sauce that came with the Corn Dog Pops was even better (and it was described like mayo, while I like mayo on sandwiches I dont with my fries and burger, more later). The CDP was awesome. It wasnt like any other corn dog, they were hot dog balls in a ball of batter on a thick skewer (that I forgot to keep, but we'll be back to get one!) I'm not even giving it justice explaining it to you. Just take my word for it. I dont fool around. If you go there, and you didnt get the Truffle Fries or the Corn Dog Pops; you turn around and walk back in and get them. I had a steakhouse burger with avocado, grilled onions, and mushrooms and their special cheese of the day chipotle gouda on a brioche bun. I admit I went with a "safe" burger, something I sort of make at my house, but it was no where good as this. Mine dont even come a quarter of the size of this burger either. I put the garlic aoili sauce on it and I swear, I knew I would be bringing everyone I know through the door. My girlfriend got the smokehouse burger, avocado, texas toast and she put MY garlic aoili sauce on her burger, It was figuratively too big for her mouth. When we were sat down we were immediately given a really cool looking jug of water and two glasses. I cant remember the last time I went to any restaurant that brought water with my meal, much less any time I really made any effort to drink water. I had their Root Beer, which was great, but I also liked the idea of pouring out of that really cool jug. I think next time I'll check out their other craft sodas and drink a crap load of water again. The service was great, we were checked on after our food was dropped off, my girlfriend's drink was replenished and she didnt ask (this is awesome. I LIKE that.) The table next to us didnt have an empty glass either. They're on that. I appreciate that kind of service. We brought our burgers home, and what was left of the fries and are totally stoked for leftovers and coming back. There's really something special about this place and I cant wait to go back.
Stopped by on the way to Orlando.  Not right off I-4 - but the worth the trip.  Good home cooked food.  My wife had the Sammi's pulled pork sandwich & Mac 'N Cheese with bacon topping.  Excellent!  I tried the Smokehouse burger and a cup of Chili.  Both very good.  I especially liked the fact that the chili spicyness was not overwhelming but very flavorful with nice chunks of meat with beans and a tasty sauce.
Really cute place with great food.  We loved the bulldog motif as we too have a bullie.  The only problem is the size of the place, but the wait is worth it.  We will definitely be back.
Love this place! I have been to Fat Maggie's several times now and have yet to have a bad meal! It just keeps getting better. The truffle fries and broccoli casserole are out of this world! No one makes better sweet tea too! Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
I heard about this place from friends from work.  I convinced my boyfriend (which normally likes to stick to the places he knows) to try this place out.  We've been there on a few occasions now and love everything we ever try.  Buffalo chicken dip had cheese crumbles on top and baked with homemade chips ta -boot.  I've had the pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing.  Have the whiskey peach BBQ sauce it's a perfect blend.  I've had the pulled pork quesadilla it had melted cheese with just enough of the pulled pork.  My boyfriend sticks with the brisket sandwich every time and is never disappointed.  I've never had a problem getting seated here and love that I see the owners hanging around.
Visited again ordering the Sammie with smokehouse burger in a brioche bun with provolone cheese , candied bacon (yummy) , grilled onions , grilled mushrooms and the other standard toppings. My side was fries. The person I went with ordered pulled pork platter with Mac and cheese and fries. It was very good and portion size was better this time as that was my only complaint from the last visit. My next thing I try is the brisket and I will try and save room for acclaimed Nutella cheesecake.
Small but friendly place. The brisket was awesome and everything we tried excellent. The owner suggests asking how the brisket is before ordering.
Very cute but small, had to eat outside at the picnic tables, which wasn't bad since they have nice big trees.  We ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and the hot dog, both of which were good.  Price was reasonable and the service was fast and friendly.
Lakeland, FL has a new "good" restaurant. Big, fabulous flavor served by friendly local foodies. Don't let the simplicity of the menu fool you. The folks in the kitchen aren't classically trained - yet they clearly "have the skills to pay the bills"... Try the brisket with truffle fries and grill asparagus... * get dessert This tiny place is hard-to-find. Find it.
Great to see a local business like this! Loved our first meal there. The service is excellent but the inside seating is limited. Only 6 or 7 tables. The kitchen sink chili and the candied bacon are wonderful. The create your own sandwich feature is going to be a hit and probably the backbone of the restaurant. Lots of options! The Kobe beef brisket was good but for $12 I think I might have preferred a lesser cut of beef and more of it. The Mac & Cheese was a little dry and needed something to make it pop. The Nutella cheese cake was a hit as were the chips and beer cheese dip. All in all a great first visit and we look forward to many more. Welcome to Lakeland, Fat Maggie's!
Absolutely the WORST customer service I've experienced!  After reading the reviews, my husband and I decided to drive 40 minutes from Tampa one rainy Saturday. Arrived eager to try the food. It was early, around 11:30 and the place was not busy at all. Three of their six tables empty - two, two tops and a four top open and absolutely no one waiting. Now you have to understand, my husband and I are absolutely in love and refuse to sit across from each other. We walked to the four top and started to sit when we were approached by a nasty young blonde and rudely told that we wound not be able to sit at the four top. That it was being held for larger parties. We explained AGAIN that we would not be happy at a two top, seated across from each other crammed next to strangers cracker-barrel style. No way. Again NO ONE WAS WAITING. We'd now spent 10 minutes of their"rush" arguing about seating. Maybe I'm a little old school, but since when is it acceptable to treat customers like shit?  If the place had been busy, we would have patiently waited for a four top to open. We often do that at many other places.  The blonde and the red head hostessing/ serving are not doing the owners any good what so ever.  To add insult to injury, two women with a newborn came in 20 minutes behind us and walked right to the table. At that point we called the waitstaff out. To us, that action was completely unacceptable. We walked out.  Their bad and condescending attitude COMPLETELY turned us off to fat Maggie's forever. Sorry guys, we won't be back. And we won't bring friends and we won't ever speak well of this business. The owners of fat Maggie's should wake up and pay attention to those they hire to represent them. Newness wears off and bad reviews travel fast.  These twits will move on and your business will be left to suffer.
My wife and I had dinner there last night. I had pulled pork with Mac and cheese and broccoli casserole. The pork was moist and Delicious, not heavy smoke taste which my wife and both enjoy. Sides were both excellent and very tasty. My wife had the brisket sandwich. the brisket was also moist and  Delicious the bread and fried jalapenos kicked butt! yes i thought the brisket  was better than pulled pork. Homemade BBQ sauce was outstanding. it is very tight on the inside. I recommend sitting on porch sucking cold beer. no screaming kids! this place is a must try Lakelanders and visitors.
Excellent hamburgers and friendly staff. They can be slow at times so I wouldn't suggest going in a rush.
We were so looking forward to eating here but when we showed up at 11 for lunch we found the fryer was broke. Ok, we can deal. Ended up they were also out of chicken, asparagus, broccoli casserole. We ended up leaving after wasting 30 minutes if a 60 minute lunch hour. We won't be back. So disappointed!!!!
This place was great. The food and service  where excellent and not to pricey. This is the first time I have ever written a review on Yelp, but this place was fantastic. Our daughter attends FSC which is close by and we will definitely go back to Fat Maggies when in town.
A hidden gem! The place was small in capacity but HUGE in delicious food! For meats our group tried the brisket and pulled pork. They were lean and tasty.  For sides we had salad, broccoli casserole, grilled asparagus, and candied bacon and mac.  All were super!  Can't wait to get back!
We ordered takeout for a business lunch and everyone raved about it. I had the pulled pork,and while it was a little dry, I'll take a little blame for not getting a sauce on it. my counterparts loved the brisket, grilled chicken and burgers. The truffle fries are addictive!
Fat Maggies has great food, fast service, and a nice outdoor area. They even brought our dogs water! The pulled pork with whiskey peach bbq was phenomenal!
Service was awesome and friendly as for the food, it too was awesome ... great fries, golden crunchy and soft inside and the burger was fantastic, although they need to work on the details to go with those awesome burgers. Mustard came in packets. ketchup in a cup, onions were not cut correctly, tomato was under ripe and was was put in a refrigerator at some point which ruins the flavor ( come on and get a clue) and no dill pickles.... I'll be back :0)
We need more places like Fat Maggies! The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was unique, and the food was great. There are few places who can pull of BBQ, Burgers, and Chicken the way that Fat Maggies does. It is cooked well and tastes great. I would encourage people to check out this Lakeland gem. Sit out on the porch or inside with a craft beer and some great BBQ!
Fat Maggie's is Lakeland's latest success....and just a really good place to eat....I have been twice in the less than a month that Fat Maggie's has been open and both times have been better than I expected (and I have high expectations).  A small comfortable environment that seats about 20 people inside is clean, inviting, and friendly.  The waitstaff are knowledgeable, attentive, and there to make your experience a pleasant one.  If you are looking for the same ol humdrum of chain restaurants then this is not the place for you.  The menu includes foodie favorites like candied bacon, truffle fries, and made from scratch Nutella cheesecake. I would recommend non-peak hours to truly enjoy the experience but no matter when you go a true connoisseur of culture won't be disappointed. (Next time I'm trying the Intelligentsia coffee which owner Dustin says will ruin other coffees for you)
i realize they have just opened so take the into account,ordered the grilled chicken breast ,it looked more like grilled chicken tenders juicy enough but pretty much flavorless,side salad was really good with fresh great tasting tomatoes,couple of cuke slices and to hard to bite croutons,no knife to cut it with since they were still being washed,never got one during the entire meal,food came on plate with no garnishment whatsoever,just a little sprinkling of parsley would have looked better,grilled asparagus would have been tastier with maybe some lolive oil or balsamic vinegar before grilling,pretty much raw,although i asked for them charred.personally would like one full menu instead of two seperate ones,my friend liked the nacho's and i will be back to try the kobe beef brisket next time,wish the place was bigger but it was nice enough inside!
We met a friend here for lunch while we were on vacation.  After a little bit of communication stumbles, we were seated and received fantastic service.  It's a cute little place, and you can't go wrong with a joint named for a bulldog! On to the food: I had the burger, which is a great blend of chuck, brisket, and short beef. The burger was wonderful and cooked as requested.  My only suggestion there would be for a little more of a crust on the burger itself. I had the broccoli casserole as my side, which was delicious, if not exactly what I was expecting. My husband had brisket sandwich and fries.  The fries had a crispy coating and the barbeque sauce on his sandwich was tasty. We are tea drinkers, unsweet mostly, and our glasses were never empty. Hubs did try the sweet tea, which he said was good (translation: not too sweet) Head to Fat Maggie's; you won't be disappointed.
I got super tired of the normal steak place I go to in Lakeland with my boyfriend, so I asked a friend who lives out there for suggestions for other places to go to get good meat. He suggested Fat Maggie's even though it's "off the beaten path and maybe a little had to find." Let's just say Fat Maggie's did not disappoint. I went in about an hour before they closed on Saturday night to order take out. I was instantly greeted by smiling faces from the hostess and the cooks (you can see straight into the kitchen area as you walk in the door). Unfortunately, they were out of pulled pork by the time I got there, but they did have brisket and apparently burnt ends were the special for the night. I ordered brisket with a side salad and mac & cheese. The brisket was delicious!! Perfectly seasoned and tender. The mac & cheese was also great, but I've admittedly had better (and worse). The salad was fresh and crispy. The menu isn't huge, but they've got a lot of tasty sounding options that I'm going to try in the future. Their customer service was on point though. The nice hostess lady who took my order (whose name I didn't catch...how rude of me!) was friendly and chatty, and used my name when addressing me. I always love that when people take your name for an order, then actually use it! Anyway, she shared info on events in the area and gave me a flyer for if I wanted to order delivery through the local delivery service that's similar to Doorstep. She was absolutely delightful. Fat Maggie's definitely tiny though! There were only a handful of tables inside, and a few outside. It's really unassuming, and I wouldn't have ever found it had it not been for my friend suggesting it. If you're in the area, you should try them out!! Great food at very reasonable cost!
We found this place online while visiting family in Lakeland.  The location is off the beaten path, but it wasn't hard to find.  Place is tiny, but the service was amazing.  The staff was friendly and very engaging. The restaurant was very good.  Almost all the items we had were flavorful.  We had the Mac and cheese, broccoli casserole, garlic fries with aioli and I had the shredded chicken.  The BBQ sauce was very tasty.   We came hungry and left very stuffed.  They do have a limited craft beer selection.  If you're in Lakeland, this is a must have.
A little gem in Lakeland Florida My family wanted to find a place that had American traditional food.  We saw some reviews about this fantastic place.  They were not kidding.    Although the outside and the neighborhood might be not so appealing don't let that stop you and experience great food. The menu is simple but the taste is awesome.  There is plenty of parking but limited inside seating.  You should not let that stop you for trying good food. We did build the Sammi menu. We had a fat maggie nachos not only it was a good portion but it was of course delicious. Their price are reasonable and service was great always making sure our glasses were full and available if we needed something.  A must try restaurant.
Had lunch with a friend from out of town here today.. I have eaten here several times before and always pleased. This time though was disappointing. My friend and I were disappointed with the time it took to get the food (1hour after ordering). The servers kept apologizing for the delay and brought us complimentary apps and offered free desserts. The food was very good, I had pulled pork, broccoli casserole and Mac n cheese with candied bacon.  My friend had a burger cooked to order and the Mac n cheese w/ bacon.. Nice size servings. I was told my ticket got misplaced which caused the delay.
My wife and I ate there last Saturday afternoon and had the beer cheese appetizer and the sammie sandwich and pulled pork meal. my sammie was pulled pork on garlic toast with fried jalapenos and lettuce, tomatoe and my sides were candied bacon and macaroni and cheese. the bbq sauce they had was delicious. it was a peachy spicy sauce. the pork was juicy and flavorful. I loved the candied bacon and macaroni and cheese. its a small place but easy to get in and out of.my wife uses a wheelchair and everyone was very accommodating. Our waitress Allyson was wonderful and helpful.We will go back soon !!!!! they also have different beers and ales to choose from for about 4 dollars each. This place is cool and unique!
I ate at Fat Maggie's for the first time today and I must say it was fantastic! There was no seating available inside but it was cooled down from the rain earlier so we were fine sitting outside. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. It did take her about 30 minutes to take our order but she was sincerely sorry and even bought us a beer cheese dip (which was scrumptious). After she took our order she was very fast and attentive. She happily made sure that the root beer was caffeine free for me (because I am sensitive to caffeine) and I was happy to find out that yes, it is caffeine free. Our food came out pretty fast and it was great. I ordered the burger well done on Texas toast with lettuce, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, and bbq sauce with a side of fries. All of the food was fresh and tasty and my root beer was very good, too. I was so full I had to take a box home for my fries. I will definitely be coming back and bring more people next time.
Went on 10/2/14 and had to wait one hour for service. The food was not worth the wait. Also, I ordered my burger on brioche...it was a whole wheat bun. There was no salt at all in the food. The candied bacon on top of the macaroni and cheese was the only good thing. Even the water was room temperature tap water. In a place that has just 6 tables, the delay was inexcusable. Our server, Allison was amazing, though.
Who needs a 2 or 3 page menu when all you really need is 3 items that you do perfectly? This is what Fat Maggie's has done. This seems to be Lakelands big secret as everyone in town has been here but no one could tell us how to get there. It's in an alley way! And it's small...maybe 10 inside tables...which is great if you're trying to keep your overhead down. Service was excellent as well as the cleanliness. But it's the food everyone comes here and waits for. I had the brisket on grilled cheese buns w/candied bacon mac & cheese. There are no words that can actually describe the taste of this sammi but it was all decadent. A good portion of sweet slow & low cooked brisket in between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches. It was perfectly cooked and assembled. The candied bacon mac & cheese was great too but the cheese had coagulated so it was a bit difficult to get down. A bonus is their unique choices of beverages. My friend had the blueberry soda and I had the tea with mint and key lime. I must make this tea at home soon! I encourage anyone who is just passing through to stop here to chow down at. You can't go wrong! Current health inspection: 1-high priority, 0-intrmediate & 4-basic violations
Great place!  Great people!
