OK, I've been coming here for over 7 years...this is the most consistently excellent sushi in lakeland...period.
They do indeed have the best sushi in town. It's fresh tasting and prepared well. The negative reviews here must have come from Shingetsu employees, because any negative reviews on this place are complete malarkey IMHO. If you are scared of eating raw fish, or have worries that you're kids won't be able to eat something here, don't worry. They have plenty of cooked options that are affordable, healthy, and good. Here is a little secret though...they have some pretty tasty(albeit skimpy) Korean food as well. Get the sashimi rice salad in the stone bowl. I would give them 5 stars if the Korean food came with banchan(traditional Korean side dishes of various veggies and other goodies).
Overpriced. Service slow and not really friendly. Tablecloth dirty when I sat down. Seaweed salad was a strange color green, didn't taste fresh, and didn't have that crunch to it. Sushi wasn't any better. French kiss roll was drowned in tempura flakes.
If you want over-priced, Chinese buffet style sushi.. than this is your place. The tuna nigiri is worse than publix.  We ordered the diablo roll plus some traditional sushi; the nigiri tasted like it was freezer burnt and the diablo roll had so much sauce that it was all we could taste.. needless to say we will not be returning.
Starting to go down hill unfortunately. Customer service is still good but the owners are hiring inexperienced and cheap labor behind sushi bar. Quality of fish is also on a down hill trend.
Having lived in the Los Angeles area for a long time, eating a wide variety of food has become a regular occurrence. One day I might do Japanese, another I might do Greek. In a small town like Lakeland, good ethnic food is hard to find. Sumo Sushi not only had authenticity in the air, but also tasted fresh and was overall a pleasant surprise. The sushi bar was particularly outstanding. There was a good list of sashimi and rolls to pick from and everything ordered had the same quality. The entree menu struck me as a little awkward and less tended to. The bulgoki dish was out of place in a restaurant in which Japan was the setting. My friend that I was with said it was mediocre at best. Same with the fried ice cream, average and out of place. In conclusion, for sushi? Definite yes. Best in town that I've had so far. Everything else? Test your luck.
Wow!!! I travelled from OC, California and chose this place based on yelp ratings.  What a pleasant surprise.   I asked the sushi chef to order for me.  Diablo roll, Conch (you can't get on west) and escolar (can't get on west).  The fish was sooooo fresh.  If I ever return to this small town, this is a must visit.  Wow!!!!
Tucked away in a mundane shopping strip it's easily overlooked. The ambiance is major element in why I enjoy coming here. Dimly lit, modest yet rich in atmosphere. Great for dates, a quiet meal with friends or even solo at the sushi bar. The Chirashi bowl is a nice sample of the assorted sashimi they have to offer. The Super Cucumber Salad topped with your choice of either Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon or Conch is delicious. The Conch is a shredded salad with spicy mayo, so I'd prefer if it were a ceviche style. The Diablo & K.C. rolls are probably my favorites. Beside sushi the menu is a bit limited but they do have standard items like Katsu, Tempura, Udon along with a few Korean entrees like Bulgoki & Galbi. Although they do have an nice assortment of specialty rolls, the foundation is their quality of sashimi and traditional rolls. I've come to accept that due to the location/market of Lakeland, sushi seems to be always a bit more expensive than in other larger cities. Your definitely going to find places of better or at least comparable quality for less. But when I'm craving sushi in Lakeland Sumo is pretty much one of the only two places I'll even consider going.
Deliciously fresh fish, good service, decor was ok. We were craving sushi while visiting family in Lakeland so we tried Sumo out. At first we were wary, the decor isn't what we're used to in a sushi place (could do without the wood paneling and mismatching plates). But the food was wonderful! The fish was fresh with no fishy taste. 8/10 would go again when visiting.
I have never visited a restaurant and regretted it as much as I did when I visited this place. Seriously: buy some raw fish, make some sticky rice, clump it together into a blob and STAY HOME. It tasted like cheap Chinese buffet sushi rolls that have been sitting out all day. For real, go to a supermarket and buy their sushi containers near their deli. You'll save gas and money. Horrible sushi. I really think they had a blindfolded 5 year old in the back making these. They were literally falling apart. And yes, we know how to use chopsticks! No joke. Our soy sauce/wasabi bowl had clumps of rice and food floating in it. It looked like chunky Campbells soup. Even my fiance, who is a super chill, easy to please, and never complains about anything regretted this visit. We also had octopus as an appetizer. They should have written "big wooden bowl of plain lettuce with 1oz of octopus garnish on the side" in the description. So disappointing. We got traditional sushi, no fried stuff. I think it was a spicy tuna, a spicy something else, and something else? Our bill plus tip came out to over $50. I'm not a penny pincher by any means...but seriously....that food WAS NOT WORTH THAT MONEY.  My guess is they were charging us for that orange food color in the mayo they squirted on top of the rolls. I've been to some kick butt restaurants and paid that much or more, but at least I left feeling like there had been a party inside my mouth! I felt happy!!! When I left this place I just felt sick. Ugh. The only positives note is that the girl who served us was really nice and the bite-sized complimentary (fried) "cookies" they gave us were delicious. Moral of this long story: This place should be called Sumo Cookies, NOT Sumo Sushi. I will never return to this place again, and I hope whoever reads this won't even try it. At least that will help me feel like the $ I spent was worth something!
Love this place !!!  Great fresh sushi !  Definitely my favorite is the Diablo roll with the Kanisu right behind !!! YUM !!!
I eat at Sumo EVERY time I am back in Lakeland visiting family.  It has never failed to impress - the fish is always fresh and tasty (I prefer sashimi rather than maki or sushi, but I've tried everything here). Also, their competitor Gosh! does not even begin compare when measured up against the wonderful service and tasty freshness experienced at Sumo. I've eaten at many a sushi joint - and all across this great country of ours - and Sumo is one of my absolute favorites.  I highly recommend eating here.
Wonderful sushi bar and restaurant in Lakeland. Fantastic fresh sushi. We ate at the sushi bar with the owner who made a delicious selection of sushi rolls. Please try the volcano roll. Absolutely the most tasty roll I've had in a long time - and I eat a lot of sushi. Definitely try this place for lunch or dinner. Closes for lunch at 2:30pm.
Still one of my favorite sushi places, located in my hometown. Its quiet and intimate which I like. My mom and I were regulars for awhile before I moved to tampa and the waitresses always knew what we wanted. If you need a quick bite before the sushi, get the house salad with their home made ginger dressing...I always consider eating the rest of it that goes to the bottom of the bowl like it is soup, its that good. The edamame is also an excellent choice for a starter. My favorite rolls are the tempura japanese bagel roll, the lakeland roll, the crunch roll, and many of the more expensive specialty rolls I cannot remember the names of. Everything I've tried has always been excellent. Good sushi joint for a smaller town.
I was surprised at how great this place was.  It definitely does not get enough notoriety because it is in Lakeland, and it is very difficult for any indepenent restaurant to succeed in this town.  While I typically go to a more well-known sushi place in town, my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try based on a few friends' recommendations.  The rolls were great.  The sushi chef (and I'm pretty sure owner of the restaurant) is friendly.  It was also a nice surprise that they had the same type and quality rolls as the other place we often go to, yet they were less expensive.  The service was a little off, but again I think it's because they are not used to larger crowds.  Also, their edamame wasn't as crunchy or fresh as I like.  But overall, it is my first choice for sushi now in town and I would love to see this place stick around, so please give it a try!
Definitely the best sushi in Lakeland; pretty close to being some of the best sushi ever. It's not Lakeland's "trendy" sushi spot, and I really don't know why. One bite of the J Special roll and a warm smile from sushi chef and owner General and you'll have a hard time going anywhere else.
I had no idea that this place exsisted. I didn't like there speciality rolls but id go back and try something new.
Friendly wait staff at both dinner and lunch. The rolls were small but filling. The onion soup was fantastic!  Dessert choices ranged from the traditional (green tea ice cream) to the unexpected (fried cheesecake).
Great sushi, great ambiance! Small inside, tables or bar. Casual to business-casual.
This is definately worth taking the detour off Rt 4.  The fish practically melts in your mouth.  its only a handful of times I've had it so fresh.  had Sushi lunch meet which came with an awesome fried roll (not always the normal w/ Sushi lunches) and Onion soup which was a nice deviation from the normal Miso soup.
Sushi was a little above average. The fried calamari was good but it may have been a little undercooked. The Riesling was great! We ended up splitting a bottle. Salad is okay, lacking veggies (very plain). Overall slightly above average. We would go back but it won't be a favorite unfortunately. Had high hopes based on the other reviews I've seen.
Why do people like this place? The sushi was fishy and did not taste fresh, I tried it because someone told me it was better than Shingetsu and there is no way this place is on the same level as Shingetsu.
Fresh sushi made by the owner, thats what really makes it. I have been to other sushi places and some kid is doing your sushi, it's just not the same,  the have a lot of good specialty rolls. definitly try the cucumber rool, i dont know what it's called but it has no rice, also trust the owner to make some based on your taste. The prices are also reasonable.
Best Sushi in Lakeland! "The General" makes you feel welcome and always personable. The place has a typical Japanese restaurant feel, but the staff in attentive and friendly.  Also, the place is very clean, that is hard to come by in Polk County. Try the Sumo Special Roll, simply fantastic!!
Really good! Asked for suggestions ... Enjoyed the J Special, French Kiss Roll and the Diablo.
very good sushi.  very good - and I have had sushi at some of the best places in hawaii, california, etc.  the service could be a little better, though.
Best Sushi in Central Florida, I frequent Sumo and can not say enough good things about the Sushi.  Friendly, personal service.......
This is by far the best sushi place in Lakeland.  The staff is also super friendly and the food is delicious.  The restaurant is clean, the dishes they serve the sushi on are very pretty, and the chefs are personable.  I love the fancier rolls like the fruishi roll, the volcano roll, and the sumo special.  The fish is fresh and the rice is very authentic.  Please try this place before you even think about Mt. Fuji sushi or Gosh.  They also have a descent sake selection.
