This was a drive by on the way to Orlando with the family...and I'm happy the first place we tried was closed. Walking in to a mariachi band, you know things are going to be alright. The food was as authentic as it comes. It is a genuine delight when your buddy orders a burrito as well, and they don't have the same cookie cutter shape. We had guacamole to start, certainly made fresh today, and the Mrs had asada tostadas that were gone so fast I didn't even get a bite (she says they were amazing). A true hidden gem. No big sign above the building, across from publix offices.
Been dying to try this place with all the high reviews.  If you have ever eaten "real" Mexican food, this place has it, along with a larger than average menu with English subtitles. It has a large seafood section.  Food coming out looked beautiful.  Lettuce, cheese, cilantro were fresh, helping to "dress" the plate.  A soccer game was blaring in Spanish on the two TVs.  Chips and green tomatillo salsa are complimentary. Chips are thick, salsa is spicy.  Too much zing (hot) for me. I ordered a chile relleno.  Sold out.  I ordered a sope asada, a "hand food" with a maize base, roast meat, lettuce, cheese.  It was great and piled high but tasted soaked in grease rather than soaked in lime.  I ordered two tacos "traditional" with cilantro and onion (and lime).  The al pastor and the barbacoa both came with a stream of grease running out of the taco and very little other seasoning.  the meat was flavorful but there were big hunks of fat when you chewed.  The homemade shells were very "authentic".  This place is the best if you have a taste for non-touristy Mexican food.  They have "tongue" tacos, fajitas, tamales, etc. but it does not deserve stars for "gourmet".  (The Taco Bus on 98 has better tacos!)  There was little depth or change in flavors between asada, al pastor, or barbacoa. Service is weak.  Lots of people running around for few customers but not good about reflls, checking on you, giving advice.  My waitress did not translate well and was hard to capture for check, refills, etc.  The worst part is that from my seat I could see her dumping food and drink remains in a garbage can (or picking off the floor) and then stopping, shaking off her hands and grabbing people's food orders to go out.  (ick)  I could see at least one of the cooks did wear latex gloves. Some guy came and delivered a business card to my table that looked like a prayer card on one side but when you flipped it over it was an ad to call for sex. It was a weird experience. (Not the best neighborhood.) There was a cooler full of cake slices and flan but no prices posted.  I'd have been more inclined to buy if I knew the price up front.  You pay for your bill at the cashier in the adjacent Mexican grocery (where there were many unique  cookie, cake and bread items for only $1). I would go eat here again as I think it's a place where you learn what is spectacular on the menu....in my case, it was on everyone else's plate!
I brought the family this time. They had some pretty rockin' looking pastries, fresh from the bakery this time around when we walked in. Anyhow, same great food, great service, and some very tasty green chile salsa.  I ordered the Tacos Americanos this time, and they were delish but I'll stick with the more traditional tacos next time. My wife loved them however. My youngest ordered a burrito, and wow...it was like a little football filled with steak, rice, beans, and other goodies! Hes's a big eater and could only eat 1/2. Dad ate the remainder for lunch the next day. :) I could have sworn we were out west until you walk back out to the parking lot. So good! Drinks and everything for $29(including tip); a bargain, and a delicious one I might add.
Best Mexican in town. However go early or call ahead, especially if u are going during your lunch hour.  May take a while, but it's well worth it.  Guacamole is great and anything with the Carne Asada is yummy!  I prefer the taco Americana because I like flour tacos and they come with sour cream, quest fresco, lettuce and tomato.  The corn tacos only come with onion and celantro.
How has it taken me 5 years to find this place??? Our daughter loves Mexican food and we were looking for something different and good for her birthday... thanks Yelpers because what we found is Mega Mercado and we are simply thrilled! No, it's not fancy. Actually it's the exact opposite of that. But it's got serious Mexican food street cred! I had a Barbacoa Taco, a Carnitas Taco, and a Chorizo Sopas... all were fantastic! Soft corn tortillas, crumbly Queso Fresco, tasty fresh toppings... this is not Taco Bell! Hubs got the Jumbo Chicken & Cheese Quesadilla and loved it too! Only disappointment was they were sold out of El Pastor :-( But that just gives me a built-in excuse to go back and try the homemade Paletas! And yes, we'll def go back.  Step outside of your comfort zone, ignore the "just off Wabash" locale, and go get some real Mexican food. You're welcome!
This place is effing glorious. Great prices, great service, food is phenomenal. I get the tacos American style (specifically Carne asada and Pollo), and they do not skimp on the delicious cheese (the authentic, fresh, crumbly kind... Queso Fresco I think it's called?). My boyfriend loves the chorizo tostada. Chips are fresh and delicious. Plus their guacamole is off the chain, made fresh of course. I just had the coconut ice cream for the first time, it was incredible....My boyfriend got the chocolate and I wish I would have gotten both because it was legit the best chocolate ice cream I've ever had. I don't even like chocolate ice cream! The combo was heavenly. Ice cream is made there as well. We just moved back to Tampa from Minneapolis and I'm so excited to be able to go here again. If I lived in Lakeland I'd probably eat there every day and be 5000 pounds. Yum yum yum. GO THERE.
Truly authentic and best Mexican food that I've had in Florida.   Tacos include fresh cilantro, onions, & limes.  Quesadillas are filled with chunks of marinated meat.  I ordered the seafood soup.  It took a while, but well worth it. The broth tasted fresh and not from bouillon.   Lots of chopped squid, shrimp, fish and snow crab.   I thought it was going to be a cup but ended up with a huge bowl.  Service will be a bit slow, but the food is outstanding.  Free chips and medium hot salsa.
Good food. Great portions. Authentic flavor very fresh guacamole. Dont be deceived by the location. A must try if you are in the Lakeland area.
Wow, this is truly an awesome yelp find! I didn't know what I wanted for dinner so I just did a random nearby search. Mega Mercado came up so I told my bf I wanted to go there. We gps'd, drove, arrived, and he paused. He asked me, "Why are we at a Spanish grocery store? Are you SURE you want to eat here?" In the name of my tummy, I smiled and nodded my head. We entered Mega Mercado on the left entrance, which is the restaurant side. The restaurant is connected to the grocery store, but there is a separate designated dining area. Not knowing if we should sit or order at the front; we just walked to the front to be sure. The waitress informed us to just sit anywhere and someone would help us shortly. Our waitress immediately came to our table and greeted us. She spoke Spanish to us, but switched to English when she noticed I wasn't following her. I didn't really pay attention to the drink offerings, but I did hear they carry both coke AND pepsi products. The menu had great variety so we ordered a lot of things to try. After ordering, our waitress gave us complimentary chips and salsa.  Now, up until the ordering, we weren't expecting much, but once we started munching on our freshly made tortilla chips and dunking them into the fiery hot salsa, we were convinced their food was legit. Our food took some time to make, but when it came out; everything was piping hot. We got steak tacos, 1 chorizo sope, 1 chorizo gordita, and a menudo pequeno. I loved the chorizo filling! It had the perfect blend of spices that made every bite amazing. The tacos were equally delicious with the steak filling being perfectly marinated and tender. The sope was a fried bread disc slathered in refried beans and topped with your choice of meat, lettuce, tomatoes, and queso fresco. I never had menudo before so I figured it would be a good time to try it out. In my eyes, menudo was kind of like a cow stomach stew. The menudo comes with a condiment dish of onions, cilantro, and lime wedges. The server also gave us a choice of corn or flour tortillas to dip. While the broth was tasty, the richness of the soup was too much for me. I definitely made use of the condiment dish to help cut the richness. In the end we were so stuffed and had plenty of leftovers. You receive your bill at the table, but you pay at the grocery checkout. Our experience was great at this no frills restaurant: quality food, cheap prices, and attentive service.
Don't let the location and appearance fool you. The food is outstanding. The tacos are amazing. I get the steak and add avocado. The inside is a little rough. Could definitely use an update. Bring cash for the tip because you pay at the cashier of the grocery store part.
I heard about Mega Mercado from a local blogger. I would have given a four and a half, but only whole numbers. I have eaten twice at this location and impressed both times for this Mexican grocery store/bakery/restaurant. The soaps I have for lunch on the first visit were fabulous as the service. Very attentive since they knew it was my first time. Wish I had jotted down the server's name. Next time, I arrived around 10:30 a.m. And wanted breakfast. I ordered chorizo and eggs. It was very good, scrambled eggs with browned chorizo with the rypical Mexican accompaniments. There were at least three eggs in the dish and it was very good. I did not know, till later, I could have ordered the eggs fried, which I would have preferred with the tortillas. Next time
I think this is the best Mexican food in town. I recently came up here after reading about it on here and it did not disappoint. I had a steak burrito the wife had pork carnitas tacos and a order of guacamole. The chips and salsa was fresh and the salsa does have a good kick to it. We came back the following weekend and got it to take home and watch the airshow from our porch.
Absolutely wonderful. Fantastic, authentic Mexican food. Barbacoa quesadillas are superb! Highly recommend it.
Excellent food, the best al pastor tacos I ever had in the states, muy buenos tacos y comida en general
I just recently moved from California to Lakeland so as a result I know a thing or two about Mexican cuisine. After being disappointed every time I went to a Mexican restaurant I had almost stopped trying Mexican food altogether. Then I happen to stop by this gem. The restaurant is attached to a Mexican grocery store and the food in my opinion is phenomenal. This is not at all your typical Tex-Mex this is authentic and delicious. The carne asada is super tasty and perfectly prepared. I've had the tacos, the burritos and the sopes... & all have been first class. I recently happened to try the Caldo de Res and I have to say it is the best I have ever had; it contained tons of meat and delicious flavor. I can't say enough good things about this place. It is a local mom & pop shop nothing fancy but that's not the point... it's got excellent food!
Great tacos I only go during the day because the location is not in the best spot.  I get the steak tacos with queso, onions and selantro with lime juice on top.  Yummy
If you want 100% authentic Mexican food this is the place to be.  Order the 4 tacos of asada or try the asada tortas.  My brother enjoy the mixed fajitas.  To drink, have one of their natural "Aguas".
