I love this place. I love it so much. It has made weekends in Lakeland bearable- at least where food is concerned. It is a rare restaurant that gets better with each visit. This has been one. I learned on my first visit that I am not a huge fan of Pho- I tried it because I've heard much fanfare but I didn't realize what I was getting into. Cilantro is one of my mortal enemies. And I've recently discovered that Thai Basil is high on that list too. And that's what the broth tasted of. I'm sure that's great for most people, but I won't do that again. Next time I tried the duck soup. Much better for my taste- but the duck was difficult to eat in a restaurant environment (bones in, in soup). So I finally found my dish. The Pork Egg Noodle Soup. It's just... It's just supreme. My bf get the teriyaki chicken most visits- and it's also exceptional. It tempts me every time, but I always am stuck on the soup. It's worth mentioning that for the first 3 visits I tried ordering the Vietnamese Sandwich (the only Vietnamese food I have a history with from my time living in NYC), and the third time the waitress told me the guy who makes the bread doesn't work on Sundays. I'm not sure if that's temporary, or if I'll just never be able to re-live some of my happiest sandwich memories in Lakeland. Some other things: I've tried a few of their appetizers (the pancakes, spring rolls, crab rangoon, mushroom soup- all excellent). Every time I go I get Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Don't miss out. And after we eat we can't resist the Boba Tea. I recommend that you don't resist it either. Thai Tea and Lychee have always been my favorites- but Saigon Bistro has a really decent flavor selection and all that I've tried are yummy. I always get blended and it's refreshing to not get a cup full of air (Tampa/Lakeland can be very hit or miss in this area). So yeah. I'm obsessed. It's amazing. The only thing I can relate to in their negative reviews is sometimes the lack good/consistent service- but this is not a fine dining restaurant. It is essentially really really good fresh kind of fast food. And it's soooooo worth it.
It's hysterical to see people talking about Orlando and how much better the Vietnamese food is there. I moved here from Los Angeles, not Orlando, a place that's actually known for its vietnamese food. haha... I also have many close friends who are Vietnamese and have eaten at tons of Vietnamese restaurants and home cooked Vietnamese meals. That being said, Siagon Bistro is very good; to say it's good for "Lakeland" says much more about the commenter than the quality of their review. I also appreciate how Siagon Bistro is accommodating to those that eat a plant based diet. My last visit I got the Tofu and Vegetable Pad Thai and a Vietnamese Ice Coffee. It was all very good and i'll be back again soon. Hopefully the pretentious Orlando natives won't show up and the crowd will thin out a bit.
Wow. This place was wonderful. The food was delicious. Service was great and every table was filled. I ordered a rice noodle salad and it was huge. Bit I enjoyed every bite anyway. Local made it even better. Definitely going to become a regular.
Dined here April 2, 2012. I didn't catch that the post was not complete.  On a time crunch, took my wife, daughter and son to dinner. We had Kisha for service and she got us in and out very quickly (Thanks Kisha!). My foodie daughter from NorCal loved her bun-bowl, my son had his favorite combo fried rice, my wife enjoyed her vegetable pho and my broccoli rice was terrific; we shared summer rolls around the table with peanut sauce, delicious and very fresh-tasting. Would like sugar brought with tea.
I have just started going here recently as I've been feeling adventurous cuisine-wise.  Never disappointed.  I am a vegetarian and while the menu may look meat-heavy at first glance, they are always willing to do what they can to make it vegetarian for me.  My sister, who doesn't normally care for asian cuisine, LOVES their crab wontons.  Pad Thai for me, though.
Very delicious. I had something that was similar to Pad Thai, but with a different name. Vietnamese Noodles of some kind. Anyway it was very delicious, and they give so much food. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. It wasn't spicy, but I was able to add spice to my taste by the chili sauces that are on the table. The atmosphere was lovely too. Very clean and modern. I would go back in a heartbeat!
I lived in a different city once, you know.  My friend was a chef in that city. He was the kind that always looked for new places to eat, places that were not the most popular and known. He took me to this neglected strip mall nested between an interstate and a busy highway. If you drove by it, you were probably looking at the traffic lights and the exit signs. You probably passed by this place and would not even see this little strip mall. Most stores in this strip mall were Korean and Vietnamese. A little grocery store, a restaurant, and a nail salon. Maybe a fourth business. I don't remember. Trust me, you wouldn't look twice. My friend and his girlfriend met me there. I let them order for me. They were regulars. A few minutes later, I had a hot steaming bowl of beef pho in front of me. And a plate of bean sprouts, fresh basil, and fresh jalapeno. That broth was delicious. So many flavors, I couldn't keep track of them. We ate till there were tears in our eyes. My friend, the chef told me that they boil the broth for over twenty-four hours. All pieces of meat, the tripe and tendons were tender and soft. This place was legit. After dinner, we walked into the Korean grocery store. We bought some sua doc (Vietnamese coffee), and some homemade kimchi. That was a good day. A few years later I moved to Lakeland. My new friends took me to Saigon Bistro. Exciting memories of that Vietnamese Pho restaurant came flooding. I ordered a beef pho enthusiastically. A steaming bowl arrived. My excitement did not last much longer after the first sip. I go back here only to get some culinary diversity in my diet. And I certainly do not order any Pho. I stick to the noodles which are decent. The service is usually good. In Lakeland, you only have so much variety. So you take them when you can. Does not necessarily mean you want to. #imissrealvietnamesepho
This is a good place, and I'm glad we have it here. The summer rolls shouldn't fall apart when you pick them up though. I'm just being honest but it's little touches like that that separate a great place from a good place. They are really nice folks though. There are some tastier spots in Orlando that are staggering good, so just worth noting. However, for Lakeland... it's good enough.
Not bad for a Vietnamese restaurant in this good old town of Lakeland. I usually eat their Pho when I go. Everything I've tried here is pretty good. The only exception is the egg noodle pork soup I ordered. The pork was bad/rancid. Took one bite and spit it out immediately. They took it back and brought me a bowl of Pho. Staff is pretty nice and service is decent. We are regulars here when I can't make it to mom's for a home cooked meal. :) I would also like to add - the Bun Bo Hue here is freaking delish. If you like spicy, this is for you. Let them take your money already!
Best Vietnamese restaurant in Lakeland, FL. However, if they have the whole fresh chili, it will be better for some of their dishes.
SO DELICIOUS!!! The food is to die for.  The servers are super friendly and the place looks really clean.   The food did not take more than 10 mins to reach our table after we ordered.  Great service! We got the crab wonton appetizer and it tasted really good with the sauces.  We ordered the stir-fry rice noodles and one of the soups.  Everything tasted great.
one of my favorite spots! authentic and totally different
I was sitting in the Abuelos parking lot, thinking 'there has to be something else!'.  Enter yelp Nearby function.  Vietnamese?  Yes please! It was late, so most patrons had already cleared out.  My waitress was friendly and efficient.  The place is open, bright and clean.  Street parking, if you're lucky, or walk a bit from a nearby lot like I did.  It's in an outdoor mall, so the window shopping (or real shopping, as I ended up doing) is fun.  Larger menu than I am used to for a Vietnamese place. No garlic sauce made it easy for me to choose the Rare Beef Pho over the rice or rice noodle plates.  Very good Pho.  I didn't need to add much of the table seasonings to my bowl, which is how I gage a place. Fresh Summer Rolls were properly crispy and chewy.  Peanut sauce was average (which still means good).  Thai Milk Tea, iced with boba, was soooo good - think cold chai with tapioca pearls.
I was very skeptical about going to a Vietnamese place in Lakeland since I've gone to a lot of great ones in Orlando. But after experiencing Saigon Bistro... I have to say that I am impressed. I am definitely impressed with the service. As soon as we stepped in the door, we were greeted and welcomed. The staff were all very attentive. I honestly have never seen such great service at a Vietnamese joint before. I had my regular Pho soup with rare beef strips. It was pretty good. My friends had crab wontons which were pretty good too... they were made of real crab! (and NOT Krab with a 'K'!) haha Good stuff!
Just ok!! If you really have been to a similar place you would rank this at the bottom but in Lakeland it gets good reviews! Not hardly!!
Pho was not fresh and flavorless. Veggie fried rice was burnt tasting, but moist, so eatable. Pork egg rolls looked burned, but they were the best part of the meal! Service was great, so our server earned a full tip!!
Saigon Bistro is consistently flavorful and delicious with excellent service.  Love the "clean" tastes and layers of spices.  Haven't gotten a bad dish.  Never make it to the pho cuz I'm loving everything else!  Parking is a pain, I'd love this place to move somewhere else where more cars can park close by.  I'd eat here five times more often!
I've been back here a few more times and I still love it. Very yummy. The white chocolate boba tea is really good! Customer service could be a tad better. Will be back again and again!
Saigon has become a weekly staple for me. I love the fresh summer rolls and the Pho soup. It's healthy and filling, but most of all tastes great!
We had the chicken stir fry and chicken rice noodle salad. I would highly recommend both dishes along with the summer roll appetizer. Also the Vietnamese Iced Coffee is delish.
Initially wasn't pleased about the service and walked out (waited a long time and watched others being served). Decided to turn around and go back in. It is Pho after all. Glad I did. Food was good considering the local. I'm used to Viet in St. Pete and Orlando so I'm kinda spoiled. Overall after initial misgivings happy I went back and I will return again.
Absolutely one of my favorite places to eat! Friendly service, delicious food, minimalist decor, and pretty plating of the food. I strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Needed a blast of some good grub before a long drive back to Miami and was a bit worried about how authentic a place in a mall setting would be. After eating here, I can honestly say I would try everything on the menu. The service was exceptional, the location was spotless and the food was DELICIOUS. For an appetizer, I had the summer rolls with bbq pork meatballs - SUPER fresh and delicious. For the main course I had the chicken pho which was stellar: very tasty, very fresh and super abundant. If I lived closer, I'd be a regular for sure.
Wow! Found this place, well actually through yelp! The food is incredible, the service is outstanding. Our server Raechel was very informative, fast and super friendly! I let her pick out my meal and she hit it out of the park. With all the restaurants around this area, the competition is fierce, however this place stands above the rest! Do not pass it up.
Great service, very clean and the food is exceptional!  A must eat at in Lakeland. The Chefs Special Soup is outstanding with very good depth. Everyone was very attentive and the Manager made it a point to make sure everything was good. Keep up the great service and the food quality. You could really taste the freshness
Saigon Bistro is one of my favorite Lakeland spots. After traveling many places and trying their Pho, I can honestly say theirs is so far above any other. The flavors are so fresh and healthy. Saigon has become a Lakeland hotspot. Very clean with a welcoming vibe. The owners are so kind and wholeheartedly want to serve others and make the best Vietnamese food. You must go!
Great service, great food, and great atmosphere. What more could you want. Love the video menu board. We had the BBQ duck soup, teriyaki chicken with rice noodles, and the Vietnamese beef fried rice all were outstanding.
Not only is it good vietnamese for Lakeland, its good vietnamese for anywhere! It's seriously amazing. Go!
Excellent food, great service.  Pho is as good as I've gotten anywhere.  If you want Vietnamese in Lakeland, this is the place to go.
We made the long drive down to Lakeland, seeing all the great reviews for Saigon Bistro. However, we were quite disappointed. The pho was ok, but small vegetable portions. The special was actually pretty good, but not memorable. I tried the durian smoothie that was made fresh, but I hardly tasted the durian flavor. The only thing that kept this restaurant from 2 starts for me was the service. Our server was very attentive, polite, and sweet. The overall flow of the restaurant was smooth and efficient, and the decor was cute.
I went here last night for the first time while in town for business.  I spent a month in Vietnam 2 years ago and the Pho here was just as I remembered it!  I added fresh lime juice, a few basil leaves, and a bit of the brown sauce.  They also had the option to add sprouts and spicier red sauces, but I don't care much for either.  The portion was huge and the price reasonable.  I also ordered the shrimp fresh summer roll which came out as two large rolls with delicious peanut dipping sauce.  My only negative comment there was that the rice paper wrapping was slightly too tough to bite off, but overall I enjoyed the appetizer (and ate the whole thing). I found the staff to be friendly and attentive and I enjoyed the sleek, but casual atmosphere.  I ate alone with a book and felt perfectly comfortable.  I'll be sure to visit again on my next trip to Lakeland!
The freshness of the vegetables they use really impressed me. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food. The waitresses were very nice and I really enjoyed the Vietnamese iced coffee I had. My only complaint is in regards to the overly religious slideshow continually playing while you eat (I'm a strong believer in separation of church and steak) besides that it was a very enjoyable experience.
Love the food, but I'm very disappointed with the way my wife was treated today. She called in her usual order of Salmon Summer Rolls (Yum!) and arrived there 15 minutes later. After waiting for 30 additional minutes on her lunch break, they finally managed to get the two rolls done. She goes to pay after sitting there the entire time and is told that the card reader was not working, yet she didn't have any cash on her or time to go get some. They would not let her take the $6 worth of food they've prepared even though the first three customers before were able to leave their information if they had no cash. Despite her plea, lunch was not served and a frequent customer was very disappointed...
One of my FAV spots in Lakeland everything here is good.
Had the Pho soup with chicken.  It tasted like they opened up canned chicken and canned broth and dumped stuff in the bowl.  Did not taste like they cooked it there. Was very bland and tasteless.
We love this place.  My favorites are Huynh's Favorite Dish (Spicy Beef) and the Crispy Spring Rolls.  Fresh food fast!
We have eaten here twice now-consistently good food.  We no longer have to go all the way to Orlando when we have a pho craving.
Love love love it!!! I've never had a bad experience here. The food is always fresh and delicious and served quickly. The boba tea is awesome..I get cravings for it, it's so good! The spring rolls are amazing. The pho is so good, and if you're sick it's the best thing to help u feel better. The chicken and steak teriyaki are always a safe bet. In short, Saigon Bistro is a good place to get some great food!
I can't rave about this place enough.  My colleague and I came here twice while we were here for work, as we were so impressed with our first visit.   My only complaint was the first time the service was amazing and super attentive, while the second time, the place was packed and the service extremely slow. I'll definitely be back. This was the tastiest Vietnamese food I've ever found in Florida.
Fantastic!  Pho, lettuce wraps, summer rolls, and more.  Great new little bistro at Lakeside Village.  Next to PacSun.
I have ordered take out a couple of times.  The person on the phone knows the menu enough to advise what items are vegan (though the soups look soooo good). The summer roll is awesome.  My coworkers enjoyed Huyngs Fav Dish and the Broccoli over rice.  Everything looks fresh, crisp and they do customize.  I wish they had delivery service, but they are worth the trip.
Excellent bun, pho & spring rolls! Great servcie and wonderful shrimp...! I will be back!
They were a lil disorganized. Had 3 different servers... Had pho- it was okay. Clean broth and you can smell the cinnamon as soon as they bring it. You can tell the servers haven't tried very much of the food cause they forgot to bring the bean sprouts, basil, jalapeños, and lime...when they finally brought it over-- it was drenched in water. The servers didnt really know how to eat the food. Anyways I also tried the Vietnamese pancake. Since it was my first time, I can't really give a knowledgable review on it. All I can say, it was very crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside with crunchy bean sprouts. Fish sauce was great!! Coulda used more lettuce. Overall, if I visit FL again, I will be giving another place a try because this place didn't really stick out to me. (Mind you, I've had pho in Toronto, Washington, D.C., Boston, Philly, NYC, Rochester, and now- Lakeland so I'm fairly picky when it comes to pho)
This place is wicked good.  Amazing noodle dish at lunch.  Spot on
Great food. Quick, friendly service. Pad Thai was great, as were the vegetarian spring rolls. Vegetables and herbs were all very fresh.
The red curry is excellent. Full of flavor and lot of spice.
Really nice atmosphere and great food and service.  Love the chicken pho!!!
I've eaten Vietnamese food all over the country, from California to New York City, and I must say that Saigon Bistro is among the best I've tried. Also, the service and atmosphere make me feel welcomed, as if I were part of their family. I'd recommend ANY of their dishes, but especially their pho on an especially chilly day. Great experience!
Very nice experience and great food. This was my first vietnamese experience, and Indian or Thai curry does not always mean very hot. So I had ordered the curry (mild) and this was simply too hot for me. They replaced with the mixed veggie and that was just wonderful! No fuzz, just very nice! I may be in the area frequently due to work and will definitely come back.
My wife and I had a night to ourselves and decided to check out the new place in Lakeside Village, Saigon Bistro. The first thing we noticed was how loud it was in there. That wasn't a terrible thing but we definitely had a hard time hearing one another. We ordered our food and waited quite a while until finally my dish came out. We waited a few minutes and my wife's dish still hadn't come out yet. We were pretty hungry, so we decided to share what we had. About 15 to 20 minutes later, the second dish arrived. Unfortunately, it was the exact same dish as the first one. They brought out the same dish twice! Getting the waitress' attention was impossible as well. Sorry but this was an awful experience and while the food wasn't too bad, I doubt I'll be going back again.
I've now been here 7 times and can say it continues to improve.  The first few visits itw as apparent that the staff were just getting comfortable and the food was yet to be consistently prepared. Early problems did include disappearing wait staff, bland pho (I had the seafood version) and technical problems with the credit system. Everything seems to be running smoothly now and I'm a huge fan! My favorite Vietnamese spots in Tampa and Brandon have all closed and the ones remain are sub-par at best.   My to-die-for favorite here is the Vietnamese Pancake, Banh Xeo.  I order it with shrimp only - and it's heavenly.  The combination of textures is amazing - crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside, salty, sweet, tangy - OMG!  You cut or tear off a portion, place inside a lettuce leaf with a fresh Thai basil leaf, roll up and then dunk in the dipping sauce.  INCREDIBLE!!  (Do order extra lettuce, though - never enough!) While it is listed as an appetizer, I regularly choose this as my entre, along with a shared order of shrimp summer rolls.  Make sure to doctor up the rolls' dipping sauce with some hoisin sauce and sriracha.  Hubby always has the rice noodle salad with beef, Bun Cha Gio Bo Nuong (used to be my favorite before the pancake) and loves its fresh flavors. I have a trusted Banh Mi spot in Tampa so not sure this one will compare, but wil definitely try it here next time! The Boba tea is always a fun way to end a meal, but my preference is to sit back and relax with a cup of Vietnamese coffee.  Mmmmm - strong and sweet! The owners are truly dedicated to providing you with a delicious meal and want you to be their regular guests. The wait staff is attentive and offer advice, instruction and encouragement in trying new dishes. If there is a negative here, it has to be the noise level.  We're happy to see the place packed, but it is difficult to carry on a conversation easily during busy hours.  I'm ok with that - I'm coming to eat, not chit chat!  :-)
Great find in Lakeland amongst your run of the mill chains and fast food. Everything was freshly made and tasted great.
Consistently great food. Their menu will appeal those looking for authentic Vietnamese food and the less adventurous alike. Very clean inside and out also.
Great food and service! The host that seated and our waitress were so friendly. I had never had Vietnamese food before and our waitress was so nice and answered all of my questions. We had the summer rolls, banh mi sandwich, and chef's favorite - all good. Really good boba tea too. Looking forward to going back and trying some other things on the menu.
This restaurant is a new favorite of mine. Great delicious food, efficient & friendly service, nice ambience, good value.  Only problems I have with the place is that it is lacking in acoustic damping with hard reflective surfaces everywhere so it gets really noisy and the AC needs to be cranked up - it felt hot and humid in there. My ears were actually ringing from the noise the last time I ate there.
Great place for lunch! Had tofu noodles and shrimp with broccoli and rice. Very fresh and tasty!! Highly recommend!
Tried Vietnamese food for the first time along with my wife here and we loved everything about it. We will definitely be coming back to Saigon Bistro.
Ive been here three times and had one of the soups each time...I just cant get past the soups...They are fabulous..Our table usually orders a few appetizers so we can share and sample a variety of things...We had the lettuce wraps which are great...the soft summer rolls are very good too...I also tried the vietnamese pancake and loved it...I wish they had the famous "crispy fish" on the menu but sadly they dont offer it...I think it might be out of the price range they are comfortable with...I read another review complaining about the noise level and it can be noisy when crowded...try getting one of the cafe tables outside if the weather is comfortable...Im wonder if they can improve the accoustics inside...Me and my friends will go back and often...i cant wait until the weather gets colder so i can have a huge steaming bowl of Pho!!!
Fresh Vietnamese Spring rolls, red coconut curry and Bahn Mi were all delicious!  Fast friendly service.  Very reasonably priced. Clean.  Highly recommended.
