This was great!  My review is a little biased because I went with my sister and my niece for a special event today: Earth Science Day.  So there were vendors and tons of informational demonstrations that are not normally there that added to the fun of the day which included the fossil hunt (which is their normal draw). My niece had SO much fun searching for and collecting fossils.  I don't know how many times I heard, "Thank you, Aunt Jamie!"  This is such a great family activity, especially if they have something supplementary going on there as they did today.  It was fun AND educational: the perfect opportunity to be an Aunt!
A great adventure can start here! Ever since I was a child I wanted to be paleontologist and still to this day anything dinosaur or anything related (extinct mammals) fascinates and keeps my attention. Growing up in Western New York I never knew this place excited but truly wish I did. My adventure started here last where during the "Dig with the Experts" event for which I have returned in 2014 to do it again. There are two parts of Penn Dixie, one is the gift shop that holds a variety of gem stones, fossils and other souvenirs for purchase and the other is the dig site/quarry. Driving up to the quarry is pretty unassuming, it is tucked away behind suburban homes and aside from the large sign at the entrance you might think you have gotten lost. For anyone that doesn't know Western New York is situated on what is the lake bed of an ancient lake and Penn Dixie allows you clear access to the stone that has formed from the ancient lake. Walking down you will see a gazebo which is your check-in point, staff will great you and if necessary discuss what to do. You may want to review their website to be partially prepared. Items you will want to consider bringing are chisels, mason hammers, a bucket, newspapers, gloves, safety goggles and clothing that you are ready to get dirty. Either be prepared to change your clothes or have blankets to protect your seats on the drive home. This will be a labor intensive adventure, although you can find fossils by just walking around the stone piles if you can carefully crack the stones you will also be able to find a variety of fossils. Now you wont be finding the next T-Rex but you will be able to find horn corrals, clams and trilobites. There are signs on site that will help you identify your findings or what you need to keep an eye out for. Remember all of these creatures are very delicate and caution should be taken when handling your finds. It is suggested that you wrap your fossils in newspaper and gently place in bags, any additional work or cleaning can be done at home. I highly recommend that you check out their website to find more information, especially if you have a boy or girl scout troop or any other group that is in need of an educational adventure.
Spent the day here with some friends and all of our kids. The kids ranged in ages from 2years to 8 and everyone had a good time including us moms! Back a lunch and spend the day! Cost $19 for one adult and two kids or its $40 for a year membership. Kids get a little lesson on the type of fossils they might find, they have some shovels and buckets you can borrow but I recommend bringing your own as well as hats and sunscreen there is no shade. Kids take home what they find!
