So this place is pretty amazing.  I am usually not one for the buffet style restaurant because well, meh food. This is so opposite of everything I've ever known.  Great, well priced, southern style food. It's about an hour away from where I live, which I can't decide if that's good or bad (I'd probably eat there every day if it were closer). Food was amazing, prices were better than most buffet restaurants.  So to have good food, on a buffet AND cheaper than normal....SCORE.  I will be back for more.   Collard greens, Mac and cheese, fried chicken, pulled pork, mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans, baked beans, and rolls....topped it off with a slice of apple pie....yes, that was my lunch. And it was delicious.
Big country buffet!  I would say that it is a LOCAL spot with come decent grub... don't expect anything GREAT!  But you will get full. They have ribs at dinner time on the buffet -- I went for lunch and the had quite a variety.
DISCLAIMER: I have a real soft spot for Southern comfort food and soul food buffets in general. I do not understand how anyone could give this place fewer than 5 stars. The restaurant is relatively clean,  the food is fresh (b/c of the crowds that go here), it is plentiful, the service is great, and you get all-you-can-eat Southern comfort food? Give me a BREAK. There is nothing close to this place in terms of value anywhere in South West Florida. Just make sure that you haven't eaten in like 3 days and your stomach is super empty. Because you will need all the stomach space you can get. OH YEAH, and do NOT miss the pecan pie.
One of the best buffet-style meals I've ever had....and I DON'T like buffets!!  Every dish is as good as grandma made it.....to finish the meal, try the Pecan pie....it will change your life.  Our server/Lauren was incredible as well!!!  I will go out of my way to go here again!!!
Absolutely wonderful service and good hearty southern comfort food. The food was a little cold, could tell it was sitting out a bit but was definitely filling and perfect for the price. Thank you Kayla for your hospitality!
Awesome place real home cooking. The food is great.  service is good and friendly.  This place has some of the best ribs and pulled pork. We absolutely love it.
Blows Cracker Barrel out of the water! Food was hot and fresh and very reasonable. If you buy a buffet Mon and Wed kids eat off of it for free. I ordered a meal and 1 buffet. I spent the same amount as if I were at McDonalds and the food was 1000 times better!
As I turned the corner onto the warehouse-filled section of MLK, we both saw the packed parking lot and our hearts sank. We'd shown up at quarter past church. But we found a space between the back of the restaurant and a nearby wholesale produce warehouse, near the young egrets trying to raid the dumpster. We rolled up the ramp and past a few dozen well-shod feet, and asked timidly how long the wait was. "For just two? I can seat y'all right now!" Mormon_Tabernacle_Choir_Hallelujah.mp3 The menu confused us a bit. Let me save you the same confusion: If you're the type to only take small portions at a buffet until you know what you like, you'll pay the lower price on the left, which Fred's calls "Waste Not, Want Not" (sometimes spelled "Waist Not, Want Not"). If you tend to serve yourself a scoop of carrot-raisin salad and a bowl of shrimp gumbo, then taste both and decide you'd rather not eat it, prepare to be charged the "Regular" price on the right. It's not that they charge you extra for wasting food, you see. Oh, no. I've only known "Asian" buffets to phrase it as a penalty. What Fred's is offering is a DISCOUNT for not making them throw out a lot of food. And they're not jerks about it. If you take a small portion of something and you just don't like it, that's fine. Just start off with a single piece, or a serving the size of a golf ball, and if you try it all and only like half the things you tried, they're going to give you credit for minimizing waste. I tried nearly everything I could (I'm vegetarian, so my hot bar was $10 instead of $13), and I didn't find anything I disliked. Macaroni and cheese is very nearly a complete ingredients list. None of that Velveeta crap. Collard greens without ham? Yes ma'am. And they're delicious in their own pot likker, not salty at all. Black-eyed peas? More, please. Just barely salty enough, and mixed with green beans. Pole beans? Fit for queens. And you can bet there's a difference between pole beans (flatter, almost like pea pods) and green beans, and the folks here know it. Enough with the doggerel. Yeast rolls keep coming out of the kitchen at a pace that keeps up with their disappearance. They're fresh, soft, and slightly sweet. Roasted sweet potatoes and young enough to avoid any tough or fibrous bites, and are buttered and sprinkled with cinnamon, but not further sweetened. In short, Fred's is the gold standard by which Golden Corral must weep. Fred's Market Restaurant serves Southern food that tastes like itself and not like a salt lick or a bucket of corn syrup. I lived and Yelped in Atlanta for five years and I have no hesitation in saying that Fred's would earn the respect of its Yelpers and its food bloggers. It wouldn't be a Southern experience without hospitality, and Fred's sparkles in that department as well. Our water glasses were never empty. The manager came by and addressed our neighbor by name, even though the context of their brief conversation made it plain she'd been absent for a while. She also stopped at our table and said she'd heard it was our first time here, and wanted to know if there was anything she could do to make it better. Can't think of a single thing, we told her.
Good southern buffet at a decent price! When we went they had fried chicken, meatloaf, ribs and chicken and dumplings with quite a few veg options. The ribs were decent, the chicken and dumplings weren't great and I didn't try the chicken or meatloaf. The cheddar biscuits were very dry but the Mac and cheese, corn casserole and salad options were pretty good. The dessert options were the best, I got the pecan pie, which was good!
I ate lunch @ Fred's today. They had two proteins, Fried Chicken and Meatloaf. Both were good. The sides were fresh but the greens looked great but were tasteless. The buffet is limited compared to most places, but the food was of good quality. The hostess was indifferent but my server was very nice.
I want to come back
I came to Florida on vacation 10 days ago,  leaving today.  So far the food has been unremarkable.  On our way to the airport I yelped restaurants and Fred's came up.  The parking lot was packed.  We put our name in for a 10 minute wait and relaxed on the rocking chairs out front.  Once we were seated,  we all ordered the buffet. I typically try to avoid buffets because they usually contain a lot of bland processed,  boxed foods. Not Fred's. The food came out in the dishes they were cooked in and the variety was outstanding.  All Southern food.  I loaded my plate with mashed potatoes and gravy,  fried chicken,  macaroni and cheese,  sweet rolls, a corn/bacon dish and a garlic cheese roll.  There were a lot of foods that weren't familiar to me,  but I'm also not from the south.  After the main dish,  I had a piece each of peach and blueberry cobbler.  I wish I could have tried more,  but I just didn't have the room in my stomach.  They charge you less if you clean your plate and everything I tried was delicious, so that wasn't a problem for me. To top it off,  I was pleasantly surprised when the bill arrived with a total of $18.17 for myself and daughter.  My meal was $12.99, hers was $3.99. Quite a bargain for such fantastic food. This is exactly what I was looking for before heading back to California.  Thank you Fred's!
I didn't get the buffet option at Fred's Market Restaurant which is why I might have been pretty neutral about the food here. I came here with a visiting friend so that we could have some Southern food while he was in Florida. The place is home-style, with cute rocker chairs on the porch outside--the quintessential Southern feel. The interior is also spacious and clean, and the staff seats you right away. I got the Pork Smokey, which is made of slow smoked BBQ pork with pickles and onions between Brioche buns, and the sweet potato fries. The sandwich was just okay to me. The meat was very tender and slathered in barbecue sauce, but the meat was quite fatty, and the buns were soggy as well. The sweet potato fries were nothing to write home about either since they weren't seasoned that well, and had pretty much no sweetness, although this might have been because of the sweet potatoes used. The food is filling though, so you get the bang for your buck. My friend had the lunch buffet, and he seemed pretty happy with his meal. There's definitely a huge selection for a southern buffet here, so take advantage of that if you come. Overall, I wasn't too impressed by Fred's but it was decent.
Catfish was great.  All the veggies were great.  Service was southern and friendly. Cheese grits were great.   Salad bar I would stay away from And the price is decent...
Great buffet of southern favorites.  Green beans, collard greens, fried chicken, etc.  great service.
So we went for dinner tonight Friday August 29th. The place was pretty busy. We arrive and the older lady came over and took our name and said about 10 minutes and walked away back to her conversation that was obviously more important than paying customers. A young guy came along and took us to a table right away. The server was nice and friendly. The buffet was pretty stocked and most everything was nice and fresh. There were some things like the mashed potatoes and they were actually so cold they seemed as if they just came out of the fridge with no heating. There were a few other items that were not executed as well as the Fred's in Lakeland. Most specifically the sweet potato casserole not nearly as good as theirs in Lakeland. I preferred the banana pudding in Lakeland as well. Here at the PC location they put it on the salad bar so the cookies were soggy. I took a star away because of the old lady at the registers/host stand. She spent the entire time we were there eating sitting at the table next to us with her daughter and son in law. its all cute if you family comes to where you work and chit chat with them for a couple minutes and then get back to work but to spend the entire time we were there camping out at their table while others did her job was another story. She is about as friendly as a rock. I still say the lakeland location is better and that is sad since PC is my home town.
Feels like home!   As soon as you walk by the row of rocking charis you know you're home.  Opening the front door and smelling the great food reaffirms this notion. The service was terrific. The food was even better.  My favorite dish from the buffet has to be the Fried Chicken and Fried Tomatoes. The Sweet Tea was on the money.   I do have one problem though, I went for lunch during my work day and now I need to take a nap and there's no napping allowed here.  Bummer!
Why 3 stars?  Because it was exactly what you'd expect and exactly what we were looking for.   ---   ---   --- Another Saturday, another 0-3 softball tournament for Team Red Flash.  As usual, the consolation for the day is a delicious meal to the help heal the wounds of getting run-ruled three times.  (That means losing by 15 runs for you non softballers.)  It hurts just to type that. Fried Chicken, Mashed Potatoes with Gravy, Corn Pudding, Stuffing, Pasta Salad, Cornbread, etc., etc, etc.  No dish that's going to put Fred's on the Michelin list, but no dish below the level of "satisfying."   As a non-frequenter of the city of Strawberries, I am completely out of the loop when it comes to "The Places To Be In Plant City."  However, this was apparently very high on the list, as it was very busy.  We had about a 15 minute wait on a Saturday afternoon around 2:00.  That's a long wait in P.C. I will return to Fred's next time I'm in Plant City.  Maybe for Strawberry Festival if I'm not too full from Shortcake and Cool Whip. Who am I kidding?  Of course I'll be too full from that.  So maybe next time.
I was really impressed with the quality, diversity, and southern homemade feel of Fred's Southern Kitchen buffet.  Don't come if you're on a diet, looking to keep that waistline slim, or want to limit your cholesterol intake.   Some of the delicious buffet items included BBQ ribs, fried chicken, sweet mashed yams, black eyed peas, green beans, fried okra, chicken noodle soup, and a heart attack variety of desserts from strawberry covered cakes to puddings.  With all great varieties of food, it's hard to contain yourself and you really have to come up with a game plan before you start throwing slabs of ribs on your plate or else you may not be able to try everything. They claim to have fried catfish on their website, but due to increasing food cost, it wasn't surprising to find that their white fried fish was not catfish.  The waiter didn't know exactly what kind of fish it was but I imagine some kind of polluck or maybe even tilapia.   On a side note, one waitress dropped her whole tray of drinks (maybe 6 or 7) all over the table of a large family group.  While I did feel bad for her, everyone took it in good stride and I had one of those Southwest Airlines commercial moments in my head that said "wanna get away?"
Love Fred's Market. Don't go unless you are extremely hungry or willing to be miserably full. :) The food is southern and great. They always keep the buffet full. Desserts are ok but nothing great.
Wow Fresh Tasty Southern food! It is unusual to see buffet this fresh!  Especially market fresh vegetable are tasty like home made. I am not just saying it! It is also not salty, I thought everything was cooked to complement each ingredient at small portions and without over doing with seasoning. So, actually can taste the beautiful vegetable flavors! Very descent price. plus Happy HR Disc, Senior Disc, Vegetarian Disc ..... If you do not waste any food, they give you $2 off! It is call "Waste Not, Want Not Price" Okura, Fried Green Tomato, Corn Bread, Collard Greens, Catfish Fillets, Rutabagas!? etc, etc, It is worth stopping at Plant City........make sure to have enough time for long wait. 4.6 stars as a buffet 4.9 stars
I went here with my grandmother last weekend. AMAZING. ***Disclaimer**** If you are on a diet, this is the last place you should come to eat. The food is all Southern, lots of fried, casserole, meat type dishes that are so delectable your Pavlovian responses will kick in before you get halfway through the buffet line. The ribs were great, the corn casserole stupendous and the corn bread amazing. If you don't get food coma, you didn't do it right. Service was on point, and contrary to the last review I found the establishment to be extremely clean and the food to be in great condition.If you are looking for some authentic good ole down home Southern Cookin', come to Fred's.
We like this place very much and try to make it a point to stop here whenever we can. The food is consistently excellent and a great value for the price,. The selections change from trip to trip. We recently had some pot roast here that was out of this world, along with delicious mashed potatoes.
Love this place!! but... Does have pros and cons Pros: You want homemade southern style cooking? It is here!! Chicken and dumplings? Check! Collard greens? Check!Green beans? Check! Fried chicken? Check! And omg!! Their chicken is unreal!!! Crispy and salty outside and juicy beyond believe on the inside!! Love love love!!! Also their stewed cabbage is absolutely delicious!!! The best I've ever had, and I have had a few! Pot roast and mashed potatoes are absolutely the best!! Green beans are great, soups are very good too. Love their chicken with rice and veggies soup!! It's just so very good, real chicken broth, great balance of all ingredients!!! Yum!! Also Dinner rolls are unbelievable: hot, airy and sweet goodness! Put a touch of butter on it and its heaven!!! They do change up their menu with specials for different days, which  is a great way of keeping customers interested and makes them return (worked for us!) The service is wonderful, the place is consistent in everything, great menu selection and the prices are a match too! Cons: A couple of  dishes leave much to be desired like the seafood, and unfortunately ribs, yes, I know, I said ribs, for a southern place it should be a no-no, but its not their specialty, so I do not hold it against them. And as you can see, pros soooooo prevail over cons, especially for a buffet place.. so we will be back, and that is why 5 stars
Good morning everyone :) Opens early, hot food and great taste.
Went to this Fred's on a recent visit to FL.  Can't say enough good things about this place.  Had the buffet, and while half way through my first plate of food, my exact words were..." somebody pinch me, I think I'm in Heaven". I absolutely love southern style cooking, and this is the very best I've had at an any place I've been to. The food was something you would expect from someone's grandmother, hot, tasty, seasoned just right.  The chicken was crispy, the ribs were good, although when I do BBQ I prefer the meat falling off the bone, but that's a personal preference.  The catfish was crispy, yet not dry, the biscuits to die for.  I loved all the sides, especially the corn pudding, the greens, green beans, it was all good.  Also had the Andoulle sausage, excellent. For dessert I had the apple pie, which was good, but the bread pudding, and pecan pie was off the charts. Great place, looking forward to my next trip back to Tampa area, will definitely be back to Fred's.   Very reasonable for what you get.
If I could give it 10 stars, I would. Picture a restaurant with a bunch of little old grandmothers who cook all-night and morning to put tons of fresh, southern style, Made from scratch entrees on a buffet line by lunch. Homemade macaroni and cheese, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, grits, pecan pie and peach cobbler, etc. this place has it all. If you're anywhere near this place, I highly recommend checking it out. Needless to say though, it's a terrible place place for a diet.
"Get here early! We had smoked fried chicken, ribs, collards, okra, beans, cream corn...the rolls are to die for. Inexpensive & CLEAN (bathrooms & back kitchen). We ended the evening with Blueberry Jubilee..happy happy happy! Kelly was a great server :)"
Service was fine. Buffet was quite limited in my view and the looks of it was not aesthetically pleasing. So much so that I didn't venture past the chicken and mashed potatoes. Chicken was average and honestly the potatoes tasted artificial / instant like. Although I doubt that to be the case, one never knows. Food was average (at best) and price was reasonable for average.  I won't be back though. I leave there really trying to understand how some folks were blown away by this place.  Sadly that question will never get answered.
Lunch is fabulous and breakfast buffet even better.  Where else can you get fried chicken for breakfast to go along with your french toast or pancakes (waffles have to be ordered from regular menu) but french toast and chicken is good too!  Nice  concept with the clean plate club, take what you can eat and pay a lesser price. I have been here many times and will continue to visit.  Grandma was there the last time I visited and she was so very sweet and friendly to our group.
The BEST breakfast buffet! First time for me and I was thoroughly impressed.  Crisp bacon on a buffet is hard to come by sometimes but they nailed it.  The cheese grits were awesome and they had an amazing variety of foods.  Our server was on top of our coffee - never needed to ask for a refill or warm up.
Reminded me of home great southern cooking from the fried green tomatoes to all the different okra dishes cornbread pot roast banana pudding I was in Fat Boys heaven. My wife said it was like a church social everything was in pots and pans look like crock pots the staff was very nice friendly will most definitely go again.
I like to see how they put an extra effort in making the food way better than other restaurants.  This is a good southern food experience. I mean nothing like your Momma cooking, but this is a good approach to southern food.  Especially if you have people who never tried before. They have a a big Menu, Oh my god... They have a sweet potato casserole... Pure Addiction!
Best southern buffet ever. Its not quantity over quality.  It's QUALITY with the right sticker prices.  If you have parents or grandparents in town this is a number one spot to bring them. Go go go, enjoy!
Couldn't ask for a better Plant City meal!!! Low price and home cooking!
I only ever come here for breakfast, so don't read my review if you're planning on doing the lunch or dinner (do they even have dinner here? Idk.) The bacon is perfect (not chewy but not super crispy), and I love that on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays they have an omelette station to make you a custom omelette. The reason I gave only four stars is because their bread stuff (pancakes, French toast, etc) are something to be desired. However, the banana nut muffin is freakin delicious... I can't comment on the service, because usually I get someone I either went to high school or church with growing up, so they're friendly to me anyway. And, if you're extra hungry, apparently if you come around 10:30, you can pay once and stay for breakfast AND lunch. oink oink, piggies! Overall, I love this place, but I don't eat here often, because I value my arteries. Thanks for reading!
The type of place you go to and see ten people you know!  I love the food, but it will really mess up your diet if you aren't careful!  Big buffet, amazing greens, fried chicken, beef tips and rice, cornmeal fried catfish, peach cobbler, & banana pudding.  Whenever I'm away from home for a long time, this is where I go to let me know that I'm back!
a little too southern and a little too buffet for me.  I found it crowded and noisy.  Someone had done a bad job mopping the floor and my feet "stuck" sticky with every step all through the foyer and bathrooms (gross). Flies flew around our large party seating.  Mass spooning of overcooked soft vegetables from slowly heated large containers is just not my idea of "yummy".
Great restaurant I have come here a few times for breakfast and I have not yet had a bad experience.  Both times I have just gotten the breakfast buffet.  The food is really good, the things that stands out the most to me was the grits.  During the summer or at least this summer they have a special for 5 dollar breakfast buffet.  The year round special is as long as you eat all the food on your plate you get a discounted price.  The one bag thing which it's more bad for the restaurant is where it is located it is kinda tucked away. But this is by far my favorite place for breakfast.  Definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone.
Great typical "Southern food". The buffet is always fresh and they have an excellent variety. A Plant City must if you're in the area.
LOVE this place.  Best buffet to ever exist. Ever. Always fresh, quality food. Service is always great too.
The food is so bad for you, but so worth the calorie hit! The breakfast buffet is amazing. It can be crowded, so be prepared.
Great! The food was awesome, fresh, delicious- and I hate buffets. The $5 breakfast buffet featured the best link sausage, incredible cheese grits, great watermelon, fresh scrambled eggs.... And so much more!
Really excellent southern "comfort food" like I used to eat as a kid.  My wife is a germophobe and NOT fond of buffets at all, and even she loved it!  The fried chicken was perfect, sweet potato souffle divine and collard greens very good.  Prices were reasonable, cheap really for the amount we ate.  Great experience, we will be back.
Excellent breakfast buffet! Home style southern food.
Love this place- there are other buffets in Plant City but this is clearly the best one. The food is fresh, home-made and delicious!  If you're looking for down-home southern cooking that your grandma would be proud to serve up, head to Fred's. I know that I do far too often for my own good when visiting the area.  (The only suggestion I'd have is a larger selection of desserts- Buddy Freddy's has better ones- especially the Strawberry Bar).
Came out to PC to spend thanksgiving with my in laws and loved it! I was craving fried chicken for lunch and it brought us here. Nice surprise with the quality of the food considering it was a buffet. Fresh and one will not be disappointed with the price! Grits & catfish...Sooo good! Red velvet cupcakes...yum! I was already stuffed and said I would just have a bite but of course I ate the whole thing!  Definitely gonna come back here on our next visit!
Perfect, fresh, home cooking country buffet.
Wife & I went there last night.  Not knowledgable about Southern food but we were pleased with the food.  Cost was more than reasonable.  Service was top notch, but we were there early.  Would we return?  Absolutely!
If I could give this place 3.5 stars, I would.  The food is not bad, the service is friendly and the prices are reasonable.  My only gripe is that, while the food is decent, in all honesty I could make this food at home.  When I go out for a meal, it needs to be something better than what I can cook at home.  Why spend $50.00 for 4 people to eat out when you can make the same thing at home for less than $10.00 for all 4?  The locals love this place and they have been around a long time.  So, they are worth a trip but not over and over again.  You will leave thinking and feeling like I did.
Love this place. The buffets, both breakfast and lunch/dinner are the best I've ever had. My faves are the collard greens, sweet potato casserole, beef pot roast and stewed tomatoes/grits. Love the sweet tea also!!! Service is always great. I only happened upon this place because I used to work in plant city. I actually live 30 miles away, but the drive is worth it...but since there's a new location going up near me in river view, I'll be frequenting that location! I brought my out of town family in here for dinner and all of them raved about it. If you have the chance to go....GO!!!!!!
