I've recently moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to the Tampa Bay Area and began working in Plant City just last week. This place is a sweet reminder of home; located in a small downtown, delicious food-the kind foodies enjoy...I mean, I'm currently eating a bowl of Thai coconut something or other soup which is delish! Also got half of the Italian Job which is definitely recommended. Great environment, they also serve beer, sangria, have a plethora of loose leaf tea. Friendly staff that helped me out, even got asked if it was my first time here. I'll be here more often, that's for sure!
Enjoyed my first experience at the Corner Store, a sustainable organic local grown "slow food, healthy" place.  We picked up some unsweetened raw coconut ($2) and some ground pumpkin spice ($5) ground in store.  They also have other grocery products like green tea shaving soap ($4).  We found many of their prices very high but some great bargains abounded.  They had things like hemp, coconut crystals, goji berries.  The people were friendly but when we asked twice about product contents in the store, they did not have answers. We enjoyed a zero calorie root beer (wish there were more zero calorie flavors) and a JoJo's caramel chocolate pretzel sweet (too much caramel, almost broke our teeth) made by the son/in house.  The sandwiches were coming out luscious looking. Salad sandwich prices were in the $8-$10 range and all had yummy "twists". The place had an industrial, coffee house vibe.  Pricing was higher than I'd do regularly for lunch. I didn't like the pitch for YELP at the top of the menu and what appeared to be a "pay-off" if you "checked in and wrote a review".  Some of us can't check in and would never accept a gift for an "honest" review.  Just sayin'.....(and while I thought of pulling a star for this, my four-star rating is based on price, ambiance and a lack of connectivity I had with the place.  I'm a fan, but it wasn't top of the class by my measuring stick.)  They may win me over in future visits, love the sustainability slow food concept.
There is a vegetarian option here. Surprised? Friendly little country restaurant with gifts and tea and such that takes you back in time.   Worth a stop by if in the area.   I give it fours stars, due to the Plant City curve.
Chicken and goat wrap! Yummmmm Per some telepathic knowledge sent by the gods, the cooks here recommended that to me, not even knowing that goat cheese is one of my favorite things ever. It was great! The rest of the store is cute, earthy, an obviously successful hipster paradise in a town where the only other thriving businesses are antique stores and strawberry farms. Not that I don't love antique hunting and fresh fruit. I have been here a few times now and have no complaints except for the fact that I always -- ALWAYS -- get dirty looks and stares from the patrons. Not the employees, they're great, but the patrons have made me feel uncomfortable on more than one occasion. Maybe it's because I'm not from the neighborhood? My friend who lives in PC says that is not surprising. Oh well. And also the hours are way too short! They close at 3pm.
Great food and reasonably priced.  Very comfortable inside!  The only negative is trying to time your visit... They are closed often.
Fresh ingredients, accommodating staff, and a fabulous health food section make this store unique and worth finding. My colleagues and I were in Plant City on business for four days and had lunch here every day, it was that good!  I bought black lentils and bee pollen at the grocery section, but there are other unique and wonderful products worth checking out!  This would is one of the best places in PC.  Who knew I would want to return to PC just to enjoy another BLT sandwich. I plan to buy more bee pollen and other products online.
This is a love/annoyance story. I fell in love with The Corner Store as soon as I walked through the door. It's decor is everything I'd want featured in my restaurant, and my home for that matter. I was visiting a friend in Plant City and for lunch she suggested we order take out from The Corner Store as she has two young children who were sick and shouldn't be spending time out at a restaurant. We called at 11:41 and ordered two sandwiches with chips. We were told it would be 30 minutes which was a fine timeframe. We arrived just before the 30 minute mark and my friend was waiting in the car while I ran in to get the food. Let me tell ya- The Corner Store is cute and actually, the Italian Job sandwich was so so good, but I didn't leave that place until 12:45, a full HOUR after I had placed the order....for 2 cold sandwiches. The girl in the front told me, unapologetically, that they had the order down for 1pm. Nowhere in our conversation had we said 1pm or been told 1pm. I waited there, irritated beyond belief, until the food was ready. If it wasn't completely obvious that the cooks were loaded down with orders, I would have flipped. It was clear that the girl who answered the phone and took the order wrote down the wrong pick up time but man, this kind of service (I has to say something twice and then my order was sent back up to the front for me to figure out even though I was standing right at the pick up window) may keep me away indefinitely.
Owned and operated by Joe and Cynthia Diaz, The Corner Store is a testament to the couple's personal philosophies favoring healthy foods, minimizing environmental impacts and supporting local growers, artists and artisans.   The popular restaurant/market is a great resource for anyone shopping for organic, locally-sourced and sustainable foods as well as a great place to simply sit down and devour those same ingredients made into something wonderful by Chef Cynthia. With its "open pantry" displays of seasonings and ingredients, made-from-scratch selections of outstanding soups, sandwiches, salads, smoothies and sweets and interior design that combines natural elements with a clean, architectural style, the combination store/dining room/community gathering spot is cozy and comfortable. Shelves and chilled displays offer seasonal produce, ready-to-eat sauces and dips plus and soaps, candles, honey and children's clothing made by local Plant City residents may also be purchased. There is a designated children's play area and space near the entrance where musical groups perform on select Saturdays and special occasions.
Stopped in w my boss and right away was impressed w the place. Very well done. Perfect name for it. Perfect place for it. Great kids area. Food was incredibly fresh. Avacado blt w spinach. .. delicious.  My boss had the turkey avacado wrap w some kind of dijon that she's all talking about days later! Will be my Plant City lunch spot.
This place is absolutely adorable. The food is delicious. All natural ingredients. I loved their wraps.  I got the turkey, avocado and goat cheese wrap. I would strongly recommend this place. Very clean with an antique feel.  Love it!!!
I can't believe that I haven't been here sooner. I was forced to take a long lunch break so I drove over to The Corner Store to grab some eats. The place is such a hidden gem! As soon as you walk in, there is an instant calming effect. Be gone work stress! Inside, the entire place oozes charm from every nook and cranny. There  are little picnic tables with wooden chairs and fresh flowers on each table. Vintage pieces of furniture and items are placed around the store. I literally felt like I walked into an explosion of "pinterest" ideas, but they all worked together. There is even a kids "play" section. There are lots of organic/natural snacks, flours, oils, and other products to purchase at great prices. In the back of the store is the kitchen - a small wooded off area with a walk up window where you place your order. The menu has a little of everything and usually a daily special. Everything is fresh, local, and homemade. I've been twice now and both times ordered wraps. The turkey blue cheese wrap was great - came with chips (or pita chips) and orange slices. I loved the bite of the blue cheese and all the fresh lettuce, tomatos, and red onion. The second wrap was the muffaletta - lots and lots of fresh mozzarella stacked with turkey and ham and an olive pesto. Both came on a whole grain wrap and were warm pressed. Staff is so friendly and even though it was weeks in between the two times I came, they remembered my name!  It's so hard to not walk down the counter and buy a little bit of everything -especially all the sweets. They also have beer/wine bar to enjoy. I can only hope to take longer lunches more often to make my way here!
ok met Cynthia at Yelptucky. She is an amazing cook. Being a hillbilly from Nobletucky, Ohio. I enjoyed the the place. I must admit being a cook it is hard to find spices and herbs. She has them.  Jessica E. found her honey, local honey. Nice surprise. I like the decor the people are outstanding and I know we will be back.  Thank you folks for making us feel welcome.
I had the pleasure of accompanying my Elite member and friend to the 10/25 event as her "+1". Yup, I now know my life goal is to be elected into the Elite family, just one more thing to add to my nightly prayer list... These five stars are well earned. A big thanks and shout out to Cynthia (the cutest business owner around) and her team for reminding us all what true southern hospitality really looks like! We were all smothered in a healthy sampling of their menu. Cheese plate: cranberry spread, crackers, grapes, gouda and brie cheeses - a perfect starter. The cranberry sauce was my favorite part. Fresh and not too pungent. Pita & hummus: *note to self: ask for the hummus recipe* Seriously, my favorite encounter with hummus. I struggled with eating it in one large bite or hundreds of small savory bites. I scarfed it. The vegg & fruit-n-vegg smoothies: a little coconut water never hurt anything! Both smoothies were divine. Secrete ingredient for the vegg was cayenne pepper but not too much! Just the perfect hint. Very refreshing. Healthy never tasted so good. Squash bisque: I know they offer soup of the day, just need to figure out which day this one is featured on, because I'll spend the entire day there eating it. Slightly chunky, well-rounded flavor, perfect color for the season. Topped with a drizzle of fresh cream. Fruit & nut salad: greens, pecans, walnuts, dried cranberries, blueberries, apples, and a citrus dressing. My favorite type of salad and a classic done very well. I'd like more dressing - a cup, please. The gobbler sandwich: turkey, cranberry sauce, provolone, spinach, and dijon mustard on country white bread. I now know what to do with all of my Thanksgiving leftovers. So delicious. Veggie the greek: hello, hummus, we meet again. The rest is just a blur as it swiftly entered my mouth. Probably some spinach, roasted peppers, onions, and feta. Wish I lived closer to Plant City. Those are some lucky residents. I'll be back!
If you are looking for healthy, fresh, real food, this is the place!  Joe and Cynthia have developed a great menu of healthy wraps and sandwiches along with smoothies and baked goods.  Cynthia's made-from-scratch daily soups are amazing.   They even have a kid playroom.  It's a great place to meet friends for lunch and let your kids play.
This place has so much character, you can't leave without trying the strawberry cookies. They are to die for!  Lovely place. I will give you the real feeling of Plant City. They carry a good selection of wine and goodies and is a great place to hang out with friends and family.
Great place, homey feel and old school!!! The food is fresh and crisp!!! Both 'The Gobbler' and 'The Grazer' are fantastic!!!!! Try them when you get there. The fresh tea was awesome and the staff is amazing!!
Fresh, creative, and so good.  Lots of vegetarian/vegan options and their baked goods looked great.  Yelp recently had an event here and we got to try a few things from the menu which are below.  One thing about each item that made everything so great was the attention to the menu item's condiments, this is overlooked in so many places and Cynthia (the owner and total sweetheart!) uses these to add incredible flavor to each item.... -green smoothies-  I tried two, the green veg and the green fruit/veg.  The fruit smoothie was obviously delicious as it was sweet and green like every smoothie should be.  The veg "smoothie" was more how a blended juice might be.  It was light and refreshing and slightly spicy.  Our waiter gave us a warning that it wasn't sweet which was good bc I was expecting a typical green smoothie.  I could taste the celery/tomato parts and I really liked it.  I will probably order this next time I'm there, the taste of health.   -Squash bisque, buy two orders and bring a straw.  It was perfect.  I can't remember if it was butternut or pumpkin, but regardless, you should order a lot of it.   -Autumn salad, the lemony dressing was a great contrast to the rich flavors of pecan, cheese, and cranberries.  The dressing was also more unique than a lot of the "fallish" salads on menus so it stands out. -Turkey/Cranberry Sandwich.....I took off the turkey and I'd still recommend it.  Salty sweet perfection. The cranberry relish on this sandwich was homemade.  I didn't ask anyone if it was, you could just tell.  It was so good. -Greek wrap- maybe their hummus has magic in it?  I wanted 5 of these.  There was spinach, lots of veggies, olives and the hummus. -Pesto Chicken wrap, again, I took out the chicken and it was great.  The pesto was so flavorful and delicious.  Even with just spinach and veggies.   I'm probably butchering a lot of the menu item's names but their amazing staff will probably direct you in the right direction, they are so nice.  I can not stress enough how important friendly people are to me.
Why 5 stars? Because this is the class of Plant City.   ---   ---   --- I haven't been to Plant City often. I have checked out the Strawberry Festival a couple of times and had a softball tournament there. I once "enjoyed" a buffet that was about the quality of food you'd expect in this town. The Corner Store is what not to expect. I feel like this building was taken out of the ground and transported from a hipster haven somewhere in Tampa... or even possibly in Brooklyn. It's half-restaurant, half-market, full of all kinds of goodies and knick-knacks. I don't think there's any demographic that would find themselves uninterested with these products. As for the food - I tried the South of the Border wrap, and was in heaven. HEAVEN! That was the best wrap I've ever had. The butternut squash soup... I'm still dreaming of it. I would absolutely drive 50 miles round trip for that soup/wrap again. I also went for a veggie shake, because I was attempting to go the healthy route. It was definitely healthy tasting! Next time I will probably indulge on a strawberry shake! I'm not sure how this establishment ended up where it's at, but I love everything about it.
I really dug the atmosphere and vibe inside The Corner Store! There was a very 'homey' feeling from the wooden walls and labels made from natural paper. The jars of spices and seasonings were all in apothecary jars which made the store feel like an old general store which fits perfectly in the downtown area of Plant City! The area where the kitchen was happened to be separate to look like a little wooden shack, which was also super cute. I could have stayed and hung out all day ;) The Chicken Greek wrap I tried was fantastic! It even came with pita chips and grapefruit! I ended up also sharing the chicken and goat cheese wrap my husband got because it was also delishhhh! Food made with love!
Amazing sandwiches! Had the muffaletta and the blue cheese turkey avocado.  Both were very flavorful. Definitely can taste the freshness of all ingredients. Banana bread was amazing.
Found this place by accident on our way home from Tampa.  The food was great and the place is fun.
What a hidden treasure!  I got to sample several of their wraps, their squash soup and their hummus.  It was all fantastic.  This is truly a little hidden gem.  They have lots of sauces, dips, dried organic spices.  It has the styling inspiration of an old apothecary story but feels very hip.  You need to check this place out if you're in Plant City!
If you are looking for GOOD HEALTHY food, The Corner Store in Downtown Plant City, FL is the place to eat!  They serve delicious organic sandwiches, wraps and soups for lunch.  I highly recommend the Turkey, Avocado, Blue cheese wrap, so good!
Love this place! Fresh ingredients, fast service, friendly staff!! My favorite menu item is the Mediterranean Platter with the Spinach Artichoke Dip and Original Hummus. My hubby's fav is The Gobbler on gluten free bread. This place is one of very few places in town that is a delish healthy alternative to fast food (gross).
Friendly local health food store & deli. You can dine in or take out yummy healthy food prepared just for you. You can find one of a kind items made from local venders. Large variety of Organic grains & spices.
Awesome local restaurant! No other place like this in the area. Fresh local food, organic, and it all tastes great. Sometimes they do wine tastings at night. If you're in down town Plant City this is a place to visit.
I showed up alone at 12:00 p.m. for a sandwich to go on 8-20-13. Granted it was Lunch but they weren't terribly busy. After about 20 minutes I started to get a little irritated because my sandwich to go was not ready. I went to the Cashier I had actually paid 20 minutes prior and she stated my sandwich was next. I waited another 10 minutes and I went back to the cashier and told her I had to get back to work which is why I ordered take out 30 minutes prior. She assured me it would be out shortly. At 12:35 my sandwich arrived- 35 minutes after ordering it to go. I had never been here before and was referred when doing some vendor work across the street. When I returned to my office I ate the sandwich and it was really good. I am always reserved about writing any negative reviews but the service was just terrible. I was referred but probably will never go back due to the time it takes to prepare a sandwich. The place was nice and food was good, but I felt out of place there. The staff does very little to make you feel comfortable.
Great food! Cool atmosphere, like a little country store. Great people.
Just my kind of place. Healthy food, good variety of gift items. What a find!
