I love this Hooters! They always give me a military discount. Most Hooters only give it on certain days. I really appreciate the love & support they give. Great customer service & the food & beer is always on point. Very clean establishment & very spacious compared to other Hooters I've been to.
The service is what I'm giving the two stars for... We ordered blue cheese & she brought out the meal & we only received ranch (common mistake), but upon asking for more she hesitated to even bring out some, and responded with, "I can show you the difference by the dots in it." I get it's part of their job to act sorta dumb, but c'mon just get the blue cheese already. Also in my opinion why ask if a person needs a refill, once the cup gets below half just grab another, she continually asked if we needed more to the point of annoyance. Other than that not to bad. If you're a wings person, here's your place.  Their shrimp were fantastic along with the curly fries.   You'd be ahead to wear a jacket in, it's beyond freezing, even for it being summer.
Struggling between 2 or 3 stars here.....This Hooters is tucked into a tough corner near I-4, getting out often a problem.  But I had a hankering for their infamous wings. Almost had the place to myself--but the music was still BLARING as if a party was going on.  This Hooters includes low tables and booths--seems more family friendly than the South FL location.  Got a hick hostess with no sense.  I asked for a "near" table, she still wanted to walk me six tables down towards the noise, ignoring my flagging at her and shouting the first table was fine.Then the "clean" table was sticky. Once I got past the one-star "foreplay" it turned out to be a decent experience.  The waitress was great, attentive and quick.  I enjoyed trying their fried dill pickles ($6) with a tangy sauce followed by 10 boneless wings in their medium original sauce.  I think I got just as much meat boneless as I would've gotten with all the gnawing, at the same price ($9) and a whole lot less mess. Just the right heat. Bleu cheese dipping sauce.  I paid .69 for celery which used to come with a set of wings.  boohoo but didn't break the bank.  They're a Pepsi place so had water to cool the tongue. I would've settled on 3-stars but I felt sick the next three hours and I hate the awkwardness of being served by half-naked women being taught that sex sells.  Whether it was their food quality or my fried choices is still unknown.  But it was enough of a "sick" feeling and combo poor experience to not need a Hooters wings fix for another couple years.
Good wings, but expensive now, $18.79 for 20, and they charge extra for celery & blue cheese. I guess with the popularity of wings, there must be a shortage ;-)
I had a great time here! First Hooters Ive ever been to. Great food, great drinks, and great service!
AHHH! How'd I end up in a Hooter's again after just shunning it not two nights earlier? Convenience. That's how. This location, thankfully, was head and shoulders above the one quite a few miles west in Brandon. The girls working here had teeth! Deader than dead at the lunch hour. I think it was myself and two other guys sitting at the bar. A group of Hooter's ladies pooled around a table waiting for something to do. A guy at the bar recommended getting the hot and cajun sauces mixed on the buffalo chicken sandwich. I went for it. It was really good. Sweet tea, also good.
Not too shabby. Place is nice and updated however the service was extremely slow. Took them at least 15 mins to get a drink and about another 45 just for food after ordering. I'm assuming it could have just been that day.
We ordered 50 wings for our family. The waitress brought out 1 tray of 15 and 1 tray of 25.  Later she comes back with the last 10 and says, "You want some more wings?"  Okay, so we got the 50 wings we ordered.   She couldn't believe we finished all the wings, and she said to my husband, "And you had extra!"  For some reason,  she thought she was doing us a favor by "giving" us the last 10 wings that were technically ours.  What??? Also, we like our sauce on the side so the breading doesn't get soggy.  They charged us $0.99 for each tiny container of sauce....totalling an additional $6 for sauce on the side...ridiculous!!!!! Hooters wings....when we order to go, they always cheat us at least 2 wings every time....and when we eat in, they think they're giving us some for free...HA!!!  But Hooters has the last laugh because no one does wings like they do, so we always have to come back. Ugh!!!
Cold Beer, Hot Wings, and then some!!!
Cold beer and the wings were great!!!!  Service was excellent!
ok who does'nt like Hooters? I mean for real,whats better the hot girls and hotter wings? When we went to the Hooters in Lakeland it was super fun and not to hard on my pocket either.My son had his jaw dropped the entire time just looking at all the servers in their little orange shorts..lol..the wings were tasty and you can order them fried or grilled.They are open late and have drink specials everyday.
