A good experience while in Lakeland.  The two times we went in we were served by a knowledgable bar tender named David.  Great guy and provided awesome customer service. He made some really good recommendations based on my beer preferences.   The 2nd night we were there we ordered some snacks.  The pretzels with Sam Adams cheese dip, chicken soft taco and Mexican chicken flatbread.  Everyone loved the pretzels and soft tacos, but the consensus was a skip on the Mexican flatbread. They had a live band on stage Saturday night and he played some great songs. Only recommendation is they should highlight all the great local breweries from Tampa on a separate menu.  Also make sure you try their concoction with Cigar City Madura and s'mores infusion.  Tasty!
Let me start out by saying that at first glance this place is what Lakeland needs... good beer selection and a great location, hence why I joined their membership club on my first visit. I have been 4 times now and the service keeps getting worse and worse. My guess is that the training staff has left town and the locals are now in place (typical for any chain that tries to open in Lakeland). Beware that the printed menu does not match the chalkboard and neither is accurate as to what is current for draught beers. It seems that the only beers the wait staff can recommend are the Cigar City Brewing Company selections. I get that they may be featuring them but if you are a brew pub you should at least train your staff on the differences between a Pale Ale and a Pilsner. Our waitress was so rude that several people in our large party asked her if she was feeling OK. When I asked for my first beer her reply was, "Out" - not "we are currently out of that selection" or even " we ran out," nope... "Out' was what I was told. After 3 unsuccessful order attempts I just got what the guy next to me ordered to keep it simple. 20 minutes later and still no beer. When my Pale Ale finally arrived it was not what I ordered and her only response was... "this is what you asked for!" On my second selection I was given a Red in a snifter glass, not a pint. When I asked why I was told that "it is the same pour amount, why do you care?" Really!!??!! At that point I asked for the manager and she promptly came over, guns blazing.. "You don't like your glass? If you haven't noticed we are really busy tonight, you should be happy to get served so quickly." Wow.. not what I was expecting.I can only hope that was a failed attempt at humor.  After I shared my story with her she agreed that the service was not up to par and that she had several other complaints about that particular server already that night. She also tried to tell me that my beer was an imperial Red and that is why it was served in the snifter. That would be fine if that was what I ordered, but I did not. 3 things - (1) if the management knew the server was getting complaints then why was she not present on the floor checking that server's tables. We were there for 2+ hours and the only time anyone saw the manager was when I asked for her. (2)  Training - if you are going to sell beer... study it. know what you have on tap, update your menu and/or board and be able to suggest items to your clients. (3) Management must make sure they correct any service concerns. A memorable recovery experience is worth a few stars in the rating. The manager tired to buy us a round but we were done by then and we just wanted to leave. She did offer drink cards for our next visit but I already gave them away. Overall, I am left with a bad taste in my mouth and is is not from the beer!
Very Clean and many beers to choose from but the food I had was pretty bad. Stay away from the Chicken BLT Wrap. The chicken taste like yesterday's reheated chicken or maybe just cheap chicken. I can't put my finger on it but it sucked.
After a negative review of this place, I was contacted by the GM, Jamie about it. First, I was actually blown away that this happened. Second, he offered to make things right and offered legitimate explanations as to why I experienced certain parts of my rant. This review upgrade is solely based on Jamie's actions at the moment, but will give my final verdict when we take him up on his offer this weekend!
Hey folks, stopped into Brass Tap on the way to Grillsmith to have a couple beers and finish watching the Saints game unfortunate that they lost but that didn't stop us from enjoying our night out. I started off with a Cigar City Jai Alai one of my favorite beers, then I tried a Sam Adams Rebel IPA beer which I thought was very good as well. We ordered a meat lovers pizza on the pretzel dough which was very needed since we started drinking on a empty stomach. All in all we will be back. Oh and by the way I see all the complaints for bad service and we got good service so maybe they stepped up there game.
So I rolled into town jst in time to watch the World Cup. Plenty of beers to choose from and plenty of TV to watch the match. The food menu looked good but nothing really jumped out so I opted to jst drink. The prices are ok on beer and the food was priced very affordable.
Walk in and take a look - taps as far as the eye can see!  Bottles and cans in coolers, hundreds of choices.  They encourage you to order food from all the local restaurants-they all deliver right to the bar.   If you love beer-good beer-come here.  This is the place to hang, the bartenders know their beer!  The music on the weekends is a crapshoot-sometimes it's really good, sometimes only so-so.  Tuesdays is a blast with trivia night, though!
So I came in town for a week for business and had heard that Lakeland really isn't the most happening place in central Florida.   Luckily, the company put me up at the Hampton Inn right across the street from here.  I love beer and hate driving drunk so this plce worked perfect for me. Jess is an awesome server and the rest of the staff was fantastic for the entire week that I pretty much lived here. Fantastic beer choices - regional, domestic and global.   I'm a fan and hope to make a return trip soon!
Some of the worst service I've ever had, and I've been to many, many bars over a long period of time. You'd be lucky to have your waitress show up every 30 minutes, even when there are only 10 other patrons in the bar.    Waitress not showing up?  Go to the bar and have the bartenders ignore you while they talk to patrons about their personal lives.  Stand there with your empty glass, get their attention, and watch as they continue their conversations with their friends that came to the bar.    This didn't happen to me once.  It happened to me many times over the evening.   I won't be back.
HORRIBLE Service. Having spent almost a decade and a half in the restaurant industry, I will excuse a server being busy, a restaurant initially opening, and many other service industry related disasters. Went into the Tap and sat outside, didn't receive service after 10+ minutes so went inside to the bar where I observed 6+ staff members congregating and NOT helping any of their patrons. Spent 8 minutes at the bar waiting for a drink with only 5 other people at the bar. A sever finally appeared outside, apologized to us because "she thought we were just getting drinks from the bar" which we were because her incompetence had forced us to. She offered to serve us outside (what a novel concept), and then proceeded to take our drink order, and then "forget it" which she apologized for by saying "don't hate me" 15 minutes later. I NEVER saw a manager, a competent server or anything that would lead me to to EVER come back. DO NOT GO HERE!
Great bar for beer (they have wine too).   Staff is friendly & knows their beer.   If your hungry the pretzel bites are an amazing snack:-).  Always enjoy and they have great music at night!
I ordered a Hotter Than Hellas pint and it was $7! Yes, $7! This isn't Manhattan. What are they thinking!
Definitely pricey, but they have a friendly staff. I wish they werent so small though. Definitely need to move to a bigger location.
I visit Lakeland every year, and finding a place with a solid tap list is nearly impossible.  I've always found this to be a domestic beer kind of city.  The Brass Tap certainly has an impressive selection.  The prices are a bit high for Lakeland, but the there are some gems on the list that are worth the money.  The problem here is iffy service and horrible pours.  A 16oz glass is intended to hold 16oz of beer, not 12 or 14oz....drives me crazy, especially when it's expensive beer.  Also, the bartenders are a little slow on the draw, and I noticed the servers were struggling with a small amount of tables.
Gave the place another try and this time it was even worse. Some of the worst service I've ever experienced. First I tried to order a common beer, out of stock, so I tried another, out of stock, gave up and just ordered the same thing my fiancee had so I could stop playing the do you have it game. After getting our beers there wasn't a sign of our waitress for over 40 minutes. I finally found her and asked her to please bring me the check. She did and attempted to charge us for an extra round of beers because she "assumed someone else got us some", she took them off, I paid, left and don't  intend on returning. It's a shame this place isn't better, I was really excited about it and looked forward to not have to go to Tampa or Orlando for a wide selection of craft beer in one place.
Went in on Sunday night (6/15/14) after dinner. Sat down at the bar and got menu fairly quickly. After that waited 10 min and nothing. The place was not busy at all. The bartender was talking to everyone at the bar and putting away glasses and even walked past me yet never asked me what I wanted for a drink. Looking around I was the only person not Caucasian at the bar. So I got up and left with no help. Called in to complain and the same bartender picked up the phone after trying multiple times and said he was the manager on duty. If that is the type of person that is represents their establishment and treatment of their customers I would boycott it. I highly recommend passing on this establishment given on how you are treated if you are not Caucasian as you will not get helped.
Love this bar! I've been coming in regularly for the last several months. I never was a beer drinker until I came in to Brass Tap for the first time. Now, I'm on the Brew Crew and love trying new beers recommended by knowledgeable and personable bar tenders and staff! I want to give a special thanks and shout out to the new GM Jamie! Thanks for introducing me to real beer!
Good environment. Best beer in Lakeland but always crowded at night! Get there early to get a seat!
If your a fan of IPA's this is your place, They were out of many draft beers opening day, I ordered 5 different ones only to be told no.  Bartender Jamie was spot on, the best. The beer club " The Brew Crew" out of membership cards on opening day. I also inquired why certain more well known beers were not on the menu Manager "Tim" told me "we try not to carry imports" which struck me funny as half the menu are imports.
Love this place! Great selection of beers. I tried their baked pretzels, which sounded iffy at a bar, and they were awesome and paired well with the beers.
Great craft beer selection, cool atmosphere, and fun patio.
james was great..I loved his suggestions and the ambience was amazing
