This place was excellent!  Had the BLT and cole slaw and devoured it all!  My son has a cheeseburger with apples and loved it and hubbie had cheeseburger and fries - also loved it. My one complaint would be that it was FREEZING in there, but this was not enough of a complaint to affect the rating. Will bring a sweater next time.
Though I reviewed this place many years ago (much more highly), my review is no longer here--perhaps due to the change in location or name over time.  Still, lunch clientele was mostly "gray haired" ladies or women in tank tops with babies on their hips. My lunch stop here was a negative experience.  Poorly trained or poorly invested in their jobs, staff eventually greeted me at the door for seating.  The place is severely dark and divey/dumpy feeling like a bar though the door sign has removed "bar" from its name. TVs are far away with no sound or captions.   I opted for tea over a Pepsi product and then waited short of an eternity for a waitress (two of whom were socializing and reading newspapers, even catching my eye twice as if their shift didn't start at 11:30 or something).  I would've walked out but did not have cash for the table for my $1 tea. I did order their special, an Italian sausage, peppers & onions sub for $7.99 with fries.  The sub arrived within 10 minutes.  It was a single sausage (like a brat) in a hot dog type bun with a spoonful of peppers, onions and red sauce on top.  It was flavorful but not the gourmet for which Champs had gained a reputation years ago.  The plate was 3/4 French fries (unsalted) which were decent but not my definition of a divine meal and substitutions did not seem an option on the specials.  They do have a $6 soup and salad or soup and half sandwich lunch.  A neighboring table had a heaping pile of buffalo chicken fries that were highly complimented.  I guess I wasn't looking for a carb loaded dive bar experience.  Champs had been noted for their cheap taco night and their cheap wing night and many gourmet salads.   The bathroom was dirty and the place seemed creepy.  A guy was going around asking how people enjoyed their dining experiences.  I'm glad he didn't come to my table so I wouldn't have to lie.  The waitress picked up her pace and attentiveness during lunch service but the caliber of this place has faltered over the years making at least 3 other places in this strip mall more enticing for future meals.
This review is for the Champs on the Southside, I have never been to the Combee Rd. Location and as such won't comment on it. First off, a little background, we have friends who have been eating at Champs every Wednesday night for about 2 years, personally I've been eating at Champs for over 15 years. Their food is not bad, respectable fresh-frozen fare that one would expect at a sports bar. While not exceptional in anyway, it is capable and consistent which is what has kept us coming back for years. My wife and I have been 4 out of the past 5 Wednesday nights, and our last experience there has sealed the fact that we will not be returning. While their food quality is adequate, and drinks are prepared well, their service is seriously lacking. We've had several different servers and have received consistently bad service even after complaining to management. Our last experience there involved our server taking our drink order, which we received quickly, but then disappearing for about 30 minutes. We were able to put in our food order which was brought out by another server, and didn't see our server again until both myself and the male at the table stood up to try and track down our checks. While normally I would not leave a review this low for a restaurant based purely on service, I feel as though I have to because service is a part of the experience and their service has consistently declined in the past few years, coupled with the fact that their food while adequate and consistent never seems to surpass that level.   While not a factor in my review it is worth noting since they have the name "Sports Bar" on their sign, that they do not have all of the sports packages, so if you're looking to watch an out of market game of any kind other than football you are out of luck. All in all I will be staying away from Champs Southside, and looking for a new Wednesday night venue, possibly with better food, and definitely with better service.
Went there to watch NFL NFC playoff game. Atmosphere is pleasant but sound was awful . TV's everywhere but not in HD. Food is good. BBQ wings in honey BBQ sauce very tasty and reasonably priced. I would go back if I did not care to listen to the game.
Hello all, We went to Champs on Saturday for lunch the wifey had a burger and onion rings she said it was very good. I had the Ahi Tuna wrap which was also good just wish they had a good spicy mayo to go with it they served it with a wasabi mayo which was very overpowering to me. The service was good.
Champs is a great place in the neighborhood to grab a bite. I always eat at the bar and never go solely to watch a game, so my experiences have always been good. They have good specials, huge selection of food and I've never had anything bad. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar though. I haven't sat at a booth enough to advise on that. The girls at the bar are really sweet and pay everyone attention, but aren't afraid to give the guys a hard time. This place has its regulars and they are mostly sweet older men. Drop in one day and check it out :)
Food is tasty and service is great. The prices have gone up a ton in the past few years. If your looking for a great hometown sports bar this is it
I didn't know what to expect when I came in. But, I'm happy me and my brother came here. The cheapest meal and one of the best meals we had while in FL. Will definitely be back in the future!
Love the wings here. And tge bartenders are great, every time we go on they take care of.us.
