OK, so there I was, in search of some critically-important and highly-secretive gag gifts to bestow upon my friend Eric C later that same evening. The very sweet lady at the Super Target on Bruce B. Downs in Wesley Chapel suggested that I try JC Penney at the Shops of Wiregrass further up the road. I gave her one of my very best "I'm not from around these parts" looks, and she told me to get back out onto Bruce B. Downs, and keep going north until I saw the cow pasture on my left (Oh Lord, I knew I was in trouble). Then she said to cross over Hwy 56, and the Shops at Wiregrass would magically appear on my right. Thankfully she said nothing about clicking my heels together three times and then flying straight on till dawn. Well, sure enough there WAS a cow pasture on my left (I resisted the urge to roll down my window and yell "Moooooooo" at the cows), and just across Hwy 56 was the entrance to the Shops at Wiregrass. Since this was my first visit, I decided to park the car and walk around and explore this unique outdoor shopping center. The atmosphere was decidedly casual with big anchor stores like Macy's, Dillard's, JC Penney, Fresh Market, and a big ol' monstrous Barnes & Noble, plus all kinds of nice, smaller boutique shops. I like the fact that this was an outdoor mall -- designed for strolling along and enjoying the Florida sunshine. Several people were walking their dogs, and very kindly picking up after them. That was wonderful to see considering that they also host Yoga on the Lawn several times each week here at Wiregrass. The thought of doing a downward-facing dog pose over a pile of dog poo would not be a good thing! This whole area struck me as very family-friendly, and I saw lots of signage talking about the special events that they hosted in the evenings and on the weekends to appeal to the community. There were a lot of restaurant options, and even a branch of the Brass Tap frosty-cold Adult beverage stop. The Shops at Wiregrass is a good 30-45 minute drive for me, and so I don't plan to make this one of my regular places to shop. But, if I lived in New Tampa, or Wesley Chapel, or over the line into Pasco County, then I could easily see this being one of my favorite malls.
All time, best grilled cheese. Parking is impossible. Drink. Shop till you drop. As far as I can tell, this is the only thing to do in Wesley Chapel. Or as the cool kids say, "The Chapel." I guess. This is what I like about this place--there is so much here. Who cares about the ridiculous upscale retail shopping, the food choices are incredible. Though, I usually end up in the Brass Tap... There's shopping, books, coffee, walkability. Something for the whole family, and I think every family is there on any and every night of the week, because parking here is a NIGHTMARE. Not to mention, I'm terrified just walking in the parking lots. Where are the pedestrian walk ways?! Cars are either stalking you for a spot or running you over to get to a spot. Favorite thing, that doesn't happen often enough: The Farmer's Market. Sure, it's still a lot of over priced produce from an undisclosed farm, boxing out all the nice local over priced organic family farms, but what I like is that there, again, just like all of Wiregrass, has everything you need. Favs at the market:   Honey stand--Really great prices. Delicious honey marked by season. Oh, and tons of bee pollen. Cheese lady. Don't miss those samples. Popsicle stand--a little over priced, but a great cool down. Grilled Cheese Man. I've tried for WEEKS to get a grilled cheese. And every time I'm there, they are either leaving early, or are out. All I can say is that it is the best grilled cheese at the best price I've ever consumes. Delicious bread, homemade. About 5 slices of bacon, covering the bread. Like half (or more) of avocado. Had enough yet?  Yeah, of course there is delicious cheese. That not enough?!?! Delicious marinara on the side. Mouth watering. $6. Mic drop.
I'm from Florida but have lived in California for the past several years. Growing up in FL, you NEVER saw an outside mall d/t the hurricane and rain. When I moved to SoCal...outdoor malls are all over the place. I go back to Tampa to find this place...I guess outdoor malls are becoming a thing in southern Florida. A good selection of stores, ample parking, and nice sitting areas. I just hope that people can stand the humidity and/or rain when going from store to store.
We ended up here when looking for dog-friendly things to do around Tampa. It's a really nice outdoor mall with a good variety of stores that you might find at any mall. The mall itself is dog-friendly, but it says on the website to check with each store about their pet policies. We didn't have any issues in any of the stores we went into (he was even the star of the show at American Eagle), although our dog is small and I carried him after a while because he was tired from a big day of walking in the hot sun. There were a couple of poop-bag stations around, in case you forgot yours :)
Amazing. Nice place to stroll about on a leisurely day. Great concept. Plenty of stores. However, when I, and this is my personal opinion, go to the mall I want all my stores located under one air conditioned roof. Going from hot to cool as your shopping is not good for your body. This place reminds me of one of my summer college jobs . I worked for UPS as a truckers helper in the NYC garment district. In and out of air conditioned businesses into the hot summer  air. I was sick for about 3 weeks .  Sorry for complaining but this type of mall doesn't work for me. I'll take Westshore or International Plaza any day!
As a previous tenant, I would avoid this mall and as a woman very bad idea. As a "temp"tenant I was treated with no regard or common curtesy. I was deceived, bullied, threatened, intimidated and stalked by the specialty leasing manager even after leaving the mall. I did notify the forest city management of the improper obsessive behavior but I was just ignored. I can't say this is the way all woman are treated but this is just part of my personal experience and hope it helps other woman.
Great outdoor plaza with a good selection of stores and a variety of restaurants. This is not a plaza that will have every store you are looking for but will have something for everyone. It is a nice way to spend a weekend day.
I love this shopping center. A variety of stores and a beautiful/clean atmosphere. Great for the family and even just grabbing lunch with friends on the weekend! There is even a Panera that was just built.
Wiregrass is one of my favorite malls (and places) in Tampa. It is beautifully designed yet unpretentious with a nice array of stores. I would even go so far as to say Wiregrass is better than International, for myself at least. None of the "dress-to-impress/I'm rich and want everyone to know it" crowd here - just families, people with dogs, young couples passing the time, etc. Stores are mostly mid-range and pretty decent. I have had good and bad experiences at different ones. Dillard's is always a favorite for shopping. Monkey Bizness is super fun when you have kids. Pottery Barn is beautiful (to browse... prices, not so much). You get the picture! Parking is plentiful for the most part. If you need THE PERFECT space right next to everything, you can pay for a meter right on the main drag or hunt around for a half an hour in the lot. I just choose to take an easy spot at the end of the lot then walk over to the stores. Not a long walk, and there are always extra spaces if you're willing to do that. The best part about Wiregrass is that it's dog-friendly! Yay! I have taken my pup to a few dog events and sometimes we just come to wander around. Several stores let her inside and even offered her a treat. Wiregrass is worth the drive if you're looking for a pleasant and laid-back mall experience.
I guess it's about time for me to write an update to my review. The last time I went to Wiregrass was in November 2013. It was a bit chilly outside, but nothing compared to the cold we have in STL. They had their Christmas Tree set up and the light show was pretty cool. IT was so great to see all the families gathered around the tree watching the show. Walking around Wiregrass wasn't difficult at all since it wasn't too busy. We managed to visit a few shops and most importantly I was able to find some new shoes/boots at JC Penny's and a new outfit at Macy's. It was a good shopping trip. Wiregrass in my opinion has good security features and seems to always be manicured and clean. I like it here a lot. One of my favorite places to shop when I go home.
I can't deal with stuffy, florescent-lighting malls, but I love the open air spaces at The Shops at Wiregrass.  In addition to a somewhat upscale selection of stores, the mall offers many communities events throughout the year, including a concert series in the spring and a wine walk in the fall.  At Christmas time, don't miss the Symphony of Lights. On the first and third Saturday of every month, the mall also hosts a large farmer's market down center street.  Bring the little ones every week at 10 am for Wiregrass Wednesdays for an assortment of children musicians and education programs. A small locomotive offers train rides down the center street which is also fun for the little ones. If fitness is your thing, Fit Niche offers a weekly night run.  Stroller Strides also offers exercise classes before the mall opens. There are several nice restaurants to chose from, but my favorite is Prime Bar.  Outside the mall, there is a Panera Bread and Red Robin. The mall offers metered parking on the street and a large parking garage is available behind Macy's. I heart Wiregrass.
I lived across the street for a few months and I loved this outdoor mall. Clean. Friendly service. Beautiful.
Wiregrass is a really nice outdoor mall, with a lot of activities year round. On the 1st and 3rd Saturday of the month they host an outdoor market. Lot of local different vendors come. On the 3rd of July they have a lot of activities for the 4th of July plus a really good fireworks show that they shoot from the parking garage. During the holidays they have the "Festival of Light Show" on the top of the hour. It's lighted Christmas trees in sync w/ music from the Trans-Siberian Orchestra. They have a lot of different restaurants depending too what you are in the mood for. Something simple and quick you can head to Moes or Panera Bread. They also have your full service restaurants too. A tip is to park near the back. A lot of people try the spots right around Panera & Red Robin. If you go towards the parking garage, or park behind the nail salon, you will have much easier luck and much less traffic!
Perfect stop for travelers... please Stop & Go to Monkey Bizness with toddlers. you & your children will be so happy! check out reviews on Monkey Bizness...oh yes, there are wondrous things for unencumbered folks to do as well!
This place has a lot of great restaurants and stores.  The parking is tough and crowded.  But if you can find a spot you will have fun.  Highly recommend Barnes and Noble, Cantina Laredo, Panera Bread, Red Robin, and the choo choo train for the little kids.  They have a big celebration during Christmas which is pretty neat - a big Christmas tree and a bunch of festivities.  On Saturdays there is often a farmers market with organic produce and neat local crafts.
Live closeby- so glad this is here. For Shopping, Socializing & just getting outdoors for a browsing walk.
Nice little plaza; it's a great place to stroll around to window shop or shop for specific items. I know people calls this location a mall but it's a plaza with shops. Most of the shops are entered from the outside versus inside like a mall. Macy is the big draw for this plaza. On weekends, there's entertainment in the center section of the plaza (outside). Kids seems to enjoy playing in this area and riding on the little train. There are a few restaurants on the premises also.
Wiregrass (as us locals call it) has a small town feel to it. With the beautiful weather we have here in Florida this is my ATF place to shop. While the Mrs goes from store to store I sit outside on the sidewalk in one of the strategically placed rocking chairs and people watch. Wiregrass has the big anchors like J C Penney, Macy's, Dillards as well as a nice selection of secondary stores and a great selection of restaurants, combine that with the motif and it's the nicest place to shop in the Tampa area (as long as it's not raining) They really had their heads screwed on straight when they built this place. The only downside is security can be a little overzealous at times. Although they have no police authority they will write you a "warning" ticket if time runs out at the parking meter on the main drag (Parking is free everywhere else) If you get one just pitch it. Other than than overall it's a great place. Enjoy!
Wonderful addition to the southeast Pasco/North Tampa area. This open air, outdoor mall is easy to get to (can be accessed from Bruce B Downs Blvd and State Road 56, as well as a back entrance through Meadow Pointe). This is a great place to bring the kids, or your dog, and stroll through on a beautiful day. They offer a nice variety of shops, including JCPenney, Dillard's, and Macy's, along with Barnes & Noble, Build-a-Bear, and a lot of your favorite smaller shops offering clothing for kids and adults, accessories, shoes, etc. Unlike your typical mall, there's no food court. They do, however, have food offerings ranging from Moe's and pizza shops, deli type food, healthy fare, and even Asian cuisine, to a ittle bit finer dining of Yamato's hibachi grill, Grillsmith, and a few others with Mexican cuisine, and Italian. On the outskirts of the mall is a Panera and a Red Robin, as well. There are even two bars, located next to one another for a more adult area. There is a pretzel stand in the middle that is delicious, and also a cookie shop located near Penney's. The children's play area is very small, probably only suitable for like 6 and under. It consists of a few wooden play houses and some rocking chairs. Not much to offer in the way of playing. They do have a train that comes through that kids can ride for $2 and you can purchase tickets at the customer service station right there in the middle. One of my favorite things about this mall is the events they hold. They do a children's event every week, a fresh market with produce biweekly, a spectacular Christmas display with hourly light/tree shows with music and snow, car shows, art shows, fairs, and other events they run for a month, such as concerts on the lawn, movies on the lawn, and presentations by local schools and groups. Gives it a great community feel. Yes, if it rains you'll get wet and hopping from one store to the other would be difficult, and if it's hot then you'll be hot, but come one! It's Florida. Most of the afternoon showers are done in an hour and then you can't tell it rained. And yeah, it's hot, but at least the stores are air conditioned. You can always grab a book and a relax inside of Barnes & Noble to cool down.
LOVE it here! It's clean, bright and happy feeling, waterfalls, outdoor music, plants, trees, and did I mention clean? What more can I ask for? It is set up like an outlet (the outdoors concept) but it a lot more pleasant feeling. You can walk around and enjoy yourself. Tired from shopping? Take a seat on the wooden benches or the rocking chairs. They have high scale stores like Williams-Sonoma, teen stores like Hollister and Aeropostale, department stores such as Macys and JC Penny, and a few special boutiques. Barnes & Noble is one of the favorites. There are many delicious looking restaurants with beautiful decors scattered around the mall. There is even a late nite "club" that I have yet to visit. They do have food shops such as Moe's Southwest Grill, Cosi, a Teriyaki shop, and a Crepe shop. Looking for an evening or holiday event? They got it. Just look out for the large banners when you pass by and make sure you pay attention to the details (time and date) since I show up at the wrong times/dates sometimes.
I love how the shops are not like a mall, in one big building,  but scattered and lined like a strip. There are a ton of great cute shops here. I really recommend it
This place is pretty freakin' cool. And I hate malls. I really loved the set-up. It was clean, bright, and I didn't feel like I was in a shopping mall because everything is outdoors. Perfect for an abnormal chick like me who hates to shop.
Such a wonderful outdoor mall.  What really makes this mall stand out from the rest is the events that take place all year round.  With Christmas being the standout holiday they bring in fake snow, a Christmas tree light show which is truly spectacular.  The fresh market on the weekends is such a nice feature to help support local businesses.  The actual mall has a wide variety of stores which are always clean, which is definitely a nice feature for the avid shopper.
I was lucky enough to be in Florida for Christmas Eve, and luckier still that the weather was sunny and in the low 70's. What better way to spend some time with the family than an outdoor shopping mall! I was a bit concerned that on Christmas Eve the place would be packed, but this mall was designed such that it really never felt crowded. With wide outdoor streets and sidewalks to stroll, you could window shop to your hearts desire! I didn't venture in too many of the stores, but the mall itself was wonderful. My niece was even able to visit Santa without a huge line! There are some great restaurants and bars here, too. We visited the Brass Tap and sat out on the patio watching the "ice" skaters. (Apparently, the ice rink wasn't ice, but a type of plastic, but looked no less fun or challenging than the real thing! This was a beautiful shopping complex full of really great stores. Next time I'm in town I'll plan some time to visit again!
Wiregrass is more than just a mall. Of course, it is a very clean, friendly mall area with lots of great shops and great places to eat. But, Wiregrass really goes beyond just being a shopping center. they are constantly providing new, fun events that people from all over Tampa Bay are willing to travel to. The Farmers Markets (monthly in the winter, or twice a month in the summer) feature a variety of great vendors and child-friendly activities (including Chilren's Market booths hosted by the Glazer Children's Museum and other kid-oriented vendors). I also enjoyed the Wine Walk that began in October, 2013. The Wiregrass Ranch hosts kids activities on Wednesdays at 10 a.m. Parking is usually good, except around the holidays. The Symphony of Lights at Christmastime is not to be missed!
This is a great mall. Plenty of good shops with variety. The restaurants here are good, though some are overpriced. There is a gelato shop here that serves real gelato (not ice cream that people have slapped the name gelato on). One of the best things about Wiregrass is the events they have there. The fresh market is my favorite, but I have seen holiday events, pet markets, etc. Only downside is that it can be a pain to find parking. This is especially true when they have something going on.
I love this open air mall. They have a lot of different options of stores. The usual that you would find at any mall. This mall is down the street for my house so I just love coming here to browse around, get some exercise, and bring my puppy for a walk. They have great events every so often, and they have a fresh market on the 1st and 3rd Saturday of each month. I love going to that. They have a lot of different fun crafty stuff, flowers, plants, dog stuff, and gourmet food selections, and most importantly fruits and veggies. They have the best xmas decorations and xmas tree at xmas time too. I am so fortunate that I live so close to here. They have a good amount of restaurants such as Yamato, Red Robin, Wood fire coal pizza, grillsmith, pagelli's italian food just to name a few. Therefore anchor stores are JCPenney, Macys, and another store. Come visit if you have not been here before, you will love it!
I really like this mall. And in general, I hate malls. It's never over crowded, has a nice variety of stores, and since it's an outdoor mall, you get to enjoy the sunshine! Plus, I can't hate the fact that it happens to house 900 degrees, one of my favorite pizza places in Tampa! No complaints from me!
Wonderful Christmas light show, great spots to grab a beer (Primebar & Bras Tap) and the Saturday market is lovely. We have to go at least once a month to get our olives and kettle corn. Recently I've noticed grassed beef and pasture raised chicken.
Wiregrass is a nice mall and certainly brings something new to Florida, but the setup of it which makes it unique also works against it sometimes. You have to walk outdoors to get to the shops, which is nice on a perfect day...but when it thunderstorms (almost everyday in the summer in Florida), when its freezing (November-February in Florida), and when it's frying hot outside (April-August in Florida), you're stuck weathering those conditions when you try to shop. It also harder to learn the layout of the mall and since I don't got there every weekend I have to constantly go to a map and see where the shop I want to visit is at. Nevertheless, the shops are nice and there is some variety there. On a perfect day it is a great mall to go to.
The same typical mall stores.  If you live downtown, it's not worth the drive up, unless you just want to walk around outside.  Westshore, and International mall have more stores.
Wiregrass is so awesome, even my husband loves to shop here! We just moved to Wesley Chapel and totally love the shopping experience at Wiregrass! Bring your dog, your kids, your family...it's fantastic! We loved the Symphony of Lights at Christmas time and the Farmer's Market is so much fun.
They started a new monthly market. On the first Saturday of every month they have a Fresh Market. It has organic foods and crafts. Some are from local vendors. There was a pretty good variety the first time they had it, so I'm hoping that it grows as more people discover it. Just bring cash. Didn't seem like anyone took debit or credit.
Wiregrass is a great place. My family and I come here at least once a week just to walk around. There is always something going on here. The fresh market the 1st and 3rd Saturday of the month. All kinds of music being played throughout the mall. A great place to just walk around and enjoy the night.
Great to have in my area, But why have a street run down the middle? It's a setup for disaster.... Someone is going to get hit by a car! And I can see this being the new "strip" for young people to blast  bass music and drive down to show off cars. Bad Idea
Only recently found out about the shops / dining venues here & was very pleased with the variety & upscale atmosphere. A Tampa Bay equivalent of the St.Johns Town Center in Jacksonville...
I call this an outside mall even though it is the shops at Wiregrass. This is a really nice place. They have a great assortment of stores peppered with some new places to eat. I went over Thanksgiving weekend. I heard they have a great Christmas light show. I was not let down. They light show was excellent!!! This is going to be a favorite place to shop at Christmas for me!!!!!!
Lots of great shops, but the parking is atrocious!  I would think with a huge place like this, they'd have put a little more thought into the flow of traffic through the parking lots and where and how many spaces to put in.  Doesn't stop me from going when I need to, but it does prevent me from just popping in from time to time.
This is a fun outdoor mall.  There's variety to the shops.  On this trip I just need to pop in to 2 shops.  The parking lots are a little far unless you want to meter park on the main drag.  The back parking garage was empty so that was the easiest place to park during the week.
It's close and it's clean. Only downside is that when it is HOT... it is a pain to go here.
reminds me of victoria gardens' in california.. but just on a smaller scale.. it has that same essential design and look really.. with the outdoor area (streets, parking meters and stuff).. remember those old town like centers.. with the small store fronts?.. i think they were kind of going for that feeling.. but with something more modern...whatever it is.. i love it.. I've only visited a few places..but had awesome services at each one (express, victoria's secret, macy's, forever XXI, 365 caffe italiano, etc..) I do hope they expand a little more and add more shops and restaurants.. the last few times i've gone.. it's been rather slow with not a lot of shoppers.. slow economy? .. who knows..but i do hope it picks up.. cause it's a really nice place.. and it would be sad if they couldn't keep the better stores in there due to the lack of shoppers.
Minus one star for the lack of awnings. When it's raining or the sun is beating down on you on a hot summer day, it is impossible to enjoy your time there. Otherwise, I live pretty close so I frequent it. I love the layout and the landscaping. The restaurants are really nice.
My wife gets her nails done at JC Penny and has for 6 years. She is extremely happy with the people here and says she goes here because she can relax and unwind in the nice atmosphere and know the job will be done right with no hassles. Plenty of experience here folks. Give them a try!
Beautiful  out side mall all major stores around the holidays they have a lot of out side activities I give it a 5 star you can even bring your puppy and walk him you can sit outside and enjoy the the view
Honestly, I love this place and the fact that this is an outside mall.  I like that there are so many different stores; restaurants; and entertainment options all in one place.  There are different types of events almost every month.  This is a great place to go for  a fun filled day of shopping.
Liz Here- I am more familiar with malls up north in NY but here in the tampa area- i've been to wiregrass, brandon mall, citrus park, westshore and international plaza.  I love wiregrass for a couple of reasons- its close by to where we live, its an outdoor mall which is nice on a nice day, its clean, everyone is friendly (minus blondie's cookies) and they have a variety of activities going on throughout the year that a lot of other malls dont seem to have.  There's a decent variety of restaurants-both fast food and sit down restaurants-some better than others. They also have nice music playing as you walk around outside. Overall, its a nice mall-my favorite- especially when the weather is beautiful-little tough though to be shopping when its raining though, its not too big where i feel like i cant find what i need to find when im short on time, never too crowded.  One thing i'd say i dont like about the mall is the shops past brighton collections which include dillards, jos. a bank, lenscrafter, etc dont seem to get as much shoppers passing through- probably why some stores/restaurants aren't doing as well as they could be -ex. put a cork in it (closed) and yamato, dillards
