I camp here for a week every November and I absolutely love it!!! Right on the water, lots of wildlife and great rangers who are very helpful.
Spiderwebs to the face** ...I don't know why I always have to be the line leader. This is a really nice park, and because we were there on a weekday in September, it wasn't busy. We were there to hike and that's what we did. The initial River Rapids Trail (1.2 miles) is an easy one.. mostly smooth ground and plenty wide. When it runs along the river you can see the gators resting on the shore. This trail takes you to two different bridges. On this day the suspension bridge was closed, this is the the beginning of the Baynard Trail (1.1 miles) So we took the other bridge to the two trailheads. With the suspension bridge closed, the Baynard Trail is no longer a loop but a back and forth, we thought we would see how we felt after the Florida Trail (3.4 miles) This trail is a bit more rustic.. you have to watch your footing as the ground is uneven and there are a lot of roots to trip over. Also, when we were there it was really muddy (it's a bog, very swampy). We like that, a bit more rustic but still well marked. We've hiked in a lot of different environments but the swampiness was kind of new to us. As were the holes that the bears dig to look for grubs. **a faceful of something is pretty easy to achieve if you are watching the ground. Lisa was heard to say "thanks hon!" when I would utter some (not so) mild expletives as I rubbed furiously at my face. Fortunately, I got none of those large spiders along with the web. After mucking through the mud, we decided that we didn't want to have to do the Baynard Trail twice without knowing what the trail conditions were like, if we could have just done the loop, that's what we would have done. That's where a star gets lost. A trail that is supposed to loop, but doesn't and no explanation given.. on a placard, or their website... wherever..  we were kind of looking forward to the bouncy suspension bridge. It was not crowded when we were there, but I can see how it might get so. There is a large camping area (with facilities) and it is only 1/2 hour to downtown Tampa. Other than the closed suspension bridge, they were very good about informational signage. The trails were clearly marked, warnings about Poison Ivy (along with identifying pictures) and the "swampiness" of the Florida Trail, info about NOT feeding the alligators and avoiding the bears. I'm sure that we will be back to check out the rest of the park... another day.
This was our first camping trip in our new camper. We picked this park because of its location and proximity to my class on Saturday. We had a really nice site. It had plenty of brush coverage for privacy but close enough to the comfort station that we could walk. We brought all 3 dogs,  and they loved it. The park rangers were incredibly welcoming. The staff at the poolside cafe were also wonderful. The cafe opens at 9 but she let us come in on Saturday morning before they opened so I could purchase ice. You can rent canoes, golf carts, and 2 seater bikes. The park is on the river so gaining access is easy. Bring your bikes, riding us fun and more convenient than both walking or driving. The pool was closed for maintenance, but it is huge. There were also playgrounds for children, and plenty of shelters. Wildlife is abundant. I saw more deer here then I did in Yosemite. Seeing baby deer that still had their white spots was  a thrill. We will definitely go back. Picked out our favorite sites that we will select. They also have activities like camp fire circles, and in October they are hosting a haunted forest. Sounds fun!!
Love this beautiful park! I go here every few weeks for a walk with my pup. She loves it. The river rapids trail is most popular, and I would definitely recommend it for gorgeous nature views and a fun hike over bridges and winding paths. However, on my most recent visit, I asked the park ranger where I could specifically find a trail that wouldn't be filled with tourists, vacationers, or local hikers. And he pointed me towards... well, a path that was so nice, so isolated and so peaceful that I can't afford to share the secret! I'll just say that if you try them all on the map, you will eventually find it. While the park itself was overrun with people on this beautiful Saturday afternoon, I didn't see a single person in the two hours we hiked this trail, and it was glorious. Callie was able to walk off leash the whole time (don't tell on us, haha) and she loved it as well. If you're looking for a nice day hike, try this park out. Just bring cash for entry, some water since fountains are sparce, and your dog!
dogs are not allowed in primitive camping site. FYI! I called and made reservation, and I mentioned about bringing dog. They told me dogs are allowed if its on leash. We went there the day we stay, they told us we can't bring dogs at site. We had to go home after hours of driving. Very disappointed.
I've been on an "I hate fl" kick recently. I've been here all my life and after vacationing in GA, I want out. But, I went to this park and relized there are so many hidden gems in FL. Places that make you forget about the crowds, the tourists and the fact we don't get seasons. Once I stepped into this beautiful park, I felt like I was back in GA. Colored leaves, cool air and even small waterfalls. I now look at FL differently. Its all here, you just gotta find it. Words cannot describe this place. I can just suggest to go find out for yourself and enjoy what you are about to see.
Explorers unite! Hillsborough River State Park is chock-full of adventure for all ages. With traditional camp sites, primitive camping, miles of hiking trails, perfect gator spotting, canoe rentals, a swimming pool, and beautiful picnic areas right on the water, this place has something for everyone. For hikers, the trails are very easy walks. Take a stroll over the suspension bridge (I recommend jumping on it and making it sway over the alligator-infested waters below), hike over to the primitive camping sites, and keep your eyes wide open for bugs. The whole park is full of HUGE yellow and red spiders, and their webs often cross over the trail. Want more adventure on the river itself? Canoe the waters while searching for alligators, turtles, and birds with rentals from the park. They may as well guarantee sightings of the animals--of the 15+ times I've visited, I have never gone without seeing at least one huge alligator, dozens of turtles, and countless birds enjoying the river. With extensive trails, great camping facilities, and lots of options for families, Hillsborough River State Park is a must.
This is a review of their annual Hillsborough River State Park Haunted Woods.   i have been going to this for 4 years although they have been hosting it for 20 years!  All of the actors are volunteers.  The cost is $5 for adults, not sure the price for kiddos but I did hear some one say the forest part is not recommended for kids under 12 years old.  They have food concessions, a DJ, costume contests, craft area for kids, a  tram ride (Saturday only) and of course the Haunted Forest!  This event is only one weekend in October and it can get really busy but so worth the wait!  We keep saying we will rent an RV and stay in the camp ground.  Most campers decorate their areas and pass out candy to the people riding by on the tram.
Nothing tops an absolutely gorgeous day like a walk in a beautiful park.  The Hillsborough River offers wonderful serene landscape that promotes relaxation and picturesque views.  Getting back to nature brings a great deal of grounding and reflective possibilities.  There are many different stops and turns to bring about this. We spent most of our time on the shorter trails that began around the concession and picnic areas that traveled along the river to the rapids.  Along the way scenes of babbling water and still pools traveled along the trail revealing their appetizing views between the foliage.  Sometimes the trail allowed a rustic stair step access to the water's edge to obtain a different perspective for that wonderful photo opportunity.  The river was adorned by miniature islands with trees and foliage existing in their own minor existence.  The edge of the river had periodic root knees that sometimes looked like little villages.  One of the biggest and most impressive elements in the walk was that most of the trail was natural with an occasional boardwalk that was in place to avoid disturbing the naturalness of the forest.  Along the trail to the rapids there is a suspension bridge that is rustic wood traversing the river.  The bridge provides an uneasy bounce as you walk across to the Baynard Trail. The impressive point on the Baynard Trail is that as you went further back the trail grew narrower and narrower.  The trail was crisscrossed with trees that hung in odd fashion giving a very earthy environmental view with gentle turning curves that brought a different delight as you progressed. In the lower lying areas a rustic wood boardwalk was placed that added to the charm of the walk.  Although you are traveling away from the river the sense of relaxation that started with the scenes of the river are only enhanced by the experience of the forest. There were longer trails; however, these were perfect for the time that we had. The park offered other really nice amenities that we did not have the opportunity to experience.  At the trail head adjacent with the pool there is a quaint little café that offers an appealing experience for a future adventure.  A breakfast followed by a nice hike would be a wonderful adventure.  The park offers several water canoe/kayak options along with bicycling and camping.  There are plenty of opportunities to have an engaging time with multiple options.
If you need to get away from all the BS in the city and just go get lost in the woods. Go to this park. I have walked the trails there and have gone for 3 hours without seeing or hearing a soul. Bring water and bug spray.
Even though this is right by the highway in spots, this is a great park for seeing all sorts of wildlife. If you kayak down the river, you might, like we did, see an osprey, a roseate spoonbill, lots of really big gators (esp this time of year because they are out and about getting it on), a squirrel fall out of a tree into the river (yep, they can swim!), big and little fish, lots of turtles (not snapping ones, luckily), and lots of blue herons. The fishermen are friendly and there are lots of spots to get out and stretch. I will be back to this spot!
One of the best places to go camping that's near home!  Camped this past weekend and had a good time.  Counting down the days till we go back again at the end of November / early December!
This is an A+ park! Something for all ages to do all the time! from the over 12 miles of trails to the calm quite scenery there is something foreveryone! In addition check out the Canoe/boat/surry rentals - fishing the river - great weekend evening programs - tram tour - wonderful concession area with gifts and cafe - HUGE pool. Both the RV/tent camping area and the Primitive camping are are wonderful! Book 2-3 months in advance during the busy season and for holidays atleast 4 months in advance at reserveamerica.com
I truly love this place. My favorite park in tampa. Great camping
