Legoland can be summed up in one sentence: Not worth the price. That being said, the Lego statues throughout the park are REALLY cool. Those and the three medium roller coasters kept our older kids (10 and 12) interested. Our younger son (7) had a much better time as the whole park is geared towards younger kids. That being said, there was little to do that was more than a county fair would offer. And given that ticket prices are more than Universal and comparable to Disney, there's no way we'd do the 45 minute drive from Orlando again. We wanted to love it, but relative to the other Orlando theme parks, every step felt cheaper and like we were getting ripped off.
Really fun 2 days with our 6 year old son. Glad we did the second day as it allowed us to not rush around trying to cram everything in. (Plus the second day was only an additional $10 when ordered online.) The staff was friendly and the park was clean. Definitely lacks some efficiencies and amenities- slow check in with no shade, long lines at understaffed lunch spots. Overall a great trip for a young kid.
I was so very disappointed in Legoland.  There is nothing to appeal to a person over about 10 years old.  If you're there with kids, you'll enjoy watching them have a good time, but you probably won't have one yourself. Even the food is disappointing.  It was difficult to find in places.  Once found the variety and quality were poor. Sadly my favorite part of the theme park was the old Cypress Gardens area they had restored.  I understand they've re-opened two other Cypress Gardens venues now.  Hmmm. Of all the tourist traps in Florida, this tops my list now.  Okay, that's not fair.  I'd go here before I ever went to Daytona Beach again.
My daughter and I enjoyed the day today. There were almost no lines in most of the roller coasters, and we liked the show of the pirates by the lake. I think the price of the ticket is worth the attractions that the park offers. I won't recommend the park to kids older than 12, they would probably get bored in most of the attractions.
I loved this place, and more importantly my daughter did too. It's not very big, but there is enough to keep one there for hours, as we learned firsthand. There are three slides that are a great distance above the ground. One is covered, with the thrill being that you twist and turn without knowing where you are and seeing where you are going. There is another that has a nice steep and sudden drop, which was also pretty fun. The other was ok, but I don't recall anything special about it. They have a big splash area with slides and HUGE buckets that dump water down below. There is a lazy river/lagoon where everyone floats down (with the help of a controlled current) on inflatables either in a single or double. Some of them have bottoms in them for smaller kids. There is a smaller water pool with smaller slides for the smaller kids also. And lastly, they have a wave pool. Every few minutes the machine generates some pretty nice sized waves for everyone to get caught up in. There are life jackets all over for kids. There is a changing room at the entrance. While it's not spotless, it isn't filthy either. You can rent a locker (1 of 3 sizes to choose from. $5, $7, and I think $9 or $10 respectively) that you can open and close as much as you like throughout the day, and you can pay with cash or card. There are food and drinks for sale, but we ate elsewhere. Other than the fact that I somehow managed a sunburn, I have zero complaints about this place, and neither does my little one (who didn't burn). As far as the cost, because I'm free (military) and my family gets discounted tickets, I can't really say anything bad about that either. All in all, a great place to spend a hot day. Just bring and apply sunscreen (which I did but still burned, so I don't know what to tell you).
Love this place. It's crazy what kind of stuff people can build.  Great for kids, for sure.
Dirty lego sculptures, electronics that do not work, grumpy employees, long lines for rides, an app that does not work, what a disappointment for the lego brand. It will be interesting to see if they turn the park around when they open their hotel next year or if they continue to offer a shoddy park.
My kids (ages 1, 10, & 12) loved it.  But it was very hot, overpriced, and only moderately well kept up. The food was typical theme park fare...overpriced and of average quality. The rides are definitely geared towards young kids and my 12yo got bored with them quickly. I was disappointed when I discovered the water park was a separate admission fee as well...seemed over the top to me
This is a great park for small children. That being said, I don't have kids, but I am obsessed with LEGO so I can just go wander around and look at Miniland for hours and see all the little details that are throughout the land. The rides are not made for adults, so keep that in mind, but I don't go for the rides. I love going during the holidays because LEGOLAND tends to go all out with the LEGO decorations for Halloween and Christmas. I love that it's close enough to Orlando to go for the day or just a couple of hours. Little kids are what this park is aimed for, so teens are probably going to be over it before they even get there.
I am giving the water park a 3 due to the cost vs hours.  We just returned from the Memorial Day weekend.  The water park is open from 10:30 to 5:30..... so, just before it gets hot till it starts to cool down.  Sunset is around 8:45 pm, it really should be open later.  It is a smaller area, so it will fill up and you will have to wait to get in if you get there late on a busy day.  The rides are nice and pretty much something for every age group.  We found it best to show up early get a good seating area and hit the waterslides while there is no line.  We then spent the rest of the time in the wave pool or lazy river.  Bring a small cooler with water and snacks.  There is one restaurant that has burgers, chicken fingers, salads, fries.  We had a great time, just wish the hours were better.  The same goes for the main park.
I was very disappointed with Legoland. The first surprise was that I had to pay $14 to park. Why not build that into the entry fee instead of nickel and dining me and wasting my time to wait in a line of cars to pay? Next I had a voucher from Amazon for me and my son. I realized when I was in the ridiculously long voucher line that I was supposed to print it and I'm not sure why that is required since my smallest local restaurant can take an Amazon voucher on my phone. The kind woman at the window dealt with it, but she did have to go to a separate computer to print it and return to the window to write some validation code on it, rubber stamp it, date it and staple a receipt to it. Are you kidding me? Poor me having to wait for this process to complete and poor Legoland employee for having to do it. No wonder the line was so slow. Next was the 20 min ticket line. It appears they have he slowest scanners on earth. It takes 2-3 tries for any ticket to scan and the line creeps along. If this were a sporting event, 50% of the attendees would miss the game. It took about an hour from driving into the entrance to passing through the ticket validation. Completely ridiculous with a very excited young kid. Next came at least 5 stores that I had to steer my child away from before we even got to any rides. The first ride line we got to was 45 mins and it stayed that way until they shut down all rides for 45 mins because of the threat of rain. That actually made some lines shorter for a bit when things finally started again, but I'm not sure why the whole park needed to be shut down. The biggest disappointment is the overall maintenance of the park. Most of the Lego displays are faded from the sun and just look old. The pools around the displays are dirty and many of the moving pieces are broken. I don't expect Disney level maintenance, but my local amusement park does a better job. Another frustrating part of the experience was the lack of signage. There are very few signs identifying directions to different park areas and finding a bathroom is like a scavenger hunt. I love Legos and I really don't think this place lives up to the brand they have created. The brand is all about precision and  quality and this place just isn't.  Not sure I would go back unless something dramatically changed.
(3.5 stars) After spending two days here and riding every single ride in both the park and water park I can honestly say I'm glad I went but I would not return. I purchased the tickets online through a corporate discount and thus got a pretty good deal for a 2 day, 2 park pass. I visited during spring break and while the lines weren't as crazy as Disney and the park didn't nickle and dime you as much, I felt like there were a lot of skippable rides.There were only a couple of real roller coasters and even those were short and not that intense. I think the park would best be enjoyed by kids between the ages of 5-7 y.o. If spending the night, I recommend staying at the Hampton Inn and Suites in Lake Wales and taking advantage of their shuttle to save on the $14 parking at the park.
Firstly, Legoland is owned by Merlin Entertainment which is apparently an European company. I've always been a HUGE Lego fan so this was a treat even as an adult though most rides are catered to kids 11 and under. Pros: -Ample parking -Lines aren't terribly long if you arrive by 10am -Have your kids bring their Lego minifigures, they can trade them with the workers -Lots of photo ops with various Lego statues -The Park is clean and well maintained -You can spend most of the day in this park without your kids getting bored -Lockers/Towel rentals available Cons: -Costly admission for both adults and children -All rides will be shut down if there is a thunderstorm, they do not offer refunds -Some rides are a bit short for the amount of wait that is required -Water park can only be reached by walking through the entire park Tips: -You are allowed to bring bottled water and snacks -Come during the end of July, beginning of August bc the park closes at 8pm -Look for discounts, try reserveorlando.com, tickets are $59
Review #1000:  LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO LEGO... LEGO LEGO LEGO.  LEGO?  LEGO. For those of you who have been following along for the last 999 reviews, I like Lego.  They're funny.  The minifigures all look like they're having a good time (even the angry ones).  Building awesome things is always fun. So my Mom thought it would be a good idea during our Tampa trip to take me to Legoland.  This was an excellent decision.   Parking is expansive, though it seems you can pay to get closer if you'd like.  Basically, it's just like many other amusement parks.   They have things for everyone.  For the kids, there are rides, rides about Lego City, Lego Castle, Lego Egypt, and Lego Chima (which is a TV show or something).  For the adults, there's Minitown and the botanical gardens, the latter where you may run into an alligator (we did not :( ) as well as a giant rainforest tree.   In Minitown, you'll find miniature versions of many American icons:  The Statue of Liberty, Las Vegas, Manhattan, Kennedy Space Center, San Francisco, and Washington DC (White House, Capitol, Jefferson and Lincoln Memorials, Washington Monument).  You'll also find major Florida things, like Daytona International Speedway, Miami Beach, Tallahassee, Tampa, and other places I didn't recognize because I'm not from Florida.   They also have Star Wars Minitown, which makes miniature versions of major parts of the Star Wars series, like the Mos Eisley Cantina, Hoth, and the Battle of Endor.  They also have scenes from the prequels, like that thing that happened, and Darth Maul.  In addition, there are giant lifesize versions of Darth Vader, R2-D2, and the aforementioned Darth Maul.   If you explore further, you'll find other great Lego sculptures:  Lego otters, Lego foxes, Lego Batman (BATMAN!), Lego Einstein face, Lego dinosaurs, Lego sleeping knight, Lego Lego Lego. They also have Lego stores, complete with Lego minifigures.  Don't want to spend your time at Target watching middle-aged people feel the Lego bags to see if they can find the rare Lego minifigure?  I don't.  That's weird. Yes, buddy, you really need to find the one that only 5,000 exist of.  You know what I want? I want the surprise.  If I get the nerd dude, or the American Revolutionary soldier, I'm like "YAY!".  If I get one I already have 3 of, that's okay too.  They can start a band.  Basically, this place doesn't seem to have any of those people, which is another good thing.   Each section of the park is marked, and there are provisions available for the very hot Florida summers (water, food, mist fountains, etc.) The one downside is that it is pricy.  That being said, if you're a Florida resident, you can buy a Florida pass, which pays for itself on your first visit.  So if you think you'll go back and are in Florida, you're in good shape. Overall, LEGO.  LEGO LEGO LEGO.  LEGO.
Wow is the ways to describe this place. My son and I had a blast here. I got a great deal through AAA. It's a little less than an hour away from Tampa. From the moment we walk in the gates its was on. Lego's are everywhere even while waiting in line there are sections for kids to play with more Lego's. My son came with his on Lego was able to connect them with the different Lego's at the park. I absolutely love that it was not as crowded as many other parks. Its a very clean park. The rides are age appropriate and as an adult you can enjoy the rides as well. The entire park is geared towards children ages 4 through 12 and adults can enjoy as well. Overall my son and I had a great time and a dream come true for him.
We had a great experience at this park.  It does appeal to a specific demographic...kids.  Since we have a boatload of kids, it was great for us.  The ages of our kids range from 5 to 12. While there are some rides that would appeal to the older side (over 12), it starts to seem like a "kiddy place" for kids who hit their teens.  We've been to several of the theme parks in Florida.  If you go with the right expectations (you're not going to Disney) you'll have an absolute blast with your family. We did. Key points: Someone killed the place for lack of courtesy (wouldn't let his 5 yr old in w no shirt, gave hard time for refund ticket...). Don't listen to him or complainers like him. Almost ALL of the reviewers who kill the place are upset due to their own lack of planning and failure to understand basic park rules.  Wear something you can walk around in all day AND swim in (rash guard shirt and swim shorts). Even many women were wearing that and it's the best thing to do on a hot day. The same clown who is FROM FLORIDA whined about the place for shutting down rides due to weather.  (August+Florida=THUNDERSTORMS). Even I know THAT, and I'm from Bayonne NJ...LOL!!!  Did you do something crazy like CHECK THE WEATHER before you went?? Just wait it out and it's no big thing.  Plenty to do while u wait out the storm. If you don't mind walking back to your car, I would plan to eat a nice lunch at your car. You'll save a nice wad of cash...  Get there early (before 10am) and your walk wont be far from the entrance at all.   Many people kill the staff for courtesy. I found them to be friendly and basically helpful. They aren't Harvard grads to be sure, but I think too many people are expecting Disney. If there is a downside, it's in this area however. The staff was friendly, but somewhat uninformed. I see this as a training issue.  Example: we were near the front entrance and our youngest one had a blister from their shoes.  We asked if there was a place we could get or buy  band-aides, and the person at the gate gave a confident "nope". I carried the little sport about 150 feet and what was around the corner? A HUGE first-aid sign pointing to a very helpful staff more than willing to help.  LOL. That lady should go play Dopey at the OTHER theme park. For that, a star was lost. Some people complain that it's a dirty place. Not true. The same typical litter you see at any park. Some people are slobs, but it is not a filthy park at all. Again, not the constant sweeping like at Disney, but it was pretty clean.   A couple of reviewers said there was no shade and no misting sprays for hot days.  They must have fixed that... Finally...some people complained about the price. LOL!! If you're dumb enough to go without taking a second to check online deals, they should charge you double!! There are SO MANY WAYS to save. We had Pepsi cans that allowed kids to get in FREE with one full paid adult.  Look online people!!! Deals all over the web! Do the math and find the deal that works best for you.  We averaged about 55 bucks a head. Not too bad... ENJOY!
We love this place. Perfect place for kids 3-12 years of age. We have two little girls in the age of 5 and 7 who love love legoland.  They can go on all the rides and I LOVE the fact that we as a parent can go on it with them. Today was the first time we visited the waterpark. Love it!!! There were at least 4 different section of the water parks.  The line for rides are not long like Disneyworld. The food and drinks were fairly price. We can't wait to go back. But one last thing. They need more staff and the staff they have need to function better as a team. A+ to the lifeguard. They were on their game. I'm very impressed!!! Will be back very soon  .:)
I have to preface this by saying, this is a lower-end theme park. Don't expect Disney, or Universal, or anything of that variety. DO expect a great place to bring your little ones. I highly suggest against coming here without children, as it is geared towards kids. Yes, there are coasters, but if you're above 6'4 you run the risk of being decapitated on said coaster...or possibly becoming part of the coaster as it might be difficult to get out. The coaster cars are small, not built for adults to be riding day in and day out. You can ride with your kid if you aren't on the tall (or wide) side, but you'd honestly look a little odd walking around with just another adult. For kids, it's fantastic, especially if kids are between 5 and 12 and enjoy the rides. There are some other things to do, like a 4D theater, and little race cars and some water rides, but plenty to keep kids busy for the day. We visited on a Saturday in the summer and really didn't suffer from long waits. They have plenty to do, the park is clean, and there's lots to check out. Their Lego villages were great. I could check out the details on those forever. And lastly, please check online for specials and deals before going and paying full price. If you pay full price, you won't like it as much as if you get buy one get one deals. Just sayin'. :P
We went on a random, summer Tuesday and it was not terribly busy, which was a huge plus. Ticket prices were okay, we had a BOGO coupon for the kids to get in free. Rides were cute, there was enough to entertain the 12 and under crowd, possibly  older kids. I found a few of the rides difficult to fit on due to my height. 6ft is tall, but not THAT tall. My legs were too long to fit behind safety bars, etc. If it rains, the rides close and you don't get a refund. Something to consider in FL where it seems to rain at least 10 times a day! Where LEGOLAND could improve/take lessons from Disney, is to put more thought into the comfort of their guests and how to keep us in the park. I packed a bunch of snacks and bottled water in our stroller. Boy am I glad I did. Their food prices are ASININE. We're talking $8 for popcorn and over $3 for a 20oz. soda or water. Well, I guess I'm cheap, but here's the catch, we would have stayed in the park much longer had we not been hungry. Because of the food prices, we decided to make do with our snacks, push through a couple more rides and then leave to find food elsewhere. Disney's food prices aren't even as high, probably because they know that people will stay in the parks and spend more money if they're not starving. Yes, we will take our kids back to LEGOLAND. We will have PLENTY of snacks and sandwiches along next time.
First of all, if you are staying in Orlando, the 45 minute drive time given on the Legoland website is a bit misleading. It is really a GOOD hour from most of the hotels near Disney or Sea World. Feels pretty off the beaten path. That said, the kids (ranging from 7-12) had a good time. We went on a Monday in June--HOT. Not much shade, especially in the miniatures area which was otherwise awesome...if you could forget about the fact that it feels like you are a very small egg in a very large frying pan as you walk around in there.  Remarkable that theme parks in Central FL don't think about this during construction!! Rides are small but fun for the most part...not a lot to do otherwise. Would not bring teenagers or really anyone over 11 of 12, unless they really LOVE Legos. Food--all food here is "specialty" so it's either all burgers, all chicken, all sandwiches, etc. spread few & far between and for some reason not all were open during our visit. Cleanliness--could be MUCH better. Staff seems like they could be better trained. My kids & I don't need to hear ride operators complain about not getting their lunch breaks on time. Also, we asked for directions a few times and the staff either didn't know, were vague, or gave us wrong information and pointed us toward food stands that were not open. Kids liked the driving school the best, along with the boats. Roller coasters were fun but short. Virtually no lines though so we were able to ride twice. Would recommend but maybe not in summer as it was still pretty miserable. Not for bringing kids over 12. We did not go to the water park because we were basically done by 3:30 pm after getting there at 11am.
Want to take the kids out somewhere cheap and worth your money? Go to Lego Land, Lego Land is perfect for children and adults they have something for everyone. There lazy river is the best by far!!
We have a pretty brave 6 yr old boy and a cautious 9 yr old girl both of whom love Legos and this was a perfect family adventure. The coasters and other rides were perfect for them and they LOVED the Mindstorms class. It WAS educational too! We had lunch at the panini place and it was really good and not too atrocious priced for an amusement park. Didn't do the water park as it wasn't open the day we went. We prob spent about 6 hrs on a Monday and could have easily enjoyed another day there. Cost wasn't too bad as we had a coupon where kids go free with a paying adult. Would definitely recommend/go back!
I guess I need to keep my point of view in perspective.  I have 10 and 12 year old boys and I LOVE roller coasters.   But my kids LOVE LEGOS! Here's the deal with the roller coasters.    Remember the Big Thunder Mountain coaster at Disney when you were a kid and it was the only coaster at Disney other than Space Mountain?  It's a ride built for 4 year olds and seniors.  BUT at least it's  3 minutes long!  The Legoland coasters are full scale coasters but VERY tame and short.  They are so short that only one coaster can be running at a time making the wait time longer.  I timed the last one I rode (Flight School) and it was 60 seconds, including the time it takes to be pulled up to the top.  So I would say these coaster are 25 seconds long.   The rest of the rides?  Driving and boating school looked cool for a 5 year old, and a couple more that appeared like they were hijacked from the local street fair. So back to putting it in perspective.   A few years ago at Islands Adventure my 9 year old was too scared and my 7 year old was too short to ride any of the thrill rides.  This park would have been perfect at that time.  But still the park seemed like it was put together on a budget and only "half baked".  Especially since they charge about the same as Disney or Universal. The Lego displays were amazing. We purchased burgers and they were inedible.  (I ate 1/2 and had to toss it) My kids perspective?  They loved it.  For me? kind of sucked.
BE CAREFUL WITH A VOUCHER!!! We planned an entire weekend getaway to Legoland, from Miami, for our two boys' birthdays.  We purchased vouchers on Amazon Local for a one-day entrance.  The voucher clearly stated that it could be shown on a smartphone, so we didn't bother to print it (why waste paper?).  However, when we arrived to Legoland (after a total of 3hrs and 45 minutes of driving), they said they don't take vouchers on SmartPhones, they need a printed copy.  Really?  What year is this?   Great, how do I print it there, and from my SmartPhone?  So the guest agent gave us an email to send the voucher too.  Sounds easy right?  Except these vouchers aren't emails, they are available on your screen only.  So the agent suggested I do a screen shot, and attach that to an email, and wait for the receiving person to print it.  I didn't know how to take a screen shot on my new phone, but after some fiddling, I figured it out.  We sent the two vouchers and sat outside waiting for them to be received and printed.   Then, when the agent that was printing them out finallly got them, he couldn't take the vouchers, because they were only the first page (which included the only relevant information they would need - the bar code and voucher number).  He said he needed the "second page", which basically just had the terms and conditions.  Ironically, when he showed me the page he needed (from another person's printed voucher), it stated at the very top "Print this voucher or show it on your SmartPhone".  HAHAHAHAHA!!!  He blamed Amazon, saying they hadn't supplied the proper technology for them to take the vouchers on a SmartPhone.   Well, by that time, 45 minutes had passed and a lot of frustration, and I had no idea how to get that second page on the screen of my SmartPhone to do another screen shot and email (nor should I have to in the first place), so we just left and went to SeaWorld instead (a 45-min drive back to Orlando), with two crying boys in tow.   I called Amazon Local to make a formal complaint and get a refund for the voucher, and I have noticed that since my call, they have changed the terms of the offer to say "Please Bring Printed Voucher to Redeem".  Glad my bad experience could serve to prevent others from having the same one.
We went to Lego Land a few days ago, and it definitely could have been better. Our day started by paying the parking fee, lucky enough I found out you could pay $12.00 online so we paid online and printed our our own parking ticket.  When we parked the semi nightmare began. First, the walk to the main entrance was very far, although we were the first ones to get there. we found out at the gate that it would cost $20.00 to park for preferred parking. Considering the fact we already paid a good amount on tickets there was no chance of taking out money again to pay more for parking. So we waited in line and waited for the parked to open, and that's where a mini show takes place to open the park. We proceeded to enter the park and the walking begins yet again. Since it was the old Cypress Gardens I definitely knew what was removed and replaced through the park. We continued walking for a good 15-20 minutes just to get to the water park all the way in the back. Yes, you read correctly 15-20 min walk in the hot Florida weather to get to the water park. The water park to my surprise was pretty small but we got to cool down after the long walks we took. We decided to leave and move on to some of the rides. Most were for little kids but most parents can ride along. The much talked about and advertised CHIMA was were we wanted to go to. The line moved quickly, we entered the boat and then started shooting water guns at objects, we had no clue where to shoot but apparently you will get wet and that was definitely fine with us. To our dismay that's all the ride was a very slow moving boat ride with water pistols.  Honestly it was just plain bad. We went on a couple more rides and my daughter seemed to enjoy them. The drivers track for children is fun, but the cost to get a "drivers license" cost $15.99!!! She didn't want it, so that was fine with me. We decided to have lunch at this point and found a pizza buffet at $13.99 for adults and $8.99 for children. The food was alright nothing to brag about, we were just hungry. Right after we decided to watch the 3D Lego Chima Movie. It was extremely cold there but the movie was good along with the other elements that were included. During all this time we were extremely exhausted from all the walking we did. Yes I know at Disney you have to walk but the difference is that Disney has rides and entertainment at almost every corner unlike Lego land. Plus Disney also has a trolley to take you to and from the parking area before going on a monorail and or boat to get to Disney World. It started raining and we decided to shop a little before taking the long walk back to the exit. Overall it could have been worse but they should really open an entrance in the water park area. That's definitely the factor I will consider if we return. If it's not fixed by the time we come back then we will not be back next year.
Next to Seaworld - this is probably one of the best amusement park in the area.  This place is 100% for the kids, there is very little entertainment for parents, except for the huge smiles that you will see.  Below is my breakdown of the good and the bad. The good: ...Plenty of parking and it is easy to get in the park ...The kids love to trade lego figures with the people that work in the park ...It is clean, very ...The rides are perfect for smaller kids ...If you want to get your kids into roller coasters, they have some easy starter ones ...The lego towns are amazing, you can spend an hour just marveling over the complexity of them The bad: ...It isn't that large - you can easily see everything in a day and will have time to do a couple of the rides twice ...The rides are fun and creative, but not as elaborate as a Disney ride ...The area around the park is lame - nothing to do.  LegoLand is the biggest thing in Winter Haven ...Hotels to stay in?  Forget it... go for the day and leave.  The very best hotels on the area are poor ...Typical park food, nothing special ...Some of the rides and adventures are boring - not engaging enough for kids Overall, a very pleasant day with the kids.  I wish we did not stay over.  I'd come back, maybe once and year until the kids were about 11.
Legoland really has some nice parts and some really low parts... POS -This is a really pretty area. Specifically Cypress Gardens and the Pirate's cove. It looks over a very nice lake. You see a banyan tree, pretty flowers, etc. Great for pictures -Place is relatively empty. Nothing like disney. I had 30 minute waits as most. -Small park, so easy to reach everything -Lil ones i was with (4 and 9) looked like they were having fun...good for them. - If you are really into legos, you'll enjoy it....Miniland/lego cities were amazing... seriously... i don't even like legos. The time put in blows my mind though NEG -81 dollars for THIS?! This aint no disney... Glad AAA sold them for 55. Even that's too much, honestly. -Terrible rides. All of them last under a minute. Safari was a circle. There's just not that much effort... Looks like too much time spent on legos, not on rides. -This place is meant for kids ten and under. I had fun spraying water on the water ride, and on one roller coaster (project X), but that's it. I would say take your kids, but that price doesnt make sense. Go to a better park for that price!
Perfect for small kids 5-10yrs. Not so overwhelming like Disney. More relaxing and easier on adults. There are rides, many exhibits of Legos, hands on fun, Ski show is excellent. Best is the Driving school where kids learn how to drive first by video, then go out and drive their own cars with no tracks. They have to follow traffic lights and signs with even a rotary. Still very new, they need to tweak a few things like the long line at the ticket counter and handling Etickets from outside sources. Really? You have to wait for Brenda to get her email to print it out? Parking is $14!!!! If you are an annual member its free.
The service to get in is a joke!  Expect to take 1-2 hrs. Not enough ticket booths takes long weight to buy ticket then there is a similar weight to get in park. Need to fix no other Florida park is this long a weight. Figure it out legoland!
Legoland is like my inner child's wet dream. I loved Legos as a kid...hell, I love Legos now! I have to say this place made my inner child very happy. Unfortunately it was very hot and my daughter was not having it.  Everything I got to see was really cool.  The rides looked fun though I didn't go on any. The minitown cities were amazing as were the Star Wars setup from each Star Wars movie. The cost is outrageous though.....I believe they fancy themselves as Disney.  The ticket prices are on target with Disney and the costs inside the park made me vomit in my mouth a little.  $12 for a burger and fries!?!?!  No thanks I'll wait until I leave to eat.  I did have to buy 2 Gatorades though due to the heat....good thing that only set me back $7!  That was sarcasm...just in case you didn't catch that.  Even the parking was outrageous.  They have 2 tiers for parking......PO' parking at $14 and 1%er parking, also called premier parking, at $20.  Despite my wife's reasoned pleas I chose the PO' parking. This meant we parked a mile away from the entrance, but I'm not paying $20 for parking.  Who do I look like, Mitt Romney?  To sum it all up the park was awesome, the prices were outrageous, and I'm cheap.  I give Legoland 4 Doubledays.
Since we heard of Legoland's planning stages two years ago, we've been looking forward to a trip to Winter Haven. I have to say, Legoland didn't disappoint at all. Sure, it's a smaller park then the rest of the Orlando's offerings, but that was actually a nice break. Let's see...let me ask my lego child (7 YO) to come over and tell me hisfavorite three things about legoland- which he LOVED. TYLER'S TOP THREE 1. Test track roller coaster: It has a fun drop, and is like the ride "the mousetrap". 2. Lego Mini City: all of America's major cities, rebuilt in Lego...plus Cape Canaveral, Daytona Speedway, and an AWESOME Lego Star Wars exhibit 3. Lego Pirate Show: get there early-as we did- and let your kids man the water cannons in the front row- and be a part of the show! Other positives: 1. Rides: about 4 rides, all geared towards kids k-5. Nothing too scary. Besides "Test Track", "Flight School" was good. Younger kids liked the Ford Lego driving school also. Lots of other rides for the 3-6 YO crowd. On this Friday, lines were virtually non-existent. 2. Prices: Parking was $14; admission was $46/adult, but we had tickets from the Lego Club magazine for "buy adult, get kids ticket free".  Well worth subscribing in advance if you know you will be going! Food: pizza/salad buffet was $12 per adult; food was pretty good. 3.  Building: Kids enjoyed the education center, where you can build your own cars and race them against other kids.You can also build you on lego skyscraper and see how it withstands an earthquake. 4. Setting: the old Cypress Gardens lives on! Park is clean, pictureesque, and colorful. Lake Eliose is a great setting! Bathrooms were clean and smelled perhaps the best of any theme park I've ever smelled...besides, perhaps, Busch Gardens. 5. Lego Mini City was really amazing! VERDICT: When Tyler was asked whether he liked Magic Kingdom or Legoland better, his reply was, "What do you think?" I have a feeling that Legoland has just embedded itself in our Orlando itinerary for at least 10 more years!
Let me preface this review by saying that I'm not particularly fond of Legos or children.  So, for me, going to Legoland was sort of like being stuck in one of the circles of Hell.  The reason we went was because the GF has some sort of obsession with putting those little, plastic bricks together and I thought I'd be nice for our anniversary. These are the things I learned while there:   The current park hours are only from 10am-5pm.  So, if you're some sort of sucker for punishment and want to experience all of the rides, displays, shows, etc., you're not going to be able to do it.  This is especially true considering that they closed all of the rides at 3pm.  Shutting down all of the rides 2 hours before the park closes when you have limited park hours to begin is not going to be standard practice, I HOPE. The park was built on what used to be Cypress Gardens.  They kept a little section of the Gardens in the form of a path that meanders through a forest-y area and they still have the old butterfly conservatory (which no longer holds butterflies but instead is used to hold group lunches or something).  They also still have a water ski show but now the performers ski in Lego costumes. The park is REALLY geared toward children, provided that they're not too small.  There are height requirements on almost all of the rides (even the babiest of them) which will probably exclude anyone under 5 years of age.  I'm guessing on the age, 'cause I really don't know the height averages for children as I do not own any.  By the same token, if you are a larger person (either in height or weight), you will not be able to fit on the rides either. They have a section of the park that reminded me of a fair where you can play games and win giant Shreck and Spongebob stuffed toys but you have to pay more money (on top of the $75 entrance fee) to play the games, which I think is ridiculous. Speaking of the exorbitant $75 daily pass - if you've got a military hookup, use it.  On base, the tickets only cost $40. I've never ever been to a theme park gift shop where I had not wanted to buy something... until I came to Legoland.  Seriously, this place was built to sell Legos.  You can get them in kits and you can even buy specific pieces one at a time or in bulk.  I think every Lego kit that was ever made is available for purchase, except for the $800 Taj Majal one.  I think that's only because it's too heavy to carry.  If you're a Lego geek, you will die from Lego overload.  As for myself, I can't see spending $275 on a pixilated version of the Millenium Falcon which you build once and then relegate to a countertop where it will take up space and gather dust in perpetuum until the cat knocks it over and it breaks into a thousand pieces shortly after you throw away the building manual. Did I tell you that the park is only open from10am-5pm?  Praise Jesus!
LEGOLAND is a fun place for those 5-12 and those over 60, or self- proclaimed LEGO heads.  There are a handful of rides for tots. Was able to go today with small fry and she had a blast!  Although not everything was open and the staff was a bit confused at times, I have high hopes that this newest theme park will be a new go to spot. This is a run down of our day: *Pull in to park.  $6 for motorcycles, $12 for cars. $20 for preferred parking.  (Don't bother with the preferred...  If you can't walk the length of the small parking lot, you need to go home!) *First stop was coffee at the Market Restaurant.  Skip it.  Although they serve Joffrey's Coffee, the equipment they use does not brew a great cup of coffee.  It was too strong and bitter and took forever to brew.  Same machines also makes, lattes, Americanos & cappuccino.  Regular coffee is $2.50. * We then walked over to LEGO Kingdoms.  Cute castle area showcasing The Dragon coaster.  Small fry rode Royal Joust.  She was extremely disappointed that she didn't get to actually joust, but seemed happy enough riding the LEGO look horse around the track. * Next stop, quick look around Land of Adventure....   Rode the Safari Trek.  Cute ride good for little ones, you go around the track in your safari vehicle and look at the LEGO animals.   * MINILAND!  This is where you'll find all the landmarks rebuilt LEGO style.  You can stay here hours looking at all the little details they built.  Really cool stuff.   * Next stop LEGO CITY.  This is where we spent a lot of time: First, small fry participated in the FORD Driving School.  Waited for a while in a non-themed gray cattle pen.  Then were let into another gray room to watch a short video on driving basics.  This is where it got a little nerve wracking.  They took the kids out one door, and the parents were told to go through another door...  eeek!  Not explained beforehand, but all right.  So, all the parents go outside and watch as your child picks a little car and then DRIVES IT!!   So cute, and I learned that small fry can rock a roundabout!  Then then get little cards that's their "driver's license".  You can upgrade it for a "real" license for a mere $14.99. Next was Rescue Academy.  *NOTE: if you have a bad back or are severely out of shape, skip this activity.*  This is a WORKOUT parents!  Cute concept, but not well thought out.  Small fry enjoyed the experience, but I'm still eating Advil.  You have to "pump" your fire truck to get it to move to the end of the track, then get out and "pump" the water so it will shoot out at your target.  Once your target is hit, then you jump back into the truck and pump it back to the start position.   *IMAGINATION ZONE:  Build and Test zone.  Fun but a little chaotic...  as you enter the building you check out 4 wheels, then go and build a car.  They have multiple ramps of various shapes and sizes so you can test of how well your car will perform.   *LEGO TECHNIC:  AQUAZONE Wave Racers.  Fun ride where you control wave racers with a steering wheel as the ride whizzes you around in a small body of water.  Small fry LOVED this and figured out how to bring us to stop, so the water cannons could drench me...  drawback, only 6 vehicles available per side so it can take a while to actually get on. * We ate lunch at the Market Restaurant.  Good food; HORRIBLE concept.  They had 5 stations to order from, 1 was Chinese, 2 rotisserie chicken, 1 kids  menu items and 1 soup/salad.   There were no clear lines, the staff was overwhelmed and it was mass chaos.  The upside?  The kids meal of chicken fingers and grapes was tasty, the rotisserie chicken was excellent and the sides of wedge potatoes and mac & cheese were tasty.  Best part?  2 adult & 1 child's meal w/2 fountain beverages was $28 bucks.   * Also tried an order of their Granny's Apple Fries, only available at aptly named "Granny's Apple Fries" building.  Granny apples cut into French fries, then fried and dusted with cinnamon sugar.  Served with vanilla cream dipping sauce.  They were interesting, but more of a curiosity.  At $4.99 +tax, I wouldn't get them again. ***FOOD ALLERGY ALERT-  I noticed a LOT of cross contamination.  If you have food allergies of ANY kind, I would bring your own food & snacks.  I hope that as time goes on, they will figure this piece out, but for now err on the safe side.   The only thing I really did not like about this theme park was the plethora of carnival type games.  If I'm paying $$$$ to get into a theme park, I don't want to be bothered by people trying to get me to spend more $$ to win a stuffed animal!  Expensive too... one price I saw was $6. for 2 tries.  Now, everyone is a winner.... but who wants to drag that stuff around??  However, the staff wasn't too pushy and were respectful when we said no. A fun day and small fry LOVED being there.  Not sure if we'll go a lot, considering the pricing, but as a once a year treat it's do able!
LEGOLAND is a great park for kids in the elementary school age. My impression of the park as an adult was that it was very clean and well cared for. There are plenty of rides and things to do. I didn't think the park was open nearly long enough. We got there when they opened at 10am and left when they closed at 5pm. I think we had time to do half of the park. And the park was busy! We waited for the Dragon coaster for 30 minutes. (And btw... none of the wait times were accurate. They ALL said 60 minutes. What's the point of having them then?) Why not open 9am-8pm at least on weekends?!? Good thing our tickets were free or I would have felt ripped off. Employees were fairly friendly but lacked that extra pizazz of a Disney cast member. An example would be while eating lunch after seeing the fire safety show the cast of the show walked by where we were eating, still in uniform. My son was excited and eagerly waved at the host of the show who looked angry and stared straight ahead while walking quickly. To her credit one of the female cast members was waving and smiling to the kids who were waving at her. Disney first would never allow an employee to walk through the park in uniform (they'd be "backstage") and if they did they sure better be smiling and waving! The Lego displays are awesome and the exhibits creative. The roller coasters are all pretty much kiddie coasters. Although Flight School is neat in that kids over 44" can ride while their legs dangle. Like Shannon R. said, great starter coasters. The water park is tucked WAAAAY in the back of the park. You have to walk through the park to get to the water potion, what a pain! While we were there they had to close two separate pools at separate times for "code brown". Ewwww... The wave pool was smaller and less wavey than Wet n' Wild. The splash structure is pretty neat but the water is soooo cold! We had to wait in line for slides the whole time shivering as cold water sprayed us from every direction. Not fun. My son absolutely obsessed over the Legos in the lazy river. You can collect floating foam Legos and build them onto your tube. Lifeguards were even getting concerned the way he would not stop trying to collect the blocks. He had a blast though! If the park wasn't an hour and a half from my house I'd consider getting a season pass, especially since I have a five year old. This is the perfect park for kids his age.
I have been there twice this year. Once with my Son and his Family at Easter and once with my Daughter and her Kids in July. My son's 3 kids are 5, 9, and 12. It was cold and crowded but everyone had a great time. My daughters kids are 8 and 12. It was hot and the park was about half full. A bad Florida storm went thru about 3:30 and a lot of people left. After that it was great. NO LINES. We had to drag the kids out of the park at closing. I'm 70 and I had a great time. I love Legos and was amazed at what all they have built with them.
Went today 10/21/11 after one week of it being open....IMPORTANT:  LEGOLAND is for the young, NOT the young at heart.  If you do not have a kid 3-12 to take with you, please don't disappoint yourself.  Just stay home. If you have a grandkid or kids or nephew or niece...go now!!! This is just basics:  I think the whole thing can be done in two to three days due to some long lines and yet most can be done over and over for years if you have a 3-12 year old with you and they will NEVER get bored. The water park and hotel will be done in the next 2 years which will make it even better. We stayed at the Hampton Inn and Suites just 10 minutes away and I recommend it too! The Park is divided into multiple sections, here are mere highlights cuz it is after 11 pm and I am exhausted.... *LEGO Kingdoms: both boys dressed in full gear from the gift shop and played jousting with the employees for close to 20 minutes. Then we put everything back and moved on to another area.  We did not do the Dragon coaster becasue the 3 year old wasnt old enough but we did do the Forest play area and both boys loved it.   Also noticed a princess dress up shop/area.  We have 2 boys so did nto bother but I'm sure from the smiles I saw it is a great for the girls. * Land of Adventure....   Wanted to ride the Safari Trek but line was super long so we decided to wait til next month when we go again.  Instead we did the Beetle Bounce.  Warning: only one adult allowed per ride of 7 on the ride.  Why?  Because the whole park is built for 3-12 year olds.  Cute ride good for little ones, you bounce up and down and it is like a test ride for when they are bigger and you take them to Universal Studios. * MINILAND!  This is where you'll find all the landmarks rebuilt LEGO style.  You can stay here hours looking at all the little details they built.  Really cool stuff, be sure to have your camera.   *  LEGO CITY First, 3 yr old did Ford Jr school then 8 yr old did FORD Driving School.  Waited for a while in a line for picture to be taken (later used for drivers liscence on a lanyard you buy after the ride) then were let into another gray room to watch a short video on driving basics.   They took the kids out one door, and the parents were told to go through another door.  Basically, all the parents go outside and watch as your child picks a car and then DRIVEs IT!!   Super cute, and I personally believe all adults should have the same driving school.  Emphasis on "prepare to stop" at yellow is something all people need to learn.  Note: all kids get a paper liscence for free but you can upgrade it for a "real" license on a lanyard with the picture mentioned earlier for $14.99. Rescue Academy.  Friendly warning, this is a WORKOUT for parents!  Cute concept, you have to "pump" your fire truck to get it to move to the end of the track, then get out and "pump" the water so it will shoot out at your target.  Once your target is hit, then you jump back into the truck and pump it back to the start position.   *IMAGINATION ZONE:  Build and Test zone.  Fun but a little chaotic...  as you enter the building you check out 4 wheels, then go and build a car.  They have multiple ramps of various shapes and sizes so you can test of how well your car will perform.   *LEGO TECHNIC:  We did a helicopter type ride with 3 and 8 year old.  Reminds me of the tea cups at Disney. * Lunch at the Market Restaurant.  Good food; Cafe style, 5 stations to order from, Chinese, rotisserie chicken, kids  menu items, soup/salad and dessert.   They have a less expensive italian buffet in another part of park but this was way faster from what we saw.   *Cypress Gardens: only part truly for adults. and way worth a stroll thru. even the kids liked running thru the pathways and seeing the baby alligator by the lake.  it took me back to my youth when the whole area was the cypress gardens park (oldest park in FL, opened in the 60s i think) *Pirate SKI SHOW, totally awesome, but if you are over 12 you will think it is lame so please remember it is for the young not young at heart. * Granny's Apple Fries, only available at "Granny's Apple Fries" building.  Granny apples cut into French fries, then fried and dusted with cinnamon sugar.  Served with vanilla cream dipping sauce.  They were super yummy. The only thing we did not bother with is the carnival games.  If I want to waste a bunch of cash, I will do it at a street fair near our home where hopefully most of the money goes to charity.  Expensive and yes everyone is a winner but who wants to drag that stuff around.  The staff wasn't too pushy and were respectful when we said no. I know I am forgetting a lot.  We were there from 930 AM til 6 pm so much more to say but...we upgraded to annual passes upon exit and end of day and it was a great deal!!!! and we look forward to returning until the boys are both passed 12 years old.
Kids love it here. This specifically is about the water park, which opened end of May. It costs only $12 as of now in addition to ticket price to "add on" the water park. It is on a smaller and less grandiose scale than the Disney Parks, which makes it ideally suited to kids 2-12, like the park itself. The 2 larger water slides are only for bigger kids and adults, and they are rigorous about keeping those under 48 inches tall off. Despite the fact that it is clean, well designed, fun and friendly, there are a couple of standout facts: 1. I'm not sure you could fully experience the park and the water park in the same day. 2. You are not supposed to wear swim clothes in the regular park, and you must wear swim clothes in the water park. The changing facilities are inadequate on a crowded day. 3. There are a few lockers to store your valuables, but not nearly enough. Otherwise, you leave your stuff on a beach or poolside chair & hope for the best. Not well thought out when considering the amount of $$ you must bring to a park like this. With the large number of people milling about (at least on a weekend day), this is a recipe for disaster unless someone stays with your stuff while the rest of you play. 4. There are food places by the entrance, but the snack stands near the main attractions take cash only. It is a pain to keep pocketfuls of wet cash in a bathing suit. And, you are not allowed to bring in a cooler with any of your own drinks. 5. They recommend (and of course SELL) water shoes for use in the water park. However, on 3 separate attractions, they made use remove our water shoes. Annoying enough for an adult. Triple annoying when you're looking after kids.
I have been to many theme parks in CA and FL, including all the parks in Central Florida.  But, I have not been to Legoland in CA or to Cypress Gardens, so I can't compare to an original Legoland and what this park used to be.  We visited as two adults, but we have a 1 year old we left at home with the grandparents to try Legoland out for ourselves. Firstly, all the advertisement in the area says Legoland is 45 minutes from both Orlando and Tampa.  I believe the Orlando statement, as Orlando is about an hour from our house and Legoland is an hour and 45 minutes.  However, we happen to be in Tampa prior to our day in Legoland, and we didn't encounter any traffic and it took us a little over an hour to get there.  We would have planned to leave earlier had we known. We still got there in time to park ($12) and get to the gate before it opened.  If you arrive at park opening, DO NOT get the preferred parking.  There is no way we were going to pay $20 for that, either way.  But, when we parked we were only a few rows away from the so-called 'preferred' area. At park opening, it took nearly 10 minutes for us to get to the front of the gate.  The line was incredibly slow to move and it seemed like halfway through the line they finally opened more lines to let people in.  Why they don't have all lanes open when there is a LARGE crowd at opening... who knows.  Maybe they are still learning in their first years of being opened.  This is not that big of a deal, but it was HOT! This particular day wasn't busy, it was a Sunday in mid-September.  I purposely picked this time of year because I knew it wouldn't be as busy.   I didn't want to deal with lines, and we certainly didn't.  We were able to walk on to just about everything we rode.  All the rides seem VERY kid oriented with the exception of very few.  Some of hte rides were obviously repurposed for their park from the old Cypress Gardens (rough rickety rides).  The 3D movie we watched was pretty aweful.  No dialog?  Just a lot of hmms, hahs, and chuckles from Lego people.  The waterski pirate show was mildly entertaining. The real showcase of the park is Miniland.  The detail they give for all the cities depicted is amazing! The price for admission is a little rediculous.  I understand that Disney (and therefore everyone else in the area) charges the same amount... but the park is only open until 5 pm!  We didn't have a problem doing everything WE wanted (as just 2 adults) but if you go on a busy day it might be harder to squeeze everything in if you have kids.  At least Disney and others are open much later into the evening, so you can get more done in one day.  We got discounted tickets through an employer, so we don't feel like we paid too much, this time. We didn't try the food, we ate a good sized breakfast before going to the park and left early enough that we figured we could eat a bigger/earlier dinner at home.  Besides theme park food usually isn't great and is overpriced. The shops were a lego lovers dream come true.  Every set imaginable at your fingertips!  If I had come here as a child, it would have been dangerous!  I felt like a kid again walking around the store seeing what's available to buy today. In general, this park would be good for kids at least 3.5 feet tall.  They should be able to ride just about everything, with an adult.  Having experienced the parks as adults, it was a little juvenile for our liking (and probably for most teenagers) and we probably won't make the long trip back out here unless we get another killer deal on admission!  We will also wait until our daughter is old enough to appreciate the kinds of rides we saw here. If admission weren't so crazy high, I would give this park 3 stars.
We are really mixed on this park.  I don't think you'll be impressed unless you stay right at the entrance.  I would not pay full price for this park and if I did... I'd be @#$@#. I don't think the owners know that you need to match or exceed the experience of Disney.  Owners - you have left a lot to be desired. Ok, there are a few place that look cool.  Mini town was really cool and both of my sons enjoyed looking at it (7 & 8 years old). Food - get you some food from Publix that is right in front of the park.  You won't regret it.   Rides - Again some were good.  If you wait more than 20 minutes for a ride then its not likely worth the wait.  The rides are very short and you really want to go around 3x for the time you had to wait.  I'm not joking. Hours - Really 10am to 5pm... those are the worst hours I've ever seen from a park. On the other hand, I've heard the fireworks (selective when they will do them) are amazing and nothing like what you've ever seen.  You actually get to wear 3D glasses and the "pop" into legos. This would have been nice to have seen. As for the "lego" experience, I think there should have been more built of the legos. How about the trees?  How about the rides..?  I was disappointed and want to see more legos around the park. My two last complaints - the owners need to get the ground keeping up to par... its a bit sad that the flowerbeds didn't even have mulch.  Ya, while waiting in line for 20 minutes its rather easy to spot.  A few of the employees need a little more spunk.... its the positive attitude and the smiles that make a difference.  The employees seem a bit lost at times with what is going on.   I'll likely try it one more time when forced ... hopefully things will be better.
Legoland Florida is cool.  Simply put.  It's no Cedar Point or Disney Land, but for 150 acres there's a lot to see and do with more than 50 rides, shows and attractions.  The park hours are limited and they are closed some weekdays, but it was under a two hour drive from Tampa and Weez had the day off school. So, I took the day off work and we made a day of it. We stopped at Starbucks first, of course, for a mocha and a hot chocolate then hit the road. "So cool!" That's really all we could say when we walked into Miniland USA.  You almost wish you were an inch tall so you could get the full effect. OR, maybe pretend you could be King Kong...just for a minute or two! The cost of admission was a little high at $128 for me and my daughter even with an online purchase discount. Food prices were reasonable; what you would expect at a theme park. There is plenty of junk food, but also some decent venues for a burger and fries.  It is most definitely geared towards kids and families and people really into LEGO®.  I don't recommend this for a first date unless you AND your date are REALLY into LEGO®. Weez, not being very much into LEGO® wanted to hit the rides first.  Heck yeah!  There are 4 roller coasters and no, they aren't anywhere near Magnum or Mean Streak heights and speeds, but I was pretty green by the end of the day regardless.  "Coastersaurus" was our favorite coaster. It's like the Blue Streak and Gemini had a baby.  Three of the 4 coasters are one train and all of the coasters are quick rides so things do move kind of fast; lines were short given that it was a Monday so I'm sure if there's a crowd wait times are much longer than what we were experiencing. There is one coaster that's exactly like the Wildcat at Cedar Point and I'll never ride that one again.  Ugh.  It pushed the Gaviscon limit for sure.  I can't handle spinny rides or ones with constant turns; I get sick riding in the backseat of cars. While I got my sea legs back, Weez jumped on a few of the kid rides.  I do have to say, she was very disappointed all the coasters required me to ride with her. She's 48 inches tall and DYING to ride the big kid rides by herself, but rules are, anyone between the height of 40" and 52" must ride with an adult.  Oy vey...I should have brought the Tums. The last coaster we road was The Dragon. This coaster is based on a medieval themed area of the park called LEGO® Kingdoms.  All the areas of LEGOLAND are based on their themed lines of LEGO® and everything looks like it made out of LEGO®.  The Dragon is an indoor/outdoor steel roller coaster that features a hilarious, behind-the-scenes view of life within the enchanted LEGOLAND Castle. You should have seen me taking one for the team on The Dragon... Weez was so happy.  "Just tell me when it's over," I kept saying. There is a FANTASTIC section called Imagination Zone. This area emphasizes exploring and creation, while showcasing seven of the most visually exciting LEGO® models in the world, including a replica of Albert Einstein's head. Yes, there's a picture of Weez picking his nose... Come on, she's 8 and I'm her mom. Imagination Zone is perfect for school outings and given that it was a Monday and only Pasco County schools were closed for the day, this area was closed to us for school group sessions.  But, it did open around 4:30pm and Weez was able to design her own LEGO® car in the Build and Test zone.  She was annoyed that another kid's car turned and stopped hers from crossing the finish line in one run, but when I explained, "Honey, his veered. Yours went straight. Yours was engineered properly," she was proud of her little car. There is a section in Imagination Zone that is all about robotics called LEGO MINDSTORMS; build and program cutting-edge, computerized LEGO MINDSTORMS™ robots. Weez and I were at "that" point in the day though. Parents, you understand "that" point, right? Hot, tired, hungry for something not fried, broke, yeah "that" point.  The next robotics class was scheduled for 5:00 and would have been 45 minutes long; emphasis on long.  We "decided" that would be perfect for another day and we'd do that first thing next time. The park was closing at 6:00 anyway and I wanted to get a head start of rush hour traffic back to the Tampa area and beat the crowd leaving LEGOLAND. All in all, LEGOLAND is a great park and perfect for a family outing. You will drop a bit of cash getting in and while you're there, but that's part and parcel to the whole theme park family outing anymore.  Definitely, explore the website before you go and plan your day to make sure the park is open and to confirm hours.  Given LEGOLAND's small size compared to Disney Land or even Busch Gardens, it was nice to be able to see most of the park and spend time talking about the LEGO® creations.  Hearing Weez say, "Mommy, look! That's so cool! How'd they do that?" was awesome; this park sparks kids' imaginations for sure.
Everyone needs to remember that this park is for kids... & the kid in you. Lego statues all over the place were amazing. Tables scattered around the park in restaurants and rides that have legos for kids to play with. MINILAND. Yes, the rides aren't too thrilling for adults, but the target audience of under 12 would love them. BUT the one attraction that is GREAT for both kids & parents is the Rescue Adventures. You & your team pump your firetruck to the burning building. Pump & aim the water to put out the fire. Pump your truck back to the starting point. What makes it so exciting? It's a race against 3 other teams. & who doesn't just love a little competition?! My little boy cousins (7 &4 yrs old) loved their day so much that their parents bought annual passes. Kids have fun with anything they can find. Maybe we adults should remember what it's like to be a kid using simple building blocks like legos and let our creativity fly.
I was freaking out thinking I wouldn't have enough time to see all of the attractions after reading all the reviews BUT, I left the park at 2 pm! The park is great for children. Really cute rides and age appropriate up until 12 yrs old. Adults not so much. Disney has beautifully pulled off entertaining both adults and kids. Lego not so much. Their pirate show for example, lacks enthusiasm. Lego city is definitely cool. Other than that, never really going back. Left the park at 2pm and drove to downtown Disney instead :)
This place is awesome if your kids having a good time is the reason you come. Everything is designed for kids, and I had trouble getting on some of the rides with my daughter because I'm tall. My two year old is abnormally tall (40") and she was able to ride everything in the park except the flight school roller coaster, and she had way more fun here than at Disney. One of the reviews said they had to pay for their child under three, and that wasn't the case. My daughter was two weeks away from turning three, and she got in for free. The lines were incredibly short. We went in late June, and the longest we waited for any ride was 10 minutes. At Disney we were waiting over an hour for every ride, so it was a nice change. I would definitely recommend this place if you have 3-10 year old children. It was definitely the most fun we had in Orlando.
Just celebrated my 5 year old's birthday at Legoland Florida. Fabulous! We were there for 2 days. Be prepared to spend a small fortune! The kids were CRAZY about Miniland, asking to return over and over to see the architecture, but more importantly the life size Darth Vader and Darth Maul figures. The second favorite was the search for the most awesome mini-figure to swap. The majority of employees wear at least one mini-figure on their name tags. My 7 year old son was hawk eyeing every employee, if they noticed him (most did) they would stop whatever they were doing and let him look at the mini-fig at which point he could offer a trade. That said, there is also an employee walking around the park in a vest covered, front & back with mini-figures. So pack a few to trade (can be any combination, just needs to be a complete figure with head, body, arms and legs, accessories are a bonus) and come home with some new ones! We spent the first day on rides and exploring the park, day 2 was spent at the waterpark. Unfortunately, it rains a lot in Florida and if there is thunder/lightening within 10 miles, most of the waterpark and some of the rides close down. This happened several times during our day at the waterpark. Major bummer since it cost $120 for a family of 4. Of course you do have the option to explore other parts of the park while the waterpark is closed. If you are planning to spend a day at the waterpark, go early! We had most of the place to ourselves until about 11:30. There were no lines for the water slides or the joker soaker. If you don't want to get wet, avoid the Chima area! Even spectators get wet on this ride. Legoland Florida was SO much better than Legoland Chicago!
I think it's ridiculous that I was told to leave my bag in the "Legoland is Not Responsible for Lost or Stolen Items" area while I rode the Dragon coaster (not a crazy fast loop to loop kind). The operators were rude & demanding. I stash my bag under my legs even at Disney parks.
If you are expecting Disney then you will be very disappointed. If you are expecting a place for younger (under 12) kids that love Legos to have fun then you will not be disappointed. I did find that the lack of shade to be a bit of an issue, it was hot enough that they should have proper shading in areas. We did not have to wait long on any of the rides which was a blessing because of the shade issue. The water park was a nice break when we were too hot from the park we just went to the water park and cooled off. We also found the lack of food options disappointing, a fresh sandwich or salad doesn't come in a plastic container and the pasta/pizza buffet was IMHO WAY overpriced.
I am a die-hard AFOL (Adult Fan of Lego) and will try to make this review short and concise. Pros: Miniland Sensory overload as you enter the park, even as an adult Better interactive rides and waiting areas for children 6-12 than Disney Nice tip of the hat to its Cypress Gardens roots Cons: $12 parking $75 for an adult ticket A lot of rides are kids only Limited park-exclusive merchandise Had to mail order the free brick from the factory tour Pepsi only. (I consider any day that I'm confined to Pepsi products "roughing it.") Worst waterski show ever No VIP points in the stores for Lego VIP Members It's conveniently located near nothing I hope Legoland Florida succeeds, The things it does well, it does really, really well. Unfortunately, those things are targeted at the 6-12s instead of to families as a whole IMHO. Disney has set a high bar for family entertainment, and parks that approach its prices are judged by its standard in Orlando. That's just the way it is.
Over priced for what u get.  Staff is poorly trained- if trained at all.  They add nothing to the experience.  Kids may enjoy it, but adults probably not. A number of the sites, the lego factory, were closed.  The monster trucks did not work.  The park overall could use some maintenance.  Wake up Management!!!
If i were still 5 years old, LEGOLAND would be the greatest place on Earth.  I love the theme. I love Lego's! I mean who doesn't?!  I just wish they would give at least 2% of effort to make it fun for adults. If I had kids i'd probably give this place closer to 5 stars. Since I don't, I give them a 2. I almost gave them a 1, but I just can't be that cruel to a childhood friend that helped me become the lego building phenom I have become today(not really).   My only advise. Don't go if you don't have children. Just don't.
We had a blast! My husband and I took our 8 year old son for his birthday. Let's break this down to catagories. 1. Parent concerns:  It was clean, all the restrooms were immaculate and plentiful. Lots of benches in the shade to sit. There are ATMs scattered throughout the park (listed on the map they give you as you enter the park) but I did hear some people complain they couldn't find them. There were standard food options in all the main buildings. Plenty of opportunities to buy stuff, and if you like they will hold your purchases for you at the front gate until you are ready to leave. I did not have my backpack searched so I suppose you could bring in snacks if you like. 2. Kid concerns: I have heard gripes that it's boring and there isn't enough to do. This is not categorically true. Teenagers might be bored, but my son loved it. There weren't as many rides as some of the bigger parks, but between the shows and the wait times in line we still didn't get to do everything. My son loved mini-land, the details that the master builders put in were amazing. Lot's of ooohing and aahing. There is a Duplo land (baby legos) for small ones, and a mini-driving school for them too. I think every kid should do the driving school and the Rescue Academy, those were our favorites. 3. Customer service: AMAZING. Every employee was friendly, warm, and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. They have their own "trading program" where your child can trade one of their mini-figures ($2.99 in the gift shops if I remember correctly) with any staff's figure. The staff wear name tags and many of them have little lego people (mini-figures) attached. I saw one employee give his to a small child that was crying because they lost theirs. Really great people that seem to love to work there. TIPS 1. Arrive early. If you can walk  save the $ and only pay the $12 to park. Its not that far of a walk. 2. Bring cash. Many of the smaller food carts do not take plastic. 3. Wear comfy shoes, you WILL be walking a lot. 4. Make sure to bring at least the $15 for the driving license at the Ford Driving School. It's a great little keepsake. 5. Get the Granny's Fried Apples. They were pretty darn good and I've not ever had anything like that. 6. If you don't plan on spending a lot at the gift shop, have your child bring a mini-figure from home so they can trade with the staff. It's a fun game. 7. wear sunscreen. 8. Go with an open mind and heart. Ride the rides with your kids. It will be very hard not to enjoy yourself. Make sure to see a 4D movie, it's a great experience.
We went here in January 2012. It was a great time for all my kids especially the 6 year old boy (also had 10 and 12 year old girls). If they are over 12 hopefully they are babysitting younger kids. Not for older kids. We went a few days AFTER school started again. The week before we went, Legoland and Disney both closed to new people in the middle of the day! When we went, we never waited longer than 20 minutes and usually much less for the best rides. If it's something you do once, take them out of school...it won't kill them...might actually do them some good. (We home schooled, so the issue was mute.) The people were all great, except the "Car drivers training" people which was beyond horrible times 10!!  We made a point to complain (without our kids there) to the office before leaving. Someone needed to know. I presume that's much better now. I very much preferred this over the vastly over rated Disney experience.
I loved Legoland and so did my 5 year old son. But a warning: older kids would probably be bored to tears. There are great starter roller coasters for kids who haven't been on them them before. My son could get on three of the four roller coasters (height requirements). The rest of Legoland was smaller, entertaining rides (mini-roller coaster, jousting horses, etc..). There's a City in the Sky ride for you ferris wheel-type people. The mini city part was amazing: the nation's (and Florida's) top cities, all built with Legos. You'll be in awe. We had a great time and I loved that the main restaurant in the park serves only healthy choices for kids, including whole wheat bread! The Legoland waterpark was great too: a huge play area with pretty big slides for 42"+, lots of water activities with small slides for tots, a Lego lazy river in which you can build Lego sets on your tube (& grab Lego floating in the river), a gentle wave pool for all ages and some hardcore slides for big kids and adults (48''+). There are 2 things on here that other reviewers said that I disagree with: 1. You're surprised about the heat? It's Florida...YES, it will be HOT. Especially if you go from May to well...pretty much May (some months are hotter than others). 2. The staff: they were the friendliest I've ever seen at a theme park and I came across a lot of them at different points. Great park for parents and their young kids!
I have mixed emotions about this park. The family and I have been hitting up all the Orlando/Tampa theme parks the past week and this visit, by far, was the worst - and I'll tell you why. We came on a Saturday around 2pm. The line to get into the parking area was longer than anticipated. It happens, it's an Orlando theme park. There were 6 possible pay lanes and only one was open. To top that off, it was moving extremely slow. There was about 15 cars ahead of us and it took us close to 30 minutes to get up to the lane. The employee was not remotely moving with a sense of urgency. That's a nice way of saying she was taking her sweet ass time. We smilingly asked her if this was the norm, of having only one lane open on a Saturday and making her work too hard (we were on her side).. She gave us a mean look and snarly says, "yup." Doubtful...if so, fix it and at the very least, kindly express an apology for the long delay just to get into the parking lot. We weren't rude when we asked and even if we were, be polite. We paid an extra $8 ($20 total) for preferred parking and that was a waste. If the park is packed, the preferred parking is worth it. But, if it's slow (as it was) we only gained about 10 car lengths closer to the park. Lesson learned. The admission price is about the same as Universal or a discounted Disney ticket. To quickly sum up the rest of my visit: - I was allowed to bring in my food and water that was packed away in 2 backpacks. They didn't search us at all and I even saw some people dragging coolers around. That doesn't happen in any Florida theme park. It's great for the pocket book, but, maybe not so great with security concerns. - The food and merchandise is priced fairly. What you'd pay for a lego set in Walmart is exactly what you'd pay in Legoland. The food wasn't overpriced either. Very happy about that. - plenty of rides, shows, and play areas. Everyone was entertained. There's even a separate water park for an additional $12 (well-worth it). It's a very well-balanced theme park. - It was unforgivably hot. Other parks like Universal and Busch Gardens have a plethora fans and water mist machines spread throughout the park. At Legoland...nothing.  Here's the worst part: we were chatting with a managerial type figure and talked about how it was cool (pun intended) it was that other parks had those fans and so forth AND it wouldn't be such a bad idea to possibly add those extras. Everyone was scorching hot and huddling up in shops and bathrooms to cool down their kids. This idiot proceeded to tell us to give them a break, they have only been open a year and I quote, "most people don't bring their kids outside during the month of July." Seriously? Instead of pretending to entertain a suggestion, you proceed to imply it was our fault for bringing our kids to their park in the month of July? After that, we encountered 2 other park employees who were rude towards every patron around us, to include us. The rest of the park employees were great. So, these bad experiences won't deter us from possibly returning, but, with so many other options of theme parks in the Orlando area, this young park might want to learn the importance of park-wide optimism and exude the fact that they might actually enjoy their jobs. It's a family theme park. It's suppose to be smiles all around; even if the patron isn't smiling.
Went to this location, after it had been open for about 2 months. You can get through this park pretty quickly, as there isn't much to do. I can see younger kids liking this spot somewhat, but kids that are 10 or older will probally be bored. My kids love playing with Legos but this park has rides focused on kids way under 10. Adults will be pretty bored might be 3 rides for Adults. We like to visit Lego land in lake buena vista more then this. We have been to Lego land in San Diego and we enjoyed that much more. It's almost like they didn't put enough effort into this park. When you go to a Disney park they have plenty of attractions and rides to keep you busy for your money, from day one. As far as the signs that say they are 45 minutes from Orlando, sure if you live on the edge of the city that could be possible. But I think more like 1 hour 15 minutes from most of central Florida.
First the positives.  My 5 and 7 year old both had a good time at the park.  Parking was $12 ($15 at Disneyland) and we were able to park near the entrance.  The park officially opened at 10AM, but we got in about 15 minutes early.  I suspect the early birds may have gotten in closer to 9AM so it might be worth showing up early in case this is the norm.  We went on the Wed. before Thanksgiving and I would say the park attendance was about what I expected - "comfortably crowded". Ticket prices are normally $75/$65 adult/child.  For comparison, Magic Kingdom prices are $90/$84.  We were able to take advantage of a Pepsi Legoland promotion where you pay for an adult ticket and get a child ticket for free.  I found this promotion online.  McDonald's happened to be running a similar promotion while we were down there. The grounds are nicely landscaped w/ lots of large trees to provide shade and nice flowers and plants. Miniland is pretty cool - lots of very impressive cityscapes made entirely of legos.   We ended up spending a full day at the park leaving at 6PM when the park closed. Now some negatives. 1. The flying school roller coaster has headrests on the left and right of your head.  They are supposed to keep your head from getting whipped around during the coaster ride, but they do so at the expense of comfort.  This was our 2nd ride of the day and there were no lines yet so we rode it twice.  But I would not have ridden it a 2nd time as it was almost painful to ride. 2. The Ford driving school could be really neat.  The little cars and the roadway are very cool.  But the waiting room is a mostly enclosed room with no windows and no TV monitors.  After the waiting room is another room w/ bench seating and a single TV monitor where the kids are provided video driving instruction.  After this, the kids exit to the cars and parents exit to spectate trackside.  What needs to be improved is that the video driving instruction time is significantly longer than the amount of time the kids get to drive.  Either lengthen the driving time, shorten the instruction time, or have a staging area between instruction and driving to be maximize the time the cars are in use.  $15 driver's licenses w/ your child's picture are optionally available, but not worth it in my opinion. 3. The wait time estimates posted at the beginning of each line are highly inaccurate.  While the longest we waited in line was about 30 minutes, the wait time estimates were consistently 5 or 15 minutes which was about 1/2 the actual wait time we experienced. 4. No "fast pass" system similar to Disneyland parks.  I think the Disney "fast pass" system is really great and an efficient method to not have to stand in lines all day.  Legoland should implement a similar fast pass system. 5. Lastly, here's my biggest complaint - Legoland's "Premium Play Pass".  These premium passes allow the pass holder to totally bypass the line by going directly to the front of the line jumping ahead of everyone else that have been patiently (?) waiting in line.  Unlike the much fairer Disney fast pass system which everyone can take advantage of, the Legoland Premium Play Pass is only available to those willing to pay double the normal ticket price.  So if you're part of the "1%", you're in luck - just be prepared for the scorn and dirty looks that you'll receive from the 99% non-premium play pass holders.  Basically your kid is taught:  "be patient and wait in line just like everyone else - except for those that pay more money and get to cut to the front of the line." 1/2 point reduction for full-price ticket costs and $15 driving school driver's license, 1/2 point reduction for inaccurate wait times and non-efficient processes (no fast pass, poor driving school wait process, inaccurate wait times), and 1 point reduction for the lame "Premium Play Pass" results in a score of 3 stars.
I would have given Legoland Florida 3.5 stars if I could.  The price is high for what you get.  I wish that we would have brought our own lunch too.  I saw many people with coolers, and lunch bags.  They don't check your bags at all and they apparently let you bring in coolers.  My boys enjoyed the park but we were really able to see everything we wanted in 5 hour period.  I wouldn't go back.  Seen that, done that and I'm not going back.  They should seriously consider dropping the adult price.  Parent's. and grandparents can't go on so many of the attractions.
We went to Legoland 3 days this week with the annual passes that we purchased.  We had a 7 yr old, 5 yr old & 1 yr old with us who all had an amazing time.  The park is decorated really nice.  It's nice to see different life-size Lego figures throughout the park.   The park is really for people traveling with kids.  If your child isn't at least 36 inches tall, then they won't be allowed to ride most of the rides.  The roller coasters at this park are a great way to introduce your child into riding these types of rides.  They are not as scary as they are at other theme parks.  My 5 yr old rode almost all the roller coasters. They are tall roller coasters, so they can be a bit intimidating at first.   Mini Town was amazing!!! The different cities look so real, it's hard to believe that it is 100% made out of legos. We found the price for food to be more reasonable than at Disney, and the quality was pretty good as well. Favorite rides: Wave runners at Technic area Flying School
After the 45 minute drive from the Orlando International Airport area, we arrived at Legoland.  Annoyed by how far away it is, I was quite excited to see, that at noon, the parking lot was only half full (because that meant lines would be short).  The trip to Legoland was because I needed something to keep my two year old entertained and Legoland served the purpose perfectly!  There were many rides that he was able to go on (36" minimum to ride with adult), with the exception of a few roller coasters (42" minimum for those).  There were also indoor play areas and splash pads.  The park is geared towards ages 2-12.  There is also a water park area that we didn't explore, but I did see a lazy river with tubes and lifeguards.  There are a few shows but I can't comment on those as we didn't catch any.  It was nice to spend the day in a park that wasn't super crowded, and not having to wait more than five minutes for any given ride.  All in all this is a great place for the ages I mentioned but not worth the price.  Go when you can catch a deal; currently I saw they have year passes starting at $99.  Children 2 and under, and teachers, are free.
My expectations weren't high going in, but I have to say that in the end, my expectations were exceeded and we ended up really liking this park. It's about an hour from Disney, so certainly doable if you are in Orlando on vacation. As you can imagine, nearly everything is made of legos and they have some really cool exhibits completely built out of Lego's, like Las Vegas, NYC, NASA, Star Wars, etc and some of the exhibits were interactive. Kids could push a button and the exhibit would come to life either with movement, sounds, water blasting out, etc. We went mid-week towards the end of August so the park was pretty empty, which was nice. Parking was $14, which is kind of ridiculous in my opinion. The park itself was much more sprawled out than I thought it would be and it was quite a bit of walking, especially for my younger two year old. We ended up carrying him much of the time, which was not fun in the hot, humid weather. Trying to find shade in this park is a bit tough as well. The park is split between the typical amusement park, and at the back of the park is the water park. We headed to the water park first, which does cost additional money. You can buy an upgrade right at the entrance of the water park if you decide later you want to go in, but I'm guessing at that point, you might not have proper attire! Lockers are available, and you have three sizes (small - $5, medium - $7, and jumbo - $12). The cost gives you unlimited access to your locker all day long. You assign a PIN code and that is what unlocks your locker, so you don't have to carry a key around your wrist all day. The machines to rent the lockers take cash or credit cards. We got the large, which could easily fit 3 average sized backpacks. The changing rooms were actually pretty clean, and there is also a family changing room available as well. As for the water park itself, there is an area for younger ones to play complete with some small and slow slides. There is also a wave pool, where they dump a bunch of legos in and kids can catch the legos and build whatever they would like. The lazy river allows you to build your own raft. Basically the inner tubes (single or double) have a place where you can attach legos to it. Again, legos can be found floating throughout the river, so kids enjoy collecting them and attaching them to their rafts. There is also a bigger play area complete with water falls and a number of slides, and finally there are a few high-speed body slides for older children. If you get hungry or thirsty, a snack bar can be found inside the water park area. All in all, my boys had a great time in here and wanted to spend the better portion of the day here. I do wish they had rules though indicating that certain people should't be wearing speedos or a two-piece bikini! I'm still trying to get a few images out of my head!!  :-) The amusement park portion of the park has a number of rides along with a few small roller coasters. In general, I would say the rides are really geared for younger kids, but 10-12 year olds will find some fun rides as well. The driving school for older kids was really neat. They have what basically looks like a small town complete with roads, stop signs, traffic lights, etc. Kids learn the rules of the road and then get to spend five minutes driving around town. At the end of the ride, they get their own drivers license! Of course, if you want it to look more like an actual drivers license, complete with photo, you'll have to pony up some money for that. There was also a couple of playground areas that again younger kids will likely enjoy playing on. At the front of the park is of course some Lego stores where you can shell out some more money if you'd like. We did see one character appearance, a Lego guy, which my boys thought was cool. All in all, we had a good time and I'm glad we decided to give it a try.
Here are a few LEGOLAND Florida 'Fun Facts' to help everyone get excited about what to expect out of the more than 50 rides, shows and attractions! Island in the Sky is a 100-foot rotating platform ride that offers you a 360-degree view of the entire 150-acre park. The Dragon is an indoor/outdoor roller coaster that will take you back to a time of knights, princesses and incredible castles. LEGO City has been created just for kids who like to have fun.  Driving School lets kids drive LEGE-themed cars through city streets and earn their own driver's license. Do you like driving on the water instead of the streets?  Boating School lets kids (and parents) captain their own vessels and feel the freedom of the water. And for a short period of time Florida residents can get an annual pass for both parks (LEGOLAND theme park and water park) for only $150.00 !
Went here for two days. My kids were 5 and 8 when coming here and they loved it. I think the place they loved the most was the shop where they were able to build cars to race down an incline. We must have spent about 2 hrs just in there. Although the kids liked it, I think in about 3 more years, this park will seem broing to them. It was perfect for their current age, but they will quickly outgrow the rides and attractions. With that being said, the toller coasters and rides were very age appropriate. The kids also liked the area where you could build your own people. The water park was very crowded and one of the kid pools was closed when we were there.Again, it was a nice break from walking around. One disappointment was Cypress Gardens. It was not what I had remembered as a kids and it looked a little run down. I always thought that it was bigger too. Overall, it was a good time and the kids had fun. However, I dont see us going back again.
Great place , great fun!  Love all the lego displays throughout the park and there are plenty of rides to go on.  What did catch me off guard was the amount of rides that my 3 year old was not tall enough to ride.  If you are over 12 the place may be too childish and if you aren't 4 you may not be tall enough for many rides.  The park was very clean and well maintained.  Definitely worth checking out!
Legoland = overpriced/under maintained! We came here with children aged 5-12 and none of them were very pleased ! Overall the park was clean but a lack of knowledgable and enthusiastic employees made for a long day! The lines were short but the wait times for some reason were very long! The signs say 5 minutes but it was more like 30! One of the rides broke down mid away through, trapping a few from our party for 20 minutes! When it's 90 degrees that is not fun!! The food is overpriced and a small selection made it difficult to please all and the lack of indoor seating made it difficult to get a break from the heat! At least the food we did get was tasty and had not been sitting around long. I guess if you came with children under 7 it would be a decent time but probable would not take all day to do all the park has to offer. There is a water park attached but but I felt the extra charge didn't seem worth it. Needless to say we will probably not come back to Legoland unless I lost a bet!
Came with a group from church. This place is perfect for the 4 to 12 age.  As an adult, I think I have been on 5 adult worthy rides. A lot of rides were height restricted for little once. So wear think soled shoes if you are under 36inches. The lego statues and displays are neat.  Will say there seems to be more visual displays than rides. They even had an area for the toddlers to run amuck. This place is the old Cyprus Gardens... It is obvious it is not fully open yet and there as work to still be done. It only opened a few months ago and there are already issues with the rides. There were several that had to be shut down... BUT as people left and I stayed and waited... you get in in due time once/if the ride is repaired (electrical issues by the sound of it) Currently eating at the market cafe, triple chewing every bit.  Chicken is dry. Veggies are not fully cooked. Potato wedges are over cooked and lifeless. Bread is stale and I had to soak it in the noodle-less chicken noodle soup. The good:  they still have the water show, it's lego people now instead of mermaids... Part of the old Gardens is still there. This area was stunning and I enjoyed it greatly. It was a nice quiet area, and kid vacant! It will be interesting to see how this place survives with the other more classic Florida tourist traps. Parking is about $20 and is not included in the ticket price. Glad I got a comp ticket. It is not worth the money for just an adult....
I really loved LEGOLAND!  I took my 8 year old who loves to play with Legos and he had an amazing time.  I don't know why some people say in their reviews that it wouldn't be good for older kids but I believe that no matter what age, if you enjoy Legos you are going to like this place.   It doesn't have the gigantic roller coaster rides that some teenagers enjoy but the craftsmanship and detail that was placed in getting this park together is unbelievable.  I cannot compare this to any other park that take millions of Lego pieces and makes 10 foot tall statutes out of Legos.  It's amazing! I really liked the part where there different whole cities represented, they even had little Havana!!!  It was super cute and so accurate.  Other cities were San Fran, NYC, Las Vegas, South Beach,  Daytona.... There's also a hotel nearby, right at the entrance of the place.  I went around late August and it wasn't that crowded.  But I'm sure with more popularity and vacation, December is going to be like going to Disney! One other thing I loved was that you could purchased single Lego pieces which I hadn't been able to find anywhere else!
The great thing about this park: they kept some of the gardens. The bad thing about this park: It had been open for only 3 months when I was there and Miniland had some MAJOR missing pieces.  (The "marching band" where some of the band members were missing one or both limbs?  Really?) Two friends and I went on a day-trip with the plan of checking out LegoLand for a couple of hours and then maybe doing something else in the Disney area.  We had no idea how much the tickets were going to be, nor how big the park was going to be!  (Of the two, the ticket price was the bigger shock.) We stopped at the Tijuana Flats right outside the park for food, as my friends are vegan and we didn't know what the park food would be like...or if they even HAD food. While lunching at TF, we were able to see a wooden coaster, which looked fun to us, as we aren't into the thrill rides at Disney/Universal. We hit Miniland first, which was interesting in spite of missing pieces/things not working.  The coasters were fun, and unlike previous reviewers, there were no big lines (longest wait was 15 minutes-maybe because we went on Friday the 13th?) nor were the rides closed at 3. I was surprised that there were rides where kids (and usually a parent) had to DO something: like the Kids Power Tower, where they had to pull themselves to the top of the "ride" using a rope.  (I'm sure it's got an assist, but still.) Other reviewers commented on the size of some of the seats for the rides, and they are correct.  They can be pretty small if you are a big person. We enjoyed seeing the banyan tree, especially my friend who had never been to Cypress Gardens. We didn't (have to) go to any of the shows.  (Thankfully!) But there is still that $75 price tag. I would have to say it's not worth it.
This review is from a local's perspective, so my opinion of value is a little different than someone who is looking to make a one-time vacation trip. I don't work for any of the theme parks (nor would I really want to, to be quite honest). Legoland has a lot of potential, but they're not taking advantage of it. My daughter had a great time and there are a lot of really cool things there, but... Hours + price + inefficiency of operations = don't think I'll be going back Hours: Legoland's hours are extremely short. Hours are similar to Disney's Animal Kingdom, but DAK has live animals to put to bed when the sun goes down. Perhaps the hours are such because Legoland is so far out in the middle of nowhere that they don't want tourists getting lost in the dark in the middle of swamp and orange groves. Price: Legoland's admission and parking fees are on par with the other Orlando area theme parks. That's fine - I'm ok with that. But don't get upset with me when I expect an experience that is on par with the other theme parks. I did not get this. The other theme parks in the Orlando area offer much better value when it comes to the overall experience (efficiency, buy one day come back the rest of the year, etc). Inefficiency of operations: This was really what caused me to give such a bad review. I honestly liked the park itself and the promise that it holds. It can be a really great park, but the management team needs to take lessons from Disney in how to provide an excellent customer experience. The rides for the lines were woefully slow. The park wasn't overly crowded, but every single ride took at least 30 minutes to get to due to the loading/unloading process and how many cars/horses/etc were traveling at a given time. I'm really not a huge Disney fan, but I have to say this is one area in which they excel and other theme parks need to take lessons. Similar experience with the food line. Lots of workers inside, lots of food already cooked and wrapped cozily under the food warmers, 3 lines and only 6 people ahead of me. It took 25 minutes to place my order. So due to the short hours of operation and the poor operational practices, the price of admission is really not worth it when compared to other theme parks. I'd honestly prefer to go to SeaWorld. My daughter enjoys that just as much, it saves 2 hours of drive time and I can pay once and go back anytime I want the rest of the year.
LegoLand: Florida's True Fountain of Youth This past weekend, my partner Rudy and I drove north 3 hours for the pre-grand-opening of LegoLand Florida, the Sunshine State's newest theme park. Built on the site of the sacred and historic Cypress Gardens (that featured the famous water-skiing pyramid of men and women), LegoLand is just 15 minutes from my mother's home in Winter Haven. She and all of her Polk County pals believe that LegoLand will usher in the financial salvation the region has been awaiting since the Florida Turnpike was built and Disney World moved in back in 1972, crushing Cypress Gardens as a Florida tourist Mecca. At 40 and child-free, I entered LegoLand with a level of skepticism and cynicism, compelled by my 67-year-old mother to share this new attraction with her. So four Floridians (my partner Rudy, my mom, and her partner Earle) enjoyed a sneak-peek preview of this colorful complex of creativity.  LegoLand Florida kept a smile on my face for over five hours, twice as long as I anticipated.  I give it a solid thumbs-up, especially for anyone with kids, or anyone who wants to feel like a kid again. LegoLand brings out the child in all of us, a playcenter centered around universally-known toys that bring a smile to most kids' faces. Watching kids eagerly run from attraction to attraction reminded me that Legos are timeless toys. LegoLand Florida's scale models of famous American cities and landmarks are filled with stunning detail, and the rides and roller coasters can bring out the youngster in even the crankiest curmudgeon. The original theme park's majestic gardens and historic giant trees have been preserved, helping to cultivate a balance between old and new. Watching young children look at awe in the giant banyan tree and colorful flowers was surprising and pleasing, as their attention shifted from Wii to Wow. The Lego race-car area transported me back to my childhood, as Rudy and I worked competitively for 15 minutes to build two Lego race cars. The competition began with a LegoLand "model citizen" providing us with four Lego rubber wheels, and showing us our "playspace" filled with large tubs of random Lego parts...and other people of all ages also working on their race cars. I found myself transported back to the creative playtime of my younger years. Time faded away, and I was simply focused on building a fantastically fast winning car. Rudy's car was compact and sleek. Mine was ugly and wide. We placed our cars on the top of the hill and pressed the button to "launch" them. Rudy's roadster zoomed out from the top of the hill. Mine gracefully rolled down, but picked up momentum, faster and faster, leaping over the finish line in record time...but breaking apart when it hit the floor. In my opinion LegoLand Florida is mainly geared for geeky guys between two and twelve, or anyone over 60.  LegoLand's location might not be as convenient as some of the other destinations in Central Florida, and the $65 adult price-tag plus a few other added costs (parking, food, photos, carnival games) might also be a bit steep for some to swallow.  But this theme park is undeniably fresh, engaging, and fun...especially when shared with a young person.  I believe that as word of LegoLand's splendor spreads, this fun theme park may ultimately become Florida's true Fountain of Youth.
Amazing!  Perfect park for my 7 and 4 year old.  Longest wait time in a line 15 mins.  Extremely clean facility, friendly staff and even healthy food options. Best 4d movie we have ever seen. The driving school and Chima World were the highlights of my kids day.
This was a great place to go with kids. Not as busy as Disney.  Loved the mini towns.
(First off: we got a Boy Scout camp pass for half price tickets, which was still expensive- hence four stars) My parents and husband and I went, despite the fact that none of us are kids and I don't actually really like kids. We had an AMAZING time. We only went on a couple of rides, but really enjoyed cypress gardens and mini land, as well as the shops. It was a wickedly quiet day (no school groups, not spring break, and cloudy) so we didn't wait in line for anything. It was literally the best theme park experience I've ever had- and I hate theme parks due to the overwhelming crowds. I wouldn't expect the experience again, but every employee was helpful and nice, and everyone there was having a great time. Even without kids, it was absolutely worth the trip. (My husband and I are slightly lego obsessed;)
Took my two sons (9 & 7) and their 10 year old cousin this past Monday and had a very good time.  The rides are really geared towards kids under 12.  My boys really enjoyed the flight school roller coaster, driving school and the water ride in the Technic part of the park. The safari ride was too short and while the lego animals were amazing, it was not worth the long line. The really neat part was the mini-city and seeing Washington DC, different Florida cities and Las Vegas.   Some pros: Can typically get a a bogo adult/kid ticket via Pepsi. AAA has discounts Can bring your own food and drinks Food is not outrageously priced Incorporation of Cypress Gardens with the gardens and water show Cons: $15 price for driver's license after driving school Limited hours - 10 - 5p Paying extra for parking up close ($8 premium) was not worth it on an emptier day Tips: Apparently if you pay $30 more per ticket you get a bracelet that lets you go to the front of the line for all rides.  They don't promote this but I wish I had known as it would have made it a lot easier. Overall a very good experience, but not one I am sure I would rush back to or make a special trip for.
Disney this place is not.  First and foremost, this place is for small children.  Your 10 and up kids will probably be bored to tears at this place so don't do that to them.   My first issue was the parking.  It took us literally 30-40 minutes just to pay for parking ($20) and park.  Mind you, the park is only open for 8 hours.  So I just lost an hour.  Thanks.   The line to purchase tickets was almost a mile long.  Thankfully, I had prepaid tickets and went straight to the entrance... where there was another line.  I know these things are expected at amusement parks.  I'm not oblivious to that fact but I was expecting a more streamlined experience.  Disney's busy all year round but their operation is so much smoother and professional.   Ok, ok Legoland is new but not that new.  They have a San Diego location if I'm not mistaken.  This isn't their first foray into the amusement park business.   Anyway, enough w/ the cons.  Here are the pros. The park is bright, colorful, very clean, and big.  You will not see everything in 8 hours.  You're immediately set up for failure there.  The rides scale from very kiddy to some coasters.  There are some shows but we didn't catch any.  The park's divided into different themed areas.  One's a medieval area, and "adventure" area like indiana jones and so on and so on.  My 4 year old son loved it.  And for that reason we'll return.  You never really appreciate something until you can compare it to something else.  I used to hate going to Disney but as I recall my last Disney visit, it was far more enjoyable than my time at LegoLand.  We got to see more, we got to do more, and we left when we wanted to rather than the place shutting down on us and being ushered out.  But, my son wants to go back so we will be back LegoLand.  Get your act together for our next visit, will ya?
The kids had a great time, let's start with that. I always imagined Legoland as a place where you walk around surrounded by German tourists taking pictures of architectural marvels -- the whole EuroLego thing.  Funny, but I went to the site in Denmark and it looks pretty much the same as the one in Florida, so much for expectations. Leogoland is a kiddie amusement park based on Lego themes.  It generally made the kids happy heading out to rides and also looking at the lego cities in the center of the park.  Rather than ramble about the park here is a list of observations and tips. 1.  The place is full of kid-size rides.  Because of lines you will not be able to do all of the rides and activities in a single day, so make sure everyone gets to see their first choice.  2.  You will spend a lot of time in lines, but they do keep moving.  The rides are all pretty short so they cycle a lot of people through them.  3.  Rides will have height restrictions for children and some require parental accompaniment.  If you have kids of various sizes (we do) then be prepared to split for some of the rides.  4.  If you are six foot two then you will have a tight squeeze into some of the rides, they are kid sized.  5.  When you get through the front gate grab your kids' hands and take 200 steps forward -- you need to get past the front area which is just shops and stuff to buy.   We didn't find a great selection of food on site and the friend chicken place is actually a panini deli, $45 to feed two adults and three children.  We had a fun day, but would probably check out other places before a return visit.  NOTE: google creatively, we bought tix online and found discount codes to get two of the kids in for free with our adult tickets (saving $130)!
Not bad for the price hope they can continue to improve and maintain
I really wanted to enjoy LEGOLAND for what it is.  Afterall, it is a pretty cool park.  But before LEGOLAND, the space was once called Cypress Gardens. Today, I was lucky enough to visit it for FREE during Family Comp Day before it opens October 15 to the general public.   Although I am very thankful for the chance and opportunity to see Legoland today, I have to mention that I was a bit annoyed that it was too reminiscent of the old Cypress Gardens.  Maybe the feeling will go away slowly with each future visits. I am super excited when the waterpark portion opens in May 2012. Perfect timing for summer break.  I WILL be purchasing the annual pass then.   Love Miniland USA.  Super cool!!!
Took my 9 yr old son to Legoland Florida this weekend for a birthday weekend getaway trip and it was a hit! Let me start off by saying that I did my research before going and was able to find a great deal for a 2 day pass to both Legoland Florida and the Legoland Waterpark so I would recommend checking discount sites before buying your tickets. I used BestofOrlando.com and it worked out great. The best thing about Legoland is the fact that there was literally no lines for the rides. Since we are locals and live in Orlando we frequently visit the many theme parks in Orlando and noticed that Legoland was more affordable, less stressful, and more kid oriented. My son had a blast! I think the highlight for him was the fact that he was able to trade his lil lego mini figures he brougt from home with the employees who have them on their name tags throughout the day. If you compare it to the bigger theme parks it is a bit smaller but it is packed with enough to do to keep you busy for 2 days especially if you get the waterpark pass as well. We had a fun filled weekend and my son said it was the best birthday present!
We visited on December 23rd, 2011 and had a great time! The park was beautifully decorated for Christmas and there was definitely a festive feeling in the air. The grounds are fantastic with lots of little details to marvel at. There were no long lines for rides to wait in and, overall, I think the LegoLand people have really hit the nail on the head for the age 3-10 crowd. We (two granparents, two parents, a 9 year old Lego enthusiast son, and a good-natured 6 year old little sister) were there for 8 hours and did did not quite get to everything. A HUGE PLUS and one of the main reasons we went to check it out was the "Buy One Adult Admission, Get A Child Admission Free" coupon we got from a FL McDonalds. If LegoLand wants to keep the first-time visitors flowing through their gates in the coming year, they would be VERY wise to continue making those offers availble. We would not have taken a chance on it without that offer. We would like to go back to enjoy the park again and hit the few items we missed! A shopping caveat: If your child has a certain amount of money he will be allowed to spend on Lego sets in the Mega store, it would be helpful to narrow down his choices ahead of time (at home) via the Lego website as this Mega store in the park has EVERY Lego set currently available and the selection process can take quite a while! If you have saved shopping till the end of your day so as not to have to lug the shopping bag around the park all day, allow plenty of time for your little Lego shopper to make his purchase before the park closes! Overall: If you have kids ages 3-10 and are visiting the Florida beaches or Walt Disney World/Busch Gardens, LegoLand is definitely worth an entire day of your time! But is it worth a dedicated trip cross-country for the express purpose of visiting just this park?... not so sure on that one. HIGHLIGHTS: Miniland - Visitors of all ages could seriously spend hours here marveling at and appreciating the landscapes made of Lego: Las Vegas, Washington DC, New York City, as well as Florida and California just to name a few. Really fantastic, and especially cool to see kids mesmerized by looking at something that is a result of artistry, engineering, and imagination rather than zombied-out in front of videogames or TV! Flying School - a nice ,smooth, feet-dangling coaster, perfect for a "first coaster" experience Driving School - a brief video on rules of the road, followed by a REAL driving experience in battery powered one-seat cars (not on a guided rail or track) through a miniature city complete with traffic signals and a roundabout! Nervous Nellies and Helicopter Parents will freak out when they usher parents out the back door to watch the kids drive from behind a railing, but the park employees handle the whole experience perfectly...no need to worry! Pirate Waterski Show - A must! Really cute and nice break from walking around the park. Go get your seat 20-30 minutes early. NEEDS WORK: Dining - There was a horrendous line out the door to eat lunch at the PIzza & Pasta buffet and absolutely not a speck of shade to be found anywhere! Once we were seated, it was very smooth and efficient and the food tasted great! 4D Movie - The movie itself was cute, but they need to take a cue here from Walt Disney World and have a park employee  near the screen at the front of the theater to make an announcement just before the film starts re: everyone moving to the center of the row to maximize the seating capacity, etc. It was kind of a free-for-all.
We went to Legoland after having spent $308.00 on the Internet for tickets for five people. It was the first week of August 2013 and that means thunder storms. Admittedly I have not been to a real theme park in many years but I was not prepared for the day I was I in store at all.  Things started at the gate where they would not let my five year d in without a shirt. She was not naked she was wearing a one piece bathing suit and flip flops. She looked great and we were mostly interested in the water park anyway. There was a spare shirt in the bag for me.  I wear a double XL shirt so my five year old daughter looked great in my ridiculously huge polo shirt. Interestingly they offered to walk me to the gift shop to buy my daughter a new shirt. I declined. No on wears a shirt in the water park anyway. We got into the park around noon and we went to the first major attraction chima. As soon as we got the front of the line they closed the ride due to a thunderstorm that never actually hit.  At that point I remembered the sign at the gate which said no rain checks in case of bad weather. It really never dawned on me and I guess it wouldn't have mattered because I had already paid for the tickets on line but there was no refund in the case of a rain out and because of the new more stringent policy when there is threat if lightning my family and I were not able to ride on even one ride. It was not a particularly rainy day but because of the warnings the park was closed most of the time we were there. We got to the head of the line four times and each time the park was closed just before we got ride. It was so annoying and of course my kids were all whiny and crazy from waiting in line and then not getting the rides. The park does not have enough indoor attractions to accommodate all if the people waiting so most families shuffle around trying to make do while waiting. At some point we were separated from my sisters family but we had one if her boys with us. There is a separate gate for the water park and all of us had purchased tickets for the water park on line but we had one of my sisters kids with us and his ticket was with his mom who we were separated from. At the gate of course they would not let my nephew in and he is only twelve so I was forced to buy him an extra ticket. At the counter I explained the whole situation and bought my nephew an extra ticket they told me I could get are fund if I would show the ticket my sister bought for my nephew in the first place. So we went into the water park and waited for the storm to clear and just looked at the attractions while waiting for the clouds to clear even though there was no rain. Finally they allowed everyone into the water and the waive pool was broken and only one if the slides was open. We got to enjoy what there was that was working for around twenty minutes when they closed the water park for good for the day. On the way out we went back to the ticket counter for our meager $16.00 refund and they grilled us like terrorists for 20 minutes until I finally said I had enough and they would be sorry. There were nine tickets and eight  of us it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out there was an extra ticket purchased. Rant finished. Bottom line. This is a second rate park that has no interest in customer service or their reputation. If I were going to guess I would say that they must be in financial trouble due to the petty way they treated me and my family.  I will never go back and I urge you the reader if this long and distraught review to beware. My family and I did not enjoy this park at all. All things being equal I don't think it would have been at the park even if the weather had cooperated. The park was a petty and unfriendly place for us
Had a great time. Could not disagree more with the posters who said that this park was less clean than a Disney park. The only place we couldn't find a little shade was in Miniland and most places there were fans and misters to help keep cool. Don't get me wrong - it was hot. Really hot. Thats what I get for visiting in August, but my 7 year old soaked up every minute there and absolutely loved his time at Legoland!! We would go again without hesitation.
Don't come on Saturdays!  This is a great park for children 3 - 6.  My 7 year old quickly got board and we were amazed at the long lines in October! In comparison, we visited Animal Kingdom and both Disney WaterParks and none of them had lines like Legoland. The best part of the day was the Pirate and Waterski show.  The rides were perfect for 3 to 6 year olds but older kids won't enjoy it too much. If you have kids in that range than it'll be a great day.  If you have older kids, they'll be a bit bored.
With a 70% chance of rain, the place was deserted.  My 3 year old was able to get on every ride he wanted with less than a 5 minute wait on each, if even.  On some rides the operator let the kids go 2x in a row!  The park is large, but not like Disney so it's walkable without the kiddos wanting to pass out or start whining.  This park is great for toddlers.  I don't think the rides would excite the older kids though.
Legoland is not worth the money, the park is small for the amount of people that was there.  The wait for each rides was 60-90 minutes and the lines to get food seemed as long. Also,  for price of tickets and the 45 minute drive south of Orlando, the money is better spend at Universal or Disney. Lastly, since this is Legoland you would think they would have an actual working machine that showed how Legos were made.
Our family had a fantastic time here. We have a 4 year old and a 12 year old, and everyone agreed it was a perfect day. We went on a Sunday - not as crowded as Saturdays. The park is super clean, the park size is manageable, the rides are just right for most kids under 14. We rode almost every one of the rides and there wasn't one we didn't like. I noticed people bringing in their own coolers and food, so that's an option, but we just bought concession snacks. The water park was great fun. I agree with the previous review about Joker Soaker  being WAY too much of a hostile water experience. It was nuts - hard core water coming at you from every direction, so we backed out of it pretty quickly. The water slides were great, as was the the kiddie area..although I am always a little concerned about icky water germs when little ones are swimming. The wave pool and lazy river with legos were a lot of fun as well. You can rent a private cabana for a steep price, but it looked like it would be great for a large family that was staying all day, as they provided shade, small refrigerators, lounges, a safe, and privacy. The bathrooms were clean, the employees were friendly. Parking is $14 for a mile long hike or $20 for Preferred parking - a 50 foot walk that looked really enviable at the end of a long day. I definitely recommend this place for young families as a day trip. Look for coupons or deals online.
I just want to let the Yelp family folks know that the further in advance you plan your visit (up to eight days out) you get a discount of up to 15.00 per. Personally, I hate the sound of the water park and Lego Land overall, and hope never ever to be dragged to such a place where the 3-10 year old crowd rule, I could head to Orlando to hear screaming kids of all ages if I really wanted to-BUT if you have a family you might wanna check this out.  A far better option than a more adult, beer soaked park like Busch Gardens. Might wanna leave that one to me. (wink!) This place totally caters to the kiddies. That being said, I would never torture any adult out-of-towners with this place, this one is strictly for the kids.
This place far exceeded my expectations! The kids had a wonderful time! We went on almost all of the rides.
Our kids loved Legoland.  Its smaller than Disney which is nice because you can get around to seeing everything in 1 day.  The rides are good if your kid is above 36 inches - below that there is limited stuff for them to do.  My 5 year old went on all the rollercoasters and rides, but I had to stay behind with my 2 year old because there was not a whole lot for him to do besides playing in the play areas.  We are going to go back and try the water park next time.
I love Legos, my kids love Legos, so I was really looking forward to this park.  My kids had a good time.  Not big like Disney or Universal, but for kids under 10, will wear them out.  Food is really expensive.  We got a behind the scenes tour of the Lego Factory which was really my favovorite part of the park.
We went Mothers Day Sunday and it was pretty much dead.  I see others complaining about the 10 - 5 hours but we arrived around 11 and finished everything by about 3. We knew it was a childrens park, so it was no surprise that there was virtually nothing for adults.  My 6 year old niece really enjoyed herself. I'm 6' 3" and it was awful trying to fit on these rides.  Most parents enjoy the rides with their kids, if I didn't have a couple other people with me, then my niece would have had to ride alone as the seats are just too small.  Would be fine for anyone 5' 9" or shorter I think. The park is basically half way between a carnival and Disney, but nowhere near the "magic" and quality of a Disney park.  It claims 2 - 12 but I don't think I'd take my niece there once she is 8 or 9.  The park just felt a bit "dull" ... and that may be because it was very slow that day and not many people.  So the interactive rides were not very crowded with kids having fun and a fun atmosphere, it was pretty empty.  We had another couple say they arrived a week or two before and that the park was so crowded, they wouldn't even allow walk-ins.  So obviously the park does fill up. The general consensus was that Legoland was far more fun than Disney Animal Kingdom, though missing the landscaping and character details that big budgets allow. My recommendation would be to bring a friend of your child, as they would have a blast on the rides together. We enjoyed walking the old Cypress Gardens areas, it's very well maintained and we even saw a wild raccoon and alligator. Food prices were actually very reasonable. As for value - $70 for a ticket seems a bit steep for what you get in comparison to other parks, but it's not THAT bad.  Maybe people should focus on how much fun their little ones have and not a Disney comparison when it comes to judging value.
I went to LegoLand for my 24th birthday with my boyfriend and had a blast feeling like a 5-year-old again! There were of course pros and cons to this park and I went in already expecting a few things, but it was a fun day! What to expect before you go: 1.)rides are geared toward kids. If you are over 12, you may find this place "childish". I am an avid coaster enthusiast but enjoy kiddie rides. Nothing here is intense at all. The hardest ride here is the Technic Test Track, which has a drop which may be scary to some kids, but the ride is a breeze after that. Rides because they are geared for children are also short, so expect to wait awhile for a 30 second ride. Seats on these rides are also small, so if you are adults you may have to ride alone. If you are an adult some of the rides you cannot ride, such as Boating School, Driving School, and the hang gliders. Be mindful of this. This is not Busch Gardens or Cedar Point. You will be disappointed if you expect an adrenaline rush. 2.)This is not Disney Don't expect the over the top nature of Disney or Universal. You will only be disappointed if you do. 3.)Some of the rides are rough. Vekoma coasters are known for being rough. Flight School and The Dragon are Vekomas and are shaky/rough rides which may not be a plus to a ride lover or a ride loving little one. The Coastersauraus is a small wooden coaster and wooden coasters by nature are shaky. Just be mindful. Pros: 1.) The cleanest theme park I've ever been to! Yes, the park is not even a year old, but the staff tries hard to keep it clean. There are employees everywhere tending to the outward appearance of the park. 2.)The theming! If you love Legos, have kids that love Legos, or want to relive your childhood, this park has so many Lego structures that are plain amazing! Seeing the Tampa, Las Vegas, NYC, San Francisco and Washington DC skylines made completely out of Legos was way awesome. The theming of some rides such as the dark ride part of The Dragon coaster was "Disney-esque". The Quest for Chi was my favorite ride there and was over the top themed as well! This ride is very wet for guests observing the ride as well as for the riders! It was amazing on a hot day. Very awesome addition to a great park! This park took some ordinary rides and made them extraordinary with every square inch made out of Legos. 3.)The staff Very friendly staff! I had a birthday button on that I picked up at guest services and was treated like a princess all day! Even one of the janitors was smiling and stopped what she was doing to wish me a happy birthday! The ride op named Tom had all the guests on the Kid Power Tower sing "Happy Birthday" to me. It was really cool. I know employees at theme parks don't make much money, but the employees for the most part were happy, wanted to accommodate the guests in every way they could, and were friendly. They value customer service here! 4.)The old Cypress Gardens The old cypress gardens were absolutely beautiful and very well restored. The Banyan tree and old gazebo were highlights. It was a wonderful distraction from all the plastic of the park. The lake is also beautiful. 5.) The water skiing show! My mom and dad talked about this show when I was a kid at the old Cypress Gardens and I finally got to see it! It did not disappoint and if you go to LegoLand, put this on top of your list! Seeing acrobats do pyramids and skiing off ramps was insane and the Lego theme was incorporated very well. 6.)Some of the rides! As I mentioned earlier, Quest for Chi was so much fun! You will get wet! You go right under a well themed waterfall! The Technic Test Track was also a highlight as well as Kid Power Tower where you pull yourself 25 feet up and drop, also a great view! Island in the sky is a neat observation tower that spins around slowly and it lifted up on an "arm like" structure. It is very unique and historic to Cypress Gardens. The Dragon coaster's dark ride section was very Harry Potter like and the Lego dragon breathes smoke on you. Really neat. 7.)For a packed day the lines moved fast! It was August 12th, still peak season so go figure with a hot day and long lines, but the lines actually moved! It was impressive. Cons: The one big one was... The food Overpriced and I warn you, DO NOT eat a hot dog here. It was the gift that kept on giving... indigestion. I had to stop by the nearby Publix for Pepto Bismol after our day at the park. Overall a great day! Check AAA for deals because the admission price is quite steep. I hope to check out the water park soon. This is a great addition to the Florida theme park scene!
my family and I really enjoyed Lego Land. We went there for 2 days and my kids had a blast.the park also allows you to bring snacks and water r should I say they don't check bags. The pictures are reasonable and so is a souvenir shop. We really enjoyed ourselves and plan on going back.
The park is great. A must see. A lot of fun. Very interesting builds. Fantastic access to Cypress Gardens, a real gem. But, surprisingly, the food is expensive and the choices are limited. :)
Way overpriced. To get the equivalent of a Disney Fast Pass on a ride you would have to pay over $145 (twice the ticket price). What a joke, and every "Hero Access" line was completely empty as apparently there was no one stupid enough to pay this much for something Disney offers for free. My 9 year old had fun, it was just he and I for the day, but he was disappointed in the 90 minute wait time for the best coasters and no way to "Fast Pass" it.  Food was priced better than Disney, but no beer made me sad. Parents need beer at a place like this:) Again though, my little one had fun which made it worth it. At the end of the day I asked him what he liked better Disney parks or Legoland, and he gave me that look like 'are you serious?' He said "Dad Disney and Universal are both much better than this place". Needless to say we will not go back unless the drop the ticket prices and serve beer/wine. BTW I heard the Lego waterpark serves beer but it was closed for the 70° F arctic air over central Florida in the winter.
ok.  Just ok, and I am generous with the 3 stars.  Just another overrated, overpriced entertainment for kids. . . next trip, do your kids a favor: take them to the mountains or the beach.
The Legoland water park is what we went to last it was fun i will prefer you to go there  with your kids because i think your kids would like to visit there. there are lockers, changing rooms,restaurants, and attractions. There also a lazy river where you can build your own raft! There is a place you can catch some waves and behind that is a place where you can play with your kids.
Legoland Florida was pretty much the perfect theme park experience for my family.  We like to go on some rides, but we're not as into the rides as a lot of people, and none of us are roller coaster people, so we want a place that can offer a good experience for us without making it seem like we're missing half of the fun if we don't like death-defying high-flying attractions.  This is where Legoland really brought the goods, offering us plenty to do, even more to look at, and attractions aimed at a wide variety of interest and age levels.  Pretty sure my 7 year old's favorite section was the Kingdom, where we enjoyed the spinny Merlin ride and, yes, the Dragon coaster (which is really the perfect roller coaster for people who have never been on one before or HATE most coasters like I do... a reasonable drop or two and some fun twists, but nothing crazy).  But the City and Technics areas offered a lot of fun activities and rides, too (Technicycle was another family favorite), and the various cityscapes on display in Miniland were amazing, especially the Star Wars scenes. The place probably isn't everyone's cuppa, and if you're not in the 5-10 age bracket or a huge AFOL (Adult Fan of Lego), you're probably not in the place's key demographic.  But we enjoyed ourselves a lot.  And for such a beautiful, warm, spring-like Saturday in early March, the place was not that crowded at all and we never had to wait in line long.  Really, it was pretty much the perfect day.
The water park is not included in your basic ticket to Legoland. You will need to pay extra to enter. The water park is located on the far side of Legoland. It is near the flight school. There are locker rooms in the water park. There are 7 individual attractions in the water park. The Splash Safari is great for the younger kids, Build-A-Raft River (lazy river),  Imagination Station, Lego Wave and Joker Soaker are good for all ages. The older kids can get more excitment from the Splash Out and Twin Chasers. Overall, I had a good time as the attractions as well as Legoland are geared towards younger kids.  My daughter was not imtimated by old kids as there was none. I would recommend this place for families with young kids. They will allow you to bring your own food and drinks into both Legoland and Legoland Water Park.
It was interesting to see how those little bricks can make some amazing statues and figures.  My husband is a huge Lego fan and he can't get enough of his sets.  We were both blown away by the imagination of the creators that made it possible there.  The park has rides for both kids and adults.  Most of them were for kids, but we still spent the entire day here enjoying the visit.  They have a buffet for $10.99 for unlimited salad, pizza, and drink.  What other theme park offers that?  There are other food offerings for the ones that don't want to settle for the unlimited side.  The lines for the rides were not that long, which was a plus.  You will walk a lot, so wear comfortable shoes.  The only gripe is that they don't offer to pick you up to take to you to the front when you park like most theme parks do.  I'm sure it will be offered in the near future.
40 minutes to park, 60 minutes to get a burger and saw more than the whole park in less than a day. My son , age 8, loved it and a few of the rides plus mini-land were pretty fun. Check it out if you have a coupon or an extra day in Orlando, not worth a visit at full price.
This review is long overdo. We love this place more than Disney. My son is 4 and this park is way better than Disney for this age group, in my opinion. Everything is for them. Advantages are: 1. Almost all of the rides are for 3 years old or older. 2. There is a Lego City which has several Lego scenes of different cities like NY, Miami, Los Angeles, and Las Vegas, to name a few. 3. Several roller coasters that are kid friendly, even for the really young ones. 4. Many healthy food alternatives. 5. There are a few park and playground areas in between rides which have no lines. 6. The annual pass is a fraction of the cost of the other parks in the area. 7. They have a water park, which is included in the Florida resident annual pass. I took a star off because of a bad experience in our last visit. A family member gave my son the annual pass as a gift but the temporary pass did not have his name. I called two days before going to the park to ask if it would be an issue. The 800 number rep assured me it would not be an issue. Sure enough, guest relations gave us a problem when we arrived and could care less what the call center rep advised. The frustrating part was the lack of help. The first person assisting passed us on to a manager. They continued to tell us that we could not use the pass unless my family member was there (lives no where near the park and will probably never go). We asked for alternatives like sending the contract via fax or email for signature but they did not budge. After about 20 minutes, the manager stated she needed some time to discuss an alternative with another department. She took my name and cell phone number down and told us to enjoy the park and come back later when we were done, or they would call us when a resolution was found. She assured us she, and her manager, would be there all day. We never received a call and returned at the end of the day to find that she was gone for the day. I had to explain everything again to the first rep that helped me in the morning so she could remember what happened, and the other manager mentioned by the manager that left never showed her face. To end the story, we had to cancel the contract from the gift and pay most of the pass ourselves. The outcome is not as disappointing as the experience, lack of service, and unwillingness to help. Most visitors are from far distances and they were unwilling to help us in anyway. Very disappointing, but my son's happiness is whats most important and will keep us coming back.
Our experience started on a bit of a sour note. We purchased a TravelZoo voucher for discounted tickets. It stated that we should take the voucher to ANY ticket window for redemption so we stood in line in the sweltering heat and sun mind you for 30 minutes to then be told we needed to go to yet another line and wait in it for 20 minutes. Finally, we think we are going to get our tickets and get into the park already but no, not happening because now we have to go to another window because no one knows what to do with this voucher. After an hour wasted in line, we were able to enter the park. We have a family of 6, ranging in age from 19-10; the youngest being Lego obsessed. The park is really geared towards younger kids and mine had a little difficulty fitting on some of the rides, as did my husband. Lines were not long and moved quickly. We were able to ride a few more than once and still spent only about 3 hours in the park. There is a water park located within LEGOLAND that I am sure would be a great addition to your outing as the park itself is navigated through very quickly...at least for us.
Great amusement park for kids from 4-12. The first week of January is a great time to come because of the reduced crowds.
We emailed the management, and found out that they offer a VIP tour -- expensive -- but a total, high end experience.  I do not like to wait in lines, and with this tour (private) you skip ALL lines.  Lunch is included - and the food was terrific and healthy.  We had salads (made to order), roast chicken (moist and delicious), chicken noodle soup, and a bunch of other delicious items.  The rides were terrific - for our 6 year old son, they were better than any theme park in Central Florida.  Everything was clean and well maintained, and the service by employees was extremely professional.  Everyone went the extra mile.  The VIP tour was well worth it, and we absolutely felt like royalty.  Even our teenager enjoyed the park!  Definitely will return.
Great place for young families. Staff really seems to care and are very friendly and helpful!
From a parent's perspective, I'm afraid two stars is all I can give it.  And this is coming from someone who really, REALLY, wanted to be able to rate it well, because I love the creative concept!  Like so many have said, there are some truly great things about this park.  (Like all the AMAZING Lego creations!)  But I want to warn you about some not-so-great issues. I think it boils down to one central problem:  If they're going to make me pay "Disney prices" to get in, they darn well ought to deliver a Disney-caliber experience!  Honestly, if they weren't charging $75 for adults and $65 for kids, I bet almost all reviewers would be handing out 4 & 5 stars!  I know I would!   Unfortunately, LegoLand seems to have forgotten the number one rule of business:  Know the value of your product and price it accordingly!  (It's also bizarre that they charge adults MORE, despite the fact that a good portion of the park can only be enjoyed by young KIDS!) Here are a few of the reasons I felt like the experience doesn't match the price: 1.)  I think Legoland is making a mistake when they overlook certain comforts & conveniences.  For instance, most parks provide cute little Trams to whisk us to & from their giant parking lots.  Not the case, here.  But I'm not one to cry over a little extra exercise, so I can deal.  I just wish they provided a sidewalk for families to walk on!  That'd not only be WAY safer for kids, but also so much COOLER!  (Especially if they planted shade trees along it!)  Honestly, is there anything hotter than black asphalt in the heat of the day?  By the end of our long trek, I swear the rubber soles of my shoes were starting to melt!  (Along with the rest of me!)  NOT a great way to start our time there! 2.)  We arrived at the front gate already suffering mild heat stroke, thanks to that endless journey across the Sahara (AKA "parking lot")....so it was a little exasperating to find out that we had to STAY in full sun for the VERY slow-moving ticket line. Seriously, LegoLand, what do you have against SHADE?!  All around me people were grumbling about baking in that line, especially after the crazy-hot parking lot walk!  Why couldn't they just hang some canvas tarps over that area, or plant a bunch of shade trees?  (Especially since they don't open more than a couple ticket windows,, so a line that LOOKS deceptively short actually results in an infuriatingly long wait!)  When we left our vehicle, we were fully hydrated.  By the time we finally made it through the gates, we were stumbling around like desert-wanderers, offering to pay any price for a sip of water! We literally had to stop and buy drinks before we could do ANYTHING! 3.)  They only had one indoor restaurant, & it's way back @ the entrance.  Having to sit in the heat while eating a hot burger is not pleasant.  I'm just saying. 4.)  Their hours are too short & confusing.  In the off season they're only open from 10-5 during the week! (Seriously, 5 O'Clock? REALLY? Even most BANKS are open later than that nowadays!) At least they're open later on weekends---til 8, according to their website.  However, the ticket lady informed us that the RIDES actually close @ 7, only the shops are open til 8.  Then all around the park we saw signs saying they close at 5!  Clearly a LOT of families were confused, because there was a mass-exodus at about 4:50!   But what really baffles me is why, when you build a park in a place as hot as FLORIDA, would you only be open in the hottest part of the day?!  When we left (right around 7:00) the temp was just starting to be bearable.  As the gentleman behind us complained, "For the first time all day it doesn't feel too hot to do anything, and they're kicking us out!"  I couldn't have said it better!  But even more importantly, if they CHARGE what the other parks charge (give or take a little), why aren't they giving me the hours those parks give?! And how do they justify charging the same price on weekdays when they make those hours even SHORTER? 5.)  The lines weren't all that long, but the WAITS often were!  Especially the roller coasters.  The problem is that each roller coaster only had one "car" or "train" (whatever you'd call it) with a max of 16 passengers.  & on that one "car", the double seats are so snug that often only one person could fit.  An avg of only 12-13 people going @ a time, & only one car running, equals a very long wait.  The ride itself was then VERY short (around 90 sec, I'd say)---which may be a plus for young kids who are just getting used to coasters! 6.)  Thanks to long lines and abbreviated hours we didn't get to do everything.  We can't afford to come back tomorrow & do the rest, & we don't live in FLA so who knows if we'll ever get a chance.  If tickets cost about $20 less apiece (or I had a lot more money in the bank) I wouldn't sweat it.  But as it is, this really felt like a low blow!
Like what the description says, its as good as it gets...
my kids loved it!.  short hours (10a-5p)makes it difficult to see the whole park in one day- especially, since the kids love to take time to build stuff.  but, the rides are super kid friendly and the lines were all fairly short compared to the larger parks (less than 20min- most only 5 min) one super clue...  mcdonalds had a special we didn't know about :(...  buy one get one free admission....  dag!  but publix had ok discounts -$50+tax- kids and $60+tax- adults place was clean, bathrooms nice, hand sanitizer everwhere so, in the end- they coulda had a 5 star, but the hours were a few too short for us to really experience the whole park.- might i add- we did get to see everything- just a little rushed.
We had a good time & enjoyed the rides.  Clean and well thought out.  Nice landscaping.  The kids enjoyed the rides.  The food was not terribly expensive considering that you are at an amusement park.  You can bring in your own food and drinks if you want to lug it around.  If not, Gatorade and water are $3 and are sold at kiosks and carts all over the park.
LegoLand is exactly what parents of young children have been looking for! I will be honest. I am a big fan of everything Disney and there is definitely nothing like it...the parades, the characters, the light shows, etc.  However, every single time I've been there with my toddler, I've wondered how these ingenious people behind the Disney parks have not thought about including at least one playground for little ones to be able to go free and play at any of their parks. Well, apparently the people behind LegoLand were thinking the same thing! LegoLand is the place to go if your children are, in my opinion, between the ages of 2 and 8. Most rides are appropriate for kids measuring 36 inches or taller. I suggest you ask the ride workers for age requirements as well before you make the lines. Some of the signs do not specify this. You might end up making a 30 minute line and then being sent on your way without riding because your child did not meet the age requirement (it happened to us).  The park is a good size ( you can do it in a day) and it's truly tons of fun for them!  They have 3 fabulous playgrounds where the kids can run around and parents can be worry free. There are 3 roller coasters, a carousel, a wooden horse ride, a Lego Safari trail, "Ford" go carts that the kids actually drive by themselves, a "Flying School",  impressive Lego Land cities and statues, and much much more! The entrance fee is comparable to Disney's, however the annual pass is very affordable and completely worth it. They credit your entrance fee towards the pass so, one annual pass for an adult ends up costing $130! The lines for the rides and the crowds are not bad at all compared to the ones you'll endure at Disney. The food is fairly priced for being a theme park and they have enough of a variety as well. All around, this place is definitely worth your time!
My boys loved it here and I thought it was great too...until we came for the second time and we were all very bored after walking through it again. They have so so rides for the kids, but the park itself isnt very big at all. I did hear that they were expanding the park with a water park, so I am sure we will be back for that. I don't think that I will be going back until something new there opens up. But it was VERY cool to see all of the cities and statues around the park made out of legos.
This is a good park for young kids - meaning 5 and under.  However, the won't be tall enough to ride everything.  My 8 year old niece was bored there.  I was expecting much much more and was a little dissapointed with the unfinished grounds and the park was very dirty.  Also, there was a lot of bugs everywhere!  It's a very small park so you can ride everything and do more in a day.  They are also VERY SLOW...... the day we went, the park was empty but the rides move slow and the way they load are super slow.  The food stands are cooked to order so they are super slow too!  It's a good park to take your kids once but never again after that.
I have to unfortunately agree with the majority in this case. So much so that this post will be followed by a letter to the CEO of Merlin Entertainment, Nick Varney. Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! Those are the only three words that can describe 95% of my time at LEGOLAND Florida. Ever since my son turned 3, we've played with LEGOs. He has at least 4 or 5 of the STAR WARS ships hanging on fishing wire from his ceiling! So for the last 7 years I've debated flying from Jacksonville, FL to San Diego to take him to see LEGOLAND. Man, am I glad I didn't. Where do I begin, first of all let's put the bottom line up front; You can't charge Disney prices and give Chuck E Cheese service! (Apologies to the CEC Corporation!) Grades to individual aspects, games or rides given in parentheses. We arrived at the park at 8:15am, 1 hour and 45 minutes before opening on the "Grand" Opening Day. I ask an employee, if there are different sections of the mob up ahead of me, or is everyone just gethered into one spot? She states, no, everyone is just in one big mob up there. So we wait, and wait and wait. And what was the reward for waiting there all that time? Well it was two-fold, 1) we saw men on stilts - booooooring and 2) I notice that it seems like the area near the turnstiles is actually filling with .... people! What? Why am I waiting all the way, back here? Is there a second line or mob? Can I go purchase tickets now? Ask second employee, she states yes, you can go up there and buy tickets now. Holy cow! So after a 1 hour and 20 minute wait, I get into the actual line with 20 minutes to go before the park opens. ..... An hour and 20 minutes later, yes, at 11:00am we make it into the park! Hello, did you not think that there would be a crowd? Maybe you should have tested your barcode scanners earlier, then say oh, 10am?? (F) Okay, breathe, in-out, relax. Let's go have fun. Straight to the Coastersaurus. Umm, it was okay, its an old wooden roller coaster, so for what it is, it was fun. (A-)But is that the biggest coaster you got? Oh boy this is going to be a long day? Mini-Land? Impressive, but I can look on-line. No interaction = no care. Next. Lego Technic. This are was probably the better area... Oh wait what this, Midway games, hmmm suspect. The Wave Racers, good fun, and you don't get too wet. (A-). Test Track, kids went on, they seemed to have fun. (A-) Technicycle, snooze alert, but it was made for smaller kids and I'm not opposed to teaching the kids the harder you pedal the higher you go. (B+) Imagination Zone.  We walk up and hold on.. we can't go in? Why? You're at capacity. Understandable, being the opening day. So we wait 15 minutes and then get in, yes!..... No! You're LEGOLAND for crying out loud and the best you can do is 3-4 tracks and 4 rumbleplates, no wonder you were at capacity. You would have been at capacity if me, my brothers and my first cousins all decided to go in there! You are LEGOLAND, there should have been lego building demonstrations, design demonstrations, the newest and greatest LEGO brand demonstrations. Oh and I never saw signs to get to Hero Factory or Mindstorms? Were they even open? (D, maybe D+ for the Albert Einstein head) LEGO City. Let's go! The Big Test show was very cute, my daughter laughed the whole time! Kudos to the cast! (A+) Driving School - heck, we walked up there and two of my three kids laughed at how lame it looked (and they are 9 and 10), kinda your target audience, NEXT! Rescue Academy, hold your horses! An interactive game/ride and I get to compete physically against the other park-goers! Looks great, let's get it on!!! The kid working there was fun, engaging, did slow the process down a bit, but hey he was TRYING, which is more than I can say for 90-95% of the staff. BUT, (and this was a problem around the park) he had his pants around his rear end! I mean his shirt was tucked in, but he looked slovenly. A lot of the staff looked this way. More on the staff later. Boating School also looked as lame as the Driving school - Next. Back to the Land of Adventure. Pharoah's Revenge, great concept, shoot foam balls at each other, but it was the size of my living room and kitchen? Make the fun stuff big, and the space fillers (midway games) small! (A for effort, C+ for execution) Lost Kingdom Adventure sounded fun, but after waiting in line for 30 minutes behind the world's worst parents (and why were they allowed to bring a stroller into the line? Was it so their crappy 5-yr old could slam it into my daughter's chin, oh and not apologize?) the ride shut down due to mechanical problems. Okay, again understandable as you work out the bugs. Beetle Bounce (C) and Safari Trek (D) looked more for 3-5 year olds, not us... Next. Part 1 of 2
I bought a hotel package with legoland Florida pass for 2 adults and one 7 year old ardent lego fan.  We flew down to Miami and drove 4 hours to winter haven only to find out that the park closed at 1 pm due to reaching capacity. This was NOWHERE stated on the official Legoland Florida site. They would not even pick up the phone! The hotel staff told me they posted their status on Facebook! LOL seriously?!  Is this the Lego official form of communications now? I was never notified that the park would close due to capacity issues anywhere and if this is Lego's policy then why contract out Advanced Reservation Systems to sell tickets at all? Defeats the purpose of purchasing tickets,making hotel reservations, or travel reservations. My child is heartbroken in tears and deserves an apology from Lego.
I will agree with some of the reviews and say that small children can ride almost all rides.  Our 8 and 5 yr olds mildly enjoyed the park, but for $60-80 per ticket you would get more enjoyment buying a large Lego set and spending your day at the pool.  Poor line management at this rides and food areas.
Highly recommend.
Buy the legoland flash drive for $40 to get all your on ride photos for no additional cost.
It's great for KIDS as are most parks but this one really is just aimed at the little ones.  I would say the age range for this park is about 5-9 years old, younger than 5 they aren't interested and older than 9 they probably will be bored.  It's about a hour drive from Orlando.  We had fun but it's not something we would go back to on a regular basis.  For almost the same cost i would rather go to IOA or Magic Kingdom...
As a child I grew up going to Cypress Gardens every year with my Grandparents. Always loved the water-skiing show.  It was nice to come back after 30 years and Bring my wife and my 8 year old daughter.  Legoland was AWESOME. My daughter rode every ride and every roller coaster (which she does not usually do).  We went with friends who have kids as well and they all enjoyed it! The lego buildings were so cool, the gardens were great and the water skiing show was fun too. This is the perfect place for parents with kids between 6-11 years old.  By far better than Disney!
Great place for kids.
All I can say is awesome! Great interactive rides and activities. I highly recommend this park especially for kids between 5-10. Our family spent the whole day here and we are looking forward to a return trip.
Great for younger kids.  My six year old was able to ride every roller coaster. My nine year old liked it as well. It's a hike from Tampa and Orlando.
My husband and I decided to surprise our 5 and 6 year old kids yesterday with a trip to Legoland. I was concerned with some of the reviews about customer service, but I have say we didn't experience a bit of bad service. In fact, the park way exceeded our expectations. Everyone was super nice and energetic. They made the rides more fun by getting the kids excited as we were getting strapped in. In fact, even on Beetle Bounce the worker there gave his sunglassea to my daughter cause the sun was right in her eyes. And I love the fact that both my kids could ride the coasters, with the exception of the sky ride which my son was too short for. Staff was friendly, the lines were super short (we waited at most 15 minutes), lunch was reasonable when compared to Disney (we ate at the panini grill because we hate fried park food, it was pretty good and included a drink and side), and lots of stuff to do. Over all I would say def worth the money if you can get the kids go free coupon. Best for kids 12 and under. As my kids both said, best day of their life!!!
Went with my boys 5,7,9 the day before Thanksgiving.  Perfect weather.  Lines were not too bad.   Amazing Lego creations.  Fun rides.   We didn't get to everything.  For a small park there was plenty to do.   Wish it wasn't so far away.
It's cute. If you have children they will love this park. It's beautiful set in in the old Cypress Gardens. It's new(er) rides are smooth and clean. The lego sculptures are amazing (check out the mini-world). As an adult you might be a little bored (not all rides are for you) but the joy of watching kids go banana's here is worth it.
Meh, glad my tickets were free.  Staff was clearly in off season mode.  Anyone past the age of 8 will be bored out of their mind.
After being other theme parks that are close like Busch Gardens and Disney, this one doesn't really do much for me. Personally don't think its worth the price. The kids did have lots of fun (ages 2-7) partially thanks to the fact that there are more roller coaster rides there that cater to them. My fave was an area where they used Legos to build dioramas of major cities like Las Vegas and New York, and also scenes from Star Wars and a pirate harbor! That was cool. Still, with it being like $10 less than Busch Gardens I'd have to say I'd rather go to Busch.
The park is wonderful for young children ages 3-7 years old, otherwise it would not be as much fun!  I brought my 12 years old boy and he did not like it a whole lot, he only cared for the mindstorm robotic class/workshop.  The rides are mostly geared to the very young. This would be our first and the last visit here.
Great amusement park for younger kids. Mine are 5 and 7 and they loved it.  My husband and I also had a great time.  My 5 year old was so excited that she could ride all the roller coasters!
Legoland is terrific.... The park is very family friendly, geared towards kids my age (8 and 11), very accessible. The roller coasters were fun, not too crazy.  Miniland is really amazing.  There are obstacle course-type playgrounds, a ride with lasers, and lots of other fun things to do.  Much more low-key and relaxed than the over-the-top feeling of Disney, but maybe even more fun.  We had a blast and hope to come back on our next trip to Florida.
Legoland was fantastic!!!  It is perfect for a 5-8 yr old.  The staff was great, the park is clean and not very crowded.  We went for two days and still didn't see everything.  Our 5 yr old LOVED it.  We did too!
We live in Florida and get to all of the parks during the year; our visit to legoland was a nightmare. The customer service is terrible, they would not honor the ticket I bought online (because they have two different computer systems that are not connected?) The employees are extremely rude, we actually saw them enjoying pissing the guests off!! The tickets were expensive, the park was small and the hours were from 10 to 5. They are so many other parks that provide a better experience- don't waste your time. Also , it is impossible to get a refund, the customer service number is for Merlin Entertainment in the UK!
If you are the caretaker of a boy between the ages of 5 - 12, this is heaven. Bring one of those pocket chairs with you because there are not enough places to sit. The coaster rides are short and not too scary. But if you are over 200 lbs or very tall, the ride seats are going to be too small. If this is your situation, be sure to bring more than one small person with you so they can keep each other company. No free wi-fi, be sure to bring your hotspot or a book.   The food is decent with gluten free choices. The miniature Lego worlds are very fun to see. FYI, The NASA miniature rocket doesn't actually take off. If you are local, the price of an annual pass is worth it. Then you can go late in the afternoon, not pay for parking and get on most rides without much of a wait.
This park was perfect for my kids ages 5 and 7.  They could ride nearly every ride.  We went Jan 1st (right after their big New Year's Eve day) and the park was pretty deserted.   We walked on almost every ride more than once.  Great way to spend a day with kids this age.   Also watch for coupons in Lego magazine or on small toy packages as those were buy 1 adult get a kid ticket free which save us like $150.
We ventured to Legoland with 3 boys in tow (ages 3, 5 and 11) and we were all happy! We went on a Sunday (mid Oct), arrived before the park opened and was able to walk on all the rides we wanted. So, two hours later, we hit most of the attractions, ate our lunch (we brought it), then headed to a couple more attractions. Three hours in, I felt like we hit 90% of the park and it was HOT, so we headed to the water park. This is a great place to wear out the kids and relax. For my family, there's only really three (maybe four) main areas in the water park: the older kid area (with slides and LOTS of water features), lazy river (not really anything special, but the kids were thrilled with the floating / building with Lego bricks), Lego building area in front of the wave pool and the bigger slides. (Plus, they serve beer so we can watch the kids while they're playing.) When we were done, I wanted to rinse away the chlorine, but there are no showers. We all changed back into our clothes and headed back into the main park to walk through mini-land USA (very impressive) then get some goodies (since they hand out candy during Brick or Treat). My recommendation is DO NOT go to Legoland specifically for Brick or Treat. They only really decorate a couple sections of the park, with the main one being the trick or treat trail. Then, the goodies they hand out are so/so. A little candy, a Lego magazine and a couple other things, but that's it. Plus, you're limited to once per day. I get that it's included in our ticket price, but I expected a little more. After all, it seems as though outside companies sponsor the trail (Wendy's, Wells Fargo, Fruit something). Remember, this is not Disney and it truly is a park designed for 2-12 year olds. Two adults can not ride in a seat together on most (if not all) rides. It's meant for an adult and younger child. Still fun though!
We had a fabulous day here with my children, 8 & 5. The staff was very friendly and the park was just what we needed after 5 Disney days in a row.  My 5 year old is afraid to ride a lot of rides but not here, it made my day to hear him laughing with delight while on the appropriately sized roller coasters.  This is a must do for younger children!!!
Kids and family had a great time.  Would have loved to have seen more things but the park is not completely built out.  This is a great place if you want to go somewhere and not be overwhelmed with people.  We did a two-day pass and did part of the park on one day and the rest the next day with shows.  I would do a two-day pass again instead of one day.
Fun... Fun.... Fun...
Legoland is a very small park for the price, is a park for 5yrs to 9yrs old. Legoland employee were nice, but the employee of the water park oh my gosh were super rude and tremendous attitude. The lines was fast to go on the rides .the water park only had 5 rides . The most disppointed was that I had to pay $3.00 for my 18 months baby boy to enter the water park, nobody tell you that; you find out  in the gate of the water park (when you don't have another option) I don't understand why to pay that, when they put information that the park is free for 3yrs  and under, it is not true. I will not return to the  this park. I prefer to go to other parks in the area.
Just some suggestions in addition to some others have posted( If not suggested already,because I didn't read all the reviews). Try to get a free child ticket with paying adult ticket from the lego magazine that is mailed to kids in the Lego fan club ( can be given free at lego stores also). Adult tickets are $79 as of now. Water park is not open during the weekdays until May when the weather gets warmer. The water was cold during March/April but being from Chicago not really bad. I think they open the water park only during Springbreak full time. $15 upgrade for extra day and $12 upgrade for water park. If you don't like the local water for taste/smell, which was pretty awful by my standards, stay away from the Swirl slushies/ Icee that they sell. Even with the chemical flavoring you could still taste the water which wasn't even filtered to remove the offending taste. Don't go to pre-made sandwich shop that doesn't sell hot food near the Pirate show. Sandwiches were not that good and at $7-8 a piece a bad choice.For $3-4 bucks more you could get a hot meal with chips and drink elsewhere. My kids were boys 3,7 and 10 yrs of age. They enjoyed all of it. Lines were not that bad at about a max of 15 min wait during our Easter stay (Sun and Mon). My first theme park experience with kids and during spring break. Enjoyable because I kept my expectations low. Everything was working great, nothing broke and the water park is less than two years old so everything is new. Don't forget your stroller and a quick peek at the Cypress gardens which is a little oasis in chaos of a theme park.
Perfect for our 8.5 year old daughter, who loves LEGOs. No one was here on Mother 's Day so there were no lines and we rode the coasters as many times as we wanted! The Banyan tree in Cypress Gardens was amazing and the LEGO art really was something! Not much here for older kids, so I wouldn't bring them past age 10 except for the water park. The food workers need some serious training before summer crowds arrive and we were disappointed there were no Harry Potter sets. All in all, we'll worth the drive and effort. Plus, we got her ticket free through one of the discounts from McDonald's (purchase by 5/31 and good through next year.)
Absolutely wonderful park for younger kids. Lots of rides and activities for kids to do. And it's just a short drive from Disney! We will certainly be back!
Awesome place. Rides are great, and I suggest going here. Try the apple fries and cap'n brick beards burgers. Relatively good prices for a theme park, about the same as most upscale restaurants. My favorite rides are the dragon and the lost kingdom adventure.
My date of visit to LEGOLAND was on Sunday  February12, 2012.  I flew in for my niece's birthday(9yrs old) and this visit to LEGOLAND was a surprise to her. I was a little skeptical as I read the reviews on here beforehand, but for me it was a GREAT experience. To start, I would say Sunday is your best day to go.  The park was at best 1/3 full.   The first coaster ride we encountered there was a line for. We fared better starting at the far end of the park and working our way to the front.  As cool as it was, I was not about to wait in a line in the shade--would have waited in the shade if it was hot!  The most I had to wait for a ride was 5 minutes, other than that we were immediately seated for rides as soon as it ended for other riders.   The staff interaction was very positive; on some of the coasters they were even cheering and clapping for you as you made your return. I would advise that you bring kids that are at least 36 inches or more.  I could not justify bringing a child that is less than that providing what you pay; even though they do have stationary play areas for those less than 36 inches.  We used the McDonald's BOGO promo, it's online, just google it.  As an adult you will be able to ride most of the rides.  My brother is 6'4", 235lb and he had minimal if any complaints about being uncomfortable riding the rides.  All he had to do was cross his legs and he would fit into the seated coaster rides. There was a not so nice encounter I had there.  If you are sending your child to a line by their self, be sure to monitor their progress in line or just go with them to the line.  Even though there was no wait, for some reason my niece was not getting on a ride quick enough.   Kids with no manners were cutting in front of her, so I had to REGULATE on the little rascals and soon enough she was the next one to get on.   Parking is $12 and premium parking is $20.  The photos taken while you ride only came in packages and were $14.99 and up.  The food prices were ok.  The Granny fries were good to experience. The Lego mini-land and Cypress gardens was a nice respite from the rides.  The mini-land is interactive.  You can activate certain pieces within the mini-land by the touch of a button. The Lego soldiers marching on the DC capital was sharp.  Everything was clean and in new/great shape.  Bring a camera, as there are many photo opportunities with the many Lego sculptures and structures.  Star Wars fans, there are Darth Vader and R2D2 sculptures!  There will be a water park addition come early summer.  All the rides stayed open until 5pm or a little thereafter to accommodate those who wanted to get that last ride in.  We went there with a focus to rides as many rides as possible and we rode all the ones that were age appropriate, for the kid and adult in us...lol All in all, a positive experience. No where in the word LEGOLAND do I see Disney, so go with an OPEN mind.  The whole park is manageable in one day.
SAVE YOUR MONEY!  Legoland is a total joke.  At $65 to $75 a ticket you will be disappointed.  A fair price for what they have to offer would be $20.  Legoland is basically a large collection of LEGO STORES and fast food restaurants with a few rides and shows for little kids.  Your not going to get out of this place without spending $100+ on Lego's.  And about all the beautiful Lego displays.... there are buildings and even a Ford Explorer build out of lego pieces.  But they are all discolored and falling apart and the place has only been open for 6 months!  Everything seems temporary.  Signage is plastic.  Sort of gives me the feeling that even the owners want to be able to convert the whole park over to the next fad once people stop coming for the Lego's.  We visited with a 7 & 9yr old.  Everyone was like WTF after watching the ski show.  You can site in and drive some boats or cars... if 1mph does it for you.  The biggest thrill was their wooden roller coaster, which my 6' 230 frame had trouble fitting comfortably into.  The staff were generally untrained, impolite and uneducated, everyone that would have been rejected by Disney.  The worst part of the trip was lunch at the pizza/pasta/salad buffet.  There was one bathroom split between a restaurant that seats 200.  The tables were dirty.  The floor was sticky.  It was all just a total mess and nobody working there seemed to understand the health benefits of cleanliness.
Great park. I was concerned that this park would not be interesting for older kids, tweens, and only for toddlers, but both tweens and toddlers enjoyed it. They did a great job in having roller coasters good for older kids (but not too scary, they don't flip or go upside down, only have speed), and across from those, they have activity centers and things to do for younger kids. Driving school for toddlers right next to Driving school for ages 6-10. A lot to do. We arrived at 11 and it closes at 5pm, we didn't have time to do everything. So, be aware that it closes at 5pm, so plan to arrive earlier to be able to do everything. Liked how even the parking lot was subdivided into lego shaped parking spots. A relaxing day with lots of fun things to do for the younger kids and tweens. Just a note of caution, if you are waiting for the end of the day to go to the Big Lego Shop to buy your souvenirs, keep in mind, that EVERYONE is thinking that too. At 5pm, that store becomes Insanely busy with huge lines and impossible to enter or walk through. So, do your shopping during the day. It will be more relaxing and quicker to check out.   Recommended.
I will start this out positive, because there is very little good to say about this park. Lego has made quite the headway with their products by adding Wii games and using favorite charachters like Jack Sparrow, Harry Potter, Batman and some Star Wars. Saying that, we kind of expected to see some of those things incorporated more into the park, as it is only two years old. Who designed this park anyway? Most theme parks are designed for kids, who are mostly picky eaters and want to eat wherever you are and want to eat NOW. My kids are not too picky, but when it comes to eating it is NOW or TROUBLE. We located food quickly to find no place to sit and only ONE choice with the food, Cheeseburgers and fries, as for drinks it was soda or water, no juice or even milk. We walked around a ways to find the only other option in walking distance was Pulled BBQ Pork, which was not an option, so we ventured back for Cheeseburgers. We stood while the kids relaxed in their stroller. Moving on, kids are getting annoyed at the long lines, as there are maybe 5 rides they could go on and most were in DUPLO land. They wanted to go in these glorified play areas that were basically small child parks where they could run around. I didn't pay $80 a person to watch my kid play at a park, those are free. Mini land was cool if you like to travel throughout the US without taking more than one plane. To quote Simon, it is missing the WOW factor. Cool, but not worth 45 minutes in the car with kids and certainly not worth $80 per person. This place needs an overhaul to include coffee throughout the park and healthier food choices for people....maybe New York's mayor should run for office in Florida where he can ban sugary drinks and work on their obesity pushing with the poor food choices they offer.
Visited Legoland in June. I have two young girls, 4 and 2. Everyone told me this park was GREAT for young kids. I found this not to be the case. My 4 year old, luckily, is tall for her age and so was able to do more of the rides. My poor two year old, however, couldn't do anything but the double-decker carousel (which was really neat) and the Duplo playground. So I paid $75 to go to a playground. She was so sad that she had to spend the whole day watching the other kids and her sister get to go on rides while she couldn't. She couldn't even ride the baby rides in the baby section of the park, with me along with her. The tiny, slow 'truck' ride going in a circle around a track for 2 minutes, with me along? Not allowed. I'd rather go to Disney or Seaworld where BOTH of my children can participate and have fun! I would suggest only taking kids 5 or older... but my nephew, who is 9, was a bit bored after the roller coasters. So... they cater to a particularly small demographic of people. Otherwise, the park was clean and very cute. Since I had to deal with a super bored and grumpy 2 year old I spent a good deal of time in the Cypress Gardens section, which was nice. She liked the Pirate show, too. Lines weren't too long and we had fun swapping our Mini Lego figures with the employees around the park - we came with two old, basic lego figures and ended up with one dressed like a dinosaur and a King Triton! The kids liked to try to spot cute ones as we walked around the park. I'm glad I went because now I know what it's like, but would I go again? Nope.
Wonderful family park! A little for everyone- rides, games and playgrounds.  Very clean from the grounds to the bathrooms.  Everything was priced fairly inside the park, not overpriced like Disney. We went on Sunday for the first time and it was not overcrowded like SeaWorld and Disney.  Will definitely go again
If you have a child under age 14 you should not miss this park. It is a little bit of a drive from Orlando and from Tampa. However, I thought it was a great park. They recycle which I LOVE. I wish other parks would follow. The park is clean no long lines, bargains everywhere for tickets. We did the B1g1 free thru AAA. we stayed from  10:30 to 2:30. We could have stayed  a bit longer but Florida is HOT  and we  felt that we had done enough (approx 8 rides and stopped to eat). Several roller coasters for kids that adults can also go on. Lots of rides and the Lego exhibits are AMAZING!!! Food is not overly priced like the other theme parks. So happy we went. LEGO DID A GREAT JOB WITH THIS ONE.
My children are 12, 9, and 4 with my oldest being on  the cusp of almost too old for LEGOLAND, but she still enjoys it for entertainment and amusement park purposes. All my children love LEGOs and they enjoyed seeing the larger than life replicas of some many LEGO constructions.   There were many rides that were perfect for my little four year old, although the Water Park had height restrictions for many of the water slides that he is used to sliding down at Adventure Island. Most of the rides have a LEGO play spot and for the rides my son had to pass on due to height restrictions, he quite happily played while he waited for his sisters to exit the ride. As a mom that tries to save money, I loved that we could bring in outside food. Small coolers are permitted, so pack a lunch and make the most of your LEGOLAND visit. Save the money you don't spend at lunch for the gift shop. :-)
As others have noted, Legoland is oriented toward the under-12 set and parents.  As the mom of a 9 year old boy, I liked Legoland.  Even my 13 year daughter enjoyed the park.  Others in our group did not enjoy Legoland, and in fact the grandparents wished they hadn't come at all.  Here is my summary of the pros and coins of leogoland. Pros: It is perfect for families with young children.  There was virtually no waiting in line for any of the rides, (which I did not realize the value of until after I went to the Magic Kingdom later in the trip!)  It's fairly compact, so the walking was not too bad.  The "Mini City" was very cool for young and old alike.  And the water park is a great place to head to once you're all hot and sweaty from running around the main park.  Also, you can bring in your own food, which is great!!  I wish I had known this before going there, because as you will see below, one of the cons was that the food options in Legoland were not good.  Nevertheless, it's good to know you can BYOF, which is strictly prohibited in the Disney parks. Cons:  It's expensive.  Most in our group thought it was overly expensive for what you get.  We managed to get our tickets down to $72 (including waterpark, which costs extra, which is one of the cons), but I think the regular price was somewhere in the 80's, which is close to what you pay for the Disney parks. Even the drinks and Icee's were way high...an Icee in a commemorative cup was $8.50, I believe, and it was so hot out that I ended up just buying them for the kids, but felt that it was a rip-off.  And as I mentioned above, there are few and not-so-great food choices in the park, so you should definitely bring a picnic! I doubt I will be going back to Legoland, as my youngest is almost too old for it now, but again, I do feel that it is a good option for those with young children...they will have a great time, and the lack of long lines will make it okay for parents as well.
We have a 4 year old who loves Legos, and a 40 something dad that does too. After looking at a number of theme parks online, we narrowed our choices down to Legoland and a water park (we've been to Disney before). Think about the Lego brand and all its possibilities. And then prepare to be disappointed. Dirty, outdated facilities, limited tree cover, long lines, and pretty much the worst food we have ever had at any park. I really think this park does a disservice to the Lego brand. Yes, the Lego stuff is cool, but that's about it. If Lego is lending its brand to someone else, get out of the contact. If Lego is trying to run a theme park on its own, you are in the wrong industry. Do what you do well. It's not this!
After purchasing tickets online, flying from New York to Florida, rent a car and drive one hour and twenty minutes, get there to Lego land and find out that they close on Tuesday and Wednesday. Call back customer service to get a refund they said it will take up to 6 weeks to get it. Horrible service horrible company, never go back, I'll make sure that I tell everyone I know not to go.
Loved taking the kids to Lego Land! The single day pass is more expensive than I thought but the annual pass is a great deal. The rides are perfect for my 5 and 8 yr old kids. They loved the water ski show and and the Lego characters that were walking around! The Lego movie that came out this year no doubt added to the excitement of coming here but I was very pleased with the overall park and how much there was to do.
We went on a recent trip to Orlando. I purchased tickets for $50 each from Costco, which seemed like the best deal I could find. My 7 & 9 yr old love Legos and have been asking to go to Legoland. We had a great time at the park. It was very clean, getting around the park is easy. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The kids enjoyed the shows. We ate lunch at the park and it was what you would expect at an amusement park. I really have nothing bad to say, we really enjoyed the day and the kids have already said they would like to go  back.
Absolutely great for families with younger kids! We bought annual passes for our family of four, my wife and i and our 4 and 6 year olds. It has been just about perfect for our family. Lines: the longest we waited for a ride in either the main park or the water park was maybe 30 minutes and even on memorial day weekend. both the main park and the water park have maximum attendence limits and during memorial day weekend, the water park reached its max limit. even then, the water park wasn't too bad, not too busy. in the main park, there are spots where the kids can play with lego blocks while the adults wait in line. Height restrictions: In the main park, a number of rides do not have height restrictions and those that do have height restrictions, the majority are 36-40 inches, the tallest i saw is 44 inches. Certainly, my 4 and 6 year olds could ride on any ride in the main park and all but one water slide in the water park. Rides/attractions: the rides are aimed at younger children and are therefore not super-fast thrill rides. they have 4 main rollercoasters, a nice boat ride in Chima, a number of other sorta flat rides like the driving and boating schools. they have two nice splash zones in the main park in the duplo land and chima land. the playgrounds in Lego Kingdom and Lands of Adventure are very nice. Staff: the staff are ok. i don't remember ever being particularly dissappointed or impressed by any staff at the park. no, they are not as high quality as Disney World but it certainly didn't interfere with our time. Grounds: like the staff, it is ok. no big problems except maybe the liter in the Island in the Sky pool area. it is true the rides close if there are thunderstorms in the area. Keep in mind, Walt Disney World does the very same thing. for my family, we found there is too much to do at Legoland in one day. you could probably do everything once if you rush in two days. we have gone for two full weekends at a leisurely pace (i think we rode the Technic rollercoaster 5 times in a row on Memorial Day) and still haven't quite seen everything. Food and Lodging in the surrounding area of Winter Haven/Lake Wales is limited. We have stayed at the Holliday Inn Express in Lake Wales which is like any other corporate place and a bit far away but fine except a bit on the pricey end for what you get and the Lake Roy Beach Inn which was very close (could almost see the rides) but not glitzy by any means. in the end, we are glad we bought the annual passes. my kids ask about when we will go back. we will go two or three more times. Thank you, Legoland!
The first thing you have to understand is that Lego land is geared towards the happiness of children, not adults. If you are 25 years old and looking for rollercoaster's for you and your 25 year old friends, go somewhere else. Lego land is built in the old Cypress Gardens Park, so the landscaping is quite beautiful. There are many aspects of that park still in operation such as water ski attractions. So, what do you need to know about this park? Here is the Bad: Boxed Legos are the same price as any local store, kids need to be 42" tall to ride most big rides (think 4 years old), and outdoor rides shut down if lightning is within 10 miles (to the horizon).  This includes the water park portion. Here is the Good: The rides are Kid centric (a three year old can get a drivers license and really drive lego cars). Kids over 42" can ride with an adult! If your kids hate waiting there are Duplo Blocks in every line for kids to play with while a parent waits in line. In fact there are open stock Legos in most stores for kids to play with. Hints and tips: Bring your own food. You can buy food in the park and it's pretty good, but it's kind of expensive. Get there early. Park opens at 10 am. Water park opens at 10:30 am. Florida weather=rainy afternoons=shut down coasters. We ride the boats first because that line gets impossible 30 minutes after open. Summer camps are there on Thursday and Friday. Plan accordingly. Right now Florida residents get $10 off of $20 or more at the pick a brick shop. Plan your day around the sunny mornings, and be ready to do indoor stuff if it rains. There are capacity limits on indoor things, so if you expect rain go into the Build and Test (car building) or Warner Bros Game Zone before the lines start. Also don't underestimate Duplo village. Its super great for smaller kids! My 7yo even has fun there.
So half way thru our day here I was leaning towards a 3 star review. the park was kinda dingy and the employees were mediocre but the theme was solid. however after being here for 5 hrs and all the rides closing one by one because they expected rain yes you heard right no it was not raining they just thought it might. When we approached customer service about the fact that we were displeased with only having gone on 2 rides they offered to upgrade us to another day for $15 each, which was the going rate for a second day ANYWAYS. Garbage, rude customer service. Useless and asinine. We will not be back. I would hazard anyone against spending money here as it most likely will be a waste for you and your family as it rains most every day in central Florida and they close the park at the weathermans whom. My 8 year old who lives and breathes legos said that it was about $10 worth of fun. Thumbs way down.
Honestly....Not bad, better for younger kids and non extreme riders. My son isn't a big ride person and he said it was the best day ever. We were surprised! Order your tickets 48 hours in advance to get a discount. The day before was full Price. Pay the extra $6 to park right up front, total $20 to park. We parked right next to the handicapped spots. Lunch was affordable we paid $30 for a family meal with drinks, fries and chicken. Water park lockers are all day $7 and you can open and close them as needed. I would have went there first to unload. Bring towels put them in the lockers.
We had an awesome time at Legoland this week! We bought etickets through Costco ($50 each!) and it was super easy to print them and get into the park. We were able to ride everything with our three year old except for two of the roller coasters but it was fine - the rides were perfect for him. We stayed almost the entire day and had so much fun. As a side note, EVERY single employee we encountered was nice and happy and genuinely trying to make sure visitors we having a good time. Thank you!
Let me start this review by letting you know that I am a HUGE Disney fan.  I love everything Disney puts out because they are just...perfect.  So I was pretty surprised when my daughter decided she wanted to visit Legoland this summer.  I was surprised because she doesn't even play with Legos!  The one Lego set she has she converted into an obstacle course for her hamster (go figure).  But what my kid wants, my kid gets so I purchased our tickets to Legoland.   THE PARK:  I was really surprised by how big this park is.  I was expecting something much smaller but was pleasantly surprised by how spacious it is.  Not the cleanest park but it was ok.  Legoland can be easily compare to a county fair.   THE STAFF:  Yup, this is definitely not Disney.  The staff was pretty terrible.  I understand that it's really hot in June and that nobody wants to be working out in the heat but they shouldn't look so miserable! THE RIDES:  Lame.  This park is great for kids 4-12.  Any kids older than that will be bored quick.  The only ride that was enjoyable was the Coastersaurus...right until the part where it ended and the conductor kept hitting the breaks really hard and all the riders were forced forward into the pole holding you down.  VERY PAINFUL.  My daughter loved the "Driving School" though the entire driving experience was 2 minutes (I filmed it).  Should be longer than that! Overall, I was truly miserable at this park.  So when the gods (the new and the old for you GoT fans) answered my prayers and sent down a thunderstorm I was completely thankful for the miracle that is rain.  All the rides shut down and we had no other choice but to leave the park early (boohoo).  I'll probably never go to this park again and I'm glad my daughter got it out of her system.
We had blast at legoland!!!  We went there for my son's 5th birthday. We enjoyed everything. Did I said we? My husband and my son loved all the roller coaster rides. And I loved because there was almost no wait. I can go on and on about all the good stuff they have. But you just have to go and experience yourself. Perfect park for kids 4-12. Amazon local(be sure you look under city Orlando) have buy one get one free ticket. Also living social Orlando have adult ticket for $62. I hope they will stay for a little while;)
We are extremely unhappy. We made reservations online for this hotel and Legoland, add had confirmation numbers. They still lost our reservation and made us wait over an hour to get in the park while we sat in the sun. Do not buy your tickets online. The park is great though.
Came here last summer on our way back home. We took our son and enjoyed. My son LOVES Legoos so everything was pretty awesome for him to see.The roller coasters are not intese such as other amusement parks but they were fun. You have to be a big fan of Leggos to appreciate this stuff. The art and time in putting these leggos together is outrageous and creative. We enjoyed everything. The drive to get to Legoland sucks! We stayed in Orlando and it took us about 45min to get here. They have other hotels near Legoland but not a variety such as Orlando. It's in a small town but filled with friendly people. The food was not so good and expensive. But you kind of expect that in the parks. You can find some good deals on their website for their tickets but we already had a good deal going on. FYI, military are free :)
I was pleasantly surprised!  I was able to get an adult ticket for $30 via one of the couponing sites.  I will start with the place is incredibly clean, much cleaner than the Disney parks..  There are tons of rides and attractions, most are outside.  The mini city was very very cool.  As an adult I enjoyed the ski show, Gardens & the 4d movie.  It's probably best for kids 10 & under.
Truly the biggest waste of money in Florida. If I would have reviewed Legoland when we first went two year ago, I would have given it four stars. As of now, it's almost a complete waste of time and money. There has been no improvement since it's opening. The only markable difference is the increase in ticket prices and the deterioration of facilities. The park is only open until 5pm which makes the ability to not only see everything, but ride the rides, almost impossible due to how grossly understaffed it is, and how often the rides broke down. Which was actually and uncomfortable amount. We tried to get a refund for our family of five after only being able to ride five rides during our 12 hour stay, but have been ignored. What a complete disappointment from something that had so much potential. Note our children are aged 4,6,7- within the demographic of this park.
Lego land is perfect if you're in the range between 4 and 14. Otherwise, you will get bored quick. We started our day with "Breakfast with the Characters" where the kids get to meet Lego characters (costumed employees) and enjoyed breakfast and a headstart on the park. If you're visiting on a Sunday, I recommend getting this package as food in the park is not all that cheap. Plus, why waste time and money getting food when you can spend that time on rides and money on toys? The park is fairly small and can be covered in about a day and a half. In one day, you can hit all the rides, but won't have time for the shows. If you want the rides, shows, and pictures with characters, you will need to days.  If you're planning a trip for a group of teens, don't bother looking here, the kids will lose interest very quickly. Overall, I enjoyed this park because my 5 year old son was very engaged, leaving me alone. Unlike other parks where it's constantly, "I'm tired. I wanna go home."
We had a blast! mainly for my step grand son a little disappointing that it was 77$ for a 4 year old that couldn't ride half the rides because he was only 35 inches ... I would go again after he gets a little taller but I think he would have had just as much fun in a sprinkler on our lawn ... The displays were incredible the time and effort to build them wow ... I think we had more enjoyment with that that the little one but that's ok a memory I have forever.
Yuck. Compared to every other theme park in this area, Legoland is so not worth the $$$$
We had a group of 8, but got rained out after one and a half hours of play.  The park was willing to reissue the tickets which would be valit for one year.  They were very nice about it, even though they had no control over the weather.
My kids really wanted to come here after seeing the Lego movie even I was looking forward to it. I had gone with my oldest to Lego Land in San Diego, CA years ago and we had a blast. Based on this visit I am very disappointed with the money I spent and just the overall experience. This definitely is not Disney, while the park is maintained it has a old run down feeling to it, the staff is horrible, not trained in customer service at all, lines are long but that's expected at any theme park in Florida. The biggest issue I have is the lack of caring from any employee that I interacted with, while we won't make it through the whole park today I can safely say we will not be back any time soon.
Having read prior reviews, I went to Legoland with very low expectations. Maybe that's why I had such a great time, or maybe it's that I'm getting old -- or maybe, just maybe, it really is a fun place. I went with my mother, husband, 3-year-old daughter and my 9 and 11-year-old cousins. We all enjoyed ourselves. Now, if you are a thrill seeker of the Cedar Point variety, then obviously this park is not for you. If you're a 30-something with kids, then yes, you will have fun and so will the kids. Some issues with the park bugged me, though. Mostly, just the inefficient way in which some of the "model citizens" loaded the rides. I think they should make single riders ride together when there's a 60-minute wait, instead of letting two single riders take up two whole rows on the roller coasters. Also, a worker on the flight training ride wasn't even staging riders at the gates until after the previous riders had exited. That was the most annoying. The roller coasters weren't the most amazing ones I've ever experienced, but they weren't little carnie rides, as some described. Having been to all the parks in Florida several times, this one was a nice change. I really appreciate that they let you bring snacks and beverages, and they let you re-enter. I absolutely loved that they saved the banyan tree, which is like the tree in the movie Avatar that the avatars attached their hair to. The tree is magnificent. Also, it's a nice to walk through the gardens for a break from the overstimulation of the rides, screams and bright, primary colors. There are nice shady spots to cool off, relax and even picnic. We saw alligators and a snake in the water in the gardens. The pirate show was fantastic. It was fun, didn't take itself too seriously, and the acrobatics they did on water skis was quite impressive. And down in the front, there are spots for the kids to shoot water at the pirates, which brings me to another point: participation. Legoland seems to have really tried to incorporate rider/kid participation in many of the rides. Our whole family really enjoyed the ride where you have to pump a lever to move the police or fire trucks, jump out and shoot water at the "fire," and then pump to race back to the beginning. It was really fun for all ages. There are other tides like that, too, where you shoot water cannons and water guns at other boats, or kids can push buttons to set off a water fountain, etc. One of the prior reviews said it was a small park. We got there at 10 and didn't leave until after 6, and, still, we didn't get to ride everything. I definitely wouldn't describe the park as small. I'm planning to upgrade to the annual pass. I really had that much fun. And more rides and sections of the park are opening next month!
Very cool. This is our third time here and I'm sure not last time. Kids are 6 and 7.5 and love it each time. There is more to do as they get older too. There are the standard amusement park things but the lego materials make the difference. The crowds are better than Disney and those, and this maybe due to the distance away from the other places. We stay in Tampa and drive - it's about 90 min.
This is my review of lego land Florida. I was surprised with this park. The staff was helpful and always with a smile. The park was clean and well laid out. The wait times for rides was short. But the actual rides were short also. The park is designed for kids. My 10yr was almost too big for some rides. While I was surprised to pay almost $200 for a day pas for 4 people. It made it a little easier that they offered a discount rate for the next day ( mind you it was still $130 for 4 ). Food is moderately priced for non disney. And the quality I the food was good. Salads were fresh and sandwiches seem to be made the same day. While I wouldn't plan a whole week her. Two days was enough. They are building a hotel or summer  2015.
