They had the sexiest gorillas I've ever seen. We went late January which was right in the middle of a cold spell... so many of the animals were hiding because it was "too cold" (according to all the helpful grad students hanging around each exhibit). Dinosaur ride broke down on us... right on the big climax too.  Maybe they were too cold? My wife got pooped on by a bird in the aviary.  Cleaned out really easy though... those birds have such healthy diets! This park is definitely gorgeous... nice to be in a Disney amusement park that doesn't feel artificial and contrived.
By far my favorite park at disney world. Beautiful layout, great food, and excellent attractions. what more can you ask for? Everest was better than i expected and dinosaurs was another great e ticket attraction.
Travel to an African Safari without leaving U.S.A.! The landscaping is great and very lush.  Safari Village is where Kilimanjaro Safari, the main attraction of all Animal Kingdom.  The best time of day for the Kilimanjaro Safari is in the morning as all the animals were awake which visitors are able to freely snap some amazing pictures of wildebeest, giraffes, elephants, cheetah, and lions.  FYI.  The vehicle has no fence or rail to block animals from visitors as they freely roam the entire park. In Asia the Kali River Rapids ride, there are plastic covers in the center of the boat for safe keeping a dry storage, because if not for that, visitors' personal belongings would be damaged especially cameras!  The ride was fun but short.  I loved the misty forest as you go up the lift hill.  The geyser at the top got us after the boat went over it.  I like these rides that have a storyline, unlike your typical amusement park rides.  It puts Disney a step above competitor amusement parks.  FYI, visitors will be completely drenched on Kali River Rapids! In Safari Village is the gargantuan Tree Of Life which inside has a 3D movie: "It's Tough To Be A Bug." Along the entrance path of Tree of Life visitors will be most intrigued and able for a close-up detail of the animals carved into the Tree of Life.  The detail for the creation of the carvings is unbelievable. The 3D show was great!  I loved the extra effects like the smoke, water, and getting poked by the seat.  Though I'll admit, the poke in the back somewhat hurt. The Maharajah Jungle Trek which the scenery was great, though by late in the afternoon the tigers and komodo dragons were all taking an afternoon nap.  The Malaysian bats were creepy.  The Conservation Station wasn't anything intriguing as a little boring there.  Animal Kingdom needs a few more activities as my former love and I toured all the essential stuff in approx. six hours as most of the land are occupied by animals. N.B.  These visit were both in the 2000 and 2004 era, which this review is entirely based on.
Best Disney park to date. Don't miss the Safari! It is unbelievable.
Last summer was my first visit to Animal Kingdom and I was underwhelmed to say the least. I guess I had high expectations since it's a Disney park, much less Walt Disney World. I probably would've loved this place when I was younger and much more interested in animals. The Kilimanjaro Safari is as close to an African safari as you're gonna get without being in Africa. The Bug's Life was a breath of fresh air... well, more like a vacation from the hot and humid Florida weather. This was also the case with the Finding Nemo musical. Any oppportunity to sit down indoors with AC is always welcomed. Dinosaur was very reminiscent of Indiana Jones in Disneyland - a very bumpy adventure in a jeep. Expedition Everest was the highlight of this park. If you wait until near closing, you'll most likely be able to get several rounds on EE without the huge line.
We were pleasantly surprised by this nice little park. It had a laid back and less hectic feel. The Expedition Everest roller coaster was fun (try out the Single Rider line to get on really quick), but the hit of the day was DINOSAUR! Much more active and fun than you would guess, maybe a bit scary for kids. The Safari was great, we were given advice to get there early in the morning, so we did, and saw lots of active animals. This is a good park for a day when you only have about 6-8 hours, because there is not quite as much to do. It's worth a trip though, especially if it's part of a package deal.
I came here late in the afternoon after my family had spent most of the day here. Again, this park serves beer, which helps make it more palatable to grown ups. There were more rides here than in EPCOT, but I'm not sure I really like the fact that the Matterhorn has been transmogrified into Mount Everest.  Mount Everest is cool and they did the ride nicely, but Disney = Matterhorn.  Now, I don't like that you go backwards for a portion of the ride, but they really make you feel like you are in a base camp in Nepal. I didn't get to see any animals because they were all asleep by the time I got there. My wife and kids went on the Kali River rapids like 5 or 6 times. There was another lady there waiting with me - we chatted and I found out her family went 9 times.  I didn't want to get wet and cold since it was already 9pm. It was a nice park, up to Disney standards, but I'm not so into the animal part.   I want princesses and giant chipmunks.  Oh, and mermaids because they go topless!
It's Disney's sixth ranked theme park - after the two water pars and only slightly ahead of DisneyQuest. In the summer be prepared to have your nostrils assaulted by the smell of guano as you enter the gate. A lot of walking for moderate payoff. Meh.
I went during the summer when it rained practically every day starting in the early afternoon and going into the night. Seemed like once the dark, looming clouds started letting loose a slight drizzle, everything in the park shut down. Most of the fun to be had at that point was posing with the various rickshaws piled high with international stuffs, placed around the park. Earlier that morning, while trying to figure out which Disney park we had wanted to see that day, we asked the waitress at the hotel diner which park was easier to walk as she brought us our meals. She said Animal Kingdom, as you could pretty much see everything in a couple hours. I'm inclined to agree.
Animal Kingdom is really fun! We loved Expedition Everest, but make sure to sit in the back, you see more. If you go on the day the park opens early, we were able to ride it several times in a row. We did the safari and that was great but when a giraffe stands in the middle of the road so you can't go, its gets pretty hot in the jeep. We went in the afternoon and were still able to see lots of animals. The bbq place here is the best! Yummy! We also loved Bugs Life, it was a 3-d movie with extras, we loved it. Gets a little scary for small ones but great overall!
The safari was AWESOME. other than that I'd rather have my teeth pulled.  Too crowded. No Place To sit. baby center is waaaay towards the front of the park. The rides stunk. You had to walk forever to get anywhere and the lines were ridiculous.  Dino land was pretty cool for young kids. Lines are not proportionate to length or fun of ride.
It's basically a zoo with extraordinary backdrops. Well worth the time and money.
I LOVE Disney and going to zoos. So when I went to Animal Kingdom for the first time I was soooooo excited! This place is AMAZING. There was a safari that took us out on a tour to see wildlife animals and we were really up close to them! I love taking pictures so I got some pretty good shots! I went during the summer so it was SO SO SO HOT. Thank goodness there were so many trees that gave shade! I'm not a roller coaster fan but I did go on one in Asia... it was quite the ride! It was really fast and also goes backwards but it was pretty short. Still - pretty thrilling! There were other rides and shows that I wanted to go to but time did not permit us to do so! Next time I go I'll go from 9-6! Oh, and the park closes at 6-7 to the public - it opens until 9 PM for the resort guests.
Animal Kingdom is the most recent of Disney Parks. Its inconic landmark is the tree of life which has amazingly sculpted detailed artwork on it. There are some great rides here such as Expedition Everest, Kilamangaro Safaris and the new Finding Nemo ride. This park is also educational and provides information on recycling and the environment. There is also a petting zoo for younger children.
A Great theme park experience brought to you by Disney!!  This park made you feel like you was out in the Lion King jungle.  PREPARE TO WALK because my feet and shins hurt so badly that I need some type of therapy ASAP. The Tree of Life was unbelievable!!!  It was HUGE! The Lion King show was magnificent you have to take your kids to see this. I did not like the fact of not many places to eat.  The fast food spots were limited. The lines did affect my decision on entering the rides.  Some were 70 minutes long and when its hot out, I doubt many want to even consider waiting. The Dinosaur ride was cool tho.  A/C while waiting in line. The Park opens early and closes the earliest, so plan ahead.
We enjoyed animal kingdom and found some of the rides really good. The safari is very enjoyable but we found the tree of life a bit twee. The new Finding Nemo ride was very good and we would have gone on Expedition Everest again if the queues had not been so long! The shows were equally fun - the Lion King was spectacular and the humorous It's Tough to be a Bug was funny with some unexpected surprises! The shops, although expensive as always, had some interesting items and the food was good, especially at the Rainforest Café. Not our best theme park, but well worth going.
Fun experience for this first time adventure. The staff are very friendly. Couldn't go on quite a few rides because of my five year old due to his age. The rides we did were great. Loved the river rapids, the safari, and a pretty quick wait time to meet and get pics with Minnie and Mickey which he loved. The Finding Nemo musical I thought would be a cheesy snooze fest with everything being performed by puppeteers but was shocked at the show they put on. It was really an amazing show for all ages. Wait times weren't bad at all but there are very few fast pass rides, so make sure you use them for the three most popular rides. Looks like an area is also under construction for a new attraction. The train ride was also ok, but needs more stuff to see along the route, and longer trips. Overall was a pretty darn good experience and better than Disney Hollywood studios, but not quite as good as magic kingdom.
My 2nd favorite park at Walt Disney World.
Possibly the greatest coaster in Disney.  I agree with the others that the Matterhorn in Disneyland influenced the development of Expedition Everest in Disney World.  I would go the distance to say that it can be defined as "the Matterhorn on crack".   As a general statement and summary about the parks at large, The Disneyland Resort is to Walt Disney World as the Matterhorn is to Expedition Everest.  What I mean by that is that Disneyland more of the classic/retro Disney experience.  Most of the classic rides / original Disney attractions are either directly or indirectly preserved at Disneyland.  Like, Mr. Toad's wild ride, for example.  Or the Submarine voyage (now Little Nemo's Submarine Voyage.)  Or the Tiki Room.  However, Walt Disney World has, and probably always will, represent the "state of the art" of amusement parks. I'm a Disney junkie because I love the arts and I love technology.  Disney parks are a fine example of that.  Expedition Everest is a shining example of that. A few pointers on Expedition Everest: -Fastpass works pretty well on this attraction.  If the wait is insane, it's a good bet. -The single rider line works pretty well as well. -The line area is very well themed. -This is nerdy, but:  The lift hill on the coaster is possibly the best lift hill I've ever experienced in a coaster. In fact, all in all, it's the most unique, best-themed coaster I've ever been on.  (Counting from memory, I think I've been on about 79 unique roller coasters in my life.) I know the kids are scared, but make 'em go if possible.  This is a "don't miss." (WARNING:  SPOILERS ahoy) For those that may have missed it, as they don't always have the Yeti lit up at the end (from what I understand, jerks like to try and grab it, and break it) if this motherf**ker didn't scare the s**t out of you at the end: cryptomundo.com/wp-conte… Yes, you really think it is going to get you. Then you didn't get to fully experience the ride.  (Thank the jerks referenced above.)  Though, it's still a pretty awesome ride, even without the Yeti. (END of SPOILERS) Fun Fact:  You'll notice that Expedition Everest is about the same height as the tower of terror.  (Actually, 199.5').  If it was one foot taller, it would have to have a flashing light on the peak.  Again, the disney Imagineers thought of everything...
We loved the safari and the Bugs Life show.  The Denali ride was fun but I don't think I will that again.
A more low key Disney park, but still 5-star quality for me. Kilimanjaro Safari is the main attraction, and you should make it the very first thing you see. This is your best chance for a shorter wait, especially if you are at the entrance when they open the park.  From the entrance, you will have a long walk to the back left side of the park. Without giving up any secrets and spoiling your fun, I can tell you that this is a very informative and fun tour. It is very well done. Jambo! The safari does a great job of getting you in the right frame of mind for the rest of the day. This park is more about timing shows than about running from ride to ride. I suggest figuring out early what your game plan is. Look at the shows that are offered the fewest times, and see those first. I find all of the productions to be of very high quality, but the one I feel trumps them all, is Lion King. This is an absolute, not to be missed, SPETACULAR! Absolutely so much fun for every age. I could go on about this park's many great attractions, but I really think that in this case, one is better off knowing less about a place for the experience to be enjoyed more. Animal Kingdom has longer attractions than the other parks, and because of this, there is less running around. The slower (slower, not slow) pace is pretty nice.
Not as many rides as Magic Kingdom, but they do have a few good ones. Would go back, but probably the third best of the four Disney parks in the area.
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 4/31 HC had been wanting to go to this theme park once he found out we were heading to Orlando.  He loves animals and was really looking forward to seeing everything. Out of all the Disney theme parks in Orlando, this one seems to have the least amount of "covering" for the queues.  I realize that this is to help promote the authenticity of being in the "jungle." We headed to the Kilimanjaro Safari first and were able to get on to our tram in about 20 minutes.  We actually had to stop our tram because a giraffe was crossing.  I got some good pictures of him next to our tram.  We were also able to see the baby elephant, a lioness, and a few other animals.  I had heard there used to be some kind of storyline before, but there didn't seem to be one this time around.  We also went through the 2 walking trails in Africa and Asia.  I thought the one Africa was more interesting.  I didn't care too much for the Rafiki's Planet Watch area.  There wasn't much too see and the only animals in the Affection Section were goats. IMO, Expedition Everest was the best ride in the park!  We rode it 3 times when we were there.  I thought the exhibit that the queue went through was really interesting and I would have liked to read more of what they had, but we whizzed through that area pretty quickly. We were to experience all the attractions and two of the shows.  I wanted to watch the Flights of Wonder, but we missed all of the showings.  Loved the Finding Nemo Musical.  I was singing "It's a Blue, Blue World" for the rest of the day.  The puppets were really neat and I liked how they recreated the scenes.  Highly recommended! We also saw The Festival of the Lion King.  I liked the different floats and I thought all the performers were awesome.  Kids will have a blast since they may get picked to go down during the finale.  I thought this show was okay, but wouldn't go out of my way to watch it again. Overall, I think the Animal Kingdom was a great place to visit and I'd be willing to visit again if we were to come back to Orlando.
by far the best zoo/theme park in the entire world definatly go there it has everything it is just soo good... its so good im a bit speechless.watch the video of kilomanjaro safaris Video link: youtube.com/watch?v=GV3B…
This park was a lot of fun. The rides were fun but the Safari was the best part. They really do a great job of making it feel like you're on a real safari. The staff seems to be very educated on the animals that are there. It was cool learning how hippos can hold their breath for 8 minutes and watching them swim under water with the exotic fish. My 12 y/o son loved it and I imagism most kids would. This is one if the parks you should visit while at Disney
This Disney theme park turned 10 in April. This park is incredible! Kilamanjaro Safaris takes you on a breathtaking safari through Africa, whilst in Expedition Everest you are trying to escape the yeti! Plan to spend a whole day here (this parks hours are not as long as the others, only about 9-6pm each day). Definitely see the parade (usually at 4pm), and remember to use FastPass to avoid queueing. Some of my favourite attractions include Dinosaur, Finding Nemo: The Musical and the 3-D film It's Tough to be a bug. I would recommend having a character breakfast at Tusker House.
Everyone I've spoken to (except Yelpers of course) have talked badly about the Animal Kingdom. WHY!?!?!?!?  They say it's a $70 high quality zoo. Well, I guess it sorta is. But it's a $70 zoo with dope rides, a safari thing with no fences, animals that are taken care of with efforts to preserve their lives... It's amazing! I love this place! I can't wait to go back!!
This is my least Fav park in Disney World but it does have a few of the best rides. The new Everest ride is really good and so the Dinosar ride, which is a type of Rollorcoaster which is set inside, the ride throws you left and right,up and down and its all in the dark.
Animal Kingdom would get 5 Stars if it didn't close at 6pm and if it had a night show. The Finding Nemo show is incredible and our 5 year old loves it.  He is enthralled every single time we watch it.  Expedition Everest is amazing!  The Kali River Rapids is so much fun, especially on a hot day.   I understand that they need to put the animals away, but I always feel slightly ripped off, only spending from 9-6pm at the Animal Kingdom.  If we could spend more time or if they had a night show, this would easily be 5 Stars.  We love it, nonetheless, but we can't find enough to do for more than 1 day. It always seems to be the hottest park, for some reason.  When it is 90 degrees, this park feels hotter.  Just something we have noticed in our many trips here.
Does suffer from a lack of good rides but its worth going to just to go on expedition everest alone. Offers a great chance to get up close to alot of fascinating animals too and theres plenty of great food and drink outlets around the park. Would definately suggest fast passing the everest ride if you go as its que is by far the largest of any of the rides in the park. Also beware if going in the height of the summer as the lack of indoor attractions here mean your out in the sun for longer than in the other parks.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is by far my FAVORITE Disney theme park down here in Orlando!  It is a lot different than the other Disney Parks.  As you enter the park you are greeted by a lush grotto instead of gift shops, and treated to cute and natural looking animal enclosures. As you make your way into this park you will be greeted by the Tree of Life on Discovery Island!  This is where you will be able to pick which area of Animal Kingdom you wish to visit! I want to focus mainly on the shows because that is where I fell this park really shines! If you go to Camp Minnie-Mickey you will be able to see the BEST show on Walt Disney World property the Festival of the Lion King!  This show is shown in a theatre in the round setting, and offers an upclose an intimate experince that is sure to thrill and delight people of all ages! The next show is in Dinoland USA, and has been playing to rave reviews since it opened in late 2005 that is Finding Nemo the Musical!  It replaced the extreme high energy Tarzan Rocks, and I personally was unsure of it at first, as Finding Nemo the movie was not a musical.   Sufice it to say that the score is beautiful and they move the story along quite swiftly and manage to dazzle and entertain everyone! What it comes down to, is Animal Kingdom is an awesome and amazing experience!
Ok this park was my least favourite of the Disney Parks. Its still good for a visit and the Safari tour was really good. On the tour you get to see Rhinos, lions, hippos, elephants and zebras. If you plan to to this park i recommend going early in the morning as it tends to be less busy and if the day is hot there is not much respite. The queue for the tour winds its way through a tropical forest so it is very humid and kids tend to get cranky. That aside the tour guide was fantastic and you actually start to believe that you are driving through central Africa. If you are luck enough the Rhino will walk right up to the truck. The collapsed bridge feature was hilarious and the kids loved the idea of ending up in the water with the crocodiles!! Apart from the Safari i found the rest of the park was aimed at the younger kids in our party, the dinosaur zone was a bit of a disappointment and the fun fare was just another excuse to part us from our money!! Watch out for characters from the Jungle book, Tarzan and Winnie the Pooh, as well as the usual characters dressed for Safari. All in all spend the morning on the Safari and then head for another park.
This was one of the 2 parks i visited from Disneyworld. i went on xmas day wknd.  Beautiful sunny weather, but think twice about packing skimpy light clothes. =P  yes, clear blue skies, BUT...we were freezing our butts off!  thick jacket, scarves, beanie, and gloves are definitely recommended as this time of year!  the weather was trickery.  being from cali...we were definitely NOT prepared. =X anyway, this park is one of more of the quiet ones says the window ticket guy.  it also closes earlier than the rest too.   id say, it was a different experience.  if you love animals, then this is the place for you.  i enjoyed the safari ride.  also, loved walking through all the trails to see all the monkies and what not.   GREAT DETAIL on the park.  kinda had the feel that i i was in asia.  the huge big tree was pretty cool! if you are here for the rides, dont expect anything too thrilling.  it's more of a sight seeing environment.   i did, however, love their EXPEDITION EVEREST roller coster!  not your most predictable ride. =P the shows are pretty amazing!  alot of effort and detail to keep us entertained. we finished this park fairly quick, so this could be squeezed in with another park maybe.
4.5 stars. The Safari is definitely the highlight of this park. There are so many things to see and it's never the same experience twice. Expedition Everest is one of my favorite coasters in the world and DINOSAUR is like the toned down version of Indiana Jones in California which is great. They also have some smaller rides like Primeval Whirl, It's Tough to be a Bug and many more.
I had planned on knocking out Animal Kingdom in a day and focusing on the other "more interesting parks" during out two week WDW vacation.  Well I under estimated by about a day.  On our first day we started late because we needed breakfast and decided to eat at Boma.  More on that in my Boma review...but this made us arrive around 11:30 ish.  Most of the lines were long by then.  Oh well lets get done what we can... As with all of my Major park reviews I will just give a few pass/must sees.. Must see....Best Gosh Darn Show in all of my Disney experience!! Finding Nemo - The Musical!!  You can't miss with this show.  I've heard a few negatives on this but really, if you enjoy a good stage musical this one will make you feel like you just stole your admission into the park. Pass...Affection station.   Unless your kids have never ever been to a petting zoo, just pass on this stinky hot mess. Must see....Dinosaur!  This ride is based on the Indy ride at Disneyland and it works better.  Amazing how different rides on different coasts have huge lines while others are totally open! Pass.....unless the line is short.  Kali River Rapids.  Sorry but I've taken pees that have been longer than this water ride.  The walk up seemed pretty cool but this is not worth waiting an hour for.  It's not even worth waiting 20 minutes for.  We actually came back one morning just to get this one under our belt before checking off this park completely.  And I was totally disappointed.  Thankfully it was a walk on line...and then...we rounded and walked right back on again.  Only then was it really worth it.  Waaaay too short. Must see....Safaris.  Just cool and fun.  I think we may have lucked out to get as many animals as we did...but Disney really does a great job of immersing the guest. Pass...unless the line is short 15 minute wait tops.  Expedition Everest.   Again too much hype for a short ride. The best part of this ride was the wonderful cast member out front! Overall I could get really detailed and spend a paragraph on each ride and our experience...but really who wants to read that? This is my second favorite park in WDW.
We enjoyed the Animal Kingdom- our favs were Everest roller coaster, the Safari and the river ride which we got SOAKED on. Lots of characters here- we almost filled our autograph book
Just because it carries a Disney name does not make it up to the scale of the other Disney parks, yet still is a fun day. You can spend a half a day here and be fine. Safari tour is good, the Finding Nemo and the Festival of the Lion King are good shows. The reason why I come to this park is because of Expedition Everest. Five star ride and one of the best in the Disney parks. This is a must-ride! Kali is fun too, but you get WET! The park is shady and fun to walk around. However... There are not many rides here, the park seems unfinished, and the variety of animals is quite sparse. I find Busch Gardens Tampa to be much better in the variety of rides, and animals. If you have never been, I feel it is worth a trip, but not too much to stress over if you have to skip it.
This is my 3rd favorite place after MK and EPCOT (in that order.)   Lots of walking.  It is hot because this is the jungle after all.   First you have to go on the safari ride.  It's in the back of the park.  You may have to wait in line but it's worth it.  You load on to a safari vehicle and take off.  During the trip your driver communicates with some local game wardens (you are in Africa) who are monitoring some poachers, so keep your eyes open.  You drive through different parts of Africa: savannah, jungle, etc.  You can see elephant, giraffes, hippos, we even got right up next to an rare white rhino on our first trip (literally, my daughter could have reached out and touched it but we were told not to.)  Lions are there but they are usually asleep.   Watch out for Mickey's parade!  It comes down the street  and once it's passed you can follow it and sort of be part of it!   Don't miss It's a Bug Life.  This was a great show with lots of smells and other sensory things.  At one point the stink bug come out to talk about stink bugs and "sprays" you.  Yuck, lol.  At the end of the show is a little surprise so make sure you stay in your seats!   And definitely do Nemo.  We got front row seats after eating at Tusker House.  This is a live show with people dressed as the characters but carry larger than life puppets of the fish.  It uses puppets and lights, and all sorts of cool things to bring the movie to life.  There is acrobatics and the players run around the theater on a stage extension that runs down the middle of the building! And the Lion King.  Oh, how wonderful this is!  You walk in and when it starts your are given an animal for that section (lion, giraffe, elephant, wart hog.)  Simba iand Pumbaa are animatronic figures but the actors are dressed as different African animals.  They have acrobats, and stilt walkers, and lots and lots of music.   Our first trip my daughter got to get up and dance in the show, and did so again with her cousin on our second trip!  This is not the movie, but an excellent show! Go to Camp Minnie-Mickey (where Lion King is) and meet Goofy, and Donald, Chip and Dale, Thumper and his g/f, and of course Minnie and Mickey.  This last trip my daughter got to meet Pocahantas and was really excited!!   For eating, make reservations at the Tusker House.  It is a buffett that offers some regular food as well as some African fare.   We did go to the dinosaur area but when we found that you had to actually pay to do some of the stuff (to the disappointment of our son) we left.
3.75 I can't believe I'm giving something under 5 stars for a Disney product.  Something about this park is kind of boring.  The attention to detail is still pretty much there, but overall the only things I think worth paying admission for were the "Finding Nemo" musical, festival of the Lion King, dinosaur ride (think Indiana Jones at Disneyland), and the Everest ride.  Maybe I didn't walk around enough?  The animal tour was kind of like a zoo mixed in with the movie "Jurassic Park".  Weird.  Definitely my least favorite of all the parks in FL.
LOOOVE it! One word people:  BACKWARDS! Plus its in the dark. Best ride in Disney.
One of my favorite things about Disney World is the feeling of being completely immersed in this fictional world, feeling like you're in another place. Although it is my least favorite of the parks (which isn't saying much, as I love them all - it's pretty close to tying with Hollywood Studios anyway), I think Animal Kingdom is the best of the four parks at this immersion factor. When you're in Animal Kingdom, you feel like you're in Africa or Asia (albeit a story-tale version of these places where people wear short-sleeve shirts in Nepal and parade around in mouse ears) - and that's exactly how I want to feel! The views of Expedition Everest and the Tree of Life are just amazing from certain angles. It's amazing how they can make things look so much larger than they actually are through illusions of perspective. Okay, my Disney obsession is clearly showing. Part of what makes Animal Kingdom my least favorite park is the fact that it becomes too much of a zoo at times. Don't get me wrong, I love zoos, but if I want to go to the zoo I'll go to the Lincoln Park Zoo for free back home. I like it much better when the animals are integrated into the park and rides in unique ways. The other thing that irks me is the dinosaur/carnival type area. Obviously this is mostly geared towards kids, but it looks kind of tacky in my opinion and I feel like the space could have been put to better use. Expedition Everest is obviously the best ride here. This past visit, I think I went on it five times. The Fast Pass is your friend, even (especially) on less crowded days. The problem I have with most of the rides, though, is that I don't find a lot of them to be re-rideable. What I mean by this is that after riding it once, I don't really feel like riding it again later, not because I didn't enjoy myself, but because I don't find it particularly thrilling and already know what I'm going to see (such as Kilimanjaro Safari and Dinosaur). Unfortunately I didn't get to go on the Kali River Rapids this year, because every time we tried to get in line we were told the ride was broken down and would open later. Too bad. This is the only park that we left a couple hours before it closed, and this was after having rode Everest five times. Not to mention this was the park that was open the least amount of hours to begin with. The main problem with the park is just that there isn't quite enough to do.
Lots to do and see in this park.  Would say that this is prob the best of the Disney resorts.  Safari is definitely a highlight of this park.
The most unique and best Disney Park in Orlando, hands down...it's not even close. The rides, entertainment, surroundings and food can't be beat. Lion King - great live show filled with dancing, characters and acrobatics. They do an unbelievable job with costumes and there's enough going on to make someone with A.D.D. spin their head off. Great music and very entertaining. One of Disney's best shows. Finding Nemo - once again, great singing and costumes. I like the big Pelican on stage and they go through the story very well. Funny, yet heartfelt at the same time. With Lion King, a must see at AK. Flights of Wonder - good bird show that kind of dragged with the "tour guide" actor in the show (see it and you'll know what I mean). If it wasn't for him, it could have been better. Maybe they should have a huge bird swoop down and pick him up?! Affection Section/Express Train - train to the petting zoo and conservatory area. My wife loves animals and I prefer to eat them. I don't want to pet my dinner, so it was no big deal to me. Dinosaur - loud! A cheaper version of Indiana Jones (Disneyland). It was rocky, but all I remember is fake dinosaurs yelling in my ear. I'm not hard of hearing and I don't want to be treated like I am. Expedition Everest - currently my wife's favorite ride. A hybrid between Matterhorn, Thunder Mountain & Space Mountain BUT the hook is when you get to the top, the track is broken and you start going down backwards. I almost (ALMOST) pooped in my pants on the way down and probably was screaming like a 5 year old girl, but that's only because I don't like roller coasters. Would I go on it again? Probably not, but if my wife wanted to go, I would for her. Kali River Rapids - my favorite ride at AK. You get soaked! Not as much spinning as the Bigfoot Rapids at CA Adventure, but many places where you get splashed. I looked like I went to Typhoon Lagoon after we got off. A fun water ride that I would run to when the park opens. Safari - this is the one everyone lines up for or gets a fast pass when the park opens. It really matters when you go on this tour. Anytime after 3 PM and you'll see nothing. This is where you'll really see the diversity and uniqueness of this park. A safari where you get pretty close to nature and quite long too. Sometimes there are animals crossing the paths and you have to stop or go around them. A very cool attraction at the park. Overall, this was probably the highlight of our trip. AK was like Disney meets the zoo (and the zoo is not very cool in my opinion). The themes throughout the park are awesome. I'd say this is the park you should visit if you had to choose from the 4. What a great idea and so much to see in a day. Note that it's really only worth it in the morning and afternoon. If you want to see any animals go early. You can always save the rides to the end, depending on the weather.
3.5 stars If you're expecting a zoo, you'll be fine. Don't expect a theme park. That being said, this actually has some of the best "themeing" out of any disney park. The asia and africa sections are incredibly well done. However the only thing worth doing in either of them is expedition everest and the safari ride. We ate at the BBQ place near the front of the park, pretty decent. Avoid the rafiki area, as there's literally nothing there except a petting zoo. If you do this park early, you can do it as a park hopper with hollywood studios. Probably your best bet.
I'm a frequent Disney visitor and this is definitely my least favorite of the parks. There isn't much to do here, especially if you don't go in the peak season when waiting in lines doesn't take up 1/2 your day. We arrived at 10am and left by 2pm. I'd call the park a half day event for sure. We rode the Kilimanjaro Safari, which is one of my favorite rides there. It's a nice set up and the habitats are believable. There's a bit of Disney cheese involved with your "tour guide," but that's expected. I also loved the Lion King performance at Camp Minnie Mickey. I wasn't expecting the quality of show they put on, so it was a nice surprise. I didn't ride the Kali River Rapids this time because I didn't want to be soaked all day, but I've ridden it before and it's ok. We ate at the Yak & Yetti outpost and were pleasantly surprised by the quality and amount of food we got in our sweet & sour chicken order. Our day ended with a ride on Dinosaur and I have to say it's definitely not one of my favorites. The noise level is super high and a bit overwhelming. It jerks you around so badly my hips hurt from the seat belt. I felt like we could have ridden Everest and seen Finding Nemo and still not had an entire day's experience. I'm glad I have a pass, otherwise I'd be disappointed in paying for a park you really can't even spend a whole day at.
We visited Animal Kingdom in July and i have to say i really enjoyed. The highlight for everyone was the Kilimanjaro Safari where you actually board a jeep and go out and see the animals in a replica of their natural surroundings. Everest is a great roller coaster and be prepared to get soaked on the Kali River Rapid! Shows are amazing especially the Lion King. Some of the food stands are quite over priced. However we went to the Rainforest Cafe for lunch which was nice and a bit different. Overall i found Animal Kingdon to be fantastic it suited our family perfectly was we had ages rangeing from 8 to 65 so theres so something for everyone at this park. A nice day to relax if your not wanting to take in to many rides.
I have been to Animal Kingdom several times and I have been lucky because when I went on the safaris all of the animals have been out.   This park is much better for smaller children although they do have a couple attractions that are good for teens and adults. The heat....the heat....I am sweating....where's the bar?   Oooh...there's one.   I think I will just stay here for a while.
First of all, Animal Kingdom isn't horrible and it isn't a waste of $$$ either. The reason why I gave AK only three stars is due to the fact that there isn't a whole lot to do here compared to other disney parks. If you are a real theme park person that likes to spend the entire day at the parks and see everything then AK might disappoint. I visited about a week ago and my younger brother, sister, and I arrived at the park at 9:30 am and by 1:00 pm we had been on expedition everest three times, dinosaur twice, visited the safari and many of the animal exhibits, seen a bugs life, eaten lunch, and shopped in some of the stores all at a leisurely pace. On a positive note, the two big attractions at AK, expedition everest and dinosaur, are EXCELLENT and not to be missed. We grabbed lunch at the counter service place that shares a kitchen with yak & yeti and it was the best quick service meal we had the entire week. If you enjoy visiting your local zoo and have always wished that it had rides and more attractions then you'll appreciate the Animal Kingdom. I think of Animal Kingdom as very similar to MGM Studios, excuse me Hollywood Studios, when it first opened. There weren't a lot of attractions at all, but the studios has really filled out its map with some fantastic spots and AK will do the same in the years to come.
Who doesn't love animals? If it's you, get out of my review and go be ashamed of yourself. A brief list of things you MUST do here or you will wet your cheeks: 1. Kilimanjaro Safaris. REALLY fun, and especially if it's your first time and you don't know what to expect you'll have all the more fun. 2. Check out the tree of life. They carved it, you should appreciate it. 3. Forest exploration trail, jungle trek, and pretty much all trails. It's like the zoo, but better. MUCH better. And more lively. 4. Bug's Life 4D thing. It's tripped out. 5. River rapid ride. I just love these things. 6. Expedition Everest. They totally needed a roller coaster, and here it is in all it's glory. 7. Dinosaur. Best dinosaur ride in the UNIVERSE! Now go, shoo. Or heel. I suppose either of those would be fine with me. ;)
My favorite part of our whole trip! Beautifuly landscaped! The people who work there are very nice and helpful.
It's for - but it;'s not the Magic Kingdom and also is not as good as Epcot. Very good for kids, though. (But for $85 a day I can take my kiddo to the Philadelphia Zoo. Meanwhile - it's worth a visit - but if your Disney Time is linited - get to Magic Kingdom or Epcot first. And SKIP Hollywood studios - it's rather lame. Tip:  Head straight for the safari the MINUTE they open.  Kali river ride is great fun too (you will get wet!). Lots of walking - bring good shoes/socks. Eat lunch at Rainforest cafe.  (Make a reservation!!!)  Yes, it's overpriced and "meh" as is ALL of Disney's stuff - but iot's much better than the food inside the park.  And you can get a Cheetah-Rita (Margarita) or a Daiquiri, too.  ($10 a pop - $13 with a cheesy souvenir cup).
My daughter is an animal lover. This was her favorite park of the three Disney parks we went to. Her jaw dropped when we saw the baby elephant. this park closes earlier than the others so it was a nice "half day" in the middle of two long days at the other parks.
The Animal Kingdom was third favorite Disney park, but it did have some decent attractions. When we entered we were approached by a Disney employee. He asked if we wanted VIP treatment for the Lion King show. Um. Yeah. We were given honorary citizen of the world buttons and given priority seating for the show. The show was amazing, and the front row seats made us feel like part of the show. The Bug's Life 4D show was also a highlight, as was the African themed shops and architecture. I would go back to this park, but on our seven day vacation we only spent one day here.
From all of the Disney parks in Florida, this was my favorite!! The safari ride was unbelievable!  We were able to see all different types of animals as if we were on a real African safari.   We were able to see most of the park in half a day.  Giving us some time to visit other parts of Florida.  (trying to go to every theme park on vacation with young children can be overwhelming)
I like it but it is good for little kids.. I'd say up to 15.. It was good experience..
This was a great place for my family.  My kids (7yr old/4 yr old) loved Animal Kingdom, but they also love animals and zoo type places.  This place is massive!  I think our shuttle driver  said you could fit all the Disney parks into this one park.  We should have rented a stroller for my son who already visited the Magic Kingdom the day before and was a little tired.  Animal Kingdom is hotter than Magic Kingdom.  They have fans throughout the park.  I noticed that Magic Kingdom had a number of stores with AC running to cool off before heading out to the next ride however that was the case at Animal Kingdom.  AK had a lot of shade due to the trees but was still hot. I have read this is a half day- day visit but for our family we could easily spend two days.  When we go to Disneyland we spend at least 4 days every time.  We didn't see half the things here.  We headed to the Kilimanjaro Safaris first since I read its good to go hear in the morning before it gets too hot and the animals start to take cover and hide from the heat.  My son loved this ride that we went on it twice.  You can take your stroller with you in line until a certain point where a castmate will ask you to park it.    My son wanted to go on a train so we took the Wildlife express train but didn't get off at Rafiki's Planet due to limitation on time.  My husband said they loved the roller coaster ride - Expedition Everest.  They went to go as far as saying its been the best one they have ever been on. The Dinosaur ride scared my three year old son.  The ride is compatible to Indiana Jones at Disneyland but with Dinosaurs.  The Finding Nemo was very entertaining in an air conditioned auditorium.  Both my kids enjoyed it.  If my kids don't like something they will walk out. We made reservations at the Tusker House.  This is a buffet style character lunch.  A nice change from doing the Princess lunch at CA Adventure in Disneyland.  The food included 4 types of salad, salmon, roast beef, rice, Mac & cheese, mini corn dogs, spicy tofu, fruit, couscous, mini desserts......Our server Scott always made sure we were hydrated to whatever we were drinking.  I never had to ask for a refill.   As for the characters....Donald starts us outside before we enter into the restaurant.  Goofy later holds a small parade with the kids holding onto some kind of musical instrument later followed by Mickey, Goofy, Daisy for pics and autographs.  By the time your meal is over they bring the pictures you took with Donald outside for purchase. Other notes.....the games at Fossil Fun Games 1 ticket/1play  for $4/ 3 tickets for $10 / 5 tickets for $15.  Good place to take my youngest while my oldest was on Everest.  The layout isn't friendly as other parks.  Some areas look like they go on but are just dead ends.   Never got to see Camp Mickey-Minnie, Kali River Rapids (ran out of fast passes-get them early or wait up to 90 minutes), my daughter didn't want to become a wilderness explorer and earn her badges, festival of the lion king (show),  the boneyard, Raiki's Planet Watch, Exploration Trail, the parade, look in the gift shops......
While I rank this at the bottom of the four WDW theme parks, it's still a very well executed destination spot.  If you love animals, you will definitely enjoy it here.   There are 2 attractions that are most suited for adults (Everest, Kilimanjaro).  Unfortunately, I didn't make it to Dinosaur or else I would include it.  After that, it's all about the kids.  Great if that is your core audience.  I loved hiking through Asia and Africa.  Less of a zoo vibe and more like a safari/expedition.   We received some of the best service here.  At Guest Relations when we had a concern, at a kiosk on our way out, plus a patient cast member when I needed directions. Please note they close the earliest (about 5pm in October) due to the animals and their sleep schedules.  So visit here first thing if it's on your agenda.  You'll also have a better chance of seeing more animals if you hit the safari in the morning.
Disney: clean, organized. Not a bad experience but have been to general zoos that were as good as far as the animal adventure.
The Disney Animal Kingdom is lots of fun.  The park itself is beautiful and Disney thinks of every little detail.  It is very creative. Since the park is not really very big, it tends to get very crowded.  The day we were there we had extra Disney hours so at night it was not too bad.  During the day was another story ... there were way too many people and strollers to maneuver. We have been here a few times and it is not my favorite park but it is still worth a visit.  My daughter wishes there were more rides. The Safari ride is a great experience for young and old alike.
For all you Bay Area peeps _ This is place puts Safari West to Shame! True, it's not the most exciting park if you like rides but if you love animals then this is the place to be. The first things that caught my eye were the two tall towers with cages on top. the cages housed several very large chimpanzees. They were hard to miss with all the loud grunting an hollering coming from the the large magnificent apes. There were a few times when I wondered how in the heck do they keep them in those cages and away from the crowds. Then my aunt decided to tell me that actually one time a chimp did get out and ran through the park (thanks a lot Auntie!)At that point we decided to move on and go on the Expedition Everest ride (see review). It was the best and fastest ride they have at the park. Then we went on to the Kilimanjaro Safari. This was by far one of the best experiences we had at the park. You take an open jeep that fits about 30 people and drive though safari to see all the animals. And let me tell you.....we saw everything!!! Elephants, Zebras, Lions, Hippos, Giraffes...EVERYTHING up close an personal ( see photos). If Safari West was like this I would go once a month. After those two rides I wanted to check out the Dinosaur ride but the wait was over an hour and there really wasn't anything else to do at the park. I think if we ever went again that I would go straight to the Dinosaur ride and get a fast pass, then go on the other two rides while I wait for the pass time.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is the best zoo in the world, minus the boring animals. (I actually looked up the definition of "zoo" to be sure I wasn't incorrect: "a garden or park where wild animals are kept for exhibition.") In typical Disney fashion, we are presented with an imaginative, high-quality experience wrapped in a convenient bundle. The scenary in this park is breathtaking. You'll often catch glimpses of mountains and rivers that are so well-made, you'd think you were in the wilderness. Unless you paid close attention, you wouldn't notice how good Disney uses vegetation and native birds to add to the ambience. The rides are few, but good. There is a river rapids ride similar to one in California Adventure. Kilimanjaro Safari is the grandest and most unique ride, because you actually get to ride through a wild animal habitat. Be sure to set a higher shutter speed on your camera, lest you end up with a yellow blur meant to be a giraffe. I actually rode a similar ride in Thailand, so I wasn't quite so impressed. Thailand's lower standards mean more thrills and danger. The lions on Kilimanjaro are actually seperated by natural barriers. No one goes on the safari ride to see carcasses. Well, almost no one... We went to see the Lion King show in the little kids' area just for kicks, but it was surprisingly one of the best shows I've ever seen in a Disney Park. They mix live music with costumed animals, acrobatics, and fire-dancers. Very impressive. Also surprisngly good was the Little Mermaid puppet show (I know that doesn't read well for my masculinity). They added Expedition Everest after our trip. The mountain is huge. I thought we would need two days to experience this park, but we only needed one. We chose to spend the second day at the World Showcase in Epcot (I guess this is growing up...).
i dont like this park to much. its like an over priced zoo :(
Formerly my least favorite Disney park, my most recent trip bumped this one up to my favorite.  When I first went, they didn't have as many rides or attractions, but there are lots more now. The rides: Expedition Everest is tied for the best ride in Disney parks (with Tower of Terror).  It's scary, fast, and thrilling.  Kali River Rapids is one of the worst.  We got a little wet, but there were no exciting drops and it didn't go very fast.  At the end both my fiance and I said at the same time, "That's it?"  Dinosaur was a really fun ride, although the premise and pre-show movie were pretty cheesy.  Kilimanjaro Safaris is a great way to see some cool animals, but I thought they could've played up the whole chasing-down-the-poachers thing more.  The It's Tough to Be a Bug 3-D movie is still fun.  On the Pangani Exploration Trail we saw 4 gorillas, one of them a baby, and it was incredibly cute and a popular crowd-pleaser. The atmosphere: also the best.  You don't realize how big the park is, or how covered in trees, until you're riding at the top of Expedition Everest.  It's very shady, which is nice on a hot day, and the decorations in Asia and Africa seemed very authentic.  This is also the most relaxing Disney park, simply because there are so many nature/animal trails, and it encourages you to stroll around and just look at things instead of racing from one ride to the next. This is a great park to stay late at with the Extra Magic hours, although be warned that the rides and attractions involving animals will close at 5 or 6pm.  The lights in Asia are pretty after dark and it's a good time to get a cup of chai tea.  We even saw Mickey and Minnie with a very short wait!
This Disney Park has not failed to deliver a fantastic wildlife park with a Disney twist. There are safari's, roller coasters (Expedition Everest), fantastic shows (Lion King) and restaurants which are at the top of the top in Disneyworld Property. Some tips for the first timers would be to know there are going to be lines so use your fast-passes carefully. I think it is probably wise to get your Safari pass first, although remember some animals come out more after the rain or first thing in the morning while staying in the shade during the hot Florida summer sun. Also you might consider taking a quick "dip" on the rapids ride if you get warm. If you don't want to risk getting soaked, you can always wear a couple of ponchos to avoid this fate. Keep an eye out when you are walking around the world tree as there are often things hiding in the corners. If you are park hopping and only doing a portion of the day here, don't miss Everest and the safari. If you are spending a day or two here you might consider making a reservation for a private jungle trek, as they are very fun! Thanks for reading and enjoy.
Dare I say this is the ultimate roller coaster. OF EMOTIONS. You will go from "hey..... this isn't so bad" to "WHAT THE HELL WE'RE GOING TO DIE. WE ARE SERIOUSLY GOING TO DIE." to "m-m---m--m-my oh my god oh my god oh my god" to "AHHHHHHH WOOHOO HELL YEH" I heard Everest was based off Matterhorn in Disneyland, except imo it's 10x bigger and more exhilirating (still love Matterhorn tho it's a classic!). If you love roller coasters and are in Animal Kingdom-- GO!!!!! get fast pass, extremely shorter wait and you still walk through the super detailed, awesome queue line. I miss this roller coaster so much, you Floridans are so lucky to have Disneyworld!
Way better than any zoo, because the animals are for the most part roaming free.  I don't want to visit any traditional zoo anymore.  They will all pale in comparison. There's also rides and shows in case you get tired of looking at the animals. We liked the Everest Express roller coaster. We went on Christmas Day and it wasn't too crowded. We immediately got on the Kilimanjaro Safari which was the highlight of Animal Kingdom. Disney's Animal Kingdom is my favorite of the four parks.
It's not one of my favorite parks at Disney World. It really reminds me of the San Diego Zoo/Safari Park. If it weren't for their rides like Expedition Everest or the Dinosaur ride, I would not spend my day there. The Kilimanjaro Safari trek was literally a sleeper and I have pics to prove it.  Other than that, if you love animals this is your place.
I liked it. I was able to cover the entire park in a short amount of time. It is a mixture of zoo and roller coasters.  There aren't too many rides to go on, but there's a lot of animals to see and learn about. I even got to see the lion!  Expedition Everest is a great attraction, especially if it is your first time riding it (SURPRISE!).  I didn't go on the water ride since a lot of people looked like they came off of it pretty wet.  The Kilmanjaro Safari ride was pretty comfortable and you get to see a bunch of different animals similar to the ride at the Wild Animal Park in San Diego.  The Lion King Show was nostalgic as they sang songs from the movie.  I wasn't too big on the whole interactive portion of it, though, since it was geared for kids.  The park itself was nice, but it was good enough to visit just once. I had a 4 day park hopper and after seeing everything I wanted to see here on my very first day, I never went back to it.
My favorite of the four WDW parks! Walked into the park and immediately was treated to a frozen mocha--great way to start the day! The attention to detail is breathtaking. While waiting in line for any of the rides, you're treated to the experience of being in the locale represented by the ride. Whether it's Africa or Asia, each "continent" is true to its roots in music, dress, food and ambiance. We ate at Yak & Yeti, and our server, Ellen, was a total delight. We enjoyed her so much that I passed a good word on to her manager, and came back to report on our day before we left. She had recommended that we see the Lion King Experience, as well as the Finding Nemo Live show, and both were phenomenal. The Lion King was like something you would see on Broadway--really spectacular! Disney could easily charge extra for admission to this show, just based on the quality of the performance. So wonderful and moving. The Finding Nemo show was very different--the performers who play the various film characters actually carry their "characters" around like giant puppets. It was distracting at first, but as Ellen said, the performers become part of the puppets after a while. And the guy who played Marlin was astounding--he sounded JUST LIKE HIM. My son even asked if they just had him lip-synching the part. But no--he played it live, and he was terrific. The Tree of Life is stunning, the Safari experience was great--go early in the day for best animal viewing opportunities--and Everest was a blast. My son rode it 7 times, and he would have kept going if the park weren't closing. All in all, probably the best Disney park of all. The slower pace, calm environment and peaceful surroundings made for a great reprieve after the busyness of the other parks. A solid two thumbs up!
This was not a great safari park, but we went on a dead day so we had no lines for much of anything. The food was terrrible. Seriously, the name of the place was called the "Yak and Yetti". It will make you yak, for sure. This is a more relaxed park than the other disney parks.
I don't like zoos but I like Animal Kingdom! A few recommended rides: DINOSAUR: Thank goodness for Fastpass! Instead of waiting 45 minutes in line, we waited for about 2 minutes, the people in line were giving us hatred looks when we walked passed them lol. A pretty cool ride though kinda loud. This is Indiana-Jone-ish @ Disneyland. SAFARI: The other Fastpass we claimed, waited for about 10 minutes :) A pretty long and well thought-out "ride". You get to see a lot of animals and instead of being kept in cages, they are roaming free, set up like those real safari rides in Africa :) EXPEDITION EVEREST: A few surprising twists and turns, it was fun! Wish it was a bit longer though. The parade was pretty cool too. One of the chipmunks walked up and kissed my hand lol. Last but definitely not least: you get to take pictures with Pooh and Eeyore here, my fav disney characters :)
Going on the Safari ride is best in the morning when the animals are being fed. They were all out, close to the vehicle where we could really see them up close.  My favorite ride in the entire park.  U
"Expedition Everest" is definitely one of the best rides at Disney World as a whole... a very unique rollercoaster with a twist. "Dinosaur" is pretty fun as well, especially for a dino-nerd like me. Of all the Disney parks, Animal Kingdom has some of the most detailed and fully-realized worlds, with the Asia section being truly exceptional. The guided safari, which takes you through beautiful environments filled with rhinos, elephants, hippos, giraffes, a pit of crocodiles and much more is really marvelous. Definitely cooler than viewing these animals behind cages or fences. If you've written off Animal Kingdom and never experienced it (it gets a bad rap, for some reason), I'd really recommend giving it a fair shot. I know I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it.
Animal kingdom is like unlike anything you've experienced before at a Disney park. It really is an experience everyone who likes Disney must have. They may not have as many rides as other Disney parks, but they make up for that in other things. First off, the park is built like you're in a different country. It has a very Africa/Asia feel to it, and you'll think you're adventuring to a different place when you get there. It is divided into a few different areas including one area with dinosaurs. The rides vary from mild to wild! From a the 3D its a bugs life to expedition Everest, their is something for everyone. And if that isn't awesome they even have a mini roller coaster and a safari. The food places are pretty good inside the park depending on where you go which include, a bbq place and a rainforest cafe. If you're coming to Animal Kingdom plan on one thing, walking. You will be walking a ton! But it'll pay off in fun at the end of the day. Come check this park out you'll be happy you did.
It's an animal out there..... Disney's Animal Kingdom is so much more than a Zoo .... You will actually have fun here!
Disney does it again.  I've been going to Disney parks for almost 30 years and I have to say I am just impressed with this park as any of the others.  I personally believe that every park cannot be compared to one another since they are all so different.  This one obviously focusing on Disney's love for animals. I can see how people who only love to ride rides can be disappointed with this park.  There are fewer rides here than any of the other parks, but one of the best if you compare all 4 (Expedition Everest and Dinosaur is a lot of fun). This park is highly immersive, you feel like you are in a small town in Africa, or a small mountain town in Asia. The amazing Tree of Life as the centerpiece makes everyone stop and stare trying to count the different animals carved in the trunk.  This park like all the others is spectacular, but if you are looking for classic Disney, then go to the Magic Kingdom.  Animals are great, it's not Brookfield Zoo or San Diego, but it's still pretty nice.  I like the focus around education in a lot of parts of the park, I think it's good to learn while playing ;) I hope that they add to the park in the future, I'd like to see another ride or two, maybe a different animal habitat.
This is my 2nd favorite WDW park, though it almost ties with Hollywood Studios.  I know people who almost skip this park because they feel it is a zoo with a few rides.  Well, there are animals and there are rides, but this park should not be skipped.  For myself and my family, young and hold, there were many "Wow!" factors at this park. Animals.  There are many ways to see them and several of those ways you will not feel like you are looking at animals in cages at a zoo--it will feel as though you are out in the wild with them.  Very cool. There are some good rides for folks of all ages.  For me, I will brag about Expedition Everest for I am a rollercoaster fan and I love this ride.  It was not the most scary coaster I have ever been on, but it was one of the most fun.  The theming is THE best I have ever seen on any coaster.  If you are a coaster fan, this is a must.  If you have yet to ride it, don't read to much about it as there are spoilers. If you like Epcot, you are likely to like this park.  Though not as many countries as World Showcase, the large part of this park is themed after Asia and another large part themed after Africa.  The Disney magic is poured all over.  When you are in these areas, there is nothing to indicate that you are still in Orlando... it is amazing.  Love it!
Michele S. gave a very comprehensive review of Animal Kingdom so I'll not add much more.  It's the least enjoyable of the Disney Theme Parks for me.  I'm not sure if it's because we went right after landing on the red eye flight and I certainly had red eye because I can never sleep on planes and the whole afternoon there was a blur.  I do remember being on the Everest rollercoaster ride and wishing it would end because it can get kinda rough.  The animal park ride is OK and you do see REAL animals, which is kinda cool.  You can't compare it to a zoo which is a different venue for housing animals.  This is more like a open park and doesn't have near the variety of animals you would find in a zoo.  The Finding Nemo production is very cute and shouldn't be missed. It's performed in a similiar manner to the Broadway "Lion King" production with puppetry on a stick.  As a final comment, for some reason this park doesn't seem to have the Disney "magic" compared to the other parks, and if I were to make a return trip to Orlando, I'd be willing to skip it and spend more time in the Magic Kingdom with my park hopper ticket.
Animal Kingdom is great. It was my very first Orlando theme park and still holds a special place in my heart. My first visit was five years ago and it was a half-day park back then. Now there is enough that you can fill a whole day without problem, especially if there aren't long lines for Everest, the new coaster. BTW, this is one of my favorite coasters and I've been on a lot of them. When you first arrive if you are sensible you'll either head to Everest or Kilimanjaro Safaris. I think it's a toss up on which to do first. Some say get a fastpass for Kilimanjaro and then do Everest and other say go to Everest first and ride it more than once, before there is a line. If you only want to do each thing once, then fastpass first but you're going to do a lot of extra walking as they are across the park from each other. Going back five years to my first visit, I started off with Kilimanjaro and then headed to the soak tank. It's not really a soak tank, it's just your typical kick ass water ride, but when you get off at the end you may very well look like you've just been fished from a lake due to how wet you are. This is an awesome ride when it's hot and you want to cool off. The first time I rode it, eight times in a row, it was pretty warm. By the sixth or seventh ride I didn't notice the clouds that had blocked out the sun. By the end of the eighth I had noticed the very cold wind that had picked up. I was soaked from head to toe and now it was windy and cold, but I had a blast. Thankfully I had a change of clothes and then everything was just dandy. On recent trips, now that I'm a local, I don't do anything eight times in a row. I pace myself a bit better plus, there's more to see at AK than there was five years ago. On my most recent visit I checked out the live Nemo show and found that to be very well done. There is a consistency with Disney that seems to be a bit better than the other parks. Disney isn't always the very best in any given area but when you look at the whole picture, they are the best overall and you see this in AK. Lastly, I haven't taken the time to do any of the strolls to see animals as I'm always on my way to a ride or attraction but do check them out, I hear they are very cool. And last lastly, try Flame Tree Barbecue for lunch if you like bbq. Good food and won't break the bank.
Of all of the Disney World parks, Animal Kingdom is definitely the lowest on the list for me. Both times I have been there, I did practically everything in less than a day and took the bus to one of the other parks. There are some fun attractions like Everest, Dinosaur, and the safari, but that is about it. I could see some people spending a lot more time at Animal Kingdom if they don't live anywhere near a major zoo and wanted to see all the animals in the park, but since I am from Chicago and we have two nice zoos here, seeing all the animals was not a priority. We did do some of the walking tours which were nice though. Probably my biggest problem with Animal Kingdom is the layout. I felt like we had to back track a lot in order to get to the areas we needed to be for fast passes etc. The flow of people is no where near as nice as it is at the other parks. All in all, I would recommend seeing Animal Kingdom but don't necessarily plan on spending the whole day there.
Oh Animal Kingdom, you are so dear to my heart. The one thing you must realize before you step through the gates is that this is NOT A ZOO! It was never intended to be and it will never be one. Take away all the "adult options" EPCOT has to offer and Animal Kingdom is by far without a doubt my favorite theme park. It is so spaced out and so beautiful there is absolutely nothing not to love. I don't even know where to begin but there are some things you must NOT miss when you hit up this place. First of all Dinosaur, my favorite ride in all of Disney (it is pretty scary so I probably wouldn't make your kids go on it). Primeval Whirl is pretty silly but fun nonetheless. Expedition Everest also puts a massive smile on my face (it's my second fave Disney ride). All the other Yelpers are right, this is definitely a half day park. If you do it right you can see all the shows and ride all the rides before 1pm, but what's wrong with that??? I know it makes no sense but my least favorite part of the park is the Safari. I know that's the major draw to the place but more often then not I skip it. For lunch you MUST go to Flame Tree Barbeque. Everything I have ever had there is to DIE for. I've also taken the classier route and eaten at Yak and Yeti a few times and it was absolutely delish as well. And if you need a cocktail head back to Africa and sit yourself at the Dawa Bar. Always a good time and you'll have extremely entertaining African themed entertainment at your finger tips. That's another thing Animal Kingdom does the best it there random street entertainment. I LOVE it all. Seriously though, DO NOT be deterred by everyone who says it's a lame zoo, that's not what it is and that's not what it was meant to be.. get yourself a park hopper ticket and start your day off at Animal Kingdom. You'll be glad you did.
awesome fun roller coaster!  but get a Fast Pass so you don't have to stand in a long line.  it is fun to see the props they put up around the ride, so you feel like you're in Nepal.  the ride goes fast, forwards and backwards.    it's exciting and fun.  if you like rollercoasters, you won't be disappointed with this one!
Animal Kingdom is gorgeous, easily the most aesthetically impressive of the four Disney parks.  If you appreciate the beauty of nature combined with the vision of the Imagineers, you could be satisfied just exploring this gem of a park.  People complain about the trails not being as open as in other parks, but I think it adds to the jungle feel.  There are some truly breathtaking views through the lush trees. Aside from how atmospheric it is, Expedition Everest and Kilimanjaro Safaris are two of my favorite rides in Disney World.  Festival of the Lion King is the absolute best show on property, and Nemo isn't far behind.   As far as I can tell, there isn't much in the way of dining options, but we (a young couple on honeymoon) enjoyed the park so much that it doesn't stop me from giving it five stars.  We love observing and learning about animals, so we liked the trails and Rafiki's Conservation Station as well (and as it's off the beaten path and not as heavily toured, it's a good place for character meetings).  If you like animals and nature and appreciate careful, elaborate theme work, do yourself a huge favor and don't even consider skipping Animal Kingdom.  I never would!
The best in Disney World. Had henna tattoos done near the Safari and have had many compliments all week. Must do. The rapids got is SOAKED and Everest was awesome.
Let me start off and say I never rate things as 5 on yelp because it is rare things are truly so wonderful. But with that said I am giving Disney's Animal Kingdom 5 stars! We were able to go to Disney World November 2010 and took our 2.5 year old son Cy. The attention to detail and just the magnitude of the park is breath taking. Our son Cy was so happy and loved all the animals were were able to see on the safari ride. There were many things to do in AK and we even took in a show and saw the Lion King. We had dinner at the Tusker House which was a buffet style. The food was very good and they had stuff for the kids such as PB and Jelly. We had a great time and can't wait to go back! I saw many felt the AK is like a big zoo and it is but if you take a moment to step back and appreciate all the hard work that went into the details it is truly amazing. This is one of our favorite Disney's parks by far!
Kingdom of Animals.....get ready to experience the wonderful world of animals no matter what age you are.
This park is OK. I think it's maybe worth going to once, but I don't think I'd need to return. Where as at Epcot I could visit again and again and again and never get bored. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my time there, but I don't think the admission price should be the same as the other parks because there just isn't as much there. Things I liked: The walking animal trails and safari ride- the attention to detail was amazing. They really make you feel like you are a researcher. It was also great seeing some uncommon animals up close. The river ride- Fun! Glad we got the fast pass. FYI- I barely got wet. The bugs life 3D movie- cute and creative. Plus, it's a great place to cool off from the sun. The dancing drummers in Africa- check out the show in front of the restaurant. The guys must get so tired. Things you should skip if you are over 5 years old: The Rafiki Discovery zone. There's not much to see here besides a petting zoo and while they advertise exotic animals its about as exotic as sheep and goats can be. Things I didn't like: There was no affordable African food to try. I wasn't about to pay over $20 for the all you can eat African food buffet. Couldn't they offer a more affordable street food option like they did on the Asia side of the park or in Epcot? I would have loved to have tried African food.
Just under 10 years old Animal Kingdom is the largest in the world of all the Disney theme parks but being themed entirely around animal conservation you don't blame Walt Disney for dedicated more than 500 acres to the little critters. Although we have an appreciation for animals we were a little zoo-ed-out by this stage and really we'd seen all the animals before (though that didn't stop me looking in at the gorillas. I couldn't resist!) We were sure all the animal oriented attractions such as Kilimanjaro Safaris and Maharajah Jungle Trek were at the usual Disney high quality standard so instead we headed for the man-made attractions such as the awesome Expedition Everest - Legend of the Forbidden Mountain roller coaster (very tricky), DINOSAUR which frightened the heck out of me (I always seemed to be the nearest to the dinosaurs and their scary teeth) and Primeval Whirl (not scary but a little thrilling.) We also took in a couple of the shows including Finding Nemo The Musical and Pocahontas and Her Forest Friends. Finding Nemo had great puppetry and even though we didn't see it here the Festival of the Lion King is a must if you've never seen it. Unfortunately we had to sacrifice it this time around.
I absolutely love Animal Kingdom! It is such a great addition to the Disney World theme parks! It opened in 1998 and is all about animal conservation. The great things about Animal Kingdom far outweigh the negatives (no amazing sit down food places, very spread out plan). I am a huge of animals so this park is great fun for me. It has everything from amazing rides like Expedition Everest to more low key activities like Rafiki's Planet Watch where you can watch animals being worked on. I have more detailed descriptions of all the rides, shows, attractions and restaurants in Animal Kingdom in my Disney list. My personal suggestions for Animal Kingdom are...Bring a lot of water! You walk more in this park then any other and the sun can get very hot. You have to go to Expedition Everest or Kilmanjaro Safari first but they aren't very close to each other. Determine which is most important to you and head there. What I usually do is head straight to the safari, grab a FP, then ride the safari. By the time you get off, it will probably be time to ride the safari again. The animals are most active in the morning so it makes for more fun when they aren't just laying in the sun. Directly after the safari, we do things along the way to Expedition Everest, grab a FP once we get there, then grab some lunch! If you have to cut out a park at Disney World, do not skip Animal Kingdom!!!
I LOVED this park. It was the best Disney park in my opinion. We went to the four main parks and Animal Kingdom was so nice. Its African Safari ride puts to shame Bush Gardens Rhino Rally (which we had done two days before). Expedition Everest was such a great roller coaster that we did it twice. Everything about this park is well thought out and beautiful. Once you get past the entrance the HUGE Tree of Life welcome you and it is superbly impressive. We did the Kali Rapids Water Ride in the morning and got soaked, but were dry by noon. The landscaping is lush, and the walks among the Asia and Africa paths are wonderful. We spent an entire day at the park, but feel that we could easily have spent another half day there. It never felt too crowded or that kids were out of control there. When we go back, this will be the first park we go to. They have some lovely conservation oriented green tote bags that we took back as gifts for friends.
This park has improved so much since my last visit. Still very much Disney but less cheesy and more focused. I really enjoyed the new "Flights of Wonders" show they put together. It is not your typical bird tricks show. Without giving it away, I would just say it was fun filled with good humor and high energy. The Expedition Everest yeti ride is not to be missed. This is of course one of the most popular attractions in the park. Your best bet is to go early and pick up a fast pass. It was a great thrilling ride full of surprises. Another very memorable attraction is the Kilimanjaro Safaris. I am not a big fan of the cheesy Disney narration but it is always fun to see some animals. The primeval whirl is a highly underrated ride. It might look silly but it was a really fun ride. Imagine tea cups on steroid. Finding Nemo and Festival of the Lion King - two shows you really shouldn't miss. The quality of the performance was simply amazing. I couldn't believe  they were just theme park attractions. Last but not least, budget some time for Rafiki's Planet Watch. There are lovely animals to be petted and an interesting sound show.
I Usually one to leave good reviews. Unfortunately my last experience at Disney was so bad we have changed our annual vacation and weekend getaway spot to Tampa. I bought my tickets online on the way to the park and was never emailed confirmation. When I arrive at will call and explain my cituation to the lady she assures me there was no purchase made so I went ahead and purchased tickets with her. Turns out when I get home and check my bank there were 2 charges on my credit card. I contact the theme park right away to correct the issue and they explain to me there's noting they can do to reimburse me for their mistake because both tickets were picked up and used.... Mind you they were used minutes apart in 2 different parks!!!! Who would purchase 2 different tickets for 2 different parks instead of a 1 day 2 park ticket and who could be in 2 places at the same time??? It was an error and fraud on their behalf yet no one could help me!!! I was even told I would have to drive from Miami to Orlando and go in person to see if maybe someone could help me. I spent over a week, hours with different representatives and 20 calls later to finally be credited for the double charge. I was never even given a formal apology. I will never go to a Disney park again. The experience was horrible. They really need to look into the employees they hire, some of them are commuting fraud and the others have no customer service skills and can't help. Disney hotels and parks will never see my money again!!!!!!
This is was my first time going there and I choose this park out of many because of my mom and what she could do. My mom doesn't like rides and so this park provided many shows that the whole family could enjoy. The fast pass made it easy for us to get to all the major rides and shows. We didn't go to the park too early but we completed everything we had planned. It is a fun filled place. Although it was a bit overly crowded maybe because of spring break but over it was fun. I love the rides there one of my favorites was the bugs life one in the tree at discovery island. It was super fun and surprising! I'm am pretty glad i chose this park out of all the other ones, also because the other parks had similar rides to disneyland back in cali. we also went to camp minnie-mickey for one of the shows and i absolutely love it!!! it is a must see if you like musicals. I would LOVE TO GO BACK oneday!
This was a really nice park that I think is geared toward the younger kids.  The only thrill ride is Expedition Everest which was awesome!  I enjoyed all the greenery in the park.  It is less amusement park and more jungle theme.  There is also a lot more shade at this park which I appreciated.  I found that we got through this park the fastest of all the parks so you can do this park in a day or less depending on the crowds.  We went at opening and were able to get through the whole park by about 3pm taking our time the whole way through.  I would say as far as attractions we really enjoyed Flights of Wonder Wild bird show, Expedition Everest and the Kilimanjaro Safari.  We did not do the Kali River Rapids because it was cold that day.  The rest of the place was really geared toward younger kids.  One more word of advice, There are only 8-10 places to eat in this entire park and a couple take reservations so make sure to research where you want to eat ahead of time and make note on the map you get when you enter the park.  I do not recommend the Flame Tree BBQ.  The food was gross and the only food place we really hated at DW.  Kusafiri Coffee Shop was nice for snacks.
I guess I'm not totally sure why Disney decided to open what is, in essence, a zoo with a few rides thrown in. Expedition Everest is awesome, and I really enjoyed the Dinosaur ride, too. However, the rest of the park is pretty much what you'll find in a good zoo. If I went back to WDW, I'm not sure I'd go here again. It's not well connected to the MK or Epcot, so if you use the park hopper you'll be wasting a lot of time in transport. Also, I'm not sure if it's worth it to pay Disney prices to go to a zoo.
If you love seeing real animals then this is the place to go. It has everything, animals, rides, good food and a great day can be had by all. On the negative side, the queues can be long and some of the animals do go to bed early, so get there early.
RAWRRRR!!!  Animal Kingdom is another Disney winner!  Loved the themed areas of Africa and Asia--definitely felt like we were in a different country/continent!!  The Tusker House African buffet is awesome too!!!   We enjoyed the safari tour (although we didn't get to see any lions), the Everest coaster (super fun!), the river rafting ride (got soaked!!!), and the bug show inside the giant tree (I'm sure someone's already given away the ending but it was really cool).  I also really appreciated the way they really strive to teach kids about conservation, recycling, and being kind to the environment.  I didn't particularly care for the Affection Section (petting zoos always make me sad) but the rest of the experience was great. One kind of weird and random thing is that it seems like the majority of employees at AK were old white ladies.  It's funny that they go to such lengths to have people from the appropriate countries at EPCOT, but here it was a ton of older white ladies.  Not a big deal, just weird! Also make sure you take note of their closing time--it's earlier than the other parks because they have to round up and check out all the animals every night before bedtime :)
I was skeptical about going here - but the jungle ride was a lot of fun, they have some good rides, and it's well themed.  the one thing i really remember from this place was this grilled chicken sandwhich i got - it was one of the best i have ever had anywhere, whatever sauce was on it was amzaing!
So some children love vibrant color and the whole fairy-tale scene, but this park is more "natural looking" so it may not be as appealing for children BUT if they love animals (which I'm sure most do), then take them here! Personally, this is my favorite Disney park! And yes, they do have Disney characters walking around...their costumes consist of safari clothing/accessories! How cute! This is a must on your Disney trip..especially if u can't decide on which Disney park to go to! I have never gone here as a child...I guess my parents opted for Magic Kingdom and MGM Studios (now Hollywood Studios) each time, but man was I missing out!! Then again, I love animals and nature and my parents don't even like my pet dog that much haha! Here are my highlights: Expedition Everest--to me, this is the best ride overall in this park...it's a roller coaster...I heart roller coasters. Kilimanjaro Safari--this is more of a relaxing safari ride, you'll see wild animals and beautiful scenery. The Tree of Life--it's not a ride, but it's awesome for photos! Kali River Rapids--it's another "river rapid" ride. you might get what or might not depending the luck of the draw and where you sit. Trails--there are different trails you could follow to see certain animals...kind of like a zoo but in far better settings! Another great opportunity for photos! The CONS:  waiting in lines, pricing, the heat (depending what time of the year you go), and the crowds...it could get packed! Again, this is a Disney park...prepare to spend tons of money!!
out of all the disney parks this has to be my least favourite, although i think they are all brilliant (but if i had to miss one this would be it for me) it is always for some strange reason really hot here, probably because it is mostly outside and there are not many air conditioned areas, the kali rapids are great fun and a good way of cooling down, of course there is the new everest the ride, i thought this was great, made hubby go green, the safari is a must and try to go as early as possible as this is when the animals are most active. good choice of restaurants and there are some wet play areas for the kids so take a towl for them.
Between zoo and park. Lush garden escape from town. Safari ride great.
I could go to this every day! Great show! Very entertaining for all ages. Not a bad seat in the house. It has singing, dancing, great characters and acrobats. They involve some audience members to entertain other audience members before the show, which kids seem to like.  We didn't have any kids with us and we thought it was wonderful.
This is my favorite of all the parks. If you grew up in Florida as I did, you've probably been to your share of Disney and Universal theme parks. Actually, you've probably been to all of them more than a couple times. After a while, although it is still fun, the initial childlike feeling of going to a Disney park loses it's luster after going to Epcot or Magic Kingdom for the fifth time. So actually try a new park and get that feeling back!! Also, two for sure must experience rides: The Safari tour The Yetti coaster
huge disney fan. It was not until exhibiton everest that I would have given it five stars. It is so amazing and u do not see what will happen. Also the animals seem very well tended comapred to many resorts.
My favorite show at Walt Disney world by far.  Most shows I leave thinking 'that was good but I don't care to see it again."  However, I have seen this show 3 times, and I like it just as much each time! This time I had my 6 year old nephew and 3 year old niece with me.  They both enjoyed it and never got bored.  The tumbling and fire twirling amazed them. It is very entertaining and worth the time to go see it if you are at the Animal Kingdom.  There are several shows each day, so it is easy to work it into your busy day.
Definitely worth checking out. The park was as beautiful as any other Disney park. Friendly and courteous staff. The exhibits and attractions were top notch. Plenty of shade to help keep you cool from the Florida sun.
Love, Love, LOOOOVE this place! Compared to the all the Baby Care Center's in Walt Disney World, the one in Animal Kingdom is my absolute FAVORITE for several reasons: 1) A private nursing room (whereas the other parks have community nursing rooms for mothers to share). 2) Big private rooms to fit the whole family!   3) Very comfy padded rocking chairs that seemed cleaner and newer than the ones at the other parks. And the ultimate reason.... 4) The guy on shift (Hassan, I think his name was) was the BEST! He was super friendly, hard-working, and to top it all off, HE is the reason why my son started pin-trading, and started off my son's collection!! He was such a nice guy, I told my son to say Thank You and give him a hug... It must have been the Disney World atmosphere that made the experience "magical" but a large part of the reason was because of Hassan! If you have young kiddies, you need to make a stop at this BCC!! It's a great place to change/feed little ones, and to stop yourself from having a heatstroke!! Plus they have the cutest little Disney merchandise/supplies on sale. Thank you Hassan!!
You got to go and explore.
This is the newest Disney park. Not a whole lot going on in terms of rides (but more to do for kids than Hollywood Studios). The park was also the only one to close early (by 5 pm) during my trip. Lines to greet the characters were way to long. The Kilimanjaro Safari is a must when visiting this park. When I went, the wait wasn't too long and we were on a safari within 20 minutes. I was surprised how close some of the animals were. We saw giraffes, hippos, rhinos and elephants. I was slightly disappointed that we didn't see any gorillas. The other ride I was excited to check out was Kali River Rapids. While the ride was much shorter than I expected, I love water rides (especially in the 90 degree Florida sun). The Dinoland area was way too kiddie, and I felt like I was at a cheap carnival. I guess that was the feel they were going for. The Dinosaur ride, in my opinion, is too scary for young kids. The entire ride is dark, loud and bumpy. If you don't like objects unexpectedly popping out in front of you, then this ride is not for you. I think this park would be a lot better with an expansion.  I'd go here again on a second or third trip; the park was better than I originally expected.
a really fantastic theme park and zoo and you can see and even interact with some animals. the shows and rides are really fantastic park for the whole family. the staff there are really nice and the place is really clean and it will keep everyone entertained for hours on end!!
I really loved my adventure at Animal Kingdom!  I've been wanting to visit this park for years, and finally got the chance during a family vacation. My family and I arrived at the park about fifteen minutes early, which worked out well as they opened the gates a little early and let people congregate around the Oasis (which has some Giant Anteaters and cool birds).  We were held until it was actually OPEN time at the amazing Tree of Life.  We found a few of the animals carved into the tree and even a hidden Mickey. We started our day in Africa because we heard the lines for the Kilimanjaro Safari get really long.  We got our Fast Passes for the safari and did the Pangani Forest Exploration Trail, which is a nearby walking tour where you can see Gorillas, Hippos, Birds, and more.  After the walk, we walked right onto our safari, which was OUTSTANDING.  We had a great guide and saw everything from lions, giraffes, warthogs, cheetahs to elephants, rhinos, ostrich, and crocodiles.  Truly amazing!  Every time you ride is a different experience. After Africa, we ran over to Asia for the Expedition Everest roller coaster.  The lines weren't too long, so we grabbed Fast Passes and got on line...rode once (SO COOL...especially when you go backwards) and then used our Fast Passes to ride again right away.  I was a little disoriented riding twice in the span of a half hour, but it was such an awesome ride.   We skipped the Kali River Rapids because of warnings that people don't just get wet, they get SOAKED.  On a 100 degree day, maybe...but not this trip. Into Dinoland, USA, we went...to the TriceraTop Spin (so fun for people of all ages), the Primeval Whirl (thrilling for a coaster that looks so "easy"), and DINOSAUR (a dark thrill ride that was cool...but almost too dark to see all the amazing effects). My niece loved Camp Minnie Mickey where you can meet all the characters in safari gear.  And the Maharajah Jungle Trek lets you see some huge bats and tigers...totally worth the walk. The only disappointment in Animal Kingdom was Rafiki's Planet Watch, reachable only by a Wilderness Train.  The train ride was fine...offering a nice view of some of the behind-the-scenes peaks at how the animals are fed and where they sleep.  But the Affection Section was just some sheep and pigs...nothing exotic at all.  And we didn't even see Rafiki....just Timon. All in all, this park is like an awesome zoo with some pretty fun rides.  I really enjoyed myself, but you can definitely do this entire park in just one day.
the best theme park and zoo in the world it has the best thrills to the most cutest monkey!! it is a really great day out and everyone will love it. the place is clean and the guys are nice. it is a must do ever and i would totaly recomend it
The parade is wonderful! The path that the floats take seems more narrow then at Magic Kingdom, which means you're closer to everything. They also seem to go slower and interact with the crowd more. You also see tons of characters that you don't normally see at Magic Kingdom. You know, jungle and animal characters. And some of the floats are very Circ du solei ish. Very cool. Also, the crowd for this parade is nothing compared to Magic Kingdom, so you don't have to camp out a long time for a decent spot.
one of the best places to go if you like animals. you can get up close to all the animals. it has its really big thrills and its really fun rides. the food there is spectalur. all the staff there are really freindly and the place is very clean. it is a very interactive. i would recomend it to anyone.
I am actually a huge fan of Animal Kingdom, and it has moved to the top of my list of best theme parks in Orlando.  I love animals and zoos, so I suppose that helps.  Animal Kingdom creates a great atmosphere with lush jungle life and exotic animals.   My favorite part of the park is the safari, which recreates the African savannah complete with lots of wildlife.  It is created so you can see a great deal of animals in a small amount of time and I definitely recommend it.  If you are looking for a show, I would definitely view the Festival of the Lion King, it is a great musical and acrobatic show that is fun for all ages.
If you are going during a holiday or another crowded time, I highly recommend using a touring plan (like touringplans.com or buy the Unofficial Guide book) and get to the park early. If you want to save a load of money and not get wet on Kali River Rapids - pick up disposable ponchos at Wal Mart or other discount store and bring them to the park. They are small and fit in our pockets and kept us relatively dry for .88 cents each. The ponchos at the entrance were between $6 - $8 each. We did the big rides (Dinosaur, Kali River Rapids, and Everest) first thing in the morning then saw Flights of Wonder, Nemo, Lion King, Tough to be a Bug after that, as well as doing the safari and another Everest in the afternoon w/ fast passes. We ate a very late lunch at 3:45 pm (did snacks earlier) at the Rainforest Cafe at the park exit (no wait for seating) and left the park after that. Again, the kids though Everest was THE best ride in all of the parks.   One more note - our 4 year old rode Dinosaur and Everest with no problems (he wanted to do it twice) but he is the youngest and very brave - and understands that the scary things "are just robots, right Mom?"  If you have a timid child you may want to think twice about those rides for kids under 6.  Or at least prepare them for the scary parts.
I worked here as a College Program cast member. I know it's #4 on a lot of people's rankings of the Disney parks, but I love it! I love the animals. They're everywhere! There's always an opportunity to learn. I love DINOSAUR!, Expedition Everest, the detail oriented themes, the safari, the Tree of Life....ahhh I love everything about DAK! :) Also, I saw a couple of people said DAK is the "smallest park"--it's actually the LARGEST!! When you include the safari area especially, DAK is the largest of the four Disney World Parks. It's also the hottest due to all the plants and trees. Also, Restaurantosaurus is my favorite Disney restaurant besides Be Our Guest. Check it out--it's where the grad student interns from the Research Center across the way live. ;)
This place is a unique Disney experience, which is why it definitely deserves 5 stars. First of all, it's the most peaceful of all the parks. Certain areas of this place are just like being in a park.  I love the detail they paid to making it look like Asia, and what's better than roller coasters and wild animals all in one place? My favorites were: the safari ride, the Everest rollercoaster and the Finding Nemo show. This show was very well done. My advice: Get there early because the park closes earlier than the others. Do they Everest ride if you love roller coasters and don't miss the safari. Save some time to watch the monkeys! If you're hungry, the Tusker House is a good nosh. It's buffet style, and just about the best food you'll get in an amusement park!
Destination Animal Kingdom: My Mission was to see some African wildlife. I wanted a giraffe to be right next to my face riding in the safari jeep, seeing the animals roam free. Despite a few sleepy creatures, I was very pleased with my trip. Ran through the park when we got there to get on the Kilimanjaro Safari ride. Granted a giraffe did not sidle up to the side of the car, it was in pretty close proximity. I suppose it would've been too big of a wish to see a herd of wildebeest race down a lion. Rides: Animal Kingdom has it's fair share. The ones to check out are Expedition Everest and Kilimanjaro Safaris. Water rides are my guilty pleasure, I love them but I hate them. Figures I was the person to get entirely soaked down to a wave of water going into my shoes during the Kali River Rapids. The "It's Tough to be a Bug" show got me jumping out of my seat, literally. I was absolutely amazed with the Maharajah Jungle Trek. I'd never seen bats in person, ever. And there was Mr. Bat right there, lounging upside down openings it's wings in all it's glory and showing off his umm....manhood. Right in the front. I felt like the gorillas were giving me the dirty eye. Do check out the Tree of Life. It's an amazing work of art. Animal Kingdom is an amazing place for people of all ages. So full of energy and life. And again, watch out for those crazy stroller groups. Your ankles and toes could be taken out.
Least crowded and most leisurely of the 4 Disney World parks.  Though only a few good rides, the little attractions are what makes this park worthwhile.  The safari ride is awesome; where else can you pet a giraffe and a rhino?
For an animal-lover like me, this place is heaven! This is the only Disney park with a ride that is completely different each and every time. On my most recent trip to Disney World, I was able to watch an elephant playing in the water while on the safari. Not to mention one of the best roller coasters on Disney property - Everest. My only complaint about this park is that it closes early and if there aren't long lines or if you don't want to watch all the animal shows there's not really enough to keep you occupied for an entire day. Regardless, this is definitely my favorite Disney park!
Great for kids but adults, you can skip this if you are w/I little ones on this trip. This is a glorified zoo. Safari ride is fun but nothing amazing, just fun and exciting for the kids. They do however have some great rides like dinosaur and the roller coaster which is not recommended for young children. Great shows. Do not miss Nemo nor Lion King and come early to get good seats, ESP for Lion King! Don't think we will be back but sure glad we experienced it! Not as many animals as you would think around the park besides the safari ride.
I'd rather go to a real zoo than this place.  However, there are some things you can do here that you can't do at a zoo. I think only one day is needed to see this place, unless you have someone in your group that has to see everything. The only thing I like about Animal Kingdom is that the pace is slower than the other parks.
I loved the safari the best!  Does this make me a nature girl?  They could have left the part out about the poachers, but it's Disney. The retro rides are cool, and I like the dinosaur ride as well.  The tree of life is brilliant, especially since it has the indoor theatre.  The show was a neat surprise inside the tree!   Great park with clean restrooms.  The park closes earlier than the other ones to put the animals away, but overall, a great way to spend the day.
I actually liked Animal Kingdom a lot. It was pretty fun and they had some pretty decent rides. Highly suggest doing: -Safari - Kilimanjaro (Can see animals all over) -Expedition Everest (Fun roller coaster) -Dinosaur (Dinosaur, better version of Indian Jones ride at Disneyland) -Little Nemo Musical (puppets, musical show) Food: -Restaurantosaurus  (Great Fudrucker style burgers) Overall you can probably do everything at least once in about four hours.
My Favorite Disney Park! I'm just so sad that I wasn't able to finish it in one day! Rides (in rank order) *Expedition Everest: Go here first to get a fast-pass. *Kilimanjaro Safaris: go at least twice. Once during the early morning and once *Dinosaur Ride: Indiana Jones with Dinosaurs Shows (in rank order) *Lion King: The BEST Show in the park. A definite must!.   *Finding Nemo: A fishy musical complete with many Nemos! *Mickey's Jungle Jam: Disney Parade   *Flights of  Wonder: Good, but you might get hit by the birds.  They tend to fly very low.  The host often asks for volunteers, so don't me shy! Souvenirs *This is the only park where you can get Safari hats with Mickey ears!
This is a great park to go with the kids. We really like walking around and seeing the animals. The girls loving going to see the bats and the bird show. We always take the safari ride .. you just never know what kind of amazing close encounter your gonna get with the animals. (Last time a bunch of white rhino's decided to cut off our vehicle and it was fun to wait for them to cross the street and simply to be that close to an animal is amazing. ) When we lived in Cincinnati we went to the Zoo all the time and even though I wouldn't put Animal Kingdom on the same catagory as an actual Zoo..but  it's very impressive. There are so many great rides and activities to do for all ages.
Who doesn't love animals?  I'm glad I got to go to the water park in the morning, and the zoo afterwards.  I got here around 12:30pm and stayed until the park closed around 5:30pm.  That was definitely enough time to pack everything in on a Feb weekend. You can take the free monorail or what not to see some interesting plants and animals, and lessen your walking time.  The best ride was the safari, where you travel around to see TONS of animals roaming free-it was pretty amazing.  This ride was also probably the LONGEST Disney ride EVER-it lasted about 20 minutes, I'd say.  Now THAT's worth the wait!  Of course-when you come to Disneyland you should strategize by immediately putting a fast pass down for this ride, fyi. The BEST musical ever is here at this park, as well!  I LOVED Finding Nemo the Musical (read the review on that!).  It was simply beautiful, breathtaking, inspiring, and just plain mesmerizing, with its lavish costumes, heavy emotions and bright scenery.  Wow...I'm still awed just thinking about it! There's only one spot for funnel cake here btw, and it was mad SLOW.  They were running out of ingredients so they just skimped on it and tried to throw on as much leftover batches as they could....ick.  This was ten minutes 'til closing time, but still. Anyways.  You can also go into the huge tree of life and see a bug show-cuz it's tough to be a bug!  Be surprised as they poke and spit on you :P The parade is also cute, as are any parades with cute characters dressed up in camp gear/jungle outfits.  Super cute!
I had the best corporate event of my career here. These events can be mind numbingly boring, but not this one.  Great tour guide on the tram throughout the park.  Good food for a mass feeding.  I can not remember his name but the entertainment was spectacular.  So you told this guy a few facts about your co-worker and he made up a song on the spot and sung it to said individual and played a melody on his guitar.  He was so talented. I am not easily amused, he was really great. Each one was different and he created suspense, My co-worker wanted hers to the tune of Brown Eyed Girl and it did not phase him in the slightest.  We had a wonderful time, bonded as a group and laughed all night. I want thing his name was Jerry but not sure. Ask for him if you have a corporate group who wants to have fun. Phenomenal! Thanks to Wild Kingdom, a guy whose name may be Jerry and the hippopotamus that stole my heart.
I always love the disney atmosphere. Animal Kingdom is not my favorite park, but good for the kids. We did have a great BBQ sandwich here. My favorite ride is the Kilmanjaro Safari...fantastic! My opinion get here early, see the sites, then head to Hollywood Studios, you could do these two parks in one day.
I didn't know much about this park so I was more than surprised to have loved it as much as I did! As wedding gifts, my husband and I were given free tickets to Disney Parks for 2 days.  After going to all of them, we loved Animal Kingdom so much that we paid to come back on another day! In a way it doesn't feel like a Disney park, yet it's so well kept and themed! It's big but not TOO big that it's a pain in the ass to get from one area to the other. You can actually see the animals out and about, especially on the Kilimanjaro Safari. The Asian and African areas are very cool too - I almost forgot I was even in America until someone asked how many of us were in our party! Our favorite rides were Expedition Everest and DINOSAURS! Expedition Everest was really fun and smooth and big and the yeti is pretty nuts! DINOSAURS is just pure scary fun. I refuse to ever sit on the sides! Animal Kingdom is really unique and fun and we can't wait to come back one day and share it with our future kids!
After the Magic Kingdom, this park is the second most beautiful place in Disney World. Walking through this park you feel like you are transported to another continent. There is no lack of animals to see here. The Tree of Life is awesome and you NEED to go on the SAFARI! The animals are right in front of you, had a couple of Antelope cross our bus, the Zebras & Giraffes are beautiful and the Lazy Lions are awe inspiring! Then there is Dinosaur, this ride is a smooth hydraulic ride that brings you through the prehistoric era. But the biggy is Expedition Everest!!! The one thrill ride in the park, the last time on it there were technical difficulties the Yetti didn't show up?? But the ride itself is great! There is no doubt I recommend this park to anyone that loves animals and wants a different experience.
If your staying at a Disney resort than give Animal Kingdom a shot. You can have most of the fun it has to offer in about 2-3 hours. Here's how you do it. Once you look at the Tree of Life hang a right toward Dinoland U.S.A. and go on Dinosaur. It's probably their best ride though very underrated. Then continue on to Asia and ride Expedition Everest if the wait time is low (30 minutes or less). Then, go on the Kali River Rapids, then the Maharajah Jungle Trek for photo ops. Then head over to Africa for the Pangani Forest Exploration Trail. Then head towards the tree of life, keep walking past it toward the exit, and leave. That is Animal Kingdom in less than 2 hours. Some people like to do the kids stuff too, but honestly if you have kids, your better off at Magic Kingdom. Now, if your not staying at the resort, and want an animal theme park experience. Drive right past Disney all the way to the end of I4 at a place called Tampa Bay. There you will find Busch Gardens. And Busch Gardens is to Animal Kingdom what a shopping mall is to a dollar store. The animal loving experience is miles ahead of Disneys, and the roller coasters are the best in the state.
My Ratings:   Quantity: 4 - Fun! Quality: 4 - Lots to do! Price: 2 - Pricey for one day's ticket Location: 4 - Cool place! Parking: 4 - Parking lot (you pay!) Service: 3 - ok Speed: 3 - Good Overall: I'm impressed with the Tree of Life and I enjoyed the Safari but once in my lifetime is enough! My Opinion/Story: I enjoyed the shows, the safari tours, and other entertainments.  We didn't do a lot of the other shows but did the tours and rides.  It was a fun ride and the rest of the place was very entertaining.  The animals looked good and healthy.  Some of the shows are a bit old but still fun.  My husband enjoyed the Bug's Life 3D show.  The price of the ticket per person per day is too expensive plus you have to pay for parking which was $15.  I like Disney World but going there once in my life is enough.
This is the coolest zoo I have ever been too. This place is great. It is a totally different experience from the other Disney parks, and thus it's not really fair to compare them. But if you must chose between Disney parks, this one should be considered. The safari ride is the best animal adventure in the park. Go in the morning as the animals will nap through a hot afternoon. Obviously the Everest ride is the bees knees. A must do for anyone. I really liked how the different areas were designed to look like the native location - Africa was the best. Having been to the Magic Kingdom numerous times, this was a very wonderful escape from the typical Disney drag. A must do.
The parade was great!!! We had wonderful seats and they had beer service walking down the center prior to the parade in a vending chart!! GREAT idea!!!! We loved the safari ride, the kids really loved all the animals and how close they were to the trucks. That is all we really did at this park. It seemed very much like a large zoo. I would not do this park for more than a few hours. We did it in the afternoon and it was much less crowded.
Be prepared to walk. Its the largest of the 4, and you can actually take the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, and Hollywood Studios and still have room to spare. And all the rides are spread out. There are some fun rides here, but I definitely couldnt spend more then half a day in this park. I hope they add more, they have the space for sure, and alot of potential. Everest was, and is awesome, we rode it twice, pretty quickly. The Bugs Life 3D is fun to watch, and good to cool down after all the walking. The Safari is fun, but once was enough for me, and theres a few cool things to do in the Dinosaur USA section. The ride where you go back in time is fun, but its really jerky so be careful. Be warned, this isnt a zoo, but there is some animals running around and in certain set ups. Im not sure about the restaurants in the park as well. I have really ever seen snack stands around. But we also plan on being in other parks around lunch and dinner. The more rides they add, then the better this park will become, and it will be good. I think.
I love Animal Kingdom.  From the Safari ride to Expedition Everest, Disney really did a great job on the park.  I love the layout, especially the great scenery you get to walk through right after you get in. My only issue with the safari ride is they intentionally make that ride so bumpy that you cannot get a good photo of any of the animals that you see. Other than that, it is highly recommended.
Disney World wowness 2011.  We got the park hopper and skimmed the hell out of this world.  Stop #2 was this park...ate a damn good 1/2 chicken at the bbq place here (of course i yelped it!) while watching the parade, and enjoyed the few rides.  Expedition Everest was COOL!!!  Great ride for a first timer.   The park is set up nicely with a gigantic tree in the middle to serve as a beacon.  You always know where you are without a map. The safari adventure is pretty cool too but kinda generic and cheesy for a 30+ year old.  Kids love it! Great place to spend a few hours....get the hopper!
Walt Disney World is my all time favorite place to go. Period. I love Animal Kingdom because it has so many different wonderful attractions. Expedition Everest tops the list, though. It's difficult to find another attraction where I actually look forward to waiting in line because there are so many different things to enjoy looking at while waiting that I find myself noticing something different every time. Then you've got Festival of the Lion King, Kali River Rapids, Flights of Wonder, Dinosaur, the list goes on! I know a lot of people call this a "half day" park, and I can see why. It usually feels the hottest as most of the park is uncovered, you're doing a lot of walking because it's the largest park on property and the lines can get long for certain attractions (you'll find this at all four parks, though). Don't leave without trying some of the food in this park as well. Animal Kingdom started really lacking in the food department, but over the past few years it's really gotten a lot better. Flame Tree Barbecue is my favorite at this park though and offers some really fantastic ribs. Don't discount this as a park to miss just because some people call it a "half day" park. Is that really a bad thing? Besides, if you can brave the heat or go on a cool day, you could easily spend the entire day here.
This is definitely my favorite park at Disney World. Love, love, love the safari!
This is one of Disney's half day parks.  Really, that is all you need.  That being said the rides are good and the safari is awesome. Go early spring, late fall, and winter. When it is hot outside, and it is Florida, the canopy the trees make over the sidewalks do not make for cool shade but rather trap the heat. Definitely do Expedition Everest and the safari
Absolutely THE best of the Disney Parks... Where else can you on an African safari without going to Africa? Or traverse the rough seas of the Kali River? Or get to know what it's really like to be a bug inside the Tree of Life? So awesome. My favorite of all the Parks.
EXPEDITION EVEREST!!! - Long wait, but TOTALLY worth it!  I love how when you're standing in line and in that Orlando heat, there are fans and so much to look at.  It makes standing in line a lot more bearable. KALI RIVER RAPIDS - A great way to COOL down!  You WILL get soaked!  So much fun! FINDING NEMO show was SOO cute!  If you loved the movie, you will love this! Disney makes me feel like a kid again. :)
Thoroughly impressed with their African and Asian street scenes. The safari was pretty neat and the Everest roller-coaster was a good time. Very nice park to visit.  Really a highly interactive and amazingly decorated zoo.  Good times.
Excellent stay.  Food is a little exotic, but waking up to animals near the balcony for the kids is great.
This is a park you must arrive at the gate opening. Ride the safari first because you will see all the animals easily , later in the day they get hot and hide in shady colder areas. The park close at 5,  so you want to make them most out of your time here. MUSTS dinosaur the ride expedition Everest safari finding nemo festival of the lion king Its a very cool place to visit, combining the zoo with Disney and rides is a great fusion that i really enjoyed. Just beware of the humidity, for some reason here it seemed to be the most humid compared to the other Disney parks.
The best thing about the Animal Kingdom is the Flights of Wonder wild bird show! Being a falconer, I'm a little biased, but I always love watching them fly. The safari is pretty neat too, and you can see some animals if it's not blazing hot. The Lion King Parade is tops too. This park doesn't really have any of my favorite rides, the one that comes closest is the Dinosaur ride, but it's still a little tame for my taste. But you go to Animal Kingdom for the animals, right?
I wish this theme park was native to the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, CA because I would be there every day if I could to have their Safari Amber beer. Even though this is an Anheuser Busch beer, it is only made for Animal Kingdom and no where else. This review was mainly for the beer, but Expedition Everest is the best Disneyworld ride too.
This one is one of my least favorites of their parks. It's an expensive boring zoo at best! The safari rides are so quick, forget trying to actually get a good picture. I did enjoy the Everest ride (NOT for little kids!!) Again, Disney's attention to detail is breath taking! It closes early and though still crowded, not as nearly as crowded as the other Disney parks. I recommend if you do this park, get the jumper pass, you will be finished with this park about 2-3 hours into it and ready for another park.
Disney's Animal Kingdom was the last of the four parks to open, and it celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2008.  Originally, it was the kind of park that you could see everything in about 1/2 a day, but now with the addition of new rides and shows, you could easily make a day of it. A previous reviewer said to go mid-afternoon, but really, the best time to visit the park is first thing in the morning. It's cooler and more of the animals will be out and about. Come afternoon, especially during the heat of a Florida summer, most animals are hiding in their enclosures. So, what can you expect when visiting this park? Well, it's not too much of a stretch to say animals. But not just any animals. The park has several habitat areas that are themed to certain areas of the world, mostly Africa and Asia. The popular Kilimanjaro Safaris is actually a ride through an African savannah, where guests are driven around in large jeep-like vehicles into the "Harambe Reserve" as the storyline takes you into a race to catch poachers. But the real attraction is the free-roaming animals you will encounter, like elephants, zebra, giraffe, rhinos, hippos, antelope, ostrich and even lions. Your best bet is to head straight back upon entering the park to do this line before the lines become long. I usually grab a FastPass while I'm there to ride it again later because I love this attraction so much. Nearby is the Pangani Forest Exploration Trail, a walk-at-your-own-pace path where you can encounter other African animals, such as gorillas, hippos, several varieties of antelope and my favorite, the meerkat.  Another walk-at-your-own-pace path is the Maharajah Jungle Trek in the Asia part of the park, where you will encounter tigers, gibbons, komodo dragons, birds and even a whole room of bats, among other animals. To complete the animal encounter experience, there are the Discovery Island Trails around the park's iconic Tree of Life, which house everything from lemurs and flamingos to otters and ducks; the Oasis, the twisty animal areas at the front of the park; and Rafiki's Conservation Watch, which is reached by a short train ride and features an educational area on animal conservation, along with a fun petting zoo for the young ones (or those who like to be headbutted by free-roaming goats). If you can't be at a theme park without thrill rides, you have several to choose from. Expedition Everest is the most popular, and is an exciting rollercoaster ride that follows the storyline of a runaway Himalayan mountain train that encounters the mythical Yeti. If you want to ride this, get there early and grab a fastpass - the lines get long early and usually stay that way.   Kali River Rapids is a wild water ride that culminates in a huge drop down a waterfall - not as big as Splash Mountain, but you get a lot wetter. In fact, it's impossible to ride this and not get totally soaked, especially since Disney has placed water cannons for other park guests to shoot you with along the path of the river, so bring a change of dry clothes if you don't like walking around in wet ones, or do like I do and wear a rain poncho. Dinosaur is an indoor track ride that follows the storyline of a jeep full of passengers being sent back in time. It is by far the roughest and most turbulent of all the rides at Walt Disney World and I've found it's one you'll either really love or really hate (I fall into the latter).  Warning: plus-size riders may find the width of the seats too snug, especially once you start getting bounced around. Nearby to Dinosaur are several other more carnival-style rides that are appropriate for those with smaller thrill seekers. Another reason to visit Disney's Animal Kingdom are the big Broadway-style shows like Festival of the Lion King and the new Finding Nemo: The Musical (my most favorite show in all the 4 parks). Both are very interactive and don't-miss parts of a visit to this park. I usually start my day at this park and then finish with one of the other parks for the nightly fireworks. In fact you could easily go from here to Disney's Hollywood Studios and still hit most of the major attractions on your list.  But for animal lovers, this park is a must-visit!
Kilimanjaro Safari is fun, it feels like in a Safari. Expedition Everest is similar Space Mountain.  Equally fun. This parks closes earlier than other park.  But if you start your day early, you can enjoy the park in one day.
Animal Kingdom is somewhat like a glorified zoo. But what happens when Disney does a zoo is pretty magical. I loved the safari and the African town. And then there was Dinoland with all kinds of fun rides. And, of course, there's Expedition Everest. Top all of that with lots of animal, trails, Disney magic, and good food and drinks. So yeah, don't skip this park. And it's nice because you can do it in a day. In fact, you can do it in half a day. So take advantage of the Park Hopper option, and arrive here when the park first opens (animals are more active in the morning) and then end your day at another Disney park. I had a great time here and really enjoyed it.
This is the park that is most like a zoo -- it's at a much slower pace and it's rather refreshing if you need a "cool down day." Although in terms of space, it's much larger than Magic Kingdom, the space is given to the animals, so it works out to be smaller than MK. It's a nice park, with wonderful animals to see and my favourite was the bird room. After all, two [baby] chicks took off after my BF as he was trying to leave. Which was all kinds of lulz as their mother looked as puzzled as the rest of us.
Ughhhhhhhh I dislike this park with ALL my heart : ) 1. It Closes at 5pm EVERY day except if you are a Disney Resort Member then you have Extra Magic Hours once a week. 2. Most of the time The frakin Animals are laying about why??? Because its Florida and its 90 something degrees out. Hell I'd lay in the shade too. 3. The shows are not as frequent as the Other Parks. If you miss the 3:00 Finding Nemo Show you have to run to the other side of the park to make the 3:30 Lion King Show . Oh and the last Safari tour is at 5pm so you better get that out of the way asap 4. Its just to Flippin Hot in Florida 5. there are NO indoor restaurants besides Yaki Yeti which is $$$ so your forced to set outside in the Hot Florida sun The only thing good about this Park is The New Expedition Everest Ride. The only reason I went was because it was The bf's first time going I'd never waste 6 hours here again.
Great.  My 1st time here.  The drive through safari is nice.   Array of animals to look at.
Let me set the scene: it is December 1997 and I was in Orlando with my two BFFs. We partied a little too hard the night before we planned to go to Animal Kingdom and ended up not heading out the door til the late, late hour of 10am. I danced around in the car in anxious anticipation. We arrived at the shinning gates of Animal Kingdom... only to be turned away because the park was full (insert sad, disappointed faces). Fast forward: it's 2010 and my husband and I take an impromptu trip to Orlando and get our hands on a couple of free employee park hopper passes. ANIMAL KINGDOM, HERE I COME!!!   I practically skipped my way into the entrance... and that's where the excitement died. The park seemed to be mostly stores and booths selling food. The rides were few and far between. Yes, the Jungle Safari ride was cool and I ended up with an ostrich face inches from my own. Yes Expedition Everest was AWESOME. Yes, It's Tough to Be a Bug was cute. But aside from that, you're spending $79 a person to just spend the day at the zoo. Believe me... I love me some zoos. I got married last summer at Brookfield Zoo and enjoyed the heck out of it. However, it's only like $12 a person to go to that zoo... and you see more animals. I dunno. Unless I found myself with free tickets again (SO glad I didn't pay to get in this park) I don't think I'll return. I'd rather spend two days at Magic Kingdom.
Let me start by saying I about Killed my Brother-in-law after he made me ride this ride. I hate to go upside down, loops, backwards etc. Basically I like the kiddy roller coasters. He assured me this one was a kiddy coaster. So ok I go. He is smirking the whole time so I should have known something was up. The 6 of us walk through the line to get to the ride and the walk alone is cool. Yeti stuff and snow expedition items make it a lot of fun to walk through. We get to the roller coaster and Brother-in-law said Hubby and I should sit in front to get the whole experience. Ok so we set in front. I am nervous but I relax after the first couple baby drops and decide this cool and pretty awesome. I really am enjoying the ride and am glad Brother-in-law convinced me to ride it. But then we get to the end and it is a dead end. How do we get off??? Does the dead end open up and you go down another little hill??? Do you stop and a side door opens and you get off??? How do we get off??? Really how do we get off??? Then you heard a noise and feel the track locks open. HOLY CRAP WE ARE GOING TO DO THE WHOLE RIDE BACKWARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HELP GET ME OFF THIS CRAZY RIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Brother-in-law is behind us laughing maniacally. I am going to kill him. After the short panic attack I realize I am not going to die on this ride and wait a minute, this is actually kind of fun. I like it?!?!?! I do, I really do like it. We get back to the beginning of the ride now the end and get off the roller coaster. Brother-in-law and hubby look at me, thinking is she going to kill us? Should we run? I actually start laughing and ask if we can do it again. Absolutely one of the best rides in the park.
In the jungle, the mighty jungle...of Disney!! This Disney park is very well done and does a great job of bringing all the animals closer than one may get. Because we stayed on property we were able to take advantage of the extra hour that morning and were able to ride Everest 3 times in a row before trekking over to the Kilimanjaro safari. I was very impressed with the Festival of the Lion King show.  The dancing was amazing and it made you feel like you were in the movie. Our last ride of the day was the Kali River Rapids and you will get soaked, it felt great on the hot hot day. We also sat in on A Bug's Life experience and experienced the era of the Dinosaur with the rides and the attractions. Animal Kingdom did not take us a full day, however and we can honestly say we made it to everything.  We wrapped up the day with a meal at Rainforest Cafe, on the grounds of Animal Kingdom. If you want a piece of Africa without the plane prices, this is a great choice!!
This is a smaller park with great attractions. The Safari is a big draw for a lot of people who may not have a world class zoo in their backyard like I do. What made this a winner for us was: Dinosaur, the Bug's Life show, The Lion King and Dino Dig as well as Nemo. Camp Minnie Mickey makes the characters very accessible and they are all in super cute safari gear. The park is not the easiest to navigate and often has bottlenecks that are difficult to get through with children and strollers. Overall, a great park.
This place is well worth the visit.  The 20 minute safari ride takes you up close to all the wildlife.  Line are not long and their shows are very entertaining.  The only thing I didn't like was the parking situation, which takes a while to get in and out of.  Keep this in consideration, if you do not plan on staying at the park all day. I had a park hopper ticket, so I wanted to take full advantage of this and the other parks.  I will add though that Disney is efficient, from start and end times of their shows to operating their monorail and shuttle system.  I was impressed.
What I really like most about this park is that there is alot of shade.   Don't think that's a big deal?  Where would you rather stand in 90 degree heat, 90% humidity... under a canopy of trees or Main St USA (aka Magic Kingdom)? Uh-huh, thought so!   This is a nice park.  The best rides are Mt Everest and the Safari.  Take the safari in the late afternoon\evening hours and you'll see more animals.  The water rapid ride was a little disappointing, the one at Islands of Adventure is better.  Bugs Life 3D show is good, unless you're arachnophobic.  Then it's more like a horror show.
Although Disney's Animal Kingdom is a research center in a theme park setting, some people believe this place is a zoo.  This park interested me a couple years ago, when I last visited this park.  Although it began to heavily rain by about 1 PM the day of my attendance (therefore, I wasn't able to see all rides in person). Things changed since then, but Disney's always been a hit seller for my family, and I am very sure I still will be able to answer to these new rides and shows too. Five times the size of Disney's Magic Kingdom, this park is divided into seven core worlds - all centered around one core hub object(and show inside this object)- The Tree of Life, which features a bright and innovative show that takes its visitors on a ride to see how a bug "sees your actions you take on it."
This is probably my favorite Disney World Park. I remember the little trail leading into the park would have a lot of animals roaming around, but this time, there weren't many of them out there. I was able to see a few lemurs and a couple of cranes. Some of my favorite places to visit in this park is probably Dinoland and Asia. Some rides I recommend: 1. Expedition Everest - get there early so you don't have to wait too long in line! This rollercoaster was a lot of fun. It's a pretty decent rollercoaster and you get a really great view of the whole park! 2. Kali River Rapids - bring a raincoat, or you will get soaked. You can always dry off over at Expedition Everest as well. 3. DINOSAUR - this ride is a lot of fun. It's almost like Indiana Jones over at Disneyland. You're in a moving vehicle and its completely dark in there! Don't miss out on It's Tough To Be A Bug over at The Tree of Life. They closed down the walk through the tree, so you don't get to see the amazing animals engraved on the tree, but the show is still good. So don't miss out on that! This park is a nice place to be at if you want to be out of the sun because the trees offer a lot of shade. Still, bring water, sunblock, and be sure to take lots of pictures. This is a really great park to visit!
Overall, Disney's Animal Kingdom was a great experience. The abundance of extras ensures you'll have a wonderful time, even if you don't have any little ones! However, if it is just a zoo you are looking for and nothing else I wouldn't suggest spending the money - you'd be able to see the majority of the animals at another zoo at a fraction of the cost.
I went here when it first opened in 1998 so it was nice to see the new changes to the park on its 10th anniversary! AK is a pretty cool park, in my mind more like Busch Gardens than a Disney park.  We did a half day here mainly because we wanted to head over to Epcot for the Food and Wine Festival. First stop was the birds(which were pretty cool) and character photos.  The tree of Life was gorgeous so we got a couple of those! Then we went to the Safari. This was the highlight of the day for me.  So awesome--we saw giraffes, lions, ostrich, and elephants, among others.  IT is just amazing.   We then did Everest which was so neat.  Not like any other roller coaster I ever did.  I liked the part when we were in the snow mountains.   We stopped at Dinoland for a bite and to do the dinosaur ride.  I didn't think it had changed at all, except it was more rocky. The Jamin parade is pretty cool too. The cast is so into it. We did a couple other small things and then headed over to Epcot. Worth a visit if you have never been.
I think the only time I've been here was with Dawn. And it really was great. Very tropical and a lot of real animals to see! I remember a lot of dinosaurs ohh and a great ride on the rapids. We got soaked, so use the little compartment int he middle for your stuff, and either ride it last or dress appropriately, you most likely will get soaked.
I love that way the park winds you through and around animal exhibits. The park is clean and well maintained like all Disney parks and usually a little less crowded than the others. The highlight would be the Safari ride which gets you up close to the animals and makes you forget you are in a "zoo". This would be THE top place to view animals in Central Florida. The exhibits are large and there seems to be a lot of enrichment and because of that, happy animals. I was a bit disappointed in Everest, I remember thinking, "This is it?" and then it was over. Get a fast pass but I wouldn't wait too long for it. It is a great park to wander through, relax and enjoy your day.
My boyfriend and I went to Disney and knew going in that we could only chose ONE park to vist due to our short stay, so we chose this one, as he's never been to the AK and I enjoyed it so much when I visited it in 2000. Thing with my boyfriend is he all MAN and he went into this saying..I want to see the animals.  So we first head to the Safari.  We got a fast pass and then headed over to view the other parts of the park.  I say pass on the WildLife Express train ride unless you really want to visit the Affection Section of Rafiki's Planet Watch.  I didnt,  but knew that he wanted to see the animals.    Well after seeing a pig eat its own feces...he was ready to HEAD back. We got back to the Safari line but still had 6 minutes before time for our Fast Pass so we went in a few of the shops.  I will say...if you want Animal Kingdom souviner, this is the place to get them as they will not be available at the World of Disney store in Downtown Disney. The Safari was nice and bumpy.  Our driver was a just what you wold expect from a Disney employee...upbeat, fun, and full of personality.  We saw Rhinos, Antelopes, Giraffes, a sleeping Lion, and a Hippo (HUGE) and missed out on catching a poacher. (ha ha) After leaving Africa, we went to the Greeting Trails in Camp Micky and Minne.  Mikey, Minne, Goofy, and Donald were out.  But there were no Mickey and Minne together lines, so it kinda sucked to have to choose one or other....We chose Mickey...of course! Off to Asia....but first a stop in DinoUSA to get one of those Huge Turkey legs.  I suggest they wrap these in foil, instead of sandwich paper, as there is no way to eat the whole thing and I could have taken it back to the hotel to eat later instead of throwning away a $9 turkey leg. Once we got to Asia, we took the Maharaja Jungle Trek, saw the Tigers and a few other animals whose names I dont remember...and then headed to the Kali River Rapids.....I hate being wet, so we save this for the last ride of the day.  Can I say FUN??!!!  And I didnt get SOAKED as  all the reviews said I would. (TIP...start the ride out with your back to the beginning of the ride)...because my boyfriend did get SOAKED. We did walk over to the Expedition Everset (EE) roller coaster just to see where those shreiks and screams were coming from....and I'll just say we both passed on this roller coaster ride. My only complaint of this park was the lack of employee knowledge of other areas from this park.  I asked 4 employees where the Royal Anderdrum Tea Company  (RATC) was in Asia...and all 4 times I was sent back or from the EE area....one "booth" was DIRECTLY next to RATC, and we were still sent the wrong way.  I finally found it as we were leaving Asia to exit the park. As we began to leave the park we where held up by Mickey's Parade, but it was very livey and exactly what you would expect from a Disney parade.  As we were leaving, a employee asked us if we wanted to catch the last show of Its Tough to be a Bug.  I did...and so did he.  It was a very exciting and lively show that shouldnt be missed that is held inside the Tree of Life, but well worth waiting until its near closing time if the lines are long. There is a shuttle ride back to your car in the parking lot.  Parking was $12, and be sure to make a note of where you car is park, as you really won't remember when you exit the park.  Also...this is were he bought my "mouse ears" in the form of earrings.  You dont really feel like you are at Disney until you don a pair of mouse ears.  Trust me on this!!
Animal Kingdom was all right.  A couple of standout rides, and they sell beer so I can't complain!  The Kilimanjaro Safari was the highlight for me... we did an afternoon and morning ride and definitely saw a difference: see it first thing in the morning for active animals.   Expedition Everest is a thrilling back and forward coaster, although I didn't like it as much as Rockin Rollercoaster.  Dinosaur was surprisingly very scary, and seeing people of all ages looking legit terrified in our picture was hilarious.  We also did the Asian animal walkthrough and were amazed at the huge bats they have. We had lunch at the Yak and Yeti.  I got the seared salmon and kinda wished I'd picked something else... it just wasn't anything special.  The fried wonton dessert is definitely something I'd recommend, though, and it's big enough to share with 2-3 people. It's about half "zoo" and half rides/shows.  I would definitely return if I had the means.
A very different roller coaster that's extremely entertaining.   The surroundings you go through during the waiting process is the most detailed I think I have seen with any of Disney's rides. To be honest the detail put into the whole ride is pretty amazing. They definitely focused a great deal on that. A must ride at Disney's Animal Kingdom.
Love it here.  It never gets old!! A beautiful park with a great Safari ride, cute as heck parade, amazing gorillas, and a fun, but easy roller coaster.  I am always in awe by the engineering of this park.  How do they do it?  It's spectacular in its ambiance, truly. The entire family will love it here, I'm certain of it.
Unlike Disneyland, where you have the choice between two parks, Disney World is spread over hundreds of acres of land at six different parks.  This means getting a bus from your "resort" to each one, with a park certainly taking up a day if you try to see it all. Animal Kingdom was one of the parks we saw later in our visit.  After a solid week with a Humidex in the mid-40s, it was getting tough to be outside.  We found Animal Kingdom to be one of the hotter parks; there seemed to be a lot of concrete/asphalt out in the open sun -- especially the walk from the bus drop-off zone to the front gate. Definitely go on Expedition Everest (and use the single rider line -- thank you, Disney!).  Also, as you exit, there is a little cappuccino bar; they serve a Strawberry fruit smoothie that is amazing!
Gorgeously themed. Both the regular line and fast pass lines have so much to see! Be sure to ring a bell or 2! The ride itself is fun - a bit more intense than Thunder Mtn, but definitely OK for all but the most timid. I won't spoil the surprises.
We were there almost two hours before we saw a live animal.  Perhaps my expectations were wrong, but it seems to me there should be more animals and less other things.  Eh . . . The Lion King show was pretty good.  The safari I have mixed feelings about.  I liked it, but there were elements to it (like the rumble strips) that really took away from the experience.  It felt a bit rushed, although we saw some wonderful animals. The walk-through tour near the safari was also very good.  I enjoyed it immensely.  But there didn't seem to be much else throughout.  Food was typical of Disney . . . not good. Lots to buy here.  I like the look and feel of the park.  I would return here, but I might combine it with something else too.
3.5 stars Animal Kingdom was the only WDW park that I hadn't visited yet and I was really excited to visit. Unfortunately, it didn't really live up the high expectations that I had set. The safari was fun and we saw a lot of animals, but I (somewhat stupidly) thought that the animals would be roaming more freely. I became a little suspicious when I noticed that the tour guide's speech seemed a little too scripted like the animals are always in the same place. Then I started to see the moats and fences that kept the animals in their areas. The best part was the ostrich eggs by the side of the road. I mean come on, what kind of dumb ostrich would really lay their eggs by a road?? Expedition Everest was fun and I actually loved all of the interesting things to look at while in line. The backwards part of the ride was also very surprising, although I was disappointed by the "yeti" which I thought would be more like in the Matterhorn at Dland. The Kali River Rapids was way short and definitely not as good as the one at Islands of Adventure or even Grizzly River Run at CA Adventures. As others have mentioned, Dinosaur, was a lot more intense than I expected and was actually kind of scary! The Lion King show was pretty impressive, but it's a bit of a hike to the theater after a long day of walking. We kind of rushed through the park a little because we wanted to hit up Epcot too, but I think you can see most of the major things in half a day. We were fortunate to have short (less than 20 min) lines and no kids to slow us down. Animal Kingdom is a good park if you haven't been, have park hopper tickets, or just want a short(er) day where you don't have to be at a park all day and night.
One of my favorites, if not my favorite park at Disney World.  The safari/nature/zoo theme with Disney influences make it a unique experience.   Highlights - Animals on the safari -Everest coaster - Lion King show - Finding Nemo Musical The tree of life on the river is a sight to see.  It was gorgeous to run through during the marathon!
Uhm.....disappointment and waste of time and effort to bus here! We tried the following:     Kilimanjaro Safaris (animals do look happy, and free), Kali River Rapids (this was fun, so fun, we got soaked twice), It's Tough to be a Bug! (Pixar's It's A Bug's Life), we thought it was a bit much for little kids (they were all screaming and sobbing) and walked the Pangani Forest Exploration Trail. Sorry, I'm not a roller coaster fan, so I can't give an opinion on it. Honestly, I'd skip this park the next time I visit Disney World.
Animal Kingdom was a nice surprise during my trip to the Disney World.  My second favorite park out of the four. I personally am not a fan of animals and zoos, but this park had a good combination of zoo, rides, and Disney all in one. The tree of life in the center of the park was an amazing sight. I was pretty mesmerized by how innovative the whole thing looked. I enjoyed the safari because it was nice way to see all the animals without walking so far and for so long. There were a plethora of different Disney characters you could take a picture with. There was Lilo and Stitch and different characters in their safari gear. It was great and the lines were super short in January.
We loved Animal Kingdom! The safari was the best part. You get to be up close and personal with all the wild animals. We saw tigers, giraffe, wart hogs, elephants and rhinos. The animals come right up to the car - truly an amazing experience. My daughter got her face painted like a tiger which she absolutely loved. The make-up artists were fast and very nice. Another high point was the turkey leg that we bought from one of the concession stands. It was DELICIOUS! We devoured the leg like a bunch of savages. It was that good. The rides in Dino Land were also a lot of fun. Definitely a great park!
If you like zoos and Disney, this place is like a dream come true!   Expedition Everest and Kilimanjaro Safaris Expeditions are the two you cannot miss.  They have many animals to see.  Be prepared to get soaking wet on Kali River Rapid.  Thank god we got on it at the very end.  Wildlife Express Train is a very relaxing and resting ride going through the jungle.   You get to see Mickey and Minnie in safari outfit...cute! :)   They have Mickey's Jamming Jungle Parade too.   Unlike Epcot, Animal Kingdom is more for children who like animals. That being said, I still enjoyed this park!
What can I say?  It's Disney...you can't really get better than this!   If you get there when the park opens, wait time for the popular rides are no more than 5 minutes.  How awesome!
At first I always felt like Animal Kingdom was like going to an overpriced zoo. But it's so much more than that. The safari, the river rapids, the roller coaster. There is actually a lot more to do here then would first seem. And the thing that I have grown to appreciate about this park actually is that the safari ride is different every single time you ride it. You never know what animals are going to be out & about and you never know how active they'll be. I wouldn't pay to go to this park individually on a regular basis, but with us now being pass holders, I could see visiting this park at least every other time I'm in the area.
MAKE A B-LINE FOR THE SAFARI !!! My best advice is run for that safari ride in the North section of the park the very minute the park opens.  This was the best advice I was given and it seemed everyone at the gate went right for this attraction the second the gates opened. Other than the Safari the park wasn't more exciting than my local zoo.  The place really just didn't blow me away.  Magic Kingdom was by far the best Disney park.
Animal Kingdom was an amazing experience.  The park exceeded my expectations by far.  I initially complained about the cost ($89 pp) of visiting this park however, once I was there for 30 minutes, my views changed. The park is divided into several areas.  My family enjoyed Africa the most.  My daughter and I rode the Expedition Everest which was AWESOME. Watching the beautiful animals and being able to have such a up and close encounter was incredible.   My only gripe about the part was the absurd prices for food and drink.  A freaking Edy's Fruit bar cost $3.50.  Needless to say, no fruit bar for me.   All in all our visit to Disney's Animal Kingdom was great and I plan to return.
It's a great park if you love animals. It's more of a laid back park compared to the others. The Festival of Lion King show is a must see. It's probably my favorite attraction at this park. I always love seeing it. The last time I was at Animal Kingdom, was probably 2006. I like to see what they have done, added, or changed to the park.
Love this place! Get there early to see best selection of animals. They aren't active in the heat of the day.
The whole day was wonderful but they really really dropped the ball when it was time to leave, they were short trams to return us to the parking lot and it took is about 40 mins.
Mini version of a NY Lion King Broadway show!!! Awesome music, energy & dancing/ acrobats. Should not be missed! They run every hour & worth the wait, but come early to get a good spot on months when the park is busy.
When I first came to Animal Kingdom as a teenager about 10 years ago, I hated it.  Granted, it was right after the park first opened and they still didn't have much.  But, I thought, why would I want to go look at a bunch of animals when I could be riding Space Mountain? I recently went back this summer, and now that I'm a little older, I can appreciate Animal Kingdom much better.  Animal Kingdom is basically half zoo and half theme park.  There are all kinds of live animals sprinkled throughout the park: exotic birds, flamingos, monkeys, tigers, and so on.  Plus, they have a safari ride - which is intended to simulate an African safari - where you can see giraffes, elephants, hippos, and lions, and actually get somewhat close to them. But they also have some fun rides to check out.  The highlight is the Everest roller coast in the Asia section.  It's a LOT of fun and a must-ride.  The Dinosaur ride in Dinoland USA is fun too.  Nothing else really stands out, and a few of the rides were disappointing (such as the roaring rapids ride). There's aren't really any amazing food options, unfortunately, but Animal Kingdom closes earlier than the other parks (~7:00) so you can head elsewhere for dinner anyway (Epcot or Downtown Disney, for example). I've definitely gained an appreciation for this park that I didn't have when I was younger.  It's not as great as, say, Epcot or Magic Kingdom, but I still recommend it.
I really wasn't expecting to like Animal Kingdom. It's just a zoo, right? WRONG. Animal Kingdom is like a full absorption into Asia and Africa. The areas are conscientiously designed, down to the paintings on the walls, and the food carts in each section. Meticulous detail is displayed everywhere, from the massive tree of life to the line for the Kali River Rapids (Where you WILL get wet! But you'll dry fast on a hot day and it'll feel GREAT.). The safari ride is well worth it, and Pizzafari has some of the best pizza I've ever had. The fruit vendors in Africa were also a great touch. This is a great place for kids, families, or anyone who wants to feel like they're visiting Asia or Africa for the day!
Fun for the whole family. This is an amazing animal park. It can be a little crowed at times so be prepared. Overall a good park!
This is one of the cooler Disney parks in that it has some attractions, but focuses on the zoo portion and their animal preservation efforts. I came in June, so it was super hot and sticky.  Nothing an overpriced coca-cola and Mickey-emblazoned poncho couldn't fix.  Actually, those rain ponchos they sell here are awful.  Save your $12 and just get soaked; you'll get soaked from sweating inside this poncho. My favorite was the safari ride.  There are no fences between the tour bus and the animals, so sometimes they get right up next to you!  It was very cool. The rides are so-so, mostly geared for children.  The roller coaster was neat but made me motion sick.  I really enjoyed their tea hut! I am not a Disney fan, but this place wreaks less of Disney than any of the other parks, so I guess that makes me a fan.
Animal Kingdom is overall a neat place.  Disney does a great job of executing the theme for this park with small nuances and large ones like the Tree of Life, which is pretty impressive. I wish we had a better experience with the African Safari though, but thanks to some migrating wildebeasts we had to stand in line for an extra 45 minutes which made the experience a bit less exciting. The same clean feel, friendly atmosphere and happy, Disney vibe are replicated here and will put a smile on your face even if you have to wait for moving animals.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is not a theme park that you need a whole day for, unless you want to do every. single. ride. in the entire park.  Half a day should be more than enough.   When my boyfriend and I visited, the park wasn't very crowded.  (Well, it was New Year's Day, and we went in the morning.  I imagine most of the crowds were sleeping off the previous night's festivities.)  We were able to do most of the big name rides in the first few hours with minimal line waits - 5 minutes for Everest, 5 minutes for the Kilimanjaro Safaris, etc.  These big rides were fun.  Everest is a great roller coaster, the faux safari was a great way to see the larger African animals in a fun way.  The Finding Nemo musical was really neat. The one ride that did disappoint us was the Dinosaur ride - it's so dark that you can barely see the dinosaurs!  That's rather pointless!  I mean, compared to Disneyland's Indiana Jones ride - which uses the same ride vehicles and runs an identical track - it's just so...boring.   By mid-afternoon, we were done with the park.  This was after wandering many of the 'animal paths' at a leisurely pace and stopping to admire every giraffe sculpture in the area.  There just isn't a lot ot do here.  It's nice to visit if you're at Disney for an extended period of time - after all, some of the resort's best rides are here - but if all I had was a chance to visit one ticket, I'd feel seriously cheated.
Again - everyone has said plenty about this park, therefore below I have given my two cents on what you defiantly should check out when in Animal Kingdom.. Safari (make sure you do it ASAP as the line gets super long) Expedition Everest (Make sure you fast pass it) It's Tough to be a Bug (Primarily for kids but still great for adults) Dinosaur Oh and of course when you are in animal kingdom - make sure you get a close look of the Tree of Life. Pretty Amazing!
So what do you get when you cross a zoologist with a Disney cartoonist? Apparently Animal Kingdom theme park, a very fancy zoo wearing elaborate makeup. The park has hundreds of acres populated with all manner of beasts, birds, reptiles, fish, and amphibians. We scuttled to the Kilimanjaro Safari first, which was excellent (though I could have lived without the schlocky "There are poachers on the loose!" storyline), and then walked through some outdoor exhibits. Unfortunately it was very cold when we visited, so many animals did the sensible thing and stayed indoors. But there was still plenty to enjoy. "It's Tough To Be A Bug" was a very enjoyable 3D film, though I'm yet to really enjoy ANY 3D film. Most of our party enjoyed the "Festival of the Lion King" show, though it left me somewhat cold. "Dinosaur" in Dinoland USA was by far the favorite ride of everything we saw at the park, though, with an elaborate animatronic-aided ride through the past. All of us enjoyed "Finding Nemo: The Musical", too, but I found myself wishing all the way through that they'd find someone to write much better songs! The presentation (which I won't spoil for you, because it's really very good) was tremendous, though, and more than made up for the poor music. Expect to see this show expanded to a full 90 minutes and start touring any week now. I hear that many people complain about Animal Kingdom's "educational" sheen, finding it lacking in entertainment as a result. A fine piece of advice is to engage as many of the Disney cast members (aka "staff" to you, me, and every other mortal on Earth) in conversation about the animals. This makes for a much better experience than the alternative, I'm sure.
This is an amazing show filled with talent guaranteed to impress anyone. The show is really only half an hour long but it's filled with singing, dancing and impressive acrobatics. My favorite were the tumble monkeys who did a fun lively trapeze routine. There is also a little audience participation too for those who aren't too shy. This place is also highly air conditioned for those who need a break from the Florida summer.
BRING THE KIDS OR ANIMAL LOVERS ALIKE! I'm not big on animals but this place was fun and educational. Thought it was cool seeing all the different live animals and the animals carved in the giant tree by It's Tough to be a Bug, the African Safari... So many things MUST MUST  check out Animal Kingdom it is great I plan on returning there they do have fast pass also. Thanks. quick tip: watch your back in ANTZ show :).
Favorite Disney park with least amount of commercial merchandising and selling. Loved the safari, saw tons of animals. They also have a lot of trails to walk and explore and a small petting zoo. Loved the Yeti roller coaster too, it was one of the best in Disney!
Probably the only Disney park I would even think about rating less than 5 stars because of the layout. Definitely gets overly crowded because of the awkward layout and how all the main rides are in one central location, but still an awesome experience with the safari and the yeti ride which is awesome!!!
On a hot summer day, the stars dwindle to two.  But on a cool October day, as I recently experienced, it's a stellar 4 stars. AK is not my favorite park.  By the time I get to it, I've been walking forever and my legs are tired; this is a walking park.  If you like to walk and see wildlife, though, this is no antiquated zoo.  It's quite lively. My only complaint is that the temp is always 10 degrees hotter in this park than any other theme park.  And that certain parts of the parks are devoted solely to kids.  But some of the restaurants and rides are highly improved - it's getting better for adults.
While I don't have the same memory bank from Disney's Animal Kingdom that I have from the other parks, it's still an enjoyable trip that gets better each time I go!  I last visited two weeks ago, and while the park is out of the way, I end up enjoying myself more than I ever expect to. Disney's Imagineers put a staggering, amazing amount of effort into creating a theme park experience unlike anything you've ever experienced.  The lush vegetation everywhere, combined with the rock formations and authentic building designs, really takes you out of Central Florida and puts you somewhere else.  As I've gotten older (I'm only 27), I've really started to appreciate the escapism that the park provides.  If you take the park at the right pace, you'll notice something new every time, and you can really feel immersed in whatever land you happen to be visiting. Attractions?  Kilimanjaro Safaris is wonderful, particularly if you get a good driver who spiels at a reasonable rate to the point that you can understand him or her.  My last driver (think his name was Matt) was one of the best that I have ever had, mainly because he didn't rush through everything.  Expedition: Everest is fantastic - I rode it a week into soft opening in 2006 and have done so several times since.  It's not the most intense coaster ever, but it's far from a dark ride.  It's Tough to Be a Bug is fun the first few times you go, but based on the sounds of crying and screaming young children throughout the show, it may not be the best experience for the very little ones (intense 3D and sensory effects).  I'm not so keen on Dinosaur (kind of jerky) and Kali River Rapids tends to work best only when it's really hot. What's also neat is that you don't have to do any rides or attractions to see animals.  In fact, you don't have to wait in any lines; you can often see them in spaces between attractions. The downsides of Disney's Animal Kingdom are: 1.  Heat.  The park can be very hot.  Luckily, I tend to visit Disney in March and October, when the weather is more temperate, but it can be hard to escape the sun when it's beating down on Central Florida.  And, as another reviewer mentioned, it's not easy to escape the sun. 2.  Lack of evening entertainment.  I understand that the animals need to come off stage early because they're on a tight schedule.  That's fine.  The park tends to close very early, and it only stays open until 8pm even on Extra Magic Hours nights.  They obviously can't have fireworks due to the animals, but I think Disney should give people a reason to go late other than the attractions. 3.  Remoteness.  The park is in the far southwest corner of Disney property.  Unlike the other three theme parks, which can be reached by monorails (except Studios) and boats, the only way to get to the park is by bus.  While the Disney buses are just fine, I like to think that part of the destination is the journey, and it would be neat if there were some alternative way of getting there.  (Even if you stay at the Animal Kingdom Lodge, you have to take a bus.) If you're the kind of person who likes to do the "Disney Death March" (rush from attraction to attraction to do as much as possible in the shortest amount of time), then Disney's Animal Kingdom may not be the park for you.  But if you want to take it easy, let yourself be taken away by the surroundings, and enjoy a true immersive experience, then visit the park!  If you can, go during the cooler season, as you'll see more animals. "Jambo!"
Out of the four Disney amusement parks (not including the waterparks), this was my favorite hands-down.  Rides were amazing, shows were awesome and the sights were out of this world! Don't forget to go on the Safari ride, it is truly unique and the tour guides are very entertaining.  BTW VERY IMPORTANT WARNING: you WILL get soaked on the rafting ride!  Unless you are dying to get soaked or have a sturdy poncho, avoid this ride.  I came out of this ride completely drenched. There are lots of places to take great pictures so make sure you charge that camera up!
Outside of Epcot, I was looking forward to this park more than the rest. I guess in that sense it kind of disappointed me.  Everest wasn't as good as I thought it would be and the Kilimanjaro Safari's we waited over 2 hours because they couldn't get animals off the path. Don't know if It was worth the wait but got a great shot of the trapped baby elephant at the end Despite that, we still covered the entire park, even took the train to a seperate part of the park and viewed stuff there.  Really benefits if you want the "zoo experience" in addition to a theme park. I mean it was fun, and I enjoyed it . . . and I would go again, but I didn't think it lived up to my expectations.  Maybe another time in the future will be better.  I had complimentary passes, but I think I would have felt cheated if I paid regular admission.
The best ride in Animal Kingdom.  I wouldn't say it's the best in WDW.  There's  I think the Aerosmith coaster in Hollywood Studios is better.   I was a little dissappointed that the Yeti wasn't there the last time I went on it.  It was like i didn't have closure on the ride.  In any case, it's still fun.  I did get a little motion sick for a few minutes after the ride.
Animal Kingdom is better than what people give it credit for. It is a nice park you can take at a slow place. It's really beautiful. It's the 'easy going' park. I always have more fun than I expect. Everest and the Kilamanjaro Safaris are rides you must go on. They are fun, exciting, and well worth their wait. Bug's Life and Nemo are adorable shows that are nice breaks. And Dinoland is wonderful - that Primeval Whirl is a crazy, cute ride that is purely crazy. Every time I go on it, I think it's worse, but I love it. I'm sure once I'm past 30, I may think differently. There is some good food - Yak and Yeti and Tusker House - and one amazing shop with a huge selection of  teas over in the Asia section. They give our cardboard straws which tends to anger some people, but I love it. No lids either - they don't want to risk the plastic getting to the animals. It's a fun park, but you don't need 12 hours to do it. I find it the prettiest, most relaxing of the parks, and always love coming here then planning a dinner in a resort (or driving home after a ride or two at this park).
To the teenager in the single rider line that I forced to ride in the front and was petrified when she realized that she will be riding in the front I say that I do apologize for making you desire to return to your family and insist that you be allowed to go ride again in the front and drag someone else with you. This is the best that Animal Kingdom has to offer...for now. I can forsee another thrill ride being developed for this park because there is little else to keep people in the park for the day. The Safari is awesome but the main attractions go into hiding by 10:30am. This seems to be one of the main things that this park has going for it if you plan on staying here later then 11am.
Animal Kingdom is awesome! WARNING: If you don't need to go here right now, don't... this park is basically operating at 50% due to the upcoming Avatar attraction area. We did the entire thing in half a day and only saw a total of 5 animals excluding the safari ride. Animal Kingdom has no animals.. unless you take a dreaded train ride, or wait 2 hours for the safari ride. However Animal Kingdom is still one of my favorite parks to visit and walk through. Be Prepared to bring your comfy shoes and fans! The horrible part about going right now is the fact that the entire lake in the middle is covered by a solid wall, totally depleting the "magic" effect of this park. They should charge half price because your not getting the effect that it has had when it's operating at 100%. It's like your walking in 100 degree heat around a wall which does not help air circulation and it's really sad sight to see. Also more luxury food options should be available. We paid thousands of dollars for a vacation... and somehow they sell fast food everywhere. I'd pay premium price for premium food... I will be back for AVATAR!
The extent that Disney goes to amazes me!  This place is so authentic, really feels like you're in another country.  Had a great time with the family.  Loved the safari, I liked it the most out of all the rides.  Kids loved this place too.  Very well laid out.  We stayed at the Animal Kingdom lodge which was a short 5 min bus ride away.  Disney Magic in full swing here!
First ride (primeval whirl) had us sitting for about 5 min (after waiting in line) only to be asked to get off and tols we would be put on the next available car. We were escorted to the back of the line to wait again. Second ride (expedition Everest) waited for 30 min then stopped not once but twice for about 20 min total in the blazing sun. Once we came to the end we weren't even offered to go again to have the full experience or a FP to come back. The customer sevice was terrible all over the park, crew members were not friendly at all and it's super dirty. I can only compare it to Disneyland which is 100% better.
We had a great time here!  We rode most (if not all) of the major rides.  We made it to A Bugs Life, which is really fun and cute.  We did The Festival of the Lion King, it is incredible, and next time The Lion King comes to town, we are definitely seeing it!!! The park is beautiful, it's clean, it's just so fun. The animals are amazing!  Definitely walk to exploration trails and take the safari!! Food was good. Definitely want to come back and highly recommend you make it part of your Disney memories!
Wow, a big difference as to when I was here a couple years ago. They have really started expanding this park. They are adding a Avatar land, and the construction is very visible. The least busiest park for Disney World. We got in and out of rides, including the Expedition Everest, which I truly recommend to anyone that likes coasters! It was a great, solid ride. We loved the finding Nemo show, so cute and well done! The safari is amazing as well, with all the animals awake and beautiful to look at. The quality of the foods in the park are good as well, as it's separated by Africa/Asia and different areas. The only thing I missed was the parade that used to come on before. What happened, Disney?! Lol We definitely had a great time and I will be gladly returning as soon as I save up again. One thing, these parks aren't cheap, and neither is the food! Prepare to spend!!
Disney's animal kingdom brings the magic of Disney to visitors in a new and wonderful way. I visited Disney World from CA and so I chose the animal kingdom park over magic kingdom because I've been to the original Disneyland so many times in Anaheim. The animal kingdom was enchanting and somewhat less stressful than the other parks. The decor is stunning, the views of the animals are great and the festival of the lion king is so much fun! There are a few great rides, but I could see thrill seekers getting restless here. I recommend it for animal lovers, kids, and those who appreciate beautiful landscaping/nature walks.
*Make an ADR at Tusker House for 8am, the park doesn't open until 9am!* We always make an ADR for breakfast prior to the park opening. What does that mean? They allow you in to go to your dining location, but no rides or shops are open. It takes about an hour or so to eat then we basically have first dibs on a ride - we choose to do the safari first as the animals are more active when it's cool out. This is the most spectacular and beautifully themed parks I've ever been to. The grounds are immaculately maintained, the rides hover on risk taker and relaxing. This is the park I would say offers the most to families with different tastes. Animal lovers, roller coaster fans, those looking for an early night. AK closes early, and for good reason - you're actually able to tackle this park in one day. The interaction with cast members, and animals here is always fantastic and a fun learning experience. (We hit up Downtown Disney at night after AK.) I can't recommend AK enough!
If you ever go to disneyworl resorts in Orlando, you must visit animal kingdom. The center point of the park is the huge Tree of life in the Africa section, and it is here where you can take the safari ride to see real animals up close (well, some of them). The mountain ride is very good, though a bit too scarey for the little uns, as our daughter found out, especially when she came face to face with the yeti! Like all the disney parks, it has big queues for the rides and everything is very expensive, but its what you would expect anyway from Disney.
It is expensive but I mostly enjoyed the Safari as it feels so real. You'll see giraffes, zebras, elephants, hippos, lions, rhinosoraus, funky looking birds (don't remember their names), ostrich & more all w/in close distance of your safari bus. The fun part was when the zebras and giraffes cross the road at their own leasure and create traffic. I went on the Mount Everest roller coaster it was ok. I'm a huge animal lover so this place suites me verses Disney princess blah blah blah!!!!
The newest ride in Animal Kingdom. You can not fully enjoy Animal Kingdom without riding this. Similar to Matterhorn Bobsleds in Disneyland, this ride features the Yeti theme. However, this ride differs in the track and type of rollercoaster. You ride on a train-like car on the Himalaya Mountains. Expedition Everest is themed very nicely with a Museum along the fast pass line and Himalayan artifacts. Anyone who comes to Animal Kingdom should ride it or you will miss out some thrilling fun in Animal Kingdom.
This place is incredible!! By far one of my favorite places to visit...even more so than Disneyland/Disneyworld. Next time I hope to be able to do their Safari Experience - sounds amazing!!
I really didn't think that I would like this park all that much. Thinking that it would be pretty lame, and a lot of people that I spoke with didn't even bother coming to this park. But since I purchased the hopper tickets, might as well. This place is awesome, and reminded me so much of Wild Animal Park in San Diego. You can see animals in their 'man made" habitat. You get the luxury of hiking/walking through these trails that has been separated by continents. Some attractions that were really good was the Kilimanjaro Safaris, you get to view the animals in an uncaged environment. A show not to miss...the Festival of Lion King. Those performers can really dance and sing! We spent a good half day here, then again there was hardly anyone there, so we were able to see majority of the attractions within a short amount of time.
Not impressed.  Overall very underwhelmed. Worth going to once just so you can say you've been to all the Disney World parks, but unless they make major improvements I have little interest in ever going back. The Rapid ride was OK and the bird show was neat.  I don't do big coasters so if you do you may enjoy it more than we did because of Everest.  We did the Safari and were so looking forward to it, but it was weak.  Wasn't even as good as Jungle Cruise at Magic Kingdom.   We took our two girls aged 12 & 9.  No one had a real good time.  We cut that day of the Disney vacation way short. We love Magic Kingdom, think Epcot is OK.  Hollywood Studios about as good as Epcot (but Toy Story ride is great, so is the stunt show), but Animal Kingdom is just uneventful and over hyped.
This was my favorite park in Disney.  I loved the animals.  The Expedition Everest ride is awesome.  The ride goes backwards and is a fun ride.  I enjoyed the Kilimanjaro Safari where you get to ride and look at all the animals.  This park is a must.  You need to go see The Festival of the Lion King.  Great for all ages.  Must come spend a whole day at Animal Kingdom.
While I do like Animal Kingdom, I think it's the smallest Disney park with the least to do. There is no real reason to spend an entire day here, so it's best if you have a Hopper pass and just want to spend 4-5 hours here. If you only have 1 or 2 days at Disney, I would skip it. As with all parks, the ambiance is great. Disney puts a lot of time and effort into their parks. While in the new Dino-land my boyfriend(who was a first-timer at Disney) noted that it was weird that they just set it up in a former parking lot, after I stared at him a bit, he realized that Disney had intentionally made it look like that since it was supposed to be reminiscent of Fairs and Carnivals. My favorites at Animal Kingdom: -Dinosaur -Expedition Everest -It's tough to be a Bug! -Kali River Rapids(you will get wet) -Kilimanjaro Safaris If you have kids, there are a few more things that would be of interest to them. I think overall I really like Animal kingdom because they do have a lot of animals, and they are making a real effort in conservation. Unlike most Zoos, the animals at Animal Kingdom have a lot of land to roam around, and are exposed to other animals they would be exposed to in their natural habitats.
Excellent park, probably my 2nd favorite one in Disney World.  Honestly, I don't have much more to say than has already been said and you can find out online!
Animal Kingdom is a cool park, but this park does close earlier than the others, because the animals need their space too ;) It's the farthest park out of the 3 that are not too far from each other.  It's a different experience and of course theme outside of the other parks, it's dedicated to the animals and nature. Some of my favorite rides and things to watch are: -A Bug's Life: really fun 3d show, and it's cool that you get to walk under the main attraction which is the Tree of Life. -Circle of Life: this is an awesome show! The live music, performance, and interaction is by far one of my favorites! Definitely come here, take a seat, and enjoy! -Kilimanjaro Safari: photo opportunities left and right, but make sure you're quick about it! It's a fun ride around the well you guessed it, the safari :P Lots of animals to see, the drivers are really enthusiastic and it's awesome to see the animals so close. -Expedition Everest: Definitely an awesome roller coaster! I won't talk much about it, just go for it! There are other attractions, but these are my go-to when I'm here.  There are a lot of interactive activities in this park.  It's really great for kids, it'll definitely keep them entertained.  Great experience for everyone :)
We visited Disney's Animal Kingdom a couple of years back, and must say this is probably our favourite Disney park. We especially enjoyed the Kilamangaro Safaris, and the Lion King show. - Both in true Disney style. We have visited all of Disney's parks in Orlando, and I think this is definitely one of my favourites. Next time we visit Orlando, I think we will be going back to this one.
Visited Animal Kingdom in late July 2014 with my wife and her two kids, girl 13 / boy 9. Of the all the Disney parks this was both children's favorite, and mine as well. This park is smaller than Magic Kingdom, but newer, cleaner and more "fresh". It has a number of animal exhibits in the style of a zoo, so there are quick things to do and see while you wait for your FastPass reservation times! They have tigers, bats, various birds etc.... Note that the bats will not be visible if it is hot. Which it is in July. So just know that. There are two roller-coasters: Dinosaur and Mt. Everest. Dino is the "weaker" one. It's similar to one you will find at a county fair or boardwalk. The trick to it is that your car spins as you go around. Kids liked it, adults found it annoying. Mt. Everest is the "real" roller-coaster, its pretty darn good and worth more than one ride. The kids loved it and had to get the photograph from the Disney gift shop. The waiting line for this ride was quite short, stand by was 30 minutes in the middle of the day! (Compare to Space Mountain which will be 2 hours). And that is one of the best things about this park, the wait times are much better than Magic Kingdom.... we spent all day, but you could do this park 1/2 day, especially if you come in right at opening time! OK, the next "action" ride is the River Rapids. It is one of those where you and about 9 others sit in a round "raft" and go down some shoots and get real wet. NOTE NOTE NOTE: YOU WILL GET VERY WET! SOAKED! Some people don't, but most of you will get drenched. Watch your clothing!!! You may end up giving a free nudie show to the public if you are just wearing a T-shirt ladies! There is a FREE storage locker near the ride, make use of it! (2 hours free, then it charges). Do NOT keep your iPhone in your shirt pocket! Etc.... Now having said all that, this ride is too short. When we were there, for some reason, the stand by wait was 100 minutes, and the ride is about 90 seconds with only one steep fall. It was the most disappointing ride for me... (we did FastPass though, so we waited about 15 minutes.) And the Safari ride. This is a real break from the typical Disney ride, it really is a safari like those ones where you drive your own car in and look at the animals. It is long, about 15+ minutes, and you get on a bus and really drive around a safari with a live tour guide narrating. You will see Giraffes, Hippos, Big Cats, Elephants, all that stuff. Adults will like this one two, and it is nice to have a sit on a ride for a significant amount of time. Finally, we did the Bird Show. This was actually pretty good. I thought the kids would be bored by it as they are all into rides and action, but they liked it. The birds fly over the audience, and really close to your head, and the presenters are fun and funny. Kids might be a bit restless at first, but once it gets going they'll get excited about it. In short, our fav Disney park! New, short waits (relative to Disney), some unique rides with one good coaster. Take a break from Magic Kingdom for Animal Kingdom, you will be happy you did, I promise!
Out of all the Disney parks I visited during my vacation, Animal Kingdom was my favorite. It's a beautifully constructed park, and my girlfriend and I visited in April 2009, when it happened to be the parks 10th anniversary. From the rides like the Safari, Expedition Everest and Dinosaur to the seeming wilderness they have created in the middle of Orlando, Animal Kingdom is something that needs to be seen to be experienced. It has something for everyone. The safari is incredible, I think, for people of all ages. There's a Finding Nemo show that I'm sure fans of the movies will love, and the rides include a good mix of things for kids and things for adults. Everest might be one of the best thrill rides in the whole four-park system -- rivaling Tower of Terror at Hollywood Studios or Space Mountain at Walt Disney World. The best part about Expedition Everest is being in the darkness and you're unable to know which way you'll go next. It's an incredible thrill ride that will leave your heart pounding. From the WDW-created Tree of Life and Everest, it's an incredible environment and park. It's something you definitely must see and experience to understand how amazing it actually is. I'd recommend this park to people of all ages, those with small children and anyone who wants to enjoy themselves.
While I do love Animal Kingdom, you do have to admit it is basically a glorified zoo. The park is split into different areas such as Africa, Asia, or DinoLand. While walking throughout the whole park you can spot animals of all kinds everywhere. This is a nice touch instead of just limiting the animals all to one corner. A trip to Animal Kingdom will have to include the rides as well. My favorite and one I fear the most is Expedition Everest. This roller coaster is crazy fun, and the backwards and down parts are so scary. Yet I keep coming back for more! Then the Safari is also lots of fun and exciting for the kids. Lots of wild animals in an exciting train around a course. The river rapids is a nice wet ride for the whole family to enjoy in a group. Nice bonding and exciting thing as well. I got to watch the Lion King Show and it was definitely an amazing experience. The music makes you cry and relive your childhood. You have to see it! Great time!
My wife and I visited Animal Kingdom since day 1 when it opened. Disney is always a great escape from life.  Another great addition to the Disney Parks experiences.  Sure there are many updates since our last visit.  I'll be sure to update this review shortly after we revisit.
This was my first trip to Animal Kingdom, I think one is all I need. This park is very doable in one day, lines weren't very long and there is lots of shade to enjoy. Get a map when you come through the gates and plan your day. Rides: Expedition Everest is a MUST and if you go early you may get a break on the lines like we did! The Kali River Rapids ride is a great way to cool down...you will get drenched (the middle 'dry' area leaks-be warned) The Safari trip through the winding dirt roads and endless outback was very cool and it felt like you were seeing the animals in a more natural environment. All were loose and wandering freely. The giraffes were right beside the truck! I was sad to hear all the animals were rounded up at night and brought inside-seems crazy but that's what they said. We took the train to the kids area and I got to get a pic with Chip and Dale (not THE Chippendales) YaY! We ate at the Yak and Yeti restaurant...it's overpriced (as per typical Disney) but the food was decent and the A/C works amazingly!!!!! As far as the animals go, that's not really my thing. Not a tree hugger by any means but The gorillas looked SO SAD:( and seeing the back stage tour and the metal and concrete cages the animals are housed in at night didn't sit well with me. This park is a different Disney experience and worth a try overall.
Of the 4 main parks, this was my son's favorite. Everest Expedition was a great ride. Even though it was pretty crowded, we didn't wait for anything. The Nemo musical was wonderful. There was plenty of excitement and activity. We loved it. A great, great family park.
Animal Kingdom is a great adventure for family's, couples, friends whatever it doesn't matter you will have a great time and enjoy.  There is plenty to see and do, so you must plan your time wisely because this is not a small park.  It may appear small but it is far from small.  TAKE YOUR CAMERA!!! Tree of Life The Tree of Life is in the very center of the park and you cannot miss it.  It's the heart of the park and is what ties everything about the park together.  You cannot get up to it and touch it, but you can see it's breath taking views from all over the park.  Some views are part from different parts of the park.  Long story short if you are into art then you will love and admire this tree because it has carvings of all the different animals from all over the world on it.     Kilimahjaro Safari This was by far the favorite attraction of my husband and I.  This is the most popular attraction in the park so I recommend going to this attraction first so that you have it out of the way.  Also be prepared to wait, so if you have little ones this will be a great snack time.  First on the way to the Safari you enter the Africa, the smells of the fresh fruit tantalize you, the singing and dancing to the Congo drums put a sway in your hips and a pep in your steps.  The village that they have created is so beautiful and there are plenty of snacks, souvenirs and gifts to purchase.   The Safari is taken on authentic looking tour/bus with now windows, the ride seats many and will seat more if you are not afraid to sit next to strangers.  This bus roves on land and through water and please be advised you will see animals in their natural habitat's (that Disney has ensured is sufficient for the animals) and the animals can get extremely close to the vehicle so little one's need to not sit on the ends.  Some of the animals that you will see will be hippo's, giraffes, gazelles, antelopes, rhino's, zebra's and the king and queen of the jungle the lion and lioness (there are a great deal of other animals I just cannot remember at this time).  The lion's are so beautiful and Disney has done a great job of recreating Pride Rock from Lion King.  You will just have to see the rest for yourself. Wild Life Express Train There is a train just like at the Magic Kingdom and Disneyland that goes around the park.  This is extremely usefully if you have little ones or just to give you a break from all of the walking.  It is also a great way to see what all the park has to offer. Maharajah Jungle Trek This is a really nice on foot jungle adventure which also you to trek through the jungle.  You can use your phone to provide you more information along the journey, and I also believe that they have headsets as well.  If you love Gorilla's and Tigers you must take this trek.  The Gorilla's are extremely friendly and interactive and will come up to the glass.  The Tigers enclosure allows you to get great shots if them from all shorts of angles.  There is also a beautiful waterfall and plenty ample picture opportunities. Kali River Rapids WARNING: This is a warning to all the ladies, make sure you do not wear a white top otherwise you will be giving a wet t-shirt contest.  At least 80% of the riders on this ride get extremely soaked.  I had to literally go to the bathroom and wring my clothes out.  You also do not want to wear jean material or tennis shoes, they will take forever to dry even on an extremely hot day, plus wet jean shorts and wet tennis shoes are not fun to walk in.  I suggest bringing an extra set of clothes so that you are comfortable.  Other than that the ride is fun and is a great way to cool off as long as you do not mind getting soaked.
This Disney park is my favorite of the Disney parks. It's beautiful and well maintained. The staff are friendly and helpful. Loved all the animal attractions.
I really liked Animal Kingdom. It is nice to feel as though you were in a safari, or that you were in Asia. There are not a lot of traditional rides, but there is no shortage of attractions. To be honest, I thought that the safari ride was the only thing I would enjoy but the shows and the Disney crew made for a day that surpassed all expectations. The parade was as fun as the other parades in the Disney resorts and it was quite fun to see the cast of The Lion King as well. I can't wait to go back!
I do like this park but it was super hot even though there was a lot of shades. I really like the things they had there including all the animals. I was sadden there was no rafiki stuff and my son was in love with him. I like the rafiki planet world which I really liked. The expedition Everest was a great ride
Fun park. Great for kids and adults. Great rides and some great food.  Make sure you get your fast passes to the most popular rides so you don't have to wait.
Animal Kingdom is definitely an Imagineer's park. The level of detail in the theming is amazing. Bring your camera. There are photo ops everywhere. Expedition Everest is a fantastic ride, with a great finish. It is a thrilling, but smooth ride, with no inversions or fast launches. Everyone in my family went on it. It is the most popular ride at Animal Kingdom, and except immediately after opening, I have not tried to go on it without a Fast Pass. Kilimanjaro Safari is a lot of fun, but the quality of your ride tends to depend on what the animals are doing when you happen to pass them, so there is a certain amount of luck involved. I've been told the animals are most active early in the morning. Dino-Rama is the one awful spot in the park. It is an area that is intended to look like a tacky fairground (and is very successful in that respect). Primeval Whirl is an off the shelf wild mouse coaster found in parks all over the country. And midway games? In DisneyWorld? Festival of the Lion King and Finding Nemo are enormously popular shows, so don't arrive at the last minute. The Affection Station at Rafiki's Planet Watch is a very conventional petting zoo. I suppose those are African or Asian goats. If you were expecting really exotic animals, you will be disappointed. Note that Animal Kingdom closes much earlier than the other parks (5:00 pm when we were there), so you are looking at a pretty short day even if you get there at opening. As far as the food goes, I would strongly recommend the table service at Yak and Yeti (Counter service is another restaurant, which we didn't try). I really enjoyed it. Since Animal Kingdom is not open at dinner time, the food options here are much more limited than at the other parks. The day you visit Animal Kingdom might be a good day to plan on dinner at one of the resort restaurants, which are excellent, or head over to World Showcase at Epcot for the evening. One strange thing I can't fully explain. Twice we had extremely long waits at snack counters. Even though the lines didn't look long, they moved at a snail's pace, and we ended up waiting half an hour for ice cream. Maybe it was just a coincidence, but I'll be wary next time. Don't miss the Maharajah Jungle Trek or the Pangani Forest Trail, just because they aren't rides. It's a great chance to get an up close look at some amazing animals. Anyone who skips these to go on Triceratops Spin or Primeval Whirl is a fool.
I do like Animal Kingdom. It's a great place to go if it's part of your 4 day hopper package. However, if I solely wanted to go to this park I would willingly pass. Of course I do love the animals that I get to see, but I feel Honolulu Zoo and San Diego Zoo does kind of outshine this park when it comes to animal varieties. The environment is great and they do add a Dinoland twist to it if you're in to pre-historic animals. Here are my favorite rides : SAFARI RIDE (A MUST IF YOU VISIT!): wait was 20 minutes EARLY MORNING! EVEREST: 40 - 70 minutes DINO - 40 minutes KALI RIVER RAPIDS - 70 minutes PRIMEVAL WHIRL - 30 minutes Of course since these rides are great rides and definitely worth riding if you'll be here, but do come in expecting to wait 40-70 minutes a ride (so waiting can take a good portion of your day unless you have a fast pass). My favorite thing really is that they have designated IT TECHIES to help you with your My Experience App in one of the gift shops (it's right across from where you get the fast pass for the Safari ride). Lets get real, as much as I think it's super cool that you can grab fast passes with the app, the app not only has a lot of bugs they need to fix, but it's not user friendly at all. We all know us vacationers aren't as tech savvy when we're on vacation. The techies however, were SUPER helpful and friendly and they really know their stuff!
Animal Kingdom has got the balance right for me. It has a great mix of animals and rides for young and old. The petting area is a must for any small children. My son would have happily brushed the goats for hours, the calling of another ride on thetrain was enough to tempt him away. It is a very humid pask, and i would not choose to visit it on a day that was already sticky for that reason. If you want somewhere nice to eat the Rainforest Cafe just outside the gates is fantastic.
To be frankly, it's very disappointing. I would rather go SF Zoo for the animals. They animals were way too little and they're so far away from the crowds. You can barely see. The Safari ride was fun and our guide was very helpful. Overall, not worth the price but it's Disney.
Animal kingdom is Disney's theme park/wildlife park and for me it is the best! I like the mix of thrill rides, animals and shows. I especially like the Lion king show which is as good as any West end version but shorter. The characters in the show sing and perform acrobatics in a spectacular way, I have seen it three times and still enjoy it. The animal safari is also a good ride as it is both fun and educational, if you catch it at the right time of the day you can get to see many aimals. For food I recommend the Rainforest Café just outside the entrance to the park, but be warned it can get very busy!!
While visiting a couple of friends who live in Celebration, FL right next to Disney over Memorial Day weekend, we got Disney Park Hopper passes to be able to visit all of the parks over the long weekend. Since the Magic Kingdom was off-limits on Saturday and Sunday, we all decided to go to Disney's Animal Kingdom on Saturday, but since it was hotter than blue blazes during the afternoon we waited until night fall before venturing out. Perfect idea. When we got there, the park was only open for a couple more hours and the bedraggled-looking families were struggling back towards the parking lot. Having fun yet, kids? This was perfect for us though, we rode the Animal Kingdom's newest roller coaster, Everest, twice in a row then got dinner and had a pavilion down by the water all to ourselves. And the ribs? They were pretty darn good, if I do say so myself. The coaster is big and fast and features a yeti - what more do I need to say? And the park itself is beautiful - one of my favorites by far because of all the natural foliage and decorations, the big trees, the colorful, and more accurate representations of tribal designs and clothes and, of course, the animals! Although I have yet to do a sunrise safari at the park, it's still high on my to-do list and I'll get there eventually. Just not this time around - maybe during the fall or spring sometime. For this visit, we didn't stay long, but as with the last time I was there (my first visit easily 10+ years ago) - I loved the park. The iconic, big tree in the center is enough to make my day every time I see it looming up.
We loved the Animal Kingdom the biggest of all the theme parks, the Safari ride was fantastic and the Everest ride was awesome. If you want to see the Gorilla's get there early because they go to bed around mid afternoon we missed them :( If you love your animals real and not synthetic with a human stuffed in side then make sure you visit the Animal Kingdom.
Animal Kingdom is the epitome of animal themed parks. After all, DIsney is behind it. The vibe is amazing and it very much feels like a jungle. A clean, well kept and organized jungle that is. The tree of life is amazing! And there are plenty of rides for both little ones and adults. Kilimanjaro Safari is an absolute must! If you do nothing else in this park, you must do the safari. Your best bet is to do the fast pass b/c the line can get really long. Either way, its worth it! If you come during summer months, gear up for the heat. Apply sunblock and keep hydrated b/c it gets REALLY hot.
Parking was good. Transport to the Kingdom was pretty quick. Member Services was very slow. Took forever to get our tickets. Park is very nice. Wish they put more of a Disney twist on things. But it is still a great attraction. The shows were great. And unlike some places, they actually had animals. The food was expensive, but pretty good. In all, a great park to visit. I would like to see more rides, particularly ones for smaller children.
This place is a must visit of all the theme parks down here. Definitely unique. Like all Disney theme parks the they have everything pretty much nailed down on food courts placements, drinks locations and snack carts. I mean I didn't know what to expect coming in here so my expectations were low. This place knocked it out of the park for me. Tigers, rides, good food, mango guava smoothie (killer) must try, and all sorts of awesome outside events going on. They had an Indian dancing thing that we all jumped in on which was pretty cool. Hit this park up and you will not be disappointed. I definitely wasn't ... just watch out for the crazy roller coaster ... hahaha
I love Animal Kingdom! The safari ride is amazing, and in love how open the monkey exhibits are. As with all Disney parks, the staff are great and ten park is relatively sassy to navigate (although I would still keep a map with you.) It's not likely you'll need more than a day here, unless it happens to be insanely busy, or unless the weather is really not cooperating. If you love animals, love Disney parks and are in the mood for some rad scenery, this is the park for you. I come back every time I'm in Orlando.
All these five star ratings are surprising.. I thought Animal Kingdom was just OK and didn't help that many attractions were closed including the Big Tree...Obviously a lot of effort to build this place but, the rides were disappointing and if you didn't take the tram ride, the animals were not accessible.   You'll see more animals at the local zoo.  One of my kids dubbed the Rapids Ride the "rip-off rapids" after a 70 minute wait and 60 second ride that was very weak.  Family consensus was we Definitely will not go back...
This place is a zoo! Really, it's a zoo.  Complete with a not so rare sighting of a particular mouse.  This park is done up in grand Disney fashion.  You can see some really good exhibits and one of a kind enclosures that you may not get to see in most zoos.  I like it here more than the Magic Kingdom itself.  My daughter likes the animals and is much happier when we visit.  The hours are not as long as the main parks but you can get this done in the time given.  It is a good way to kill the entire day and perhaps avoid the rat race (not pun intended) of the larger parks.  One thing you may not expect is the amount of freedom the animals have during the safari ride.  A large animal decided to hang out on the track which delayed us until it decided to move.  There are some rides so you get a little more excitement than a typical zoo.  The food here is good too, we stopped into the Yak & Yetti a few times, but reservations for the bigger restaraunts are recommended during peak season. Overall, it is large but not as large as the other parks.  If you do not have it on your list of theme parks and you like animals put it there.  If you do not like animals...eh, there are some shows but I doubt you will be reformed from a visit.  This is one of my favorite theme parks.
Why 3 stars? Because it's an expensive ticket for an adult.   ---   ---   --- There are those adults that love the magic of Disney. I kind of see it as a place to go if you have kids 14 and under. The Everest ride is super fun. The safari is cool, but the tour guide's corniness is so insanely over-the-top, that it's tough to stomach. The bug show was pretty entertaining, and actually mildly scary for children. Primevral Whirl was fun. We didn't feel like waiting 90 minutes for the rapids. Overall, it seemed like the Disney park with the least amount of stuff to do.
My wife and I bought a FL resident pass and visited 3 of the Disney parks. I have to say that the Animal Kingdom was our favorite. Even though the park was crowded as usual it offered more for adults. I would highly recommend visiting Animal Kingdom if you do not have children with you. I was seriously impressed with the safari tour. I did not anticipate the size of the preserve that Disney has built.
My wife and I went to this and I have to say that it was waaay better than I expected. The positive attitudes of the staff right from the parking staff to the ride staff make all the difference. We had a blast. The Safari was really cool and we saw rhino, elephants, etc. It was very cool and personal. Everest the Experience was great too. A very fun ride. We did them all...they all were great. The only ride that was super fun was the dinosaur one that seems like it needs a remake. The lines were not bad, we went on a Thursday and made good use of our Fast Pass. Great time.
Yet again Disney...what to expect but great things? Animal Kingdom is a favourite! From fun rides, great shows, to delicious bbq food...I never come here disapointed. The Dinosaur ride I've been going on for years and I still love it :) Everest although is the newest attraction here and I absolutely love it! The waiting isn't that bad due to there being artifacts for you to look at on your way to the ride. The Lion King Show is out of this world. As a kid I was obsessed with the Lion King and this show is definitely amazing I wouldn't miss it!
Holy crap, is it humid at this park. Also, my legs were basically turned into popsicles for bugs. Anyways, Animal Kingdom is Disney's take on a zoo. There's not too many rides but there are attractions in the form of treks and trails where you can see various animals such as tigers and hippos. Expedition Everest and Kilimanjaro Safaris are must-do's. Dinosaur ain't. Overall, this is a really nice park as long as you stay hydrated and cool.
Wow wow and wow. I had the best experience at Disney's Animal Kingdom. This park is sooo well done and the staff are very knowledgeable and give great information. I am an animal lover and had the best time here but the shows were pretty fabulous too! I was very impressed with the Lion King Show. The costumes, dancing and music amazing and in the show quite a bit of audience participation  nice too. They certainly pack a lot into it and so pleasantly surprising for a theme park show. Very nice very enjoyable. The Finding Nemo show is really good too so well done and not to be missed. The African section is my favorite and the African performers and musicians are amazing. Of course, not to be missed is the Kilimanjaro Safari tour and get a 'Fast Pass" it really is worth it to go early.  There is so much great wildlife to be seen here and the Pangani Forest Trail, a walking tour is pretty cool too.   Did not do the Kali River Rapids as heard you get completely soaked here. I melt! Yikes. I love the animal conservation theme and truly a great park to visit. Great fun.
Of all the WDW Theme parks, this one is probably my least favorite.  They are improving by adding new attractions, but the hours are wimpy compared to the other 3, they're open late (like 9 or 10), and close early.  You also take a gamble on how many animals you see, based on their mood, which is why its suggested to arrive at park opening, and go directly to the safari tour. The one thing I did like about Animal Kindgom is the "Animal Trek Tour".  It not a cheap tour, but you get to see the animals behind the scenes and even cross a bridge over the crocodiles.  My review yelp.com/biz/wild-africa… I wish Animal Kingdom had better food.  I guess maybe that's a key reason its low on my list.  If possible I'd rather not dine on burgers or pizza, but something substantial.  They do have 1 place that has chicken, but otherwise, the food selection here is sub par. Easily a 1/2 day experience, and you can probably combine it with Hollywood Studios, or use the rest of the day to relax at the pool or Downtown Disney.
Definitely hit this park up after you go to Magic Kingdom cuz its less walking and more relaxing The Safari was excellent and if you take the morning ride - all the animals are awake!! The tiger trail is awesome and you can see the tigers better once you step into the second area Having seen the Lion King broadway show i thought this show would be childish but it had great acrobats and is an amazing show Kali rapids is good if there is no line the Bird show was kinda boring cuz they are no tricks - the birds fly from here to there Definitely walk thru the Gorilla trail
We had visited AK twice prior and each of those visits were five star experiences and last time I went so far as to say that this park of the four in Florida was my favorite. Well, over the last fifteen months this place to me went from the penthouse to the outhouse and a lot of it as to do with the current construction going on plus the stupidity that is FP+. During our visit in the beginning of February the entire Camp Minnie-Mickey section of the park had recently closed which for the lovely wife and children really sucked because they looked forward to the Festival of the Lion King show plus being able to get a bunch of character autographs all in one place versus now where they're spread out all everywhere including some characters getting sent other parks. (Pocahontas over in HS in front of a NYC backdrop?) The food here for us was never a strong point as we find the table service options here to be mostly atrocious. (Yak & Yeti is too weird of a menu, Rainforest Cafe blows as a chain across the board in terms of food quality so that was out and we already had a few buffets lined up so adding Tusker House was a no-go and past that...........)  I mean sure I heard great things about Flame Tree BBQ but I was not willing to wait for 20-30 minutes just to get food as the line was outrageous. So with Camp Minnie-Mickey gone, my kids being a bit older so they no longer cared about going to Rifiki's Planet Watch which was fine with me as there is little to do there in the first place and what you have left are a section of lame carnival games plus five FP+ rides that by early afternoon all had extreme waits. We got there at rope drop, rode Primeval Whirl six times in a row without getting off, rode Expedition Everest three times before the wait crossed north of 50 minutes, rode the Safari once, saw the Nemo show and the kids played in the Boneyard for half an hour.  Past that what else is there and we had all that done plus lunch at Pizzafari by 1:30pm? It will be a long time, if ever, until we come back to Disneyworld but if we do I'm going to really be casting a beady eye towards whether or not to come back to AK as I think that FP+ has made this place really stink compared to how you could manage the lines prior and the coming of Avatar Land in the future sounds like a turd waiting to happen the same as new Fantasyland is over at MK.
So fun!
In comparison to the rest of the Disney parks, you aren't going to get a whole lot from Animal Kingdom: entertainment is limited and the park is very small.   Our favorite piece was definitely the Kilmanjaro Safari ride, you get to see animals in their "natural" habitat and they are rather friendly, a giraffe came up real close to the truck.  The Everest roller coaster ride was also interesting, I say that is also worth the wait.   For food, there are several options throughout the park.  We stopped at a small eatery and ordered the Jumbo Turkey Leg ($10 on its own, $12 with slaw and beans).   This was a very tasty and filling option.  As the name already suggests, the thing is Jumbo sized.   Transportation can be a real pain for cruisers ... From the cruise dock at Port Canaveral, our journey was: 1) 1 hour bus ride to Transportation and Ticket Center (TTC), $35 per person (round trip) 2) 5 minute monotrail ride from TTC to Magic Kingdom, free 3) 15 minute bus ride from Magic Kingdom to Animal Kingdom, free So all in all, took almost 1.5 hours to get to Disney World and we only got ~4 hours of play in the park itself.  This is very doable with small parks like Animal Kingdom, but I don't think it is a feasible "day trip" for those who had tickets to larger parks like Magic Kingdom or Epcot.
Fifteen minutes before the scheduled gates are due to open, you can go through the turnstiles and head straight for the Tree Of Life, where you will be greeted by Minnie, Pluto, and Goofy. Soon after, Mickey himself, shows up! Once they are all on the Disney Designed Huge Truck, you can follow them into Harambe as the Adventure Begins in the Animal Kingdom! Or, as we do on that day, make early Breakfast Reservations for the Tusker House Restaurant!  Great food, see my review. The Animal Kingdom is divided into 7 Areas.   AFRICA: Where it has the Kilimanjaro Safari, Jeeps take you to a 100 acre African Savannah, where you won't see any Tigers or bears, but you may see Lions! Your jeep will take you on a bumpy dirt trail and into Africa! And the Pangani Forest Exploration Trail, A Forest filled with Gorillas,  Birds and Hippos.DO NOT MISS Mickey's Jammin' Jungle Parade!! RAFIKI'S PLANET WATCH: Where you can see how the Animals are cared for. Also find the Wildlife Express Train where you can ride the rails into the different Animals care stations and habitats. Habitat Habit is where you can see endangered cotton-top tamarin primates up close. Conservation Station is where you can see animals up close and interact with them, it also has interactive games and fun-filled shows. ASIA: Kali River Rapids, A very wild water ride down a River and into the Jungle. Expedition Everest, I was there the day that this opened and oh the folks camped out just waiting to get on this ride that opened 2 hours late, due to technical problems.  Kinda cool ride..While waiting in line and before boarding you pass through an old tea warehouse that houses an elaborate museum. Once Boarded this ride tries it hardest to get you to the top of Mt Everest using different tracks and you will be going forwards and backwards in a mad rush! It's a bit scary, but thrilling!  Maharajah Jungle Trek, Wander through the ancient ruins of India and see tigers, bats and birds and more on this self-guided walking tour. Flights of Wonder: See birds such as vultures, hawks, colorful macaws, crowned crane and the American Bald Eagle up close.   DINOLAND U.S.A: The Boneyard, A cool place for you to take 5 while your kids enjoy climbing, bouncing, running, discovering fossils,  Tis cool, Break time for Adults! Primeval Whirl, It's a cool Whirl Ride. TriceraTop Spin, A flying dinosaur Ride. Dino-Sue is a Must See, 67 million years. Dino-Sue is a painstaking reproduction of the largest, most complete T-Rex ever found! The length of a four-story building!  DINOSAUR: Dinosaur is the thrill ride at Disney's Animal Kingdom.  Whoosh back to primeval times for a wild ride of an expedition to complete your dangerous mission. The clock is ticking on your Time Rover and you have mere minutes to rescue a stray dinosaur. Beware the hungry clutches of one large meat-eating predator and the devastating power of an impending asteroid! It's fast. It's a blast! It's in the past!   JIM & Aaron would like this ( sorry folks, I can not divulge that info ). Finding Nemo - The Musical Is here too. A must see of Costumes, singing, Dancing.  A nice production. OASIS: This is where the Tree of Life is and what you will find out in the Animal Kingdom and the Circle Of Life. CAMP MINNIE-MICKEY: Festival of the Lion King is a cute take off from the Broadway production of the Lion King, after all, it is Disney's! DISCOVERY ISLAND: It's Tough to be a Bug!..if you do nothing else in the Animal Kingdom..DO THIS!  Too cool for words! I love it! In short, The Animal Kingdom is my 3rd favorite Park, out of the 4. But, it is a must visit, because there are no bad parks in WDW. Try the Tusker House, I'm tellin you to!
Let me say that out of all the Disney Parks, this is my least favorite one. If I were pressed for time, and had to choose one or two Disney parks, this would be last on my list. Yet, if you have the time and money, it's good for what is it. They have this new program based on Disney's "Up" where you can go throughout the park earning explorer badges. I know this is for children and teens, but I couldn't resist. I love scavenger hunts, and I love a challenge. Needless to say, my brother and I completed the whole thing, earning ALL the badges in 3 hours and 11 minutes, which the cast member said was a record. What makes this game unique is that I actually learned a lot, because you have to do a task in order to receive a badge. So, I learned about foreign currency prices for that day, how to write my name in Thai, and about wildlife conservation. The only down-side for my adventure was that I missed Doug the Dog wasn't there that day. They said he only had one showing for the day around 1pm, and since we arrived at the park around 2pm, I missed him. What separates this park fro the other Disney parks is that it has more interactive elements, and they are focused on conservation and showing you animals in their habitat. So, it's like one big Disney zoo!
This park was ok, but there weren't really enough rides to satisfy by 7 and 4 year old kids, or even the adults for that matter. The best ride was the white water rafting. We got SOAKED! Wear a poncho!  The animal encounters weren't all that special, but we come from a big city with a great zoo. Maybe if you didn't have access to that, this park would be more impressive. The dinosaur area was a hit with both kids, as was the Bug's Life show. The food we tried was good enough, but not outstanding. Why is it impossible to find a snow cone in all of Disney?  We did finally find a frozen lemonade stand.
In my opinion this is the best Disney theme park. My wife and I came here and thoroughly enjoyed our day.  Everest was a fantastic roller coaster (and I've been to Cedar Point multiple times) that everyone will enjoy.  A Bug's Life was really fun as well.  And of course the day isn't complete without a safari. It's the newest of the parks and it really shows.  This is Disney at their finest as they really thought of everything and did an awesome job. 46/365
I like animal kingdom. My favorite rides are dinosaur, mt. Everest, and the safari. There is also a really cool walk through animal exhibit. There are some beautiful sights to see. We went to see the lion king show and we loved it.
We come to the Disney parks often as we have season passes, and we really love this park. A lot of great rides and shows, not as busy as Magic Kingdom, and the animals are spectacular. Fun for all ages, this park is very beautiful and well laid out. We loved riding Everest, the Lion King was spectacular and kids will love Finding Nemo. Animal Kingdom will not disappoint you!
Amazing jaw-dropping festival.  Awesome singers, acrobats, flame throwers etc.  They also get audience participation going (each seating section is an animal).  Truly not to be missed when you visit AK!  Something for adults and kids alike :)
Very surprised by this!  The last time I was here, I found the whole park to be very boring.  If you ignore the huge amount of people pushing children in strollers (the children don't bother me, their crazy parents do!) and remember to stay in the shade, you'll get a lot out of the fun of this park.    I wouldn't spend the whole day here, the rides are mostly geared towards the little ones, but the safari is well worth it. I also liked their gift shops the best out of all of the Disney parks.
Great place but if you go here, try to stay away from the Maharajeh jungle trek. Unless you want some old lady screaming at you for touching a bird. I've never been so embarrassed in my life and I stormed out of the park after that. I was so embarrassed with myself. That dumb old lady ruined my day and experience! There should be a sign there not to touch the animals. I wish that old lady could read this and know that she ruined my day and I almost don't wanna come back to animal kingdom again cause I was so humiliated. Unless you want people to bother and humiliate you in front of everyone don't come here!!!!
Animals and rides, nothing is better than that. I wasn't very excited by Animal Kingdom when planning my trip to Disney World, but after touring the park over our week long stay, I became a big fan. Some of the best rides and shows of all the parks are housed here. Expedition Everest, Dinosaur and Finding Nemo: The Musical are all great fun. I had to do all three of these twice during our stay. The conservation station and anything animal-related is a must as well. Compared to the other three main theme parks on property Animal Kingdom is a nice change of pace.
Ride Kilimanjaro Safari first thing in the morning or around 4pm for the best experience. And fast pass Everest Everest asap. If you aren't a parade person, make sure you are on the side of the park you haven't been to yet. Shorter lines and less traffic.
My favorite Disney Park--hands down! I've been a few times before as a kid, but it was fun sharing the experience with my husband who's never had the Disney experience. He agreed that it was his fav as well. The attractions that blew me away were the "Flights of Wonder" and the "Finding Nemo Musical." The first was so funny and well done--and the birds are so well-trained and impressive. The musical was like nothing i expected; I didn't realize they had life size puppets and actors singing live while puppeteering. Truly outstanding! I also enjoyed my old favorites: "Bug's life" and "Festival of the Lion King". Next to Epcot, Animal Kingdom has the best food options. We went to the Yak And Yeti restaurant which had a good selection of pan-Asian food. Also enjoyed the Yeti ride--didn't expect to go backwards--that was definitely a fun surprise. We did the exploration trail since the wait for the safari was over 60 minutes...it would be fun for kids--we kind of breezed through it.
Amazing, amazing, amazing! This park is truly unique and one-of-a-kind. The setting and scenery is gorgeous. Practical and extreme care to details for the purpose of enhancing the guest experience is what Disney does best and they've knocked this one out of the park. There are hidden fans throughout the plants and trees to cool guests down on the hot Florida days. Not only is the park fun with rides such as Dinosaur and Expedition Everest, it's informative and educational at the same time. Learn all about animals and our amazing planet with Kilmanjaro safari and the expedition trails meeting lions, tigers, (no bears), gorillas, giraffes, and zebras. This is a must experience!!
I was actually kind of disappointed b'c everyone who's gone told me how fun it was but I didn't think it was all that great.  We also went on a rain day so maybe the rain impacted my view of it but nonetheless, we still had fun and it deserves 4 stars. If your kid's never been to a big zoo (Like San Diego or similar) then this is a pretty awesome "starter".  You get to see a lot of wildlife on the (free version) of the safari and you do it while sitting so that was a bonus!   They had some pretty cool characters at that place where you have to take the train too and we hung out there a long time to weight out the rain.  My toddler really liked it.
When you look at the Animal Kingdom on paper it does not look all that interesting. I know I was skeptical, but then I got there. The park is something that I really could not find fault with. There is nothing that i can look back and say that they should have done this or that better. In my reviews of the other Disney parks in Disney World, I have made mention that they do not have the Disney magic, the X factor Ect. This parks is a home run. It feels as though when you go into other lands, or countries, that you are in fact really there, it has great cohesion, great things to explore like the different trails to explore, great rides, especially Expedition Everest, which is one of the top 3 Roller coasters I have ridden. Everything was simply top notch. And I have to say that as bad as I felt Future world at Epcot to be and how thrown together I felt Hollywood Studios to be, this is that good. Something that Disney should be proud to say they created, something that I can say was my favorite park at Disney World, where even the restaurants have the feel of being in whatever Continent they represent. Simply Amazing.
Wow we felt like we were in Africa on a safari.  The Animal Kingdom is a man made wonder.  Amazing!  Other favorites were the Lion King show, the buffet at Tusker House, Extreme Everest, and the Disney Photo Pass locations with Magic.  Lastly, do not forget to bring a poncho for the water ride.  Someone in your boat will get completely showered with water.
I'm a fan
Very disappointed. Sad to say I've seen more animals at Miami's Metro Zoo. The park is small and animals are few, it's more walking than anything. Food selection is limited to Popsicles and ice cream. We were fortunate to find some delicious! Chicken Curry on a bed of Jasmine rice in AFRICA(YUMMY). We went on one the MT Everest roller coaster which was fun! I definitely recommend it if you can wait 30-40 minutes. The only way to see the lions,cheetahs, and elephants is to go on the safari excursion ride, which we didn't have the patience to do. Overall I wouldn't come back to this particular park although it had some good moments.
Animal is tops on my Disney list!  It's just such a fun combo of theme park and zoo.  I get to see my furry (and sometimes not so furry) friends and ride amazing rides! Since I've been on a Disney kick lately I can give you some quick tips that will hopefully be helpful for your visit.... *Come on Monday or Friday: everyone heads to Magic or Hollywood Studio's when they start or end their vacation so it will be less crowded here on these days *First thing to do when you get to the park is go right to Expadition Everest and get a fast pass to ride it faster later on *Then head to Kilimanjaro's Safari, the earlier you go the better because the animals will be out earlier in the AM *If it rains go to Kilimanjaro's Safari, the animals like the rain and the cool down so they come out to play then! *Definitely see The Festival of the Lion King, it's mini Cirque du Soleil meets Disney performance *Definitely see Finding Nemo: The Musical, it's not a cheesy theme park show, it's a quality mini Disney Broadway production *Eat at the Flame Tree BBQ, best food in the park (Disney is known for having craptacular food in the park, but this is acutally decent!) *The Dinosaur ride may look kid friendly because it's in DinoLand but it's terrifying!  But a lot of people like it....I'm just a scaredy cat! *Remember, the walkways are incredibly tiny, so your foot will probably get run over by a stroller at some point...so beware!   Have fun!!
Between all the parks here Animal Kingdom and Epcot are my favorites in terms of being educating, fascinating, and really bringing the world together.  Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed Disney Hollywood Studios and Magic Kingdom too! But walking through Animal Kingdom reminded me of walking through the jungles of the Yucatan. The Safari is hands down one of the best "rides" I've ever been on. The animals are incredible and they look happy. Also the trail walks are great. There are bats just an arms length away and birds surround you in the bird area of one of the walks. It was so cool! And they have information about all species and animals for an educating experience. It's so good for kids! They also have some fun rides, such as the Expedition Everest roller coaster, and Dinosaur, and the Safari. We also took the train to Conservation Station which has information about sustainable living, plants, a petting zoo, and exposes all the behind the scenes operations of taking care of the animals at Animal Kingdom. Another huge plus was the variety of healthy food options at Animal Kingdom. They have an allergen food cart with gluten free options and Mr. Kamal's counter service has delicious Falafel wraps and Samosas! We were impressed! They have a number of sit down restaurants and the Tree of Life is simply cool. I wish we had time to watch the great bird show and Lion King show and many of the other rides. It definitely turned out to be a wonderful surprise and high the list as one of my favorites.
I didn't get a chance to spend the whole day here and I regret it!  (I left early for Epcot).  The dinosaur ride is the best.  Not only do I love dinos but it reminded me of Indiana Jones, but better hah.  I wish I could ride it again :(
I'm a huge amusement parks fan, but at some point, I'm over saturated.  I really like Disney's Animal Kingdom because it's got something for the conservationalists with the zoo portion, something for the riders, and something for the people who enjoy shows.  Additionally, for your kids, there are a bunch of character visits down here. My sister currently works here, and I've had too much of running around the Disney Parks trying to ride everything.  During my last visit, I decided to be chill and just do some photography.  Arguably, this park has the best photography opportunities of them all.  A+
This was my favorite park, sure the jungle cruise was great but when you go yoou MUST check out the Dinosaur Kingdom. It will seriously make your trip. Make sure you go on the time travel ride, it's better than Indiana jones at Disneyland
This park is not nearly as busy as the other 3.  If you arrive early enough you will not need fast passes to any of the more popular rides, Dinosaur, Exp. Everest etc.  At 10:30 am there is a 10 minute wait time.  There is quite a bit of shade throughout the park which is nice in the summer whens its scorching hot.  I think you can get this park done in less than one day.
Ok I don't know what I expected but I certainly expected more I have a large family and paid 500.00 dollars to get them into this Disney theme park and it turns out to be a good zoo but good lord I can take my whole family to a good zoo for a 100 bucks I paid 5 times that much and got perhaps 250 in value. Ok the pros: the shows are spectacular, the safari ride is excellent and some of the rides are a lot of fun. The cons it's the same price for any of the other Disney theme parks and 5x the price of a great zoo.  This is a good park but I wish I had gone to Epcot. Perhaps some day I would come back but it would only be on say day four of a week long visit.    Bottom line is it worth the cost?  Not for my money.
Animal Kingdom is a very fun park to do.  I would recommend to do the park hopper pass.  If you go when the park opens and get fast pass for the major rides, you could get done with the entire park by late afternoon.   You could go to the Magic Kingdom and ride your favorite rides until the park closes.
I came to animal kingdom on Christmas day.  I have to say even though it was crowded it was not as bad as being in Magic Kingdom.  Animal Kingdom is a beautiful place.!   Kilmanjaro Safari:  (GO HERE FIRST AND GET A FAST PASS AND COME BACK!)This is a safari, that is incomparable to any zoo I have ever been to in my life.  This safari ride puts all the zoos to shame including the zoo in San Diego.  The safari that they created is a wonderful habitat for the animals. (At least appears to be.)  The person who lead the tour on the safari was also very enthusiastic even though I can only imagine that she has been doing it over and over all day.  The greatest thing about Animal kingdom and Disney in general is that the workers try their very best to make your experience a very good one.  You can never tell that you were their last customer that day.  They make you feel as if you were their first.  And I really appreciate them for doing such a good job especially on Christmas day.  This is the best ride in the whole park.  You should make sure that you go on this ride first before the line gets really long.  Animals are most active in the morning and they also close at 6pm.  So do this ride first! Lion King Show:  I am not usually a fan of musicals.  But this is a good show to see if you need to rest your feet for at least 20 minutes.  They got interactive with the audience, they sang, and there was acrobatic acts as well.  Kids and adults were very engaged, and it seats a lot of people per show so the wait is usually not long.   They also sang a lot of songs from the movie so people loved it especially the kids. Finding Nemo show:  I am usually not a fan of musicals as I told you before, but when you need to rest your feet, this is another good one.  The wait is not long because it is in a huge room so it fits a lot of people.  Some kids and adults had a hard time being engage in this one because they did not sing songs from the movie.  But in terms of acting and costumes and effort these people did a really good job.  They had a person holding up a Nemo fish and another person holding up the Dora fish singing and acting at the same time.  This show had beautiful colors and costumes.   Tough to be a bug 3d show:  Here is another good show to see if your feet hurt.  This is a 3D show and kids and adults both loved it.  It is short about 15 minutes and you pick up 3D glasses as you enter.  The wait is also not long because the room is big and you can squeeze a lot of people in.  I really liked this one.  It is fun and interactive. Kali River Rapids:  If you need to get wet because you are hot, this is a good ride to go on.  It reminds me of Great America's Ripe rolling Rapids only they have better water falls.  Kids seems to really enjoy this ride.  I thought it was weak compared to a log ride because there are no falls or anything.  They also sell poncho's for $7.50 for people that did not want to get wet.  This ride is good for the whole family to go on because it is not very intense.  You can also put all your belonging in the middle container to prevent your cell phone and you purse from getting entirely wet.  It does still get wet, but not as bad as if you got soaked.  For a person that is adventurous this ride can be boring.   Expedition Everest- Legend of the forbidden mountain: (GET ANOTHER FAST PASS  FOR THIS RIDE AND THEN COME BACK)  I Loved this roller coaster ride!  Very artistic and it is just fun.  I don't want to talk about it because I don't want to ruin it for you.  If you are adventurous and you love roller coasters you will love this ride.  No upside downs.  Just mainly ups and downs.  Not really for super young kids and those who get sick to the stomach.  My mother in law who is 63 years old went on this ride and hated it.  She stated, "She felt like someone was trying to kill her. " Tree of life:  I am sure that you will not miss the tree of life when you enter.  It is a huge tree but it is kinda cool so I took a bunch of pictures of it because it had faces on the tree trunks etc.   Yak and Yeti local food cafe:  I got really hungry after a whole day of walking miles in the amazement park.  So I decided to have Chinese.  Thinking they would skim on the food and charge you an arm and a leg, the family ordered beef chow mein, sweet and sour chicken, and 2 turkey sandwiches, the portion are really big so you can share something if you are not a heavy eater.  I saved the other half of my sandwich for later and the family had to throw some of the food away because they couldn't finish it.  The price point for the food was about $12 a person for a drink and food.  The food was 3 stars.  Not entirely bad and not entirely delicious. I loved my experience at Animal Kingdom!  If you have never gone to Magic kingdom and you love animals you should go.  And if you have kids they would love this place.  I didn't have enough time to go to the dinosaur section because it was getting late.
Out of all the Disney parks this was definitely my least favorite. When it comes to decoration or beauty Disney never fails. So i could never comment on a park not living up to its theme. However my boyfriend and I got to the park when it opened and were done in the park by 3:30pm. This park does not compare to the others in terms of the amount of rides or attractions. The rides and attractions we did were very fun and entertaining. However we went and one of the biggest rides, the rapids, were closed. That being closed made a big difference in the amount of time we spent there. Because there are not a ton of rides at this park. We did go see the Lion King show, and Nemo the musical which was both stunning. But even with seeing the shows we felt like the park needed more. Kilomanjaro was an attraction masterpiece and we rode that twice. This was really Disney innovation at its best.
First time coming here and I don't think I'll ever go back. It's really just one large zoo. Good for kids, but not so much for the hubby and I (we're in our 20s). The only things that we enjoyed here were the safari, A Bug's Life, Expedition Everest, and the Finding Nemo musical.
What a brilliant mix of theme park and zoo. This place is plenty big so you can easily spend the whole day here. Its a theme park up to Disney standards, and a great zoo all at the same time. A welcome change from all the other parks, and a bit more relaxing too.
Animal Kingdom is a very unique park with a great theme. There's a lot to see and it features a lot of different animal exhibits that varies by region such as Asian and African wildlife. The best rides are Dinosaur, Expedition Everest, It's Tough to Be a Bug, and Kilimanjaro Safari. Dinosaur is actually kind of terrifying because its fast paced, dark, bumpy, and unexpected. I honestly was very nervous on my first ride because I had no idea to expect. But either way, I loved it. Expedition Everest is very intense. If you are a roller coaster enthusiast then it probably won't be that spectacular. But this ride is so fun because its filled with so many great surprises. It's Tough to Be a Bug is such a fun show hosted by Flick from the Pixar film "A Bug's Life." This is a 4D show that will make you feel so grossed out and paranoid by the time its over. It's also really fun because everyone is screaming nonstop. This truly makes this attraction one step better. Then finally comes my favorite ride, Kilimanjaro Safari. This is almost like a real life representation of a authentic African safari. The tour cars bring you very up close and personal with the animals making it very different from a zoo experience. I loved it! What really makes this park stand out is the different country themes. Whenever you step into a different theme such as Africa, it truly feels like you are in an African town or maybe even a small Asian town nestled on the footsteps of Mount Everest. This really made this park so unique. In my opinion, a great thing about this park is that you can pretty much do everything from open to around 1:30 p.m. Plus if you want to go when it's not very crowded, be sure to go around the evening. People tend to leave by noon, so it should be easy to check out some rides with limited wait times. Overall, Animal Kingdom is a great park that animal and nature enthusiasts of all ages will truly enjoy.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is another 5-Star theme park.  Lot's of animal viewing areas and great rides.  The Kilimanjaro Safari allows you to go on a man made safari similar to what I did for real in South Africa.  The wait time is usually high so get a fast pass early. Other must do rides are Expedition Everest which is a roller coaster, It's Tough to be a Bug, Dinosaur, and Kali River Rapids.   Eat at the Tusker House Restaurant for an awesome buffet and the opportunity to see a lot of the Disney characters while you eat.
Two of my favorite Disney World experiences are at this park, Finding Nemo the Musical and Disnosaur, the ride.  Those two elements alone are worth the five star rating, but Disney's Animal Kingdom is so much more.  It is an interactive zoo, a nature preserve and carnival all in one with fun shows, great food, and fun shopping thrown into the mix.  It is not at all the classic "Magic Kingdom" experience- where Disney movie tie-ins are the primary attractions, instead, it focuses on the mystique and wonder of far-away lands to create a very other-worldly feeling.  I really love it. My bonus advice is to go to this park first thing in the morning- it doesn't get crowded until mid-morning- you won't have a very long wait at all for the most popular rides, Expedition Everest and the Safari, if you get there early.  PS- take a moment to stop and enjoy the bird show!
Animal Kingdom is probably my favorite Disney park! The theming was so well done! The Lion King show is amazing! It does get SUPER hot here so make sure you either take a water bottle to refill or drink lots of water while you're there. It is definitely the hottest park, temperature wise. Expedition Everest is one of my favorite rides. Oh and if you're looking to cool off/get SOAKED, Kali River Rapids is where to do that. One of the must sees is Kilimanjaro Safaris! You pretty much never get the same safari twice. I've been on it numerous times are there's only been a handful when I've seen the lion/lioness. So if you see one of them, you should feel like your Animal Kingdom day is over :) Make sure to check out the different trails that are hidden around the park as well. Also, there is a Bug's Life 3D show in (yes, in) the Tree of Life.
Good park. Least favourite of the Disney parks. Expedition Everest and the dinosaur ride are good as is the Yak and Yeti restaurant.
As a Disney lover I was pretty let down by this park. I go to Florida every year in January and make it a point to visit one or two parks while I am there....a few things... -The park is much smaller than expected...it only takes a few hours. -The staff is no where near as helpful or friendly as the other parks. -Went to a stand to order a beer...they were out of beer...Okay, fine, Ill take a pretzel.....oh, you are out of that too??!!!? -Went to get a funnel cake at the only place that offers funnel cake in the whole park...the line was insane and the cook was only making two at a time. -Hardly saw any animals....we went shortly after lunch time so maybe they were napping but it wasnt hot outside.
This is the best show in Disney World.  It is complete with wonderful singing, trapeze artists, colorful floats, a fire artist, dancing, stilt walkers, Timon and Pumbaa, and the audience singing and clapping along.  It's also air conditioned, which is a huge plus in the steamy Animal Kingdom.  Sit higher up for the best view.  Don't miss it!
Animal Kingdom, to me, feels a lot different than the other parks. It's almost like the World's Best Zoo. A lot of focus on wild animals, conservation, nature, etc. But don't be fooled, there's a lot more here than just monkeys and giraffes. First off, Expedition Everest is a GREAT ride. We rode it six times in one morning, just because we could. The theming around it is really cool (Disney is a master of this), with lots of real and semi-real Yeti legend info, and I love the prayer flags hanging everywhere. The ride itself is thrilling without being too much. Also, pro tip: the shop at the end of Everest is the only place I have seen the ladies' shirts they sell there. And they're very cute. So keep an eye out. Other cool stuff: Dinosaur (very dark in there, though), Primeval Whirl, It's Tough to be a Bug. I have to caution against going on Kali River Rapids unless you are prepared to get SOAKED. On the more animalistic side of things, the safari is very cool; you definitely want to aim for early in the day or toward the end of it because those are the best times to see animals. They took away the whole silly "poaching" storyline and now you just get to see the animals and take lots of pictures. We even saw a baby giraffe. And some lions. And elephants. And okapi. And... Well, you get the idea. I also like the Africa and Asia "village" areas' theming, although the food could be kicked up a notch (all of the "African" food seems to either be Mediterranean or maybe South African; it's a huge continent, come on...). In short, Animal Kingdom is the park that will feed your wild side.
This is probably my favorite out of the four parks in florida.  The Mount Everest ride rocked. I would go there just for that. They park is laid out really nicely and its a really nice zoo basically. Disney did a good job and its something you shouldn't pass up when going to Orlando.
Reallyy great park where you can take your time to just explore and observe the animals. I recomond just standing there at each animal observation area for 5 minutes to see what happens. You might never know what you see. i love the numerous averies. And the truck ride out to the consevatory is awesome as well. The park is able to put in the message of conservation, education about animals, and thr disney attention to detail all in one.
Besides Magic Kingdom and Epcot. Animal Kingdom is also the other best park to visit. Great rides like Expedition Everest and Kali River Rapids. The safaris are also very cool. Make sure you don't leave without seeing The Lion King and Finding Nemo show. Both are very good.
I'm thinking that perhaps it was the time of year that we decided to attend the Resort, but this Park basically suffered the same fate as the other Disney Theme Parks that we attended... too many darn people! But dang it... I still love coming to this one. This particular Theme Park with the Tree of Life as its main icon has two central areas; that's Africa & China. Their most popular attraction would have to be their full size roller coaster Expedition Everest where lines can end up being quite long. They do have a Fast Pass available, but it's usually a good idea to get to the Park right at opening time, grabbing a FP for it then heading over to the Kilimanjaro Safari Trek where you'll find that all the animals on the Safari tend to be more active and more photo opportunities and enjoyment are available. There is an area much like a certain area in Fantasyland at Magic Kingdom called Dinoland that is meant more so for the really little ones' enjoyment. This Park is quite festive and makes for some great people watching. I truly enjoyed the Harambe Drummers/Dancers as they played traditional music and got some of the other guests involved in some of the traditional dance which brought even larger smiles to most people's faces. The theming throughout the Park proves quite beautiful providing many beautiful backdrops for photo ops. I guess the best thing to hope for is that others will be kind and conscience enough to notice you and/or others in your party. It seems to be that the Finding Nemo and Lion King shows are a must see, but alas we didn't see them as we were trying to squeeze in as much as possible in only a half a day. There is a Character Meal (make reservations) in the form of breakfast or lunch at the Tusker House with Donald & Friends. We went to the lunch and there was some great food and an awesome bunch of characters available there including Mickey Mouse. There is also a parade to be seen if that's your thing. If you'd like to watch it then it's a good idea to find a spot near the area you'd like to explore next. The only thing that really kind of stinks about this Park is that if the weather calls for continued rainfalll then Disney is pretty much forced to close the Park. Unfortunately in the off season this Park ends up closing rather early (especially being such a visual Park that proves better during the day,) but I have a feeling that as time goes on and the Park gets more crowded that this may change due to a need.
Although I've been to Walt Disney World dozens of times in my lifetime, I'd never been to the Animal Kingdom. I usually enjoy the Magic Kingdom, and am not a huge fan of Hollywood Studios or Epcot, and wasn't quite sure what to expect about coming here. I was quite amazed at how incredible and fun this park is, and left completely satisfied. First off, the park itself transports you out of central Florida, you actually forget you're here. It feels like a lush jungle, with plants EVERYWHERE, even a lot of plants that shouldn't be growing here... noticed LOTS of bamboo trees all over the Asian part of the park. The design of the park is really quite spectacular, and of course the centerpiece being the tree of life, a MASSIVE tree with all the animals of the park carved into the bottom of the tree. Also a big thank you to whoever decided to sell beer in this park! It was fantastic being able to enjoy an ice cold beer on a hot day to help me relax, and I could tell a lot of the dad's who'd been lugging their kids around all day were VERY happy to sit and have a cold one. The stars of the park are, of course, the animals. There are quite a few safaris that you can take that will transport you out to Africa. I went on the Kilimanjaro safari where I saw lions, cheetahs, hippos, giraffes, crocodiles, rhinos, elephants, gazelles, and many more! There are also numerous areas where you can walk through at your own pace and check out many animals such as tigers, gorillas, fish, birds, and bats. In a lot of the bird areas, there are guides available showing you pictures of all the birds in the enclosure, and information on all of them. There are also a TON of guides available at almost every animal, and they know they're stuff. They will give you information on the animal, answer questions, and the best part, put people in line if they're acting stupid, like tapping the glass at tigers or rhinos, or trying to reach in cages to pick up dangerous spiders. Yes, people are that stupid and ignorant. Thankfully, the guides put a stop to all that garbage quickly. I was also very impressed by the overall message of the park, which is respect for nature and conservation. I'm no hippie by any means, but I appreciate nature and animals, and this park stresses that heavily, even teaching about poachers and what they're doing in Africa. There aren't that many rides, but the coolest one, by far, is Expedition Everest. I would venture out to say this is my favorite ride in all of the disney parks. This ride flat-out kicks rear. Totally worth the wait, and to be honest, the wait wasn't that bad. If you're looking to fastpass anything in the park, it would be this ride and the kilimanjaro safari. Definitely try to get these in as much as possible. The dinoland area is also cool, although it is very much geared towards kids. A lot of kiddie rides and shows, but it's a very cool setup and I liked it. Overall, I am very impressed with the Animal Kingdom. When I walked in, I wasn't sure what to expect, and quite honestly didn't think I'd enjoy it near as much as I did. I would have to bump it up to number 2 in the Disney Parks, right behind Magic Kingdom, but light years ahead of Epcot and Hollywood Studios. If you're traveling to Disney, you should do yourself a favor and check this place out, ESPECIALLY if you have kids, they will LOVE this place.
"Animal Kingdom - The best park from the 4" This park is a full day activity and make sure you are there early as the animals are awake and wondering around instead of lying under the shed. We were there in Nov although very hot but there was less traffic because the schools were back on. It was an amazing experience with all sorts of animals; they touch different continents of the world...you will be walking through Africa to Asia and even a Dinosaur land! Once you get in don't stop just go to the safari ride and make that you first ride as it get busy plus you are more likely to see more animals in the earlier part of the day as it is not as hot in the morning. The Lion King show is worth seeing it was fun, I didn't enjoy Nemo much but these appeal to all ages. Also don't miss the "It's Tough to be a Bug" movie, firstly it cool in there so a good break but it's truly funny and will surprise you at some point. All the parks have one focal point of a picture and I think The Tree of Life is so beautiful and does justice to be a focal point in this park. I also enjoyed the dinoland it was pretty interesting and enjoyable. My wife and I got a cartoon character picture done there, the guys was very nice and did a good funny job. After the picture it was time for the mid day parade which was very enjoyable as all the characters were giving high five to the audiences and shaking their hands. Lot of characters can be seen here. Make sure you don't miss out on Mt. Everest Roller Coaster... it is the best ride! There are water fountains to keep you hydrated and different tier of restaurants are available depending on how much you want to spend. My recommendation will be to pack some snacks, drinks plus wear comfortable shoes and don't forget the hat, glasses & sunscreen. In end I would like to say make sure you plan this park properly as this closes earlier then other, so we went to downtown Disney in the evening on that day.
Yawn! OK, The safari was cool and Mount Everest coaster, but that is it. A lot of $ to spend with 1/4 of the stuff to do compared to Magic Kingdom. The hours suck, but I can see why they have them, for the animals. We were there 10 to 5 and did only a few things. Not worth the money. Park is hard to get through unless you know it well, which we did not, this was our first time there. Another thing we noticed was the small snack stands closed about an hour before the park did. Couldnt get a snack at 4pm in the afternoon. I'd do this again with a park hopper ticket and that is it. Also, the amusement park inside the park was a waste. They ask for more $ so you can play carnival games after you spent $90 to get into the park!?!?!
After visiting all of the Walt Disney Theme Parks I have to say that Animal Kindom is by and far my favorite of the parks. I am someone who really enjoys rides, but that isn't why I think that Animal Kingdom is the best. I really enjoy the mix of theme park, zoo, and live animal attractions. There wasn't a frantic rush from ride to ride to sit in a line for a ride that is going to last about thirty seconds. I felt there was a good mix of rides, live exhibits, and generally fun themed things to do. Make sure you go on the safari tour!
A good park to just walk and see the animals. There are some rides but this is more for nature and animals. Make sure to do the safari first! As soon as you get in head straight for it or at dusk, this is when the animals are more active.
I have been to this park once and I absolutely loved it!!!! It was a the perfect size to cover in one day and not be exhausted. We did not feel we had to run around sticking to a tight schedule to make sure we saw everything there was to see. We went at a slow pace and really allowed ourselves time to enjoy everything and take it in. Go to CONSERVATION STATION first!!! They do vet procedures and just plain interesting stuff in the morning. This was my favorite part of the day. I would have been very disappointed had we missed the changing of the turtle's bandage (seriously...I would have). Do not miss the KILIMANJARO SAFARI. We went twice. We went first thing in the morning and right before leaving. Different animals were active since the tours were about 6 hours apart. KALI RIVER RAPIDS sucked! What a disappointment. A loooong wait for two twists and turns, a bucket load of water dumped on you and a quick exit. Skip it...unless you are really hot. I was disappointed in the traffic flow for the parade. If you get "stuck" behind the parade you are just that...stuck. It is not like other disney parks where there are alternate walking routes. There aren't any. You sit there and watch safari mickey stroll down the path. Period. I highly recommend this park. It does not have all of chaos and hype that the other parks do but that is a good thing. Do this park on a day that you need a break...looking for something a little more relaxed. We will definitely be back!
This is my least favorite of the four Disney World parks, and while I hate to give any Disney anything less than 3 stars, I just have to. I only visit Animal Kingdom on very extended vacations, where I'll be there for at least a full week, and even then we park hop after a half day. As previous reviewers have stated, it's just a very overpriced and boring zoo. I much prefer Busch Gardens in Tampa. We didn't even get to go on the one cool ride, Everest, because the line was so long and Fast Passes were done for the day. Ah well, maybe next time. The good news is, we park hopped to Epcot for some super fun times!
Continuing on the 2013 Around the World in a wheelchair tour.  While personally I love the Animal Kingdom, from a wheelchair standpoint there are some serious issues.  First of is the main entrance, while there are a number of accessible gates the sheer number of peeps trying to get into this place outnumbers the ability all guests to make a graceful entrance.  Reminds me of packing fish into a can....   From the onset, the accessible parking is rather limited, but the parking lot is for the most part flat so wheeling in wasn't too bad.  After the main entrance gauntlet, there is a pretty decent climb, over "rocky" roads to the vista where you get to see one of the better views in the park of the Tree of Life.  Often this area is packed with photo takers, so mind the heels of those dumb enough to stop in front of your chair.  After that main area things flatten out but the the texture in the pathways, to make things look rustic and adventuresome make your chair track into bushes and fences if left alone to free wheel down a path. Food-wise, there is a decent amount of accessible seating in the quick service restaurants.  I was a little disappointed in Yak and Yeti's, there it was best that I transferred to my crutches to get to our table.  The restaurant is a bit narrow overall, so chair-wise, it could be a decent challenge. In the AK, there are 2-3 rides that require a lot of hopping in and out of a chair, Dinosaur was the only one that comes to mind that had a longer entrance pathway, but the smooth flooring was nice, and there is a elevator to get you down to the main loading area of the ride.  It has one of the larger elevators and our entire party of 6 plus a chair fit just fine.   The main ride at AK, Expedition Everest has got to be one of the better designs for wheelchair access to get to the ride vehicle.  Either push your chair through the que or opt for the single rider line.  Both entrances are flat, have nice smooth pathways and really the only trouble I had was getting into the train.  There is a fairly high rail you need get your legs/feet over and then the car is a bit deep and narrow, so if you can figure out how to manage all of that, it has to be the best ride in all of the WDW parks right now! The best ride in the AK for access without getting out of a chair is the Safari ride, they have specialty accessible  trucks that have wheelchair ramps and gives the chair riding the best view on the truck! Like I mentioned, personally I really enjoy the AK, and it was just "a-okay" from a wheelchair standpoint.
The shows and rides and shows at Animal Kingdom are all great! It's best to tray and hit Animal Kingdom early in the morning, right when the park opens. If you wait until mid day, it usually gets too hot for most of the animals and they go hiding in the shade (where you can really get a good look at them) and they are not in 'action' - you'll get more action out of the Jungle Cruise at Magic Kingdom on a really hot day. But nothing beats seeing real live animals in action. I've been lucky enough to have been on a real safari and Disney's done a great job. It's looks just like  the real thing. My favorite is watching the meerkats!
(3.5 stars to be exact) If you like animals, you'll like this park. You can probably spend 1/2 a day to 1 full day (max) at this park. I do recommend you go on the Everest Ride -- it's probably one of my favorite rides out of all the Disney World parks. IF you like shows, go watch Finding Nemo and the Lion King celebration thing (it is also a nice place to sit and enjoy the AC on a hot day). I don't see myself visiting this park again because I can always go to a local zoo to see animals.
The Lion King Show is excellent!  I hear it's the short version (20 minute show) of the Broadway show.  And our favorite ride was the Kali whitewater raft ride. The only downside was the 1 1/2 hour wait to get on the ride in Orlando's hot, steamy summer weather.  Next time I'll use the fast pass to get around the Disney attractions to avoid the long wait time.
I went to Animal Kingdom for the first time on Sunday. I had honestly set the bar pretty low since I didn't know what to expect, hadn't heard a lot about what was actually inside besides Expedition Everest,  and hadn't been very thrilled with Hollywood Studios on Saturday. However, I really liked Animal Kingdom. We used the My Disney Experience App and booked FastPasses the day before for Expedition Everest, Kilmanjaro Safari and Dinosaur. Once we arrived at the park, we used the app to look at wait times and ran right over to Everest. This might be my favorite ride of all Disney Parks. LOVED it. So unique, fast and fun. Such a creative ride that takes the fun of the slow dark rides, but makes it FUN! The husband felt a bit queasy afterwards, but I felt fine since there wasn't really any spinning. Since it was early and we could walk right on, we then cancelled the FastPass for Everest and changed it to the Nemo Musical. I also really liked the musical. Of course there were a lot of kids that just can't sit still, but it was dark and fairly easy to tune them out. The show was only about 30 minutes, but I really liked it. The actors use puppets on stage, but they look animated from our seats. Very neat. Dinosaur was decent and reminded me of Indiana Jones which is at DisneyLand. It was fun once, but I wouldn't ride it again. It's Tough to Be a Bug was a lot more fun than I thought it would be. We had skipped it last month at California Adventure in Anaheim, but really happy I saw it here. Very cute and loved the 4D effects :) I also really enjoyed the Kilamanjaro Safari. Very cool ride with the fun of Jungle Safari Cruise, but with actual animals. You could ride this a dozen times without getting too bored. The rest of the park was just like a regular zoo almost (except clean and I not once actually smelled an animal). It was nice to be able to walk around and explore and not have to wait in line for something. We ended up skipping the raft ride because we didn't feel like getting wet (man, I sound old!). For food, we ate at the Yak & Yeti, which I reviewed seperately, but we LOVED it. Get the Beef Lo Mein. We also had a Yak Attack which was SO good (alcoholic) which is also available at Yak & Yeti (at the beverage stand). We saw the parade which is at 3:45 and enjoyed some drinks from the bar right by Street Party near Kilamanjaro Safari. Bonus points for this part serving alcohol. Overall I think this is my 4th favorite Disney Park. Courtney's Official Disney Park Rankings 1. Magic Kingdom Orlando 2. California Adventure 3. Magic Kingdom Anaheim 4. Animal Kingdom 5. Epcot 6. Hollywood Studios Courtney's Official Top Disney Rides (all categories) 1. Toy Story Mania 2. Radiator Springs Racers 3. Tower of Terror (either) 4. Expedition Everest 5. Indiana Jones (Disney Land)
The Dinosaur ride was the best part about out visit here. We went on a day were it wasn't to hot or full and got to enjoy that ride 8-9 times. Yea you heard me that many times! If you have never done this ride then you need to get yourself to this park and try it out. Rest of the park was cool. Not my favorite of the large Disney Parks but it's ok. Everest was a 3 plus hour wait on the day we went so we skipped because we have been to Theme parks like Cedar Point in Ohio which have 5 of the top 10 Roller coasters in the world so skipping this one was ok. lol
Being Disney it's of course an amazing park and very elaborate but very few rides and probably my least favourite Disney park.
The Animal Kingdom theme park was ok. The best attraction was the safari tour. It was full of action and wild animals. That was definitely an adventure to experience. It almost mimicked a real African Safari experience. Rafiki's planet watch train was out of service, so I did not get to experience that. Shirley, from Dinosaur Island, MI was EXTREMELY helpful. She could tell by my facial expression that I thought the park was weak, so she showed me a list of theatrical shows that were playing and a roller coaster ride option. That was really nice.
One of my favorite parks Disney or elsewhere.  Animals + Rides = Awesome.  Throw in a smoked turkey leg and it doesn't get much better. Highlights of course are the Safari and we also really enjoyed the Lion King show. Didn't spend much time here on this trip but it's always worth stopping by for a little bit.  Had a great character lunch at Tusker House.
Animal Kingdom seems to be a very underrated and underappreciated park.  The Kiliminjaro Safaris are unbelievable.  You should definitely run there first as soon as the park opens because lines are long.  They have all the Disney shows and parades but also offer an educational and entertaining look at animals.  There are great rides too like Expedition Everest: an awesome roller coaster set on Mount Everest in an attempt to find the elusive yeti.  The symbolic tree of life in the middle houses the Bugs Life show.  The park is very big with alot for everybody.  This park usually closes the earliest so it's crucial to be there upon park opening.
IT'S A JUNGLE IN HERE! This is my least favorite park and my reason is that it just seems laid out really bad.  The Magic Kingdom is so easy to get around and can handle the massive crowds.  The Animal Kingdom can not handle the massive crowds, in fact it is almost impossible to get around here.  It can get really frustrating.  This terrible layout is worthy of a one star but I am too big of a Disney Fan to do that to this park.  Even our 5 year old did not really like the park, so we have to wait a few years to try it again with her. I did like the new additions to the park...it had been almost 10 years since my wife and I had been to this particular park.  The new roller coaster Expedition Everest is really cool.  I love the darkness and a coaster that reverses in mid ride to go onto a different track...very fun if you ask me.  Not the most thrilling coaster ever built but very innovative. The safari is a lot more fun than it use to be since they decided to do the tour more like the Jungle Cruise at the Magic Kingdom.  Everyone loves a little comedy along the way!!!  Our driver was very funny too...he had a bumper sticker that said, "I love potholes!"  I pointed it out to him and while we were on the tour he hit the brakes and almost threw it in reverse to hit the pothole he missed. The lion king show is great and the Finding Nemo Show was fun.  Both of those shows are kid favorites and adults who are like kids too. The park is fun and a must see but if it is crowded it will test your patience.  The other Disney Parks have never made me feel uncomfortable because of the crowds.  Hopefully when I come back here this particular park will be a little less crowded.
This park is ok, although I was not very impressed since I have been to better zoos. The Everest ride is a really good ride, and the safari ride is good as well since there are no fences between you and the animals.
Beautiful!  Informative! Relaxing! A few Good Rides
This is my favorite of Disney's theme parks.  The best part about this park is that you see different things each time.   Last weekend there was a baby gorilla that was playing with his mother and all of us that were  lucky to witness this watched for a good while as this baby danced, flipped and rolled around.
The best park at Disney hands down!! It's the fun of a theme park and a zoo combined. Unlike the other parks that are, in my opinion, mostly geared toward children, this park has a lot of fun activities for the whole family to enjoy. My favorite attractions: DINOSAUR, Expedition Everest, It's Tough to be a Bug, Kilimanjaro Safaris. The Dinosaur and Expedition Everest ride are both amazing rides and incredibly well done. I do not think the Kali River Rapids ride is worth a fast pass at all. We waited on line for an hour in the heat just to go on this ride that lasted what felt like a minute. It was over way too fast.
We almost skipped this park and are glad we didn't.  We have two wonderful zoos in Chicagoland and I've been to both many many times.  But this is something different and we really enjoyed it.  On our recent mid-January visit the park was only open from 9-5 but the lack of lines made up for the abbreviated hours.  We hit all the highlights recommended by friends and here they are. Must sees 1)  Kilimanjaro Safaris:  Be transported to the quaint villages of Africa and into a safari ride like none any zoo offers that I've been to.  Get up close and personal with Rinos and more.  Very fun. 2)  Expedition Everest:  Note; this is not a strenuous ride but I was traveling with a third and fifth grader so this was perfect.  We loved it and the waiting area is just as interesting as the ride itself. 3)  Conservation Station:  We saw an actual surgery in progress of a gazelle with intestinal issues.  AMAZING! 4)  DINOSAUR:  The ride itself is gentle but the giant dinosaurs jumping out at you add some excitement. 5)  It's Tough to Be a Bug:  Now I did not care for this 4D movie because I don't like bugs.  It starts out cute with the Bug Life characters but then it gets a little too real for me and I found myself jumping into my husband's lap for the ongoing joy of my family.  My freak out is now his favorite part of the trip. We ate at Flame Tree Barbecue and the four of us shared three half slab meals and were stuffed.  Very good barbecue and this family knows their barbecue.  $51 for the whole family including two Tusker beers at $7.25 each. We also really enjoyed the jalapeno cheese stuffed pretzel $4.29 at Harambe Fruit Market. The scenery in Africa and Asia were really cool and I especially enjoyed that.  Worth the visit.  No night show here so this was the night we went back to Magic Kingdom.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is no ordinary zoo.  Like all things Disney this union of traditional zoo and theme park raise the bar for zoo experiences.  The centerpiece of the park is the Tree of Life which towers over the park in a similar fashion to Cinderella's Castle at Magic Kingdom.  The tree is a truly amazing site.  Countless animal reliefs are sculpted into the bark of the tree which you will notice upon focusing on the tree trunk.   The Africa and Asia sections of the park have very convincing architecture and give you bit of the sensation of being in another country.  My favorite attraction is the approximately 20 min Kilimanjaro Safari where you witness African wildlife in an open habitat from a large truck. In addition to the animal focused attractions in Africa and Asia there are a number live theatrical performance such as the Lion King and Nemo that are enjoyable productions for children and adults.  The Dinoland area is filled with amusement park rides and the Camp Disney area gives the kiddos a chance to meet their favorite characters.   You can experience everything the Animal Kingdom has to offer in a single day.  It's a less hectic pace and feels less crowded than Magic Kingdom so it's a great way to break up your Disney World Vacation with a day in a theme park that's a little more laid back than some of the others.  They really did a great job of maintaining the focus on animals and emphasizing conservation efforts while balancing these serious matters with loads of fun for kids.
Animal Kingdom was pretty cool. You can do most of it from opening to closing (9-5 ish).  Gotta do the safari if you go here and watch the Lion King show. If you want to meet some characters, they are all in Camp Mini-Mickey.
I LOVED, LOVED, LOVED Animal Kingdom!! LOVED it!! If you go to Disney, you HAVE to go to Animal Kingdom. You just gotta! The safari was fantastical! We were stopped by a white rhino who was definitely in no hurry to let us pass. We got to see the King of the Jungle, giraffes (I got a really awesome picture that I'm going to hang in my house), hippos, some deer looking things (I won't even try to remember what they are called) and a bunch of other animals. In case you've ever been and wondered why the lion hasn't mauled the deer like creatures by now...the chains throughout the safari serve a barrier between the different animal habitats. The animals don't like the way they feel on their feet. Considering that we went during Spring Break, the lines were minimal and the park wasn't packed. I mentioned in my review of Magic Kingdom that the lines to meet the characters were long...not here! We met Donald, Mickey, Minnie, Balou, & King Louie all in less than 30 minutes. They signed our hats. It was great! We had really tasty smoked chicken at Flame Tree BBQ, complete with visits from these kind of large white birds. There was some kind of show going on in the "street" so we our meal was set to music. We got to groove to Danza Kuduro while enjoying poultry slathered in BBQ sauce. YUM! We rode Expedition Everest and I almost lost my lunch. *NOTE: In my (not so) old age, rollercoasters have become a staunch enemy. My brother and sister made me get on. There's a really unexpected turn of events on the ride. I really enjoyed just walking around observing all the different animals and taking pictures. I wasn't nearly as stressed (due to the number of people) as I was at Magic Kingdom. My sister, who loves a good princess, was far more impressed and had more fun here than at Magic Kingdom.
Lame...I know everyone loves Disney, but Busch Gardens was way better. Young kids can't do half the activities at Animal Kingdom.
I really enjoy my visits to the Animal Kingdom. I find that this park is fun exploring and is a complete visual delight. I have found the best way to visit this theme park is to head out a few hours before its stated closing time. Once the afternoon parade takes place folks start clearing out; as each hour progresses the crowds thin out since most are likely hitting one of the other Disney parks. While you may have to wait a bit or grab a Fastpass for the more popular attractions such as Exhibition Everest, Kali Rapids River or the Kilimanjaro Safari you will find that there are plenty of other attractions to see or do till the crowds thin out. Have you heard about the new Wilderness Explorers program?  It's like being a Girl Scout or Boy Scout; you have fun going around the park learning about nature, animals and the like earning badges along the way. While we didn't have time for this adventure this past visit, I do look forward to coming back and learning some cool things. I know some might think its for just little ones, but my twelve year old & her friend want to go back and do it with me. I enjoy that by having animals at this park it makes every trip to Animal Kingdom a new experience!
First thing that amazed me when we entered the park was of course the tree!!! Ahhhhh the HUGE tree of life was so amazing to me.  This was only my second time here, and the last time I visited was over 10 years ago. I didn't get the opportunity to visit the whole park because they closed at 5.  I couldn't believe how early, but it's because they have to feed the animals and there's a boat load of them! I went on a pretty interesting Safari in the 'African' section.  The girl who took us on the safari knew her shit! All the different animals, where they hide, where they come from... it was cool experience, but better for the younger kids.   "Simba" kept coming on over the two way pager to make sure our driver was "staying on track", and she would swerve the Safari Jeep for an added effect of entertainment, splashing through puddles and mists that appeared to be nature's fog.  Some animals we saw: flamingos (my fav), hippopotamus (my other fav), lots of birds, lots of  BIG mammals such as Wallabies and Gazelles, saw some monkeys...and a whole other bunch of animals I can't even begin to retrieve from my brain. The tiger exhibit was pretty amazing.  They weren't so close in my opinion; there's a huge drop dividing us and the Tigers, and glass... I like to live on the edge! Bring them closer to me! Even though they seemed far it was amazing to watch all five of them in their natural habitat.  I learned from the gentleman who was overseeing this exhibit that tigers can climb. Now I know they are part of the feline family, but when I say climb I'm talking bout like 50 ft.... trees, and even the cement wall that was used as a divider in the exhibit.  Imagine all of us on the same level and then digging a 20 ft deep 100 ft wide ditch, and what leads up from the ditch is two sets of cement stairs, and between the two sets of stairs is just plain cement.  I can't explain it that well, but the tigers can just climb that wall.  My measurements are probably way off, but the point is they can do more then just run fast and attack.  The guy told me if a tiger is ever chasing me I shouldn't climb a tree. That was point to giving you such a vivid example.  Let's hope that encounter never takes place! Another thing I enjoyed were the Fruit Bats. They were very interesting to me.  I've only seen a real bat one time in Pennsylvania at my cousin's house, and it was smushed to a tennis racket (RIP).  It was tiny compared to these suckers! I always thought fruit bats were the small ones....boy was I wrong!   Did you know there are over 1000 species of bats? Now you know! The woman said they are like us--not nocturnal.  I was under the impression ALL bats slept during the day, and not for nothing, but these guys and gals just hung upside down as I stared at them, and appeared to be knocked the eff out... I hope that lady wasn't trying to pull a fast one on me!  I also learned their wing span can be up to 6 ft.  They wrap their wings around their body as they sleep...or hang I should say. You really won't get to see the actual length unless they fly or open them up.  I wasn't fortunate enough to see any fly, but I saw one open his wings.  They look like leather, and have creepy ass veins.  They are so weird looking, but very unique animals. The last thing I have to comment about is the restaurant we ate at: Yak & Yeti.  You'll have to read my review to get all the Juicy details! All I'll say is that it's a fabulous restaurant in the 'Asian' part of the kingdom. the funny part to this whole review is that as I sit here and write all the things I observed I completely forgot that this was the park we opted not to visit at first.  We thought it was going to be boring.  We figured we could go to the zoo at home, and we've all already done that plenty of times.  Due to the lack of activity at Magic Kingdom where we had planned to spend our whole last Thursday at, we decided to hit up the Animal kingdom because we had the extra time.  I am so glad we did. I wish I would have had the opportunity to visit more exhibits being that I'm such an animal lover, but I had a great, and more importantly productive experience at Animal Kingdom!
Great place to see amazing animals.
As it goes for a Disney park it is my least favorite park in Fl.  Don't get me wrong it is still a great park that you can have lots of fun at.  The main reason it is my least is its size.  It is the smallest of the parks (at least that is how it feels).  There are some great rides there to hit and a couple shows that need to be hit when down there.  You want to hit this park on a week day if possible.  Also you want to get there at open.  If you do this you will be able to do the whole park in half a day.  Make sure that you hit Everest, Dinosaur, the Safari, and the Nemo Show.  These are the best things to hit and you might want to do fast passes for them if they are busy.  So while at Disney this is a good stop.
If you're planning on a vacation in Orlando and might not have enough time to visit all the theme parks - definitely make it a priority to visit Animal Kingdom. This place is so much fun and the safari was awesome. Not only that - but the roller coaster is AMAZING. Unlike any other one I've been on before - there's a twist (not a curvy section) but more of something that you won't suspect while you're on the ride. Also - the ticket agents there are awesome. We were lucky to walk up to Meghan's window where she was extremely helpful in assisting us in purchasing our passes for the weekend. She was very informative and was able to pick which pass we needed to get the biggest bang for our buck. Disney tickets are ridiculously expensive, so it was really nice of her to ask us our plans and accomodate us with the ticket package that would best suit our needs. They're lucky to have Meghan working for them.
Great park.  Our daughter was selected as one of the kids to dance around at the Lion King show and she had a blast.  I was very impressed with the show, it's one of Disney's best.  The safari reminded me of San Diego's Wild Animal Park except with some ride elements.  And the Expedition Everest is a pretty exciting ride.  Can't wait till we get out to WDW again.
A lot of walking, but a great Disney experience.  Use the fast pass on what you really want to see because of the treks.
Great big zoo!  Fun for kids and has a few good rides.  I really like the dinosaur ride which is usually overlooked.  I always feel bad for the animals in enclosures though.
As Soon As The Parked Open I Powered Walked To The Safari Ride ! No Wait !! Don't be dumb and wait in line fast past is the way to go. Unless you wanna wait 1 hr instead of  5-10 min. Everest has single rider line 5 min wait.
Meh for adults. If you are taking the kiddies add one star. Just not enough to do to justify the 90$ price tag per day.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is one of the Disney World Parks in Orlando, Florida. This park actually suprised me. I thought it was going to be more of a Zoo but it actually had a good amount of things to do and a few rides that you could take that weren't too intense so it is a good park to relax at. Came here for my anniversary trip with my girlfriend and we loved it. The Safari ride can get pretty long so a fast pass might be a good idea for that ride. You hop onto a sizable car and take a tour of their enviorments they have for thier various animals. For example the Lion, cheetah and Zebra were among them. You can get some great pictures so make sure your cameras are out and ready! I heard a lot of different reviews about Dinosaur being scary or too loud. In my opinion it was a little bit noisy but I don't think it was THAT scary. Yes it was dark but things didn't really just pop out at you and what not. It does have quite a few bumps. For people who have been to Disneyland and have ridden The Indiana Jones ride it is a toned down version of that. You are in a car and driving through the ride often accelerating or decelerating and moving up and down or turning. There is also a Finding Nemo show which was pretty cool as well! Very cute and good for kids and adults! Has music and people who hold the characters and move as if they are swimming. A must see if you like Nemo and are in this park! Line can get a bit long however but the seats were good all around. There is also A Lion King play that was also very entertaining to watch. This is a bit different then The Finding Nemo show in regards that the Lion King seats people all around the room where Nemo is a front statium style sitting. I liked the show a lot, lots of singing and they do a lot of interaction with the crowd which was nice. Go Lion Group! (There are 4 groups, Lions, Warthogs, Elephants and Giraffes) All in all a great park that is good for kids and adults, the younger more adventureous crowd who don't like to see animals or kid attracts might want to go to a different park however. Have fun and GO LIONS!
I wish we hadn't been so tired while we were here.  The Safari and the Expedition Everest roller coaster were awesome!  The train totally sucked.  We were there the weekend before Thanksgiving and it was pretty crowded.
Disney is all magical, but this is the worst of their 6 parks. Out of the 6 parks at Disney World Orlando (4 theme parks, 2 water parks) this is the least exciting of the 6. Its hard to give ANYTHING at Disney less than 5 stars, but to review fairly for user comparison, I have to be honest with myself as I rate and review the others as well!  I would say come here for one half day or just one 9-5 day of your Disney trip and then be certain you have "Park Hopper" passes so you can travel to one of the other Disney parks and enjoy more (Epcot around the world evening experience would work perfectly from 5-10pm to not waste any vacation days/time and be efficient with your fun!). Like 3-5 attractions here are tops, but the other Disney parks  have overall more gold star attractions. Nothing at Disney is bad. But where has the MOST favorites? Well, just not here! First, the hours here are limited. When I was there January for a Marathon weekend, this park opened at 10am and closed at 5pm. (Short hours - great for limping around with Lactic Acid and taking photos with Mickey in Safari Attire and my Mickey Mouse Marathon Medal). The Safari ride through the zoo was cool, however, I can't say it is any better than the zoos in major cities like DC, Chicago, or even Indianapolis. Don't go there for it alone, but if you are there then certainly hop on once and bring a non flash camera for the tour ride. I must absolutely recommend that every roller coaster enthusiast experience the front row of one roller coaster there, Expedition Everest. Disney is magical and more family based than "thrill seeker" based for someone like me that loves thrilling coasters/rides.  The QUALITY and AMAZEMENT of Everest, with story theme and roller coaster physics, and even thrilling unexpected surprises along the way is anything less then ten stars for this ride alone. Whoever masterminded this heavenly magical creation is a genius and I would love to shake their had and buy them a beer! The Expedition Everest roller coaster begins as a chain lift up the mountain.  You drop down the first hill and begin a fun coaster adventure through the Himalayan mountains on your rail road track car.  Based on historical legend, the railroad company closed down and unknown shipment failures based on the abominable snowman, the YETI! You race up a track and it ENDS like the Yeti ate it.  Just before you wet your pants if you already haven't, your train on the ride stops, the coaster engineer geniuses created a chunk of track behind you that actually "flips over" and the coaster is then shot into reverse. Watch out, the Yeti is there to haunt you! Then, you coaster around through the mountain on a fantastic fun thrilling ride avoiding this thrilling Yeti that your ride train is running away from the entire fantastic ride.  Mt. Everest is that tallest mountain in the world and this coaster is ranked tops by me! Creative. Quality. Unique. Sneak surprises. A story like you are running away from the Yeti on your rail road train! What a TRIP full of adventure, thrill, and fun that was indeed! Thumbs up Disney! Another large memorable ride was Dinosaurs. I love tall heights & deep depth under sea, however if you want to actually "scare" me, it's anything horror, Halloween frightening, or killer style.  I had done no research before my visit and saw many children in line with me. I thought, "Yay, a fun dinosaur ride with happy dinosaurs for families and kids!" Haha. I am a big scaredy-cat. WOW!  I am surprised I missed any chance there would be a sign posted, "Scary for children." I was shocked at the fabulous ride and grateful I had my friend sit on the end and me in the middle of our Time Travel Vehicle car. Bill Nye the Science Guy (yeah, adults get to be kids at heart too!) explains that you will time travel and save the dinosaurs from meteors taking dinosaurs out sne we must save them from extiction, also  dangerous carnivore, man eating, dinosaurs were here too. I am surprised I didn't come off crying like a 3 year old.  I was too amazing by how fabuous this was. Disney has a great "pre-show" & "attraction" all around everywhere every time. This was no acception. It scared me, but was a total winner and must see on your visit. Be careful if you have kids (or scary stuff afraid adults *blush*), and be ready for an amazing attraction of time travel and dinosaurs without holding back. The nice and frighteing ones are all there! Be aware! Bill Nye the Science Guy wouldn't let anything bad happen to us, right?! Lastly, the shows are AMAZING. Bugs LIfe was airing when I was there and your 3D glasses were not square, but "bug eyed." Added value & excitement! Be ready to be misted with bugs spraying you, & the seats rumble as bugs exit beneath your buttocks! All 5 of the human senses are engaged in this show I rate tops! Amazing, but just don't miss out on the other parks spending too much time here. These exhibits are FEW of many Disney magical things!
Great park.  A little slower pace than the other 3 parks, but very worth it.  Expedition Everest is awesome!
We had a blast at animal kingdom! The kids absolutely love the wilderness explorer challenge! Can't wait to go back and hopefully finish the wilderness explorer. Such an amazing place to make memories! Totally worth it!
AHHHHHH - I'm torn, would really like to give this 3.5 stars if there were an option.  It's definitely better than 3, but as far as Disney World parks go it's my least favorite.  It's still a good time and an experience, but if you don't have time for everything and had to skip a park or limit you time in one, this would be the one I'd suggest.  Especially if you're a "ride" fan.  Everest is an excellent ride, especially for younger riders, not very extreme, but they'll get a thrill out of it.
No, I cannot believe people actually Yelp about Disneyworld.  I further cannot believe I am one of these people; yes, pot & kettle speaking right here. For people who have never been & love animals, this is a great place.  We don't have any kids nor did we bring any, but they do have several "big kid" rides and tons to do for all ages.  We loved the safari ride and the different animals from around the world they had.  The only downside is that it's so far away from all the other parks (wild animals roaming in their natural environment in the city?) & its not as big as say Epcot or Magic Kingdom.  However, this park is def still worth checking out if your here.
This place reminds me of the Bronx Zoo with a few rides added from the Magic Kingdom.  The concept of going from Asia to Africa is great for the ambiance and offers some interesting restaurant concepts as a result.  Like any zoo, getting to see some of the wildlife is often dependent on things beyond our control, so keep your expectations low for what you will see and hopefully you will get lucky with the some great animal encounters.  My only knock is on the railroad.  While it has some of the best detail on a train, it is much too short and does not offer a view of much at all.  Really more of  way to get from point A to point B, which is so unDisney-like.  But still, worth a visit for sure.
Everyone was raving about the EPCOT Center, but it falls in comparison to the Animal Kingdom experience. The Safari tour was amazing and very informative. I was inspired to join a conservation group when I got home and I am weighing through the options. Disney did an amazing job recreating the natural atmosphere for the animals and insects. So if you're off to Disney World in Florida skip the EPCOT Center and go to the Animal Kingdon instead.
If you are looking for animals, this is the place to hit up.  It doesn't have every single animal ever created, but it sure has a lot.  There are a few rides that will make you scream and may get you wet.  I stay away from the ones that involve water since I hate walking around the park soaked and waiting forever to dry.  Yea, it sucks I can't be a kid on that part ;P  Make sure you go on the Everest and the Dinosaur rides.  They kick ass!  The safari walking trails and ride were cool.  The staff was really knowledgeable on the questions we had for them.  As for the food, it's good, but don't be surprised if you end up paying a little more just because it's Disney.
I was very appreciative of the fresh fruits and cheeses in "Africa."  A lot of the park is like a zoo - there's a bird confinement for bird watching, and a walk through of tigers, lions, rhinos.  We rode on an African safari bus and had a rhino cross right in front of us!  It was fantastic! My uncle and I came back just to ride Everest - it was completely worth the 45 minute wait (the time estimator had suggested an hour long line.
Let me break down this huge, expansive park for you just so you can zone in on what you want to read: 1)  This place is huge.  Plan on doing lots, lots, LOTS of walking.  Even more so than the other parks, because it's not like you walk a few feet and stop to stand in line and go on a ride. 2)  This place is also kind of confusing.  It's separated by "different continents" (who knew "Dinoland" was a continent?!) and so in order to see x y or z, you have to walk long distances to get to the different areas. 3)  This place is gorgeous.  It has the most greenery, which it should, and the combination of the shrubbery plus the humid weather = real live jungle! 4)  Rides are few and far between, but they're good.  The water ride lasts about 30 seconds but your clothes will take 3 hours to dry, as you will walk off the ride completely sopping wet.  Everest is probably my favorite roller coaster, and fastpasses are a good idea for that ride.  The dinosaur ride, which takes on after the Indiana Jones one, is horrendously scary.  We were trying to give out our fastpasses after deciding that we didn't want to go on it again, and no one wanted them. 5)  This place is the best for photo ops, especially on the safari ride.  It felt like the Jungle Cruise towards the end when they "caught" poachers, but hey, it's Disney. 6)  The food is actually pretty good if you try their more "exotic" things.  Sure, they have pizza and burgers, but do you really want to travel that far for burgers and pizza? Overall, good but not super duper great.  I might rather go to the San Diego Zoo or something like that if I want to see animals, and if I want to go on rides I'll take the Magic Kingdom over this place.  It has a healthy combination of both, but the sheer size of this park kind of overwhelms and makes it difficult to stay interested in everything.
Disney Animal Kingdom transports you to Africa and India. It's beautiful but IMO is the hottest of the parksand my least favorite. Safari is always different-go first thing in the morning when it's cooler for the animals. The rides are few but fun. The roller coaster's large don't close your eyes or you'll miss the yeti!  As with all Disney parks it's clean and the cast members are helpful and personable. I'm happy that Disney is adding a new area. More needs to be done here. If I could give A.k. 3 1/2 stars I would.
I live close enough to DisneyLand that I have been several times in my life.  So when I took my almost-3-year-old on his first trip to Disney we did the requisite Magic Kingdom for a day but made sure to do a few more things that are Florida specific.  Our friends told us AK was awesome so we checked it out first.  Soooo glad that I did!  At times you really do feel like you are in Africa and Asia while walking around the park.  Of course, there's still the typical stuff to buy and any shop is going to sell typical things, but the outsides of the buildings are so great.  Everything here is cool and worth the trip out.  All together easier and nicer than Magic Kingdom...unique experience!
I am everything Disney, and hate not giving it a 5 star review and this is the whole reason why.. The staff here SUCKS, pompous, pretentious, and unhelpful .. Did I mention horrible attitudes.. Disneyland rocks w this! The last place in the world you should come to get attitude is DISNEY! Hopefully someone in higher authority will read this and implement a new training for the staff here.. Oh ya clean the restrooms!!!!
Disney's Animal Kingdom does have some great attractions but is more like a zoo than any of the other Disney parks which isn't bad if you like zoo's but is bad if you don't like zoo's. The must do's at Animal Kingdom are Expedition Everest, Dinosaur, The Legend of The Lion King and Finding Nemo and Mickey's Jammin' Parade! Disney has added more activities throughout the park. The addition of more roaming characters and the Asian and African dance areas add fun to the mix. The largest downside of Animal Kingdom is that the paths aren't large enough to handle the crowds.
I absolutely LOVE Disney's Animal Kingdom. It is easily the best and most well done animal park I have ever been to. The animal's exhibits are just so well done with so many great details. They all also seem to have ample space and all the animals seem happy in their environments for the most part. There are also some really great rides here as well. I love Expedition Everest, it is a very fun roller coaster. I highly recommend this park when you visit Walt Disney World.
While it's the most dull of the 4 Disney parks, it's still got fun stuff to do. The safari ride is my favorite as you get to see animals in a naturalistic environment. Easy access to characters and tons of great food options throughout the park.
It's the San Diego Zoo (or any other Zoo in your area) meets Disneyland.  This park is well designed and has the best of both worlds.  There are plenty of animals to see and interact with, mixed in with the magic that is Disney.  There are several rides for everyone to enjoy including the Jeep safari tour to the Everest Expedition ride (similar to the Matterhorn).   Crowd wise, it's one of the least busy parks so they do have limited hours.  I would recommend you hitting this park first if you're doing a park hopper.  Also, keep in mind, it's a zoo so if the weather is too hot or cold, the animals might be in shelter and not on full display.
This is a pretty neat park were u can come here and experience something different not just that but you get to see a bunch of animals and ride roller coasters such as Expedition Everest a brand new ride at the park .
Well done Disney Imagineers, well done! This ride may not be the biggest, fastest or scariest coaster out there but what it lacks in thrills it makes up with creativity and the element of surprise. I have ridden my fair share of coasters and I can honestly say this one was the most entertaining I have ever been on. Again, Expedition Everest does not feature any loops, cork screws or even any big drops. What makes Everest so special is the overall theme of the ride. There are already many spoilers written on Yelp, so if you have not already been on this amazing attraction and want your surprise ruined, scroll down and read those reviews. I'm just going to tell you that if you go to Disney's Animal Kingdom and miss this ride, you're a fool!
The lodge looks really cool to stay in, but I never have. This park is awesome! You MUST go on the safari! It is worth it! Kalahari River Rapids is also fun! I feel like I am in the Sahara here!
While this park may not be my favorite of all the parks, it definitely has some awesome features! Things you MUST do while here; Kilimanjaro Safari, Expedition Everest, Finding Nemo: The Musical, The Festival of the Lion King (while it's still running!), and Dinosaur. Other things, if you're up for it, are the walking trails with the animals and Rafiki's Planet Watch. My favorite place to eat is the Flame Tree BBQ. SO. GOOD.
I didn't know what to expect when I went here, but OMG it was amazing! Nothing like it in California and you can't beat Expedition Everest! It's as if you really went to the Asian or African jungle. Everyone should visit the tree of life once in their lifetime.
I had very high expectations for this park.  In theory, it's an amazing idea.  Disney always has the potential to create something that goes two steps beyond what anyone else can do. They really fell short on this one. The other three Disney theme parks were obviously created with Florida's weather in mind - an  abundance of cool shops, restaurants, walkways, attractions and lines.  There seemed to always be a place to take cover, when the obligatory thunder storm or heat wave passed through. Not the case in the animal kingdom.   The only reprieve from the heat is one water ride that requires a 2 - 3 hour sun scorched wait in line.  There are two in-door shows. We waited in line for the Nemo show and were turned away due to full capacity.   We learned our lesson and showed up 60 minutes in advance for the Lion King show. We did score a decent seat.  The show was incredible but the seating arrangement is fuel for fistacuffs.  5 minutes into the show, I felt my shoulder being tapped.  I turned and was face to face with a woman sporting a very bad haircut. "Can you slide over?  I can't see."  She was motioning me right in the direction to be directly behind one of the tallest women I've ever been witness to.  I replied, "No, I'm sorry - then neither my daughter nor I would be able to see."  I turned back around.  She spat out, "That's kind of rude." No, rude would be me standing up to watch the show.  Or putting my hands up above my head.  Or my fist accidentally finding its way to your face. I waited in line 60 minutes and chose my seat - why the hell would I then move myself behind someone else so that YOU - who is sitting behind ME can now see?  *you lose*  I was willing to take it up with her outside the auditorium if she wasn't satisfied with the situation. Oh and the 3,000 parades they schedule each day - that render it nearly impossible to move around the park - are in no way an inconvenience. The safari ride was jungle cruise cheesy but still pretty cool.  The live bat habitat fascinated the crap out of me. The tree of life is pretty nifty. The one true saving grace for this park is Expedition Everest.  From the artifacts and stories throughout the line wait to the bad ass ride itself - it's worth the rest of the parks nuisances.  Get your Fast Pass early on this one.
Expedition Everest!! Woohoo! The Dinosaur ride is also awesome. My all time favorite show when I go to Animal Kingdom is of course Finding Nemo. Seriously a must see!!! Love this park!
There aren't a lot of rides at Disney's Animal Kingdom, but there are a ton of indoor shows: "Hello Air Conditioning!!!". This isn't my favorite land due to the lack of rides, but I do love the layout of this land.  Whoever designed the layout made it possible to roam the park without walking in circles or jumping on a train or monorail.  My feet thank the designer!!! If you are hot and tired Disney's Animal Kindom is a great place to just relax and have fun!
My review is somewhat biased because I love everything and anything Disney.  It's smaller than the other parks, that's for sure.  It does lack a bit of the Disney feel, but it's worth the trip!  We did the safari and got to see so many wonderful animals.  It's great to see Walt's dream of the Jungle Cruise at Magic Kingdom come to life!  Everest is a great roller coaster too!
Totally lives up to the "Happiest Place on Earth" hype. Everest is AWESOME! It takes you forwards, backwards, and straight the f*ck down. The best part is, the BF and I never waited more than 3 minutes to get on. We ended up riding the thing 7 times in our 2 visits to the Animal Kingdom. Between Everest and the Safari ride, it's worth the price of admission to the park. Oh, and I don't want to sell the Dinosaur ride short either- it's pretty darn cool and gave me a couple of scares. :) The Lion King show and the Nemo show were out of this world. I literally could not tear my eyes away. In fact, I wished there was a freak accident when I was a fetus and I had been born with 2 sets of eyes so I could be sure to catch everything. It was nothing short of amazing. Another great but quick show is the Bug's Life show. Similar to Honey I Shrunk the Kids and a big hit with all the audience members. Oh- don't miss the bird show either! It's so funny and very cool to see up close. If you go to Disney and can only do one park- this is your best bet. There's fun to be had everywhere and nearly everything was a showstoppin' good time.
We combined a morning visit to Animal Kingdom and and evening visit to Disney Hollywood Studios(which had Extra Magic Hours) on a Park Hopper and it only cost $17 per park! It's a better park than you'd think! There's Expedition Everest, the Safari Ride, and Dinosaur, plus the two trails!   Much better than visiting a zoo and  there's lot's of good photographic opportunities.
This kind of reminded me of a much smaller version of San Diego's Wild Animal Park.  We had a park hopper pass, so we decided to check it out.  After looking at the guide map, we decided to go to the Kilimanjaro Safari, Rafiki's Planet Watch and Pangani Forest Exploration Trail. The Safari seemed a bit rushed and way too rehearsed.  We got to see some animals, but again, it was rushed, so we couldn't really get pictures.  Rafiki's Planet Watch was fun.  We got to see some cute little monkeys and pet some animals at the petting zoo.  The best thing for me was the Exploration Trail.  I got to see a newborn baby gorilla with its mom, some meerkats, and hippos. We really didn't feel like roaming around the rest of the park since we had just run a half marathon that morning.  I'll probably have to give this park another shot the next time I visit.
Never gets old. Sit on the right side for better views.
Animal Kingdom is my 400th review. Intentionally. This is my FAVORITE Disney park. Start out at their lodge for breakfast (see separate review) and then head in to the park. As soon as you're through the gates you're already in another world. A wild, tropical, living world. Ignore the Germans wearing socks with sandals and breathe in the Zen. Ahhhh... do you feel the inner peace and calm? Great, now that you're serene, head back in time to a land of fossils and sand and hop in a time vehicle for a heart stopping adventure in Prehistoric times. Don't worry about the T-Rex... he's too far to get you.. wait... AHHHHHHH!!!! This is my favorite ride out of any ride EVER. True story. I have literally spent half a day just going on this ride. But back to Zen... there's a bar in Africa that has like 20 different margaritas and, if you sit there long enough, they'll start give you free tastes of every thing.  Okay, maybe that doesn't SOUND like Zen, but, whatever, it's Zen to me. And then there's the safari ride. SO fun.  And wear a poncho when riding the rapids (I've been SOAKED before, although, it was a hot day and it was welcome.) I could go on and on but I'd rather you explore and find out for yourself how great Animal Kingdom is. Last, go off season (really to any of the Disney parks).   Off season the weather is better, the lines are shorter, and there are less families getting in your way.  Sorry though, there are always going to be Germans with sandal socks.
We spent almost a full day at Animal Kingdom during our most recent trip.  Expedition Everest was a fun roller coaster-get a fastpass.  The safari ride was pretty awesome.  We never did spot the elusive white rhino, but saw a lot of other animals, and it was cool that this is basically just a ride in the park.  The dinosaur ride was always fun.  I got my favorite souvenir at this park, a towel with Pooh dressed in safari gear and a magnifying glass looking at a giant tiger, and saying "Is that you Tigger?"  Love it.
Out of the 4 Disney parks, this was my least favorite. It was a lot smaller than I expected. It only took half a day to get through so it's really only worth it if you have park hopper tickets. The dinosaur ride is fun and I liked seeing the tree of life and lion king show. All the open space and lack of rides also made it brutal in the hot summer weather. I'm an adult and even I felt like having a meltdown by the time it was the afternoon. There is one thing that made my trip to this park worthwhile: Flame Tree BBQ. Skip everything else and get the ribs! They're delicious and quite reasonably priced for park food.
It's the Festival of the Lion King... Enough said. The show was beautifully done and super interactive and engaging for the audience. The  acrobats were amazing and who can resist the greatness of the songs from the movie. Definitely need to make time for one of their showings!
*Top 5 Must-See Animal Kingdom Attractions*  (NOT in a specific order) 1. DINOSAUR- The first time I sat on this ride I closed my eyes through most of it. Why? Because I hate the dark and the damn dinosaurs in this ride look way too realistic for ME! I was finally able to keep my eyes open on our 3rd try. Maybe that's because my cousin was yelling at me the entire time "OPEN YOUR EYES! It's NOTHING YOU WUSS!" 2. Expedition Everest- The Yeti here was so memorable that my cousin decided to make a song and dance about Yetis? Then sang it THROUGHOUT the entire trip. Weird. I know. 3. Kilimanjaro Safaris- The closest I'll probably ever get to a real Safari? 4. Kali River Rapids- If you've visited Kings Dominion, it's similar to the White Water Canyon ride. You could be one of the lucky ones to get SOAKING wet. If you'd like to stay dry, but still want to experience this ride. Wear a waterproof poncho. Buy one from your local dollar store and pack it into your luggage. 5. Primeval Whirl- Don't let this little ride fool you. It's super fun and packs a mean punch. {Entertainment} Festival of the Lion King- "Ooooo Ahhhhh it feels so nice and cool in here." A beautiful performance and a nice way to relax your feet and cool off. {My Fave Cheap Eats} Flame Tree Barbeque- NO MORE burgers, pizza, and hot dogs Pleaseeeeee....Yay for BBQ Chicken and Ribs! Oh and watch out for the cute little birds roaming around the outdoor pavilions. They will try to snatch your food. Enjoy!
My second favorite Disney park.  It is more interactive than the others.  Must do in Animal Kingdom: Killimanjaro Safari (baby elephants!), Expedition Everest, Dinosaur, and It's Tough to be a Bug.  We went early and got on most of the popular rides within 5 to 15 minutes, so we were done with the park in about 4 hours.  Otherwise, grab fast passes!
"Minimal Kingdom" Yep, that is what this place was nicknamed when I worked at Disney. It isn't a bad park but there really isn't a lot to do there. We arrived at 1:42 on a Sunday and with AK closing at 5:00p, accomplished the following in 3 hours and 18 minutes. * Had 3 pictures taken by Disney PhotoPass photographer * Had 7 pictures taken by another Disney PhotoPass photographer * Shopped for "just the right" autograph book * Waited in line to meet 2 different characters * Bathroom stop * Rode Dinosaur * Rode Primeval Whirl * Rode Expedition Everest * Shopped for stuffed Yeti * Had 5 pictures taken by another Disney PhotoPass photographer * Another bathroom stop * Stopped for beer. Enjoyed said beer. * Waited 21 minutes for parade to come by * Watched parade * Rode Kilimanjaro Safaris * Yet another bathroom stop * Waited at "greeting Trails" to meet more characters We didn't sprint between the rides and attractions, divide and conqueror to accomplish more or use wheelchairs to get around faster. We actually took our time, took lots of pictures and slowly made our way around. Of our week at WDW, this is the only park we didn't return to a second time; not because we didn't like it but didn't feel that we missed anything which would require us to come back again. From a beauty standpoint, they did an amazing job with lots of landscape and detail which most people don't stop to enjoy. This really is one of their crowning achievements and one that shouldn't be missed.
Sweet coaster!  Tame and not too wild (the really windy ones give me motion sickness and this one did a little since it does have some turns in the dark).  Probably my favorite part was waiting and walking around the themed waiting areas which give it a good feel.  Unfortunately the yeti did not make an appearance on this ride because he was broken; instead they replaced it with strobe lights and some resemblance of a hairy monster.  Otherwise, it would have gotten 5 stars
Oh, Disney. You try so hard! Minus one star because of Disney's lack of cultural sensitivity.  In the Asian section near the Mount Everest ride, there are some bathrooms with music playing Tibetan Buddhist prayer chants. I'm sorry, but I find it to be offensive listening to a monk chanting while I'm in the bathroom. Besides that, Disney does a good job trying to educate people while also entertaining them. Poaching, deforestation and the loss of habitat and biodiversity are brought up throughout the park, no matter what ride you're on. It's inescapable and I like that! The safari ride was great and got us up even closer to the animals roaming the park, rivalling the San Diego Wild Animal Park.  As soon as the park opens, make a beeline for the safari ride in the Africa section to see the animals before they start to avoid the heat and go to sleep.
Hands down worst park of the bunch; smallest too. Perhaps I'm so jaded due to many a closed venue due to "the cold". I literally walked the gamut in twenty minutes flat. First and last time to this park.
Animal Kingdom was one of my favorite parks and days in my week at Disney! Expedition Everest, Kilimanjaro Safari, a Bug's Life show under the Tree of Life, animals, nature, less crowds! Get there before the opening bell, as they will open the gates 15 mins. early and let you go as far as the Tree of Life, then release the hounds! We fastpassed Everest, then went over to the Safari. It's recommended to do the Safari at 9am or 4pm, when the animals are feeding. Expedition Everest is cool! It goes into the heart of a mountain expedition, searching for the Yeti. Then up a hill you go, but Yeti has torn up the tracks, so back down you go- backwards! A very cool roller coaster. As far as our early AM safari, man, we had the BEST Safari, as a giraffe got all up in this tree's business, and wouldn't get out of the road in front of us! What a traffic jam! Seeing antelope thisclose was worth it too. My son (10) and I loved the animal houses, and got to see Vets treat a bird for a fungal pneumonia in a windowed ER. Fascinating. We saw a hawk close up, and really enjoyed the focus on the animals well-being, here. We wandered around the Tree of Life, got the skinny on the little fish in the pond that eat mosquitos, and why flamingos are pink, and were instructed on how we can help the environment back home. A Bug's Life (advertised as being scary for young kids), was totally creepy! I mean, it's "4D" with sprays of water, air, then when the spiders are coming for the audience, they filled the theater up with smoke and doused the lights! They "stung" our backs, and then bugs crawled under our butts! I heard a little kid crying (the sign of a job well done) and my son and I were freaked out as well at times. It was awesome! There are a few standing character signings/photo spots here, and the wait is shaded and not too bad. This park seemed less crowded than the others, and it just added to our enjoyment. You've got to leave the naysayers and get to Animal Kingdom!
Disney's Animal Kingdom was surprisingly my favorite Disney theme park in Orlando. When hubs and I were there, it felt like we were in our own little safari. The rides are great, especially the Everest ride, and the Lion King show is a lot of fun. It's also the least crowded of the parks so definitely check it out and bring an umbrella if you're going during hurricane season like we did!
Disney gives you a unique look at nature and animals through Disney's Animal Kingdom. Only Disney can create a theme park like this. Enjoy yourself and take your time in Animal Kingdom. If you have time to spend extra days at any of the parks I would recommend doing this park and Magic Kingdom for more than one day. I would recommend going to the park early or late afternoon. If you are staying at a resort take advantage of "Extra Magic Hours."  Midday will be when the park is most crowed, the animals are sleeping and it will be hot! When you enter Animal Kingdom you will walk through what is called "The Oasis" with animal exhibits, exotic plants, jungle habitat etc. which is really nice. The park is divided into five parts, Discovery Island; Camp Minnie-Mickey; Africa and Rafiki's Planet Watch; Asia; and DinoLand U.S.A. Discovery Island and Camp Minnie-Mickey consist of: - Festival of the Lion King: A great show for all!  This is a must-see! - It's tough to be a bug: If you don't like bugs this isn't for you, but it is a cool show! Take time and enjoy the Tree of Life and Discovery Island Trails. Africa consists of: - Kilmanjaro Safaris: You have to do this if you are at Disney's Animal Kingdom, some who have been on real African Safaris actually like this one better because you see more animals. I would recommend doing this first thing in the morning, the animals will be out and you want to do anything to avoid long waits. If all else fails you many need to buy fastpasses for this. But don't skip it! I have not done Rafiki's Planet Watch or Pangani Forest Exploration trail. Asia consist of: - Expedition Eversest: One of my favorites! Lots of fun! - Kali River Rapids: It is a lot of fun but I wish it was longer, it seemed very short. Expect to get extremely soaked! I haven't done the Maharajah Jungle Trek or Flights of Wonder.\ DinoLand U.S.A. consists of: - Dinosaur: I thought it was a cool ride! - Finding Nemo- The Musical: Great show! - Primeval Whirl: You will have a good time! - The Boneyard: Cool for kids! I have not done the TriceraTop Spin. Have a wild time at Disney's Animal Kingdom! :)
I love Animal Kingdom, the Safari Ride rocks and the new roller coaster really delivers.  Even though it gets amazingly hot at this park, it's always fun to watch the gorillas and the lions and the lines move pretty fast.  I love that all of the animals are kept contained by only natual barriers, never by bars or cages.  The tree of life absolutely tops the charts and I usually end of starring at it for hours.  My favorite food at Animal Kingdom will always be the turkey leg, especially since there's really not that many high-end feeding options.  If you have a choice between Epcot or Animal Kingdom, pick the kingdom every time!
3.5 stars After visiting Animal Kingdom for the first time, I can't say that I was disappointed.  Of course, my expectations were minimal as all I knew was that there is a giant tree, the Yeti rollercoaster, and some sort of activity that involves seeing animals.  I was basically expecting a glorified zoo, but the Animal Kingdom is much more.  The atmosphere is outstanding and they definitely put a heavy emphasis on education which is nice to see. The park is somewhat minimal so unless you have kids and go to the interactive kids area you will most likely not be able to get an entire day's worth here.  We came for the park opening and were able to do everything we wanted (i.e. all the major attractions and a few smaller ones) by 1pm.  You'll definitely be wise to take strategic advantage of Fast Passes here as the safari and Everest are both huge bottlenecks. From an individual attraction standpoint, Everest is quite good.  While not the most thrilling coaster ever, it has a neat little story with it and has unique features like stops, and track switching.  It's worth riding but I don't know that I would wait more than 45 minutes for it.. The Safari is easily the top attraction.  You get to ride in a big truck while the driver talks to you and "acts" out part of a story with a fanciful person on the radio who is warning you of poachers.  It is a tad cheesy with a fabricated story/acting but at least you get to ride around in a big truck and see actual animals.  Definitely the reason to come to Animal Kingdom. The rest of the attractions we went to were all decent enough.  I didn't feel like it was waste of time and we did all that we wanted.  While all fabricated, the nature still transports you into another world which I guess really is the point anyway.  I didn't actually feel like I had been on an African safari, but it certainly helped me get away from the stresses of everyday life and isn't that the point of a theme park anyway?
For some reason every day we come here is unseasonably hot, but its still FUN! I love to walk and look at all the animals (like the mouse as big as a grape in the naked mole rat room) and ride the safari (though I agree the contrived story is lame, why not just drive thru it for what it is) and when its break time I hop on over to Rafikis and sit in the rainforest story cubes for 2 or 3 rounds of stories (and perhaps an apple whilst I lay).....highly reccomended!
Maybe, just maybe my favorite of the 4 parks. In a close tie with Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom is far more interesting. It's gorgeous, expansive, and the attention to detail kept me in awe. It's not a zoo so don't go there expecting a ton of animals. Here are the must do's for this park: Again, get there early. Just before opening if possible. The wait times are so much less first thing in the morning. Expedition Everest: Good holy lord of all Disney Rides! This one blew me away. It's themed like the Matterhorn of Disneyland, but oh so much better. While I won't spoil it for anyone, I will say that it's worth riding again and again! Kilamajaro Safari: This is your chance to see some animals.  It was really fun and I'm surprised how close you get to the animals.   DINOSAUR: You're in a jeep, you're tossed about, you see dinosaurs, and you'll love it.  Well, my 7 year old son did anyway. Kali River Rapids: I was soaked. Soaked! My hb...not so much. Go on a hot day. You'll thank me. Shows: Lion King: excellent. Finding Nemo: good.  Couldn't really get past seeing the people holding the puppets. Why not 5 stars then? Food.  Let's just say we ate outside the park.
Even though it's been around for quite some time now, as the newest Disney park, I think the Animal Kingdom was quite a good addition. I do think I'd enjoy it a bit more if I were more into Animals, but there are still many other entertaining attractions. It's nice to see another real thrill ride at Disney in the Expedition Everest ride. The Dinosaur and safari attractions are also really cool and unique. I think the best part about the Animal Kingdom, though, is the environment. Compared to the other parks, there's a ton of nature. It really feels like you're in a forest in a lot of places. I enjoy that it kind of builds on the cultural themes of Epcot by incorporating Asia and Africa sections of the park. Once again, Disney leaves me amazed.
-An overpriced zoo with lots of "walking trails to view sleeping exotic animals". -The theme park with the LEAST amount of rides = MORE crowds wandering around like Disney zombies, maybe hoping to find more ride attractions. -Long lines in the restrooms too.
Great ride, definitely on my top 10 list rides in WDW...
Disney has gone R rated! After our Disney Cruise, we spent a few hours at DAK. We went to see the bats at one of the animal compounds. But what did we see? First a male bat hanging right side up with a (relatively) large penis peeing and then shaking it off without the use of hands by just doing pelvic thrusts. Then we saw a tiger pooping. Then we saw two birds doing it in the aviary. Wow! And this is America? Remined me more of the nude beach in St. Martin's Orient Bay! I just love WDW.
Beautiful park.  Executed well. Maybe short on rides, but still a magical time.
This is a great place to spend the day. It boasts being the largest animal-themed park in the world, and having been to Busch Gardens in Florida, I can attest that it is definitely bigger than BG. In true Disney form, everything is executed perfectly, the tree of life is amazing. Other than that Animal Kingdom has loads of rides, trails and shows that are definitely enjoyed by both adults and children. My favorite? Expedition Everest! I LOVE roller coasters and this one has a surprise that is just killer! If you get motion sick easily just know that this just might hit that button. Kali River Rapids, much fun water ride. Kilimanjaro Safari, well executed safari. Cretaceous Trail very cool if you like Dinosaurs. DINOSAUR! - Bumpy so be aware, but a hoot. The food here is much better than at MK - there are plenty of spots that have options for healthier meals too. SKIP THE RAINFOREST CAFE! You have all the real animals in AK and the food is overpriced and BAD. Love Animal Kingdom.
If you enjoy going to zoos then you will definitely love this place.  Animals + safari theme = LOTS of fun.  The Kilimanjaro Safari is a must do!  You cannot go to Animal Kingdom without going on that ride at least once.  It was my first time and I went on that ride twice.  Whats so cool about the ride is that its a safari ride where they take you around to see the animals up close.  Definitely something that you don't get to do very often.  So take advantage of it!   Also make sure that its the first ride you go on when you get to Animal Kingdom b/c the line can get super long.
This is my favorite show from all the Disney Parks.  It is a wonderful musical which should not be missed!   The "stage" is on the floor in the center of the room which is surrounded by benches for guests.  This really puts you right in the middle of all the action and the action is non-stop.  The performers are all around you!   The singers are amazing.  So amazing, I even purchased the soundtrack from the performance (it's available for purchase just outside the theatre at a kiosk).   There's tumbling and gymnastics, dancing, stilt walkers, Lion King Characters, and so much more! Bottom line:  If you are at Disney's Animal Kingdom, don't pass up the opportunity to see this show!!
The animal safari was amazing!  To see some of the animals that close was a treat.  Especially all of the giraffes. The rides were good, but limited in numbers.  This park to me is a half day experience.  Hit the 3 or 4 good parts, and head off to another.
When I was planning my vacation, I was told by a Disney World veteran, to not visit this park, saying that the San Diego Zoo was way better.  I have never visited that zoo, but really, how much better can it be then the Disney's Animal Kingdom! I bet you won't have the friendly cast members at the San Diego zoo; or Disney ears shaved in to animals fur coats! This place was soooo much fun!  I LOVED the Kilimanjaro Safari's!  We got there right at opening and ran to the safaris where we were the first ones to board!  I've read in many Disney World guides, that it is better to visit this ride first thing in the morning, because this is when most animals were up!  It is also less hot and sticky to come early in the morning too! The Everest ride and The Dinosaur ride was fun too!  OMG...Do you know the Mulholland Madness ride at Disney's California Adventure???  Okay, well they have a ride very similar to that one, except for this one, at one point in the ride...you SPIN...UNCONTROLLABLY!  We were laughing the whole time, because you're flying everywhere, and everytime you hit a turn you spin faster!  Ah, wonderful!   So, I love musicals!  I love the corniness and the singing, but my husband hates them!  But we saw Nemo anyway, cuz I'm the woman and what I say goes!  But he liked it!  And of course I loved it!  Definitely worth seeing! Some people say it's not worth it to ride the train to go over to that Discovery Island thing, but I say go!  There is a petting zoo, a live veterinarian where they do actual surgical procedures, but the best part of this place was the sound studio room!  There are 6 rooms and you go and sit in which ever one is vacant.  You put the provided head phones on and you push the button.  The lights go out and you sit there with your eyes closed listening to the wonderful sounds!  It sounded so real sometimes, I had to open my eyes to make sure nothing was really behind me!   Don't bypass this park if it is your first visit!  There is so much to do and see here!  And doesn't my brilliant review make you want to go there anyways? :)
Here is how we justified our ticket.  No smell of animal, but animal EVERWHERE.  Safari: Awesome Lion King Show: Awesome Nemo Show: Solid Camp Minnie / Mickie: 6 stars, THE BEST place to get pictures with the characters.
I will never ride "real" roller coasters. Hey, even looking at this one scared the crap out of me. That lift hill looks awfully steep, it looks high, and the drop coming out of the front of the mountain looks a lot bigger than it really is. Initially, I chickened out here, and came back to ride it later on in the day with a Fastpass. One of my least favorite parts of any coaster is the lift hill. I hate the creaking, slow churn to the top, with the ground below getting smaller and smaller, and that awful pregnant pause at the apex before plunging into some crazy drop. No thanks. You coaster freaks can keep all that stuff. The nice thing about Everest's lift hill is that while yes, it is high, and you will see the entirety of Animal Kingdom sprawled out below you - it's also smooth, and very quick. Plus, there's no giant drop forthcoming - the plunge out of the mountain happens later in the ride sequence. Near the top of the "mountain," it looks like the train is about to go over the edge, with the Yeti having mangled the track. The train comes to a stop, and then slides into the dark mountain, backwards. Don't freak out, it's more fun than it sounds. You're in the mountain, twisting and turning, and you really cannot see a damned thing. The track changes again, and now you're in for some more intense twists in the dark, this time heading forward, before shooting out of the mountain, down the main drop. It's a very well-designed ride, and it's fine even for those who don't like roller coasters all that much; it's just the right amount of thrill. Even if you're deathly afraid of heights, as I said, the part where you are climbing high is smooth and over quickly. The only way I could see this one freaking anyone out is with those who are afraid of the dark and enclosed spaces - because it's so dark, and does get a little rough-and-tumble in there. Otherwise, go on and get in line with giddy anticipation, not fear. Cheers!
This was a really fun ride, especially at a tame park like the Animal Kingdom. It's kinda like the Matterhorn ride but better. It's faster and more visually stimulating. There's also a part where you go backwards. I would recommend getting Fast Pass for this ride in the morning and coming back later to ride it. Or better yet, do single rider.
Fun show at Disney Animal Kingdom. Indoor seating means a cool break from the park. Lots of music, dancing and Cirque De Soleil style costuming and acrobatics. There are floats with animatronic lion king characters and lots of audience participation. So this show is enjoyable for kids and adults alike. If you make it out to animal kingdom don't miss the lion king show.
Awesome Roller-coaster. This is definitely a must see on your trip to Animal Kingdom. Get there early and get a fast pass. This line can get pretty bad! Single Rider option as well, as long as you don't care about the photo opp at the end of the ride! Filled with twists and surprises, don't close your eyes too long! You might just miss the yeti!!
Did we visit the same park??? Can someone say lame!!  We could not see most of the animals they were hiding or sleeping or to far away to photograph.We walked through this park and went out dizzy and disappointed.On the safari ride the driver tells you he will stop for about 5 seconds for you to take a picture yeah right he hardly stopped at all. The only thing we enjoyed like always is the character Breakfast, lunch or dinner At The Tusker house The food was only mediocre just the craving station food was good the rest YUK  so you pay for the characters rather than the food. The service was good.  Your better off going to your local Zoo see the the same animals for less money. Disney needs to revamp this park.. Ask the people what they like to see for suggestions.Felt like you were in a African safari LOL, 5 Stars  Really,  give me a break!!! Gatorland was much better. Just for kids,Adults???
Kilimanjaro safari was the best exhibit here, worth the 60 minute wait. the 4d bug show was cool but not too much after that. This park is more for kids  and I don't do coasters so I can't rate those. Only reason I came here was because I've never been before. Less then I expected out of this park. :(
I don't know what I was expecting from Animal Kingdom, except that I was a little disappointed.  OK, by a little, I mean, a lot.  While there were some fun rides and exhibits, it was the least entertaining park in the Walt Disney World complex for me, even though I love animals and watch all the Nature shows with my dad to a point where we can recite the life span and mating habits of most animals. We got up early to make it through the safari, so that we could see the animals while they were still out and about, as the animals tend to get sleepy after 11-ish, and sightings become scarce.  We utilized the Fast-Pass (a glorious idea that deserves a medal), and was in the safari a mere 45 minutes after the park opened.  While it was neat seeing the animals in their "natural" habitat and roaming around, at the same time, it wasn't the "up close and personal" experience that one is lead to expect on this.  If my expectations were lessened, and the silly "adventure" that the safari had was eliminated, this would have been much more enjoyable. The "Bug's Life" 3D-show deserves an honorable mention as being the best 3D-show I've ever seen, including the Muppets 3-D, and even the old 80's classic (but still much beloved) Captain EO.  I won't ruin the fun of this show by giving it away, but even if you're there without kids, it's a definite must see!  Just be prepared to be grossed out, scared, titillated and have a blast! I suppose that my disappointment with Animal Kingdom, was really due to the lack of animals.  While there were a few pockets where animals were incorporated into the park; at the enterence there are a few macaws and parrots, then towards the center of the park, there were monkey "islands"; I felt that I had a much better animal interactive experience at both the San Diego Zoo and even the much beleaguered and maligned National Zoo in DC.  I realize that Animal Kingdom at it's heart is still a theme park, however when the theme is animals, I expect animals to be incorporated into the park, and not just randomly placed accessories. Still, I'm glad I went, and I would probably bring kids here, but I definitely won't spend more then the half a day we spent at this park.
The most beautiful park in all of Walt Disney World. Theming here is amazing. I think most people rule this out because of the animal aspect but don't be fooled, this will be your favorite park of all.
I hadn't considered going to Animal Kingdom on my recent trip to Orlando until I overheard someone on the plane ride down who worked there.  She highly recommended going on the safari and in particular going at the end of the day or the beginning of the day as that's when the animals might be out and about looking to be fed.  That got my wheels turning and when my partner was down with the idea of a one day pass with the park hopper option (we love the mouse but didn't want our week in Orlando to be overly Disney if that's possible!), I knew we could hit the highlights at both Magic Kingdom AND Animal Kingdom and then make our way over to Epcot for dinner and the light show. Before busing over, we stopped at the transportation ticket center to get some additional advice for our three hour expedition and determined to see the Lion King Show (loved it!), ride Expedition Everest (a decent thrill ride), and do the safari tour (deserving of its hype).  The Lion King show had some talented singers and acrobats (it ain't Cirque du Soleil by any stretch) and was good family fun.  After the show we were in a great hurry to get to Expedition Everest before the park was to close at 5:00 and had to weave our way around the afternoon parade.  It felt like something out of Raiders of the Lost Ark, swimming upstream against all the people and performers!  (OK, that's an unforgivable exaggeration!) What I liked most about Expedition Everest besides the ride was the wait in line believe it or not.  The wait was only about 15 minutes long, but instead of just winding your way outside to the roller coaster boarding area, you wind part of your way inside what looks like a Tibetan curio shop/museum exhibit where they've got tons of photographs and exhibits on climbing Everest, the overall terrain, the wildlife, and of course the yeti.  Excellent way to learn a little bit about Mt. Everest history. Even though the park was closing early at 5:00 that day, we were still allowed to get in line at 4:57 for the safari ride.  The ride seemed like it was at least 25 minutes and there were photo ops galore with plenty of animals in view that day including the rhino, elephants, lions, zebras, gazelles...you get the idea.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I've been on a similar safari ride in South Africa at a national park and once again the Disney imagineers really captured the feeling and of course Disneyfied it all so you're sure to be impressed.  Since we really only hit three attractions, I look forward to coming back to Animal Kingdom again to experience the many attractions we missed this trip.  However, it was on to Epcot for dinner at Morocco and the laser light show.
Another great park this one is great for all ages.  Has tons of animals and attractions has one of my favorite roller coasters the abominable snow man.  They have plenty of rides here also I would suggest going on the safari it is definitely wroth it.  Right in the middle of the park they got the tree of life with a bunch of the Disney characters carved into it.  I have probably been to this park more than the rest because there is so much to do here.   Definitely would recommend for everyone.
Walt Disney World will always have my heart!  Though there's so MUCH too do and you'll end up needing a vacation from your vacation, the FUN you'll have is so worth it!  As I'm writing this, I'm actually in Miami continuing my vacation and trying to recover from Walt Disney Vacation.   Disney's Animal Kingdom is AWESOMENESS!  Just as my husband would say it.   I loved the Expedition Express - Legend of the Forbidden Mountain (the roller Coaster in Asia)!  It's so much fun - one negative is that I felt it was cut short.  But don't miss this - it's a lot of fun. We also rode the Kilimanjaro Safaris which I expected a lot more from but it's also one of the things you definitely want to try.  All in All, Disney's Animal Kingdom was a to of fun and some of the shows and exhibits were educational!  My husband and I were able to trek around the entire park in a few hours. I would definitely return!
I enjoy this park quite a bit. You can probably check out all of the rides and sites in half a day and make your way to another park in the late afternoon. I just wish they would add some more (real) animals in the park for the kids to see.
Animal Kingdom is a stunningly beautiful park.  The Tree of Life is really cool and easy to spot from almost anywhere in the park.  I had a fun time wandering around by myself, checking out animals, going on the rides, and browsing the shops. My favorite attractions: - Expedition Everest (one of the best roller coasters I have ridden in a long time.  This is a really unique ride and really FUN!) - Dinosaur (this really is the poor man's version of Disneyland's Indiana Jones Adventure, but it is a pretty fun poor man's version!) - Kilimanjaro Safari (you get to see a TON of animals and it's a blast!) - Camp Mickey & Minnie (character photo op area) Tips: if you are alone, make sure you ride Expedition Everest in the single rider line.  I had to wait no more than 5 minutes each ride - so I rode it several times in a row! This is probably a half day park.  I was here about 3 or so hours and I saw everything I was interested in seeing (with the exception of the Lion King show, which I didn't find on my trek around until it was too late).   Definitely be sure you don't miss this park.  Before I came here, I debated even coming to this park at all.  I am super glad I did!
Considering this is a scaled down version of the hit Broadway show, I was pretty impressed.
LOVE LOVE LOVED this ride.  It has to be one of my new favorites.   If the Matterhorn and Big Thunder Mountain had a baby it would be Expedition Everest.  Since WDW doesn't have Matterhorn and BTM was closed this was the next best thing.   This ride was totally unexpected.  We got to sit in the front row the first time we rode it so I had no idea what to expect.  You can see everything and the spot they take the picture my mouth was wide open.  I was truly shocked.   Fun ride!  Not good for young kids. Must Try: Fast pass it.  Because it seats two the single rider line doesn't move as fast.
An under appreciated delight....very cool ride
33 arces of sheer Disney magic, as only Disney could do. I was amazed by the attention to detail that Disney maintained throughout the park. As you walk through the different lands, from the high Tibetan mountains to the sahara plains of Africa, you can't help but feel like you're actually there. And, Disney offers so many different ways to enjoy the wildlife in the park, from safari rides, to the Maharajah Jungle Trek, and the petting zoo. There is a comfort level for everyone. Just be wary of the bat exhibit. If you don't like bats, don't go. There is really nothing between you and the bats. Don't Forget the Rides: 4 Stars - Expedition Everest - That was an amazing ride, with twists and turns and new, little tricks that you'll just have to experience for yourself. We screamed our way from the top to the bottom! 5 Stars - Kilimanjaro Safaris - I can't believe how much space they dedicated to this ride. I swear, it was amazingly huge! And the animals pretty much roam free, with a few well-hidden containment umm thingies/ 3 Stars - Kali River Rapids - Eh, been on better, and been on worse. To give you an idea, Grizzly Peak in Anaheim in more thrilling; but, we got completely dreanched on the Kali River Rapids. 5 Stars - Affection Section - What a great little petting zoo for the young ones, with plenty of goats, and llamas, and pigs to ged all cozy with. 5 Stars - Conservation Station - I really don't know how to explain this in short. It's Disney's conservation attraction with lots of interactive experiences. 5 Stars - Maharajah Jungle Trek - Disney says it best, "trek into the lush forests for an unparalleled adventure into the wilds of the mystical Anandapur Royal Forest of Southeast Asia. Have up-close encounters with Komodo dragons and tapirs. Make eye contact with stalking tigers. Wander among the ruins of an ancient palace inhabited by beautiful and exotic animals". 5 Stars - Pangani Forest Exploration Trail - Another wonderfully laid out exhibit, filled with an exotic bird aviary, hippo ponds, and gorillas.
LOVE this place! Definitely my favorite park at disneyworld. I wish they would build one in Anaheim!
This was probably the most picturesque and ambitious of the Disney World parks we visited on this trip. Unfortunately our short time here could hardly do it justice as we had chosen to park hop with MGM Studios after dinner. Only two attractions here (It's Tough to be a Bug, Kali River Rapids) are the same as DL and CalAdventure, but we had no time to try them. What we did see was spectacular and truly a unique Disney experience that can only be had here. Rides and Attractions Pangani Forest Exploration Trail: A short foot walk through a zoo/mini-aquarium/nature hike. While interesting and different, I've seen most of these animals before. Loved some of the scenery. Fun to do if you're not already tired of walking. I would do once anyway just to see it. 3 stars. Kilamanjaro Safaris: This ride was great! An open air safari drive takes you on a path through the African savanna. You'll see some nice animals and open space scenery for your photographic pleasure. Exciting to see some of these animals so close yet very much out in the wild here. This experience would be different every time you rode it. Our witty and knowledgeable driver was lots of fun. I'd ride this over and over if I could! This hits my must-see list. It's wildly cool! 5 stars. Expedition Everest: This was pretty much our destination after we entered the park. The line looked long so we decided to ride it by waiting in the single rider line. We breezed through this (great idea!) and were on in about 10 minutes. Whoa! Real roller coaster fun! I say we abandon the old Matterhorn and get us one of these! Ok, this one stops and starts too (I criticized the Thunder Mountain Railroad for doing this), but it works for this ride and there's plenty of thrill in between. I wish we'd had at least one more ride on this before leaving. All the more reason to yearn to come back again I guess. Awesome! 5 stars! Festival of the Lion King: This may have been my favorite performance of all of the great shows we caught. I really loved it! Even though we had to wait outside in the heat, and were just an eighth of an inch out of range of those misters; it was worth it. The huge bleacher style seating venue incorporates the audience from every angle. This show was colorful, playful, exciting and filled with spectacle, songs, acrobatics and more. Wildly costumed fire artists, rope climbers, acrobats, and dancers entertained with catchy Lion King songs. This rivaled a Broadway number and is a musical extravaganza for all ages. If you weren't singing Hanuka Matata by the time you left, you must've fallen asleep at the show. Again, a must-see in my travel book, and a good reason to visit this park. 5 stars. Our African adventure also included the train ride to the Rafiki Conservation Station. It was a quiet respite with not a lot going on. Cool to know you can go in the morning just about everyday and see an actual veterinary procedure (including surgery on gorillas!) if that is your cup of tea. Some really beautiful and fascinating things here. Again, this area is a vast departure from "typical Disney" which is either good or bad, or just ok, depending on how you look at it. I'd give it 5 stars for the conservation efforts, behind-the-scenes peeks and tips along the way. Good stuff. But, only 3 stars as a Disney attraction. Just not enough Disney type fun for me for how long it takes to see. Our shortened day here meant that this was all we had time to do. End notes: Loved the shopping here; cool imported stuff ! Needed more time in the Asia area. We never got over to Dino land at all; at least to check it out.I could see coming back here for more. And knowing how much I love that Everest Ride , I'm sure I will.
Great for family's.
