Docked right in the inner harbor, this beautiful, stately sailboat is a great feature in the Buffalo waterfront.  They offer many events, including chartered private parties, wine tasting, kid events and others.   I was first introduced to the Spirit of Buffalo and its amazing crew when I did one of their sunset wine tasting events.  It does not get much better than this ... a beautiful, well-kept sailboat, a warm summer breeze, the sunset over Lake Erie, endless wine samples and free cheese with crackers. The $38 might seem a little steep, but in my opinion it is completely worth it.  It's such a unique experience, especially for those who have never been on a sailboat.  They don't go terribly far but the 2 hours flies by because you're having such a great time. The friendly, energetic and professional crew is what earns them 5 stars.  They truly make the experience worthwhile.
We took our family (6 tickets) on the boat ride for Father's Day.  I had never gone sailing before and unfortunately I still don't think I can say I have ever been.  Once on board the beautiful ship we started out to leave the harbor for open water... and never made it.  The most exciting part of the excursion was passing the break wall only to proceed to circle it!  In the two hour "adventure" we circled the break wall two times at a very low safe speed and also floated in the harbor.   We now understand why there has never been a man overboard before- although from boredom we considered jumping.  All in all, I am sad to say that this felt like a money scam.
This is a fantastic summer activity. My first time being on the Spirit of Buffalo was for their Wednesday Wine in the Wind cruise. It is $38 per person and includes wine samples from wineries in the Niagara region as well as a complementary cheese and cracker buffet. The experience was incredible. You might think 2 hrs. is a long time to be on a boat but when you're on one of their cruises, time is the last thing you'll be thinking about. Gorgeous views of the city and the staff is so friendly and comedic. I love the relaxing music that is played and there is nothing like being on the water in a sail boat. There is no loud noise from a roaring engine, just a peaceful glide through the harbor. The family-owned company offers several different cruise options making this a great activity for all ages and occasions.
Great summer outing.  I have been on it twice - once for a work party and once with a group of great people that love trying new things in Buffalo!  Both times were great!  For 2 hours you go sailing, drink, eat, and relax!  They offer private charters as well as regular events you can join on.  If you are looking for a fun unique thing to do this summer - try this!
