Great Stadium, Great Vibes. The main scoreboard was clitchy the first qtr of the game, but that didn't bother me much. Having been watching the Seminoles since I was a kid, it was a dream to finally visit Doak Campbell. The place was packed for a game between them and Wake Forest. Didn't get to try any food. But just being there and soaking in all the fanfare was a great experience and can't wait to do it again.
What can you really say about a place like this? The atmosphere this year is insane. The fans are through the non-existent roof with enthusiasm. National Title anyone? Fairly standard layout for a stadium. Every level has food vendors with your typical sports game fare. No alcohol is sold here though. The seating is mostly benches unless you get a suite or box seats. After two games I would say it's wise to invest in a seat pad, but in all honesty, there wasn't much sitting. Getting in and out of the stadium was surprisingly efficient given the sheer volume of attendees. Expect to get your purse or bag searched, but no metal detectors. Everything about this place is college football. Get in early to watch Chief Osceola spike the flaming spear into the center of the field.
Beautifully constructed football stadium. The brick architecture reminds me of the buildings of past. Not many institutions follow this type of construction anymore, which is disappointing. I hear they play pretty good football there too ;)
Being an FSU Alum, Doak is what I call home and fills me with sooo much memories of my college years. Doak's architecture is magnificent and nicely constructed. Every aspect of it yells "FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY" Pride. There are food vendors located within the stadium and the university is mindful of recycling efforts for all games. Folks are pretty in tuned with throwing receptacles in proper containers. This is a college stadium so expect no alcohol served at the vendors. Parking? If you must, try heading to the Civic Center and taking a shuttle unless you've got parking spot at the stadium. Parking can be rough for home games, especially large home games! The city has cleaned up the areas around Doak and made the streets more presentable than it was when I arrived at FSU in 2001. There are new apartment complexes, restaurants, and night scenes around the area. Gaines street has been revitalized to appeal the masses. Seeing Doak on TV when football games are aired makes me reminisce to my younger days and the memories of FSU.
This stadium is the heart of football fandom in Tallahassee. The Noles HQ is alive with rabid fans, huge displays and enough lighting to see the city from space. Like any stadium, consumables are overpriced, the crowd is rowdy, and the atmosphere is loud. Since Tallahassee is a football city, you'll be in good company if you're lucky enough to go to a game. If you're trying to park, consider taking the shuttle from the Civic Center, since it can be a mob around the stadium. Tail gating is an experience. Arrive early and come prepared since the tail gate community is virtually a pop-up city hours before the game. Lots of food, good times.
Doak is a very attractive stadium.  It's amazing how very different it looks today from the skeletonish appearance it had as recently as the '90s.  I grew up in Tallahassee, and went to school at FSU, and then one day moved away.  I was back for the UF/FSU game this weekend, and aside from my team not ending up on top, I gotta say, I was disappointed in the mechanics of the place. It was a zoo getting in, and once in, the ramps to the aisles were crowded.  The rows (in the south end zone, anyway) were not well marked, and the seats have apparently recently been re-numbered, so it was a -little- confusing having to look at the front of the seat (instead of the top of the seat like most places) to find your seat.  This was also inconvenient as people filled in -- hard to tell if you were in YOUR seat or someone else's without looking between your legs. Those things can be forgiven, because you deal with them for a few minutes, and you're done.  The horrible PA system cannot be forgiven.  I could not understand the majority of the announcements.  Oh, I could -hear- them, but it was like listening to Charlie Brown's teacher.  I tried to blame it on the crowd noise, but that wasn't it -- the sound just doesn't make it all the way down the field.   Overall, Doak is a great place to -watch- a football game, but the full -experience-, in my opinion, is lacking.
I love this atmosphere and the adrenaline rush I get inside the stadium cheering with so many fans.  Biased? Yes- I'm a nole!  But the fans outside tailgating come prepared and are super friendly.  I met an elder lady who went to FSU years and years ago and knew Bobby Bowden- super cool!  The students can get a bit rough, especially towards Miami and Gator fans, but doesn't every student section?
Go Noles! Doak Campbell is a great stadium. The water is expensive, though.
Okay, so coming from a Gator fan, who lives in Tallahassee and dislikes Seminole fans, you can trust that my positive review is for real. LOL Although the scenery around the stadium sucks, the stadium looks nice from the outside and the shops and inside of the stadium is pretty nice. I've also been in the offices/classrooms part of the stadium and it was nice. The actual stadium is wide open, with a nice view from anywhere. I've been to probably 20 FSU games. 3 UF/FSU games. FSU fans suck, but the stadium is nice! :)
Go Noles
