Seriously, you might be an idiot if you're a student and don't get a Bull's card. I didn't appreciate it to the extent that I should have, but Bull's is truly a great establishment. $10 for cover AND drinks all night?! Trust me, you won't find a deal like that anywhere else. Yeah, it's crowded, yes there are some frat guys, but you are at FSU. What were you expecting? There's always something for everyone whether it's the dance floor, live band, or deck. Love it! *Kind of off subject, but I read a couple of reviews complaining about bartenders who get upset when groups don't tip. TIP YOUR BARTENDER AND STOP BEING A DOUCHE. I'm not a bartender or waitress, but they are working in an obnoxious environment while everyone else is having fun. Don't give 5 cups at one time and think it's okay not to tip. If you're too cheap to tip, don't go out at all.
Best specials in town period! Live music outside, DJ inside, 21+ only. Always a good time!
Dammit!!  If my friend wasn't such a damn hater I would have had an awesome time here.  Despite being ten years older than everyone else.  hahahaha We got here around 1130 and paid $10.  Super excited to get cheap drinks all night long, baby.  Or at least I was.  My friend was not going to drink because she was going to run a half marathon in a day.  Whatever.  It was very very crowded and getting a drink was next to impossible, next to 4 other people crowding out the space at the bar.  Each giant bar had exactly two bartenders, with about 200 plus thirsty gulpers vying for their attention at any given moment who paid for their AYCD cups ahead of time, ready for round #2,3,4, X.  Squeezing our empty plastic cups, I felt a twinge of stress over trying to actually get any liquid into these cups.   Fret not, I made friends at the bar, paying the high price of having to talk to a creepy dude who I would never talk to otherwise, and got our drinks.  The crowd was not the most sophisticated, to say the least.  But whatever, it's a college bar and if you want to have a good time, a good time shall be yours.  My friend ushered me out after just about an hour so I didn't get the full experience.  I would come here earlier next time, and wear flats.
If you don't like to drink and party; just ignore this review and this business lol. My wife is an FSU alum and she likes to go back for at least one home football game each year.  We both like to party.  This place makes me wish I went to FSU lol. One of my favorite stories is my first visit to Bullwinkles.  I was really frustrated by weak pour drinks at the time, at seemingly every restaurant I had been to lately, so I was on a kick of ordering doubles so I wouldn't have to drink 12 ounces of soda with my one ounce of liquor.  Get to the bar, ask for a double Bacardi and Coke; the bartender says with a very dry delivery, "Sorry, we don't have doubles."  I'm thinking to myself for a fraction of a second; are you kidding me?  A college bar in a college town can't even serve me a double?!  Then she smiles and says, "...but we have triples for $5."  I had to do a double take; no pun intended.  So let me get this straight, I can get a single for $3, but I can get a triple for $5 total, not even $3 + $5?!  Yep.  Oh man, I'm in love. Another funny evening; it was a Friday night when they have an all you can drink thing from afternoon until I believe 1am, an hour before close, for the massive price of $10; yes, that's not a typo.  We went, there was a line around the side of the building.  I noticed a door on the side of the building that no one seemed to be using and asked him what that was.  He said you can pay $10 extra (cover was $10) to not only get in that door with no waiting, but it gets you access to the upstairs area where the sink or swim includes call brands.  Here we go again; I'm dumbfounded.  So I can wait in line for 30 minutes to pay $10 and have what is still arguably an incredible deal, or I can pay $20, wait zero minutes AND drink all I want of call brands like Crown, Jack, etc.?!  Yep.   I'm not an FSU football fan, but I'm all about going to a game any time my wife wants to go back; just better believe we'll be at Bulls at least once each trip.
This past summer I visited this bar quite often. As it's right next to the Strip which I was beginning to get sick of, it could make for a nice night out if you feel like bar-hopping. Being a Bull's Thirsty Moose Card holder last semester, I got good use out of it. If you go 7+ times you get your money's worth for sure. I will be buying another card this semester. I tend to get sick of going to Bull's from time to time since it gets repetitive when you have a Moose Card, but after going elsewhere for a night out you really appreciate Bullwinkle's. You get more of your money's worth than any other bar I've been to in Tallahassee. There's more to do; TVs, dance floor, live band, upstairs bar, beer pong tournaments, and of course top shelf during select nights of the week. I even think the bartenders are nicer (but this varies of course). I like that it is 21+ and they are strict about that. I brought my 48-year-old dad here once and he thought the concept of paying a cover and getting a free refillable cup for the night (well until 1am) was cool. This is definitely for the college kids so people can get belligerent and I have gotten drinks spilled on me from the upstairs porch on more than one occasion.  But unlike another review said, I don't think this is a very "frat" place. I see more non-Greeks than Greeks for sure. My only complaints: It gets repetitive but this is not the bar's doing. Some of the male bartenders who tend to work upstairs on busy nights are quite often rude to the customers. I hear them bicker with other guys from across the bar. And once they kept ignoring a friend of mine trying to order a drink (not quite sure why) and she cried because of this. Once a chick was also bartending upstairs and said "WOW THANKS GUYS" sarcastically when my group of friends didn't tip her the first time. You should not always expect to get a tip depending on your service and being rude to your customers will definitely not get you a tip. So maybe they put their shit bartenders upstairs? I don't know. You can also tell when the older townies and locals are there and the older men can be a bit creepy. There are some strange guys who are regulars and will randomly buy girls shots from the completely other end of the bar without even introducing themselves. They bother my female friends sometimes and sometimes will just sit and stare. But once when my friend complained to a bartender because she was getting sick of feeling threatened, the bartender said "sorry but he knows the manager. There's really nothing I can do." One of the guys has also worn a backpack before and we don't really think that's right - you don't know what someone could be carrying in their backpack and I'm pretty sure a bouncer wouldn't let anyone else in with a backpack.
Who says you can't go home? Yes, Bullwinkles will always be home to me. When I was at FSU ('03-'07) I spent almost every weeknight at Bullwinkles, cashing in on the daily specials and taking advantage of my Moose Card membership. My husband and I recently returned to Bullwinkles for FSU homecoming and nothing has changed. It's still the most popular bar on the strip and you really can't beat the specials. I think it was $10 AYCD with a tiny cup, but you could upgrade to a "big gulp" for an additional $6 and then enjoy unlimited refills. Paying next to nothing to drink all night really made me miss my college days. The atmosphere is also still top notch with outdoor standing, great bands, and a top level that overlooks the rest of the bar.
This dive bar is amazing! College students- my daughter spends $60 a semester and drinks for free (other than tipping) all semester.  Yeah, you think cheap watered down drinks, to my huge surprise no! When we first arrived we walked to an outside area where a band was playing.  My first impression was yikes this place sucks cause the band sure did.  Although I have a few friends that would have probably enjoyed this band. We got carded by a very nice bouncer, yeah if you are not of legal drinking age do not even trying getting in here.  The place is big with two outside areas, decks, patio's, and a huge bar inside with a DJ.  We were charged $10 each to drink top shelf all night.  Yes, you heard me, serious bonus points.  Well not happy to report this but the bartenders know my daughter quite well so they were very happy to meet us. The bartender made my daughter a drink and I was not going to actually have anything after four bottles of wine at dinner, but after watching him mix up five different liquors and juices I thought hmmm I must try.  Damn, was it ever good.  No clue what it was, nor did I care at that point. Our crowd got larger with all my daughters friends and another couple that joined us.  It was Halloween weekend so some of the customers were dressed up in costumes.  The drinks kept flowing, the DJ was amazing, playing some great tunes.  I could not get off the dance floor.  I danced and danced and drank and drank.  I even met the "angry birds" who were so sweet and fun. I guess I expected a dirty grungy bar but NO, it was the opposite.  The customers that hangout here are awesome, so much fun.  No one bothers anyone, everyone just has a great time. Jen R. had kept telling me how this was her favorite bar in her college years and finally I made it in to check it out.  Oh how I wish we had this is Miami.  Then again I would be there way to often. This is what you get in a college town that caters to poor college students! Pure awesomeness. Great music, excellent service, fun atmosphere, strong ass drinks, what more could you possibly ask for. I have at least two more trips scheduled and trust me I will be back for another fun filled night. No clue what time we left, thankfully we took a taxi that got us home safely. Forget the strip with the dive bars, come here you will not regret it.  Did I mention $10 all you can drink,  Feck yeah!
Well, after two years of hearing all about this place, I was obviously excited to go. However, I played it off like I couldnt careless, you know play it cool. The first time I went was on a Friday.....$10 AYCD top shelf.....not bad I say. We came in through the back to the beer garden. Had a couple of drinks in the Oh So Chill atmosphere outside, made out way upstairs to the top deck to watch some basketball on the big screen, and have some more drinks. I have to say, it felt so relaxing sitting under the stars at this bar. With the sound of a live band downstairs, we decided to check out inside. Oh man I was in heaven. Perfect music for dancing and hanging out. I left in just the right state of mind..... Of course I had to go back a couple of times last semester. And then this semester I decided to uhh splurge and get a Bulls Card. I paid $55 for the semester and I dont have to pay cover at all. So basically I get to drink for free until the beginning of August....Oh dang, that is dangerous! Bulls is the perfect hangout to get away from the drunken college freshman and just go with friends, dance, sit outside and chill, and drink copius amounts of alcohol. Tip: they make such a good Long Island. It gets pretty crowded the later it is but oh how I love this bar. I only turned 21 3 months ago and a bartendar new my name....I dont know if I should feel special or not? haha
So far this is my favorite place to go in Tally. I love that I can only spend $10 on drinks all night
Cheap alcohol for a cheap place. I've been to Bullwinkle's numerous times for a large group outing and was never impressed. Sure, by the time you've downed your 10th Ladies' night drink (mostly juice) you do think it's a pretty awesome place and love the bartenders and the wall and the floor... The times we've been, the inside was blaring club hits and you were most likely to be groped by the many obnoxious frat boys. On the outside was a live cover band, that wasn't very good but had a good vibe. The line for the ladies only bar was ridiculous, the bartender was kind of a jerk and their was barely any alcohol in the drinks, so you have to keep going back for more. (And I like to tip, so that kind of screwed me) Just like any night club, this place invites the creepy daterapers, so be careful with your cups and don't let a stranger by you a drink unless you get it directly from the bartender. I think I've outgrown Bullwinkle's, so I hope the rest of you enjoy it!
I've been to Bulls on many Friday nights, though I can't speak for any other day of the week. So, on Fridays... Pros: -It's only $10 to get in, with all the top-shelf liquor you can drink until 1 a.m. To me, the price alone makes it worth it! Anywhere else, two Bombay gin & tonics (my drink of choice) would set you back at least $14. -There is always live music, and the bands are pretty decent, as long as you like alt- rock. If you're not into the band, there's a DJ and a big dance floor in an adjacent room. Cons: -There's one bartender who's a HUGE (short) jerk, to put it nicely. He's usually working the bar on the upstairs deck. He's the main reason my husband hates the place. -I don't love the DJ's choice of music, it's danceable, but that's about it. It could just be personal preference. I stick to the live stuff. To sum it all up, I always have a great time at Bullwinkle's. I promise that you'll get more than your money's worth on Friday nights!
I have never had a bad time at Bull's. The best night to go is Friday (for the drink specials and the crowd). The best thing about this place is that there's something for everyone. It's unpretentious, casual and unintimidating, especially if you don't usually go out. The inside is a large dance floor, which gets really crowded and lively by 11 or 11:30. There are 3 bar areas inside, but usually a line. You then walk outside on a porch and go down stairs to the main outside part, where there is a live band on stage and more bars. This outside area is much more chill and you can dance if you want, or find a place to sit and talk with friends. Outside there is an upper porch/balcony with yet more bars and a huge screen where they're usually playing ESPN, plus lots of picnic tables and seating. You can wear jeans (even shorts) or club dresses, it really doesn't matter here. You're guaranteed to run into someone you know and the music is always pretty good (the band and the DJ inside). The only downside is that a lot of people are smoking and you leave the place smelling of cigarettes. (Luckily it's pretty well ventilated, so if you have sensitivity to smoke you won't be coughing--you just can smell the stench.)There is a cop at the door and they are very strict about enforcing their 21+ policy. Also, the later you're there, the increased likelihood someone will spill their drink on you, or knock your drink out of your hand. Do not wear nice shoes, as they will inevitably get something spilled on them by the end of the night! If you like coming here more than once a month, get a Thirsty Moose Card! They are a great deal if this becomes your weekly hangout.
Best Bar in Tallahassee. Seriously, go here.
It is the one bar everyone in Tallahassee everyone tells you to go to when you turn 21. So guess what? I did and waited until the best special night when its Friday which is $10 all you can drink top shelf night. It was cool getting the chance to try so many drinks , but some of the bartenders got a bit annoyed when asked to make drinks they weren't familiar with. Other than that it was an all right way to spend the night.
Great bar if u are into drunk immature crowds. The drink specials are awesome but chances  are if u don't make it b4 the crowd u will have a problem getting to bar & when u do, if u don't tip bartenders u will get ignored! O u can always expect a scuffle here and there
Best bar I've ever visited, anywhere in the world!
Simply the best college bar ever. Bullwinkle's has the best drink specials in town. Bulls may not be the fancy but you can have a great time for just a little bit of money. $10 aycd topshelf drinks on Friday and SATURDAY. You can listen to music inside and outside and watch the game on a 25 foot big screen and a free beer pong tournament almost every night.  I would definitely recommend this bar.
$10 AYCD til 1am! Inside a DJ & outside a band! Best of both worlds here! Plus the best bartenders in town! There's a reason Bullwinkles has been around forever & is a FSU tradition...
It's not terrible by any means. If you want to nail a drunk co-ed or find somebody to at least bounce on for the evening you'll probably be in luck.  Plenty of abortions and STDs have spawned from this place. It's your typical college bar, shitty DJ inside, even worse mid-90's cover band outside. Admittedly, it's not totally my "scene," but I can get drunk and dumb like anyone. Watch out for dudes in Ed Hardy shirts and girls who can't hold their liquor. Poor Paul's next door is way better!
this was my home away from home in the early 2000s. i mean literally i was a "regular" there 3-4 nights a week...every week, without fail. it became my cheers, where everyone knew my name. some of my best college memories were made at this bar. the inside is a typical club with dj playing hip hop music and the outside deck was my fave place to hang out with great (and i mean great) live music!! the drink specials cannot be beat and im proud to say i was an original thirsty moose club member!! i recently went back to tallahassee for the first time in over 5 years and i was so happy to see so many familiar faces. many of the awesome bouncers and bartenders are still there. they added a really nice bar area to the upper roof deck and rearranged the inside layout, added a new outdoor bathroom, but overall the same awesome laid back FUN!!! oh to be 21 again!!
I hate Bulls. I don't care if its "lady's night", getting 1 shot in a HUGE styrafoam cup that's 99% soda is not a liquor pitcher and it won't get me drunk. NO thank youuu
What a great bar. Bullwinkle's offers the best of both worlds. The inside of the club is a typically packed dance floor. That's pretty cool, but the massive deck out back is where it's at. It's two-tiered, and there's a stage for local bands to play on. I can't tell you how many nights I've spent on that deck. During the summer time it's perfect outside at night, and with most of the students gone for the summer, it's not too crowded. During the fall/spring semesters there are more people there, which can be fun, but it's really hard to get a drink. On the plus, the drink deals on the weekends are amazing ($10 AYCD, $5 for a triple).
My favorite bar in Tallahassee from 2002-2005.  I haven't been back since, but I doubt it's changed.  A loud crowded dance floor on the inside and a cool outside area with another bar and an area for live bands.  I can't remember all the good times here, but they were many!
There is only on reason to come to Bullwinkle's. To get drunk, and even that can be hard to do when its packed. The owner is a really nice guy, one time I was there on a day it wasn't AYCD and the ATM wouldn't work so he got me a liquor pitcher for free. The problem is the bartenders are dickheads(if your a guy). If the bartenders didn't suck I would come here often but I cant stand any of them. Live music can be hit and miss, when its good its good when its bad its terrible. Recently my friends went and they were charged extra money to go upstairs, now that's just ridiculous the upstairs area is a bar in the middle of a deck. If you insist on coming here go when they open before it gets busy.
The bar in Tallahassee. Best drinks for by far (I mean, it is not even close) the best prices. 1 Moose card ($70 for your first one, $65 to renew) gets you AYCD every night they are open for the entire length of the semester. Oh and the Spring and Summer semesters get combined into one extra-long lasting Moose card for the SAME price. $8/month for AYCD from January through August. Isn't that enough? Well if it is not enough, they have excellent top-shelf drinks that for $6 more, you get upgraded to a triple AND top-shelf all night long. And on Fridays and Saturdays, the top-shelf is free. If no Moose card, then Mondays and Wednesdays are Ladies' Nights where it is $3 AYCD from 10-130 and 241 for guys. Tuesday is $5 AYCD wells and drafts, and Thursday is the same but for $10. Fridays and Saturdays are $10 AYCD top-shelf. But enough about money. This bar is amazing and the people are awesome. Everyone goes there for a chill time, so you can expect some real laid-back people. If you are looking to be snooty and secluded, then maybe you won't enjoy it. But the live music is usually pretty awesome (Tyler Denning Band always draws more people because they kill it), and the vibe is extremely relaxed. Even before I became a regular and got to know the staff, this place was my go-to and always was a sure thing for a good time. If you can accept you are not going to the Hampton's and that it is first and foremost a college bar, then you will likely love this place. It is on all the national Top College Bars lists for a reason. This place is an icon. P.S. - Bullwinkle's also has a very well-known reputation for being the one place in Tallahassee that you should never, ever, ever try to get into underage regardless how good you think your Fake ID is. The bouncers are experienced and never make exceptions. They will ask you to verify your ID in numerous different ways. And if still in doubt, there are always TPD officers stationed at every entrance on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. On the bright side, when you go here, you will know that you are not surrounded by freshmen who make freshmen decisions. It does help ensure a good time.
One of the best college bars in the country, as rated by Playboy Magazine awhile back and it hasn't changed since I first went there about 10 years ago.. Cheap but Strong drinks, hip-hop and booty-shakin music on the dance floor inside, always good live bands playing outside on the patio/deck. They now have a huge projection TV screen outside up high that you can see from the upper level of the patio. This place is always packed, ladies night Wednesday and Sat. They always have good drink specials such as $10 AUCD top shelf on Fridays. Ahhh, Bullwinkle's...
Best drink specials. Cheap cover. Top 40 type music and old school hip hop inside and a live band outside playing pretty decent music. I've only been once but really want to go back. Parking kind of sucks but we live close by so we can walk. If you don't live close by I'd suggest a taxi/bus.
It's an okay place. I like to sit up at the top bar, outside and watch the big screen but it's not always on. I'm not much for big crowds, so don't take my review too seriously and this place is crowded.
