First things first this bar is awesome. People can smoke inside and it's not too polished but it's a pub not a country club so get over it. It's funny to see people bash the bar because the owner, bartenders and all of the people that hang out there could careless . The place has the best jukebox in town, cheap beer, Foosball, darts, pool and is huge. Anyone could hang out there, it's not you typical college bar like the strip so if thats what you are looking for don't even bother. it's a dive bar where mostly locals hang out but there are a lot of different people that come in and out . To the dudes who didn't like st.mikes and some of the other places you wrote bad reviews about, stay over at the fermentation lounge cause no one wants you around
Walking distance from the Marriott Residence Inn.  Its a locals spot, dark and dingy, and offers inside smoking. There wasn't a lot of people inside so the smoking was kept at a minimum.  Even if there were a lot of people in there, the smoke wouldn't be overwhelming. One note is that there is a $7 minimum on credit cards.
Went in on a weekday night with two girlfriends. I had heard a lot of good things, though only coming from a couple of friends. But I decided to give it a shot. My fault that I didn't do any homework. I wasn't aware it was a "beer only" bar. Which was alright- I can get down with a beer. Just wish I had known. What do I attribute a measly two stars to? The bartender had a horrible attitude. I mean really just a nasty disposition, a sneer, the whole bit. I asked for a beer, to which he kind of cocked an eyebrow, sighed, and said "yeah. Which one?" After serving me my beer, he asked if I wanted to start a tab, to which I replied no thanks. He stared at me for several seconds while i waited for a total. Finally, he squinted at me, held his hands out, and smirked "well- that will be four dollars then?!" Like I was an idiot. Just completely uncalled for rudeness. Yo. I get it. You work at a "hip" bar. Really not a reason for you to act like such a prick. I doubt I'll be back.
Pretty hipster even on a Tuesday night. Came in solo to enjoy a beer and pulled up to an empty bar (people hanging around the pool tables) and the bartender wasn't mean but considering there weren't many people in here she didnt really greet me. Got a beer (reasonable price for a bud light) and noticed it was very quiet. Played some songs on the juke but couldn't hear it well from the bar. I can smoke inside and that alone drug 2 of the 3 starts out of me. Eh, it was close to the hotel but the owner could profit more on a little friendliness
"It's a pub, not a country club so get over it." -right on, man! I was in Tally for a dance conference when I visited St. Michael's across the street from where I was staying. This bar was dirty, seedy, but an experience nonetheless. My only complaint was that our waiter wasn't so nice, but I don't "exactly" blame her because we appeared to be a bunch of scared out-of-towners. Aside from smelling like an ashtray, I was delighted by how CHEAP the drinks were. Coming from ATL, it was nice to get my dive on. There are all sorts of games; pool, darts etc. Although I did not contribute my skills since I was pretty intimidated by all of the dude with gauged ears/extremities. HAY BOYFRAN! I had a Stella for 3 dollars and slept pretty soundly on my nice pull-out.
I'm giving this a four because yelp does't have 3.5. This bar/pub is mainly an indie/scenester place, which seems pretty  rare  for tallahassee. Not that anybody is really going to care if you come in with a polo and khaki's, they'd just prefer that you dye your hair black and get a pair of 1950's dork glasses first. Oh and a couple of tattoo's for good measure. First off, the place is pretty big. I think that it used to be a furniture store or something like that. At least that is what it feels like and almost no effort has been made to fix that. The whole place is painted a garish red and black and there are, get this, green plastic lawn chairs for the table seating. There is a god awful mural on one wall and crappy booths along the sides. Oh, and one window by the door has been broken and covered with cardboard for over a month now. In other words, it's like the owners are saying, "here you go all you indie rockers and scenesters! We'll serve you beer and play your music but f*ck you if you think we're going to clean up." It just sucks thinking about this place because it actually is a cool place to hang out. There is plenty of room, there are pool tables and dart boards and the music is good. If they'd fix up the interior it'd be pretty awesome. I can understand if you are going for dive bar, but this just looks half-assed.
Yea, this is more a bar for the "alternative" people, but it makes total sense for the area. It's right next to The Beta Bar and All Saints Cafe, so you're going to mainly get the same type of people coming in here. It's not really too much about hipsters and scene kids though... it's just pretty alternative in general. It's usually a good crowd. No obnoxious drunken jocks hitting on me! What a plus. The beer prices are about average, and they have a pretty big selection. Have some wines as well. The bartenders are always the same and they're great people! Yea, the interior's not exactly, uh, fancy. At all. I think it's kind of unfair to totally bash how "crappy" the booths and cheap plastic lawn chairs look though. I know the guys that own the place, and they built the booths themselves, and pretty much everything else in there. There really aren't many of the plastic chairs either. There's a ton of booth seating, and that's pretty darn comfortable in my opinion. Music is usually really good. Lots of punk, Irish, and hardcore stuff. Occasionally they have local bands come in and play too. Usually pretty cool, but sometimes you'll just be sitting there and all of a sudden a band will set up to play out of nowhere and it can be way too loud if you actually want to talk to people. Windows are all painted black now, which I don't personally like since I liked driving by and being able to see how many people were in there. But I guess it was some regulation thing. And they DO accept credit cards now. This is my favorite bar in Tallahassee, hands down!
Good beer selection, good service. I know it's not the pubs fault but the the clientele is almost entirely hipster. If you're not bothered by soul searching, pretentious hipsters wearing ridiculous clothing and smoking American spirits I do recommend this place.  Protip, put some classic rock on the jukebox.
Fun place, very chill.  There's usually plenty of pool tables, but if you do have to wait, the dart board is usually open.  There's a fun, if slightly expensive jukebox, and good beer.  The bartenders are friendly and on top of it, and St. Mike's is open late.  There's also occasionally live music, which is always really great and worth the cover if there is one (usually there's not). Loses a star from me because it's really smoky, but I guess if you're a smoker that would be worth adding a star, so take that for what it's worth to you.
My normal haunt, I'm here a lot and I always have fun. My favorite bartender works here (hey Ben!) and they have a pretty good selection of beer on tap for really great prices. There are four pool tables, a fuseball table, naked lady games, darts, etc. I would suggest not coming here if a live band is playing though unless you want to yell over all of your friends to have a conversation.
My home away from home! even after years being away from Tallahassee, the new bartenders and faces always make me feel welcome every time. A bar that's more like a family than anything else. Great beer selection, and sake too! perfect for a quiet night of pool with friends or a rocknroll show, this bar has it all!
I've had the pleasure of frequenting this bar more than a few times.  Here is another dive bar in Tallahassee that is pretty awesome.  One of the best jukeboxes in town, and a relaxed atmosphere. They have a large, large beer selection, no liqour though, and the prices are cheap.  Pool tables, darts, and alot of very cool bands come through here.  Smoking is allowed inside, and there's some extra parking in the back. Last time I was there, they seemed to have re-vamped the place up a bit. Nothing crazy or major but it looks good.
I love St Mikes, I'm here a lot and I really enjoy the atmosphere. They have a great selection of beers and the bartenders are super cool. I love to grab a beer and play some pool or darts with my friends. There is a ton of seating, which is important to me because I hate standing up all night at bars. The only thing that bothers me is the cigarette smoke. It's overwhelming. I always end up smelling like a big ash tray at the end of the night.
Cheap, dirty, and never, in my experience, so crowded that you have to touch a stranger.
Ah St. Mikes.   It has been around for about a year now. Beer only, cash only. Large interior, lots of booth seating and mostly locals. They have a good beer selection and great prices. Occasionally bands play. I do have to disagree with some of the above review, Its not quite trendy scenesters, mainly folks that wanna get away from the same old same old of Tennessee strip and waterworks. I think waterworks is more of a scenester/hipster "look how cool I look" type of bar. But I can see where you get that opinion if you are a more straight laced person.  I do agree that the decor is ugly as hell, but i don't go there for the looks it is a cool bar to hang out in. I don't think it comes from a "fuck you indies" attitude, but more from a lack of fundage it takes a lot to maintain a local business, especially when most of Tallahassee's "night outs" include sitting at the bar at applebees. And they finally fixed the windows Love this bar and the ppl who hang out there.
St Mikes and I have had a good run together. It has definitely been my bar of choice for my time spent in Tallahassee. The bartenders are great, although they've lost some good ones over the past year or so. With the recent re-design, the bar is looking better than ever! The beer selection has taken some big steps up in the past few months and will probably continue to do so. Drinks are cheap, people are nice, there's not always some asshole trying to start a bar fight... A better crowd than your typical Tally bar to be sure. The jukebox IS spectacular (1 credit plays!), and while sometimes someone will indeed play 45 minutes of metal in a row, the volume is not so offensive as to cause distress to non-fans. Awesome bar, good job!
Nice jukebox and bartenders. One big room. Foosball and pool and darts.  Good beers, good prices.  Come as you are.  No worries.  Clientele and atmosphere is deliberately  unpretentious, though of course some of the folks can be pretentiously unpretentious. ;)  I feel I can go there in any attire and in any mood, have a beer, hear some music, hurl a few darts, and not spend too much money; and all without having to put on any uptown airs for anyone.
Comfortable seating, fun atmosphere, great bartenders.
