Pleasant surprise passing through Tallahassee on a Monday night. The first 10 places that came up on Yelp were closed,so we "settled" for this. Got the impression there is a good chef here that has to compromise the menu to cater to the "typical local tastes", but there were some nice surprises. The Basil Buttons (mushrooms stiffed with basil, cheese, drizzled with pesto on top of fresh tomatoes) were great. Gonna try it at home. Goat Greens were interesting. Green tomato slice with feta battered and fried. Very good. Penne pasta with pesto was topped with a grilled portobello mushroom stuffed with crabmeat dressing and topped with cheese. Excellent! Reasonable prices, great food and service, casual decor. Empty but offseason and Monday night.
I've never tasted anything Jesse cooked that wasn't great. To give you some idea of how high our family's opinion is of his work, we used to go to the Sopchoppy restaurant multiple times each time we vacationed near there.  As disappointed as we were for them to move to Tallahassee, we still make a particular effort to eat at the new Tallahassee location on our way to and from.   My only gripe . . . bring back the eggplant parmesan!!!
Best dinner in Tallahassee so far.  Pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food.  The shrimp Sriracha was delicious. the stuffed fried green tomato has goat cheese that was a little over powering.  the blue crab stuffed grouper was super, combining two of my favorites: nutty grouper and crab cake.  My friend loved the blacken shrimp. Will have to go back again before leaving town.
Awesome food! I had the beast burger and it was amazing, from the bun to the bacon and the burger in between. One of the best burgers I have ever had! Definitely recommend!
The menu here is amazing! We love Thursday night Live Music and Sunday brunch. You won't be dissappointed!
Week day dinner at 7pm Loved the sweet and juicy Cherokee chicken wings. The chicken wings were melted down to skin and left with only nice crunchiness like a good Peking duck. The white creamy sauce came with had a good flavor but the wings didn't need any other flavors, the sauce might be for the veggie sticks on the side. My pork tenderloin was flavorful and juicy. The fresh rosemary was well infused to the meat and gave extra happiness in my mouth. Two vegetable skewers were fresh and has a hint of sweetness. It reminded of sweet & sour chicken interestingly. The pasta dish with creamy crunchy and well flavored shrimps was delicious. The juicy shrimps worked wonderfully with penne pasta. the foods disappeared so fast that I only have the wings.....
Went here for brunch (big sign outside advertising same) and found out that they were not doing brunch that day - really? We should have known that it was going to be less than stellar since there were no cars in the lot when we parked. Our service was good but the food was just okay. Something is seriously wrong here since the location alone should be a plus.
The outside is deceiving! I thought this place would be a hit because of the location and the outdoor look. No. I had a Cesar salad and it was terrible. For some reason there was this sweet bbq sauce drizzled on top... which ruined the salad. Disappointing...
I have been here twice, once for dinner, and once for a show in the bar.  The food could be good, but the servers don't seem to care about it much.  I ordered the Grouper and it clearly spent much time drying out waiting to be delivered.  I waited so long for it, one hour and fifteen minutes) that I was afraid to send it back.   They carry some great beers, and the menu reads great on paper, but the owner needs to fire the entire front of the house and start over.  Too many kids, not enough adults working here.   Disappointing on all counts.  A bummer for them, and me.
Super nice staff, good food and good happy hour!
The Con pizza.  The first time I came to BB I had this as my entree and was very pleased.  The next two times we've gone we've gotten this as an appetizer and it's been equally enjoyable as the first time. The waitstaff has always been courteous and I find the menu selection presents a nice mix. Now that I've said something nice... This place has a management problem.   One visit we sat at a table in the bar.  The wait staff huddled around the end of the bar talking about those things that waitstaff will talk about when they huddle together.  Maybe because we were in our server's line of sight we had no problems, but two tables in the restaurant area (my friend says three) had to come into the bar to get their server to attend to them.  We saw no manager that entire day. Another visit, after the lengthy time between drink orders and delivery, we were told "a bunch or people didn't show up for their shifts."  This was the day after the FSU/UF football game in 2012.  I get that.  But again, no manager in sight.  It's my fervent hope he/she was slinging in the kitchen, but we watched while the albeit very friendly and courteous hostess went about her other duties while two different tables of people sat so long before water was brought to them that they got up and left.  This isn't the fault of the hostess, but the manager missing from the floor.  That is unacceptable. I really like the food here.  I like the beer and wine selection.  Everyone we've encountered has been great.  But there's little to no leadership and that's a recipe for failure.
One of the best places to eat in the Big Bend. Awesome food, lots of flavor, great service and plenty of variety on the menu. I can't recommend it strongly enough. The kitchen has always been willing to make changes to a dish, or create something special when asked. Great vegetarian options.  Try the pizza - or the pasta... both are excellent. Good bartenders, great staff.  I stop here all the time- good for get togethers with friends, or small one on one lunches.
The food is actually good, a surprise for Tally.  However, the word 'backwoods' aptly describes the quality and efficiency of the service from having to wait for seating when the restaurant was 70% empty to the inattentive wait staff and somewhat long time to get the meals.
I live nearby and this is a great neighborhood restaurant for those nights and days when we decided, "Hey, let's just grab a bite out." We've never been disappointed. It has a bar/pub type menu with a twist. The fried oysters are great, the breakfast pizza is incredible and the pork tenderloin is actually tender. I tend to avoid pork in restaurants because so many serve it dry and tough. Backwoods Bistro's is juicy, flavorful and huge. I couldn't finish my meal even though I reaaaaally wanted to. We've also had scallop and fish dishes there that were very well prepared. The staff is always friendly and is willing to adjust dishes if asked.  My now wife and I even chose it to celebrate our engagement with my son.
Went at lunch with a friend who had eaten several times at the original Sopchoppy location. Got a surprise when the lunch and dinner menu was the same. That made pricing a bit high for midday. Service was so-so. Food wise my shrimp salad , Greek style, was excellent and quite large.
Decided to give it a shot and even stayed after walking in and realizing it was anything but a bistro. Sat at the bar while waiting for table. Few ok beers so that was a plus. After that, there really wasn't much to be impressed about. There was no ambiance, in fact it had no appeal. The wait staff was pleasant enough but the menu was pretty unimaginative. We both had shrimp and they were flavorful and my red potatoes were tasty. Again, not overwhelming, just adequate. The salads arrived halfway through dinner (without an acknowledgement of bad timing).  Just don't see this lasting if they don't step it up.
Great wings and drink specials. It's fun atmosphere in a great location.
YUMMY food. Sometimes the service is a little slow but the food is so good that it doesn't matter :)
Where shall I begin. First off, ordered a lemon drop and it came with salted rim..no comment.  Food was nothing special. Burger was dry & way overcooked, buffalo chicken sandwich was bland, as well as the tuna sub. There were 3 of us and the food, we all agreed, was undesirable. Service was lack luster. It was slow and when we finished eating the plates were stacked & never cleared. I was not impressed & will not return. Do not recommend!
We always enjoy a nice meal with the friendly folks at Backwoods Bistro. This visit we held a birthday dinner with kids, senior and us 40-somethings. Amanda was a super waitress. Kids enjoyed their pizzas. The salads, fish, burgers and pasta all came out great. I am always struck by the menu variety. Jesse and his team in the kitchen did a nice job getting everything put together. He even cooked a cobbler for us as the birthday dessert. Best cobbler ever. We recommend Backwoods Bistro.
I had a burger and husband had the scallops!   So good!  The fried cheese appetizer was amazing...   The only thing that wasn't great was the atmosphere.  So dark.  Plus it was 5:30 or 6:00 on a week day and we were the only ones in the front.
We tried BB for an early dinner with another couple who are long time friends and choosy about their restaurants.  We were seated right away by friendly staff and our drink orders were taken.  The restaurant atmosphere was cool, modern and pleasant.  I ordered the crab and apple stuffed grouper, my guy ordered one of their burgers.  Our friends ordered pizza and a chicken pasta dish.  My order came out a bit later than the others, which was fine with me since I had a house salad to work on.  The salad was good, with baby greens and a very nice house basalmic vinagrette to go with it.  My guy liked his burger, which was medium and huge.  His fries, which I tasted, were very good.   My grouper was excellent.  I am a picky eater when it comes to fish as it often does not agree with me.  This was moist, tender and beautifully presented.  Served on a slice of grilled watermelon, the grouper was stuffed with crab and chopped apple.  All crab and very little filler other than the apple.  The fish was fresh and the entire dish was drizzled with a delicate lime tequila sauce.  Service was fair to good.  They appeared to be a bit short staffed, but we are not particularly demanding customers.  They kept my guy's drink glass full, which is a chore considering how much diet soda he consumes in one sitting, so that's a plus.  The waitress apologized for my dinner being later than the others, so I was offered a free dessert.  I was so full, we took it home with us.  Key lime pie was the choice.  I tasted it later and found it to be creamy, tart and not too sweet.  It was just right. We will go back and try the restaurant again.  The food was good and the service was all right.  Everyone has an off day, and classic chicken parmigiana is pan sauteed, not deep fried. ;-)
Love the pizza made with homemade crust. They have great daily specials and a full bar. Don't forget to check out the live music!
We visited Thursday July 5th, 2012.  We ordered a cheese/pepperoni pizza and the chicken parmigiana.  We also ordered the mozzarella drops (cheese sticks basically.)  The mozzarella drops were tasty (but not hard to cook..all you do is throw them in the deep fryer).  The side salad costs $4.50 and is very small for that price.  The pizza came out and it was overloaded with cheese.  It had so much cheese on it, that we weren't able to taste anything else.  It was pretty bad.  Half the pizza was missing bread underneath the cheese...I think they tossed the dough too thin.  The tomato sauce on the pizza tasted like it came out of a can...very generic and bland tasting.  The chicken parmigiana was even worse!  The problem is, I'm not sure they know what chicken parmigiana is.  Classic chicken parmigiana is a breaded chicken breast that is deep fried, then baked with marinara sauce and cheese on top.  The chicken parmigiana they served us was just a plain chicken breast on top of noodles with a marinara sauce.  The chicken wasn't breaded..it wasn't fried...it was grilled.  It was bland, flavorless, and tasted freezer burned.  To make matters worse, it seems they use the same marinara sauce in the noodles that they do on the pizza..it tastes like canned ragu.  I wanted to tell the manager that the chicken parmigiana they are selling is not actually chicken parmigiana.  The only cheese to be found on the dish was dry non-melted mozzarella that was lightly sprinkled on the top.  The bill came to a little over $40 bucks. The service was average..it wasn't good or bad..just in the middle.  The food was absolutely terrible and I doubt I will be going back.  Somebody needs to show them what chicken parmigiana is so they can stop serving what they are serving now..it's very misleading.  I think it would help a lot too if they made their own tomato sauce..it's very obvious to me that it's canned.
