I love this place! Weekend breakfast with pints to late night snacks. If Richard is behind the bar, you will get a sincere smile and conversation. Ive been going here for years for huge breakfast omelets  or late night spicy teriyaki wings.  This place is a tallahassee landmark. Hint: If you can make it for taco night you will be pleasantly surprised. If you've been once, the staff will make you feel like a regular. It's the Cheers of Tallahassee.
I met a friend who is a regular here for drinks this week. She absolutely raved about it and I was looking forward to trying it out. I'll have to say that she was the shinning start there. After that the staff and drinks pull a close second. We both had dirty Martinis and the were honestly one of the best anywhere. We split the fried pickles which were pretty good. I also got an order of wings that were ok. Along the lines of fast food wings. I would say its a bit dated and feels a little dirty. But the wonderful friendly staff and happy regulars make up for any short comings.
Cozy and friendly, and FULL of good TVs with all kinds of games going on. The owners and the wait staff/ bartenders are friendly, and keep you well taken care of. 4th quarter has multiple personalities so you should be able to find a niche. Football games are fun and wild. Afternoons for late lunch are cozy and friendly. Large variety of menu choices, some healthy, some not so much but good anyway! Dark, lots of wood and a real pub atmosphere.
Such a fun place to go! Everyone is always super friendly, drinks are strong and food is awesome! It's a great place to just hang out and watch one of their 27 TVs!
The food is not so good, but I like the people and the place. It's small, but I just liked the feel of the place. It's a good place to get cheap drinks and watch a game.
Being a Tally Native-Well almost I escaped several times but kept coming back LOL :)  You have to experience the Quarter!  I love the Owner Richard-He is the most polite man I have ever met plus he always remembers what you drink (and the man has been here for over 20 yrs) The food is great and served really late- The drinks "You get your money's worth if you know what I mean!" and the staff of waitresses are really nice too.  I wish that the decor was a little more girl friendly but it's a sportsbar so I can't bitch too much.  I recommend you check it out- especially if you are hungry late!
The drinks are stiff, the patrons tend to be "mature," and it feels dark and a little unsanitary but somehow clean and comforting like a sports-themed womb at the same time.  In short: an awesome, cute old man bar!  Seriously, I don't think my new BFF from my last visit had teeth, which didn't stop him from eating an obscenely huge hot-dog covered with comparably obscene amounts of onion and cheese.  This bar is perfect if you happen to be a fan of teams that are not the Seminoles and need to catch a distant game; they have at least a dozen televisions and all the sports channels your fannish heart could desire.
Breakfast is surprisingly good.
I'm from Chicago and, unfortunately, a Cubs fan.  When I got to hotel I searced for sports bars in the area.  I went to 4th Quarter based upon the yelp reviews and a recommendation from the hotel. First of all, the people that wrote those negative reviews about the food being no good, don't know what they are talking about.  I had an AMAZING fresh Cobb Salad with lots of goodies in it and plenty of Rasberry Vinigrette to put on it. Then I went for the Black & Blue Burger.  I travel all over the country and the world.  This was seriously one of the best burgers I've had.  The onion rings I had with it were also great - REAL SLICED onions, not those onion rings formed by onion pieces. As for the TV's.  I noticed all of them were Samsung, which happens to be the most highly rated flat screens on the market.  Great pictures on every one of them.  And, yes they were "mis-matched".  THAT'S THE POINT OF A SPORTS BAR!!!  NOT EVERYONE IN THE PLACE WANTS TO SEE THE SAME THING!!!  Apparently the reviewer that made this comment has never been to a sports bar.  Anyway, they had hockey, basketball, and baseball on - including my Cubs. It being Wednesday, the beer special was $2.50 for Coronas and Dos XX.  You can't beat those prices and the bartender made sure that you weren't sitting there without your drink of choice for very long. In summary - great food, great drink prices, great TV's, and very friendly staff.  I would definitely recommend 4th Quarter for out-of-towners looking for a place to watch their teams.
I did a great deal of growing up in this place, and made many friends.  Excellent food and 'The King' behind the bar, what more could you want?  Oh yeah, televisions, and plenty of them.  Pick a sport, they've got it covered.  Drink specials and a changing Friday night menu.
This is a pitiful place. All the food is frozen ready to deep fry. If you want mediocre meat, cheese or fries, just drink & watch sports on a dozen mismatched tvs at once, or sit in a cramped room with a mundane group of people go here. Then take your lipitor.
Nice set of tv's and good drinks.  Good sports bar atmosphere.
