Stopped by while searching for a brunch place. OMG! Amazing food, fantastic atmosphere and outstanding service! Kiersten, the owner, made us feel party of the family. This has become my instant favorite place for brunch, no doubt! The prosecco with the berry twist was delicious and we ordered the heirloom tomatoes poached eggs... To die for! I highly suggest to stop by here, enjoy the southern hospitality and fill your belly!
Reminiscent of a modern, non-wizarding Madame Puddifoot's, Paisley Cafe is quaint and comfy-cave-like, with lime, chocolate, and seascape-hued paisley print and uplifting chalkboarded quotes decorating the walls, and baroque classical setting the mood.   The delightful owner, Kirsten, and her team obviously takes a lot of pride and pleasure in what they do, and it shows in their attitudes and delicious end products. I opted for the Peachtree Pancetta Benedict (Hollandaise, fancy bacon? Yes.), the hubs, Shrimp and Grits; both were appropriately salty and supremely satisfying.  Also, their lobster bisque is Baller!  Like most seafood bisques, it was thick and creamy, with a soft sherry tang, but theirs also hosted delicate artichoke hearts and shaved (I think) provolone.  Hot damn, y'all; so, so good. We were too full for desserts, but their Slutty Brownies (multi-layered brownie, something else, cookie behemoths) looked pretty awesome... maybe next time we're in Tally, we'll save room.  Unless bisque is an option; I'll take that to dessert any day of the week. TLDR:  Charming, cozy; great food, excellent customer service.  Go there.
I demand an explanation of why this restaurants overall star rating is missing 1/2 of a star?!? I entertained clients today at Paisley. It was my first time here, and I couldn't have been more pleased. It is tucked away behind boutiques. There is a nice umbrellaed terrace with several tables. The interior has multiple tables of various shapes, sizes and design. We were a party of 5, so we opted to sit dead center at an enormous round beast of a table. The food. Oh, dear. Each of us chose something different: edamame salad, PLT, lobster bisque, vegetable press. I didn't mess around with soup & salad, and chose the grits, collards and candied sausage. I clearly won lunch. The drinks. My guests had the standards: coke, diet coke, tea. I had the strawberry lemonade which was delightful and refreshing and perfect. We did not try dessert, which makes me sad, but clearly I will be back, and will maybe adhere to a strict dessert-only diet. My one regret is I didn't buy a jar of their house tomato jam. Why? Just why?
My first review is still 100% accurate.  Today's review focuses on the consistency of service as well as output.  Paisley staff (front and back) have an unrivaled attention to detail.  Take a moment to observe how they move and interact with each other, situationally and physically.  To me, It's an effortless dance.  Sure, they get in the weeds periodically (expected, given their reputation) but there's an apparent calm that never lets on to being busy.  Creative daily specials, interesting menu items and a sense of pride make paisley shine in Tallahassee.
I've been here a number of times. The service is great and the chicken salad sandwich is amazing. Deserves 5 stars!
Darling little cafe that we had stumbled upon a year ago but they had closed for the day.  Fast forward a year later and ,while in town visiting, my best friend and I made sure to have lunch at this adorable little spot in the Midtown area. They have a quaint patio area but because it was so hot, we opted to eat inside. The interior is adorably decorated...think shabby chic!  We were a little thrown off by how this little place works but immediately saw the line forming at the register towards the back and headed straight that way.  They had daily specials on a chalkboard on the wall in addition to their regular menu.  Lots of brunch specials in addition to sandwiches and salads plus sides.   We placed our orders at the register and paid, and food was brought to our table ala Pei Wei .   There is one register so the lines can get backed up but thankfully it moved rather quickly. Just try to have your order ready when you get to the front so you're not stumbling trying to figure out what to order. I ordered the roasted veggie press and requested a side of the suggested sriracha ranch dressing to dip it in. Wow! That sandwich seriously impressed me. Don't for once think that because it doesn't have meat that it won't fill you up. The artichokes, tomatoes and roasted red peppers coupled with the hearty bread are pretty substantial. The sandwich also came with a side so I opted for a cup of the lobster bisque. It was good but not the best I ever had.    I also got a blueberry lemonade which was served in a little mason jar. Loved that!   They also have a dessert called the "slutty brownie" that looked very decadent....I'm regretting we didn't try it so that will be added to my "to eat list" for next time! The dining area in the front room accommodates several parties of 2 but I didn't get a chance to see the second room.  There's also a long bar you can dine at if you so wish.   Service was pleasant. There was someone in the dining room making her way around checking on tables. Make sure to tip at the counter when you pay .
My friend raved about the seafood Benedict and the smoked Gouda grits. Great sandwiches and pastries. Very friendly service from the entire staff. Cute atmosphere. Good indoor and outdoor seating options.
Seriously the best damn food in Tallahassee!! Everything is amazing from the homemade lemonade, tomato bisque, farmhouse grilled cheese and the BEST shrimp and grits EVER!  Plus they have the slutty brownie - enough said! Love, love this place!!!!!!!! Almost forgot to add that the service kicks butt too!!!!
Finally found the perfect place for brunch in Tallahassee! Great selections for brunch without being overwhelming. Our food was delicious! Our meals were cooked well and the service was great too! A little on the pricier side, but worth it for the quality-- especially in a city that lacks good places to eat brunch. I highly recommend ordering their biscuits and gravy!
This past weekend, my friend from NYC met me in Tallahassee for a long needed reunion and we decided to check out Paisley Cafe for brunch.  She was in a mad rush so we didn't have a lot of time and got here around 10 or 11am on a Saturday.  The place is hard to find, tucked away downstairs from a cupcake/clothing store.  The decorations are cute, butterfly, flower, etc.  We wanted to sit outside but they were throwing a wedding.  A fucking wedding?   I got the chicken croissant sandwich.  It came with a small soup, Lobster Bisque.  I didn't taste any lobster but it was very creamy and looked nice.  The sandwich, for nearly $20 after tax and tip, was unimpressive.  I definitely had way better sandwiches for that price.   My friend got some sort of sampler platter that she wasn't too gaga over either.  The service is that you order at the counter and take a number and then they bring the food to you.  If this is a 4.5 star spot in Tallahassee... oh man.  I don't know.
Slutty Brownie??? YUM!! Great lunch spot!!
Food was great, and atmosphere was super unique. Exactly what I've been looking for.
Lovely quaint decor. Friendly, attentive, knowledgeable staff. Scrumptious food beautifully presented. This is my new favorite restaurant in Tallahassee. I chose the Collard Greens and Grits with Peas and Smoked Sausage. That might sound like a strange combination but if you like grits or collards you just must give it a try. Peas in grits are a favorite breakfast item for my Bahamian friends so this entree is a definite winner for many diners. My friend raved over the Lobster Bisque but I was so stuffed I had no room to share in her delight. On my next visit I'm going to order the Shrimp and Grits. Yes, I love grits.
Absolutely unique and charming. If you love a quaint one of a kind restaurant....with delicious food made with the best ingredients, served by a great wait staff......this place is for you.  The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming.  Small and intimate, but oh so casual. This restaurant is a real stand out from the "too many chain restaurants" and their microwaves.  It was love at first bite.
I Loved Loved Loved this place!  I visited Paisley last Saturday afternoon (come early).The food was awesome! I recommend the Grits and Collards which is excellent! It comes with blueberry cornbread.. Yummy!! I also had the strawberry pineapple lemonade that was the sooo good! The staff is super nice and helpful, ask for Craig. I was full and happy when I left. I will definitely be back.
Really one of the best places in Tallahassee. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu- brunch, lunch, or dinner. This southern staple definitely does not disappoint.
I did it. I went somewhere that had me at full smiles the whole time and definitely in a good mood post bad job interview. Surprisingly this was in Tallahassee and only with my trusty yelp app did I stumble upon this place. When you approach Paisley Cafe there is a courtyard in front where you can eat and enjoy the sunny day. Definitely a cute spot for a date. Then when you enter the first area inside there is a bar to the left and tables for smaller groups along the wall. A second room is much more spacious and preferably for larger groups. The decor is quaint, cute, flowery, Hamptons style hipster. Perfect setting for brunch with close friends to gossip and giggle. I ordered the Turkey with Apple Butter and Brie, with bacon added for a little more kick. It was definitely a delight to my taste buds. The mixture of sweet and fresh was great and the crisp bacon put me in my happy place. But the Lobster Bisque I had on the side was on point. Excellent with so much rich flavor and the right thickness. Give me more! For dessert I had to get the Slutty Brownie. Sweet and delicious chocolate masterpiece. A meal that will go down in the happy book. The service at Paisley Cafe is also excellent with everyone being excited and super helpful with suggestions. Constantly refilling my iced tea and asking if I needed anything else. With everything so great here there has to be at least one flaw. That would sadly have to be the price. This menu is hella expensive and I spent almost $30 on myself. I was so surprised for a cafe style place like this that had so many customers. Nonetheless I do not regret it because the ambiance, food, and service was worth it. Next time I wish I have some friends to eat with here.
I'm so happy I found Paisley Cafe when passing through Tallahassee.  They have a really cool thing going on here.  Delicious food, upbeat and informative staff, great location, great ambiance, good value.  They play killer 80's music inside and classical music outside in the courtyard. I had the grits and collards with smoked sausage, while others in my group had the pressed sandwiches and soups.  All were delicious.  They have lots of soup, salad and sandwich options, including their healthier "Clean 24" menu.  There's definitely something for everyone here, especially foodies. But damn them.  We saw the Nutella bread pudding, the Slutty Brownie (featuring layers of chocolate chip cookie dough, Oreos and brownie batter) and the homemade buttermilk pie sitting there among all those beautiful cakes, and couldn't decide which to try.  So we got all three, and left blissfully happy with our new food babies.  I'll come back for another.
Super cute restaurant sweet staff and delicious food! I ordered a turkey apple butter brie sandwich which was phenomenal!! It came with a side item and I ordered the tomato bisque. I was not my favorite soup but I enjoyed it. I also ordered a pineapple strawberry mimosa that had fresh fruit which topped it off! I'd definitely come back when I visit Tallahassee.
Holy, sweet mother of sandwiches... I just had the chicken salad croissant. I want to go curl up in a dark room and think about it for a while. If I never eat again, I will die satisfied. Thank you.
Nutella Bread Pudding. That is all. Actually, no, I have come here three times and each time I try something new. It is always delicious and if I could bottle up that funky, sweet honey mustard sauce they bring out with the Turkey, Brie, Apple Butter sandwich I would. Service is also always soooo great and friendly!!!!
This was a surprising find in Tallahassee. Pleasantly so. From the moment we stepped into the establishment, accidentally entering from the patio area, there was a feeling of positivity in the air. The decor is adorable, chic, and eclectic. But without being pretentiously so. We were a tad confused by the organization of the place itself, but fortunately, no one seemed to be too bothered by it. You order inside at the counter, pay for the food (including any tips you would like to include), and then sit down as you wait then enjoy your investments. We decided to sit outside, the weather was too gorgeous not to, and service, though friendly, was a tad slow. Not sure if this is a result of sitting outside, but good to know nonetheless. I had the privilege of tasting one of their Brunch Specials, the Spinach Quiche with Paisley Salad. They were not kidding about it being a petite quiche, because it was rather small, but when paired with the good-sized salad, the entire dish was plentiful enough. Since it was Fall when we were there, they offered to swap the Paisley Salad with a special, fall-themed salad. It was delicious! I also tasted the Paisley Chicken Salad Croissant and the Turkey with Apple Butter and Brie sandwich. Both were just as delicious. The Chicken Salad Croissant was filled to the brim and more - so if you are expecting a more 1:1 ratio, you would either be disappointed or pleased. For dessert, we tried the Slutty Brownie and the Nutella Bread Pudding. Both were sweet, sweet endings to our lunch. The only issue we had was how long it took for it to be served to us, and how mediocrely warm they were. They would be a lot better if they had been just a tad hotter at serving time. I would definitely like to come back here the next time I'm in Tallahassee - but curious about other things this little capital of ours has to offer as well.
I've lived in Miami all my life, Tallahassee for college and even Manhattan for a few months, so I have some credibility when it comes to restaurants. Paisley Café is in my top 5 favorite restaurants of all time. The food is impeccable and truly made with passion. The owner is ALWAYS there, greeting her customers and making sure everyone has a smile on their face. You can truly feel the love she has for her guests and the quality of her food. The ingredients mostly come from her own families farm not far away. Must have: the lobster bisque. It is amazing. I also have the TAB (Turkey apple butter brie sandwhich) every time I visit and occasionally the nutella bread pudding when I'm bringing someone new to try it out. Great place!
I love eggs Benedict and this was the best I've ever had. One of the eggs was cooked through and not runny but it was so good it didn't even matter! Get the one with the tomato and swap out the bacon for ham. Everyone working here is super nice and they have cool lemonades in mason jars. Outside patio is really quaint too. What a great find this place was.
fabulous place for lunch, lovely little outdoor tables and back porch area.  The idea is to order at the counter, take a number and pick your seat.  But the wait staff were fabulous and brought it out as soon as it was ready.  There were great soups and stews.  Loved the grits and cornbread stuff. The place is small, but intimate and will make a great lunch for business or friends.
I feel so satisfied from my meal. Also the staff are awesome people.
Found this little delight on my around me app. Owner is friendly and full of information. Ham and jam press was like no other to be complimented by the collard and smoked sausage soup. Home made blueberry iced tea and I had to take the 'slutty brownie' to go. I will be back before I leave Tallahassee.
This is one of those places you go to for a great lunch. Everything on their menu is amazing. There is nothing I didn't like... and I've tried a bunch of their food. It's a little expensive but it's totally worth it.
Delicious! Original flavors, beautiful, simple presentations. The lobster bisque was so rich and had so much depth in flavor. The prime rib press was absolutely delicious. The ambiance was so charming and cozy. The staff was also super friendly. Highly recommend this place!
Our daughter brought us here after several visits with her friend. The place is ADORABLE. I can see why she loves it here. She says she and her friend love having lunch and bonding over book talks. The food was very good. I will list everything we ate and my opinion on each. SOME NAME Benedict with Sausage. Frank LOVED his plate. So much, he had all 4 rolls that came on  the plate. This is large plate, enough for two to enjoy. Paisley Chicken Salad Croissant.- Excellent sandwich. Interesting twist of chicken salad with salami. The croissant was toasty and flaky. Turkey with Apple Butter and Brie.- My daughter's favorite. Interesting combination of flavors. She really loves the apple butter. Farmhouse Grilled Cheese.- This was good, but the roasted tomatoes give it a "pesto/Italian" taste. I had it with the bacon add on. I am considering having this again next time but asking for the roasted tomatoes on the side to try and enjoy a more traditional tasting grilled cheese. Creamy Smoked Gouda Grits.- WINNER WINNER! This my friends is orgasm in a bowl. Skip the apple butter side that comes with this and just enjoy that melt in your mouth smoky taste. This was just PHENOMENAL! Lobster Bisque.- One of the nicest I've ever had. A MUST TRY! Tomato Bisque.- Good but a little too sweet for my taste. Lemonade.- Very good. Slightly tart. Nutella Bread Pudding.- DELICIOUS! Very rich tasting. Definitely good for sharing. I congratulate my daughter on her palate and this find. I am really proud that she knows GOOD FOOD when she has it and wants her parents to enjoy the experience. Paisley Cafe, I was going to give you 4 stars because table side ordering should be a must at your awesome establishment, but I just couldn't do it. I had to give you the 5 stars you so deserved.   I LOOK FORWARD TO MY RETURN TO TALLAHASSEE so I can see my girl and we can enjoy another meal at Paisley Cafe. Regards.
I may have had the best meal I've had so far in Tallahassee here today.  This is an ingredient focused cafe: the simple, high quality ingredients (less than seven per item) speak for themselves; the chefs don't clobber your tastebuds by adding unnecessary flavors/sauces/reductions/additives.  It isn't quite Alice Waters esoteric (they will not just serve you one peach on a plate), but it is in that spirit. For example, today I had a tomato bisque which was essentially simmered and blended tomatoes and a touch of tupelo honey for sweetness.  I also had the edamame salad- edamame, black beans, chickpeas, and a light citrus vinagrette.  Both were outstanding. The icing on the cake was the bourbon in the pie: Knob Creek bourbon in a buttermilk pie. As one of the people in our party said, "This is the best pie I have ever had in my life."  That, dear readers, is not hyperbole. I would happily give them five stars, but then what would I have to add when they expand their service past lunch?  Fingers crossed for the addition of a beer/wine menu as well.
I went to Paisley Cafe on a beautiful sunny Saturday afternoon for brunch with my friend.  Immediately I was drawn to the rustic decor...it is just super cute!  We sat outside in the garden which was just adorable.  The lady that took our order at the counter was very welcoming and friendly.  I felt immediately comfortable in this cafe. So why am I giving this cafe 3 stars?  Here's why: 1.  The service after the order was placed was lacking.  We were sitting outside and my friend needed an extra set of silverware, but could not flag any of the waitstaff down!  The girl that brought our food out never came back to check on us (if she had, she would've learned that my friend needed new silverware).  My friend tried several times to make eye-contact with her each time she came out into the garden to bring someone food, but it was impossible.  In the end, my friend went inside and fetched the silverware herself. 2.  My food was amazing!  I ordered the eggs benedict with the sausage.  The eggs were perfectly poached; the sausage was delicious.  I tried my friend's dish, which was less exciting.  She ordered the blueberry and brie panini which was supposed to have been drizzled with maple syrup.  Sounded yummy, but it was disappointing.  The blueberries were bland; I could not taste the maple syrup on the sandwich.  It was basically a brie panini which I could have made at home.  The only redeeming part of her meal was the cheese grits...very yummy. 3.  This place is overpriced.  I paid $15 for eggs benedict and $3.23 for a cup of coffee (and the coffee was not anything to write home about)!  I was just shocked; I have always lived in major cities in the Northeast (Philly, Boston, etc) and have never paid $3.23 for a cup of coffee at a cafe!  Not an espresso or latte...this was drip coffee! Overall, cute cafe.  Overpriced.  Service was lacking.  I wish my friend had ordered some of the dishes other reviewers are raving about.
A little pricey but the food is unique and tasty
This place is perfect to take your sig. other, room mate, friend or family. It's really darling and rather hidden (back of Lucy and Leo's). I went for brunch with my room mate and couldn't help but love the cute decor, friendly staff and bottomless coffee. All items are made with 7 ingredients or less, locally sourced or flown in - to guarantee freshness that you pay for. I'm a vegetarian so I ordered the GOUDA grits with collard greens and black eyed peas- without the pancetta. Instead of  leaving room on my plate I was asked if I wanted more greens or black eye peas with no extra charge. It's a bit costly ($17 for coffee and the meal above) but absolutely worth it. The food comes out hot and delectable.
Fantastic! This place is adorable. The atmosphere is fun, casual, and yet, slightly romantic. The menu is creative and refreshing, and it was hard choosing just one item. The staff was extremely friendly. The prices are a little high (at least $10 per person), but that's to be expected at trendy little cafes such as this one.
Always a delight! Try the lobster bisque with the chicken salad press.
Wonderful lunch with an eclectic menu, friendly service, and reasonable prices.  I had the pimento cheese sandwich and it was outstanding.  The grits with Gouda was creamy and tasty and the sluty brownie was enough for 4 to share.  Definitely will come again.
The food here is made fresh and is so delicious! from the salads to the decadent desserts, you cannot go wrong for a tasty lunch or breakfast!
Went there for brunch today and it was very yummy. I like their whole concept of only good ingredients and only 7 max. We had the sampler platter and chicken & spinach Mac & cheese. No complaints - it was all delicious and the waiters are very friendly. Nice, relaxed atmosphere there. Wish I could have tried more (the dessert looks awesome)... Next time!!
Ordered the steak sandwich that comes with lobster bisque soup, and a coke.  Food was tasty, but exppppensssive!  Wow!  It came to around $25 after tip.  I can't see coming here but once in a blue moon due to the prices.
Probably one of my top 3 in Tallahassee. Paisley's owner is the absolute SWEETEST and is all about quality and clever combos. My favorite has to be the gouda grits (with APPLE BUTTER?! YES! Try it!) and the grilled cheese with tomato bisque. The absolute best tomato bisque I have ever had. I love the ideas behind the other sandwiches (apple/pear with hams and turkeys) but the two I've had the flavors almost seemed to cancel each other out. Also the slutty brownie is indeed dangerous and very slutty. The decor and atmosphere is very homey yet kind of contemporary. Staff is SO friendly and accommodating and so much fun to chat with. Unfortunately parking has often been an issue (you can park across the street where the red vans are) when I've gone and they do get rightly so JAM packed during lunch, but worth it! The jarred drinks are also a cute touch but pricey - although homemade I believe. I just wish they were open later! Try it - you won't be disappointed!
So yummy! Best food I've had in a long time. Enjoyed the Mac & Cheese w/Chili, Fig & Bacon Press, Grilled Cheese, Edamame Salad, Paisley Salad and Sweet Tea out of mason jars. Great atmosphere and attentive staff. I will be back!
This cute little cafe is located downstairs behind Lucy and Leo cafe across the street from midtown. You park out back usually and then go through the backdoor patio and into the cafe to order. You then take a number, find a table whether inside or outside, and then within minutes they bring you your food. It was lovely outside so the hubby and I decided to go eat lunch here outside on the patio. We started with what I think was a strawberry pineapple lemonade (a pink color lemonade lol) and it was refreshing. Then we shared a lobster bisque which was light but rich. For a main course we shared the shrimp and grits which was my favorite. The grits cooked correctly. The shrimps were the best part though, perfectly seasoned. Not to salty or dry. Lastly we finished our meal with the nutella bread pudding which is of course, delicious. The food here is always good and the outdoor patio makes the food even more enjoyable. The employees are very friendly and always smiling. My only complain would be that parking is hard to find and considering it was lunch time and portion sizes, slightly pricey in my opinion. But other than that, great place. I would def recommend this place to anyone visiting Tallahassee or just moved into town.
Absolutely bar none my most favorite restaurant in Tallahassee!  Kiersten Lee brings love & passion along with her staff at every experience.  I call it the hall of love when I walk in because that's how they make me feel, completely wanted & welcomed to be there!  I bring a new friend every week!  Their food truly is "love on a plate!"
Great sandwiches. Finally another Mac and cheese worth a damn.  Clusters and hops and now paisley cafe. Loved this place!
I came here again for Brunch, and I was not impressed. I got the brunch sampler platter for like 15$ and it was very little food. I'm not a stranger to fancy-food portions, but my friends and I were all underwhelmed by the size-to-price ratio of the brunch menu items. I will probably not come back for brunch again.
Incredible! After eating at Paisley Cafe once while visiting my daughter in Tallahassee, it was love at first bite!! I'm not sure what to mention first, the chicken salad, the shrimp and grits, the nutella bread pudding...oooh, yeah, the bread pudding, for sure! To top it all off, the owner cannot be a kinder, sweeter person that opened the restaurant on a Sunday to make food for my daughter's law school graduation luncheon. How often does anyone EVER hear of service like that anymore? If you are only in town for one day, make this the place for lunch! Oh! And the macaroni and cheese!! IF it's the special, you have to be there early or they'll sell out - and rightfully so! ;-D
Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. I hadn't realized it had a non-traditional serving plan (order food at counter and then it's delivered to you at the table you select as well as any drink refills you might need) but I liked it as being different. Had a great sandwich - a very good size so I didn't get any sides. It is a touch on the pricy side but the sandwiches are large. You could easily split one and a side with someone and leave full!
Probably the best food in Tallahassee. Charming, inviting atmosphere, amazing food, even the coffee is some of the best in town. Shrimp and grits, chicken salad croissant, bread pudding, mac & cheese... this place will drive me to an early, happy grave. Check it out.
Yum
Just grabbed lunch here. It's a lot bigger than you would expect. They are open just for lunch 11-3. The prices are a bit ( a dollar or so) higher than you may expect for a sandwich, but the quality is great. I had a grilled cheese that was very good. The price of key lime cake - $9.00 (HUH?!) kept me from being a glutton at lunch.
Sometimes you just want a really awesome fancy sandwich and when you do, you should go to Paisley Cafe. They had more than one option for vegetarians, which is what I liked most about this place. I decided on the Roasted Vegetable Sandwich and it was so yummy. This is a great place to get a quick (or not) gourmet lunch without feeling rushed. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. I will definitely be back!
Favorite place in Tally by far!!! Awesomely Amazing Food! Friendly people that just simply LOVE food! it's just a little pricey, but most definitely a place I like to go to treat myself! Tallahassee's best kept secrets shhhhhh....... ;)
Excellent shrimp and grits, lovely staff, and a nice outdoor seating area. Really enjoyed it.
The food was absolutely superb, and this is when they were closed for construction. Arturo the chef and Kirsten the owner really did treat us like family. If I am ever back in this area I will most definitely be back. I would drive a long way to come here.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! Wicked good food! Awesome staff!! Kiersten (spelling?) is great- she's the owner that runs the place. I had chicken salad on a croissant and it was amazing! The berry lemonade was awesome too!! I just wish the place was open longer than 4 hours a day!
Great food- everything I have here has been amazing.  The specials are good, and the food is prompt and tasty. Well done.
Great food and Southern charm!  Think deep South bistro.  The owner's warm hospitality makes you feel welcome and puts you at ease. The sandwiches are far above the average fare - the Farmhouse is made with an aged cheddar and roasted balsamic tomatoes.  Pair that with the Tomato Bisque made fresh daily and it is the ultimate comfort meal!!  Follow up with Nutella Bread Pudding or Buttermilk Pie to round out the experience.  Crazy good!
My favorite is the Grilled Cheeze and Tomato Basil Bisque!  To DIE FOR!  You really can't go wrong with anything here.  Love the locally personally owned spot.  Can't stand corporate joints...if you do too...than you need to stop for lunch!  You won't regret the choice.  The food and atmosphere are wonderful!
Great local gem - owner Kirsten is a fabulous hostess. Came in first time for the tomato bisque to go with a side of the cucumber salad -yummy! Then went again for Saturday brunch with my husband. We shared the brie and blueberry pressed Panini with a side of gouda grits. OMG -amazing! Such great flavor parings. A bit pricey but the ambiance and hospitality make it worth the price.
I have been here twice in the past week for dinner, it is that good! The lobster bisque is to die for and the shrimp and grits are amazing. They added beef stroganoff to the menu the second time I went and it was delicious. I also highly recommend the Nutella bread pudding for desert. The staff is so friendly and accommodating and the decor is lovely. I can't say enough good things about this little gem!
Absolutely amazing!  Fantastic atmosphere, excellent food, great service!
Was visiting from rainy Seattle when a friend took me there for brunch on 3/10.  Had smoked gouda grits, sausage, scones, and a delicious special tea.  Sat out in the sun on the lovely patio to enjoy them.  Told the chef that I'd like to know how she'd made the grits as they were the best I'd ever eaten and she told me when I came home to get in touch and she'd tell me.  I did.  She did!  Wow!  Big-hearted food, big-hearted people.  (The scones and sausage were delicious, too.)
