I just moved here from San Diego, CA and I am SOOO happy I found this Farmer's Market. I had doubts that I would find a year-round market. What a pleasant surprise! I love all the vendors and live music on the first floor and the prepared foods on the second. So many tasty treats! Although I miss the variety in produce found on the west coast...the raw cheeses and abundance of fresh dairy products are incredible! Plus, I am having fun learning to 'cook with the seasons' in another climate. I am looking forward to exploring the local flavors of the seasons to come!
I'm aware that we're not in a major metropolitan area demanding several entire city blocks for a farmer's market but the Troy Market is really outstanding. During the doldrums of winter the market is indoors making it possible to enjoy the fruits of the harvest even in inclement weather. Come meet the people who make it possible for us to have good, healthy, conscientious foods. There's something in every category needed for groceries at this market. Lots of fresh cheese and meats, root vegetables, eggs, wine, honey, maple syrup, jewelry, handbags, yarn, pastries, milk, butter...the list goes on and on. Combined with  an all around good feeling of connecting with local food producers. Much of the food produced comes from organic farming practices. The market is not huge but it is enough to make me come back next Saturday. According to their website there are about 50 vendors that make up the Troy Market. On the day we went I guess there were about 30 different vendors. There's nothing like a dozen fresh eggs with the enticing orange yolks that you just can't find inside the eggs of a commercially-raised, caged-up, garbage-eating chicken. And the fancy organic eggs are cheaper here than in my nearby chain grocery store. We indulged in a croissant, a french baguette and a tub of "Buddhapesto" which was amazing. There's a bookstore inside the atrium that is open during the market hours. Great selection of used books. The cookbook section is a siren song! The Uncle Sam Atrium is in a neighborhood worth checking out. Between the market and the nearby coffee shops and bakeries it makes for a delightful morning outing. Parking on the street is free and there's also a nearby garage that is free on the weekends too. Also, one does not need to heed the 2-hour parking rules on the weekend!  Thanks Troy!
I can't believe I've overlooked this in my reviews. If Gumear's farm hadn't retired it would definitely be a 5 star review, but I really do get his need for retirement.  My sister who comes from NYC and swears by Union Square thought this was cool (I've been to both and give me troy any day of the week). They've got vegies, pasta, beer, fruit, wine, soap, and you can even stop off for a massage with the fabulous Eleanor if you have the time. And Puckerman is there with his outstanding habenero pepper pickles.
always fun !! the market moved inside Recently which is nice but changes the feel, it; s a little claustrophobic at times and some of the more popular stands don't get the opportunity to tell you about what they are selling. Top notch cheese selections from multiple venders backed goods are also a star here seems oversized cookies and brownies are everywhere, some get a little pricy but... seasonal veggies always look good with many venders to choose from, new people and items show up every week so it is always an adventure.  Go early the prepared food runs low as the day goes on.
This has the biggest selection of fresh goods in the area.  I have been to a few farmers markets throughout the 518 area and this place a great variety of food.  So much fresh produce, and for salad lovers, you're in heaven.  Regardless of the winter, this market has some of the tastiest mesculin mixes and spinach around, carrots are sweeter, and the onions give that richness raw or cooked.  Some local restaurants and bakeries bring in samples of their food and it inspires us foodies to go out and venture more.  The vendors there were so friendly and kind.  This is definitely a must experience adventure for those who want to eat better and experience what the true natural taste of food.
Troy is one of the countless small towns that had a booming industrial heyday back in the 1950's, only to have it wither into to a decrepit pile near the turn of the century. For a while there, neglected downtown areas, along with obsolete factories and warehouses, pretty much ruined the landscape. However, hats off to the city of Troy for trying to turn it around! With the Troy Market they've really made a cool area destination for anyone who appreciates good food and drink. I was really quite impressed with all the vendors in the market. They had heaps of meats, cheeses, wines, fruit/veg, etc and everything seemed to be locally made/grown. From the few things we tried, everything seemed to be good to excellent quality. Hopefully, the Town of Troy can keep this market going and use it as a foundation to further improve the area.
After years of wanting to try the farmers market out, I was finally able to go. Great selections of produce, even meats. Prices were a little high on things, but at least you know who and where you're getting it from! Was able to get some freshly juiced veggie juice, baked bread, and organic veggies. So far we ate the Swiss chard I got and it was amazing. Going to make more of an effort to come here on Saturdays. Prices were reasonable on some stuff. Organic Baby Buck Choy - $3 Organic Swiss Chard - $3 Non GMO Fresh Corn $.50 an ear Loaf of Italian Bread - $4 Also saw stands with peanut butter, marshmallows, honey, eggs, coffee, and dairy products. And of course hot food ready to eat. Can get busy so try and get there early. They also had free water! Some stands did except credit cards.
I may be bias but I deem this farmers market the best on in the capital region.  It is especially spectacular in the spring/summer and early fall when its on the riverfront and out in the fresh air, I love this market because you can truly spend your day getting delightful yummies either to stay or to go :) with plenty of breakfast and coffee  options or lunch options sitting around monument square listening to music is where you truly see Troy shine.  The music doesn't stop when the weather is cold-- when it moves into the atrium you can still enjoy your local veggie treats all year round.  No cash, No worries, you are able to go to the booth in the front and get farmers market chips to use as cash thru out the market--- best part of all they participate in the  WIC and Senior Farmers Market Programs too!! go here go here NOW!
A great farmer's market in one of the most scenic parts of Troy. Lots of vendors of all kinds, to satisfy all tastes. Would have liked to see more certified organic veggies/fruits.  I hear in the wintertime they move it indoors, in the Uncle Sam Atrium, so a great year-round venue. Check it out!
This was such a cute little market! Definitely walk around the whole thing (it was too small for my liking) and try all the cheese stands.   We walked away and bought a fresh peanut butter with Thai sesame seeds. Definitely really packed and not very clean but overall very good quality products!
It would be hard to imagine how the few hours we spent strolling the streets of downtown Troy enjoying the Troy Market could have been better. The market has moved from its old location on the riverfront to a new home smack dab in the central business district. The move worked beautifully. The streets are closed resulting in a huge pedestrian mall with vendors and booths on both sides of the street. Produce, pasta, honey, flowers, plants, soaps, candles, meats and fish, specialty items, wines, beers, cheese, and of course the food booths and vendors reflecting every ethnic cuisine under God's green earth. We bought three kinds of pasta from Flour City Pasta, a bag of granola, some squash, a jar of spice rub, etc. It was a real fun day in a very nice setting.
Out of all the farmer's markets I've been to in the Albany area, the Troy Waterfront Farmer's Market is my favorite. Even though there are a lot of vendors, what I like is the sense of community you feel once you make your way inside. There is a good amount of diversity and competition in terms of purchasing options as well. If you're going in the morning, I recommend waiting to have breakfast/brunch until you get there. Several food stations, including Spill'n the Beans, Thunder Mountain Curry, Beirut, First Choice Caribbean and Nighthawk's Kitchen (my personal fave - get yourself a Scary Gary on a sweet potato biscuit) are there serving up some fantastic food. The only thing I dislike? That damn Dream Puff marshmallow vendor. His delicious marshmallows are out to ruin my waistline (as though the Scary Gary wasn't enough). Once you're done browsing the great selection of fresh veggies, handmade soaps and local meats, head over to the waterfront for a leisurely stroll. It's my favorite way to spend a Saturday morning.
I went to the summer market on the riverfront, and was nonplussed.  But today, we ventured forth into the winter location, and I was very happy indeed. Maybe I have been here long enough to forget the Berkeley Farmer's Market.  But there were lots of good local organic veggies for my winter cooking.  Including bio-dynamic apples, which I am especially excited about. Also, Mrs. London's bakery has a stall here, and at 10a when the market opened, there was a line from their table that stretched two tables down.  AND they were located way off the beaten path.  Regrettably, I did not know Mrs. London would be there, and had my morning pastry elsewhere.  Next time, Mrs. London.  Next time. Everything looked great.  Including the organic greens.  I hate washing greens though, so I stayed more towards the root vegetables.  And tonight we had a simple seasonal supper of fried sage leaves, roasted butternut squash and whole wheat pasta.  I am gonna go and eat one of my apples right now. Thank you Troy!
Please note that I'm no expert on farmers markets; I believe this is the first I've been to.  So if you want to take my five stars with a grain of salt, my feelings won't be hurt.  But I find it hard to believe that it could get much better than this.  The sights, the smells, the flavors, the sounds... I can't believe I waited so long to check it out.   Live music plays as you peruse the numerous vendors selling a large variety of local products, many offering free samples to lure you in.  The wares include freshly baked breads, pastries, pies, candies, grass fed meats, poultry, eggs, seafood, fresh produce of many kinds, local honey and maple syrup, cheeses, spreads, jams, sauces, peanut butter, pickles, garlic products, granola, wine, fair trade tea and coffee... and the list goes on.  Not to mention the non-edible items, such as yarn, crafts, beeswax candles, art, soaps, lotions, and more.  Plus they have some catering and tables set up on the second level so you can grab yourself a hot meal for lunch. They also offer informal seminars with topics such as "Why Eat Organic?" and "What is a CSA?", which I think is awesome for those who may be uninformed or new to the Market scene. The one downside?  I only wish the hours were longer.   Here are the links to a few of my reviews for products I've purchased here, in case you're interested in more specifics: Dutch Desserts - yelp.com/biz/dutch-desse… Sweet Tree Farm - yelp.com/biz/sweet-tree-… Pixies Preserves - yelp.com/biz/pixies-pres… In conclusion, this market is pretty kickass.  Come here soon, and make it snappy.  Don't put it off like I did.
Loved our visit to the market in downtown Tory. Great cheeses. Lovely baked goods including scrumptuous croissants. Lots of produce and other offerings. There's also a good froyo place in the area and a terrific bookstore as well. Great mushroom stand. Lots of apples (we went in fall) and a festive atmosphere. The architecture around the area is beautiful and worth a walk-around. The merchants were friendly. We heard great things about Nighthawk's burgers, but they weren't there when we went. Looking forward to our next visit.
I'm a frugal gal, but there are some shops worth paying extra for. I totally love the idea of supporting local, but sometimes the prices can be a little crazy. Here are a few affordable gems: Sweet Tree Farms: chicken, pork, and beef products. Very friendly people, too. They take checks, and have a website. Prices are fair for the product. Not super cheap, but thankfully I'm a gal who likes rougher (cheaper) cuts of meat over T-Bones. Mrs. Londons - crispy, crackly, buttery, delicious croissants. Sure, they're about $2 each, but they are the best croissants in the area south of Montreal. Cornell Farms - tasty veggies. Good stuff. Denison Farms - I think they offer a good bang for the veggie buck. I've always been happy with the quality of their vegetable produce, and they have a very long shelf-life because they are picked so freshly. This is my go-to veggie stand at the farmers market. Apples! Apples are really affordable here! So tasty! Honey crisp, crispin, golden delicious. A satisfying fruit available year-round. There are also some ready-to-eat food and craft vendors, too. They can rotate sometimes, but if Magdalena's is there, get yourself some AWESOME Mexican food. It's the best I've had in the area, hands down. And you can park in the garage. It's, like, not even a block away from the market (whether indoor or outdoor), and super-duper easier than parking on the street.
I absolutely love the Troy Farmer's Market.  I get so mad at myself when I oversleep or have to do something on Saturday mornings and miss it.  I have to say I love it just as much inside as I do when it is outside.  It's pretty awesome that they even have an indoor market for the colder months.   The Farmer's Market has a bunch of different vendors, and sometimes they even have "special weeks" like when they have tons of cheeses, etc.  There is really something for everybody here.  Tons of fresh local produce, free range meats, cheeses, salsa, humus, vegan treats, dairy (Battenkill!!), bakery goods, art, syrup, soaps/lotions, and a lot of food vendors that serve really awesome food (my favorite being NightHawk's Kitchen--check them out!).  Most of the vendors have samples which makes it fun to go around and try new things. I also agree with Colleen that some of the stuff can be pricey, but they often have deals or will talk with you about the price and offer you a discount if you purchase a bunch of stuff.  The food vendors are pretty cheap though in my opinion.   There is also live music every week which is nice as you make your way around :) I think my only gripe is that they aren't open later.  Some Saturdays I just can't get out of bed and then I kick myself for missing it!
This is not about the market, but about one of the people there. Tom Winslow plays the guitar there and he is an old style upstate New York folk musician. Value cannot be expressed in dollars or dimes. Somethings have value because of what they are and there is no copying Mr. Winslow.  There will never be another like him.  He tells stores about our area, with the voice of our area. Done with a style the that is honed with the water and soil of upstate New York. He is standing alone in his field right now. Everybody under the sun has a tip cup out for just doing their job. Mr. Winslow's tip cup is there for making our lives more interesting. He has feeling and texture in his voice that expresses what real blues is like. His songs are about us, about being human. He is like a living Shakespeare for our time and area. Friends, if you happen to be at the market in Troy, and you may see an old blues man with a guitar. Give him he time of day. You'll be better off for it. He is a gem, and as part of the blues you get the feeling that this gem is not made of stone.  This gem is animated by a light that cannot burn forever. By the way, he is a nationally renowned musician with hit songs from the 60's.   en.wikipedia.org/wiki/To… Here is a song houndbite.com/?houndbite… The market kicks ass.
Hands down the best farmer's market I've been to. The summer market is now at Riverfront Park overlooking the Hudson River and Green Island. The new space is much better than the parking lot next to Brown's Brewing, which was always cramped. On top of people selling produce, jams, pesto, bread, snacks, cheese, wine, soaps, meat and other crafts or food items, there's usually lots of people selling plants, both ornamental and edible. There are also an array of food vendors selling hot meals. The winter market is held in the Troy Atrium, and really brings new life to that dreary, drab building on Saturday mornings. The downstairs area is mostly produce and food, and upstairs has food vendors and crafts, as well as some jams. Moving to Boston made me realize how spoiled I was with a year-round farmers' market, and Troy really has a wonderful thing going for it.
I really enjoy going to farmers' markets and this is definitely my favorite one locally. It's also one of the biggest, with plenty of local, organic fruits and veggies, eggs, locally made sauces, cheeses, wines, baked goods, and grass-fed meats. I especially love the stand with the bantam rooster, who always sits on his perch calmly. They also have some great vendors who sell ready-made food if you want to have lunch at the market.  Fair-trade coffee and tea are available for one dollar a cup, and there is typically entertainment of some description during the summer. During winter, there's also a used book store amongst other things. I used to bring my dog too, which was a nice outing for him, but as of last year, that was prohibited.
Over the years it has become gentrified, but I still like it. I appreciate our local organic farmers, artisans, and crafters and do what I can to support them. Denison's is my favorite stand followed closely by Sweet Tree Farms (grass fed/organic meats). A lot of the farmers were really wiped out by storm Irene, so whatever you can do to help support local farmers for the rest of the 2011 summer season please do (I mean we're talking entire crops of corn, kale, and other veggies, GONE). I love the entertainment. I LOVE that they have moved it up to Monument Square. It makes more sense to me. (That square was used in olden times for this exact purpose and it actually helps to highlight the businesses located nearby better by being up there). I love that they set up a street cafe in the square. I love the food vendors who serve it up fresh and made for you. The organizers of the market sell special coins that can save you a few quid. Some of it is really pricey, but if you know how to time it, some times the vendors will bargain with you, but the prices are comparable or less than Honest Weight Food Co-op and Pioneer Market. I don't like that a ton of people drive from the 'burbs to the market, which defeats the environmentally conscious aspect of it (I always walk to it, even in the rain and even in the winter when its in the Atrium; it is one of my few green initiatives).
This is my favorite Saturday morning activity. You can find me there pretty much every Saturday. I'm so excited for the new Wednesday one! I can't say much that hasn't already been said.    Fruits, veggies and treats galore!   It's one of the many reasons I fell in love with troy. What I really wanted to talk about is Magdalena's Menu. This is as close as it gets to the cheap, fast and delicious mexican food I grew up with.   They have raised the prices a little bit in the past year but I'm sure it was needed.   I highly recommend the tamales(check the picture) and I've been told the chicken burritos are amazing. They have gone MIA the past 2 winters for a month or 2 but they are BACK. When they are gone, I usually go for the First Choice Caribbean buffet. Come, bring your friends, family and an empty stomach.
I don't know if it's the quality of the food, or the quality of the folk that I like here. Me and my partner showed up today for our first try. I have to admit, I kinda love this place. No it's not the Greenmarket in Union Square or the farmers market in Ojai, Ca. But it's damn good. I got cream, a cinnamon roll, a loaf of bread, breakfast sausage, a stalk of brussels sprouts and 2 cups of coffee for less than 20 bucks. But I left with a better vibe.  Peace!
The Troy Riverfront Farmers Market is one of my favorite things about summer, and the indoor Troy Winter Market  is one of the few things that make the winter bearable for me.  Any visit on a gray morning in January will brighten my whole weekend.  As the previous reviewer already attested to, there is a wide variety of local, winter vegetables and apples available for your enjoyment.  Don't miss the bakeries, natural peanut butter, or goat cheese.     There used to be a stand called Thunder Mountain Curry that served up hot and delicious curries.  I haven't seen them the past few times I've been this winter, though.   The blues guitarist, Tom Griffin Winslow, is still a regular in the winter market too.
Just a great farmers market. The right mix of vendors a great location with ample parking. So much local farm fresh food it's like a culinary play land. Favorite vendors (most of which have there own reviews)- Pika's waffles Pura Vida Fisheries Nighthawks Thunder Mtn Curry Various Farms
We go for the atmosphere prices and to support the local economy. One of the things you should definitely do if you're in the Troy area on a Saturday. We go there every now and then, but not regularly, but the food is okay, actually good ! Love the free samples they're always good.!! Support the farmers market they have a good thing going.!!!
THE BEST European-like pastries ever come to the farmer's market in tupperware bins from MRS. LONDON's of Saratoga. We are so lucky. You won't be lured in by big colorful signs, because I don't believe there are any, but look for a booth with pastries and perhaps the plastic bins, and a physically fit older man with silvery gray hair. "They don't cost too much; they're not too sweet--over all they can't be beat!" -Me As for the rest of the market, I get my eggs from Cornell Farm (medium=$2.75, lg=3.00 and who needs a jumbo egg, anyway), which has great produce especially in the summer months, and there are definitely good buys at many booths, if you are careful, otherwise you could walk away looking nifty with your wicker basket and feeling like you just spent way too much money for food and hopefully some good will come of it.
The market is outdoors now. It's possibly the best I've ever been to. Whets my appetite to see a bigger market in New York State. I want to check out the Syracuse market now.
I love this market. Monica does a super job running it! In the summer it is overflowing with a variety of produce. In the winter it gets a little tough. I wish more local farmers did indoor hydroponic or green-housing. In the winter you can still usually find apple and greens and root vegetables, as well as eggs, cheese, meats, and breads, etc. The only gripe I have is that although the hot food vendors sell delicious well-priced foods...most of it is not local and made from the corporate crap I'm trying to avoid (e.g. Auschwitz slaughterhouse meat, pasteurized dairy/cheese, possibly GMO produce, etc). Molly's and Pika's try to incorporate some local and organic products. The rest are still better then MacDonalds but it can be misleading to newcomers who come to a local farmers market and think everything (including the hot food)  is local and organic (or low spray). There is ample and safe parking in the big garage right across the street. If only there was a way to get away from having to use so many plastic bags and it kind of defeats the purpose to take the hot food home and have so many plastics there as well. But there isn't an easy solution. Best would be if people were able to grow a significant amount of their own produce and used the local farmer's market to supplement (less bags) but times have changed now. People are very good about using cloth totes (and coolers) but it's still easier to get the moist produce in plastic bags. When I store mine I blow air into them and twist and seal them with a clothesline pin to keep a micro-climate so the produce lasts a little longer. Sometime I throw in a white paper towel to help absorb moisture and hope i doesn't have too many chemicals. I talked to some old foagies what did they do in the old days to get away from BPA (or BPA substitute plastics) and spoilage: i was told they either didn't buy salads or they had a vendor down the street and could buy it throughout the week or they grew their own and picked it when needed. Farmer's markets are great but many of us lost growing our own food or having people just down the street do it. This has added to a growing plastic bad problem. hopefully some of us can get back into that and to those who already do, God bless ya! Another great thing is they take credit cards and give $5 wooden tokens you can get change with and they also take food stamps and give $1 wooden tokens they don't give change to. So if your order is $5.55. Then you can give 5 !1 tokens and 55 cents or a $1 bill and get change for that I heard. Lastly the market runs on Saturdays 9a-1p year round and in the summer, on Wednesdays 3p-6p too. Look to their website for more info.
Great little market. Awesome new location. Nice way to spend a Saturday morning even if you don't buy anything.
go to saratoga peanut butter stand...you will not be disappointed. A little pricey, but definitely worth it. finally figured out the bread place i love...placid baker...love it. second time i've gotten bread and again it's crusty, tasty, light, and addicting. Also much more affordably priced than the other bread places.
