I had heard a lot about this place and was disappointed when I first pulled up because I was expecting more.  However, by the time I left I understood what all the hype was about.  Everything was great and the best duck I have ever had!
I have to agree with most of the reviews here.  Some of the freshest and tastiest food you will ever find.  A great place.
Amazing appetizers and dinner was equally as delicious!!!! Don't miss out on this gem!
Unusual menu items. Had the snapper.  Extremely good!!! My wife had the seared Tuna. Also exceptional!!! Only complaint is no liquor just beer and wine.
Had the best afternoon brunch here At Kool Beanz Cafe.  My shrimp and grits were excellent.  Susannah Frick alway helps me when I go and I love her advice on the best dish.  Which one is the best dish?  Every dish on the menu.  You can't go wrong at Kool Beanz.
Excellent and diverse menu with a great number of options that are both healthy and very creative. A great stop in July at the beginning of the book tour!
Love this place...great, unique, fresh southern fusion!
Great little eclectic cafe near downtown Tallahassee!  And if you're a black beans and rice and plantain lover, this will be well worth the trip.  The menu has nice Caribbean influences and tons of seafood options to chose from.  On my visit, my dad and I split wahoo with rice, beans, and plantains and the pork chop with coffee gravy, beans, and sweet potato wedges.  We also got a side of the cheddar grits because who can refuse ooey gooey delicious grits?   Of the two entrees, the wahoo was clearly stellar.  I've never had this fish before and it was perfectly cooked.  The accompanying rice and beans and plantains were excellent with it.  While the components of the pork chop were quite tasty, I would've preferred a bone-in chop because the meat was unevenly cooked and moist in some parts and pretty dry in others.  Having the bone in would have probably rectified some of the dryness.  The beans, sweet potatoes, and gravy were top notch. In fact, I wish there was more of the gravy! This place also has a great beer and wine selection.  My dad had a couple of the gluten free MIssion beers and I had a nice Cava split.  Our check (three drinks, two entrees, and a side) was only around $40--a great value for a nicely executed meal.  Lastly, service was great.  Our server (alas, cannot remember his name) was super knowledgeable, patient, and had the knack of being around right when you needed him.
This is one of my favorite restaurants. I've eaten in a lot of places all around the world, but Kool Beanz feels like home to me and is my go to when I need a tip top meal. Usually about half the menu shifts while half the menu stays relatively the same.  KBC is always looking for new ways to combine southern cooking with the techniques and themes of modern American cuisine. Their desserts are usually very good as well. The atmosphere (other than the obnoxious paintings of animals on the walls...I'm just not a fan) is comfortable and loud, making it an ideal place to get together with friends to pop a cork and share stories.
Usually on point. But tonight was a little off; possibly new cooks had something to do it.
Nice paintings. I hope they recycle all the paper they wasted.
Victory beer! Chilled salad plate Casual vibe. Loud Good bread. Informed Waitress. Excellent food --delivered hot. Would go again if in Tallahassee!
I stopped in for lunch for my first time back after a 4 year hiatus and Kool Beanz can still sling it.  I had the snapper with an orange habanero sauce served with fried okra & red beans and rice.  Spicy & Delish!  The menu constantly changes so its also a great spot for the food explorer.  The wait staff was attentive & the value was outstanding.  The bar overlooks the kitchen so you can watch the chef's practice their craft if you are so inclined.  When in Tallahassee, this should be a spot on your bucket list!
I have eaten here numerous times, always thoroughly enjoyed it. One of Tallahassee's best.....
This place is about average in price and do give you well sized portions. Everyday it has a new fresh menu, with so many items, it generally takes a minute to choose. I've never had anything bad here. The place is usually packed though unless you get there at the right time. The staff are great and definitely helpful when it comes to figuring out what to order.
Lunch with my friend this afternoon could not have been much better. We each had very different dishes and were well pleased. The woman who coached us through the menu and served us with Grace was a delightful treat. Be back. Noisy room.
Awesome food! Great Staff! The new porch means you don't have to wait as long for the amazing food!
Orgasmic, sublime, moan worthy, smack my ass, eyes rolling behind head ... I contemplated going behind the bar and kissing the cooks (forehead and hands)! By far the best meal I've ever had out! OMG! I got the Feta crusted grouper. Cooked to perfection, perfect flaky white pieces of deliciousness, the lentils on the plate were divine (I made sure I ate every last one), potatoes, cucumber/tomato salad & green beans were more than just a side! My husband had the Peppered Flank Steak and there wasn't a morsel left on his plate! Citrus Basil Creme Brûlée ... Mamas getting lucky tonight, good! Good Lord, we could eat ourself sick here! I am beyond thrilled and most definitely will be back! Service is as exceptional as the food, too!
A little bit of a wait, but the food would be amazing in Vancouver, NYC, San Fran or  yes, Tallhasse. it was a benefit that it's near Florida State and Sorority row. There were a bunch of yonng women walking in and aorund getting hammered in low cut dresses in never a fail, which added to the romantic ambiance The waitress asked if I wasn't from around here as I asked what black eyed peas and grits were that came with the Tobasco fried chicken and yet I know what pork tenderloin scallopini was.. Fried Gulf Oysters with Cheese Grits and Remolade were amazing I wish I had tried the frogs legs the Strawberry Mergingue pie was also a must have if they have it on the menu They had some Crawdad lingunini which looked awesome and a creative replacment for linguini with clams
My most favorite place to eat!! LOVE the food!!
If you want to impress someone visiting Tallahassee this is it! Casual, fun , divine food. I can't believe how much diverse food the chefs turn out of their postage-stamp kitchen. If you're alone, sit at the counter and be amazed at the kitchen choreography. I do think bread & butter ought to be included with entrees but that's just a quibble. I have nothing but nice things to say about the many meals I've eaten here. And if you don't like something on the plate, don't hesitate to ask for a substitution - no attitude here!
A unique Key West feel restaurant in the heart of the capital of Florida. When I first stepped foot into this restaurant I immediately noticed the colorful artwork and the unique method of showing the menu (clipboard). I knew it could not disappoint. I had the pulled pork with guava BBQ sauce over a sweet potato pecan pancake. It was delicious to the very last bite. I just wish the portions were a little larger, but definitely will be coming back.
Tried many times to eat there, never catch them open....EXTEND HOURS PLEASE.  But I have heard good things if you can get in.
Went here for lunch while in town for business. Saw the great reviews, so decided to try it out. Ordered the salmon and it was okay. Small portion. Had an interesting tomato sauce on it. Service was friendly and the price was alright. I'm sure they do other things better, but I didn't see what the hype was about.
I went here for lunch with a friend, and was pretty surprised by the large and creative punishment new. For the quality of food, the prices really aren't that bad. I think the average price was $10-$16. I had the seared ahi tuna, which was pretty good, and cooked really well. The portion was a little bit small, but still very acceptable for the price and for a lunch portion. I will definitely come back, but probably for dinner rather than lunch
I've gone here a few times and the food has been hit or miss. Mostly miss. All of the dishes sound wildly exciting on paper, but the menu descriptions don't usually match the actual food that arrives at my table, which is invariably more conventional and bland than I'm expecting. Presentation is also poor. Things are just thrown onto the plate together without regard to aesthetic considerations. Service is good enough. Wine list is very limited. Walls are decorated with bright, garish paintings of dogs. Not a terrible restaurant, but not a good one, either. Overrated and overpriced. Their cakes are good, though. I'll give them that.
My fiancée and I were in town and decided to come here based on the awesome reviews. We came for Sunday brunch and it was amazing! I had the lobster Mac n cheese (which was absolutely to die for) and he had something similar to a huevos rancheros... Equally delicious. The service was spectacular and we loved the environment. Lots of cool local artwork and a bright, cheery colors everywhere. We'll definitely be coming back!
I'd like to give this place 5star. +++! Great tasting food , great price , great service ! I came in here for the duck but it was not being served during lunch  , however I was able to mix and match to make my own combination  and ........ What a delight. ! The red beans and cilantro rice with fish and veggie was awesome ! If I knew about this place sooner I would have eaten here all week while I was visiting. I will have to return .........
Meh. Food looked great! I took a picture and posted it on facebook before I tried it. I had steak and scallops with mashed potatoes and asparagus. The steak was overcooked and clearly cooked/finished off in the oven (I asked for medium rare) and the scallops were not very well cleaned, had some sand crunching under my teeth. Mashed potatoes had a consistency of a food processor mashed potatoes, not very pleasant. Everything was a little salty too. Not coming back.
Hands down the best place in Tallahassee. The quality and presentation of their meals are impeccable! Atmosphere gets a 10. Local art everywhere and wonderful service to boot. Great place for a date or a fun time out with close friends.
6 Star's if they had such a thing!!!!!  My buddy and I are only in town for a couple days and this was the first place we stopped for a meal.....LET ME TELL YOU, THIS PLACE SMOKE'N!!!!!!   I had the scallops w the grits on the lunch menu, my buddy opted for the fried chicken.   Mine came out and there was about 6 scallops all grilled to perfection!!!   The grits were great as well!   The presentation even kicked ass!!!   They had on top it was almost like spinich that they left on the grill too long, it looked burnt.   It was SLAMMING!!!!   My buddies chicken was perfection.  His side's included out of this world collards and Mac n Cheese!!!   Each dish was very well proportioned and about half way through the waiter gave us some of their homemade hot sauce, which we both doused on our food.   Now it was like a whole other meal!!!!    Their hot sauce should be bottled it's so damn good!!!!!  Wow!!!!   My buddy and I are talking about going back tonight for dinner!!!!  Stay tuned..... Okay, sure enough, WE WENT BACK FOR DINNER! I set a new record for myself.  I have yet to eat at the same place twice in 1 day, especially when I'm out of town and there's a lot of other places to try!!!  Do you get it?  This place is that AMAZING!!!   I don't know what it is.  Maybe it's the homemade salad dressing or hot sauce.   Or maybe it's just this place is in a league all of their own.   Tonight, my buddy had the scallops this time but they were prepared different from when I had them earlier.   These chefs have mastered the art of grilling a scallop to perfection that's all I'm gonna say... I on the other hand had the grouper.  Again it was perfection.   I'm including pictures of our appetizers and the menu so you can see all the extras they throw in.  Too much for me to type!  Also, pay attention to the prices!!!!   We are in town 1 more day, and yes we're already planning to go back!
My sister lives in Tallahassee, and a trip to Kool Beanz is a requirement of my visits. I absolutely LOVE to sit at the bar and watch the chefs cook, they are incredibly talented. I've tasted the cobia, shrimp, scallops, grouper, flank steak, and a few of the salads.  Each dish has been cooked just right, and the accompaniments are perfect (the beans, dirty rice, and fried okra are my favorite sides!)  They also have a decent selection of wines for under $30 a bottle. Come for lunch and the prices are nearly cut in half!
Very Creative and Original. At first I thought it was a little pricey but when you see the size of the portions -- I don't see how they are making a profit. The Buffalo Fried Gator Tail is delicious. The dining experience is awesome. The only thing that kept them from getting 5 Stars was the bumbling idiot who was seating everybody. He really messed up but the manager was very apologetic.
Happened to drive by this spot en route to hotel and gave it a shot last week while through town.  Terrific.   Did an assortment of the appetizers and was especially impressed with the gnocchi. Ended up sitting on the patio during a cool, damp evening which did not give off the great vibes from in the restaurant, but when I return, I'll Be Back.
My coworkers and I finally got around to visiting this restaurant for lunch and we wondered what had taken us so long.  We sat out on the patio and enjoyed the great Fall weather.  Service was friendly and expert at their tasks. The menu changes a lot, based upon seasonal specials.  Suffice it to say that there is such a wide selection of meat and veggie options, with creative sides, that you could eat here for a week or more and always have tasty options to choose from.  Fantastic!  The pork belly was my favorite! Since it was lunch, we didn't get to try their very intriguing (and affordable) wine list.  Maybe next time for dinner!
Kool Beanz is very eclectic; the walls are a colorful backdrop for local artists to hang their work.  It's almost always crowded, and people always seem to be having a great time.  They have a small but serviceable wine list that is printed as a label on an empty wine bottle, and their beer selections are listed the same way on an an empty beer bottle.  The menu changes daily to take advantage of fresh, seasonal ingredients.  If you want to watch your food being made, you can take a seat at the small bar right next to the kitchen. Sometimes, the restaurant is so crowded, sitting at the bar might be your only option.  The restaurant is small, so come prepared to wait a while if you visit during high-traffic time periods.  I dropped in at 1:00pm on a Friday afternoon, and I didn't have to wait at all for a table. I started off with a salad with heirloom tomatoes, eggs, and a lemon-feta vinaigrette.  The dressing was super tangy, and I loved the home-made croutons.  My only complaint: I wish there were a few more heirloom tomatoes. Those that I did get were delicious, juicy, and ripe, but there were so few that they didn't even begin to satisfy. My entrée was a panéed chicken breast with fried eggplant, fresh mozzarella, and a stewed tomato jam.  The combination of flavors was interesting; at first I thought the stewed tomato jam was a bit too sweet, but the more I ate, the more I liked it.  In fact, everything on the plate tasted better smothered in the jam.  I only wished that they had sprinkled the fried eggplant with a little salt when it came out of the pan.  For dessert, I had  key lime pie with orange liquer marinated strawberries. It was a beautifully presented, individual tart. The filling was super smooth and creamy, and the strawberries were a nice accompaniment. Light and refreshing; a great way to end a great meal. Final Impressions: Delicious food, and impeccable service in a casual atmosphere.  Oh yeah, and spring the extra dollar for the bread and butter basket. It's addictive.  I wouldn't go to Kool Beanz Cafe for a romantic date night only because it's small, crowded, and can get a bit loud. But, if you're hanging out with a few friends and looking for good food and a good time, it's a great place to go.
Great food. Casual atmosphere but great for date night. Lunch is the deal though... Quality without the cost.
I've eaten here a lot over the years but just now reviewing. I have never had a bad meal or experience here. The first time I ever ate here we sat at the bar and watched them cook, that was fun! I love the atmosphere! The wine is good, their bread is to die for and service is friendly!
First, the price designation is barely at $$$ - most of the entrees are right at the $20 mark, and the portions are probably worth far more than that. This place cares about food more than 80% of places I eat at. The atmosphere is by no means fancy, it is a fun and down-to-earth experience where the only thing that matters is a meal prepared with love, creativity and fresh ingredients. The only time I wouldn't recommend this place is for a very special occasion where one would want a more formal atmosphere - other than that, the price, food, and service are all fantastic.
Sunday Brunch was amazing, as always. Lobster mac'n cheese; yum. Scallops with succotash; yum. Fried green tomatoes with lemon aoli; super yum. The menu changes all the time- but it helps that the changes are based on incorporating seasonal items into the menu, in turn taking food quality and taste up a notch. Oh- and despite yelp's need to insist they're closed on Sunday, they serve brunch on Sunday!
I should write a long review for Kool Beanz Café, I really should. But somehow, I just can't seem to drum up enough enthusiasm to go into too much detail. And that, my dear readers, should tell you all you need to know. But since we all know I can't stop at that, let's go through it in more detail. To be fair, there isn't anything wrong with KBC and it is likely one of the better places we ate while in Tallahassee (although since our diet consisted primarily of 5 guys and Whataburger, that isn't a hard title to get). I think I was a bit put off from the start as we were offered a table outside or asked to wait. That's fine normally, but when your waiting area is a drafty half sealed plastic tent with only a couple of space heaters, it damn well sucks. I wish we could have waited in the car, but then we would have lost our place in line. I'll give them credit for being quite friendly and offering to bring us a drink from the bar if we wished to order something while we waited. We were seated after about 30-40 minutes and our waitress was lovely, engaging in some friendly banter and happy to offer recommendations for both food and beer. We proceeded to order a selection of starters and mains to share (sharing is caring after all) and dug in. For the starters, we opted for crab cakes, frog legs, and one other dish which has since fled from the working parts of my memory but may have been pardon peppers (or some equivalent). The crab cakes were tasty and quite a sizeable portion with a bold full flavoured dip. The frog legs, however, were definitely not to my taste. Now, not having had said legs before, I can't comment if it was the way they were seasoned and cooked or an inherent flaw in frog, but they tasted like overripe chicken. I know that's not quite an accurate phrase, but think of a chicken leg that has turned and leaves you with a cloying taste after each bite. Yeah, it's not good is it? Mains were memorable only in their mediocrity. I found the food underseasoned and (in the case of the quail) overcooked. The pork chops were probably the best bit but even those were left unfinished. We passed on desserts, being full on beer and ready for a night out, so I can't comment on those either. Perhaps one day I'll be back this way and will give KBC another go. You never know, right?
It has been a while since i was in Tallahassee and enjoyed Kool Beanz.   I remember when it opened and we feared it was a gimmicky, fad place.  We finally got there after hearing great word of mouth and were well pleased with the food and service.  Some unique and standard dishes done with flair....and from recent reviews it seems that has been sustained (duck with brussels spouts)....also recall the wonderful cheese grits and other Southern sides done so well. Hope to try again on a trip.
Great food, excellent service and an ever-changing menu make Kool Beanz a great local spot. We had the frog legs for our appetizer and the preparation was spicy but the taste was so good, we couldn't stop eating them. Both entrees were delicious and more than enough for leftovers.
The food here is absolutely phenomenal. I heard great things about the place, but didn't actually try it until my senior year, which I regret dearly. The menu consists of items you didn't even know you wanted and won't regret trying. I just wish the venue was bigger so there wouldn't be a line! Five stars all the way!
Great service, great food. Great place to take friends and family when visiting.
I don't give a lot of 5 star ratings. One of the best meals I have had in recent memory has certainly earned that rating for Kool Beanz Cafe. The menu (which I understand changes regularly) was fascinating, with a amazing choice of seafood, chicken, pasta, lamb and beef. I asked the server for recommendations, and I wasn't disappointed. I started with a browned gnocchi for an appetizer, and it was wonderful. My entree was a duck breast with Brussels sprouts, sweet potato and black eyed peas. Very rustic, very hearty. The flavors blended and complimented one another perfectly.   My server recommended a good cabernet, and it was an excellent match. I honestly cannot say I have had a better meal in years. The place was fairly crowded, even on a Monday night. Nevertheless, I was seated with almost no wait, even as a single, and the service speed was fine. The decor is young person hipster, and it fits perfectly. I was surprised at the prices; for this quality of food, I would have expected higher prices. My only regret is that I do not travel to Tallahassee on business more often. I will go back to the Kool Beanz Cafe the first chance I get.
Had the amberjack with rice, beans, and fried okra. The amberjack was cooked really well. Soft and not dry. I really like okra in general, but it was too salty for my taste. If that was toned down, the meal would have been great the browned gnocchi was a good starter and a good portion to share between 2-3 people as an appetizer. Overall, the atmosphere was fun. We sat at the kitchen bar and was able to watch them cook everything. This is a good angle because it made me want to try a few other dishes. Kind of pricey for the quality of the food though. Probably more of a 3.5 overall
Bookmarked this place while in AZ. Flew in to Tallahassee today and had to try this place out. Wow really good. Had calamari - tender and hint of heat cornmeal coating. Then salad wedge with blue cheese generous portion. Finally linguini with mushrooms and crawfish. Excellent portions are generous.  I would go there again
This place has a lot of hype, and I really wanted to like it. I have been twice and on both occasions I was not a fan of the food. The service was pretty good, but I tend to rate places more on the food than the service/decor. I think if I was a vegetarian I would really enjoy this place. As it was, the ingredients they wanted to throw together just didn't make any sense. I was adventurous with my selections but came out wanting each time. I have avoided returning since my second visit.
Traveling through Tallahassee read reviews on yelp , decided to try it . Delicious fresh wholesome food
Kool Beanz was a fantastic experience. I enjoyed dinner with Florida State colleagues on a perfect Thursday evening in Tallahassee. I confess that I over-indulged, ordering fabulous cornmeal-encrusted oysters resting in a bed of cheddar cheese grits *slobber* followed by a creamy linguine tossed with mushrooms and crawfish. This was all washed down with a beautiful bottle of Hitching Post syrah, a beauty I never expected to find outside my native California. Overall, the experience was very very good. Our server was exquisitely attentive, the atmosphere outside was casual and fun; the place just had a very cool vibe. Kool Beanz!
In a college town full of dive bars and food that's fast and cheap, it's nice to know this place even exists.  It is living proof that Tally is not a culinary wasteland.  There are people here who care about food, and want to deliver dishes that are creative and delicious. I had the Fish and Chips and I was pleasantly surprised that the fried fish came with a "masala aioli", a creamy greenish sauce that had a slightly jumpy Indian flavor.  That was completely unexpected.  Also unexpected, the fries were not a bunch of mindless fries in a basket, but instead they were six large potato wedges deliciously seasoned.  This all was served on top of creamed spinach.  The three substantial pieces of fish were nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. My wife and son also enjoyed their dishes.  I poached some fried plantains from my wife's dish.  They were sweet and soft, like my wife. I also like the unpretentious interiors, the slightly hippie vibe of the waitresses and the foodies eating at the bar facing the kitchen, chatting with the cooks.  It's a cool place!
Oh my God, Becky. Look at that rating! Besides the fact that I almost grew out a full beard by the time I sat down, my experience at Kool Beanz Cafe was absolutely spectacular. Don't let the corny name (that sounds like it came from the 90's) and size of the restaurant fool you because my friends and I walked out of that building with massive food erections and food babies. As much as I'd love to sit here and describe what everybody ordered, I can't. It would take too long to exemplify the complexity and the deliciousness of each entree. It's just that damn good, so let me just briefly write a letter to the dish that was responsible for my food erection. Ms. Seared Duck Breast, I knew the moment your seared breasts looked at my eyes when you arrived at the table is that true love does exist. You were a bit undersized for my taste, but even the undersized entrees need loving as well if you know what I mean. The cranberry puree you brought definitely complimented everything that you had going on that night... Just a perfect blend of sweetness and saltiness in every bite (unintentional rhyme). Let us not forget about the perfectly charred brussel sprouts with the sweet potato fries on the side. Those side items fused the whole plate together and made it into a marvelous foursome. I'd like to thank you for bringing your friends along because it was very unexpected. Thanks to my charisma, I was able to handle everything that was thrown at me. I'll be sure to call you again when I visit next time. Ciao, - Christopher Wait time: 3/5 Food: 5/5 Service: 5/5 Cleanliness: 4/5 Price: $$$
We have been here at least 5 times and it used to be great.  This may be a fluke, but be warned.  EVERYBODY around us at the restaurant tonight experienced the same poor service. The food was decent, but the servers were beyond incompetent.   For starters, we waited for an hour to be seated after they claimed it would only be 30 minutes.  To make matters  worse, for the whole time that they kept us waiting, a table sat empty right beside us.  I went and asked if they took reservations and they said no.  So why did the table sit empty for an hour? Finally, a guy says to follow him.  He tosses down the menus on the table and walks away.  After they seated us, we waited another 10 minutes for someone to take our drink orders. Then I pulled out YELP on my iPhone and started to draft this review.  At that point,  they started to act differently.  Comp this, promise that.   So we stayed. DId it get better?  NO. The waitress was nowhere to be found most of the night.  Our interactions with the same guy from before involved plates being tossed on our table.  The bread arrived after the starter. My steak was luke warm when served while my wife's fish was nice and hot. Getting someone to come over and present the check involved standing up and threatening to leave.   We arrived at 6:45PM and we left at 9:15 PM.  We will never return and I hope that you understand that this place has changed.
I SERIOUSLY adore Kool Beanz.  They continue to amaze me with every visit!  I highly recommend getting anything with sea scallops... they are out of this world every way Kool Beanz prepares them.  But everything else rocks, too, from the piping hot, uber-fresh bread and butter, to the amazing desserts. Not only is this one of the best restaurants Tallahassee has to offer, but Kool Beanz surpasses pretty much any restaurant.. ever... anywhere. :]
If you had asked me only about food, I would have given it 5 stars.  One of the best meals of my life was eaten here. If you had asked me only about the service, I would have given it 2-3 stars.   Because, in my mind, the quality of food is more important than the quality of service, my overall rating is 4 stars.
First impressions are everything. I walk up to the restaurant and there are a handful of people waiting outside. So I asked why? They hadn't opened and the people were gathering around the front waiting for the restaurant to open. I was there for work in the Tallahassee area, and heard about the restaurant. I sat at the bar and had a wonderful server. The restaurant filled up immediately. I was so torn by the menu because I wanted to try everything. I opted to eat two appetizers. I ended up with the fried green tomatoes, with homemade pimento cheese, bacon jam, and artichoke (something). Wow, was it good. They had each separate topping on each of the fried green tomatoes. So then I go on to the gnocchi with sage cream sauce. Wow, this was also amazing. It's was smoky, and had ham hocks, and bacon incorporated into the recipe. They change the menu daily. Everybody at the bar area was LOVING their food. You can't go wrong here. I try a lot of restaurants during my travels and this would be hard to beat! Keep up the fresh cooking, it's hard to find.
Talk about understated! The first thing you notice when arriving is the really small sign in front to a building that looks nothing like a first class restaurant. The menu, which changes regularly, is eclectic - appetizers like fried bayou gator, panko fried calamari, tandoori spiced lamb patties and others too numerous to list. Dinners like Coffee rubbed pork chop, Buttermilk-tabasco chicken and Mojo chicken are just part of an amazing selection. Come prepared for a great meal and a bit of a wait (or so I'm told - we didn't wait at all). Definitely worth a try when you are in Tallahassee.
I was pleasantly surprised by how good and how fast the food is here.  My inner snob was certain that a place named "kool beanz" would not be a place that she would enjoy.   We had the fried green tomatoes dish and the salmon with dill and horseradish sauce.  Delicious.
Wow... this is modern southern cooking.  A spectacular menu  that frequently changes.   For appetizers, had the ginger gyozas with a spicy pineapple sauce the crab cakes The pineapple sauce was out-of-this-world started off the meal perfectly. Had a side salad next... they'll give you a half salad for the half the price!     Chose the spinach, asparagus and mushroom salad with a balsamic vinaigrette  and topped with lightly fried potato slivers.  Really a simple, but great salad. Finally had the stripped bass with refried pinto beans and yucca slices.  The beans were delectable and the bass was to die for. Great meal.  Another example of  how southern cooking is on the rise...
Kool Beanz was one of my first good meals here in fair Tallahassee.  The evening started out ominously because they didn't have a full bar, and I was coming to realize practically nowhere in Tally does -- something about the licenses being super expensive and limited.   Anyway, I was able to keep my buzz going with some bubbly. Their menu is super creative and very long.  A mostly-vegetarian who sometimes eats fish (but not usually 'cause fish are creepy), I did find that there were very few vegetarian-friendly items. But it wasn't a problem at all as the staff immediately offered  to whip up something special.  I love being whipped up something special.  It's very special. The resultant meal was way delicious and the service was, again, excellent and attentive. The one bad thing: we were with a wheelchair user and the place was not very accessible.  The one ramp was blocked by somebody's car.  They seriously need to make their dinky parking lot wheelchair friendly.
I'm going to keep this one short, because there's plenty of description here already.  I absolutely love this place.  When my employer brings in recruits, I always take them to Kool Beanz because it exemplifies what I love about Tallahassee.  Just a great variety of food, all of it high quality, and something for everyone. My wife and I are practically polar opposites when it comes to food.  I like fish and vegetarian, she likes meat and potatoes.  We both leave extremely happy. The menu changes all the time, so it's tough to give any specific recommendations. But get the hummus, it's great, and every fish meal I've ever had was fantastic.  The crab cakes are also very well done. By the way, if you were to get three appetizers to split between two people, that would be a full meal.  The portions are HUGE.  I almost always take home enough food for lunch the next day.  I highly recommend this place.
I'm drunk off the Kool Beanz kool-aid. If I am on death row with a last meal, I hope it's  the salmon with a penne sauce, green beans, fried eggplant, and risotto from this place. The aroma in this place alone is intoxicating. The menu will just blow your mind. Do yourself a favor and sit at the counter. From there you can watch how all the food is prepared. It's magical. The attention to detail blew me away. No plate went out without a beautiful garnish, swirl, or something. If in Tallahassee go here. The food is great, the servers friendly, and the atmosphere fun!
This place is one of the best restaurants in Tallahassee. I have been here on several occasions for lunch and dinner and have never had a bad meal. I love how the menu changes according to what's fresh and in season.  All of the side dishes are amazing as well. Gourmet food without the pretentious attitude! Expensive, but worth it for special occasions or when you just want some actual fine dining in Tallahassee. The atmosphere is pretty casual. For dinner, make sure you get there early and put your name on the list, because this little restaurant is in high demand.
Was influenced to try this place out thanks to my fellow Yelpers. I loved the menu selections.  I wouldn't call it eclectic, but the plate designs were very cool I think. I started out with the fried green tomatoes.  Tomatoes were slightly tangy, which is a good thing.  Breading was crispy, tasty but not greasy.  This came with a side of marinara like sauce and some balsamic reduction. For main, I went with the braised lamb shank.  My test for proper braising is that I only need a fork to eat it.  It passed with flying colors.  The shank sat on top of mash potatoes, gravy from the cooked shank and green beans. I took a chance and paired the main dish with a Nobilo "Icon" pinot noir from New Zealand.  The wine was a flop, not much of a pinot noir in my opinion.  Maybe a cab would've been the better choice. I topped things off with a single espresso and went on my merry way.  Will definitely be back.
I am giving them a 5 because the price quality service is great. This is like an LA mashup menu - everything is fresh and the flavor combinations are clever without being cute. The menu changes often,  too. This is my "first night" every time biz takes me to Tallahassee. Trust me,  this is good food. I'm not going to write a long review, because 1) they change the menu regularly, and 2) you'll either take my word for it or not, because 3) long foodie reviews are about the writer, not the food. This place has great food. Looking forward to dinner up at the bar makes the 5 hour drive to Tallahassee one of anticipation.
This tops my favourite restaurants in Tallahassee. Why not 5-stars? Cos  Kool Beanz is still not fantastic when compared to food outside Tallahassee. Anyway, you have got to give this place a try if you are in Tallahassee! Where else can u eat anyway? This is one of the best! The others worth trying are Sage and A la Provence. Really kicking myself for taking so long before trying this place out. The price is good, the food is creative and tastes really delicious! We had such a hard time choosing our food both times we were there cos everything sounded delicious! They change their menus daily so u can be a regular and still be surprised which is wat I like. I like my food journey to be varied, creative and surprising. I am not going to make any recommendations since the menu changes so GO! You'll have yummy food!
After living in Tallahassee for almost four years and hearing nothing but good words about this place, we decided to give it a try. Food was far from disappointing and left our mouths and stomachs very happy. Prices were on the high end, but nothing any different than any other gourmet,  upscale restaurant delivering great food around town. For advertising as a gourmet restaurant, Kool Beanz definitely has its own spin on their dishes making our experience at the restaurant unforgettable. We got their gnocchi and calamari as starters. The gnocchi was in this real heavy sauce, but still very good. The calamari was perfectly seasoned and had a delicious citrus peanut buttery sauce on the side, different from any other calamari starters I've had my entire life. For entrees, I remember my boyfriend getting the duck with squash and fried kale and eating every last bite of it. Who knew fried kale could be so good? The duck was absolutely delicious, everything just worked so perfectly together on that plate. Overall my boyfriend and I had a great experience. Food was absolutely amazing, service was great, and the whole ambiance was just different from any other restaurant I've been to here in Tallahassee. Definitely a must when eating around in Tallahassee.
I absolutely love this place.  Not the best atmosphere in the world, but my goodness the food is always incredible.  A great variety on the menu and it is always changing as it is FRESH.  The burger is always good and if you find yourself there on a Sunday for brunch get the cornbread with chorizo sausage gravy and poached egg, you won't be dissapointed!
I stopped by for lunch while in town for a conference.  I went on the recommendation of a friend and my friend was right to recommend it.  The menu is amazing - it's a selection of unique dishes that you're very unlikely to find anywhere else.  All of the options sounded great, making it hard to decide what I wanted.  I went with a breaded chicken dish on a bed of fried yucca and refried beans with a zesty avocado sauce.  It was delectable and the serving was huge.  The person I was with also really liked her entree.  I'd go back in a heartbeat just to try some of the other fun stuff on the menu.   Oh, and the interior is very cool.  It's tastefully decorated and you can watch the cooks make your food as the kitchen is pretty much open and right next to where you're eating.  We showed up at 11:00 am on a Thursday and by 11:30 it was completely full.  If busyness is an indicator of quality, I'd suggest this place is top notch. I strongly recommend it!
Without a shadow of a doubt, this is one of the best places to eat in Tallahassee. I've been here several times for lunch and dinner. I can say with confidence that I haven't been let down yet. It's a bit smaller than a lot of restaurants and because it's so awesome, it tends to get incredibly busy with long waits in the evenings and on weekends. On my most recent visit, a friend and I came in for lunch. My friend ordered the Mojo Spiced Chicken (which is a crowd favorite and always on the menu) while I ordered the Grilled Salmon. The Mojo Chicken is a sizable portion that has a look similar to jambalaya. Along with the chicken, it has shrimp, chorizo, black beans & rice and all covered with jalapeno jack cheese. My perfectly cooked grilled salmon came with well seasoned green beans alongside perfectly fried slices of eggplant and all of that with a liberal dollop of red pepper feta sauce. I don't normally order dessert because I don't really have a sweet tooth, but ended up getting a slice of the Coconut Cream Layer Cake by recommendation of 2 different people that work there. I have to say... it was the best Coconut Cream Cake I've ever had. It was light, wasn't too sweet, and didn't have an overwhelming coconut flavor. PERFECTION. The service was excellent (as it usually is) and the food here is truly art on a plate... which is appropriate as there is art from local artists all over the walls that can be purchased to support the local community. The artsy indoor decor, great patio dining area, and open kitchen makes this place great for any occasion. I can't say enough about how Kool this place is.
Yum! They didn't have any vegetarian options on the menu the day we went, but they were very nice about it and suggested a few things. I decided to get a plate of veggie sides. It was AWESOME. They served it with a cranberry sauce and a curry sauce. The curry sauce was out of this world delish. Hubby got a pasta dish with a lot of veggies and a salsa sauce. That was really good too. My only let down was with one of the desserts, it was a red vinegar-yogurt and olive oil ice-cream (I think). It was way too acidic to be enjoyable. The cafe looks really cool-casual, with an open kitchen. Friendly, but loud atmosphere. This is a great place to go to with a bunch of friends. A bit on the pricey side.
Kool Beanz has always had an thoughtful menu - and with frequent turnover of "specials", it's a Tallahassee restaurant that generally has an innovative option that most guests will likely enjoy.  Our favorite seating is at the bar, effectively witnessing the three line chefs tackle their own areas.  They're a well greased operation and are facile, deliberate and economical in their motions.  The wine list is solid.  The din is just right, and the wait is worth it - at double the standard length of time.  A real "guide Michelin one-star" - and a yelp Five-star!
I like their menu which as another reviewer said, is long and creative.  They also change their menu periodically and are creative with the types of sauces, garnishes and sides.   Each time I have been they have been absolutely full and we had to wait for a while.  Very popular place for both lunch and dinner so be prepared to wait during peak times. Reasonably priced and something on the menu for everyone.
This place is pricey, even for lunch but is sooooooo good. Never had a plate of food here I didn't like and I love how the menu changes so often. Its refreshing. The wine and beer selection is decent too. The portion sizes aren't great but they want to be a fancy restaurant. You can't say the food doesn't reflect that desire either.
This place is amazing! Such a hip atmosphere and wonderful food. I tried a pasta with caramelized onions, bacon, herbs, and a wonderful cream sauce. It was, honestly, the best pasta I have ever had. I would recommend this place to anyone. It's great to find such a wonderful restaurant in a small town in north Florida.
Kool Beanz offers consistently good, sometimes great food. It's on the expensive side, but it's not unreasonable for what it is. Service is usually good. The food is unique and creative, and there's usually something to appeal to everyone because the dishes take influences from all sorts of cuisine. I'd call it 'Eclectic New American'.
This place is one of the best locally owned restaurants in Tallahassee.  The atmosphere is eclectic and the food is delicious.  It is very small so not a great place for a large group or to hang out.  It is a great first stop for dinner if you plan on a long evening out on the town.  The place usually stays busy so expect to wait (promise it is worth the wait).  If you end up waiting the hostess can take a drink order (beer and wine only without a "bar area").  The service was so-so but the food definitely makes up for it! I would definitely go back.
This is a lunch review. Food:  four stars. The menu was delightfully varied and surprising.  It seems to be some sort of fusion between southern low-country cooking and South American cuisine.  The food, when it came, was delicious, light but savory.  We thought the portion sizes were a little depressing when we first saw them ("yucca fries" with my shrimp tostada actually meant two rather piddly sticks of yucca), but it turned out to be just the right amount of food.  It's not the same level of mouth-watering, eye-rolling yumminess as Cypress or Clusters & Hops, but it's a very fun, adventurous menu that can't go wrong. The Service: two stars. It was really not good.  The servers, when we got them, were friendly enough, but it took quite awhile to get menus, water, that kind of thing.  We were ready to order our meals by the time she took our drink orders.  We waited forever for our check, even after they had cleared our table (weird), and I never once got a refill on my diet soda (one other little picky thing, I asked for diet coke and I'm fairly certain it was actually diet pepsi.  Which was fine really, but I wish they'd asked).
We eat at Kool Beanz once a month or so and sadly the last couple times have not lived up to our 5 star expectations. Our last two visits we ordered fish seared tuna and amberjack. Both times the fish was over done. The gnocchi rocks and the service is always friendly.
I'll admit my hesitation to try a place named anything that reminds me of my middle-school science teacher.  The phrase "Cool Beans" never exactly formed an association with anything chic (or particularly appetizing) after hearing her utter the phrase regularly.  Yet on a Monday night in Tallahassee, with limited options available (I don't know why that seems to be the night every restaurant in town decides to close for dinner), I figured Kool Beanz might be a worth trying.  So glad that I did because it was absolutely unique, completely unforgettable, and Kool Beanz has since become a regular fixture on my dining out itinerary in Tally.   The parking situation on that first trip was a bit precarious, but subsequent visits have proven far easier.  Outdoor seating is available, but inside really embodies the unique flavor of the restaurant.  With funky art scattered on every free surface, and wine bottle menus, the eclectic spot manages to feel comfortable and trendy at the same time.  Ambiance aside, the food is what really keeps me coming back again and again.  Since the menu changes daily, it is possible to return every day and manage to find something that sounds so good you just can't resist.  The food is a fusion of world influences that is often skewed towards Southern cuisine meets Caribbean, and although some of the ingredients may appear low-brow, the spectacular presentation proves there is nothing backwater about it.  Examples from lunch include a linguini with crawdads, tasso ham, mushrooms, in a roasted garlic cream sauce with asiago cheese, and a jerk spiced chicken skewer with tropical fruit salsa, maduros, black bean sauce, and coconut rice. As for dinner, trust me when I say the appetizer portion of the browned gnocchi with applewood bacon, caramelized onions,snd spinach, with sherried gorgonzola cream is sufficient on its own.  However, choices like the lime-basil chicken with a veggie stir fry in Thai curry with peanuts, frizzled leeks, and shiitakes on a ginger risotto cake are hard to pass up.  Other entrees include sesame crusted salmon in anorange-almond-hoisin sauce with asparagus, shiitakes,and sweet potato fries, and a Indian spiced shrimp with cashew "methi malai", onion chutney, lentils n' rice, and flat bread.   As interesting as each choice sounds, they taste even better, with every fish being tender and fresh, and the pasta served perfectly al dente.  If at all possible, save room for dessert since these too are a far cry from your average key lime pie and chocolate cake selection.  The last lunch I enjoyed almond lacey cookies with peach and white miso ice cream.  Sweet and umami juxtaposition in one generous portion, it was a phenomenal finish!    I've always had good service, and really enjoyed my experience.  Definitely kreative and kool, I look forward to returning with regularity whenever I'm in town!
I have been here several times and I have never once had a bad meal here. Always taking regular cuisines to the next level.
Service was not good. Took a long time to even get glass of water. Tried the bean cakes which were ok. Ordered the pork chops which were overcooked and flavorless. Beans straight out of can. Rice was burnt left a bunch of rice that kept getting stuck on my teeth on plate. Not sure what the hype is. I wrote this review 5 min after eating and still have not had waitress come. Do not recommend this place. Cypress is way better option.
Veryyyyyy good food, but with that comes an extremely long wait time. -1 star only for the wait. The food and wine are stellar!
Type of place you'd expect to see on the Food Network.  Not what you'd expect to see in a former cheap Diner on Thomasville road in Tally. Very "hip" and good food, but WAY overpriced in my opinion.  Stopped in for a quick bit en route to a FSU basketball game.  This would be a good special occasion place, but too expensive to be a regular stop.  Got some type of mahi fish filet and red beans/rice.  All good, but nothing spectacular.  Of note, the server gladly split the entre and salad between me and my guest.  We each got our own plates out from the kitchen.
Wonderful lunch spot! I was in Tallahassee for work and almost didn't go here because from reviews it sounded too fancy and expensive.  It wasn't any of that.   I sat outside on the patio and it was glorious.  The food was amazing, as was the service!  The prices were very good for the well blended flavor profiles and innovative food.  So wonderful! I would definitely go back.
Great place for lunch with an eclectic menu.  However, I didn't like the Sunday brunch creations as well as the weekday lunch selections.  There is also the option to sit outside, but it was a bit too cold for that in late November.
The best food you can customize, the best service you can ask for at a lay back restaurant. Gives you a nice feel inside with local art on the walls. Definitely a friendly environment.
My first one star review.  I had such high hopes for this place.  I pulled off of Florida State's campus and specifically went out of my way to eat here.   I grabbed a menu and went and sat at the bar.  15 minutes later nobody had even asked me what I wanted to drink.  I couldn't even believe it.  I just handed my menu back to the guy up front and left. It could be that they were just having a bad day during a busy lunch, but I've never had to wait that long for a drink order or to put an order in.  I'll probably try to go back next time I am in Tallahassee to try again just to see. I did go down to Midtown Filling Station right after... Incredible!
I called them about booking a private event and the owner (manager?) I spoke with was a total ass.  Like he was trying to come up with reasons not to book our event.   Why so self-important???  No thanks.
We visited for lunch on New Year's Eve, it was pretty busy but our waiter was attentive and the food came out reasonably fast. I enjoyed delicious fried shrimp & grits and my husband enjoyed his lamb burgers & mac and cheese.
Sit indoors or on the patio. Inside is decorated with an assortment of artwork while the patio features fresh air. The menu changes frequently and everything was wonderful. Our orders ranged from scallops to steak to duck to mojo chicken with gator tail appetizers. All the meals were large portions, had artistic presentation and were delicious. entrees $18-20 and appetizers $8-10. Teens as well as adults loved it, smaller children might find the menu a little complex for their taste. Definitely will be back to try different entrees. Parking was a little tight, but manageable. Awesome!
It took me a couple years to finally listen to the reviews and try Kool Beanz. We tried a Wednesday night and it was JAM packed. Not a whole lot of seating and it took a good 30-40 minutes to get a table but we were able to stand and order drinks while waiting at the entrance. Once we were finally seated we got to check out the menu. Now, I'm not a seafood person so anti-seafood people beware... there were maybe 3 things I would eat that weren't seafood or out of my other taste preferences. It's unfortunate that their menu changes because I can't recall what we had. I do know that we loved the appetizers more than the entrees. There was a quesadilla with I believe apple in it, fried green tomatoes that were excellent. For dinner I had the flank steak with mashed potatoes and onion rings... awful starchy. I know flank steaks are tough but this was real tough and chewy, hard to have conversations while eating. The onions rings were pretty bland and standard, nothing special, same for the potatoes. It was pretty pricey and no one else in my party was blown away, but we may need to give it another shot.
My first yelp review, I live and eat well in sf, and this restaurant is in my top 5 meals of all time. Come with a large group so you can try a lot of things... The only thing that needs to be said, if you come to tallahassee and don't eat here, you're only going to hurt yourself. End of story.
Very good and could easily be 4 stars. I am giving it a solid 3+. The good, lively place after 6:30 pm. Looking for quite romantic place not here. But this isn't bad loud it is food loud. People conversing and having a good time. The food was good. My salmon was under cooked. I was asked how I wanted it done and I asked for medium. It came  between rare and medium rare in the center. The salmon was a thick piece, which makes it more difficult to be medium from end to end but it was way too rare in the middle. Had that been better I would be goring 4 stars. The rest of the meal was good, service average. I had to split the check because I am on an expense account and this was a bit of a mystery to the waitress. Had to do it 2 times to get it right. Not a deal breaker. Would go back if in the area.
I ate here for dinner tonight. The food is pretty amazing. I have a mojo and shrimp type dish over rice and beans, conch fritters for an appetizer, and an amazing sour cream pound cake with fresh peaches and blueberries! My friend had a white fish and homemade carrot cake cream for . The staff is super friendly and they food came out rather quickly! I also love this place because they use locally grown produce and their is local art for sale all over the place! Definitely a must visit if you are ever in Tallahassee! A little pricey but its totally worth it!
My daughter wanted to go to Kool Beanz for her birthday dinner.  We had a party of 15.  They don't take reservations and the restaurant is really very small so I knew this would be an adventure. I called ahead and was advised to come early and wait for the restaurant to open at 5:30.  We got there at 5:00 and there was already several couples waiting.  By the time the doors opened, there was a line that filled the retaurant.  It took them a few minutes to get a large table set up, but we ended up inside.  The food was all excellent.  Other than a minor mishap with a vegetarian meal which they corrected quickly, everyone loved their dinners.  We ordered almost every entree on the menu and several appetizers.  Our waitress was outstanding.  She handled our group with expertise and style.  The prices are higher than most Tallahassee retaurants, but nothing was unreasonable.  The reason for the 4 stars is the tight quarters.  Once seated it was very difficult for anyone to get up if they had to, and twice members of our party had to get up so they could seat people behind us.  Other than that - it was good.  I was told the weekend wait is usually 1.5 hours.  I'm not sure I'd be willing to do that too often, but for a special occasion, it might be worth it.  Overall great experience.
Tip. Sit at the counter and watch your meal take shape. It's a few miles south of the Interstate and well worth the detour. It was so good we had to stop there again when driving through Tallahassee a week later. One note of caution, if you like bland food then stay away. These dishes are full of spices. Not hot, spicy in the best way.
Everything is fresh and homemade. The dressings are wonderful which top a crunchy salad. You can order 1/2 salad at lunch with an order. My entree was grouper - perfectly done, with grits and Green beans. Hubby, being a meats and potato type, ordered chicken fried chicken with collard greens, field peas, and mashed potatoes. Everything was pèrfectly seasoned.  I love the atmosphere here and the food. I can't wait to return.
The wait staff was typical Tallahassee slow...but the food was eclectic for Tallahassee. The BBQ pork over the sweet potato pancake was a great appetizer as were the black bean cakes.
Been here twice when I came to toewn. Food was sooo good. I will be back again
Local spot and fare Open kitchen for eye's feast Then tasty dishes
We just moved to Tallahassee and I was so excited to try this place because I thought this was really going to be Tallahassee's little gem. It was ok. I'm not much of a wine expert, so it was good and cold to me. We sat on the patio and that was nice. I really loved the ambiance and feel of the place. We started with a blue cheese guac with hard boiled egg on top. Something unique, so I liked it. It wasn't bursting with flavor, but I liked it mild. My husband ordered the peppered flank steak with onion rings and mashed potatoes. This meal and the ambiance are why Kool Beanz got three stars. It was perfectly cooked and delicious. My husband said it was one of the best steaks he's ever had. I got the pecan floured flounder with creamed spinach and oven fries. The fries were pretty good, but everything else was completely tasteless. Just one of the most bland things I've ever eaten. Our service was good too. But ultimately, I go to a restaurant for the food and I was disappointed.
Excellent place with a consistently eclectic, tasty menu that's reasonably priced and always changing.
You will see the wait to get a table is worth it but the slow service of getting food was really awful. The lamb was divine.
Food is different... But it tastes ok. would go back.
Got to go to have the experience! love the changing menu!
Although everything was VERY good, I thought that the appetizers were even better than the entrees. The cornmeal crusted oysters were seriously good. I just about ate the entire plate on my own. Also, the escargot in a mushroom sauce with linguine was REALLY good. For the entree I ordered the monkfish, which was just okay. I've had that fish cooked better before. However, the sauce that it was cooked it was delicious! I also tried the snapper with spinach (that was actually better). I ended my dinner with a cappuccino, which was just delightful and very well presented. Would definitely go back.
Had a great meal here last Wednesday. Their Crab cake appetizer was tasteful. I ordered their duck breast and sweet potato fries. Tasted really good. It's a little pricey for the quantity of what's served.
Unusual food with great service.
Awesome place!  Menu always changes and the food is almost always great.  Fantastic desserts, too. Loud, fun vibe.  A must if you haven't been.
Superlative. Chef know s his stuff. Great sense of acidic balance. Wahoo w curry. Scallops cooked perfectly. Amazing panko crusted xalamari w grapefruit buerr blanc
Excellent lunch today and superb service. Will definitely make Kool Beanz a regular stop from now on.
5 STARS!! Definitely my favorite restaurant in Tallahassee. I love the vibe, the decor, and the food. THE FOOOD!!!! Oh man.. I might have to head over there tonight for a treat. NOMNOMNOM
Great Food and Service. The menu always changes but the quality stays excellent. I just wish it had more seating as it is one of my favorite places to go and sometimes it is too packed!
Wow, how did I spend ten years in TLH before trying this? Food and wine selection were out of this world. I was truly impressed with the portion size. Kool Beans Cafe is my new favorite spot in Tally.
Awesome. One of the best places I have ever eaten at. I went to Kool Beanz with my sisters, wife and niece and everyone enjoyed their meal. My wife and I had the arugula pear salad and loved it. I had the salmon dish and that was good as well. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone in Tallahassee looking for a very good place to eat.
Great place for incredible food and atmosphere. I actually sat at the counter and watched the chefs cooking the food. It was a blast. I ordered several apps just to taste them and all were fantastic. If you haven't eaten here you are missing out!!!
This has always been one of my favorite places in Tallahassee for a classy lunch and I've been going here for years, but I feel like they must have a new chef or something because I went today and the food was better than it's ever been. I had mahi with a low country sauce with andouille sausage and a grit cake and it was so phenomenal. I could have eaten a bucket of the sauce they served with it. My friend got the fried chicken which came with one of the best mac and cheeses I've ever had. My other friend had the wahoo which was fantastic as well. The shrimp and grits are always excellent as are the black bean cakes. So delicious!
A Tallahassee classic. Fresh, original cuisine. Oysters and grits are fabulous! This place is crowded and noisy, but the food is fabulous.
Been here many times since my last review. Food continues to be delicious. However, service has been really slow!  It's normal to wait 45 minutes for your food and it seems normal to only see your server every 15 minutes or so.
This place really deserves its five star reviews.  We had the sesame seed crusted tuna and the grilled salmon.  Both were fresh and delicious.  We plan to stop here the next time we are in Tallahassee and try something else!
Tallahassee isn't on any foodie's top 10 list.  Burgers and pizza are the favs - not that they don't have their place - but when you want something more in Tally you're often SOL. Well check out KBC. This place would fair well in any major cosmopolitan area; in FL's capital it flat rocks.  They have fish, folks, and it isn't all fried. They don't overcook their food. There is imagination in their menu and not the usual recycled fern bar crap.  The wine list isn't long (hell, it fits on a wine bottle), but it covers the bases and is priced reasonably. And the service, though laid back, is just fine. So when you're in Tallahassee and want real food, but don't want to cook, go to KBC. You won't be disappointed.
Really creative menu and great flavors.  We shared calamari, fried oysters and crab cakes for starters and I had a coffee crusted pork loin with sweet potato risotto that was delish!
Holy hell!  You can not go wrong with Kool Beanz.  Everything I have ever ate there has been delicious.  My absolute favorite meal there was the gouda stuffed lamb sliders.  Last weekend my husband ordered the apple dumpling for dessert and everyone devoured it.  I think he might have had two bites of it.  The apple dumpling should stay on the menu daily!  That's how amazing it was.
This place is a culinary oasis in a desert of mediocre food.  Highly recommend this place for a great dinner.  Servers are also really friendly and helpful.  I've been there twice and was impressed both times.
Mid-east style. I like the oyster for starters and ribeye for entree. The environment is good. There are many animal paintings on the wall. All in all, I enjoy the dinner here.
I loved every single thing about this place! The decor is adorable with all the animal paintings, and the place is cozy. I was only a party of one, but I still had to wait about 20 minutes on a Thursday night... But that was fine because the hostess brought me a great glass of wine.  After being seated, the server brought me delicious warm bread. I ordered the browned gnocchi, applewood bacon, caramelized onions and Gorgonzola cheese appetizer, which was phenomenal!! For my entree I got the sesame tuna, which was also amazing! I wished I had room for dessert, but I didn't. If I lived in Tallahassee I would definitely go to Kool Beans all the time!  I haven't had a meal this good in many years!
The food was great! We had five people and our combine rating is 24 out of 25, thus our five rating. The scallops were outstanding. They were appropriately seasoned, and I would recommend to anyone. We also had the duck with Swiss chard, and it was very good and tender. The steak and onion rings were very goo so were the pulled pork. Can't wait for our next trip to TLH to eat at Kool Beanz again!!! Very strong recommendation.
I went with my boyfriend and a couple of our friends. The place is pretty cool, artwork everywhere and a fun environment. Not overly uptight or fancy or anything. Food was really good, but I think I was more satisfied with my appetizer than I was with my entree (my appetizer was delicious--the crab cakes are fabulous!). They give a good amount of food, I had to take most of my food to go because I was stuffed. I will go again soon.
I truly enjoy going to Kool Beanz... but the food selection is minimal, the people that seat you can be unhelpful, and the wait to eat can be atrocious. However, their appetizers are fantastic! Always something good there. The menu changes a lot and recently I haven't really enjoyed my food. It's strange, I can't pinpoint exactly what I didn't enjoy, I think the flavors of dish just didn't mesh very well (I got an ahi tuna entree once and a steak a different time). The decor is absolutely lovely, the waitstaff is always SO nice, and the outdoor seating is fantastic. They lucked out with their location; they were there before midtown was "cool" and now they are in the heart of it!
This place is good. Always an interesting menu though they do seem to run out of the really interesting stuff before I get there. Sometimes a bit sloppy. They are excellent community citizens.
Great venue... I've been going here since it was a small facility. Now the outdoor seating adds even more to this great, exciting place to eat and drink. I love taking customers here, or having business lunches here. My favorite dish was the mussels in coconut milk, and the seafood dishes are always winners! Fresh ingredients make for a great dining experience.Great wines, unique food and friendly servers. Ask for Suzanne, she's great!
A short 3 mile detour off of I-10 was a tiny price to pay for the incredible lunch we just ate.  Amazingly delicious & creative food, funky decor, outside patio all made for an excellent experience.  Great service as well.  We've eaten here several times when traveling through Tallahassee and each time was wonderful; we always look forward to stopping here for a meal.
This was my first time visiting the Kool Beans Cafe, but it will not be my last. I am in town for a two week school and was looking for a good but different place to eat and I found it. The hosts and wait staff were friendly and helpful. Since I was by myself they offered to seat me at the counter so I could watch the chefs cook. The food was fantastic. I had the chilled avocado-cucumber soup with poached shrimp and for the main course I had the grilled duck breast with snow peas and sweet potatoes. This is a restaurant that you should put on your "must try" list. I know I will dine here again before school is over and I will stop by the next time I am up this way.
It had been too long, but I finally got back to Kool Beanz for lunch today.  It is not an inexpensive place to have lunch, but well worth it.  Almost everything on the menu begs to be ordered.  Good service.  The only thing wrong with this place is the goofy name. I ordered the trout with green beans, a scallop cake and lemony cream/aoli sauce.  Every element of the dish was perfect.  Now that session is over, it is not too crowded, so I will be back soon.
This place is a true gem! The prices are reasonable, and the meals are FANTASTIC.  I travel for a living and I would stop here again as well as recommend it to friends.
Had the sausage Benedict dish for the Sunday brunch. It was excellent. My only complaint is that it does not come with a side and it is not quite enough food by itself. So make sure to order a side of potatoes (also excellent)
I had lunch here on January 11th, 2012 and it was excellant.  I ate here with two other people, we all got very different dinners and we were all very satisfied with our choices.  The art that is on display here is very cheerful and adds to the ambiance.  First we were seated in the dining room but the noise level was so extreme we asked to be moved to the patio.  We were the first ones on the patio and by the time we left it was packed.  Do they have a rule not to put heaters on durilng the day?  It was cold and blustery on the patio.  I wonder how many good resturants do they have in Tallahassee if on a cold day so many people will sit outside in some discomfort because the food really is good here. If noise level and/or possible exposure to weather extremes is not an issue this is a great choice on a visit to Tallahassee.
I recently had brunch at Kool Beanz Cafe. I was not happy with the limited choices on the brunch menu. One of my sons had the chicken and waffles (sweet potato waffle) and he enjoyed it. My other son had a fried green tomato BLT and he liked that. I had the chilaquiles as did my son's girlfriend - we both thought this dish was little soggy and not something we would order again. Although I think this is a nice little college town restaurant I think if they are going to have such a limited number of brunch offerings thereby forcing diners to choose one of their creations, each choice should be exceptional and the chilaquiles were a little less than stellar. I might visit again but not during brunch. I would also suggest that they offer a couple of choices less than $10 on the brunch menu - this would be good for the student on a budget.
My favorite restaurant in Tallahassee. Eclectic menu that is forever changing and a great spot to hangout and enjoy good wine.
My new favorite place!  Had the cornmeal dusted Rainbow Trout with grits for lunch yesterday - yum!  Looking forward to my next meal there.  Service, food, atmosphere - I have zero complaints.  If you haven't tried this place already - do so soon!
This place is a MUST visit restaurant when you are in Tallahassee. The menu changes every day and the food is prepared with perfection. The calamari is the best I have ever had in my life.
While visiting FSU this week we ate here two nights in a row. This place serves up some fantastic food.  It has a cool vibe with some hipster chefs and a laid back attitude.  Service is friendly and efficient and wine by the glass and beer are priced quite reasonable. The food: Over the two nights tried six different appetizers/salads.  Everything is fresh and served with a creative flair. I understand the menu changes regularly but some of my favorites included the falafel, the pan browned gnocchi and the clams. Entrees were excellent highlighted by a mussel/scallops dish which was amazing, a great sliced duck and risotto and the seared tuna.  Entree sizes are large and are good for sharing. The best part! Desserts are off the charts.  The coconut creme meringue cake was a repeat both nights. Not too sweet with incredible flavor and texture. And one piece is massive. Also tried a brownie and ice cream dish that was very good but the coconut cake was the star. Eat inside and watch the chefs work their magic or eat at the counter and watch up close.  This place was the highlight of our trip.
Kool Beanz is one of those rare restaurants that you think one thing when you see it from the outside and it completely blows you away once inside. All of the dishes are built around fresh, seasonal ingredients that will have your tastebuds jumping for joy. I eat at many 5 star rated fine restaurants around the US and the food at Kool Beanz is comparable to many and superior to quite a few. The only downside to Kool Beanz is the service. The wait staff, while extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the offerings, are not know for their attentiveness to detail (refilling drinks in a timely manner, greeting new tables once seated, etc). If you are willing to look past the service and spend a good hour and a half to eat, you will not be disappointed.
Great food in cozy atmosphere, cool art on the walls, and now with outdoor seating. Fresh seafood. Unpretentious. Nice wine list. Definitely will be back here.
For Tallahassee, this place is amazing. Eclectic decor, funky menu items (including several vegetarian options), and some good wines and beers. We went early for dinner and were seated right away. Our appetizers were delicious; my salad, which I got as an entree, was not as special but was still fine. It just needed a little more to it. The service was fine -- not remarkably good or bad. In a town filled with chain restaurants this unique place is a standout.
If I could give more than five stars, I would. I've been a few times now and it's been amazing. Great quality food with sort of a quirky atmosphere. I understand why it's always busy. If you're local to tally, it's a must try. Decent selection of different wines and beers compliment the unique menu perfectly.
Menu changes every day or so. Casual atmosphere, upscale food, great service, large portions. I went with 3 other adults. We split a really good bottle of Reisling (and I generally don't like wine, so that's an endorsement) and had: pork tenderloin (ordered by 2 people), scallops, and pasta. Everyone loved their dish. The flavors all worked well together and were not your standard fare. For dessert, for instance, I shared a pineapple vanilla creme brulee with saffron and my friends shared a peppercorn meringue with handmade strawberry ice cream and basil sauce. They're not things you'd think to eat, but they all complemented one another and were delicious! The whole menu is like that. Good selection of beers and wines. Plenty of foods to choose from, with lots of seafood, but plenty of other stuff. We all would definitely go back again. Price is moderate, but excellent for what you get.
Excellant food, great service. Prices are good for the quality and creativity. Only complaint was the comfort level--way too warm inside. Definitely worth another visit.
Really good food, but expensive for Tallahassee standards. I had the salmon & couscous entree. Very well made and had a lot of flavor. Our table also had some sort of chocolate cake for dessert, which was very rich. This is probably one of the best places in Tallahassee.
Really great spot for food in Tallahassee. Everything is so delicious and fresh, yet they sustain such a casual atmosphere. It's definitely out of my price range for every day eats, but I come here on occasion when I'm feeling fancy. At Sunday brunch, the chicken and waffles and the lobster mac n cheese are both mouth watering. They don't take reservations, though, so if you're looking to eat dinner on a weekend night, be prepared to wait!
Ate 2 times here and am impressed all the time.  Sit at the bar and see the action. A real food surprise every time you eat something.. Lots of Tattoos,  and no ties liked in here. Great service and OK wine list.  Go for the Food its is worth it.
Lunch was a pretty decent deal. And this is coming from someone who does not really care how fresh, healthy, or fancy the food is--or how trendy the restaurant is. I had a fish entree that was $13, which is not pricey.  It was actually pretty tasty, which I don't usually say about fish.   The waitress was good.
This place is really good. I'm here visiting from LA and I felt at home. I did sit at the counter and it was a great view of all the food being made. But the only thing that bothered me is that the head Chef kept using the same dirty towel to wipe each dish as it came out for the customer!!!! That towel was set at the counter and all over. Very bothered. They would have gotten an extra star if it wasn't for that.
Love this place. The menu always changes and the combinations are always unique. Must have the salmon, must have the sweet potato.
Best surprise on this business trip.  From the outside?  You'd never know how good it is on the inside... Glad a colleague mentioned it to me.  I will be back...  Only downside is parking can become problematic.
The wait for a table says it all, if people are willing to wait an hour to eat here than it must be good, but when seated at the counter overlooking the kitchen, the bar stools were very uncomfortable, otherwise food, service and atmosphere were great. I would recommend eating here to everyone and plan on going back but PLEASE get better stools.
I had the lamb sirloin w/ asparagus and mashed potatoes - very tasty. The main dining room was full so I sat out on of the patio directly under one of their outdoor heaters. Great service and atmosphere, I will go back!
A pretty good place to get some interesting and delicious food. The food here is always good and always fresh and that is something that is definitely a priority here. It is a little expensive for what you get but it is a nice change of pace and just different enough from any other place in Tallahassee to make it unique. I recommend this place if your looking for some pretty good food thats not typical of Tallahassee. The service is always friendly but sometimes the kitchen gets a bit backed up and the staff overwhelmed but thats to be expected when the place is jammed. Otherwise a great experience and one I hope to have again soon.
This was a great restaurant and just what we needed after a long day of travel. The food was terrific and the art on the walls fun and beautiful. One of the nicest meals we had on our trip in Florida!
LOVED THIS PLACE. Want to go back to Tallahassee just for you! Very cute decor, friendly & smart staff, DELICIOUS/unique food!
Great food & service! Just reading the menu was a treat. The art work help set the mood. The only thing that I would suggest better ac. I know it was summertime in Florida but it was a little warm. This would not stop me from going back. This place is way to good!
I've eaten here several times now and the food is exceptional. If you haven't tried the Sunday brunch yet it is a must!!
Best of the best! Doesn't try to be fancy, there is a very limited wine and beer list, and menus are given to you on a clipboard, but the food is outstanding. Although the menu is constantly changing, there is always something for everyone. I have gone for brunch and dinner, and I cannot wait to return.
I love this place. One of the best in tally.  Highly recommend.
excellent food - and a fun and wonderful atmosphere.  threatened to go back again during my 3 night stay, but i will be back in July -- so will stop in again.  I had the grouper, a friend the low-country stew -- both were incredible.  And the artwork for sale on the walls is fun...
Flavor , Flavor , Flavor !   This restaurant hits the nail on the head when it comes to a savory dish!  Everything that I tasted was very delicious.  I was so pleased with the selections and the environment.  When the food was placed in front of me, I imagined a more upscale atmosphere, which is what helps make this restaurant so unique.   The food is so incredible, and elegant, however, the atmosphere is very down to earth, super unique place.   Whenever I visit Tallahassee, I plan on getting my kool beanz fix.
Ate lunch and there were so many great choices.  Very creative cuisine at a lunchtime price.  The desserts are great too!
Kool Beanz Cafe was recommended to us by the locals, and I must say, it did not disappoint.  I love that the chef inspired menu changes daily, and that the staff is more than willing to accommodate any substitutions.  I highly recommend the crab cakes with the jalapeño tartar sauce.  Amazing!
Oh my God. Food heaven. Jerk chicken and grilled salmon. Salty caramel gelato with warm brownie and bruleed banana. Orgasmic.
The salmon is to DIE for!!!!!!
I went for brunch and was impressed by the original combinations on the menu. I had the banana rum french toast with sweet plantains and spicy walnuts. So yummy! Only complaint is that I wished the French toast was thicker. Sorry it's a staple!
Excellent. My linguini was amazing. Mushrooms were good. I liked sitting outside with the family. Service was a bit slow but not bad. Nice place. Cheaper during lunch.
This place is so amazing. I am so happy with how fast the food was served and how well it tasted. These cooks are really impressive. Amazing food. I'm from Miami and I will come here every time I come visit.
A bit overpriced for this area of FL, but good food nonetheless. Their salmon plate was delicious and the atmosphere is nice. It's a really eclectic, and the service is good. It's not my favorite place to eat in Tally, but certainly not the worst!
When we first walked up to this restaurant we were afraid to go in. Didn't look like much. Once you walk in you see that it has a cool atmosphere. Not fancy but looked interesting. Then we had the meal which was delicious. No complaints at all there. Pricing was great too. All was going really well...until a few of my table mates said don't look behind you...and then told me to jump up. What was crawling behind me on the wall was a cockroach which my friend got rid of. When we mentioned it to the server (who will remain nameless) he shrugged it off and said something about the rain and something like no big deal we spray for bugs. I couldn't believe it. I would have been horrified and had the manager come over in a sec. No accommodations or concern about it was provided by the server. Ruined the whole experience. Makes me ill to just think about it. I have lived in Florida all my life and have worked in countless restaurants and so appreciate that these things happen but I certainly don't understand the response by the server. He could have made it a much better experience. This is the first bad review I have ever provided but they deserve it.
I'm a foodie: I live in San Francisco, one of the best restaurant cities in America, and I judge restaurants in other cities by whether I think they could survive here.  Kool Beanz has it all: phenomenal food, staff that is friendly, helpful, knowlegeable and smart and an ambiance that just says "relax - you're with friends."  I had dinner there and was so impressed that I returned the next day for lunch.  Seriously, folks: I travel a ton on business and I've eaten my share of restaurant meals.  Kool Beanz is one of the best restaurants I've ever - ever - enjoyed.  I'd come back in a heartbeat.  Oh, and don't miss the Boston Cream Pie - it is absolutely to die for!  THANK YOU KOOL BEANZ!!!
I don't really want to share my opinion too much in this review because it's not really necessary. You just need to go there, close your eyes, point to a random item on the menu, order it, eat it, throw it back up, and eat it again. Even on the second time around, it's still better than half of the restaurants in Tallahassee. That's a fact. I'm sure I don't really have to try to convince you that this place is good. The only concern I've seen in other reviews is the price. I personally don't see that being an issue at all, unless you're comparing their prices to T.G.I. Friday's or something, in which case, you're an idiot and this review is not intended for you. Something that I haven't heard people talk enough about is the Sunday brunch. The average price for a plate is $10 and the portions are filling so if you've never been to Kool Beanz and you're not brave enough to go straight for the dinner, I suppose brunch would be a good place to get your feet wet. But if you give a mouse a cookie, he'll want a glass of milk and if you get the brunch, you'll want a dinner and a bottle of wine and probably some conch fritters too. And when you actually do go there for dinner, by the end of it, you won't care how much it costs. You'll actually probably just want to initiate some type of automatic payment to Kool Beanz deducted from every paycheck and just exchange all of the U.S. currency in your possession for food from this restaurant.
Great place food was fantastic. I had the flank steak and my husband had the tile fish. Sat at the counter and watched the chefs create everything. A really unique restaurant a must when you visit Tallahassee.
I can't help myself, I have to write another update on Kool Beanz because its just THAT GOOD!!! I've gone several times since my original review, but the most recent trip was for my graduation dinner with my family. They sat us  immediately (we beat the huge rush that usually accompanies Thursday nights) and the server straight away asked for our drink orders. Got a dry white and the escargot I usually get for my appetizer, which was superb. The snails were over angel hair pasta with garlic butter sauce and it was delicioussss, just as fresh as it has always been. I ordered Thai inspired Mahi Mahi that came with sweet potato fries and vegetables. My dad ordered the pork schnitzel, sister got the filet mignon with onion rings (the best I've ever had in my life I gotta say!) and mom ordered bass with asparagus. Even my grandma liked it, and she doesn't like anything!!! EVERYTHING was super fresh, came out in a timely manner, and delicious. Ther menus have something for everybody and they are constantly changing, never have I ordered the same thing twice and never have I seen the same menu at KB! Best restaurant in Tallahassee, you must eat here!
DO NOT MISS this place if you are in Tally!  I have recently moved out of Tallahassee and miss this restaurant so much.  It is by far the best place to eat in town--it outshines all other restaurants of its caliber!  In fact, in my new hometown, I am constantly lamenting the fact that there is no restaurant that even comes close in flavor, food quality, presentation, and service.  It is a MUST when in Tally----Kool Beanz--I miss you!
I went to Kool Beanz Cafe on a Saturday night about 7:30pm.  The place was full, I did call ahead, but they don't accept reservations.  This place also changes their menu daily.  I did check the online menu Saturday, late afternoon, but it was a different menu when I got there that night, so that wasn't "Kool".  When I got there, I could sit at the bar/counter immediately, wait 30 minutes for an inside table, or wait a few minutes for an outside table. I elected to sit at the bar (not really a bar, but you sit at counter and watch chefs cook food.  I had the crab cakes for an appetizer (2 crab cakes for about $8).  For dinner, I had the Linguine with Crawfish ($17), my friend had the Pork Tenderloin w/rice ($18 or so).  Most dinners are priced between $17-23).  Both dinners were delicious, very good sized portions (bigger portions than Mozaik).  Overall, very satisfied, this was my first time there, it doesn't look like all that from the outside, but the food is definitely excellent.  I definitely can't afford to go there weekly or anything, but a nice, casual place for a special occasion.  (Only reason they were not a 5 in my book is because they are supposed to keep their daily menus up to date on the internet, they did not do that, so if I wanted what I saw online, I would have been disappointed).
Over rated!
What a great find in Tallahassee.  Nice to find crafted food for the frequent business traveler.  Will be going back as the menu changes daily, always something new to look forward to.
Best restaurant in Tallahassee, hands down.  I've never had a bad meal here, or an unsatisfying portion.  I've had some long waits, but they have always been worth it.  The menu changes (daily?), and while you can't go wrong, some highlights are the chorizo/chicken/black beans, any tuna dish, the flank steak, all the desserts... ok, everything, really.  Sit at the bar and watch them cook, it's brilliant.
Outstanding.  I had boneless duck with winter vegetables.  Wiped up my sauce with bread at the end.  Tasted husband's salmon with tomato jam.  Also very yummy.  We split bittersweet chocolate cake with orange compote and vanilla.  Also to die for.  Service was excellent.  With one salad, wine, coffee and tip the bill was just over $100 but worth every penny.  We don't live here, but if we ever come back, this is where we will eat, for sure.
Creative menus using a lot of locally sourced organic produce. I love the Caribbean inspired dishes. Seafood is always a good bet! I am a good cook and I always get inspired when I eat here.
Great, fresh, and innovative food!
Great food and such a lovely atmosphere.  We had the mussels and the scallops.  Both very fresh and well prepared.  I was a little sick of overprepared, over seasoned food during many diner stops on our road trip.  So great to stop at a place that's more about good flavors of the natural ingredients.  The wait staff were friendly and helpful.  Too bad we were driving through... This could easily be a regular spot for us.
One of the best places to dine in Tallahassee, if not the best.
This place is so, so good. Great for a special occasion. My grouper was just so good. Its obvious the chef here puts so much thought and care into the entrees, and to me that is the mark of a great restaurant. We sat on the patio b/c it was a nice night and because we had our 10 month old with us. We felt fine having him out there, though I don't know if it would be okay to have him inside. It seemed kind of quiet and not baby friendly inside--which is totally fine. We are just new to town and don't have anyone to babysit yet! Also, they only have one highchair.
received a recommendation from a passenger on my flight in. this is my second trip here and the experience has been outstanding. eclectic decor, friendly and knowledgeable wait staff and the menu is an experience in and unto itself. quality of the food and presentation is amazing. I would put it on the "must visit" list when in town.
Pleasantly surprised by stumbling upon this place. My boyfriend and I came to visit Tallahassee for the first time and wanted to find a good brunch place to go to. The menu was small, but not without variety. A good mix of traditional breakfasty foods with a gourmet twist (sweet potato waffles and fried chicken, BLT with a fried egg and fried green tomatoes, etc.), seafood dishes (fresh grouper, scallops, shrimp and grits--yum), and delectable sides. I had the fried chicken and sweet potato waffles with spicy honey. I'd give it a 7 out of 10. I actually preferred the other dishes my friends got--the shrimp and grits was creamy and awesome, even for those of us who aren't big grits eaters. The BLT was seriously to die for--highly recommend! On top of yummy dishes, it's a local restaurant with local food. You know you're eating fresh, good food and helping out your community at the same time. Also--grab a carafe of mimosas. Perfect Sunday brunch.
If you identify as a foodie then you can't pass this place up. My favorite restaurant in town. The food is always really interesting and I am always surprised how well the flavors meld together. I like to come here to get inspiration for my own cooking at home. I think the best way to describe it is as a  bright 90's fusion of flavors. I HIGHLY recommend trying their desserts, they are to die for!
This is a first time I have gone to this cafe restaurant by draw of our frequent yelpster review. I was going to try it out myself. This is a cool place with a different art painting hanging on the wall. The place is busy during lunch time. They have seat me on the "open kitchen counter" that I can first experience the cooking from the chef. A lot of cooking activity while I am sitting there. Sometime they sear the scallop,  pan fried the fish or prepare the linguine. I can see my lunch cook and prepare. Today I have sear scallops with deep fried kale. The scallops is well sear and good taste. The kale is deep fried to the crispy and melt at the tongue. The chef told me the kale only fried for 30 seconds. Other way to describe is the cotton candy melted at your mouth. It also come with grit mix with Luisiana base source with chop sausage. You can order your alcohol with the menu affixed to a bottle at the table.
