This has quickly become my neighborhood hangout. Great food and excellent beer on tap. The staff is always attentive but not too overbearing.  When I am really hungry I order the mushroom burger with sweet potato fries. Otherwise an order of their homemade hummus is perfect for a light meal. Another favorite is the Havarti Party...
Let's not get carried away here-- the food is nice, the beer selection is alright, and the service is terrible.  How anyone could give this place a 5 star rating is beyond me, but it's a decent enough restaurant.   The fare is your typical bar-style (burgers, etc), and it's pretty good.  The service is friendly, but consistently incompetent.  The atmosphere isn't anything noteworthy (the outdoor seating can be a bit buggy).  Overall, it's a decent enough spot for some better-than-average bar-grill type food, but that's about it.
Fantastic time on a big game weekend. Took the wife for her first time. Ate at the bar. She enjoyed a couple beers and the Three Onion Burger with garlic aioli - incredible! I had the Mulhauser with chili and slaw - not too sloppy and delicious! Fantastic night! Highly recommend this to every one - cannot wait for them to open the Midtown Caboose.
Hands down a great burger! So full I couldn't eat even half of my side item. I was definitely worth going a few miles off the highway into a neighborhood to enjoy. Looking forward to another trip through Tallahassee just so I can stop by!
Crowded dining room Beef patties like nirvana Outside seating dope.
This place would get 4 stars if it weren't for their horrible service. I absolutely love the burgers here, they're big, they're good, and the Panhandle burger is perhaps my favorite burger of all time. I would love to eat it more often but I haven't in over 4 months now because I cringe at the thought of how bad the waitresses are. At first I decided to just start only getting take out, but then they started to mess up even that. The last time they forgot about me completely even though I was sitting at the bar and then gave me my food cold.
If you're looking for the best burgers in Tally, I think you've found them. Located not too far from campus in a small joint, Monk's offers over the top burgers filled with such items as fried eggs, avocados, re-fried black beans, and pineapple just to name a few. Being someone that puts the impossible on my burgers, pizza, or hot dogs, I am never disappointed with their burger options. The fries are pretty good and the place itself is a typical college eatery, which is good if you just want to relax, watch some sports, and have a burger + beer. The food is great, the service is good, and the place is slightly small but I would recommend their burgers any time.
Great burger and good service. Price was very reasonable and the atmosphere was great.
Known for great burgers , but chipotle hot BBQ wings were great .. Meaty spicy & sweet.  The roast beef sandwich was good, but I wish I had ordered a burger. Device was good ambience casual rustic
Best Burger in Tallahassee. Best sweet potato fries in Tallahassee.
Great burgers!  Shy on decor but who cares!  Do try the peanut butter and jelly hamburger!
In 1985 Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie sat down on a gilded settee made of only the finest Corinthian leather, and penned the second greatest song ever written;  We Are The World.  The King of Pop and the suzerain of silky smooth R&B set out to create a song that would bring to light the problem of famine in Africa.  They ended up transcending their original mission and wrote a song that brought America together.  I don't care who you are or where you were from; if that song came on the radio you were going to rock out.  The bloods and crips would set their automatic weapons down, join hands and belt it out like Japanese businessmen at a karaoke bar.  The Hatfield's and the McCoy's would all meet where Kentucky met West Virginia and they would hug it out when this played over the stereo.  That is if they had been around in the 1980s, or had stereos for that matter.  I guarantee at least one person would have gotten a little misty eyed when Bruce "THE BOSS" Springsteen belted out that second verse.  It gets me every time. At this point, I am sure you are asking yourself two things.  The first being what does this have to do with Monk's?  The answer, EVERYTHING.  You see, the Wells Brothers (of the Wells Brothers Bar and Grill AKA MONKS) have created the culinary version of We Are The World.  Matt and Adam have created a menu that doesn't care if you're a hipster, a jock, a geek, a politician, a redneck, or a yuppie.  You can sit down, order a burger like the Panhandle, and just know that no matter what differences you might have with the guy at the next table you can both agree that the red peppers combined with the BBQ sauce and sourdough bread on this burger makes it the best you've ever had.  And nothing diffuses an argument with your spouse better than sitting down to share one of Monk's delicious pizzas like the Hawaii 5-oh.  You can't be pissed and eat delicious pizza with pineapple on it.  It's scientifically impossible.  Looking for a neutral ground to sign those divorce papers.  Why not sit down with the soon to be ex over a Chicken Salad Sandwich?  Tread lightly though.  That sandwich is so delicious; you two will probably end up at the Holiday Inn Express. And that other thing you are asking yourself, "what is the first greatest song ever written?"  Heartbeat by Don Johnson.  Fact.
If you are looking for a lot of food at a good price and original options, this is the place to go. They have pages of unique burgers and sandwiches on their menu and you will leave satisfied, if not in a food coma. You can easily share a meal here, which you will definitely want to do if you start off with an appetizer. It's a very local dive atmosphere and even though the tables were a little crowded, it's still fun because it's a upbeat energetic environment. Don't expect to get in and out of this place if you're in a time crunch, but if you're looking for a place to go and hang out for a few hours with good friends, this is the place to go.
What an awesome restaurant! The overall atmosphere is pleasant and laid back, and the servers and staff are friendly and fun. Most importantly, the food is awesome; the "build a burger" option gives you many different options for creating your own special burger: chicken, beef, or veggie patty, sourdough, rye, etc. for a bun, many different cheese options, a whole paragraph of toppings including fried egg, avocado, pineapple, and pepperoni in addition to more traditional toppings, and an additional paragraph of sauce options. Both the beef burger and the veggie burger are incredibly delicious; my favorite thing to order is the veggie burger on toasted rye (big, thick slabs of rye bread) with sauteed mushrooms, sprouts, and spicy mustard. Yum!
I love this place. Great beer on draft and even better food. The burgers sound weird but they are all great, very creative combinations.  My favorite is the ad burger, fried egg, spicy pepper Jack cheese and a wonderful black bean spread. The pizzas are pretty good too. I've never had anything I didn't like. It's a great place to hang out and watch the games. Nothing like good food, good beer and great friends. I will keep coming back for more.
This is one of the best restaurants in Tallahassee.  The relaxed  and cozy atmosphere coupled with the extremely friendly and authentic service totally made me swoon.  And then I saw the menu.  So many types of cheeses, breads and the best. . .so many sauces.  I love sauce and this place had so many different sauces to choose from.  They have so many different types of burgers and their sandwiches are less than gourmet but totally mouthwatering and unique.  They have quite a few appealing vegetarian options which was good for me.  I will definitely be heading back.
Get your burger fix. With a wide variety of burgers, including a build-your-own combination, Wells Brothers is a great spot for groups. The prices are reasonable and portions are big. Very relaxed and casual atmosphere.
Perfect burger every single time and well worth the wait! Try the panhandle burger...my fav! BBQ sauce, cheddar, crispy bacon and roasted red peppers.....awesome!   Only complaint is salsa is not good at all....no flavor.  Stick with the fries!
I hadn't been to Monks (wells brothers) in a while so I was excited to go over the weekend have those awesome sweet potato fries. I had always gotten burgers, which were great, so I decided to chose from one of their many sandwiches. I ordered the Holy Cow, a roast beef sandwich with sauteed mushrooms and onions with horseradish mayo  on a kaiser roll, not what i had come to expect from wells brothers. the mushrooms and onions were not sauteed and were chewy, it seemed like they had been stored in a liquid and proceeded to sog up the lower roll. The roast beef was not flavorful, it tasted like your standard deli lunch meat. The roll was chewy and should have been toasted. the sp fries and service were great and the waitress friendly. unfortunately this was just a really terrible sandwich. If i ever return ill just stick with the burgers and pizzas.
MONKS!!!! aka wells brothers Everyone refers to them as monks. Very collegey atmosphere!! Very interesting variation of burgers. but pretty much anything is good. My personal favorite is the AD BURGER!!! but I am just a sucker any dish with eggs. It's a must try in tally! :)
I've been in Tallahassee for five years and now that I'm finally leaving, its monks I will miss the most. Their menu in amazing and whether you order a BBQ chicken pizza, The Gator Hater, or The Italian Stallion, you'll leave happy and full!
The burgers are cooked per order and the way you want. The Lip Smacker is my all time favorite (peanut butter & jelly) -- it sounds weird, but trust me it's awesome. All their burgers are good; you can't go wrong. And, I say the extra cents for their sweet potato fries are worth it. Don't get me wrong, their regular fries are still great but their sweet potato fries are very VERY good. The only down side t this place I would say is their service-- it takes time for the food to come out, but it's worth the wait!
We loved it here. Totally casual, great atmosphere, great burgers, good beer, great service! We will be back!
Best burgers in town. They always have interesting kinds, too. Monk's is the first place I ever had an egg on my burger. The Ad Burger. I have dreams about that damn thing. Delicious. And the wait staff was always wonderful. Rock on, guys!
Service was VERY slow, this is the reason for four stars not more. Once the burgers got to us it was outstanding! I ordered the AD burger with an egg on top, It was delicious and the sweet potato fries were excellent as well.
Good  food, service is ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
The food here is amazing. But if you are looking for a place without the college kid atmosphere this isn't it.
Don't let the name confuse you--this place is also called Monk's. They are a pretty small dive restaurant that is a favorite among the FSU crowd and Tallahassee locals alike. Their burgers are great, but like the other reviewers; I'll chime in that it takes a long time to get your food, but they warn you. I've never been here for lunch but I would guess that you couldn't eat here if you only had a 30 minute break. The make-your-own aspect of the menu is my favorite, because they have such a huge selection of really unique ingredients and sauces that make you excited for your creation.
Oh my! Just good food...and as others have noted this place is called "Monks."  A local treat and a must if you're in town.  The burgers are huge and while I didn't get one the people I was with really loved them.  All around great place.  Just check it out and you'll enjoy it.  If you don't, send me your left overs (overnight FedEx that's refrigerated if you could) and I'll take care of'em.
By far the best burger in town. I've had many great and unique burgers in tally but these are in a class of their own. I've had 4 different kinds and they have all been absolutely great. In fact, whenever I have a burger anywhere else I always say to myself it's not as good as wells bros. Also, they have great sides and sauces. Many sauces to choose from, all outstanding. Never had a problem with service, but I'm not picky on that. I've had a taste of a few other things there, burgers are the way to go.
Good service. Went with some friends to eat dinner and we beat the rush so we got our food hot and ready. I built my own burger and it was a huge meal but delicious nonetheless. Ok atmosphere too. I'd go back to try some of their appetizers.
Monk's is a solid burger and beer joint. Be prepared to wait for your food. Could be a long time, but they do have a sign when you walk in warning you of this. The food is good, but honestly not as amazing IMO as a lot of people seem to think. They have some good and unique sandwiches and burgers though. I love their sweet potato fries. If you can go when its not horribly busy, go for it. If not, save yourself the time and hassle (the parking lot is half the battle of going here).
Burgers are great...  Atmosphere sucks.
Awesome food, cool dive bar-y atmosphere. I've liked everything I've ever had there, and they have everything from tex-mex to burgers to pizza to deli sandwiches.
Great burgers, lots of collage kids. BEER all kinds and TV's with sports.  Great place to spend a night.
Love this place. I used to live just minutes from here and found myself here whenever my fridge was empty- which was often! Great place to drink with friends. My husband loves the bbq pizza and I love the gator hater burger- because who doesn't love a gator hater.
Great and creative burgers! Try the Stilton. Great beer selection too. The service was really slow though. Very worth it when hanging out with friends for a few hours.
good service, good food, so many choices for the burgers that your head spins.  I love that I could get carrots/celery for sides and a chicken breast burger.  Makes for a pretty healthy lunch while travelling
Great sandwiches and burgers! Must visit for FSU students.
Best burgers in Tallahassee. The Lip Smacker and Sloppy Wodek will change your life.
Good little hole in the wall great food and great service prices were not too bad either an good tallahassee restaurant
I had this chicken, melted cheese peanut butter sandwich thing that I still (2 weeks later) hunger for. They have some interesting mixes of things. It looks like a small campus place, but don't think it is just a hole in the wall with nothing to offer...it is amazing.
i miss this place so much. there should be a monks in every town in america. i've probably eaten everything on the menu and i have no regrets. i'm pretty fat but it was worth it.
Food is less than impressive. I don't get they hype!
Good food, very informal - best burgers in Tali
We arrived just a bit after noon and there were customers galore. Apparently we got the last table available in the front room, as those after us had to wait a bit to be seated.  Neither my fiance or I had ever been there before, although I had seen and heard of many positive reviews.  We were waited on promptly.  I had the Gator Hater burger with added sauteed mushrooms, cooked medium well.  My friend had a Triple Onion burger cooked medium.  We had sides of onion rings and sweet potato fries.  I had just finished my 1st beer when the food arrived, for a wait time of about 10 minutes.  If the presentation meant anything, then I felt the food was going to be well above par.  I was mostly right,  The meat patties were both cooked correctly and both sandwiches were huge (I believe 9 oz. of meat each).  They were moist and juicy, but both needed a little salt,  You could taste the subtile charcoal grill taste of the burgers, which was a plus.  The veggies on both burgers were sufficient, although I felt the sauteed mushrooms on my burger were canned vs. fresh and the sliced tomatoes were typical of this time of year.  The sweet potato fries were surburb, very crispy with a hint of sweetness.  The onion rings I had, while good, appeared to be the Sysco brand and that did not please me at all.  Overall, I would say this place is worth a repeat.  Their menu is diverse enough to keep me interested, at least for a few more visits.
Large menu, down to earth grill. All good, we had pizza, BBQ chicken and Hawaiin. Very good, hot, and fresh.
Best burgers in town--even better than Vertigo!
Delicious!  One of the best ruebens in town!
Get the Lipsmacker Burger! Best thing ever!! Service is ssssslllllooooowwwww but that is because of the small kitchen and overwhelming popularity! Lots of great beers on draft. You are never going to find a better burger.  Or a place that actually will cook your burger the way you ask to have it cooked. A little pricey, but TOTALLY worth it, just on the food alone. Go with a plan to chill for a while, and TRY the PB&J burger, itll blow your mind!
I have been to Monk's twice and had great experiences both times. I tried the panhandle burger the first time and the onion burger (except I got the chicken) the second time. I ordered a side greek salad w/ lemon vinaigrette as well. I can just tell they put a lot of thought into their menu. The ingredients were obviously fresh and well-prepared. It just makes me so happy to get a salad with actual RED tomatoes in the summer. Yum. I went to Hopkin's recently and got wilted, old, low quality lettuce and pale pink disgusting tomatoes--Its July--they should be red. I just really like Monk's! Both servers I had were super nice and accommodating as well. I don't go out to eat very much b/c half the time its way more expensive and I know I can cook something way better for me, fresher and cheaper at home. But Monk's will be a staple for our family night out.
Monk's is probably one of my favorite places to eat in Tallahassee. I've never had a bad meal here. The burgers are fantastic and if pulled pork is ever on the special, get it. Whatever it is.
The best in Tallahassee! We love Midtown Caboose and Wells Bros/Monks, but Monks is where it's at! Burgers are delicious. The Panhandle is amazing. Good food, good beer, good people. Parking lot is way too small during dinner hours, any day of the week. Park across the street at Wells Fargo or Brusters!
Creative menu - and, to my knowledge, one of the first (if not THE first) boutique burger joints in town. Broad range of burger configurations from which to choose - AND - they'll cook the burger to your liking (no amateur minimum levels). Indoor and outdoor seating.  Outdoors, there's a great corn hole setup under the trees.  It's nice as the speckled shade adds to the fun of the game. Front and back sections inside are a little cramped when this is a full house (which is frequent).  Cook beers on tap and in bottles. Salad and chicken options are available- but this IS a burger joint after all.  Visit the midtown caboose for the same level of burger quality (it's run by the same guys (The Wells Brothers!)).
First, this is the 3rd time I have been here, 3 years apart.  Each time it has been freezing, not like, grab a sweater cold, but so cold that you eat as quickly as you can (hoping your food doesn't freeze while you are eating it) and get the hell out of here cold. Burgers are good, fries are good, beer is cold.   This is a great little spot, just bring your  cold weather gear with you!
You're most likely not going to find a better burger in Tallahassee. I had The Pandhandle, and really really recommend it...a 9-ounce patty (go medium rare - this is tasty beef), with roasted red peppers, homemade BBQ sauce, smoked bacon, and cheddar served on sourdough. The fries were average, but they gave such a big enough portion, I couldn't even finish them after that giant burger. This place is a true dive establishment (kinda like your uncle made a restaurant in his backyard?) - meant very respectfully, of course. From the bar, you can spot no less than 12 extension cords in the kitchen creating the electrical maze that keeps this place going! The staff were all super friendly and were totally busting their ass to navigate in and out of the place. The beer list was decent (probably really good for Tallahasse?) - something for most taste buds, but featured the usual craft favorites - although it is always good to see someone offering Jai Alai from Cigar City. Nice big patio where the cool kids hang out. Overall, a great hole-in-the-wall burger & beer joint that I will most likely visit every time I get stuck in Tallahassee for work.
These burgers are top notch!
Great lunch!!! They were super accommodating and everything was delicious.  Service was great.  Portions are HUGE!! Love this place.
Awesome place. I had a couple of friends that worked there so it was always a fun place to be. The young crowd in there keeps the place moving and upbeat. The burgers are awesome, and when I lived there, I would always take people to eat there.
Nice little spot known for their burgers. But to me, their pulled pork was the best thing on the menu. It's tender and has a smoky sweet taste to it. Highly recommend this place to anyone in the Tally area.
At Monk's...great menu, great food, locally owned, great beer, indoor or outdoor seating, with or without kids.  Check it out!
Consistent and no frills.  Don't expect shiny china or silverware...Just Great Food, Generous Portions, & above average service!  THE PLACE for BURGERS in Tallahassee!  CHEF APPROVED!
We went in expecting above average food and were pleasantly surprised by everything. The staff was friendly and helpful, the price is decent (~$9 for most burgers) and the menu had just about anything you would want. THEY EVEN HAVE FUNNEL CAKES!!!!! I had the Gator Hater burger with Cajun Mayo and it was better than any burger I've had before, a little greasy but not anymore than you'd expect from a freshly cooked burger. I only ate half of the burgerbefore I was full (and I don't get full easily). They're onion rings are great too. The seating is set up very well, with a front seating area separated from the bar and a big patio out back. The service was fast, we were in and out in an hour (with us talking for about 20 mins after eating) As with any good restaurant in a college town, don't go after a football game and expect to get in and out fast, but the food is definitely worth it.
Best burgers in town, hands down no doubt about it. Great beers service and fries as well. Favorite restaurant.
We were driving to Destin and searching for a burger spot. A friend sent us to this place. Great burgers, definitely a dive atmosphere.. They had a beer on tap i have not been able to find ANYWHERE since and I loved it... Solid burger joint!
The last few times I have been here. I have been a little disappointed. The burgers weren't as tasty as they usually were. Not sure if something had changed, but it wasn't just one time it was the last couple times I would say. Still good burgers though, but not as good as I remembered.
OMG.... best big nasty sloppy tasty gooey .... yummy good burger around.  You just gotta go.... ignore the parking lot craters or the goofy entrance.... just go hungry.
The hamburgers and sandwiches here are delicious, and the sides should not be overlooked, either! I love the Gator Hater sandwich, along with the Hercules (gyro style wrap with chicken). The French fries are simply divine, and I can never leave one behind. They also have a great selection of beers. Service is extremely friendly and the outdoor seating is amazing in the non-summer months.
I was at the FSU orientation and some friends recommended the restaurant.  We all ordered hamburgers, sweet potato fries, onion rings and French fries with bacon and cheese.  Everything was hot and fresh.  We loved everything.  The service was excellent.  I will be going again when in town.
This place has some of the best burgers around! They're all very different and fun. I've tried the lip smacker the first time I went and it was actually amazing! The next time I tried the gator hater which was just interesting enough to live up to the lip smacker. But my favorite and not my go to burger is the Italian stallion. Also their sweet potato fries are always amazing.
Lots to like about this place.   Locally owned,  good service, nice outdoor seating, cool menu.   Oh, the food is pretty good too.  Sandwiches and burgers are all done with quality ingredients,  fries and other sides are high quality as well.   The building is a dump,  but it's part of the charm. Nice beer selection too.  It's one of our regular lunch spots.  A word of warning though. .. The burgers are messy.
Finding great local burger joints in Tallahassee is a hard find. I was overjoyed to have graced Wells Brothers as like many said... WOW! Yes, the burgers are a bit messy, but what is a great meal without some mess? Hand crafted burgers with as much customization as what they have in stock to put in it. And the Sweet potato fries with honey mustard... OMG! While wait times are a bit on the slow time, the wait is well worth it if you don't pass out from the aroma of your meal cooking. Staff are wonderful ensuring you are entertained while you wait and an empty cup is impossible here during your stay. Good job guys, good job!
Get the AD BURGER, just do it. You can thank me later. -1 star because the service is reallllyy slow. (not their fault, I used to work there and the place is just really hard to navigate the way it's set up. -1 star because they dont store their beer correctly (again, I used to work there) so it's sometimes flat and/or warm.
Amazing burgers and large beer selection. They definitely know how to cook a good burger the way you request it! They have a really nice balcony too. It catches you by surprise because it looks so small when you walk in. Only word of caution is that they are super busy and the burgers come out slowly. Great food though. It's worth the wait. The prices aren't too shabby either
The best burger I ever had U can't go wrong here ! I had the Panhandle burger Wish they will have one in Los Angeles
great place. You will need google maps to find it. its not in the easiest location. but if you are on I-10 heading somewhere and you need to stop for lunch. this is the place you should go. I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was outstanding. they have a small selection of craft beers which makes the place that much better. can't wait to go back and try a burger.
Passing through Tallahassee on our way to Florida, I did my best to stick to eating at non-chain restaurants on our road trip. We discovered Wells Brothers on Yelp, and were very happy with our choice to come here. Our server was AWESOME (unfortunately, I'm terrible with names, so you'll just have to trust that he is DEFINITELY real.) and gave good recommendations for the burgers to try. I'm also terrible at remembering meals, especially when the meal I'm referring to is two months prior, but I DO remember that I had a "Gator Hater" Burger and I am able to recall that it was fantastic. The tap list was pretty small, but they had some quality brews available. If I'm ever back in Tallahassee, I will definitely return to this restaurant.
The amount of items on the menu is ideal! Tons of choices to try and create your burger masterpiece. The toppings are fresh and abundant. The burger was cooker to perfection with a juicy spicy mix. Pickles with slaw worked for me while my girlfriend had the turkey sandwich was was surprisingly tasty and moist. The drinks are a bit expensive, but I am getting used to that...
After a long, hot and wet day of packing the truck we decided to hit Monks for one of their signature sandwiches. Sunday night in Tallahassee is tough for eating out and Monks was the right choice. We came as we were - hot, dirty and sweaty and fit right in with the regular clientele. This is, after all, a college town (only kidding - we were sweaty and the coeds were hot). I had the Gator Hater Burger and a couple of beers - just the thing to prime me for the drive tomorrow. Everyone else had burgers, fries and onion rings along with copious amounts of beer. We were celebrating the end of a long day and also this, too, would be another "last visit" to a favorite restaurant in Tallahassee.
One of the best burgers I've ever had.  That's all that needs to be said.
This place is great! They have huge menu... burgers, pizza, pasta, etc. Its definitely a Tallahassee must. They have a peanut butter burger that my boyfriend enjoys. Their appetizer wings are fantastic and if you like heat, then you are in for a treat. The place can get crowded on big days (i.e. grad weekend, game days) but their food is awesome. It can feel a bit claustrophobic inside when it gets packed. They have in door and outdoor seating. Also they have a cornhole set up outside that you can play while you wait.
I had the Panhandle Burger - delish! good fries, good service, love all the sauce choices. Affordable beer. Also very nice to sit outside out back
Everyone seems to love this place. It's overrated. The food is decent enough but not enough to justify the price.
This place was great! Brought the puppy and sat outside at a picnic table with gorgeous weather and nice scenery. Lillie my waitress was so sweet!!! Burgers and chicken sandwiches were great. Lots of choices on menu, there's something here for everyone
Stopped in around 8 on a Friday night and they said a 20 minute wait.  Ended up only being about 5 minutes.  Burgers were perfectly cooked medium rare as ordered.  Great flavor and good quality bun. We had bacon cheese fries for an app, and they were great.
Mango habanero wings are better than any out there! There is nothing on the menu that they will not change for you if you ask.  Great staff!
Hands down my favorite place in tally. My wife and I love the nachos as an appetizer. Their hummus is wonderful. Staff is very friendly and prompt. Don't pass this place up. Also, the portions are large, if you can finish meal, you're either a fat ass or just plain starving
Why 4 stars? Because after another visit, it could be bumped up to 5.   ---   ---   --- Definitely a 4.5 situation here. I had the Lipsmacker - the burger with peanut butter and jelly. Yes... it sounds semi-repulsive almost. Trust me, it's anything but. After eating this wonderful treat, I'm kind of surprised we don't see it more often. Shockingly, ground beef goes well with PB&J. And the sweet potato fries on the side were the perfect compliment. The only issue with Wells Brothers aka Monk's, is that the wait time for food is usually long. I've only been once, but my girlfriend went to FSU and said it's almost always a 30 minute wait for food. That's unfortunate, but it's totally worth it. We will definitely go back on our next visit to Tallahassee.
Best burgers and fries in town.
The service was great and the food was even better. I had the Panhandle burger and I have to say it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Very reasonably priced. I highly recommend this place.
The experience is always a little disappointing.  The blue cheese and apple burger is delicious, but there is a little too much going on with it.  It's always a REALLY messy experience.  While I continue to go for the sake of the messy burger, I haven't found anything else on the menu I love.  The salsa is more "hot" than flavorful, the chips are always a bit stale, and I'm not a fan of the fries.   Worse than that, the service is always super slow, sometimes taking over 10 minutes to get drinks.  If you go there for a lunch break, don't plan on being back to work within an hour.
I can't say enough nice things about this place. Oh, Monks, how do I love thee, let me count the ways. 1. Amazing variety of sauces 2. Great back porch seating area 3. Cheap happy hour 4.  Nice size portions of fries. 5.  Unique tasting pizza. 6.  Yummy and UNIQUE veggie burgers (try em with the sauces!  I had one with blue cheese and pineapple, it was weird (in a good way, like Haight in SF) and delish.) 7. Awesome quesadillas. The one downside is that you'll probably have to wait a little while, but good things come to those who wait-- so what are YOU waiting for?  Head to Monks now!! P.S. Sorry about that last paragraph- whoa- totally over the top.  I have no idea how some cheesy  car salesman hijacked my review.  My bad.
Mmmmmmburgers. This place has some of the best burgers....EVER. It's definitely not a high brow haute cuisine dining experience, but it is an emporium of fatty, juicy goodness. Go and eat. PS: Great onion rings, but service can be a little sluggish.
I like what I order there. I get vegan burger and vary up what's on it. I think putting peanut butter on it is rather good. People who eat meat go gaga over this place- me... I'm underwhelmed. Its just a freaking burger. Been there done that, no matter how much cheese your pour on top of it. Even if I ate meat and cheese I would never pay 8-9 bucks for a burger meal. I'm not the biggest fan of american food, but its good here for the first few times. I just feel like they rely too much on serving much of the same. The split charge is ridicules too. I have a right to split a 7-8 dollar burger with a friend and not be charged an extra 2 bucks! That screams cheap and money hungry to me. This is a college town, get over yourselves and let me eat what I want in peace.
First visit didn't do much for for me, but after that my opinion has only gone up. The specialty of Wells Brothers is the hamburgers, and that is what you should get when you visit. The menu includes a wide variety of pre-planned specialty burgers with names like "The Panhandle" and "The Gator-Hator." My favorite option by far is the "Build Your Own Burger." I should mention that both this option and most of the specialty burgers cost $8.50 as of this writing. With the build your own you start with lettuce and tomato and choose up to two sides (like jalapenos, grilled onions, and even apple slices) a type of cheese, and a sauce (wide variety for "dijionnaise" to "cajun cream." Of course, you can add more toppings and also "premium toppings" like fried eggs for even higher costs. You can truly choose some tantalizing options and the burger I've dreamed up at Wells Bros. is a spice delight indeed. Finally, there are several bread options, including sourdough bread and kaiser rolls. You then choose from a number of sides. The standard choices are fruit, chips and salsa (ok, but not worth getting), and the fries, which are pretty basic, but crunchy and good. They bring you a small cup of ketchup that I go through quickly, but when I've asked for more it's never been a problem. The restaurant serves Coke products, and is small and definitely primarily a college crowd, though you will also see older locals, including office workers, dining at this local favorite. Service has never been bad during my visits. All the waitresses have always been friendly and pretty efficient. Televisions are everywhere and alcohol is served. If you are in Tallahassee and looking for a burger, Wells Brothers is a good choice. It's not the best burger ever, but is one of the better burgers around here.
If you're looking for an awesome burger, this is the place to get it. In my personal opinion, this is probably the best burger place in Tallahassee. They have unique options like the Lip Smacker which has Peanut Butter and Bacon. It sounds like something that shouldn't go together, but it's one of my favorite burgers. The flavors work surprisingly well there. Along with their specialty burgers, you can build your own and customize everything from the meat (chicken, beef, or vegan) and toppings to the bun. All the burgers come with fries (onion rings or sweet potato fries for an up-charge) and a pickle spear. The sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had. I highly recommend them. The regular fries are also quite good. My only complaint is that every time I've been here, I've been informed that our burgers will take about 30 minutes. I never been here with more than 2-3 people. I'm not sure why it takes 30 minutes (or longer) to cook burgers and it seems to be too long for burgers. However, the burgers are juicy, perfectly cooked, and perfectly seasoned so I find it the length of time to be somewhat justified but still a bit excessive. Other than the burgers, they have a wide selection of appetizers, salads, and sandwiches. The only appetizer I've had is the hummus. It's pretty good and a sizable portion to share with 3-4 people. I haven't had any of the salads or sandwiches so I'm unable to comment on those. I might have to try one of the sandwiches on my next visit... despite my natural inclination to get a burger.
A little divey, but great food and service.  They have a great beer selection, lots of TVs on the walls, a nice patio out back and the back bar room is very cool.  This place (Monks, said the sign) has a lot of character. Oh yeah, you're also in Seminole Country, so there are some really hot girls working there.  Always a plus; who doesn't like hot girls? They have some really good food.  Their panhandle burger was delicious; I loved the roasted red pepper (Imma steal that idea).  I'm sure it gets crowded so try and duck the peak hours if possible.  Otherwise, relax.  It's worth it.
Like most "out of towners", we were a little confused when we were trying to find this place because the sign outside is for "Monks Bar & Grille". Yeah, you're at the right place. We actually found this place after a quick search on Yelp. The place I'd wanted to go wasn't open on Sunday, so we had to go to plan B. I'd say Plan B turned out even better, to be honest. (No I'm not going to hate on where I originally wanted to go because it's still a decent place. I will go to Wells Brothers instead when I'm in Tally and craving a sandwich though. Just take my word for it.) I called on the phone to check that they were still open since I was a dunce and could not find the place. According to the map, we'd driven past twice. On the phone, I was told it was across from the bank. Odd they didn't tell me that the name on their sign was different? Regardless...we walked up cautiously but were thrilled when we stepped inside to realize we were at the right place. A quick Google search confirmed there was some sort of legal dispute over the name so they were forced to change it, but the locals (and sign out front) haven't adapted. Wells Brothers boasts amazing, unique sandwiches, and they deliver on their word. While they have a variety of offerings, the sandwiches and the burgers are why you come here...HUNGRY. I definitely recommend a side of their sweet potato fries with honey mustard. No one believes me until they try it, but sweet potato fries are best paired with a good honey mustard. Ketchup is for regular fries. The sandwiches and burgers are gooey and messy and flavorful with fun names like The Sloppy Wodek, The Soprano, The Seminole and of course, The Gator-Hater. They offer a variety of burgers as well, but if that doesn't jump off the menu at you, you can also build your own. Definitely a great place to stop for a bite.. just look for the sign that says Monks...
This is my second time visiting Tallahassee but the Philly Chicken Cheese Steak called me back to Monk's.  This place was crowded both times I came for dinner and everything on the menu looks amazing.  The chili is great, with a great spiciness to it.   All the burgers look amazing.  We tried the Lip Smacker with peanut butter, bacon, and jam.  It was lip smackingly delicious!  The only downside to this place is they use all disposable flatware and plates.  WTF is up with Floridians being super wasteful?  Almost every eatery I've been to uses Styrofoam.  I guess Floridians don't care about the earth :P
Why Monks must you always disappoint me so? This burger joint is pretty much hoppin every time I pass by it, lunch or dinner. Been here when it was once called Main Ingredient and once as Monks. Today we decide to give it another try after two forgetful experiences, but still not impressed. We ordered the pita pizza to start, but its nothing more than a pita topped with their artichoke dip and drenched with cheese and a few scattered tomatoes on top, really nothing spectacular. We couldn't dine in without trying one of their specialty burgers, I decided to try the Ad Burger- black bean salsa with a over-medium egg, Cajun mayo, and tomatoes. I was hoping all those ingredients would just magically work so well together and blow me away, but I was wrong. We also got their Big Dipper, but I can't even go on to explain how mediocre that was. Onion rings and fries were pretty delicious, but it's really hard to mess that up I guess. I had my eye set on a few more burgers, so I won't give up yet. But until then, my opinion still stands that this place needs a little more work with their flavor combinations.
Amazing and delicious burgers.  Their side items are also unique and flavorful (such as the paste salad). Overall, a great place with a great vibe that me and my friends love going, but not as often as we would like because the place is a little pricey and the beer choices are extensive (but most beer choices are expensive as well - pitchers are in the mid to high teens).
Original Yelp: "I don't know why my brother likes this place so much.  Otherwise known as "Monks,"  we gave it two tries and had awful food both times...soggy burgers, limp fries and pasty pizza.  On the plus side, it's close enough for me to walk there.  I guess that's why it gets one star instead of zero.  Poor service and limited parking."   So, my wife wanted to try it again, and based on all the positive yelps, I thought I'd give it another go.  This time I constructed my own burger with feta cheese, pepperoni and balsamic vinaigrette.  And....it was actually good.  :-)   So, I'm revising my star rating from 1 to 2 stars.  It's still not someplace I'd choose to go, but I guess you CAN get good food eventually.  lol.
Met my son there for dinner on a Wednesday evening. There is a small dining area in the front, a larger one in the back (with a bar) and outside seating under trees. I ordered a house red wine which was pretty darned good. They have a large assortment of beers - but I was there for the food. I wasn't expecting much but I was pleasantly surprised by the assortment of burgers. You get your choice of a 9 ounce  burger, chicken breast or a veggie burger. The burger menu was amazing including a burger with peanutbutter! My son had the make your own burger with pineapple, jalepinos, pepperjack cheese, mango-jalipino sauce. He loved it and his fries were good too. I had a burger from the menu and I've forgotten what it was called. It had bacon, cheddar cheese perfectly melted, freshly roasted red peppers and a spicy sauce on a nice sour dough bun. I loved it- absolutely loved it. I want to try the chili. Slaw and onion burger. My side was a pasta salad which was penne pasta tossed with light olive oil, tomato, fresh parmigiana cheese and spices. Very nice! I had leftovers! Oh, I didn't mention the wings! We had the spicy sweet wing. Yum! A sweet jalipino mango glaze. Wow. I'll go back again. Our service was so good and everyone was very friendly. I tipped 40% tonight I was happy!
The burgers are really well cooked and they're so big that they take me an entire day to eat. Their menu has a bunch of creative burgers, like pb&j burger but you can build your own burger as well. My vegetarian friends like the veggie burger which was bigger than any veggie burger I've ever seen. My only issue with the place is that it can get really crowded since it's a fave for students.
Great place to go with some friends for some beers and burgers. Not the cheapest on a college budget but it's affordable. It's fun to watch a game there.
Lived up to the other reviews!  Food was delicious and we had excellent service.  Pulled pork nachoes  were yummy as were all of the hamburgers we ordered.  Definitely recommend.
I wasn't too crazy about this place.  It was hot, loud, and crowded, with uncomfortable seating and spotty, semi-rude service. Food was good enough (I got one of the burgers) but not even remotely close to being "the best burger I've ever had"... and certainly not good enough to make up for the aforementioned issues. The only thing tempting me into a possible return visit is my morbid curiosity over the peanut butter and jelly burger...
This place proves that it is not that hard to make simple things (like a cheeseburger) special. Extra care is put in to making the bacon perfectly crispy, the bun perfectly toasted and the burger cooked how you like it. Best burger I've had in Tallahassee. Very cool place, I highly recommend.
I went here for lunch on a Monday and they were not too busy, but there were still plenty of people eating there (considering the day/time.) I had a burger, (The Panhandle) which is topped with bbq sauce, red peppers, cheddar cheese and bacon. It was amazing! I got the sweet potato fries which were fantastic and sweet, crinkle-cut fries, as well as a decent root beer float with lots of ice cream and a full bottle of root beer for me to add myself. The thing that stood out was the service. They were extremely friendly and nice. Overall, loved it. It's bigger than it looks from  the front (there is seating in the back and an outdoor area.) Would definitely recommend for lunch. :) Forgot to mention the portions! I was full after half my burger (took the other half and a large number of fries home, but I wasn't super hungry when I got there, and I did have the root beer float as well.)
Best make-your-own burger I have ever had. Downside was the weird bartender and the fact that every side (fries, onion rings) I order from them comes soggy :(
I enjoyed this place when they first opened, but they've been killing my expectations ever since. On two separate occasions, we've found something weird in our burgers. My boyfriend found a twist-tie and I found a plastic closure for a bag of bread! This can be explained by how horribly small the kitchen and counter is, so they barely have any room to prepare the food. I really want to like them again, peanut butter on a hamburger is one of the most amazing things I've ever experienced.
Was driving through Tally and stopped FSU. Wanted to eat at a local place and this was highly recommend. It was really good. Both me and my friend had sandwiches. I had The Seminole and what makes this really good is the honey mustard. Its a solid place and the staff was super friendly.
Amazing burgers! I am not in Tallahassee often, but this place is on my "must visit" list!  From the standard burger to one of the specialty burgers, this is the place for a meal you will not find anywhere else in Tallahassee, perhaps even the state!  Highly recommend!
The Fat Guys review: Monk's/Wells Brothers Bar and Grill You can find Wells Brothers at the junction of Tharpe Street and High Road. Look for it at the sign that says Monk's. Seems Monk's is trademarked by a restaurant in Minnesota or ?, and was offended by Monk's in Tallahassee stealing the name. Confused? Just call it Monk's. But this is a restaurant review, not a history lesson. So how was it? Arriving at 6:30, we scored a kitchen view table in the front room against the wall. Unfortunately, there was a loud hum that so bothered us that we moved to an adjacent table with an even better kitchen view. For a former restaurateur, this can be good or bad. Our server immediately announced that she sucked as a waiter, and couldn't understand why she'd been made a waiter. We should have listened to her as she was more correct than she imagined. The FG crew has kids, so we're used different looking people and are usually unfazed by appearances. Tonight was an exception. Our server had pants half way down her ass with boxer shorts prominently displayed, and an attitude that matched her looks (a rather sharp, snotty attitude). Not a good image for the restaurant, to be sure. We placed our drink order, and decided to table share the hummus. This appetizer was more than adequately portioned for 4, but was sided with what looked to be one pita split into 12 small wedges. There was way more hummus than pita to deliver it. Tasty it was. First Newcastle was down, so I ordered a pint of Yuengling form the draft menu. Too bad they didn't have it anymore. Disappointed, I selected Hoegaarten instead. For the main course we ordered an Italian chef salad. When the server asked what dressing, FG1 asked for Italian, only to learn they don't offer Italian. Our server said they had something like Italian, Dijon Balsamic Vinaigrette, but she didn't like it so she didn't recommend it. FG1 settled for this dressing. An Italian salad with no Italian dressing? The menu mentioned assorted crackers consisted of 2 (two) crackers, one butterfly shaped and one round, so I guess they met the menu description. FG1's lady ordered a Greek salad. When asked what dressing she chose ..... GREEK! But alas, Monk's offers no Greek dressing. Lemon vinaigrette was the suggestion, but honey mustard was chosen. A Greek salad but no Greek dressing? Seems a waste to offer a specialty salad without the appropriate dressing. The assorted crackers here were, at the diner's request, supplemented with a plate of wheat saltines (we keep those in the back). FG2 chose the Soprano sandwich. A typical Italian prep that somehow is dressed with Italian vinaigrette that's unavailable on the Italian salad. I'm unsure what my sandwich was dressed with, but it was quite tasty. I'd choose this one again. Sided with chips and salsa, the commercial chips were somewhat stale, the house made salsa quite good (but needs more heat). FG2's lady chose the Old Fashioned Steak sandwich, touted as a Wells Brothers favorite. The grilled sirloin steak strips were, chewy. Difficult chewy, in fact. So much so that the sandwich was a challenge to eat. The horseradish mayo was good, but could use more assertive horseradish flavor. This taster is not a fire eater like FG2, so the heat observation means the horseradish was a lightweight addition. Be aware that the prices on the takeout menu are not necessarily the same as the in house menu, as we learned when we snagged a takeout menu to get a to-go quesadilla (the new T/O menus are being printed). Overall - food, good. Server, BIG needs improvement. Atmosphere - college kid. Our recommendation - maybe a return, but not likely unless things change.
Best burgers in the city. I love this place. I have never had anything nasty from here, I always do the build your own burger or the chicken philly! I stayed right down the street so I tried it out of convenience and I'm glad I did !!!! When I graduated I took my family here and they like it. I wish it was bigger because it can get cramped and noisy but at the end of the day the food makes up for it. If your adventurous try one of their crazy creations lol, my roommate like the gator hater.
