Solid dogs & burgers concept.  I was very happy to see the curry wurst option and so we ordered two.  A tasty item, but for those that may expect it to be a copy of the German national fast-good dish (without question Currywurst) - understand that it is voodoo dog's interpretation of it. It's GOOD!  It's just served on a bun (whole) and not sliced into 3/4" pieces with curry sauce and no bun. For the "purists" it is easily resolved.  Ditch the bun, and cut it up! (Having taken the trouble to make the above point paints me as one PEEVISHLY S.O.B....) The menu is great.  Put a hotdog or hamburger together yourself - or go with predetermined creations.  You shouldn't be disappointed. Icing on the cake,here, is the functional Ms. Pacman and the to-be-functional Galaga arcade games.  Finally, a joint where the middle-aged can battle for who's high score initials grace the top of the list on display for all to see! ;) Voodoo Dogs deserves its high Yelp review rankings!  Congenial counter service, clean dining area and restrooms, creative decor.  Five stars in class!!!
The hot dogs were hot and tasty. We had the Jefferson ( definitely recommended for a Mac and Cheese lover) and the Mexican dog with Guac and sour cream. They were both very good.  They are around $4~ and they are not huge, so you can try two varieties and be satisfied. The Mac and cheese was very creamy and satisfying so I was full with one dog, and as other reviewers said the dogs are fried and the buns are not steamed. Customer service was nice, I will definitely come back.
The dogs are fried and the buns are not steamed, making them not too soft.   I've had better hot dogs from Costco or a street vendor, do not waste your time here, I do not understand what all the hype is about this place.
I was traveling to Voodoo Dog from Jacksonville. I drove up to attend the Florida St., Wake Forest game. As I was traveling I pulled up some of the top food places in Tallahassee on my Yelp app. After a few suggestions I picked Voodoo Dog. A choice that my taste buds were glad I picked. It was also a plus being close to Doak Campbell Stadium. B/c after finishing my meal I got all gussied up and walked to the stadium. I ended up getting The Jefferson hot dog and the cheese fries. First the cheese fries were really good and flavorful. Just the flavor alone in the cheese was good enough to eat alone. The hot dog was wrapped in bacon and topped with Macaroni and cheese. Very good combination, the mac and cheese alone is maybe a 3 out of 5. But with the hot dog it was a perfect combination. The inside was nice, lots of drawings and memorabilia sprawled along the walls. They also serve beer in the restaurant. I wish they had a place like this in Jacksonville. This is definitely the type of place to have a good time,drink and have a good dog. I have also heard that their burgers are good too. Next time I attend a game or just want a foodie weekend in Tallahassee, I will definitely head back to this place.
get the jefferson!
For a place named after their choice hot dogs, their burgers are beautifully done! The order comes with a good portion of fries. I got the Cowabunga (the grilled pineapple is perfectly proportioned to cover the patty) as is and was able to add from the condiments available on the counter (like cholula!). Fries were also very well done. I'll definitely be back to try their dogs. Bonus: Cool decor. P.S.- Don't forget to bring quarters to play a game of Ms. Pac-Man
For the price, this place is amazing! Being that one of my favorite food's is hotdogs! I had always seen pictures of the delicious macaroni and cheese hotdog and always wondered where i could find it, and i finally did at voodoo dog..... for only $4! It was heaven in my mouth. The environment is clean and the calories are worth it! they have all different crazy (and delicious) combinations. Highly recommended. :) Oh and not to mention they have amazing burgers!
Ordered their Chicago Style hotdog. It was pretty tasty but, I have to go back again to try more items. But for now 3 stars it is.
Voodoo Dog is just average to me. It is tasty, but in the end, if I want a real hot dog meal I am going to Dog Et Al.
Voodoo Dog was a small restaurant  and almost hidden if you're looking for it.  The parking was limited to a small back lot and street parking.  Inside of this Voodoo Dog location was small and cozy.  Their menu was large and had descriptions of each item so it was nice to know what to expect.  We each ordered and sat down.  The cashier was nice and told me the two popular item on the menu were the Jefferson ($4) and the Wake-N-Bake ($4.50) which were both on the hot dog side of the menu.  The Jefferson was a bacon-wrapped dog with housemade mac 'n' cheese and the Wake-N-Bake was a bacon-wrapped dog with a fried egg and cheddar cheese.  Both of those sounded pretty good to me. I ordered the Voodoo Burger ($9.50) which came with fries, the Jefferson dog, and a fountain soda ($1.75).  If you want any toppings besides ketchup, mustard, or mayo then it would be an extra 25 cents to $1 depending on what topping you want.  All of that was on their menu.  We sat down and waited for our food.  Each table had ketchup, mustard, curry ketchup, a spray bottle of vinegar, and a jar full of something that I forgot what the cashier said. Our food came and I ate the Voodoo Burger first.  It was an Angus burger topped with a Polish sausage, cheddar, and American cheese.  It was pretty good and I actually told the cashier about it later since she's never tried it before.  I would say that was enough for one person to fill them up with the fries left to finish the job; however, I was still hungry and started on my Jefferson dog.  It was also pretty good and it was too bad I couldn't take a better picture.  I recommend either the Voodoo Burger if you want a burger or the Jefferson if you want a hot dog.  I thought the fries were good and I tried some of the curry ketchup with them.  The curry ketchup was interesting and definitely worth trying. Great place for some good food.  Come check it out!
During my time at FSU, this is where I would go to grab something to eat before I headed in to work. I absolutely loved this place. I miss it and wish they would build one of these in Orlando. I would frequent this location, and the one on Tennessee, depended on which was I was headed. I loved the TJ dog and have tried to recreate it unsuccessfully many times. Also, for a name with like Voodoo Dog, they do not slouch on their burgers.
How do I describe Voodoo Dog? The place doesn't look that great on the outside but step into the restaurant and you'll realize a place doesn't need to look fancy to pack a tasty punch. I've been here more than once and make it a priority to come to Voodoo Dog every time I'm in town. I stopped here for my lunch break this week since it was a quick walk from the Capitol. I'm so glad I did. There are a ton of varieties of hot dogs and burgers here, but the menu isn't just limited to those options. You can basically create any kind of burger or hot dog you want. The prices are inexpensive for what you get. I ordered a bunless burger with a variety of additions, a side of coleslaw and a drink and it all came out to $11. The burger itself was really awesome. It was perfectly cooked and loaded with Swiss cheese and onions. I added some Sriracha because I felt like adding a kick to my burger. I don't see a lot of places with Sriracha sauce so this was really cool to me. The coleslaw here is really great and fresh. The portion was rather large for $2 and it hit the spot along with my burger. The service is friendly and the food is good. There are also old school video games here like Pac Man, so I can definitely see this being a cool "hangout" kind of spot in the area.
After a long drive we didn't want anything too crazy but this place is meant for that. The reg hot dog with the meat wrapped in bacon was good but don't go out of your way for just a simple hot dog. The menu was colorful and I'm sure the crazier stuff was unbelievably yummy. Friendly staff but no AC madd it super stuffy. Luckily it was empty so it wasn't too bad.
Could've lived without eating here. Everyone raves about it so I finally decided to go. Wasn't the BEST hotdog I've ever had but it was okay for the price. It has some pretty cool combinations and I could totally see this place being even better when your drunk or high. But on a regular Monday night just getting some food on the way home...I'd stop else where. Cool decorations though and the baked beans were really good for only two bucks.
Really good Awesome selection of hot dogs and burgers Range from 3 dollars to 6 for dogs and 4 to 10 for burgers Cool pictures of 1980 bands and actors Nice place.  Parking in small lot next to shop
A cool twist on an American classic. Voodoo Dog's menu has a lot of creative hot dog creations. I mean who ever thought of putting hummus or pineapple on a hot dog. This place is truly unique, not only in the hot dogs but also in the decor. I have had multiple hot dogs here, but I would say the best would be the Jefferson Dog. It has homemade mac n cheese and crushed Ritz crackers. If you like hot dogs, give this place a try!
Too bad they dont have 7 stars.... they fry their dog wrapped in bacon.... yeeeeeeesss.   And the one with pineapple... holy moly it is goooooood.   Gotta try it.   Get 2 or 3 dogs, lots of napkins, and enjoy.
Unique hot dog and burger joint. Try their burger that has peanut butter on it. Oddly, it some how works. Not sure how, but it does...
I have to agree that this is a good place, highly recommend and such.  Hot dog wrapped in bacon is a concept way past and ahead of it's time.  But being from Wisconsin, and eating the bigger, better cousin of the hot dog, the BRAT, I can only go four stars.  But I will go back and visit again, and again, and again....and you should too!  Service was great, which I absolutely love about a place.
Voodoo dog is great for when you're in the mood for something a little different. They have lots of unique, delicious hot dog choices at a reasonable price. Having beer available is an added bonus.
Great experience! We tried several of the hot dogs and they were all delicious. The kids liked the plain voodoo dog. My husband's favorite was the wake and bake. It had a fried egg on it. The Jefferson had Mac n cheese in top. Surprisingly good. The atmosphere was fantastic. Old LP covers. A Mrs. Pacman and Galaga. Fun! Will definitely return when in Tallahassee.
When I die from lethal injection because I ran over one of many running pedestrians on Tennessee and Gaines Street, I want my last meal to be from Voodoo Dog. In the middle of a sunny day in Tallahassee, Florida, I was sitting at a stool next to a painting of Godzilla terrorizing the city of Tokyo whilst eating a hotdog. Before me was a tray with the following: The Jefferson: Bacon wrapped dog, mac and cheese with sprinkled Ritz Crackers. The Wake and Bake: Bacon wrapped dog, fried egg, with cheddar cheese. The Voodoo Burger: Juicy burger, with kielbasa sausage and Viagra (Explains the food erection after meal). I grabbed the Jefferson and took a bite. My taste buds were so overwhelmed that my head began to spin. I realized I was fading. In my state of semi-consciousness, I noticed an apparition in front of me. He slapped me across my face with a hotdog and he spoke. "WAKE UP, CHRIS. You have based your entire stupid dislike of hotdogs you have tasted on hotdogs you tasted north of the DMV. Not only that, the hotdogs were eaten at shacks and side carts on the streets of New York. For this, you have shamed your people and dishonored your family. For this, you shouldn't be allowed to partake in the joy that is Voodoo's hotdogs... but I like you, and I know you will spread the good word. WAKE UP!" When I awoke, my food was gone. I had a ring of mac and cheese bits around my mouth, grease from my wrists to the tips of my fingers, my shirt untucked, and my pants were unbuttoned. Instead of feeling violated, I was satiated. Not just satiated, but I was overcome with joy and satisfaction. From that day forth I have been preaching the good word, with a hotdog. Hallelujah and Amen. Wait time: 5/5 Food: 5/5 Service 5/5 Cleanliness 4/5 Price: $
This is the first restaurant we ate at after moving to Tallahassee, and I'm not sure we'll get to experience many more because this is going to be a favorite! The dogs are great (we got the Jefferson) and chili fries, and I'm considering a second dog, and not because it wasn't filling, but because it's so good.
Tasty. Reaaaaaal tasty. I had the Hari Kari with pineapple and teriyaki over a bacon wrapped dog. Interesting flavor combo & bread was pretty good for something that comes out of a bag. Boyfriend had a bacon wrapped dog with chili on top and loved it. Definitely going to come back & have it again!
Let's start with the bread. A soft, non standard hot dog bun that is awesome. I tried the chili do this time and shared a Jefferson. Hubby had a Guinness flavored bratwurst with curry ketchup. He said it was good. One day, I am going to try a burger! Good value. Good food!
OMG! I so love their hotdogs.. It's delicious! It is one of best hotdogs in the town.
The yelp reviews helped me to find this hole-in-the-wall institute of tubular meat. The many varieties of dogs include some that have bacon-wrapped dogs, along with different toppings, like macaroni and cheese, hummus, and other usuals (like sauerkraut, cheese, chili, jalapeño). They serve awesome burgers too. Service was friendly and prompt. The surrounding was fun with pictures of familiar movie scenes from "The Shining,""Godzilla," and other actors. Just a great place to keep your eyes entertained, while your stomach is being tickled by great simple food with a twist. Come and see!
Delicious! I had the Jefferson, and added jalapenos on top. It was amazing. The decor is fun and hipster, and they have free Wi-Fi, which makes me worry that I'll do all of my homework there and eat a ton of hot dogs. Service was friendly and it didn't take more than 20 minutes to get our hot dogs. I'll be back!
Do yourself a Favor and get the Jefferson.
Great food & awesome atmosphere! Highly recommended! A must for anyone! Took our kids (13&14) and they loved it also!
Very good. Nice people.
I stopped in with a coworker while in town on business based on the Yelp reports.  And they were dead on.  This place has a fantastic menu with lots of interesting creations.  I had the Jefferson (bacon wrapped with mac & cheese) and a chili dog.  They were awesome and very reasonably priced.  We have a tight squeeze between meetings and our flight home tomorrow but we just might make it back for one more.
It would be unethical not giving this 5 stars. I have eaten here twice a week for my entire stay at the residence inn across the street. Burgers are top notch and creative for a very reasonable price. The atmosphere is very cool and the pop art hanging on the walls keeps your attention while you're waiting. Very friendly and helpful employees that were always pleasant to me.
Fantastic dogs, burgers and fries with a funky decor.   Love this place (but my doctor doesn't. )
This place was packed when I had lunch, which is a good sign. I enjoyed my hot dog with slaw and baked beans. I also tasted a hot dog with mac and cheese on top. Very heavy for lunch, so it is the perfect spot to eat at if you haven't had breakfast.
Outstanding hotdogs and fries!  Lots of different topping options including chili, Mac and Cheese, avacado, peppers, bacon. Come for happy hour fro 3-6 and Bacon wrapped dogs are only $2 bucks, with $1 dollar beers.
One of my favorite places to grab lunch. My favorite is the Abe Frohman, just a classic Chicago-style dog, with fries on the side. I also love their First Friday deal which is a plain voodoo dog (hot dog wrapped with bacon) with a PBR for only $2. Staff is really nice, and their decor/music selection makes me feel at hipster home.
Loved the atmosphere! The cashier is very friendly. I got the Barth burger which was good but I could've done without the egg it lacked seasoning. Overalls without the egg is was very good I also love the fries. My boyfriend got the Jefferson and it was delicious! Definitely going back the next time I visit Tally.
Get the Jefferson if u like Mac and cheese
The vibe at this place is to my liking, great theme on the walls, like the old school arcade games. However it stops there... We ordered the abe froman and a veggie dog. Buns seemed like cheap buns, they should upgrade to something better especially considering the price. Hot dogs did not have that "pop" when you bite into them, have had better veggie dogs, not sure what product they are using. I wonder if the hot dogs are 100% all beef kosher, probably not. Chicago "Abe Froman" dog was not served authentically, if you get a chicago dog in chicago it is nothing like that. On a real chicago dog you will have Different style relish, half tomatoes, full pickle spear and a poppy seed bun. Sport peppers were fine though. I did think their fries were good though. With the limited options in Tallahassee for a hot dog, I guess there isn't much choice. If you are used to getting hot dogs in NY, Philly, Wisconsin or Chicago areas, basically anybody that takes their encased meats seriously you'll be disappointed with the quality of the hot dogs. The place would go out of business in Chicago unless they change their menu, great venue though so I hope they get their ingredients in check and use a higher quality dog and a higher quality bun, those are the two main problems but those are easily remedied by choosing higher quality ingredients for the 2 most important parts. I would go here just to hang out and get some beers, I'd pass on most of the food though, at least the hot dogs, not worth it IMO.
Friendly Place, Loved the different options for toppings. They did have free wifi which was cool.  The service was quick and great. Great prices, Great place. We ordered 1 chili hot dog with onions, 1 hot dog with mac n cheese, and 1 hotdog with bbq beans and coleslaw and we had the delicious chili cheese fries!
Cool place. After a week of traveling and eating nothing but fast food chain burgers and pizza I was dying for something different.   I saw the sign for Voodoo Dog and figured I'd give it a shot.   This is a funky little place near campus that caters mostly to the student population, but I felt welcome in there regardless of my clearly advanced years.   The staff was friendly and helpful in explaining the options for my Voodoo Dog experience.   I opted for a classic Voodoo Dog which is a bacon wrapped all beef hotdog.   While I was waiting, I took notice of the decor.  On one wall was a bunch of vintage photos of pop culure icons from the 40's to 90's.  One of the few benefits of being older is that you have lived long enough to know most of the people in the photos.  One of the downsides is that the pretty young girl behind the counter calls you "Sir" All in all a great experience.  The food was good, the staff was friendly, and I got to eat something made to order. Good stuff all around.
Yummy!!! Found it on Yelp driving through Tally on a road trip!! delicious, we tried the Jefferson WOW, Fat Katz, Chili Dog, & Good 'Ol Boy!! Worth the drive from I-10 :) the Jefferson was the best!! Fried hot dog, wrapped in bacon and topped with Mac N Cheese!!
A fun, funky, yet slightly overpriced hot dog joint that's easy to miss in the gentrifying All Saints / Gaines Street area. There's no denying that Voodoo Dog has a tasty hotdog. In fact, they have MANY variations on the hot dog with lots of unusual or downright bizarre toppings, and, of course, the famous "Voodoo Dog" itself, which is a hot dog wrapped in bacon. The vibe of this place definitely stands in stark contrast to the Dog Et Al hot dog joint which is essentially right around the corner. Where Dog Et Al is "Aw shucks" plain-faced and brightly lit with a throwback appeal, Voodoo Dog is darkly lit and edgier (if a hot dog restaurant can indeed be "edgy"). Coke products are served, including that cult favorite, the Mexican Coke in a glass bottle. You can choose to get a combo for a couple dollars extra that includes Zapp's chips, but unfortunately you cannot make a combo with a hotdog and fries. All hamburgers DO come with fries, but at around $8-9 a piece, based on their lukewarm reception on Yelp, I stuck with the hotdog. As I wrote, there are numerous takes on the hot dog to choose from. I was very tempted to get the "Philly Dog" which has peppers, onions, and provolone cheese, but that felt rather generic and safe, so I wanted to try something slightly unusual for my habits (without going full bore and getting a dog with guacamole!). I chose the "Fat Katz" dog which came topped with deli mustard, sauerkraut, and melted Swiss cheese. This dog will cost you $4, which isn't terrible, but with a side of cheese fries and a drink I was looking at over $10, and it feels like that ought to be closer to a $7-8 combo deal. The fries were nothing special, but I must admit the cheese sauce drizzled over them was strangely delicious and not used sparingly. I will try to chili cheese fries at some point, which are $5 as opposed to $4 for the cheese fries. All-in-all, Voodoo Dog is a must visit, and with so many versions of hot dog to choose from, it will take some work to get bored of this place. At the end of the day though, if I had to choose, I think I'd choose the hotdogs at Dog Et Al.
Best Hot Dog place in Tallahassee. One of the only things I missed when I moved from Tallahassee, to DC. The atmosphere is kind of a funky, hippy vibe, but the good is anything but. They have a ton of options, the burgers are great, the fries are great, the dogs are great. Only thing they're missing is a liquor license.
I've always said that local food options are limited in Tally... and they are, but the few local options Tally does have are awesome. My friend recommended this place and I will proceed to recommend this place to all my friends. Voodoo Dog gives me hope that the local food culture here is growing slowly, but surely. This place has hot dogs, burgers and classic sides like fries, but I only had a few of the hot dogs so I'm unable to comment on the burgers or sides. The hot dogs I ordered were the Wake 'N Bake, Philly Dog, and The Jefferson. I'm a total egg slut so I think that a fried egg makes anything great... and that remains to be true with the Wake 'N Bake-- a bacon-wrapped dog with a fried egg topped with cheddar cheese. Delicious. The Philly dog, as you can imagine, was like a Philly sandwich on a hot dog-- regular dog topped with onions, peppers, and provolone cheese. It was a touch heavy on the pepper, but still very good. The Jefferson was phenomenal-- a bacon-wrapped dog topped with Mac 'n Cheese and crushed Ritz crackers... hell to the yesssss. I'm looking forward to my next trip to Tally just so I can eat here and try their other hot dog creations... or maybe a burger.
Been here twice already and have never been let down with their ever so creative hot dogs. Voodoo Dog offers a list of different hot dogs topped with a variety of different ingredients. Never tried their burgers, but I can attest to their hot dogs and how delicious they really are! Both times I've been, I have gotten the Good Ol' Boy, and it is surprisingly amazing. It's like a baseball game in your mouth- their signature bacon wrapped hot dog topped with baked beans and coleslaw. I was skeptical myself, but it works, as do all their dogs. I also enjoyed their Hari Kari, a hot dog topped with pineapple and a teriyaki marinade. Two things to be aware of when going though. First, parking is limited to a small gravel lot, hidden off the side street where this joint is located. Hot dogs are also relatively cheap so they don't break the bank, but expect to get two dogs if you are hungry. They are pretty small in size, but they have the genuine quality that two may be a good idea anyway to try more of what this place has to offer!
Let me start off by saying, I am not a hot dog person. Growing up, if I had a choice between a hot dog or burger, I would go for the burger. Oddly enough, I was really craving a hot dog one day and checked this place out. I was impressed with the choices and creativity of some of the creations. Not only do they have classic pairings of hot dogs, but interesting combinations. Most importantly, many of their hot dogs are wrapped in bacon! BACON. I am a bacon fanatic. SOLD. They also offer hamburgers, which I have had as well but I definitely come here for the dogs. Following are what I've had and my review: Abe Frohman (Chicago) Classic, fresh, and the celery salt really tips it off Good Ol' Boy DELICIOUS! Perfect pairings! Sweet, tangy, salty, great. Bon Jovi The sauteed peppers and onions gave a great texture and sweetness to the hot dog. Corndog Be wary of the stick! SUPER sharp! the dog is good, but the corn batter could be lighter and less gritty. The one with mac and cheese and ritz crackers, I felt like it should have had a sauce aspect to it because the mac and cheese and crackers are drier. Great flavor in the mac and cheese though. PB&B Burger: YUM, but Monk's is better. Cowabungea burger: the grilled pineapple definitely added a nice addition to the richness of the bacon and mozzarella. Fries are great here! They have malt vinegar in spray bottles!
Seriously the best chili dog I've ever had!  Fries were fresh and delish too. I wish they were in northeast Tally!
Kinda crazy that a hot dog spot gets such great reviews, but I have to admit that Voodoo dog is one of the better spots that Tally has to offer. I prefer their Jefferson dog, but the one with the egg is really good too. Also their namesake is tasty.
Any local has been to voodoo dog. They have a great selection of hotdogs and burgers that taste better than most in town. My favorite is the voodoo burger. It can get messy, so be prepared. The one off Gaines is a very unique atmosphere while the one off Tennessee is a little less so. The Gaines location has some old arcade games which is pretty great. Their food great. I love their fries and chili but am not a fan of the cole slaw because it has pineapples in it. It's just not for me, some people love it. If you haven't been, I highly recommend it.
Super YUMMY!!!   My husband had the "wake & bake" hotdog which was AWESOME! I had the "Tijuana" dog which was good... all I'd have added some shredded chedar cheese to it... but it was still good. It was a great funky & tasty place to have lunch on our Tallahassee trip.
Found this place thanks to Yelp. We like to try hot dog places in different locales, and this one did not disappoint. Near the state Capitol, the parking was pretty easy for dinner. We had 3 hot dogs all wrapped in bacon and 1 veggie dog.  Yummy. The sides were good too. But the 5 stars is because it all comes together: food, helpful and generous staff, fantastic decor and friendly, hip customers!
Nice little modern/hip hotdog spot.  Prices are reasonable and atmosphere is appropriately hip/ironic for a Gaines Street hotdog joint.  The hotdogs are really good, burgers pretty good and the staff is extremely pleasant.  Totally kid friendly, and they have a couple ancient video game to occupy said kids. I'm there with the boys every couple of weeks.  I usually have a burger or the excellent chili cheese dog.  Boy number one loves the Jefferson dog (mac & cheese) and boy two likes the plain Voodoo (bacon wrapped). Fun place to eat that makes you feel slightly cooler for finding it in the first place.
The burger I had was good, but nothing to write home about really. It seems like just about everything is covered in bacon except for the two vegetarian options they offer. I didn't have the fries buuuuuuuut I have heard they are the best around here. I gotta say though, the baked beans with the pork in it was a bit of a turn off. It would be great to have a vegetarian baked bean option (by the by, I am not a vegetarian but its nice to have options!) . I'm not sure what the other reviewer said about this being the only hot dog place in town, by the way. There's Super Perros, Dog et Al, and several more. I have heard their wake and bake hot dog is great though, next time I will probably try that one out.
Voodoo burger, cheeseburger, chili cheese bacon wrapped hot dog & bacon wrapped hot dog, all awesome!  French fries so good too!  Traveling through & read the reviews.  So pleased that I did...as are my hubby & 2 boys!
This is my second time eating at VooDoo Dog  which I greatly Click here for my first experience. I thought this would be a great funky and different place to take my BFF who came to visit. Anywho, I ordered the Jefferson dog again.  And OMG.....I love bacon dogs!  The bacon adds crunch and a salty savory yumminess. Then the mac and cheese with the bread crumbs just puts the dog over the top My BFF ordered the Wake and Bake which as you can see from the photo is topped with a fried egg and cheese.  This dog was AMAZING.  The combination of cheese, bacon and egg was surprisingly flavorastic!  This was actually my favorite dog of three, even though they were all very good. The Hubby ordered the Tijuana hot dog which was a bacon dog as well.  Are you picking up and a theme here? The dog also had guacamole and sour cream.  This dog was fun and interesting, but my least favorite of the three.  The main reason was the guacamole.  It was not made in-house.  Yes- I am a pain in the butt and picky.  Therefore I can taste the difference between fresh guacamole and pre-packaged.  I know..i know I am being super critical, but this place is that good that I have to nick pick!!!!
This place is cool. The hot dogs were great, especially the Voodoo dog (we got it with sauerkraut, and it was amazing). The buns could've been better. The coleslaw is definitely not worth the $2. I would go back... but next time I'll get the peanut butter burger!
BEST BURGERS AND HOTDOGS YOU COULD ASK FOR! The good ol' boy is a personal favorite of mine. It is always a struggle for me when deciding whether to get a burger or hotdog because they are both just amazingly delicious. The burgers are always cooked to perfection. The only advice I have is to go multiple times so you can try a number of the delicious items on the menu. It is a small place, usually with only one cook, so your food may take a little while to come out. Call ahead if you are in a hurry. Either way, your food will surely be worth the wait. A+++++++
Best veggie burgers in town!!!! (Maybe the best veggie burger...ever.) Try it with sautéed onions and peppers on it. Also, you simply cannot go there without getting the Mac & Cheese. To die for.
Love this place! Always fabulous food at great prices. A must-visit in Tallahassee.
The definition of a "voodoo dog" is an all beef hot dog wrapped in bacon. There isn't much more needed to say, as this is the foundation of each hot dog dish. However, it gets better, so much better! The name escapes me but the hot dog consists of, a voodoo dog ( beef dog wrapped in bacon in bun) topped with macaroni and cheese that's topped with ritz cracker crumbs! KABOOM!!! AMERICA!!! They don't stop there, my other choice, which name I also forgot, is a voodoo dog topped with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese and spicy brown mustard! All other hot dogs in my life are forgotten, as much as I don't like coming to Tallahassee, I will bring my unborn children's children back, to experience the great dogs of the Voodoo! Also, The veggie burger is the best in town and there are spray bottles with malt vinegar to douse your French fries with at every table! I am teary- eyed in this reminisce. Hail to you, voodoo dog man!
Hot dog was good. Burger was better than average but not the best. Cute trendy place!
Who would've thought wrapping a hotdog with bacon would be the best idea ever. With every topping known to man the compliment of these hotdogs was fantastic.
Phenomenal. This place is food porn. Fried eggs, bacon, and mac and cheese on my dog?  Yes please!  The 80's decor only adds to the experience.
I've had much better.  For a hot dog place I was expecting much better tasting hot dogs. I think instead of getting some local place to make their hot dogs they were just getting them at Costco.
The only place to get a hotdog in Tally. They are nicely grilled with an assortment of fresh toppings. The hamburgers aren't quite as good and the french fries are fresh but could use a little work. All in all, a good little place.
Voodoo is the best hotdog and burger joint around. My favorite dog is the Good Ole Boy! Delicious and I'm not even a huge hotdog fan. The fries are cut fresh, the decor is unique and it's locally owned too! It can get busy so go early to beat the lunch rush! I wish I lived inTally again just so I could eat there more often.
Better than great! Best hot dogs in town! Their french fries and veggie burgers are awesome too! You can't go wrong with a Voodoo Dog.
Easily my new favorite place to go eat hotdogs in Tallahassee! Their chili dog is delicious and the mood is really great. I go there all the time with my friends. Even though some people need two dogs to fill up, the dogs are 3-4$ so it ends up being normal lunch prices.
Great hot dogs, great burgers, best fries in Tallahassee.  The service is very friendly though the kitchen is still going through some growing pains (almost guaranteed to make a minor mistake on your order).  Clean, fun decor, appropriately eclectic for Railroad Square.  If you're in the mood for a hot dog this is the only place in town worth going.
My favorite inexpensive restaurant in Tallahassee. The decor is wonderful, the staff are competent and nice, and the food is just great. I love basically everything on their menu. It's usually packed with young professionals during the lunch rush, so keep that in mind if you don't have a lot of time.
I tried Voodoo Dog for the first time this past Friday.  It was everything that I had hoped for where a deep fried bacon wrapped hot dog is concerned. Mind you I got mine Togo and drove 30minutes back home concerned that the buns would be soggy from all of the toppings not to mention the fried bacon fat! I was happily surprised because they were Delicious no soggy buns for me!!! I will go back for sure!!
Went to meet someone at Voodoo Dog for lunch today.  I had never been there before, and checked out Yelp before we went.  Gotta say, the food was very good.  I'm originally from the Chicago area, so I got the Chicago style (Abe Frohman) hot dog and some fries and a drink, was only $6.99!!  Can't beat that.  I would definitely go again, especially since it's only about a mile from where I work.  BONUS!!!
I came across this place while just walking around Tallahassee. The atmosphere is great and the hotdogs even better. This place meet my three criteria for a great dog. 1) the dog itself was delicious. 2) the bun was fresh and tasty. 3) the toppings were delicious and were perfectly proportioned, not too much, not to little. So all things considered a great hotdog at a good price in a cool place.
WoW I loved this place. Looking at all the pictures, singing to the songs playing and the old school video arcade machines. The service is friendly, a self serve on drinks, the Jefferson is worth trying you won't be disappointed, the Wake-N-Bake is amazing too and the fresh cut fries are a must side item. Will be going back ever time I'm in Tallahassee. Thanks for the history lesson on how the Jefferson got its name and the shirts. Enjoy the album covers I'm sending your way.
The Jefferson and Hari Kari dogs are amazing. The chili cheese fries leave a little bit to be desired, but seriously you come hear for bacon wrapped hot dogs and they definitely do them right.
Two friends and myself  decided to check out Voodoo Dog yesterday and I must say it was quite tasty. From what I saw, parking was minimal and school is *not* in session..so eat up while ya can before the students return. I chose the signature Voodoo dog, which is a hot dog (I think deep fried) that's wrapped in bacon. I opted to add Chili and onion as well as a cheese fry. The dog was great, just like I like em. A tad crispy but not burnt, nice texture when you bite into it. The onions were fresh and the chili was good. The bacon wrapping the dog was also crisp and tasty, even under the chili. I should have asked about the cheese fries tho, because I was disappointed and hardly ate any. When I think cheese fries, I think covered in cheese sauce...not shredded cheese then broiled a bit to semi-melt the cheese. The fries were soggy and I didn't taste any salt at all, even under the un-melted cheese. My friend had regular fries and they too were soggy and limp. All three of us enjoyed our dogs and all three of us thought the fries sucked. The amount of time it took to get our food (almost 15 minutes) should have secured fresh hot fries. Hopefully they will improve this. There was only 1 person working the front, a pleasant blond chick who was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. I'm not saying that in a bad way, she was just *extra* busy. The table area was sparkling clean and all our food was right on the money..so despite being a new place she seems to know what she's doing. I did feel kind of bad for her tho, no one to help and *lots* to do..perhaps delivering the food is a bit much. It's a hog dog joint..I for one wouldn't mind walking a few feet to get my food. Anyway..to recap. 1. Parking is kind of crappy. 2. Dogs are excellent, but perhaps get 2? 3. Forgo the cheese fries for that second dog. ---edit--- I've tried to go back several times, and they're either not open or their sign is broken. Since it *looks* closed, I haven't bothered to park and walk up the hill to check for sure. :(
Dude....Bacon-Wrapped Hotdogs. Need I say more? Actually I will...getting the Wake N Bake was one of the best decisions...EVER! yup, high cholesterol never tasted this good.
The menu for this place looks exciting and is definitely unique! But, the hot dogs are lack luster and a little overrated. The buns are bland and mine was a bit dry. The veggie dogs, especially, are very disappointing. However, their cheese fries are pretty solid.
This place is so good. They make absolutely delicious hamburgers, hot dogs and fries.  There is something special about this place that makes it different from the usual greasy spoon burger joint. It's annoying that they close at 4 on Saturday and are closed on Sundays. I hear their veggie burger is actually quite good too.
Wasn't impressed. I had heard so many good things about the food but it just wasn't that great. The staff is super friendly.
LORDY, LORDY!  Incredible dogs, adorable funky atmosphere.  We each got a hot dog (the wake 'n' bake with fried egg and cheese for me, the classic voodoo dog for him), splitting an order of cheese fries and some PBRs.  It was so yummy we both wished we could go back and do it all again!  Instead we hit up Krispy Kreme for dessert... seemed like the logical thing to do after gorging on deep-fried, bacon-wrapped hot dogs from heaven.
Loved it. I'm a huge fan of the other big hotdog place in Tally but heard too many good things about Voodoo Dog and had to get down to Macomb and try it out. I ended up getting the Abe Froman, a Chicago styled dog which though not a true Chicago dog was still delicious. The peanut butter burger is another one to try as well - you may doubt it, but peanut butter + beef = awesome.
Bacon wrapped dogs and interesting burgers. Love that the 80s threw up in there
Delicious, but you need at least 2 hot dogs to fill you up.
I was visiting some friends in Tallahassee when I ate there. It was so good I had to make a second trip there before I left. Everything on the menu sounds delicious and their hotdogs definitely hold up to that. My favorites were The Jefferson and Wake N Bake. The staff was very friendly and the interior was decorated with a lot of cool pictures of bands and movies from the 80's.
Great take on the American classic- hot dog! Had the Jefferson and the Mac and cheese on it paired well. Also ate the philly and the cheese And onion offered a great combo of stringy and crunch. Would have rated a 5 but the cook may have been too liberal salting the cheddar fries.
Wow! I never knew hotdogs could taste so good. This place is amazing, I had the wake and bake(hotdog with fried egg and melted cheddar cheese hint:put some hot sauce on it yum) and the Jefferson(hotdog with home made Mac n cheese and crumbled Ritz crackers) both were amazing. Staff was very friendly, parking was a pain but who cares the food rocks! I can't wait to go back.
A little bit pricey for a meal here. But overall the food was excellent! I would definitely come back in the future! The parking is not so good in the back only a couple cars can fit. Also there is not much seating inside so if you have a big party you may want to go else where! Overall has a cool hipster feel inside and always a good burger or specialty dog!
Seriously amazing. I had the Good Ol' Boy (a little nostalgia for NC home) and their fries, which were both incredible. Funky atmosphere, too. My only complaint is that it would make great late-night food but they close kind of early. Keep it open, y'all!
One of my favorites in Tallahassee. Great food, great service!
The place is cute, the ambiance is fun, the prices are reasonable, but the hotdogs are nothing special, and they don't make their fries from scratch anymore.
Bacon wrapped amazing. Get the Jefferson.
Nice place with excellent burgers and dogs.
The lunch crowd can get a little backed up but the wait is worth it. Fantastic people, creative food and a great atmosphere. Try this place after a couple rounds at Fermentation around the corner and come in when it's a little slow, you'll love it.
Arrived more than fifteen minutes before they closed. We had walked nearly a half mile to get there and he told us they ran out of burgers and buns (although a new pack of buns were clearly visible) and he continued to run around the restaurant shutting off the lights in the windows.  Extremely dissappointed in the lack of service at this place.
Really great variety of hot dogs.  My favorite the mac and cheese dog yum!  Although I do feel it is a bit expensive for just hot dogs, still vary tasty in my opinion.
Man oh man is this place GREAT! I came here yesterday because I wanted to try something new. I tried thier Jefferson because everyone said it was amazing. I didn't think a hotdog would fill me up so I ordered a side of fries. Boy was I wrong. Must eating the fries (which was delicious) filled me up. The dog was just amazing. Everyone was right it is to die for. The cashier was friendly the place is cozy. I will definitely be back! Love this place and so worth the cost. Not that expensive either!!
Awesome burgers, but i have to admit i liked my chili dog a little better.  This place has the best fries EVER!  Atmosphere is great, i wouldn't change a thing about it.  Next we are in tally will definite have to go back for the burgers, fries, and hot dogs.
Bacon wrapped dog topped with Mac & Cheese,Oh yeah. Chili Cheese fries. Life is good. Cool place for an old Hippie to relax and enjoy a really good hot dog. Rock on.
Hotdogs are great, but try a burger.  The first time I had one, I thought for certain it was a fluke.  But I keep going back and the burgers remain the same - perfectly moist, never overdone (even though they don't ask how you want yours cooked), not too much bread, great toppings - the best burger in Tallahassee, hands down.  Monks and Birds have nothing on these burgers.
So good! We grabbed a quick lunch here on a Saturday afternoon. The place was packed. I had the chili dog, my husband the wake n bake. Amazing. I'll totally be back.
I can't believe I've been here for 2 years and only went here for the first time today!  It was delicious!  I had a dog with kraut, swiss, and brown mustard (i can't remember the cute lil name it had).  And the fries were excellent!  Inside is cute and cleaner than it looks from the outside.  You'll be happy you checked it out!
Good dog options and tasty fries. I got the veggie dog and I have to say that I have not had a veggie dog like theirs before - it had a sweaty grossness that I think you kind of want in a dog. Most veggie dogs are kind of anemic, uniform, predictable - and these were somehow different.  I'll have to pay more attention the next time I go. I definitely had gross burps later but I have never eaten veggie dogs in the past without having that happen. (Could've been the sauerkraut, the malt vinegar on the fries, the fact that I wolfed everything down like the dogs+fries contained the antidote, so I'm to blame if I were to choose to complain at all). The buns are not great - too bad. I agree with JK that I'd expect the buns to be better for the price that a dog costs. The atmosphere is fun - sci fi and 80's. No problem parking on the street, but maybe we got lucky.  I'll definitely go back here - I'm sure I'll have to be in the right mood - and I'm going to try to focus more this time and not be so distracted by all the stuff on the walls.
The food is pretty good, especially the properly cooked hot dogs. But if you're going to specialize in hamburgers and hot dogs, I expect better execution than this. Food is very good, but not exceptional. The atmosphere is average, and is hampered by continued construction on the adjacent street.
Loved this place! The burger was pretty good- I had the one with eggs, bacon, and cheddar cheese. The chili dog was AWESOME! And can I say that this place seriously has the best french fries. My friend had the cheese fries and those were the best. Can't wait to go back to this place and try some of those other hot dogs!
Overall the food is very good! and a creative menu. Staff are nice and most the time the food comes to you in a timely manner. My only qualm is there business hours, I've gone here at 8pm (standard dinner time in a college town/for college students) and they wear closed. Just seems like one of those places that close if they day is going slow, a trend I've noticed in some local businesses. Give a whirl! you wont regret it.
Oh. My. God. Voodoo dog was so good, it made up for the difficulty in finding the place! I ordered a plain voodoo dog and a wake-n-bake dog (bacon dog with cheddar cheese and a fried egg). The wake-n-bake dog is salty and savory, with an awesome blend of textures from the dog, bacon, and egg. The voodoo dog was a bit plain, but still salty and crunchy and delicious. I am so impressed by voodoo dog and can't wait to go back!
I've had the Jefferson and wake and bake dogs, as well as the Barth and pb n b burgers and they were all creative and delicious.  The fries were also a hit.
