I LOVE this place. The food portions are huge and the banchan (although they only have two) are unlimited. My favorite is the hot beef soup and it is more than enough to eat and have a full dinner left over for the day after. So much beef in those things! I think their Korean beef and pork are a bit too sweet, but that is my preference. Others seem to love it. The sweet potato noodles are chock full of veggies as well. Take out is also great and they provide plenty of containers to take home banchan. Although, I need to have some of that rice malt so I usually dine-in.
HUGE portions and delicious food! My fave dish here is probably a toss up between the Korean pork or the Unagi bowl. Soooo yummy and they give you more than enough food for 2. I've had everything on their menu. Beef seems to be most popular. It's kind of sweeter, while the pork is a little bit spicier and more flavorful and delicious to me. The bibimbap is delicious when smothered in the pepper paste sauce and eaten with 2(or more) fried eggs added. The hot beef soup is SUPER yummy. The meat is really really tender and the veggies (although might be a little different for those who aren't accustomed to Asian cuisine) are literally bursting with juicy flavor. My mouth is watering. Don't get me started on the Unagi bowl. If you're really hungry, order the sweet potato noodles. It's enough noodles to feed a village.
Food is plentiful, with delicious rice! They also have delicious rice malt drink and barley tea! There is a sharing fee, so you might as well get your own plate or get it to go . :D I usually get the vegetarian option, and it is delicious and plenty!  The side dishes are limited (Kimchi, miso soup and two more), but for the price you cannot expect that many side dishes.  Besides, you can have as many helpings of them as your tummy can handle! Koreans have mentioned to me that is not 100% authentic, but that is  "Alright", as a non-Korean I really enjoy it. Also, the service is so nice! Hours are wonky, but its yummy  and as best as you can expect in Tallahassee.
Probably the best Korean BBQ I have ever had. It's environment may look a little intimidating at first, but once the food came I really didn't care. Their recipe for their Korean beef was so tasty. Just the right amount of sweetness and tanginess to it. I brought my girlfriend here, and it was her first time to try it, and LOVED IT. If you are in the Tally area and you are craving korean bbq, this place is authentic and delicious as it can get. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
For the price you pay, this place is pretty good. In Tallahassee, it's the best thing we've got going for us KBBQ-wise. You get complimentary (and unlimited) miso soup, kimchi, bean sprouts, and rice malt drink. The only thing that didn't really hit the spot was the miso soup: it was a little too grainy/powdery for me. We dined in. The place is pretty simple and low-key in terms of decoration. Four small tables along the edge of the restaurant, a bar that doesn't seem to be used, one random dining table, and chairs stacked against the wall. You can tell it's not top priority. There were a lot of people coming in for dinner. Every table was occupied, and a few spots at the bar were taken up. People were coming in for take-out, too. So, I'm sure that speaks for itself. I ordered the Sweet Potato Noodles w/ Veg, and my boyfriend got the Bulgogi. Both were really yummy and satisfying. You only need to order the small portion of the sweet potato noodles if you get it with rice. I swear it is 5 different meals in one box. My rating is 3-stars because I didn't 'feel' the place. Like I said, there were a lot of people, but the space somehow remained quiet and gloomy. The experience didn't really come full circle. The food though? You've got to go try it!
Amazing hospitality!!  Kimchi was incredibly flavorful.  The owner is honest and hospitable.   Thank you Mr. Lee, our family thank you!
Limited hours and simple setting. But the food is always good and fresh at the right price. Plus soup, kimchi sprout, rice malt and tea are all free and help-yourself. Some meat-oriented dishes don't come with vegetables though.
Looking for a small, divvy, ethnic joint? If so, this is the place. Order off the limited (yet covers all the staples) menu at the counter first. Find a seat and they'll bring the food out to you. Soups, kimchi, barley tea and water are complimentary with your meal. Everything we've had is great. My fav is the japchae. They give larger portions for the price - not a common attribute for Korean restaurants. :)
The price is very cheap and decoration is simple. However, the food here is tasty. I hope it can provide more Korean foods since the menu is too short.There is a Korean supermarket next to the restaurant. They have a same owner I think.
Oh wow - I was sure that I had already left a review. Back in Tally and couldn;t figure out what I wanted to eat. Opened up the trusted Yelp app and this place came up. "Ooooh Korean Beef" - (Despicable Me voice). I completely forgot about it! Wait out crazy traffic on Tennessee St to pull into the small crowded plaza and enter the line that has formed. Every table is filled and at least 4 others stand in front of me starring blinding at the extremely limited menu. Every item is prepared so perfectly whatever you choose is a winner. And most meals are under $10! I grab some miso soup while I wait for my order to come. Very relaxed and friendly atmosphere. And there always seems to be someone sticking their head in to just see what all the fuss is about that bumps into a friend that didn't share this great find. I also like that there are always Koren people eating here. Nothing speaks more to it's authenticity. When I finally sit down to eat I dive in head first into the sticky rice and sweet braised sauce prepared with the tender beef. It's ALWAYS good. Portions are big and can easily split among two or into a second meal. Just catch them when they're open!
Hole in the wall operated by a nice family. Great bulgogi, decent japchae, huge portions, free banchan, tasty kimchi, cheap prices. What's not to like?
Being korean myself, I'm very familiar with traditional korean dishes. This is the only spot that I know of that serves korean food in Tallahassee and it's damn good. Personally, I like korean restaurants where you can cook your own food on the grill table. But the chef does a good job with his seasoning so I don't mind letting him do all the work ;) They have self-serve sides of kimchee, seasoned bean sprouts, kimchee soup and miso soup I believe. They also have traditional korean barely tea and my favorite, RICE MALT DRINK! I can taste it right now just by thinking about it..... The service is excellent. There's a tiny korean girl there, forgot her name. She's very friendly and likes to crack jokes every now and then. I've tried the bulgogi, spicy pork and bi-bim-bap which were all fantastic. Word of advice, to eat bi-bim-bap like a true king, you must order 4 sunny side-up eggs with it. Don't forget your sesame seed oil. Absolutely delicious.
Best place for authentic Korean bbq! They have weird hours so make sure that you take a look at those before you go. It's also pretty cheap!
My review is ONLY for the bimbimbap. If you like Japchae or BBQ, those *looked* good. However, they have no dolsot bimbimbap. Just regular, very salad-y bimbimbap. Typically vegetables are well sautéed/seasoned so they are savory and NOMS, but this pretty much tasted like a basic salad on top of rice with a sunny side up egg. Not much seasoning. Since we ordered the vegetarian version, maybe it's better with the beef/chicken/etc. I miss a good ole bimbimbap. Miso soup was weak too. The serve yourself kimchee, just bean sprouts and basic nappa kimchee was alright. I suppose it was inexpensive  though. Meh.
I wish they offered more banchan (side dishes), bbq fish, and were more centrally located.  However, their bulgogi made me happy and I will be back.
Around $10 for a big plate of bulgogi, rice, side dishes, and soup! Go try it if you're reading this review! It doesn't compare to koreatown in Los Angeles, but oh so satisfying if you're craving authentic korean food. The restaurant itself is a small hole-in-the-wall in a plaza where the biggest occupant is a local watering hole. It just doesn't seem like korean bbq has gained any traction yet in this area, but they offer great tasting food and very friendly staff. Very take-out friendly as well (although not so friendly to the environment with the styrofoam containers : (
Delicious!! I love the Korean beef and the rice medley. Plus, all of the kimchi, sprouts, miso soup, and rice malt drink you can eat! I love this place!
I am not a huge fan of Korean Restaurant but my girlfriend really is. We stopped in Tallahassee to fill gas and grab some coffee on our way to Orlando. My gf found this Korean restaurant from Yelp and she wanted to try. We are from Southern California so I didn't expect too much about the Korean foods in FL. However, I'd like to say they're doing really good job. Maybe better than Korean restaurants in CA. The soups are great and Kimchi tastes really good. I think they opened this restaurant without enough preparatory period because their interior doesn't look like Korean restaurant. But who cares the interior if they offer nice foods with reasonable price? Have you tried Korean food? If not, you must try it in ths place. It's healthier than oilly Chinese foods and more flavor than uncooked Japanese foods.
My hubby and I always eat here before/ after we shop next door at the asian market. I recommend the bulgogi. The side dishes are good to. Wish they had kalbi on the menu. I miss when they use to give japchae with the meals instead of just rice but you can always just order some. Lastly, I always look forward to eating here because its one of two places in town that offer my favorite hawaiian drink.
A nice hidden gem in Tallahassee. As others have said, very limited hours so check before you go. Self-serve kimchi and soup when you order your meal was a nice touch so you can have something to work on before you get your meal. I ordered the BBQ Beef meal. Perfectly cook beef melts in your mouth and the rice is done perfectly. I went through most of my meal without adding any type of sauce or seasoning (I only say most because I wanted to try the hotsauce on a couple of bites) which is usually a rarity for me if a hotsauce option is available (I'm a HUGE spicy food fan).
Hidden in a sketchy plaza right next to the Korean market, even though the location seems shady, but the food surprised me! I had the bulgogi, it was amazing! Not only that it was delicious, but SUPER CHEAP as well. Usually if you go to a Korean restaurant and order bulgogi, it would be $16, but here it was only $8. I didn't mind that the food was served in Styrofoams, it was very easy and convenience.  Also each meal comes with unlimited kimchee,potato salad, and two different kind of soup. So glad that Tally has a great Korean place now :)
My husband and I were ecstatic when we found out a Korean joint opened up in Tally. It took us a couple visits to finally catch them when they were open. Simple menu. I think there were less than a dozen options. Good kimchee. We had the bulgogi. The flavors remind me of Korean comfort food. More like home cooking. Which suits us fine. We're just happy to have any Korean option in Tally.
The owners and operators of this restaurant also run the Korean grocery store next door, so when one closes, so does the other.  It is extremely no-frills and self-serve banchan/drinks to the core (along with the famed styrofoam), but it is authentic and cheap Korean food with generous portions.  I think the best dish is the bibimbap followed by the bulgogi, but everything there is pretty decent, and the staff is quite friendly.  From what I hear, there are no current plans to expand the menu (sorry, no BBQ grills at the table in the near future), but to even have a Korean option is great. I think this place learned from the mistakes of past Korean restaurant attempts and went the downscale route.  So far, it's working, but I really wish they would open for lunch, too (hours are still 4-8, I think).
I'll make this quick.  I use Yelp* often and think it is good karma to contribute to this thing.  Ditto what everyone else says.  Go there, get the BBQ Beef, come home and write a review.  Just do it.  I promise you that you won't regret it!
This place is a such a hole in the wall find! Definitely a place to go if you're looking for some solid comfort food. The people who work here are so nice and helpful. The food is given in ridiculous quantity---could barely finish my meal. On top of that, drinks (minus sodas), side dishes, and soups were all you can eat and drink. Amazing comfort Korean food.
A very pleasant place with a simple menu.  The food is served in "to-go" boxes and there are self-serve side-dishes plus soup and drinks.  The hours are very limited so check before you go.   It's great that Tallahassee has a place for Korean food now.
Best little secret in Tallahassee! It's everything most foodies love, great cheap food! It's one of those hidden hole in the wall or let's say hidden in a strip mall. Read all the other Yelp reviews and decided to go. We haven't had good Korean BBQ in a very long time, years actually. It's a walk up order & self serve place. Everything is served to go and you help yourself to your drinks, condiments ( kimchi, miso soup, cold barley tea), all included in your meal. Service is pleasant & fast. We ordered bulgogi (BBQ beef), the pork, dumpling soup, & Jab Chae (sweet potato noodle dish w/veggies). Everything was fantastic & pretty authentic! Was not as spicy as we wanted it though! Definitely, a great find that will be on our list every time we are in Tallahassee! Hours are Tuesday - Saturday, 4pm-8pm. Only negative are the hours. Awesome find!
Solid menu with the Korean basics done well.  I do think this operation needs to take a leap of faith and get a more central location (somewhere on Monroe, between the trestle and, say, John Knox.  They'll be the first Korean presence in town and I believe they should grow now before some other Korean outfit takes it away from them.  Phô 7, in my opinion, rightfully took market share from Far East cuisine.  But - enough of the armchair quarterbacking.  This place is TOP NOTCH!
Limited menu, but reasonable prices and authentic Korean Food. Not the best I've ever had (that would be mom's), but really yummy! It's not fancy, but I like the laid backness.  It's got very limited hours, so make sure you check the day/time before you go! PS - all the kimchi you can eat! :)
It's not much to look at in terms of the restaurant itself, but the food was really great. I'm happy I stumbled upon this hidden gem- I'll definitely be back to get another (huge!) order of sweet potato noodles with veggies!
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out after reading the positive reviews. We love trying new places and food. I agree with the above statements; the decor seems unfinished. However, the food is amazing!!! Drinks included (tea, coffee, rice drink). Soup included. Yummy salad included. All you can eat and drink!!! The entree is not all you can eat of course. The restaurant is next to Canton. I almost missed the turn. So, It's hidden. Try it out for yourself. But, don't be shocked. They don't use real dishes or utensils!
I enjoy every meal here. BBQ pork, hot beef soup, eel bowl and rice beverage deserves a try. The owner is Korean. He is very nice to talk!
Finally! I've been waiting for a Korean resaurant to open in Tallahassee! That's why it gets 5 stars. This place just opened up where California Sushi Bar used to be this last month. I think the place is sort of in a pre-restaurant phase. It has limited hours from 4 to 8 and as of last week they were using styrofoam cups and bowls. The menu only has 10 items right now, but everything is about $8. I ordered the Bibimbop (vegetable and rice bowl) and my boyfriend got the Bulgogi (Korean BBQ) and both tasted awesome. We also got pretty large portions. Hopefully they expand their hours and menu soon! I'd recommend checking the place out. I'm actually going back tomorrow!
So let me first start off by saying I'm not from Tallahassee and am visiting from San Francisco.  I came to visit my boyfriend and after some internet googling I found the ONE and only Korean restaurant in this town.  I read the other reviews and made sure to get their early enough since the other reviewers said it closed at 8pm. Let me just say, this was the most odd dining experience I have ever hand in my entire life.  The food was great, and very affordable compared to most Korean food.  But the odd things were the following: -Almost everything was served in Styrofoam cups, plates, and bowls.  All flatware was plastic and disposable and disposable wood chopsticks.  This seams like the most wasteful thing ever!  And of all things Styrofoam which is horrible for the environment. -Secondly, all the drinks and "panchan" (side dishes) were self serve.  This included coffee, kimchee, miso soup, and kimchee soup. -The staff which seemed to be a family run business was quiet, yet friendly but the daughter seemed quite odd. -Interior didn't seem quite finished or well thought of - The food took a long time to prepare - The name of the restaurant is REAL original The whole experience was so odd, I'm still dumbstruck from the entire dining experience and have not yet decided if I will go back.  Even if the food was affordable or good.  Maybe take-out next time?
A family owned business who run New Seoul Oriental Market next door gets five stars for being the only Korean restaurant in Tallahassee.When the restaurant first opened, it was my first and best Korean dining experience, and now that I've been to several other Korean restaurants, I must admit, it is different than your usual Korean restaurant. For one, their restaurant hours are quite limited since they run their Asia market next door during the day. They close as early as 8 at night, but I've been there a couple times past 8 and find they are pretty flexible with closing times depending on how busy it gets. Also, their menu is very limited, but it's all about the bulgogi meat anyway! They have meat, vegetarian, and sashimi rice dishes as well as some soup bowls. You also don't get the million side dishes one may be use to, but you are welcomed to unlimited miso or kimchee soup and salad (I love when they have their slaw out, so simple, but delicious). It's a small hole in the wall so seating is very limited as well. Prices are extremely reasonable, nothing more than $9-$10, very cheap compared to other Korean restaurants I've been. Despite all that, the food is simple, fresh, and delicious and are generous with their portions. So for being the only Korean restaurant in Tallahassee, it's very worth your time and money to get your quick Korean craving fix.
Food is delicious! Small restaurant with limited seating. Home style serve yourself kind of place.
I love it.  A tiny place with cheap, delicious food.  The kimchee is great and you can have as much as you like.  I lived in Korea for a year and this place would fit right in.  If they had a cheap TV playing "Metalstorm: The Destruction of Jared-Syn" on an endless loop I could imagine I was in Pohang.
annyeonghaseyo!! on the long drive from Destin to Orlando I was playing with my yelp app and this fantastic little gem showed up as a bangin' korean take out eatery. I sat outside in my car playing words with friends for about 20 minutes.  They don't open til 4pm.  The times here are wonky but totally worth it. Just about everything on the menu is under $8.  And bulgogi is not called bulgogi, its called bbq beef! Get it! Large portions, self service sodas, water, kimchi, soup and banchan. Best bulgogi I've had on a whim.  Ever.  And real quick on and off i-10... maybe a 5 min diversion.   Love love love love.
This place is a hole in the wall. Perfect. No fancy dishes or servers, just styrofoam and sticky rice I'm not Korean, but my best friend is, and this place makes food like his mom does at home. The owners are a really nice couple, and they run the Korean food supply store next to it. With only about 10 items on the menu, you should probably order the BBQ your first time (bulgogi?) They have pork and beef, both are good. Don't be shy about getting your own (included) sides and condiments. Everything is set out already for you to get. The kimchi is quality, and the soups change pretty regularly. If you want a change from takeout or Mr Roboto, give them a try.
Absolutely excellent! Very limited menu and hours, but fantastic inexpensive food! The portion sizes are quite large, and the owners are very friendly. It's not the traditional Korean restaurant experience, with the BBQ at the table. It's more like what Koreans eat at home. And, most importantly, the kimchee is both unlimited and homemade!
I love this restaurant. Their food is absolutely delicious and well priced. I usually get the bulgolgi and my sister who is vegetarian gets the sweet potato noodles or dumpling soup, both which are so yummy. Highly recommended! Run by an incredibly nice family!
freaking awesome!
Rice and vegetables is more of a salad instead of a hot meal...  Not really my cup of tea.  Fix your own drink and sides (miso and some kind of tofu stuff)...  Again, not really up my alley.  Hubby liked it.
I finally talked hubs into taking me here.  He's not the adventurous type but he does like kimchee.  We arrived moments before their 8 pm closing but they accommodated us and were actually quite gracious.  Not sure I'd leave the NE suburbs to return but it was tasty. We both had the beef.  Very limited hours.
Delicious! I got the "bbq beef." The menu is up on the wall on a whiteboard and you informally order with the person sitting at the end of the bar. There are self-serve sides, soup, water, (and I think there was tea?) The meat came with a large helping of rice. Service was friendly, yet unobtrusive and laid back. As they are the only Korean place I am aware of in Tallahassee, I would return!
This place is really good. I'll be up front and say that I have never had any other Korean food, but I love the food here. Both pork and beef barbecue are delicious. Reasonably priced, your food comes in to-go boxes, and it's serve-yourself sides (soup, kimchi) and drinks. The hours are really bizarre, but totally worth it.
Everything they have is tasty - from the simple pork/beef BBQ with white rice, to the hot beef soup (perfect on a cold day). Even their sashimi and eel plates are good (so much eel!). Small menu selection, though. But it is a very small, family-owned place, so it is a bit expected. Oddball hours, but worth the visit. Would love to see some appetizers in the near future.
I think the rice was made with sushi rice instead of normal korean rice... Or at least cooked that way; a bit too sticky for a korean native. Had eel. Eel is the last thing of a Korean comfort food on the menu but it sounded good and it was delicious and came w veggies. Side dishes are self-service: kimchi, steamed and redpeppered bean sprouts, and Miso soup. All were a bit too salty for me but I devoured them anyway. It was good to see real kimchi at a korean food place for once. Drinks such as cold barley tea (typical of korean), hot coffee, and cold rice-malt (korean's favorite dessert drink) were complimentary. Soft drinks are available for a dollar or sth... Overall a good korean place for a casual dining at an unlikely location.
Delicious!
Plainly and simply....It was good! :)
I don't know Korean BBQ that well, but I've been to one other quick-ish place and this wasn't any better.
So amazing, great fast korean food! No frills place. gotta try it
Effing delicious.  Too bad I have to drive 20 minutes across town from my apartment to get there, but it's totally worth it.  Located in a sketchy little strip mall on Tennessee, but who cares.  The place is small with a handful of tables and a sushi bar.  It was packed (with hipsters) when we went there the other night (first time I had been), but tables cleared out quickly.  Even though it's sit-down, it doesn't necessarily seem like the place you sit and linger.  Not a lot of ambience, but that's not the point, it's all about the food here.  Shared the bbq beef (bulgogi I think?), the bbq pork, and the sweet potato noodles with veggies (you can get meat if you want).  All excellent.  The beef had a wonderful sweet-ish glaze on it.  The pork was savory, tender and delicious.  I think I liked the pork better than the beef.  The sweet potato noodles were amazing and unique, and loaded with fresh veggies like red and yellow peppers, onions, baby spinach, and some unidentifiable SOMETHING that was good too.  I still don't know what it was, but it was dark green and sort of resembled cooked cabbage, but the texture when eaten felt like a cooked mushroom or something.  The flavor was nondescript, a little vinegary maybe as though it had been pickled.  I don't know, but it was good.  The soup and sides are in chafing dishes in the back, so you can have unlimited kimchi (which was authentic and great, though not quite as spicy as I had hoped), some type of chili-sauced pickled bean sprouts with corn, and miso soup with tofu.  Cans of soda available in a small fridge in the front.  Good portions on everything (you can order 10oz. or 15 oz. of meat); we got the 10oz. portions.  Ate all the meat, but had a ton of rice and noodles leftover.  The white rice that came with everything was wonderfully cooked and VERY sticky; I think they used sushi rice.  I had two more meals out of the leftovers and made fried rice out of the leftover white rice, which was superb (::pats back::).
