I usually don't eat this sort of genre so I was skeptical at first. Once I ate here I was addicted to the food because Of the taste and how it made me feel. I'm angry at myself that I didn't become a regular here sooner.
I love going to local vegan vegetarian restaurants in hopes that my support for these kinds of restaurants will spur others to follow. I like that this place has a compost and they have a good range vegan sandwiches that look delicious. My husband ordered the tempeh vegan and it was okay. The kraut was a little overwhelming but I know some people really enjoy that. Their sandwiches are also not bad for the price. The salad, however, is a bit over priced for what it is. Most establishments overcharge for their salads though. The salad was extremely plain and they definitely skipped on presentation with their roughly chopped veggies. I think if they drop the price on the salad I would have been less disappointed with it. They probably could too because the ingredients really are not that expensive.
Um. Yay! So happy to find this place while passing through. I had the tempeh Reuben ...hard to imagine it is vegan. Next time I am going to try the falawesome and black bean burger.
I was highly disappointed by the service of this restaurant. My sister has raved about the food here for the years she has been at FSU. She was so excited to bring our family here for lunch but quickly became embarrassed by the way we were treated.   The food is decent in taste, however, the service given ruins the whole meal. The owner (of all people) was the rudest person working there and could really use some classes in customer service. After asking a different server for some extra sauce the owner chimed in that it would be an extra 50 cents but "to get to the back of the line!"  The other girl who he originally asked felt the need to apologize to my husband because she was obviously embarrassed by how the owner spoke to him. The owner had no problem-solving skills as to helping accommodate our table of 8. If you can't handle the volume of customers coming in then maybe they should hire more staff or go into a line of work that doesn't deal with serving people. There is a difference between liking to cook for people and liking to serve people. I would more expect snobby service from a fine dining restaurant (which is still not ok) however this is anything but fine dining. Cleanliness is very important in the restaurant world and Sweet Pea Cafe could use a good scrubbing. Just because my food is locally grown and vegan doesn't mean I enjoy using a dirty bathroom.  I'm pretty sure if the health dept came through the doors would be closed for a while to learn how a restaurant should be run. All in all, while the food was decent the service really leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Even sadder when the owner, of all people, is the rudest staff member working. Disappointing!!!!
YOU GUYS. Tempeh reubens with violet-hued sauerkraut; falawesome falafels; buffalo fried tofu. Sweet potato fries; fair trade iced tea; chocolate chip rosemary cookies. Cats on leashes, picnic tables, lots o' hippies. This place has everything. Eat here.
Was vegan for a couple of years but fell off the wagon a while back. I still frequent Sweet Pea because I love the food the people who work there and the people who eat there. Also i appreciate the selection of bike magazines available to read while you wait. Good people doing a good thing.
For a delicious organic meal--not to mention one made from awesome locally-grown vegetables--this is your place.  Great homemade tea/coffee blends and beer choices (including my personal favorite, Abita's Andygator, which is rare in bars around here).  Quaint café atmosphere; clean; courtyard for outdoor dining; kid friendly.  They recycle, compost, & have outstanding daily specials.
True vegan heaven!  It feels like you just walked into someone's large kitchen, all self service including cleaning up after yourself.
I was in Tallahassee for a couple days. I found two AMAZING vegan restaurants using my Happy Cow app - Sweet Pea being one of them. Sweet Pea is fantastic. It has a really cool, cheerful vibe to it. All the workers are young and friendly and welcoming. The inside (there is indoor and outdoor seating) has a charm about it that is irresistible. Inside, they have these small mosaic tables that are really beautiful, as well as a counter by a big glass window where you can sit; it is sunny and bright in there. The menu is on a blackboard above the counter where you order; there's a regular menu and specials of the day. You place your order, then they bring you your food. I had the Bob Marley and the Kalers special (appropriate since they were playing Reggae music). It was a hard call for me because I always enjoy a Reuben, which they also had on the menu. But, I couldn't pass up the special. The Bob Marley was scrambled tofu (YUM), potato hash browns (excellent), and kale (delicious, although I thought it was collard greens not kale). EVERYTHING was just so good. Oh, and, it came with some delicious cornbread. The special was only $8 and was a lot of food. I really enjoyed it. The kids who work there keep coming out and asking how you are enjoying your meal - again, they are very friendly. I didn't see anything on the menu that cost more than $7 or $8 - really, really good prices, especially considering the amount of food you get. You definitely don't come away hungry! I like that this restaurant is locally owned and operated. I think that is important for your community and I always try to support businesses such as this.  And, I like that they compost. Sweet Pea is just a few minutes from downtown Tallahassee on what seems like a main road. The exterior is basic - nothing fancy, no frills - but don't let that scare you away. The inside and outside eating areas are both very clean and nice. There is plenty of parking on the side. When I return to Tallahassee, I am going to be torn between my two new favorite vegan restaurants, but, for sure, I will find time to make it back to Sweat Pea!
Not usually into vegan, but this place was amazing. I had the falafel and it was delicious and then I had a cookie too which was even more amazing. I would most likely go back for their baked good though.
As a new vegetarian, I thought I'd give this place a try after reading good reviews. Sadly, the place was very dirty and the floor looked like it had never been mopped. One can only speculate what's going on in the kitchen. For lunch I had the black bean burger which was good, nothing too special. Overall, I will not be returning here because of the serious lack of cleanliness.
Update:  We stopped by again, on this year's road trip, and it's still good! I woud say it is a tad less clean than I would like, but this amounts merely to too-infrequent wiping down of tables between guests.  The food continues to be very good.  We got the TLT and the buffalo tofu - both wonderful - along with a couple of fairly good coconut ice cream floats.  (I thought I remembered that they had shakes, but we had to settle for floats.  Still tasty.) The best part, perhaps, was that this was the ONLY restaurant we visited in our ENTIRE two week trip that pleased our toddler in terms of the food.  We got her an adzuki bean and rice side - requesting heavy beans and light rice - and she ATE it! I continue to be pleased with the environmentally-friendly practices of Sweet Pea.  Definitely a good choice for a sustainability-minded eater.
I eat vegan 2 meals per day to stay healthy. I travel about 2 weeks per month for work, and I'll be honest. This was the worst vegan food I've ever had in my life. This includes restaurants in South America, Europe, Asia, and 20 US States. The other reviews on Yelp said it was great, so maybe I caught them on a bad day, but boy was it bad. The restaurant: First, this place was dirty. There were bugs inside the place, the dishes weren't clean, and it was in bad shape overall. It just wasn't sanitary. The food: We ordered a quesadilla, sweet potato fries, tempeh reuben, and ice cream. Quesadilla - Wet and flavorless. Reuben - Mediocre at best, not well seasoned. Sweet Potato Fries - WET AND COLD???? (Don't know how they pulled that one off) Vegan Ice Cream - It was freezer burned, old, and tasteless. The owners need to step up their game and eat some vegan food outside of Tallahassee. Then they'll understand the difference. BOTTOM LINE: Until they clean the place and revamp the menu, skip it.
Decent lunch spot. Not the healthiest of lunches, especially for a vegan place and the staff is extremely condescending. Even still, I like eating here from time to time.
Super friendly staff. Great atmosphere with plenty of outdoor seating. The food is fantastic. I recommend the Reuben and hand cut fries. The cookies are damn good too.
Talk about a hidden treasure in Tallahassee! (Ironically located next to the Meat Market.) I enjoyed some of the best food in my life, Vegan or otherwise. In addition to the fresh, local ingredients, I could also taste the passion and happiness that went into the preparation of each and every dish I enjoyed there. BOTTOM LINE: Just order whatever daily special is scrawled onto their chalkboard menu and your tummy & tastebuds will surely thank you. (Try to get there early or they might run out of said daily special!)
Had the tempeh Ruben and it was awesome! My girlfriend got the special: three loco tacos which was also great. Mint lemonade was delicious as well. Tried several sides: Asian slaw, sweet potato fries and side salad and they were just ok - but everything was super fresh, healthy and the mains were sooo good!
i miss this place from my college days! my personal faves - the poutine, tempeh reuben on white, and cucumber lemonade (tried to make my own but it never came out that right). the staff is so friendly with the coolest tattoos ever. even though it's a hipster place - it has a bit of southern charm to it. i also love the fact that they have a gender neutral bathroom. this is one of the two major vegan restaurants in tally and you can't compare it to the other - it would be like apples and pomegrantes, literally. but if you're a panera, crispers type of person who wants to start doing meatless mondays or whatever, this is your place.
We had the Falawesome (falafel) with hummus, with black eye peas & brown rice, very good! Also a  Buffalo Fried Tofu sandwich with Asian Slaw - Fresh and spicy, just right flavor.
Only reason this place gets 3 stars is because the food was ok. This place is DIRTY! I appreciate the hipster vibe the employees convey but the lack of cleanliness here really upset me. Their white chairs had grime from repeated hand contact on the back where you would grab it. It's obvious their staff does not simply wipe these down. There were tables that stayed dirty for a while- Crumbs, napkins and such. And they weren't busy. They have a dry storage area in the dining area. Great touch but all the containers were nasty! Clean it up! When you have nothing to do take some degreaser clean towels and clean it off! The dirty hipster vibe isn't appreciated. I got a sandwich with the sweet potato fries and a beer. Fries weren't anything special. The sandwich was ok. Kinda bland. I like that they make healthy food but they need to clean this place up. Clean up the weeds outside and take some pride in your establishment.
Yay for vegan joints nestled in between a bbq place and a meat market. how subversive :) loved it -- unpretentious serving up good grub. enjoyed my meal with bf and friends i had blt with special pasta salad bf had buffalo tofu with poutine (holy shit was that good) friends had reuben and falafel. all looked amazing. keep on keeping on!
Had a fantastic lunch here! This restaurant is hip and unpretentious, and the food menu is exciting and new (unless you're a die-hard carnivore, in which case - go somewhere else). I had the buffalo tofu sandwich, carrot-ginger slaw, and a home-made pickle. Everything was delicious. The prices were also reasonable, considering the ingredients used. I'll be back!
Please understand before you read this that I am most definitely not a happy diner. My wife and I 9Mostly wife) have been ardent supporters of Sweet Pea since its beginning. I enjoy the food there, and I don't do vegetarian. We've sent many of our friends to Sweet Pea, but that relationship soured badly today. I could start off as my reviews often do, with observations about the cleanliness (or lack thereof) of the kitchen or dining area, but you can see that for yourself here. Or I could start off telling you how much I enjoyed the food (which I did, but I won't be going back). But one young an has created so much ill will that there is my review. Now we aren't "hip" like most of the crowd. My wife shaves her legs and isn't tatted up (though I have my share), but we were committed to supporting a local business that supports other local businesses. My wife eats there so often they know her on a first name basis. She only has 30 minutes for lunch, and as food is cooked to order, it often takes awhile to get your meal. One of the staff had told her the take call in orders, so call ahead and they'd have her food ready when she arrived. And that's what she tried to do today. It was simple, really. It takes us all of 4 minutes to drive from Griffin Middle School to Sweet Peas. Today, the men who answered the phone was upset that we wanted to order ahead. My wife explained she only had 30 minutes for lunch, and the conversation ended when the young man hung up on her. We weren't sure if our order was being done or not so we headed to SP's. As we walked in the door, the grill cook was plating two orders which he announced were for 'those two people that aren't here.' In his haste he neglected to get our name. Now there were two people ahead of us, and my wife waited in the line to pay. When she got to the register she said that whoever she spoke to on the phone was rude. This immediately elicited a response from the grill guy that he was not rude. My wife said he was, but then said let me pay for my food. The grill dude continued to spout loudly that he wasn't rude, and wanted us to know that many people had called them and never come for their food (could it be how they were treated when they placed their order?). Again my wife said she didn't want to hear it and just let me get my food and eat. The young man's rhetoric continued. The back and forth went on until I stepped to the counter and told them I wanted my money back, at which time the argumentative young man directed his loud 'explanations' at me. He kept saying people always called in and then didn't come for their food and there was no space to hold food, etc. I can't imagine they have so many people calling in and not getting their food that it's a problem. In the end, the Sweet Pea's dude won. They made it quite clear that customers like us were not wanted because we're too much trouble. I got my money back and didn't get to enjoy the food. They got rid of a customer that has supported them from the start, and ended what was a pretty effective good will ambassador for the store. Will we be back? Nope. What a shame that one individual can cause so much damage to a small, local business. Never in my time owning my restaurant did I feel like the customer was secondary to the business; on the contrary, the customer WAS the reason for my business. Sadly, not so at Sweet Peas.
Best vegetarian/vegan fare in Tallahassee. The food is always delicious, with great daily specials and a solid regular menu. Not to mention, they feature local, organic ingredients. I've brought plenty of meat eating friends here who've loved it. The employees are generally friendly as well. The only major drawback is the lack of seating. That said, there are rarely more people than tables available. Be sure to try the weekend brunch!
We passed through Tallahassee on a road trip and my boyfriend brought this restaurant up on Yelp. I will agree they need to step up the cleanliness of the kitchen and dining area. It is very Eco-friendly, with no disposables other than paper napkins. The outside seating is wonderful with picnic tables and a garden with lemons, limes, green tomatoes, and herbs. The staff was very unique, pleasant, super charming and efficient group individuals. The food was delicious- we shared the Black Bean Burger, Falawesome and Poutine. It was all amazing. I would love to have the Black Bean Burger recipe. If we are ever nearby or passing through Tallahassee again, it's a sure stop!
Really delicious, filling vegan food, ironically located right next door to Star's Meat Market--HA! Cute, cozy, and clean place with a white picket fence. I got the black bean/quinoa burger, and it was seriously tasty. And best of all, guilt-free! The place was bustling with customers (a good sign) but service was still great and the food came out quickly. I loved my jasmine green tea too! My only suggestions: It would be great if they sold more desserts, especially cookies, muffins, etc. that could be taken home for the week. Also (and this might be a little bit paranoid on my part) the use of vintage dishes is great, but many old dish sets contain lead and are not actually food-safe. Hopefully they have tested them.
How this place didn't open in the years that I went to Florida State, I don't know, but maybe it's for the better as I would have gone daily for each new special. Sweet Pea covers your basics for fresh, yummy vegan sandwiches and breakfasts. Although I was never in town on a brunch day, reading about their various options make a trip to Tallahassee tempting (their facebook page is constantly updated!!). Vegan or not, please check them out! Their Ruben is worlds beyond better than the meat version that tempts me out of vegetarianism.
If this restaurant was a student, it would get an A+! WHAT WE ORDERED: a buffalo tofu sandwich with a side of veggies and hummus, and the special of the day, the sea sandwich with an orzo salad. Don't be put off by the lack of curb appeal; this place is a diamond in the rough. The buffalo sandwich was great, although we personally prefer buffalo tempeh over buffalo tofu. The panko crumbs on both sandwiches gave them a great crunchy consistency. The tofu on the sea sandwich seemed to be wrapped in sea weed so it had a perfect hint of ocean taste. Although the flavor is hard to describe, that was one of the best / most exotic sandwiches we've had in a long time. It's too bad that they were out of the Ruben since we would have loved to have tried it. OVERALL: this is a great find for the environmentally conscious vegan / vegetarian, or just about anyone looking for delicious, healthy food. NOTE: don't go here if you have someone in your party set on eating meat since there are no meat options on the menu.
My favorite Tallahassee restaurant based on overall deliciousness /menu variety/ affordability. Sweet Pea is a vegan cafe on par with those in much larger cities.  Absolutely delicious, always, made with fresh and local ingredients, with a daily changing special.  They really do just have extremely good food, whether you're vegan or not.  They actually have pretty good beer to go with your meal, as well, and during the weekends they serve original and blushing mimosas with the best brunch in town.
Was visiting Tally for the first time and was looking for something funky, fresh, and vegan (for the gf). I had a black bean burger with sweet potato fries. The burger was outstanding, though the fries seemed a little undercooked; maybe I'm just used to the mushy ones. My girlfriend had a tempeh reuben which was one of the most delicious vegan reubens I've had. And I'm very familiar with both the vegan and non-vegan varieties out there at your typical restaurant. They place was a bit small, but it was cozy and had great atmosphere. We'll definitely be coming back.
I love sweet pea cafe!!! It was such a cute little locally owned restaurant. It beats all the regular places in town. The sweet potato fries were the bomb and the cookies looked really good too but I was so full I couldn't try one. Just a good reason to go back! Would def recommend this place to all vegetarians that are tired of eating salad or sides at a restaurant.
Hipster kid's fancy Delicious vegan delight Don't pass this place by
Yes...people LOVE this place and I can see why.  However I need to minus a star for lack of cleanliness.  I would have given 4 stars...I just have a cleaner expectation. The black bean burger is good, not great.  For sure get either the iced coffee with coffee ice cubes or the basil lemonade.  Their sweets are good as well. Cute place.  Staff is basic...not really friendly and not bad either.  More transactional rather than customer friendly. I would try again if I lived in the area.
We had been traveling for awhile and passing through Tallahassee and thankfully found this vegan restaurant on the way.  They had a simple menu and I could tell that they cared about the food they were using as they had local produce and organic staples on some of their shelves. We really enjoyed our meal and everything was great except the cashier was not friendly. She was short and rude to both me and I noticed to this lady next to me. I explained how grateful I was to find such a unique gem to the cashier and she completely ignored me, not being gracious at all. I really loved coming here and wish I could give them five stars except I hate to say that that  particular staff member had a poor attitude and left me feeling like I wasn't welcome. This should not discourage people from coming though as it is a great place overall!!
Stopped into this place for a quick healthy lunch while on a road trip. While the trailer doesn't look like much on the outside, it turned out to satisfy the needs of a vegetarian on the go. Casual, quirky, kitchy, haphazard environment. Restaurant is staffed by young tattooed bohemian hipsters with upbeat music playing.  There are only a few tables I ordered the tofu pesto special and ginger lemonade. Total was about 11$. Lemonade was watery and the kitchen relied way too much on condiments to flavor the vegetables rather than just using high quality vegetables to produce the majority of the flavor (salt and pepper overload- yikes!).  But overall good value meal and worth a stop if you're passing through Tallahassee.
Ohmygosh this place was good! I wish they were located a little closer to my homebase of Austin, but ah well. We passed through on a roadtrip and my husband brought up this restaurant on Yelp. The food was delicious - they are good with their tofu. I had the BBQ Tofu sandwich with coleslaw and my husband had the buffalo tofu sandwich with fries. We shared the sandwiches - I preferred the buffalo tofu (it was spicier), but both sandwiches made me happy. The coleslaw tasted fresh. It was hard not to devour the fries without sharing. The environment was also very friendly and laid-back. If I am ever nearby or passing through Tallahassee again, I will definitely stop here!
Love it!! The tempeh Reuben and Asian sesame slaw were delicious. They also have many gluten free options and gluten free pastries in Tuesdays. The place is small but quant and you can bring pets on the outside patio area. I also love that they compost and post where they get their produce weekly. Definitely going back and recommend to all!
Lunch was really tasty. I follow them on Facebook to get their daily lunch updates - they always sound and look awesome. Unfortunately I've only been there once, so I can't judge too much.
I love this restaurant to bits. It has a fantastically relaxed vibe, it's adorable and vintagey, and the staff are lovely, and coincidentally, mostly beautiful tattooed people. And the food! So good! I'm an on and off vegan so it's not that I've forgotten what other food tastes like. My vegan and non-vegan friends love it too. My favorites are the spicy BLT, the ginger sesame cookies, the giant 'oreo' cookies, and the basil lemonade. But I'll eat all of it, so happily. Thank you Sweet Pea, for existing.
I eat a lot of meat, but Sweet Pea's food is so good you won't miss it, i promise! And Rachel makes the most beautiful vegan cakes and cupcakes!
Take a few great cooks who love what they do, a solid commitment to fresh, local ingredients, low overhead, and a indie-entrepreneur aesthetic and you've got the recipe for a fantastic restaurant. In the 90's Chicago's Wicker Park was incubating tons of little joints like this. I really miss those days.  Fortunately, I found that Sweat Pea fills that empty spot in my life. We checked out Sweet Pea with my vegan son on his 18th birthday. Since the prices were very reasonable, we tried quite a few dishes. Rather than list them all, I'll say that you can't go wrong. Plus, if your curious about a dish, the exceedingly friendly staff are more than willing to tell you all about it or make recommendations. Don't let the unassuming appearance and open kitchen deter you. These guys run a professional kitchen. I've found that when food is the focus, interior design and curb appeal are low on the priority list. (and you can't eat a table cloth, matching silverware, or soft lighting) Even if you are not vegan or vegetarian, you can still get an amazing meal here. Don't forget to save room for one of their "Ice Cream" Floats. Locally made vegan ice cream and awesome craft brewed sodas. I like the Ginger Beer Float! Why four and not five stars? Though the kitchen was clean, a mid-shift touch up of the dining area and restroom is in order. But that is really a minor flaw in an otherwise excellent experience.
Urban grungy vegan joint that will make you feel like you're in an episode of Portlandia. They've got great specials and they compost! I like the front porch outdoor seating area, but inside is a bit muggy for my liking. The menu is really great for vegans, but I don't think it's the healthiest selection. Lots of fried options and sandwiches, at least there was one salad on the menu. I had a bite of the Rubin which was really tasty but pretty greasy/saucy. I enjoyed the salad with tahini dressing, it was delish. I ordered it with tempeh and was satisfied.
Full disclosure: I am eating Sweet Pea Veggie Curry right now. Sweet Pea Cafe is my go to place for lunch with friends, brunch with the bf, or even comfort food take out. Their regular specials often feature seasonal and local veggies, and usually sell out pretty fast! I am especially fond of their brunch, which has become a weekend ritual. Indoor seating is tight, but the patio has a beautiful, expansive awning, lots of picnic bench seating and is dog friendly! Portion sizes are generous, especially if you upgrade to the side salad, and prices are super reasonable. The people who work there are fabulous, funny, and helpful, and help set a warm environment. The desert case is typically stocked with wonderful cookies, but occasionally they'll put something really special in there and then BUY THAT BECAUSE IT WILL FIX YOUR DAY. Also, their beer selection is interesting and diverse, the mason jar mimosas make a great brunch companion, and the coffee drinks are always perfectly made. In short, I love Sweet Pea Cafe.
For Tallahassee the food is good. Not amazing but good. Our family has always supported local business so we've continued to patronize this place despite their lack of customer service.  Today the counter guy was so unprofessional though we are not interested in going back.  I tipped him over 30% even though I hadn't received any real service yet because I appreciate employees in the service industry in general.  I should have anticipated he was going to be rude before we left. I hope the owner realizes the value of good customer service soon. I can't imagine the business will survive on their friends plus the trendy, transient, college kid population it attracts. The money coming out of daddy's pocket won't sustain a business that continues to run off locals staying in the area.
I just moved to Tallahassee from upstate NY and I AM SO HAPPY to have this wonderful little gem of a vegan cafe right up the road from me. The tempeh reuben was yummy (but the thin, boring rye could definitely be upgraded to a chewier, hardier NY deli style to make the sandwich a bit more special) and the ice coffee is served with coffee ice cubes. The guys running the place are charming and cute, the Beatles music is loud, and the customers were clearly enjoying their lunch. Yay, Sweet Pea!
This place is so wonderful! The food is all vegan, local, organic, and AMAZING. They always have creative specials, especially their amazing brunch.Everyone who works there is super cool and friendly, too. Overall, a perfect experience!
Luckily, we did not have the same problem with service as the previous reviewer (we did arrive around 2...and the place was slammed). Our food came out promptly and was EXCELLENT! I had the tempeh reuben and a side of poutine (fries with cheese and gravy). On a whim, I got the cucumber lemonade and it was delicious! Will definitely be going back soon!
This place is excellent and a great find.  It is difficult to find tasty good vegetarian food when traveling on business.  This place was a great and surprising find.  Very minimalist on decor and parking, the place is small but friendly and the food very tasty.  I wanted kale, but they did not have any last night when I went, but I did have the buffalo sandwich which was fabulous and tasty.  I also had the humus and carrots, very tasty also and left rather full.  This again is a great fund, the place is small with not a lot of tables for sitting, but great nonetheless. Glad I went...
I've tried almost everything on the menu and most of the specials. I'm not vegan or even vegetarian and I would have to say that I thought everything has been pretty awesome. I was just there for the brunch and tried the tofu benedict... wow , it was so amazing. Everything is fresh and taste  great.  Get the grilled veggie or ruben sandwich with sweet potato fries, you won't be disappointed. Everyone's friendly and it's a chill place to grab some food.
Can't say enough good things about sweet pea. Amazing sandwiches, friendly staff, cozy atmosphere. Come for lunch or a cup of coffee or one of Rachel's amazing desserts. Don't care if you're a vegan, vege, omni, or cannibal. There is something you'll like at SPC (mayyybe not for cannibals actually)
Best vegan food in town!!!! Locally owned and most of it's food comes in locally as well!! The staff is friendly, food is great, and the service is awesome!!!! Made it a habit to show my friends from out of town this gem. They all loved it so much that it's a tradition to eat here every time they're in the area.
Sweet Pea serves solid, well-executed, vegan food.  I often come here with non-vegan friends and they love it. The specials are always great, and their regular menu items are excellent.
love this place! I always get the daily special, and i leave satisfied every time. service is friendly and fast. i highly recommend going on weekends for brunch, best biscuits and gravy in town.
This is a great, local run fixture that has great options for the picky veggie or the curious omnivore. The place has a great 'sitting down in someone's kitchen feel.' They'll treat you right!
Wonderful little hole in the wall cafe. My boyfriend ordered the tempeh rueben with a side of poutine and I got the "Thaight Budget" with a gluten-free tortilla and Asian slaw. I was very excited to see they had gluten-free options. Service was friendly and speedy. Prices are very reasonable and everything was very tasty and quite filling. I can't wait to go back to try other items on the menu.
This is the best vegan restaurant I have ever been to, and that's saying a lot since I live in one of the health-food capitals of the country: Santa Cruz, Ca. I am not vegan, but I always find my way to Sweet Pea when visiting my family in Talla for healthy, tasty, affordable food.
Went there for an office lunch and was quite pleased with the tastiness of our entrees. Also pleased with the fact that the ingredients are organic and that they feature and buy local, seasonal veges. Small but interesting beer selection. I'll be back.
I'm not a vegetarian, but I wanted to try this place after reading all the great reviews. I got the Falawesome with sweet potato fries and it was great! I wasn't a fan of the lemon tahini on the Falawesome but I could deal with it. I don't usually like sauces/spreads but I had wanted to give it a try. The sweet potato fries were delicious too, and they have complimentary crossword puzzle books to work on while you wait for your food or while you eat. Very cute place and I'm waiting for a particularly good-sounding special to come along so I can go back.
So good! i love the reuben.
I am not Vegan, but I went to Sweet Pea looking for a good vegan meal. I had the buffalo tofu sandwich, which was pretty good for Vegan fare, but the bread was a weird consistency. The sweet potato fries were delicious, though! The place is very hippy-dippy in its décor and didn't feel very clean. The water is in a big cooler and you use a reusable cup that you get from a big communal bin.
Awesome. I think they do lunch and sometimes brunch? I was there for lunch and the tempeh reubin was awesome. Asian slaw was great. That's all I got, but I'd love to go back.
Great lil' vegetarian joint. Haven't had a dish I didn't like!
Glad that some place in town has vegan poutine! If you're into vegetarian/vegan food you MUST go to this nice little restaurant.
Ummm. I'm not vegan or vegetarian but the food was nothing special.  I could make this stuff at home and I think it is over priced. Plus I didn't really enjoy the place itself.
Hummus: bland.    Beans & Rice: SUPER BLAND. Staff: unfriendly at best, downright mean at times; want to love this vegan place, multiple bad experiences won't allow it :(
Sweet Pea Cafe is Tallahassee's only 100% vegan restaurant, and even though it's in a tiny building located on an unsightly stretch of Tharpe Street near the intersection of Old Bainbridge, in the shadow of Star's Meat Market (famous for their "pick five" deal on various cow innards), Sweet Pea is a class act. Run by Tallahassee natives, Sweet Pea serves delicious breakfast, brunch and coffee to vegans and non-vegans alike. You don't need to be a vegan to appreciate their Reuben, which subs tempeh for the corned beef, a soy-based cheese substitute for the Swiss, and a proprietary "Million Island Dressing" sauce for the traditional Russian dressing. It's a great sandwich. I've also tried the Spicy BLT with blackened tofu instead of bacon, and it's similarly great. I've visited for brunch several times, and have always been impressed with their biscuits & gravy, their home fries, their curry tofu scramble, and their iced coffee (with coffee ice cubes so your coffee doesn't get watered down!). Several times that I've visited there have been special beverages: cucumber lemonade (yum) or watermelon juice (wow). The "poutine" with french fries, vegan gravy and soy cheese is a vegan stoner food classic. The prices are dirt cheap. The staff are all really nice. I don't really miss Tallahassee, but boy do I miss Sweet Pea. If you find yourself in Tallahassee, you must visit.
The Sweet Pea Cafe' is a labor of love on the part of two highly talented and vegan, culinary artists. If you aren't vegan, and don't know that vegan food and cooking can be absolutely delicious, visually appealing, and incredibly diverse, then this should be your first stop in Tallahassee: You'll have a fine time learning all of those things while you enjoy a tasty meal or maybe just a cup of home-roasted coffee. These folks have put together a diverse and interesting menu, and one or the other of them is almost always there, in the thick of things, to keep things just right. This is an excellent place for a quick lunch, a Sunday brunch, or a nice dinner. The price is right, and the atmosphere very casual.
Good one but with less quantity
We really wanted to like this place, so we tried again . . . and really liked it.  The staff was great this time, the menu was full of good options, and the food was really good.  So were the prices.  Their hours are still a bit problematic (they open a little late for lunch and close a little early for dinner -- noon to 7), but I assume that if they survive they'll expand their hours.
I'm not vegan, but friends are and I loved the food! Had the BLT and it was fantastic. The sweet potato fries are delicious! The service was polite and quick, too.
Food-   -Good quality and tasting food which is the important thing to me. STAFF - staff is noticeably selective about how they treat certain people. (I could pretty much see them judging the people that walked in). They are not to terribly nice to strangers, which I find weird cause these people could be potentially returning customers. It didn't make any good business sense.   Plus, it's never a bad idea to be nice to people. (and they were complaining on how they didn't make any tips) TRY BEING NICE! stop sunning people. Atmosphere-  - it use to be a drive thru place I am pretty sure by the looks of it. One of those Walk    up to the window concession stand places, but now has a relatively small sitting    area.  - It was very cute, when I walked in i was like, "aww, this place is cute"  - Not very sanitary! This kinda thru me off cause there are two sides to this.          one- it's kinda of a homey feel, where you make stuff in the kitchen to serve to                    your guest that you are having over.          BUT, the thing is, that doesn't go over well in the professional world. In the sense that you can be more carless in your kitchen at home like where things have been.                   Example: making cookies at home, take them out of the oven, let them cool.                                    - using your bare hands to take them off the sheet, eat a piece of                                      cookie and then go back to taking the rest of the cookies off.                                      Which is what I saw happening here.               - no one was wearing gloves at anytime, and people handling your food with bare hands when you just saw then switching from the register to plating food. Not good food care. Overall this place lost one start for customer service and another one for sanitation. But I had a pleasant experience. This place could be extremely exceptional, if they were to tweak a few things.
