Fabulous food - the waiter promised the scallops would melt in my mouth, and they delivered on the promise. Decent beer selection, but I'm a fan of having the abv, ibu, and a description with the craft and micro brews instead of just the name. I still chose wisely, grabbing the Terrapin Hopsecituoner, a hoppy beet with a smooth finish. And the kitchen was open late which was  a big plus since I just rolled into town.
Went for lunch.  Ordered the pasta special with chicken.  Pasta was ok not seasoned well. The arachok hearts tasted like they came out of a can. Chicken was moist. Atmosphere & decor was very nice.  But food is average.
First time here and it was the worst experience! The server was unfriendly, did not put in our orders in a timely manner, kept forgetting to bring our drinks and had nothing to say when asked why everything was taking so long. The manager wasn't much better. When I told him about our issues he was dumbfounded instead of apologizing.   I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially when Shula's is within walking distance.
This is the first time fellow yelpers have let me down. What a disappointment! First off, I went in jeans and a tee. Yelp says "dressy", it's not. The host was in jeans too so very casual. We started with 2 apps. The Burrata, $19 for 4 tomatoes and 4 chunks of cheese. This tasted good but the tomato should be thick cut not thin and jagged. It is $19 afterall it should be amazing. The other was hushpuppies with cheddar and poblano, nothing special. Entrees: Duck Flatbread and Falafel Sandwich. Duck-the sauce on the flatbread was so sweet this dish was barely edible. Falafel-just yuck. 3 big cold falafel balls on pita bread, not pleasant. Our server was nice, hence the second star. Sadly I don't recommend this place.
Came to tally for a night and stumbled upon this place. Food was fantastic. Service was great. Loved our waiter. Started with cocktails - whiskey sour was more whiskey than sour to my liking but that's okay. Lambtini was delicious. I find most places don't cook lamb well but this place hit the mark. Perfect medium rare! Next I got pork chops and my boyfriend had the fish of the day, sword fish. Pork chops were incredible! They had a chipotle sauce on it that I couldn't get enough of. Served with yummy Yukon potatos. I tried a bite of sword fish, which I normally don't like, and that was great too. Everything was really flavorful and tasty. I couldn't decide on what wine I wanted so my waiter gave me a sample of a few - really nice guy and great waiter! I'm sorry to say I don't remember his name! Maybe Brent? Could be totally wrong on that.... We decided to get desert. We originally ordered some chocolate desert - can't remember the name - but the food runner definitely brought out the wrong chocolate desert (ours was supposed to have pecans and this one didn't) we went with it, super tasty still and our waiter was really smooth about the situation. I could tell he knew it was the wrong one but went with it saying something about how the chef changed it up at the last second and decided to not add pecans. Five points just for pulling off sending out a wrong item so smoothly. Definitely a must try!
They do lunch and dinner.  And have a weekend brunch   We did lunch today and it was incredible.   Had a 12 dollar burger that was awesome Great menu
Whenever I'm in Tally, I have to come to The Ave at least once. Tonight's experience was on par for the usual great food quality and service that I love here. I felt like starting with a Bordeaux by the glass but they ran out. Brandon offered some fun with a blind test taste between a cab and carménère. Carménère won out for me. I wanted poultry so was struggling between the half chicken and duck breast. Glad I chose the duck breast. It came out a nice medium rare paired with asparagus and sweet potato mash. Got a few more days here and hope to come back. It's staple in my experience to visit Tally.
This place has it all.  Great service, delicious food, and cute/trendy atmosphere.  I highly recommend Avenue for a business lunch and/or dinner.  I had a garden salad and the seafood pot pie.  The garden salad was unusually tasty and, although the pot pie was a little too rich for me, it was delicious.  Service was fast.  Our server was on point. Another great asset about Avenue is that the restaurant is split in half with one side being great for business dining and the other side having more of a sports bar feel.  Both sides still have a trendy vibe, but you get both casual and upscale options if you choose to go! We actually liked this place so much that we decided to go back for dinner.  Unfortunately, the kitchen had closed early, but the GM came out to personally apologize and directed us to another restaurant with later hours.  We told him that we would definitely be back to Avenue nonetheless. I gave 4 stars because I like to be selective with my 5-star ratings, but Avenue really deserves a 4.5.
It's a very strong 4 & close to a 4 1/2. The food took a little longer than I was expecting, but it was worth the wait. I got the Lemon Grouper and it was very good. It had a nice crust and a perfectly cooked with a lemon butter sauce that was perfect for the fish. I had asparagus and the garlic potatoes as a side and they were both fantastic "Actually cooked the asparagus" and the crispy garlic potato wedges were delish. The bar tender was awesome, had great recommendations on wine, and really knew his stuff. This has to be one of the top spots in Tally.
First of all this restaurant is expensive. This needs to have more than $$ icons to represent the price. It is a small tight area. It took a party of 7 45 minutes from the point of ordering to receive our food and the restaurant near around 6:30pm. I would like to mention that everyone in the group tried a different entree. Out of the 7 entrees two were sent back, one because the food was cold and the other was because they would rather have a burger than eat the Pelagos (it isn't spicy at all by the way). The portions are small and the food is bland. Lemon Grouper has no taste at all.
Tallahassee gets a bad rap for a number of reasons, a couple of them well-deserved. One, it's home to one of the most backward, anti-democratic, and flat-out worst state legislatures in the entire USA, and two, dad gum it, there sure is an awful lot of garnet and gold floating around. There's also this assumption that it's a hick town with limited, crummy food options. Thankfully, this is by no means true. It makes sense, though - of course the capital city of an important large state will have nice restaurants where corporate lobbyists can wine and dine their favored bought politician. Avenue is unquestionably one of these better restaurants. This place would fit comfortably in a much larger city, with its inventive cocktails and nouveau Southern cuisine. Have a cocktail. This place has a good bar program that deserves support. Try a Cool as a Cucumber, a refreshing but potent drink made with cucumber vodka, cucumber and cantaloupe juice, and rosewater. I also tried the Blanton's and Sweet Tea, a bourbon-ized take on iced tea. It was a great idea...but I always tend to forget just how sweet "sweet tea" is. In Miami, we don't do Sweet Tea - and yes, this one could have used a little less sweetness to my taste. Again, great idea, but it was cloying. For dinner, I went with the Pelagos, which is a seafood stew/broth along the lines of a bouillabaisse or cioppino. It had a real nice spicy broth I enjoyed immensely, and didn't skimp on the assorted seafood. Winner. For brunch? Corn pancakes with blueberry-Kahlua syrup. Great pancakes and a large portion to boot. At first, I thought I could have used more of the syrup than what was provided, but then I found that the sweet creme the cakes were laden with in lieu of butter actually mitigated the relative lack of syrup. I'd order this again, no doubt. Next time I make it up to Garnet & Gold Land, Avenue will be high on my list of to-dos - well-earned over two visits!
They offer some pretty creative and delightful drinks and dishes here but let's skip straight to the desserts. You have to sign a waiver before ordering the revival cake which specifies whether or not you want to be resuscitated when you succumb to your slice of rich, chocolate-y heaven. You might want to notify your next of kin before ordering it and DO NOT order it if you are a recovering chocoholic. They seem to have perfected the Lemay key lime pie recipe as well. The crust had an ideal crumbly consistency and the flavor of the filling was the perfect balance of sweet and tart and it was all topped with homemade whipped cream. Every time you take a bite, a soft, subtle sea breeze straight from the Florida Keys gently whisps past your face. But the dessert most worth dying for is the Reese's peanut butter pie. This pie turned a group of civilized acquaintances into a savage pack of pie-mongers. I had to threaten to stab a friend with each one of my utensils so she would stop stealing bites of my chocolate-y, peanut butter-y bliss. Can't stab someone with a spoon, you say? Well, I say you're not trying hard enough to protect your precious pie. Thankfully, all of us survived our decadent dessert ordeal and I'm pretty sure I should have called a cab instead of driving back to the hotel because I'm positive I was over the legal sugar limit. BOTTOM LINE: Um, did I mention the desserts?
I was only in town for one night and this is the place we ended up eating. WOW. The food was amazing. It is quality over quantity, but that makes a nice change. It was also pretty pricey i thought, but i think it's perfect for a date night. Nice decor, very friendly staff and free street parking. I had the duck with sweet potato and asparagus ($30). My wife had pork chop with red peas and assorted vegetables ($23). If we lived here, date night would happen here regularly!
I have to say that the bone in pork chop was perfect. The wine was the perfect temp and the service top notch. It's a place I would come back without question. Good food and good service is all I ask.
Went to Avenue for Valentine's Day Dinner with my wife and four wonderful friends. This was my first trip and was not disappointed, I had the Duck Breast with Asparagus and sweet potato mash, excellent meal a perfect medium rare. The rest of the table had the a wide selection from the from menu. The pork chop was rated well by Big M, the Sirloin was declared a superb cut of beef by Lil Cappin and the Prime Filet was declared a victory. Leave the salad to the bunnies, replace it with the Smoked Cheddar grits with sausage. Oh and the make a mean Moscow Mule  !!
Best nice place in Tallahassee, next to Cluster and Hops. Excellent food- creative dishes, great presentation, get the taste right. The service is great, too. Staff are friendly but professional enough to know when to back off and let a couple enjoy a date. Eat here.
Its your textbook hit and miss place. I love the lobster mint salad and most of the seafood dishes that I have tried. They only get three stars because of prices (inflated especially for lunch) and the fact that they ruined what used to be my favorite burger in town by switching from fresh to frozen patties.
Our daughter made reservations here for us because she was hoping we would like it.  Located in downtown, this is a Tally gem.  Not very many good restaurants here, mainly fast food and big chain restaurants are the norm. When we walked in I really liked the dim lighted decor, modern but yet warm and inviting. The particular night we came they were very busy and had several large groups. It looked to be office holiday party's. The acoustics were very bad, with so many people in there it was very loud.  I can see our experience would have been even better if not for the large crowds. Their menu consist of locally grown organic foods, fresh fish, nice variety. We were a group of six and we started with several appetizers.  The entire tables favorite were the scallops.  I don't care for scallops much but they said they were the best they have ever had.  I enjoyed the artichoke dip, oh my it had huge artichokes in a cheesy spread with incredible flavors.  It was heavenly! I ordered a bottle of Chardonnay for the table and a decent Pinot Noir. Our waiter was not very personable. The waters and wine were not filled very quickly at all and when we would ask for something it was as if we were bothering him. The food made me give a four star rating.  I ordered the Grouper and it was delicious. It was so fresh, great flavor as everyone at our table enjoyed their entrees. Everything we ordered just was so fresh and tasted amazing. Yes, I would recommend giving this place a try. Prices are typical for good quality cuisine. Try and go when they are not so busy and I'm sure it will be a great experience. I will be back.
Absolutely love this place. Service and timing is always great, and the brunch/lunch never disappoints. Their Eggs Benedict makes me drool just thinking about it.
I was in Tallahassee on business and heard about this new hot spot from a co-worker. The martinis were unique and refreshing, the food was inventive and fresh, and the scallops were divine! Great vibe and a neat spot for a meet up over aps and drinks!
I haven't written a Yelp review in over a year, maybe more, but here I am, very enthusiastically writing a review of Avenue (Apparently Tallahassee is an Urbanspoon town? Did everyone just see the app commerical? Weird). Back story: I just moved here from the San Francisco Bay Area where I had been very, very, very lucky to eat and drink exceptionally well.  Not knowing what to expect from Tallahassee, I was open to regional dining at hole in the wall places.  I didn't anticipate finding somewhere that would make me feel like home. Suffice it to say, I've been here twice. In five days. The first time I had the heirloom tomato, lobster and mint salad.  It immediately made me homesick for Bar Crudo (sob).  But, that's a good thing.  Through my salty tears, I also loved the Anderson Valley Gewuertz.  My friend and I topped it off with the red velvet cake, which came with a milk chaser.  I may have also tried the NZ (Mohua) Sauvignon Blanc, but by that point it would have been lost on me. Tonight I stopped by to have what my friend had ordered the first night, the lemon grouper.  So. Good.  I paired it with a very dry German riesling- it has been hard to find a dry, let alone very dry, riesling in this town, so that was exciting.  For dessert, the carrot cake was suggested, and it was both gianormous and good, if a bit overchilled. What sets Avenue apart from some other aspirational scenester places in town (ahem, everything at the Hotel Duval) is the atmosphere, which includes the front of house staff.  The decor is classy but very understated, so it is not trying too hard.  Everyone has been exceptionally friendly and been wiling to talk, in awe, about amazing meals enjoyed at other temples to food. Price wise, Avenue is slightly cheaper than what I would expect to pay for the same food in San Francisco.  I can see why this would be startling to those who are used to Tallahassee prices.  In reading the website's information about their produce, it looks as if most of it is from California, which is fine but it makes it harder to claim local, farm to table, etc.  I would like to be wrong on this front. All in all, I can easily see this becoming my go to place for whenever I am missing home or just wanting an exceptional meal with carefully selected ingredients. Also, they have a bottle of Central Otago Pinot that I have my eye on...
Another hidden gem in the capital city ... Located along a quiet street and across from a park, this restaurant was a pleasant surprise to us. Our son told us we would like it and I guess we trained him right over the years (what happened to the little guy who ate plain hamburgers?). Daniel and I had the Short Rib sandwich and it was excellent! Carol had the Salad Nicoise that she enjoyed. It was quiet, our waitress, Emily, made us feel at home and made suggestions in reference to our gluten free diner. This was just a little oasis off of the beaten path and we enjoyed our meal. Definitely worth a return trip next time we are in Tallahassee.
We ate dinner tonight at Avenue Eat and Drink on Park Avenue in downtown Tallahassee. The place bills itself as a "Southern Fusion" restaurant and prides itself on locally produced ingredients. So it was a surprise when the waiter ticked off the entrees with only a couple being remotely local. Two of the proteins, including oysters, were from Seattle. Oysters from Puget Sound being served 40 miles from the Apalachacola Bay? Really? Instead of the amazing lamb from Jefferson County, they fly in their product from New Zealand. Nonetheless, the meal was mostly pretty darn good. A seared scallop app served over corn cakes with spinach, bacon cream sauce and a balsamic syrup was one of the best versions of the dish I've ever eaten. Of our two entrees, a grilled sockeye salmon (from Alaska; you're welcome Ms. Palin) was good; well cooked with a nice ginger note and some smashed rosemary potatoes. I ordered the pelagos because I'm a big fan of fish stew and the menu promised local Gulf seafood. I'm not sure about everything in the bowl but the predominate fish was salmon; not something I've often or ever caught in the Gulf. The stew also included an unidentified white fish, a couple of big shrimp, some mussels, one of those delicious grilled scallops and some clams of unknown origin. That brings us to the broth. I love fish stews. I love a nice cioppino or a boulibase or a dark gumbo with it's rich seafood base. According to the manager, the pelagos is a popular dish. I wonder how many patrons order it a second time. I won't. The sauce is described as a fennel infused tomato sauce. I couldn't detect the fennel under a smoky pungent flavor that might have been hot paprika. Whatever it was, it didn't work for me. It was OK but disappointing considering the rest of the meal. I'm glad I went and I'll probably be Back again one day. I hope that they follow through on their stated commitment to fresh, local and organic food.
Great service and good food.
Carlos and Steven are the best bartenders in Tallahassee. Oh..and the food is amazing!
I came upon this place via a tip on foursquare and must say I am glad I did. Everything is moderately priced--around $10 for appetizers and $15+ for entrees. Happy hour is only at the bar, which was a surprise to me. I ordered a Waldorf salad and my friend ordered the artichoke dip appetizer and both were absolutely delicious! I would compare the food to Food Glorious Food and the atmosphere to a mix between Cypress and 101 (all local in Tallahassee), but brighter and more inviting! I'll definitely be back. Also, they mentioned to me a new brunch special coming up--I think it was one free mimosa with brunch. If you've read any of my other reviews--you'll know how crazy I am about mimosa brunches, so A+ for that!
This place is absolutely not worth the expense. It is probably the single most expensive restaurant I've eaten at in Tallahassee. Their 32 oz bloody is not 32 oz, I would know bc I serve actual 32 oz drinks all day. The food was forgettable at best and inedible at worst. $70 for brunch  for 2 should certainly be justifiable somewhere and, at Ave. Eat & Drink, it simply is not. I recommend anywhere else in town for brunch, including Angelette's or Primetime (for the drinkers) instead. You will spend less money and leave significantly more satisfied. Go ahead, you can thank me later ;)
Took the wife and kids (teens) here for our 20th wedding anniversary. Great food, very good service, without being stuffy. Falafel appetizer was very good had swordfish - excellent, quail - thoughts 16 yr old was going to inhale it, jumbo shrimp w/ mango BBQ sauce - perfect.
Was in Tallahassee a number of times last fall, and found Avenue to be just delightful. Although smallish, the atmosphere is very nice, and well decorated. The staff is extremely polite and helpful. I've eaten there approximately 4 times, and have never had a dish that was any less than superb. The beef ribs were to DIE for, and even though the portion looks decievingly small, I was completely stuffed. Their wine selection is excellent, and the owners are often on hand and very solicitous of their customers. Do NOT miss this one, worth every penny, and very reasonable!
Spent $100 on food for two of us.  The appetizer was not  great  even though we spent $20 on it!  We got the butcher block and the meats were tiny.  Just not worth it at all... Not very good.   The meal though, was very good.  I got the braised short rib and mashed potatoes...  It was a lot to eat... Husband got the chef's special that happened to be snapper.  He loved it.   Just not somewhere we can afford to go every week or two.   Also got the chili hush puppies... Not great!
Our server was friendly, attentive, and spent a great deal of time explaining the background of the restaurant and menu options. I liked tha ta good proportion of their ingredients are locally farmed and organic. There were many things we wanted to try, and my husband and I didn't want to commit to entrees. So, we decided to split 5 appetizers: Pan-seared scallops: great flavors and would recommend. The only thing I would change is the texture. Perhaps the chef can add something cripsy to give it a little crunch? Pork belly with cabbage: I was a little skeptical on this recommendation, but it ended up being my favorite thing! I almost ordered seconds! It was very fatty, but the pickled veggies really rounded out all the flavors well. Tuna two ways pan seared and tartare: My husband is a tuna nut, and really enjoyed this dish. Although, we both agreed that the tartare was superior. It reminded me of poke, a spicy version of Asian sashimi tuna salad. They served them on thin crackers, which we asked for more. Arugula salad with walnuts, figs, and bacon was decent. Heirloom Tomato And Burrata Mozzarella Salad: this had a nice flavor. the mozzarella was quite mild and VERY creamy. I love cheese, but I'm not sure if most people can really appreciate this style of mozzarella. I also ordered a peartini, which was very good. Overall, a nice experience with good food using quality ingredients.
I had the grouper tacos and my boyfriend had the angus burger....the best meal we have had visiting Florida. The martinis were awesome. Next year when we visit again we are coming back here for sure. The service was great. The manager Jeff served great drinks and was an awesome hostess. I would recommend this place to everyone.
I'm new to Tallahassee and haven't seen a lot of places, but I don't think I'll find too many establishments like this.  It was classy and comfortable restaurant with a nice ambiance.  The fare was high quality as well.  A tuna appetizer made for a nice, light dinner for me.  The bar met my needs, and those tending were fun to talk to without being intrusive.  They had a few TVs as well, which was nice to keep my eye on a game.   I plan on going back and look forward to sampling a few more items from the menu.
Very good! I had the ceaser salad (one of the best I've had) to start and the falafel flatbread for lunch and both were delightful. The crispy homemade sweet potato chips served with almost every meal are great. Would love to go back again.
Really good. Very good food, excellent staff. If I lived in Tallahassee I'd eat here all the time.
$8 for a bottle of Terrapin?  $10 for a Bailey's on the rocks?  $10 for a demitasse cup of coffee with a shot of Sambuca?  Are you f-ing kidding me???  I think the food and service are both very good, but the quickest way to lose business in Tallahassee is to leave your customers feeling cheated.
I'll start w/ the bad, to explain the 3 stars.  First -- slooooooow and even with the slowness, poorly timed service.  Took a good 45 minutes to get my appetizer -- I was starving and finally asked for some bread to tide me over.  The app came out 5 minutes later followed immediately by the bread (too late) and then immediately followed by my entree.  As it turned out, it was a good thing  they stacked my appetizer and entree because the pepper dusted prawn appetizer had the distinct aroma and flavor of ammonia.  Scary.  I sent them back (perhaps the 2nd time I've ever sent anything back at a restaurant). Now, the good.  The bartender was very nice and apologetic both about the slowness and the turned shrimp.  Comped a couple of nice glasses of wine and basically handled the whole thing perfectly.  And the quail with oyster grits was amazing.  Really, really delicious.  I probably just caught them on an off night -- but you don't want to mess with bad prawns.
We arrived famished, and watched 3 other people sit down, order, and receive their food before we did. We must have offended the wait staff, because when our orders finally arrived, we received a Caesar salad that was literally a hunk of lettuce head drizzled with sauce and eggs Benedict. Generally, I prefer a $17 salad to contain something nutritional, not just lettuce and bacon. The presentation was interesting, but the servers went out of their way to ignore us, and I've had far better meals for a fraction of the price. All in all, I rate the restaurant in proportion to the service: existent, but hardly worth the time.
Hostess should be fired.  After waiting 10 mins to be acknowledged and a conscientious waiter had to go find the hostess - I was told it would be 20 mins - only needed a single spot and said no problem would be at the bar.  Almost an hour later - she was MIA again and never came for me despite seating others.  I left.  Too bad I had heard good things about the food.
Pretty darn good!  Nice people, great location.
Nice place right in the middle of Tally. Food was excellent as was the service!
Went to Avenue Eat & Drink on Tuesday (11/27/12).  Had the brie appetizer (about $10), the Caesar salad (about $10), and the 8 oz Angus burger w/brie & mushrooms on it with fries ($15).  Everything was cooked very well, came out hot/warm, waiter was great, refilled drinks and cleared dishes without being asked.  Wasn't too busy either.  Just an FYI, there is metered parking until 6pm, so, try to get there around 6 or later.
Great stop to make during Fall Season's DownTown GetDowns. Strolling up the street people watching til the heat kills you, somehow crawl through the door and be blasted with cool A/C. Then grab a Key Lime Pie Martini - sweet drink to warm the belly.
Delicious! Traveling for work and needed a good restaurant in Tallahassee. Had the boneless shortrib with the mashed parsnips, potatoes and carrot. Outstanding. Good service and nice atmosphere! WELL DONE!
very cute place, especially for tallahasse. i had the fish tacos and they were delicious. the regular bloody mary was also one of the best i have had. a little pricey for tallahassee standards but tasty nonetheless. service was a little slow, but the staff was friendly.
Love Avenue. We usually come here for a fancy night out or with visiting family. Great location and atmosphere. The food is delicious and they have the tastiest cocktails in Tally.
The food here is 'off the charts.' The atmosphere and hospitality is first rate. The Caesar salad is the best I have ever had. Grouper in a lemon sauce was terrific. The burger was made of prime angus and tasty and the quail was delicious, tender and perfectly cooked. The desserts were excellent . We all agreed this place is as good as any you'd find anywhere in the USA. If you are looking for a great restaurant-nice place to go in TLH, this is the place. Ask for Demetrius.
I'm torn between giving Avenue 3 stars or 4.  We went for dinner one evening on a recommendation from friends.  It's great to have another non-chain restaurant in the city.  So, the food was great.  The service was Ok.  The ambiance, etc. are very nice.  The negatives are prices and portions.  We ordered Tuna appetizer and literally got 6 quarter size (in thickness as well) pieces of tuna for $15.  We'll probably go back and be a little more particular on what we order.
They are now open Sunday nights for dinner, this just started a few weeks ago so the yelp description is a little out of date.   Staying the week at Tallahassee for work and found this gem on yelp.  The dishes are a tad pricey, 10+ for apps and 20+ for entrees.  However I think it is well with the price, i ordered the boneless braised ribs and duck flatbread and enjoyed them both.  The ingredients tasted fresh and this menu stood out from the other restaurants.   Also the staff was very friendly.  Give it a try!
I had never been to Tallahassee and Avenue was the first restaurant that I went to upon arrival. I asked about the meat, if it was local (which is important to me) and if it was grass feed and sure enough it was! And organic :) Had a delicious burger, the bun was almost over toasted, but still tasted wonderful. Substituted the chickpea fries, which was a real interesting treat! I was solo so I ate at the bar. The bartender, Carlos, was super cool and very nice, he even recommended a few good bars around the area. I will probably hit up Avenue one more time before leaving!
Excellent food taste and look. A little pricey but elegant and worth it.
Avenue Eat and Drink in Tallahassee, Fl is such a great place with specialty cocktails, good music, and terrific food.  The staff is so friendly and accommodating to everyone!  The bar was hopping last night and fun !
I had dinner and lunch over two days and was very happy with both meals. They have a simple menu with so many options, it made choosing difficult.
Went there for the first time yesterday. The beef shoulder was excellent. I got it with mashed potatoes which were also fantastic. The half chicken my wife got was not all that great. The chicken was bland. The atmosphere seemed very upscale and expensive. Prices were higher than expected, but probably due to the type of customers that were eating there. Overall good experience but would probably not go back.
The evening at Avenue was delightful.  I loved my scallops with pasta.  The environment was great, and I the service was excellent.  Thank you Chris and Jeff, we will be back very soon!
Nice little find in downtown tallahassee. Food is mediocre but the drinks and dessert are pretty good. Bit on the costly side but good for a night out. Decor and mood are on point.
