I cannot recommend this course highly enough.  Beautifully maintained classical course, with some particularly challenging holes.  A great time for all ages.  This is one of the best miniature golf courses I've ever played on. As a bonus, the grass around each hole is very soft, a delight to walk on barefoot.   The ice cream is also a treat.   Very reasonably priced.
This is a throwback golfcourse, with every last bit of it truly hand-made, right down to the golfball water retrieval tool crafted out of an old kitchen spoon. Many of the holes show a recent sprucing up, although about half still have threadbare turf and are missing "schticks", it still has the feel of a place where an owner cares about how things look. The holes are a mixture of nyeah to moderately interesting. The two that standout are #14, where you have to launch over a fountain, which is fun but the engineering of the ramp wasn't done nicely enough to allow a true skill shot; and #17, a deviously simple-seeming rotating hole (yes, the cup is not in the same spot, it spins around). No Insane Clown hole, which I consider a plus,and one of the better windmills I've seen. I do find it a bit annoying that dead-on shots for trick holes where the "feeder hole" should lead to a hole in one are misaligned; this was the case on two holes, and the 18th hole had a lip to it that made launching into the hole-in-one zone a bit of an adventure. All in all in terms of fun factor and playability it's only slightly above average, but the real grass in place of concrete paths and generally homey feel about the place lead me to give it a fourth star on warm-and-fuzzies. We've been to other courses in the area (we're in the midst of a comprehensive review of every mini-golf in an hour's driving distance of Lock 7) and so far this is the only one we wanted to play again right away, and the only one where they'd obviously bothered to sweep the leaf and grass debris off prior to opening. The large caboose that serves as the snack bar will attract the kids, but unfortunately since the inside is the food prep area, they will in turn be disappointed that they can't go inside it. We did enjoy some soft-serv icecream, but I have to give them downgrades for not knowing how to do a proper dip. Why does nobody know how to do a swirl dip anymore? Is it a lost art?
Dan's Miniature Golf is in need of a second look, indeed! Since my last visit back in 2009 Dan's has really upped it's mini-golf game. Let's start with ice cream. Step up to a real caboose on a real train track with a real railroad crossing signal that you can operate! It lights up and rings a bell when you push the colorful lighted buttons. Don't let the kiddies be too over zealous with the bell. The staff listens to it all day. Three soft serve flavors at a time. Vanilla, chocolate and a flavor of the week that changes from orange to cherry to watermelon to mocha to who knows...gotta check the sign. You can have each individually or each twisted with vanilla. You can also get a sundae made out of the soft serve with typical toppings. Slush puppies are also offered in various flavors. I dislike melty ice cream so I choose to take the second cone when I go with my outing  partner. On to Miniature Golf... The course has been meticulously and thoughtfully maintained. The vintage obstacles have been cleaned, painted and are maintained in proper working order. Each hole is challenging and offers enough of a diversion in creativity that it makes you want to comment on it. There is a new water feature that is pretty cool with a new wooden bridge to cross over it. All the putters and balls are new. The grounds are planted with new saplings and annual flowers. One hole is  still under construction and invites patrons to re-play their favorite hole for a full 18-hole game. That is fair. We replayed the wishing well. You get a hole in one if you land the ball in the bucket. I did not land the ball in the bucket but you bet I dropped it in just to watch it roll into the hole. The cost is $6.50 as of July 2013. Dads play free on Father's Day and Moms play free on Mother's Day. There are other deals throughout the year that are displayed on their roadside sign. Some of the greens are worn and most of the holes are sloped in not your favor. I think I'll be back for another round before the season's end.
This is such a great place with a charming whimsical appeal. Every hole is unique and interesting, unlike most of the big box courses of today where everything looks the same. I feel like I just landed in some story book when I play here. They don't make them like this anymore. The Ice cream is great too.
