Wish I could give it 4.5 stars. 5 would mean they are perfect and we can always get better, right? Seriously, the customer service was stellar and the food was extremely good. I just wish the sides were a little bigger. The nice thing about this place is that they don't cut down your portions when you go up one meat in the combo column. 4 meats was more than a value at less than $20. The young man that attended to us Chicagoans en route to Disney was in his mid twenties, thin beard...very enthusiastic about the food and answered my seventeen questions happily. This is what brings people back. Even decent food tastes better when you have great people serving you. Oh yeah, the sauces on the tables are oh so lovely. And just to give you the bottom line succinctly: think Famous Dave's, but way cheaper, not as good sauces but pretty darn close, and it's sort of like Chipotle in serving style so you can forgo the 20% gratuity (although a buck or two in the jar is surely justifiable).
Piggy's is  basically a fast food BBQ Restaurant...you stand in a line..proceed to the front to order and then they plate your order in front of you as your paying at the register...if you order any of the fried side items they give you a number that you put on the table and then someone brings it out to you a few minutes later...Piggy's has always fallen in the past under the decent BBQ category for me because some items are good(Brisket..Pulled Pork..Sides..BBQ Sauces) and some are not so good(Ribs) ,but lately it's falling into the below average category for me...Prices have always been a little high at Piggy's and lately they have gone up even more...BBQ is taking cheap cuts of meat like Briskets..Boston Butts..Ribs and slow cooking them till they are tender and edible..these are not expensive cuts of meat to start with so there is no reason for high prices like they charge...then Piggy's Nickles and Dimes you to death on "Extras" Charges..want that side?..well that's a special side and will cost you 50 cents more...what's so special about Broccoli or Sweet Potatoes?...want that meat in your 3 meat combo?..that will be 2 dollars extra?...why is Brisket 2 dollars more?..not exactly filet!!....I used to look past the annoying pricing when the food was good ,but lately it's been as inconsistent as a World Cup Soccer Referee calling a Brazilian Game...take my last visit for example(Pictures Attached)..Pulled Pork Sandwich was a soupy mess as it had sat in the heating bin far too long and had the consistency of Spam that had been sitting in the sun all day...the Brisket I ordered to quote my late grandfather "was drier than a buckwheat fart" and no amount of their 5 delicious BBQ Sauces could help me choke it down without fear of it getting lodged in my throat..very disappointing meals and there was no one to tell it to because all the employees were congregated in The Dining Room texting and talking and eating....you know the old restaurant saying "if you can lean you can clean"?, well that would have certainly applied here, because the restaurant had tables and booths that were littered with empty plates and no one seemed to care..I really think part of the problem at Piggy's these days is that I rarely see the owner there anymore, and he used to be there all the time when the place was good..the owner needs to look at getting some new Managers ASAP if he is not going to be around as much, else his restaurant is going to be in serious trouble when 4 Rivers BBQ opens in Midtown in the not so distant future...based on my last couple visits this joint has dropped down to only 2 stars, and I don't know if I will return for a while..in closing.. This little Piggy went to Piggy's This little Piggy should have stayed home This little Piggy had Brisket This little Piggy wished he had ordered none And this little Piggy cried WEE WEE WEE all the way Home
The updated review: Great news: Yelp works! This morning I received a message regarding my visit last night, with an apology and an invitation to give Piggy's a second chance. That level of concern, and the promise to remedy the issue, is impressive. I have to admit that beef was amazing, even while I was wanting to hate it, and I was eating it with a wooden coffee stirrer broke into two pieces and used as chopsticks. There was a thick char. It was juicy. The mustard and vinegar mixed together was super flavorful, but I also ate some with no sauce and it was marvelous. There was love in that meat. The sweet potatoes weren't too sweet and there was a little crunch that was satisfying. The coleslaw was okay. I added some of the vinegar to it and it tasted much better. This lackluster feel could be in part because I didn't want slaw. I wanted okra. But let's not dwell on the past. Good sides, amazing beef, amazing sauces, super caring owner....and we'll just do a wait and see on the rest of the team. I have off days too, so I'll assume that was the case here. The first review: This will be my first poor review. My first review based solely on customer service. My "award" is I just spent $12 on BBQ....and all I got was this lousy attitude adjustment. And BBQ. Someone needs to attend a Customer Service 101 class, and by someone I mean everyone currently working here. You close at 9:00. It is 8:45. Your fryers should not be off. I checked to see if Eminem was in town performing, which would be the only reason to close down early, and he's not soooooo why am I not able to order fried okra or fried corn nuggets? Both take minutes to drop, cook and throw into a to-go clamshell. ...and the attitude in here? Holy moly, it's as if you're doing me a favor taking my order. Get over yourself. Ok. Deep breath. At least the BBQ is rumored to be delicious, so I'll just dig in and--WAIT! WHERE'S MY BLEEPING FORK??!? Come onnnnnn
Update - The brisket has been dry and/or overly burnt the last couple times I've been there
Landed here from CT and immediately wanted BBQ.  This place was 10 min from the airport and looked like the perfect blend of not-fancy, not-sketchy. Wife got pulled pork sandwich and put the hot BBQ sauce on it and thought it was great.  I had the brisket which was nice and salty and not over-cooked.  We spilt sides of corn bread, beans, string beans and fries which were all very tasty and fresh. Best part - Got all that food and two large drinks for under $20.  Really liked this place and would definitely come back.
Piggy's is a definite stop for me when I am in Tallahassee. I have never had a bad meal here. Ribs and brisket have a great bark on them. Always plenty of food. I am definitely a fan.
Quick food and cooked well, but over priced for the quantity (see pictures). Nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary. The sauces were pretty good, but again, nothing extraordinary. It's a high quality fast food BBQ restaurant. Not the best I've had, but certainly far from the worst-- just slightly over priced
All I can say is...Delicious!!!!! Best pork I've ever had with lots of flavor!!! Awesome brisket! My husband is from Texas and he totally approved! Will definitely eat here when traveling through next time!
Not worth the 8 mile detour. Yelp has misled me for damn near the first time. Long story short... Not Texas/Southern BBQ. Meat was decent, sides were scarce, and the sauce... and I tried all 5 or 6, were horrible and I couldn't find one even palatable. Would be a 3.5 with some decent sauce.
My son and I have been to a lot of BBQ joints around the country, this is one of the best
On this visit at 2:00 on Saturday afternoon, I chose a brisket sandwich with a side is fried okra. The server sliced and chopped the juicy looking brisket (wish he'd included a little of the fat and bark). The bun was big and I would have preferred it lightly steamed instead of cold. The okra was crunchy and good. There was a selection of 5 sauces with the sweet being too sweet but when paired with the mustard or Vin-N it was ok. I thought the price was steep for lunch with the $7.00 sandwich and $3 up charge for a side and drink. I had to clean my own table. When the person noticed me doing that she just sat my okra down and walked away. There were a lot of people behind the counter with none of the younger people keeping an eye on the dining room. Perhaps that is a training issue. I'll come back because I like to support local businesses but won't be bragging about the place to anyone yet.
Had the brisket and it was somewhat dry.  I thought it was a little expensive for basic barbecue. The hand cut fries were the highlight for sure
Very similar in concept to Orlando's vaunted 4 Rivers Smokehouse - but in my opinion, a lot better. And a lot less crowded, too. Solid BBQ and sides. In my experience with 'Q places, there's always something, often more than one thing, that I can point to as being dreadful, whether it's dry cornbread, flavorless beans, dry fatty brisket, etc. etc. I ordered the pulled pork platter with two sides. Pretty cheap, and there wasn't a "bad" item on the plate. Pulled pork itself is hard to screw up too badly, but the beans and sweet potato casserole I had as sides were both very good. Beans were nicely smoky, and the sweet potato was sinfully delicious, sweet and spicy (pie spices) to the point where I could have had it for dessert. With the cornbread, I didn't see any real corn inside, which is a strike, but at the very least, it was moist and flavorful - which is more than a lot of Florida BBQ joints can claim.
Being a Texas BBQ "snob" I wasn't expecting to be so impressed.  A 2 meat plate  provided ample portions of very lean brisket and St. Louis style ribs.  2 sides and a drink complete the basket.  Cole slaw wasn't overly creamy (which I prefer), the fries are made to order and served piping hot (very rare these days).  Not as "smokey" as TX BBQ, but still very flavorful.  Sauces were a bit watery and the hottest sauce wasn't really very hot. Still, it added a little "bite" without a sugar based sauce.  Bottom line, next time in town, I'll be back.
We came to piggy's  into piggy's and did not have the best experience. I wrote a previous review on that. The manager read it wrote me a response and refunded our meal to us! Thank you for doing that! It shows that even though you guys might have been having a bad day you really do care about your customers:)
I love the BBQ and also a big supporter of fire rescue and ems.  Service is always super friendly and try to get you going as fast as possible.  Lunch time can be very busy!
Piggy's BBQ is probably the best place for barbecue in Tallahassee. I've been here several times and every meal I've had has been delicious, consistent, and plentiful for the price. I've yet to try all the meats on the menu but definitely be sure to try out their beef brisket even though it's the priciest - it tastes amazing! Also, another definite plus is that their sides are all really good as well. I generally stick to the sweet potato casserole and the coleslaw but have delved into the vegetables and corn nuggets on occasion which are both very good as well. If you visit enough, I would recommend joining their Club Piggy's reward program as you can usually save some bucks after several meals which helps. I think they should probably promote this more and especially at the cash register. Most of the time, they often don't ask if you're part of their club when you pay which seems odd.
I am seriously obsessed with Piggy's nachos (if you read my other reviews I kind of have a thing about BBQ nachos).  While they don't have tons of toppings, the cheese, pulled pork, and jalapenos are perfect and delicious on their own - not to mention the spicy mustard BBQ sauce I add at the table!  I can't get enough of the nachos - I'm going to sound crazy here but I've had them at least 5 times in the past 8 weeks or so. Their other food is great too - it always seems to be fresh and high quality even though the serving-style is akin to Chipotle or similar fast-casual establishments.  And if you go definitely join the Piggy's club - you will be back! My only wish is one day they make the nachos a permanent menu feature so I don't have to wait until Fridays to get my fix.  (Is there such thing as nacho rehab??)
Im not a big fan of bbq but this place is pretty good. I don't know if I will go back just because I don't like bbq (I had to go here because my hubby likes it and I lost in rock-paper-scissor game while deciding who gets to pick where we ate) but I would recommend it to other people who like bbq.
We stopped at Piggy's while driving back home to Texas....and I'm so glad we did!  The pulled pork and brisket were amazing, as were the baked beans, but what really made me go nuts is the Vin'gar barbecue sauce!  I love vinegar-based sauces and haven't had one this good in years!  We will definitely be back on our next road trip!
Wonderful barbeque, and the world's best potato salad. Even better than my own! Outstanding customer service. Be sure to try the chicken salad sandwich.
Piggy's made me a pig. I realize gluttony is a sin, but I just couldn't help myself after seeing everything I could pick. My plate was full of pulled pork, beef brisket, and turkey... I added fries, baked beans, and pecan cobbler. Yes, I spend almost $20 on lunch just for myself. Everything was delicious. Amazing, actually. Well, except for the turkey. It was processed turkey and it had a weird rubbery texture. That made me kind of sad because everything else was soooo good. I agree with p. d. that the fries could be warmer. Apparently they close at 2:30 p.m. I say "apparently" because I was sitting down enjoying my meal when one of their employees told me that as soon as I was done I would be able to exit out the side door. I had no idea they'd be closing in the middle of the day. Maybe that's a Tallahassee thing?? This is the first time I've been at a restaurant for last call.
Being huge BBQ fan - this place did not disappoint. Amazing food. Great service ! We had the beef brisket platter and the ribs platter, great portions and really really good sides! We had checked the reviews before trying out this place and it lived up to the reviews was so good!
Yum!  Piggy's is the same dining style as Moe's or Panera, except gone BBQ.  I think it is absolutely delish (though some visits have been more delicious than others- sometimes the food is not hot enough, and certain items were not quite what I expected.)  But clearly it is good because I have been there at least a dozen times. The good: They serve cheddar biscuits (clearly Red Lobster-inspired, but I am NOT complaining because they're awesome!)  Also, I LOVE the cheesy broccoli casserole.  I usually get a kid's plate (good size for lighter eaters) and order the broccoli casserole as my side. It is fabulous when it is piping hot, but when I've gotten it lukewarm/cold... bleh! I have also tried the sweet potatoes and the corn casserole, and was not as crazy about those.  Both seem to have tons of breading or something mixed in as filler, which honestly is not the best implementation for either casserole... which is a pity because I usually LOVE sweet potato casserole and corn puddin'-type sides. That said, sides are my favorite part of the BBQ experience, but I find the meat here to be awesome too!  I usually just get the chicken.  It is fall-off-the-bone and tastes super good with the mustard BBQ sauce.  I have also tasted the brisket, ribs, and "Humpday Ham," and it's all been great!  If you are a carnivore I suspect you will be very pleased! Also, each entree comes with a fountain drink... love that!  Not sure if the styrofoam cups are so environmentally-friendly, though.  Overall, recommended!  Better than lots of sit-down places, and more convenient!
Best brisket I've ever had.   I need to try them again, before I write much more, but I'm looking forward to it! 2nd trip 02/2010:  Brisket was still out of this world.  French Fries could have been warmer.  Service was as speedy as first time...which is pretty darn fast.  Just wish they had more seating!
The Fat Guys made a return visit Friday evening. The owner has made several changes based on our criticisms, so we owed him a revisit. Besides that the food is quite good. Again the restaurant front of house was clean, the serving staff friendly and helpful -- lots of smiles. That brisket looked so good last time that I couldn't wait to get a taste. Brisket and sausage for me! FG2 did brisket and ribs; #3 did brisket; #4, pulled pork sandwich. The bad: okay, not really BAD, just could be better. The brisket had great bark, good taste, and extremely tender, but was on the dry side. FG#3 had a serving of au jus, 1 & 2 didn't get this. Lest one think this was perhaps a less than perfect brisket, I'll point out that 2 and 3 had their portions cut from one brisket; mine was cut from a brisket fresh from the kitchen. The good: the bread was warm and has changed since our last review. Much better! All the meats and sides were served hot, and all were delicious. The sausage was very good, served with onions and peppers. The mild flavor likely satisfies most folks, but I'd prefer a more potent version. I would, however, recommend this. The serving line moves quickly -- this crew is well trained and very organized. Watching them work is fun, and they can feed a bunch of people very quickly. The line can get long at times (and finding seating can be a challenge) but rest assured that you'll be served after a short, short wait. Bottom line -- we like this place. We like it A LOT! We're sure to return again. And again.
I am a happy Piggy!  Yelp led me to this excellent BBQ joint while driving back through Tallahassee.  I live in Texas, and I'm pretty picky about my BBQ.  I know BBQ is a religious thing to many people so I'll be very descriptive in why I liked Piggy's so much. 1)  Ribs - I had a half rack of baby back ribs.  I am usually a BBQ sauce hound...however, these ribs didn't actually need sauce.  They had a great smoky flavor and a sweet spicy finishing sauce on them, so I didn't need to add sauce.  Most of the meat was moist but still fell off the bone.  The edges were a little charred though, but only about one square inch was too charred to eat so no biggie.  I ended up giving two of the ribs to family members because between the ribs and the sides I was stuffed. 2)  The sides.  They have a plethora of choices and most of them sounded good.  It was very hard to pick two but I did, I chose potato salad and corn casserole.  I loved both.  The potato salad was a mayonnaise creamy style and very fresh, rather than the mustard style which is more popular in TX but that I don't like as much.  The corn casserole wasn't quite as good as my homemade variety but it was still very tasty - very sweet, melts in your mouth.   There were three bread choices, I had the cornbread, it was very sweet like the corn casserole.   3) The lagniappe - kids eat free on Saturdays, all the combo meal prices include a soft drink,  and they have cherry coke in the soda fountain. I did not try the brisket, my honey said it was better than average but not as good as our favorite place in Coppell, TX (which is the only place I ever bother with brisket).    He would give Piggy's a solid 4* rating, but I give it a 5* because it is very rare that I find a BBQ place that I like both the meat and the sides and that doesn't break the bank. Thank you, Yelp!
We stopped here on a Sunday afternoon. It is a buffet style place featuring various types of barbecue with about 5 side dishes. They featured baby back ribs which were excellent. These ribs were very slowly cooked, lean, and just the perfect cooking balance between "wet" and "dry". They were so good that after eating a half rack, we ordered a whole rack for the road. I do not think the baby backs are offered every day, but it would be worth calling ahead to find out. The 5 or 6 side dishes included two comfort food casseroles - a broccoli and cheese casserole and a corn (with cornbread) casserole.  We preferred the broccoli  and cheese casserole. It was nicely balanced on the spices and the cheese-broccoli ratio was just right. The mainstay here is the pulled pork, but we all preferred the ribs. They offered four types of sauce in squeeze bottles at each table. These sauces sported names like "ooo-ie" and "spice-ay", which, despite the names, were quite good. The pulled pork leapt to life with very liberal doses of the sweet and spicy "ooie" sauce. There were some healthy choices (like grilled chicken salad) for people who don't know any better, like my daughters. Though they both ordered salads, I spied each of them breaking off ribs when I was away to get more napkins. I give Piggy's a 4/5, which is about the best I can do for a buffet line.  It was a fun place to eat, full of locals with Florida State kids working the counter. We got back onto I-10 East in a sleepy good mood for the rest of the trip back to Louisiana.
Piggies is marvelous! The meat falls right off the bones, all the sides are crazy delicious. Everything is fresh. And the sauces.... oh my... the sauces Best bbq place in town!
My first experience at Piggy's was their annual "Pigfest" featuring a eating contest, live music, and refillable beers, all within the comfort of the parking lot. Aside from the chaos outside, I was able to slip into the restaurant and enjoy a pulled pork sandwich. The food here is pretty good. Compared to local favorite Sonny's, I think Piggy's BBQ is better. I like their fast casual approach (think Subway, Panera), where you get your food as you travel down the line. The portions are big, as one meal is perfect even for a big eater. My service was really fast, considering it was packed because of the festival, so I cannot comment on usual service time. Over all it was a good experience and I'd be willing to return.
Piggy's has the best BBQ in Tallahassee. Now I know that's a bold claim but I've seriously yet to have a better piece of brisket anywhere in town. The 3 meat combo is honestly the only way to go - the brisket is a must-get, the ribs and pulled pork are delicious, and when available the smoked turkey is not to be missed. Don't miss the sweet potato casserole, the cheesy broccoli rice, and the corn casserole. Oh, and they have sweet tea that is actually properly sweetened - not that super-sweet garbage that most places like to serve.
This place was awesome.!!! We went to Tally from Dallas, TX to watch FSUs 1st game. so didn't know anything about this area. The reason we went to Piggy was close from our hotel. But that's was absolutely RIGHT decision...!!! We ordered Family meal of 1 lb beef brisket(extra $2) which came with 2 sides (baked beans and coleslaw) and breads (cornbread, garlic bread ans cheese biscuit). Brisket was a little salty but still tender and moisture. Baked beans was nice sweet and not too much BBQ sauce taste. Coleslaw was okay, I mean Taste nothing.. I'd like it to be a little sweeter. Cornbread was good. Not too sweet and fluffy. Garlic bread was normal. Cheese biscuit too. I can make it better than that. Lol But Overall.....  I really enjoyed this meal.!! It worth $29 for the Family meal.. I definitely come back when I go down there next time :)
Fantastic. Excellent brisket and fall off the bone ribs!  Will be back for sure next time I go through Tallahassee. I'm a huge 4 Rivers (Orlando) fan and the brisket here stands up to 4R. What a gem!
Best bbq I've tried in Tallahassee so far. The platters are pretty big so we tend to split one for 2 people. My favorite is the brisket. Tbh I can take or leave the other meats, but the brisket is amazinggg...ribs are also pretty good as is the pulled pork. I wasn't a fan of the sausage. The sides could probably be better as none have exactly wowed me, but corn bread is always good and we liked the mac n cheese too. We've had good service whenever we've come in.
Overall- Piggy's is an impressive BBQ place.  I would avoid the pigs and go straight for  the chicken and brisket with the corn nugets! For my full review, check out my blog somewhatgourmet.blogspot…
Really the only choice for real BBQ in town. But it's outstanding. Some of the best I have had. The manilizilla is da bomb. Love it. Wish they had Brunswick Stew but it's a great restaurant. Will make it a weeky or at least semi monthly stop for lunch or dinner. Good job Piggys.
My girlfriend and I were craving some BBQ and can't stand Jim and milts crap BBQ.  So we decided to venture out to the other side of Tallahassee to try piggys.  The brisket was great and u get 2 sides and good portion for only 10 bucks.  I suggest the broccoli casserole as a side. I love the fact that u get your food right away which was good because I was starving! Great concept great food!  Keep up the good work!
Best BBQ in Tally.  Don't forget the au jus for the brisket and try the potato salad.  It's fantastic.  I crave the brisket and ribs with the mustard BBQ sauce. I've seen a few comments about portions or prices.  I can honestly say that I've never left there hungry or broke, just satisfied.
I had the pulled pork with the side of asparagus.  It tasted good, but by the time I got to my table it was cold.  My co-workers had the ribs and and the pulled chicken.  They raved over the banana pudding. Worth going.  It's affordable and not pretentious.
Portion sizes are very large--consider splitting a platter with a friend, unless you're into that sort of thing.
I was really unimpressed. The meat was fine. But the sauces were watery and/or runny.
Best brisket in town, by far.  If it is your first visit, try the brisket.  The brocolli casserole is very good, for a side. The pulled pork is pretty good.  they have a Big Piggy sandwich if I am recalling the name correctly that will fill up any sized appetite. This is a locally owned, non-chain BBQ joint and that's where I want to get my BBQ!
I heard from several people that the BBQ is great at Piggy's. I was very hesitant because some of these same people sing the praises of Sonny's. But halt! The BBQ at Piggy's is fantastic. I haven't seen better brisket in Tallahassee, and the pulled pork was juicy with a nice smokey flavor. The sides could use some work. My baked beans were very bland and the fries barely look cooked. But I give them credit for having an array of options you don't normally see in Tallahassee BBQ places.
I hosted a bachelor party for my brother, originally I was going to just get sonny's but I wanted something better and better it was. We got 3 lbs of pulled pork and 4 racks of ribs. First The pork, it was amazing the best pulled pork I have ever had, it was smoky and very tasty. The ribs were great too seasoned very well and nice and tender. We also got 2 sauces with the order Spicy and sweet. Both were really good. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because when we went to place the order it was around 3 pm and I ordered a plate of food to eat there. While the sausage was good the food was cold and I wasn't impressed. I think this must have been because it was right after lunch and before dinner. bathrooms were clean staff was friendly, I would definitely recommend Piggies.
I went back for lunch today and it was fantastic.  I've been to the "big 3" Texas BBQ restaurants in Lockhart, TX (Black's, Kreutz's & Smitty's), and Piggy's brisket was superior to any of them.  I had the baked beans as a side and they were excellent, meaty and nicely spiced.  The restaurant was clean and comfortable.  I found absolutely nothing to complain about so I guess I've got to give it 5 stars.
When they first opened, they were great, but now they barely give you any food for your money.   The staff are so skimpy on the "scoop" of sides, I barely got half a scoop on either of my sides.  I won't be going back, Famous Dave's and Sonny's at least give you your money's worth.
Been here two times! And have been satisfied! Better than a couple Tallahassee BBQ I have tried. Corn nuggets were good and the pulled pork is also filling. Nice setting i love the tv's and the line in picking your food! Always filled up here and would come back again!
BBQ was great. Lots of food for a reasonable price. Had leftovers. The brisket cut like butter, the seasoning was on point. Big variety of sauce. Sweet tea is some of the best in town. Great service.
This is my second time here and im not coming back. Catchy name, good location, really like the theme in the restaurant but the bottom line is the barbecue isn't that good. Im pretty critical of barbecue but I think the majority of folks haven't really ever had great barbecue. Folks are piling in here like its the last place to eat on earth. After eating barbecue in Myron Mixons backyard, its hard to eat anything else and it be good. Change the wood you use and pull your brisket and ribs earlier. I will say the french fries were pretty bad ass!!! Reminds me of a place that used to be in birmingham called boardwalk fries. Damn I miss that place. Anyway, not going back...
The best BBQ in Tally. Love the pulled pork, beans, and their fries are absolutely amazing. They make them fresh to order. The inside has limited seating and it can cost you a pretty penny to eat there, but if you're looking for BBQ, this is the place to go.
Had lunch their today and WOW, the brisket is the best I have ever had! Super fast lunch at a great price. I'll make this a regular stop during my trips to Tally!
Great briscuit!
The loaded potato is where it's at!
BBQ was ok.  Place was a hectic zoo and the line took forever.  Then they wouldn't give me my military discount.  Kind of annoying.
We've been going to Piggy's for several years. It's great BBQ . . . a bit expensive, but worth the price. However, I recently had an unpleasant experience. I purchased 4, 4 dinner Groupons. The fine print said nothing about my being able to use only one coupon for each visit, but when I attempted to redeem the coupons to cater a dinner for 20 people, the owner told me that he wouldn't honor them, claiming that the "fine print" for the Groupon offer contradicted the fine print on the coupon. I couldn't check, since the offer expired weeks ago. He also dismissed my disappointed response by saying, "Hey, you bought those from Groupon; not from me." I've heard that Groupon is not a great experience for the merchant, but to take it out on a customer is just plain bad business practice. My advice to the owner would have been to not participate in Groupon in the first place. I wouldn't have selected his business to cater my event, but at least I would have continued to be a loyal customer. As a result of this experience, I had my event catered elsewhere and will hesitate ever returning to a local business that treats its customers so carelessly. Sorry, Piggy's.
Piggy's is a great local BBQ joint that has continued to evolve and improve since they opened. Like many others who have posted, I have to say their brisket it the best dish on the menu.  I also really enjoy the smoked sausage.  The chicken (whole pieces) and pulled pork are both very good, but not spectacular.  I'm excited to try their new baby back ribs. The sides are good also, and have improved with the change to fresh french fries instead of precooked fries that are kept warm on the buffet line. The restaurant is very clean and the workers / owners are friendly and helpful.  The family loves Piggy's, and it is my favorite local BBQ. Good job guys!
Initially I was a huge fan because it is one of the ONLY places in this restaurant deprived town where you can find decent brisket but after a few visits I became less impressed because there was no consistency in the food. My biggest issue with this place is the quantity of food that you get for the price. For close to $14 I can get a few measly slices of brisket (last time I got 3 small slices) two sides and a drink. The traditional BBQ sides like baked beans and potato salad are okay. However, I love the broccoli rice casserole and the sweet potato casserole but depending on what mood the staff is in, you may not get more than a half of scoop.  I have tried the other meats offered and they cook them way too long, the ribs are usually dry and so is the chicken. Maybe I'm used to neighborhood barbecue joints where they pile the food up but I have to say my love affair with Piggy's brisket and casseroles has come to an end. The food isn't worth the gas it takes me to drive over there.
Ick. As a Texas transplant, I was very hopeful that Piggy's would offer a little taste of home. I was sorely disappointed. The brisket was far too fatty to eat, the mac n cheese and cole slaw were flavorless, and the sweet BBQ sauce tasted as though I'd poured Karo syrup on my plate. I did appreciate their variety of sauces and quite enjoyed their vinegar one. There didn't seem to be a middle spectrum heat and flavor sauce, however. On the plus side, I really enjoyed their cornbread. If you don't know real barbeque, Piggy's might be an excellent choice. For anybody from Texas or North Carolina... I recommend scheduling a flight home.
great place for lunch! the brisket is a must if you eat here.
Absolutely the best!!  The fried okra is unequaled.
The beef brisket was very good and tasty. The pulled chicken was a tad dry but still very good, Wife had the sliced pork which she enjoyed, Our sides of mac & cheese, cornbread, and sweet potatoes were also good and not just an afterthought as in some restaurants. The staff was very friendly and polite. We will be back for more.
Pork was dry but the brisket was top notch. Servers were very patient with difficult patrons. The green beans were tasty, not greasy. Baked beans were very sweet.  Clean bathroom! Recommend if want quick takeout type food.
the food is OK. there is nothing that stands out as awesome. If i had a choice of Piggy's or Famous Dave's across the street, I would always choose famous dave's for the ribs. the flavor is better. been to piggy's to help support them but usually not the first choice when it comes to bbq.
