They get five stars because the food is delicious and fun and they're one of the few restaurants in Tallahassee that's open late. They do elevated Southern-inspired cuisine, similar to Yardbird in Miami. And I love that you can order a jar of pickles. How fun is that? The bad news is it's tiny and always super packed.
This is my favorite bar in Tallahssee. Love the cheese board, and Brie, apple and prosciutto sandwich. It is a little difficult to find a seat around 7:00, so definitely come when happy hour begins.
Great place. Gets very crowded on weekends but hang around the bar and stalk some seats and you might get lucky and nab some. or you will creep out the people you keep staring at. I got my wife and I a seat at the bar by telling a group I would buy them a shot. They were all excited and then disappeared. I am pretty sure they got a table but never let me get the shots for them. oh well. My wife and I had a really great meal at the bar, I just went down the menu and felt like we ordered everything. I could have just said, "one of each please." multiple courses I call it. Everything was great. Bartenders were attentive even though they were obviously extremely busy.
This place is a rare jem in Tallahassee. Every, single, item, is AMAZEBALLS! Jar of pickles, country board, and Reuben are especially good!
Incredible smorgasbord of food Quality drinks and lots of craft beers to choose from Small bite and big meals th en food is fantastic.  I got a board and it was awesome.
Used to go to the Velvet Lounge as it was a decent bar in the NE side of town. While going through Yelp, discovered this place, and that it replaced the VL. Wife and I decided to try it out this past weekend and really enjoyed the experience. The food was good. We had the jar of pickles, the Italian Board and the Parmesan and Truffle Frites. Everything tasted like it was made on site, until we got to the dessert. The Creme Brulee tasted very store bought - with no crunchy sugar topping. :( The cocktails were good and strong, but the drinks that are more "masculine" are served in martini glasses? Even the server said that guys complain about it frequently. There is more that I want to taste there. I am looking forward to our next visit.
Get in my bellyyyyyy!!!!! This place is fun and delicious. It has such a pleasantly intimate  environment and the food is on point, it gets really busy and packed so try and go early or later if you mind waiting, if you don't grab a drink and sit on the comfy couches and order an appetizer and wait for a table. I've been a few times and really enjoy the cheese board, the truffle parmesan fries, the chicken an dumplings, and the Reuben on a pretzel bun.
Sidecar is a great. The food is awesome and you can also order off the sushi menu from Kitcho, the restaurant in the adjacent space. The beer selection is excellent, the cocktails are good.  I love the decor and vibe here and the overall experience has always been great!
First time here and I was a little disappointed based upon the rave reviews from my son. Unfortunately, one of their coolers was inoperative so they didn't have the normal great selection of beers on tap. Food was good but that was it - it was just good, nothing special. Maybe it was just a bad night. Located in a strip mall, in the back, it seems to share space with a sushi restaurant. The decor was nice and the place fairly crowded - but it was a Friday night in Tallahassee.
Finally a place in Tallahassee worth yelping about! Went with a group of five and we all absolutely loved our food! The Reuben and pork belly sandwich are the best in town, and the caprese salad was served with a thick balsamic glaze and the freshest arugala I've ever had at a restaurant. Great music, quiet atmosphere, friendly staff and good craft beers. Definitely will be back.
I had the shrimp and grits but tried the pork belly, both were amazing. Definitely go for the country board if you're trying an appetizer or snack. The beer cocktails were also good, between the group of us we tried them all. Do not go for trivia, though, it was absolutely terrible and the service was dicey that night as well.
Just wanted to point out that they have a whole new trivia night on Sundays. Also, I kind of can't lay off their chicken and dumplings.
Love this place. Food and service is great! It's nice to have quality food late night in Tally.
Great food selection for a bar. I had the Italian board, blackberry purée Cosmo, pimm's cup & beer cocktail.  Really like the decor.  Packed on a Friday night,but great service.  Our bartender was Christina.  Highly recommended!
Worst service ever. The waitress got attitude and swore at us, forgot half of our order and over charged us by $17 for the stuff we never got. The food was good buy not worth the Hassel it was to get or the price very small servings. Food took forty minutes and the check took almost an hour. I will never be back and will discourage my friends from waisting there money here.
Excellent change from Velvet.  The place has a refreshing feel and really cool vibe.  The food is excellent for a date night.   I've been a long time customer of Kitcho and Velvet.  I really like the fact that you can order sushi while chilling on a couch at Sidecar.  Good job!!
Great cocktails and atmosphere, but the star of the show here is the food. Everything I've tried has been spectacular, and everyone I've taken here can't stop raving about it. I recommend the Country Board, Reuben, or the Brat.
Within the context of Tallahassee, this place is for sure 5 stars.  Since moving from Portland, OR, land of impeccably-curated food selections at bars, this place felt like a little slice of home- minus the pretentious hipster attitude.  Atmosphere is comfortable and laid back, and the interior, thankfully, helps you forget that this little joint is basically situated in a strip mall (like pretty much every other decent spot in tally).  Had the country board (tomato jam is bomb, cured meats are right on), the truffle frites (yum), and the reuben.  I know a lot of purists may cringe at the unconventional nature of this particular reuben, and to them I would say: shut up and just eat it.  Best sandwich I've had in Tallahassee, hands down, and lord knows I've been looking.  Alright- everybody go support this little business!
My wife and I love sushi, but I'm always underwhelmed w/ the beer selection in town.  Now that our favorite sushi joint has a great beer & cocktail menu, there are no more decisions to make!  Kitcho's/Sidecar is the only place to be.
Used to be the Velvet Lounge, next door to Kitcho.  The drinks are well-made and the new bar menu is outstanding.  Nearly everything is house-made, down to pickles and condiments, and everything I had was excellent, especially the pickle jar and the corned beef sliders on pretzel rolls.  They have a good selection of beers and it seems like they gave some thought to picking stuff that would go well with the food.  The only negative I can conjure up is the seats at the high tables, which feel like they're made out of construction debris or tractor parts or something.  After 90 minutes I needed to get my back cracked.
Nice neighborhood bar. Excellent Sidecar cocktails. Friendly staff. Will definitely return and try some of their menu items.
A unique menu, fun atmosphere, and friendly staff!  Check it out for something new and different!
Great food. The menu is a bit limited, but they serve the full Kitcho menu as well. Cocktails are made with fresh juice and are some of the best in town, reasonably priced too. Had the pickles, grilled cheese, shrimp and grits, and pork belly. All fantastic. The flavor profiles are complex and unlike anything else in Tally that I know of.
Had a butcher board, it was great...   Just wanted a whole meal.   Or cheaper options for more of an affordable selection...  Husband had the pork belly sandwich, and he said it was very, very rich.
I loved the atmosphere but the drinks were slightly pricey, if the bartender the night I went was better trained in mixology it would've been much better.
