Cannot say enough good things about this place. In a midsized city, one must take what they can get in terms of vegan dining out. This restaurant is not a dirty whole in the wall with angsty staff. It is a fine dining experience with a palatial interior and well trained staff that know how to serve properly and know their menu. It is a vegan paradise, as over half the international dishes are or can be made vegan and are clearly marked as such. We had the hummus, vegan Mac n chz, spring rolls, Ethiopian stew, and my non vegan friend had the chicken pad Thai and was very impressed. If you are new to the restaurant (they ask) you will be treated to sample shots of sorel and another drink that are excellent. The food was so good that I brought some home to my husband including the samosas, which he said were some of the best he'd ever had. Even their bathrooms look like fancy hotel bathrooms, not restaurant bathrooms, they also have a stage for entertainment (I assume on weekends) as well as this amazing royal table with throne like chairs in the middle for special parties. I want to wear a crown and have my birthday at that table next year. They have a full bar, too. As my friend and I left, the general manager kindly walked to our cars, as the parking lot was kind of dark due to a broken light. He offered, we didn't even half to ask. They serve a fantastic looking vegan brunch that we can't wait to try.
Exceptional service from server and other staff. Our table was visited by several staff, very friendly and nice, including those whom I presume to be the chefs (one who talked up their vegan brunch menu for us and the other who wanted to check on a dish that had been made vegan), manager, and a couple different servers. Food was very good, complementary bread basket hit the spot as we were starving. We got the Ethiopian Stew Platter with Chicken and sides of White Basmati Rice and Potato Trio as well as the Honey Eggplant (minus the honey) with Black Beans and Potato Trio. Both were excellent. No specials, full bar with TV in the corner, and there was live music (not overpowering so you can still talk). Wait was a little long (food is made to order) but overall a great date restaurant.
Nefetari is my favorite restaurant in Tallahassee, and one of my favorites anywhere. The crab cakes are awesome - so much crab. The Ethiopian stew is incredible. It has so much flavor, and the injera is delicious and has a wonderful flavor. I really recommend the potato trio as a side. Potatoes have never tasted so good. I've also been impressed by every dessert I've had. Service can be a little slow, but the staff is friendly and accommodating. Please give this place a shot. You won't regret it.
I had the Ethiopian stew. It was pretty darn good. Im an Ethiopian food snob, so we're not going 5 stars here.  The stew is very yummy, the injera bread approaches authentic pretty closely but it could use more Teff for that musky smell that makes for a 5-star injera. It is nice and soft with plenty of bubbles tho so it was still fun and good. The atmosphere is perfect and the staff and the excellent service they provide are flawless.
We had a great experience when we came for dinner on A Saturday night. The service was amazing and the food was spectacular. The owner came to our table and was so kind. She recommended some drinks for us and explained more about the entrees we ordered. The Ethiopian stew was delicious and had such a depth of flavors. It was definitely authentic and comparable to the other Ethiopian restaurants I have been to. I would live to try brunch as the menu seems interesting and equally as yummy. All of the food is organic and free range. It is a great place for vegans, vegetarians, and people that eat gluten free. Overall wonderful experience!
We just ended up here and I'm glad we did.  Great atmosphere and decor. The wait staff was attentive and friendly.  The timing was a bit off but there was a very large table (20+) at the same time so that can be forgiven.  The food was DELICIOUS and unique.  This is the kind of place I will go to and try something different every time. The Honey Eggplant was devine. The Jerk Chicken had the perfect kick. I look forward to coming back and tasting more!
This was our first visit here and we have nothing but great things to say. We like many restaurants in Tallahassee, but this is the first place we have really loved! We enjoyed every aspect of our dinner.  The people were friendly and helpful.  The restaurant is nicely decorated... a truly royal experience! We are vegetarian, and ordered the Ethiopian Stew Platter and the vegetarian spaghetti. Both dishes were phenomenal!  We look forward to attending the special events too! Keep in mind that dinner is served only from wednesdays through fridays.  They have Saturday and sunday brunch, which we can't wait to try.
Ethiopian Stew and Ginger drink were both amazing. Staff was very friendly and service was excellent. A definite break from the ordinary and an experience for your taste buds. The owner, Sharon, even came out to the table and explained how they use tons organic and local sourced ingredients too. One of my best dining experiences all around.
In town for FSU, needed a place for dinner. Found this place on Yelp. Drawn to it for unique vegetarian entrees and environment. Loved the drink samples of the sorrel tea and ginger brew. Had the honey eggplant with sides of basmati rice and talking spinach and my daughter had the pad thai. We loved the food and the atmosphere. They also had a guitar player for entertainment. My only complaint was the service was slow. We would eat here again.
Top notch off-the-beaten-path menu items covering several continents.  Wife happy with coconut milk chicken - me, with the Jerk Lamb.  Great decor for dates as well as casual events.  Bookshop, entertainment, full bar - and lots more.  Attentive service and congenial owners greeted our tables.  We like!
What can I say...talk about a royal dining experience! Upon my first interaction with the magnificent establishment that is Nefetaris, I immediately felt a part of the family. From constant check ups from the charismatic staff to the lovely and authentic atmosphere, Nefetaris has it all Don't get me started on the food.... The food is on a whole 'nother level. It's a beautiful combination of comfort food and fine cuisine with a stupendous presentation. My friends and I truly can't get enough. Since its grand opening I've been thinking about it and just finally managed to make it back for a second time. Needless to say, it won't be my last!
Best food in Tallahassee. Had the jerk lamb and it was to die for. Boyfriend had the honey eggplant and it was mana sent from heaven. The drinks were stupid good. The atmosphere is great and the decor is beautiful. Great service with a super friendly staff. Can't wait to come back.
What a wonderful meal the waitstaff was very friendly and courteous .the curry coconut chicken was delicious ,the pecan cheesecake was heaven and the pistachio cheesecake was my second favorite. Very relaxing atmosphere. The next time I'm in town I'm definitely stopping in for some more delicious delights!!
Came here for Mothers Day and really enjoyed myself. I had wings and waffles! Everything was delicious... I really liked the look of everything. Very good service. This food is made with love. I also had the chocolate cake which was dairy free and wonderful!!! Definitely coming back
We dined at Nefertiti's a few weeks back for supper. Nefertiti's is an upper scale multi-ethnic restaurant, which bills itself on fresh, natural ingredients and vegetarian dining options. The restaurant interior is fairly nice (if perhaps trying a bit too hard,) with a large open main dining room with a stage off a side wall. A musician was setting up for a performance as we finished our meal. Our waiter may have been new, and had to check in the back about several of the menu items. Food delivery seemed average-to-slow, considering that we were one of the few tables occupied. To start off they bring two small (shot glass size) samples (per person) of their house specialty beverages. We tried two appetizers: The Lamb Nachos and Chicken wings. The nachos were very good and lamb tasted great--even if they were difficult to eat, more of a fork affair. The Chicken wings were breaded with a lot of interesting sweet, spicy, and tangy sauce. The chicken was not of the highest quality - though large, they were not pure wings (oddly shaped pieces, protruding bones, and the like- if you eat enough chicken wings you'll know what I mean.) It was a good start. However a long wait for our entrees signaled the downturn of the evening. Our entrees arrived: My Lamb had great spice in terms of heat and flavor (may be too strong for some.) And the side dishes: (collards and another ethnic vegetable dish: Talking spinach) were quite good. The Lamb unfortunately was of much lesser quality than the nacho lamb. I would hazard it was old and had been kept it for too long. My companion's dishes were a disaster. The fish tacos did not have a good combination of flavors, sauce, or ingredients. The fishy taste was so strong I worried about the chance of becoming ill - though no one got sick. The Pad Tai was lackluster at best, and the chicken in it seemed old and off tasting as well. The most I could say is that it was edible and lacking inspiration/flavor. Small details: -You have to ask for a glass for beer. -The Lemonade was average in my opinion, but my guest said he enjoyed it. -The bathroom is clean and (hilariously) well "stocked." Nefertiti's is an interesting concept with the potential to be very good. It is held back however by an attempt to save food that has lower turnaround times MUCH too long! This business decision will prove fatal to success if they continue it. I advise going only for dishes of extreme popularity - mostly appetizers. (The appetizers deserve 3 stars, however billing as fresh while actually serving old, left out items in an effort to cut costs brings it all the way back down.)
Great food excellent atmosphere! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to go out for a special night. The atmosphere is very sexy and exotic. There's a table called the queen's table in the center of the room I think they rent it by the hour it's  definitely  eye catching.The menu was so unique lots of clean foods  and rich dishes.  From smoothies to pallet cleansing tea the menu was a refreshing change of pace. The appetizers where is specially excellent I would definitely recommend the tofu spring rolls and I'm not a vegetarian they were delectable. I would have given it 5 stars but the vegan Mac-n-cheese was not good at all (they should have a warning next to it, once input it in your mouth let's just say you'll never forget it).
Great menu selection! I had the Ethiopian stew with spinach and seasonal greens as the side. My husband got the jerk chicken with vegan Mac and cheese and black rice. My dish was delicious. I requested my tofu to be spicy and it really wasn't at all, so don't be hesitant to ask for your dish to be spicy. The same for the jerk chicken for my husband. The jerk chicken was a little chewy but it was good overall. It's a little pricey but you get huge portions. They had great wine and dessert deals because it is Wednesday ($2 samples) the dessert portions were much larger than I expected, so I'm feeling like a beached whale at the moment. The desserts were good. The chocolate truffle cake was a little too rich for us but still tasted great and I loved that it was vegan!
The food is overpriced and bland. I came hungry and left hungry.
An absolute divine experience! During our recent visit to Tallahassee for an FSU football game, a friend of mine invited my husband and I to try out this new restaurant. We were instantly blown away. The décor of the restaurant was like nothing I had ever seen. The service was impeccable. Our server was very engaging and well informed on the menu items. The meal was delicious and the presentation was flawless!!! I can't wait to visit this place again. The next time we are in Tallahassee , this will definitely be a mandatory stop.  I just hope the locals aggressively support such a classy establishment so it will stay in business for a very long time!
After eating at Nefetari's once, it has become my favorite restaurant in Tallahassee, and I'm having trouble figuring out a restaurant I like more period. Anywhere. Certainly, the claims about a royal dining experience are bold, but at nefetari's, they're backed up. The service was impeccable. The menu was tantalizing. The atmosphere was interesting and sophisticated. I had the best collard greens I've ever eaten! The food. The food was perfect. The people at Nefetari's just seem to know food. Considering the service, the food, the amount of food, and the overall experience, Nefetari's prices are truly reasonable. It boggles my mind that people would go to olive garden to spend the same amount on food when this option exists; a place with real cuisine and real culture, not to mention locally owned. How many restaurants do you know that have a real Lion!? I didn't think so... For me, If a restaurant compares to Nefetari's, it gets 5 stars.
