Great beer selection, amazing cocktails, food's awesome and all the bartenders and servers are pretty easy on the eyes. Perfect place to get dressed up and have fancy drinks OR have six PBR tall boys and see your favorite local punk band.
Quality all around. I have frequented this bar at night. Great atmosphere. Lots of live music nights. Wonderful, hand crafted drinks, friendly staff and great front porch. Their food is incredible and served until 2am! Most recently I enjoyed an excellent brunch that was delicious southern food refined. I highly recommend checking this place out at any hour, whenever their doors are open.
Now that the menu has changed a few times I felt like I should update. The sliders have consistently been my favorite menu item. Get the homemade chips with them, they are delicious. Brunch! Most importantly, they have a great Bloody Mary!  Perfect amount of spice. The food has been awesome too. The Southern Benedict (with a pimento cheese biscuit!) has been my favorite so far and the potato hash is perfectly cooked each time (Not over cooked, shriveled pieces of potato).
Liberty continues to shine above Tallahassee's other restaurants. Their food is unique, fresh and always delicious.   Signature drinks are the bomb!  The service has always been excellent.   I was very pleased when they added a weekend brunch. Their chicken  and pecan waffle, and the bacon and sweet and smokey waffles are off the chart delicious. Liberty had a vibrant atmosphere when crowded albeit loud I would suggest that a lighted street sign would make it easier to spot, especially those unfamiliar with Tallahassee.
I've been hearing about this place for the past couple of months, and I finally got around to going. Liberty made me feel like I was back home in Brooklyn. Service A+ Cocktails A+ Food A++ Had 2 cocktails. One was called Dark and Stormy (??) and the other was The Colorado Bulldog. Both were delicious. My friend and I split the goat cheese stuffed dates which were great. I got the Asparagus Entree and my friend got the Broccoli Curry. I would highly recommend trying both. Loved the atmosphere and service. The chef even came out to apologize to us for taking so long with our food... which neither of us noticed because we were too busy conversing. :P Can't wait to come back! :)
My wife and I stopped for a early dinner we liked the name and we gave it a try.  The food was a little out of our comfort zone, but very good.  Drinks were a little to strong but the waiter was quick to have the Bartender remake. The waiter was awesome. This made our top list of places to go.
Nice atmosphere friendly bartenders but sadly the "craft" cocktails were awful. Our bartender didn't properly measure the ingredients and one drink was very sweet and weak and the other tasted like water. Some signs of a good craft cocktail joint are ones where they always measure ingredients (never free pour!) and use real fruit juice (no bottled pineapple!) Given they use great liqueur and spirit ingredients they could be the best cocktail bar in tally (which would make a killing) but they need to step up their game and learn how to make a proper cocktail. Still waiting for tally to produce a real cocktail bar.
I had heard this place wasn't good but it looked so cool I had to give it a try. I don't always believe what I hear. The service was good. The waitress was attentive. I contemplated getting a drink but this is tallahassee so I believe 13 bucks for a cocktail surrounded by nofla hipsters is a little too much. I got the sausage corn dogs. There were 3 that came out and I got to pick 2 sauces. The sauces were the only redeeming part of the dish. As I bit into my first corn dog the corn part fell off as I attempted to chew my way through the casing of the sausage. I really wanted simple finger food but ended up getting more than I bargained for. I had to rip these sausages with my bare hands just so I could eat bites of them. Meh. My friend got the chicken sandwich and only and half of it and left the other half. So I guess she wasn't impressed either.
This bar is very nice and is not overly crowded. It does get loud, due to the acoustics of the place, and it's not a good place to go for serious conversation (not that people do that in bars anyhow, but just in case). The service is great and the cocktails are delicious. It's a little bit expensive, but keep in mind that they are cocktails and not just draft beer. However, speaking of draft beer, they have Shiner Ruby Redbird (summer seasonal) on tap, which makes my heart grow three sizes too big. It's also nice that there is a private parking lot. Will be back!
Went here with friends and high hopes--drink and food menus look GREAT (I love artisan cocktails). We were really looking forward to trying the place. Started off with one of the bourbon cocktails, which sounded delicious. I took two sips and determined that it tasted like pure bourbon on the rocks. I couldn't taste any of the other ingredients. I asked our server to take it back (I never do this--that's how bad the drink tasted to me!) and asked her if I could order something else. She took the drink away and warned me she would have to talk to the manager because I would probably get charged for the drink anyway (this is a $10 drink). I was a server and bartender for many years and thought that this was an odd policy, so I asked her if I could speak to the manager. He came to the table and said that because the menu provides a full description of each drink, patrons are expected to order things that they know they will like. I told him that I *do* like all of the ingredients claimed to be in the drink, but that the drink just didn't taste good. I explained to him that by refusing to comp the drink, which for all he knew could have been a mis-pour, he was alienating us and losing out on selling us several more rounds, and food, that evening--as well as losing out on future business (penny wise and pound foolish!). He dug his heels in even more, "sorry, that's our policy." I asked him to bring the drink back to the table since we would be charged for it anyway, and we managed to choke about a third of it down. End of experiment and on to something tried-and-true: We moved the party--and our money--to another mid-town bar.
So happy that this place opened. On Monday 3/31/14 I finally made my way over with two friends and was not disappointed.We sat at the bar,  I had a Moscow mule, the two others in my party had the makers drink and the Hendricks gin drink, they were all unique and spectacular which is really refreshing. The bartender was knowledgeable of the menu, and personable, he introduced himself by name which is something you don't really see in trendy places. We shared the cheese plate, the scotch eggs, corn dogs, and the duck confit Mac and cheese. All were made with care and quality ingredients. I'm so happy a place like this opened in tallahassee it was much needed.
Very nice atmosphere and the staff was great.  Nice to have a place like this where people know the drinks and recommend other things to try.   The food was also pretty good.
My husband and I made our first (but not last) trip to Liberty yesterday at 5:00 pm. It was early, so my experience my differ from someone who goes at 8pm on Saturday.  I am so close to giving Liberty 5 stars, but that would mean there is no room for improvement, which isn't quite true.  First, the things my husband and loved:   1) The drink menu is unique and deep and one look at the specialty mixed drinks will let you know that they have a REAL bartender, not just someone who can press a button and make a couple margaritas.  At the suggestion of my server I ordered the Uncommon Way which is bourbon, ginger beer and green chartreuse.  I think this is my new favorite drink.  Hubs loved the suggested beers and the Manhattan that included REAL (not maraschino) cherries. 2) The small plates (a little pricey) were yummy and again, very original.  We ordered the Duck Confit Mac n Cheese, the chips with bacon onion dip, the Bradley sausage corn dogs and the Goat cheese stuffed - bacon wrapped Medjool dates.  I think the chips and dip was my least favorite, as neither the homemade chips nor the dip (it was fresh) were unique enough to be memorable.  The dates were smoky and delicious, but smaller than other stuffed dates I've had so I think they should offer 4-5 rather than the 3 we received. The corn dogs were great although if truth be told, almost bordering on undercooked (inside batter was still runny on two of them.)  Loved the dipping sauces.  I WILL order those again as will we order the Duck confit mac n cheese.  The flavor was heavenly and I don't know any other place in town to get that taste. 3) SURPRISE item not on the menu turned out to be my favorite - Collard, Carrot and Turnip stew with Orchard Pond organic beef.  I'm not sure of the official name, but it was FABULOUS and cooked to perfection.  The collard greens, carrots and turnip roots were tender but not overcooked.  I would have liked more than on piece of beef, but the broth was a silky perfection that reminded me of a rich Guinness stout broth that I made last St. Paddy's day. 4) The icing on the visit was our friendly, informative and cute as button server, Lauren. She was super friendly and made us feel like we had been coming to Liberty for years. Definitely going to look for her next time we go back. 5) Only ONE television!  Thank goodness a place where you are actually forced to talk to your friends or other patrons.  My suggestion is to get rid of that television, but I'm a bit cranky on those, so .. eh... Now for the negative comments: 1) Too many hard surfaces make it a noisy room.  We started to sit outside, even thought it's where the smokers hang out, but it was even noisier from the North Monroe St. traffic.  The empty bandstand alerted me to the presence of live music on some occasion, and I shuddered to think how painfully loud that must make the place.   2) The entrance (inside and the courtyard area) makes you feel like you have shown up before the place has had it's grand opening.  It feels ...unfinished.  The courtyard could benefit from a bench, plants, and a water feature.  The inside walls sport two pictures.  I'm glad the effort has been put into food and drink first, so I look forward to seeing what they will do with the decor. Wish there was a 4.5 star.  Go!  Go now, so that you can say you "discovered" Liberty when it was a baby.
Service, food, drinks ALL done very well, really enjoyed it!  Will be back again for sure!  The effort is extremely apparent and our experience reflected that.  Would like to see something on the walls.  Notice the 4 star comment and the owner's response!  That is how it's done.  Why do bars/restaurants fail?  Because they don't put out the effort and energy required.  Liberty clearly does not have that problem.
Pumped that this place is open.  Great great mixed drinks.  Good beers on draft.  The food is a bit pricey, but it is VERY good.  Always fresh and lots of house made items.  If they have Scotch eggs when you are there GET THEM!  Also a great staff made up of mostly younger people.
Overall this place has potential. Atmosphere and service is top notch. A couple of minor issues though: Acoustics are almost painful, with all hard surfaces in a crowded establishment I could barely hear the person sitting next to me. Witnessed a couple of minor health code issues behind the bar. The glass of wine I ordered was about 3 maybe 3.5 ounces...it might have been worth $8 if I had received a full pour.
I think this is my first 5 star.  Truly a gem. REAL bartenders, eclectic menu, great prices and food 'til 2am. Great find and good luck to Liberty.
The food really was good.  We had the duck mac & cheese, mini Bradley sausage corn dogs, and Brussel sprouts.  Service was efficient and pleasant.  The place itself has an industrial vibe--big square room and not particularly attractive.  Noisy too but glad I tried it.  I swear Chef John Besh was seated at a neighboring table!  Or his twin.
Liberty is by far the best bar AND restaurant in Tallahassee!  We've been needing a place like this and it fits the bill perfectly.  My family and I have visited so many times now that we have tasted just about every menu item and tried lots of the house cocktails and beers.  And when I say my family, I  mean from ages 65 to 21, a wide range!  We've got some very picky eaters who are always satisfied with the fare, and there are ALWAYS vegetarian/vegan options on the menu!  The food is super fresh, local, seasonal, and gourmet without breaking the bank.  We've done full dinners with the newly added entrees, or casual snacks with the tastes or small plates and added a yummy dessert!  My current favorite entree is the lobster with crab ravioli, to die for!  There's always something new as the menu is constantly evolving.  I can't say enough good things about the food!  The drinks are also stellar.  The drink menu has been so carefully crafted that there truly is something for everyone.  My personal favorite is the Fresh Greyhound, vodka and grapefruit juice that you can tell has been freshly squeezed.  My husband is a fan of the vast craft beer selection.  And if you don't know what to have, just ask a server or bartender and they'll have a great recommendation for you.  The staff at Liberty is very friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable, they make you feel very welcome!  The owners are interested in feedback from guests, and we've seen that they have done a lot to make improvements and accommodations for folks.  One complaint is that the space gets loud.  Well yes, it is a bar and all bars get loud.  But they have worked to put in sound dampeners that are helping and improving the atmosphere.  Not like another newly opened bar in a much smaller space I went to recently and couldn't hear my husband two feet away from me!  Overall I love Liberty the way it is, but I am sure it will continue to evolve and grow in a fun and delicious direction!
