You can get raw oysters here or you can get them baked with a ridiculously awesome selection of toppings. Bacon, Parmesan, pineapple, peanut butter... you name it! It's amazing! It's also a bar, of course, and, unlike many bars in Tallahassee, they actually have a pretty good selection of beers (as well as super cheap PBR, if you prefer).  They also have picnic benches for outdoor seating, reminiscent somewhat of a German bierhaus. And the parking lot is covered in oyster shells, which is great. Come on Thursday nights for the karaoke!
Oh the epitome of a College Bar Night. This place is ridiculous, quirky, and so off beat I just didn't know what to do with myself when invited by a friend one night. We came here and met up with a few friends on a Thursday night for Karaoke. Filled with tons of drunk and yelling young adults I was right at home. It is very divey and shacky. Some good priced beers and drinks here. Must get the fries and next time I will probably try the oysters. I love how they have themes every night to get the flow going. Indoor and outdoor picnic table seating here as well. Just be yourself and talk and get along with everyone. It is a simple good time with no worries kind of place.
The burger is good ground beef but unfortunately they cook it to death.  When I pointed  out to the server that I had ordered it med rare and it was cooked brown the server agreed.  The owner then commented that they were required to overcook the burgers by law and there was nothing he could do...did not offer me my money back or a replacement that was cooked correctly.  The oysters used to be local and now they come from TX (which is true of a lot of local places since GA is taking all the water upstream). The servers do a good job.  The food is decent but I will not ever pay for a burger again that has had all the flavor cooked out.  I really would like this place to succeed as a local business but management needs an attitude adjustment,
I was looking for a spot within walking distance from my hotel, & Bird's came highly recommended.  I started with a dozen Oysters & went to a jerk grilled grouper sandwich topped with lettuce, tomato, slaw and a side of onion rings.  This place is a total dive with a bar food menu, but they can deliver!  The oysters were fresh and tasty, and my sandwich had a huge slab of grouper...tender, juicy and spiced just right!  A comebacker, no question!
As dives go this place is definitely a go to. It is a very casual college bar atmosphere with some very edible food.  A local law-enforcement officer recommended we take our group there for lunch. When the local police and firemen the consider it a regular stopping place for lunch you know it has something going for it. The burgers are huge. The chicken sand. was great and there's a big selection of craft beers on tap (and at college prices!). Def worth a repeat visit.
This place is cool.  Great oysters and fun.  Went on karaoke night and had a blast!  Will definitely return.
Alright, here's the brief synopsis: skip this place and drive down Monroe to Barnacle Bill's instead. The menu prices have been sketchily blacked out using permanent markers. It's not hard to see, however, that under the poorly drawn black circles, the price for a dozen oysters was $8. However, nowadays you go in there and you're charged $13/dozen. Given that their menus are nothing but colorful, laminated pieces of printer paper there are two plausible options: 1. they haven't redone their menus in AGES or 2. they are charging WAY more than even current inflation rates account for. Plus, if you're gonna vary your listed prices by $5, why not just list them at "market price" on your menu? I can't help but think that each server gets to make up their own price for a dozen oysters on their primitive hand written receipts and that is just not ok with me. The menu reads like an "are you smarter than a 5th grader?" challenge with lines such as, and I quote: "If you read the menu, all your questions will be answered" (which, to be sure, is false - If you want to know about oyster prices, that is NOT answered by reading the menu) "Now I know some of you have one of those real intelligent backsides, so you have to pick from OUR choices..." Under the so-labeled SANDWICHES category: "you need to understand these are sandwiches and not whole chickens" "Those little numbers at the end of the toppings are what we have to charge in order to stay in business..." and "If you have any suggestions, write them on twenty dollar bills and drop then in 'THE NOISY BOX'..." For reasons beyond me, they also have the audacity to add a dollar to to-go orders and take a dollar off if you pay cash. But the real kicker is the service. You order a dozen oysters and get ONE lemon wedge. You ask for extras? Then you're lucky enough to get a whopping TWO. Chase your server down to get your check...at 2:30 pm when you're the ONLY customers at the restaurant. But don't be rude, she was too busy eating lunch to do her job. Ugh!
Favorite burger in Tallahassee. Great vibe for the younger crowd in a kitschy dive bar. Staff is great, attentive, fun-loving. Attended Tuesday Trivia for a few years and it was always the highlight of my week!
Not a great experience. I ordered the 20 oz. Burger. It was terrible. It was not cook request and service was the same. But the fries were good.
This place is a "must do" every time we are in Tally! It is one of our sons favorite places and their burgers are the best in town. The staff is friendly and attentive - we always seem to get Sarah as our waitress and she is awesome - and very easy on the eyes as well ... This was a special night since they were showing their monthly movies. We only stayed for the first film "Road House", which was a lot of fun to watch with the Birds crowd. We got lucky this time around and managed to snag a great parking spot just around the corner. We will definitely be back - when we are back in Tally.
A very long road trip from Miami ended in Tallahassee around 9:30 pm on a Wednesday night. I was tired, hungry, and frankly, I needed a strong drink!  I know next to nothing about Tallahassee so I fired up the Yelp app on my iphone.  I initially searched for bars thinking that I would be satisfied with bar food and a night cap.  Bird's was listed first in the search results.  When I read reviews that mentioned a dive atmosphere with awesome burgers I was sold.   Parking was an issue.  The small lot was full and the nearby streets were very dark.  I didn't feel comfortable parking on a dimly light street and walking alone in a strange city at night.  After circling around the block several times I eventually scored a parking spot in the lot.  By this time is was after 10:00 and I was feeling a little weak from hunger.  I remember thinking, "Damn, this burger better be good!" Walking in to Bird's I instantly felt out of place.  I'm 30 years old and this crowd looked like they were barely old enough to drink.  It's obviously a popular location for the college-age crowd.   I grabbed a menu and walked up to the bar.  I ordered a drink and pondered the options.  At Bird's you can have any kind of burger you want.  All you have to do is decide how hungry you are and start ordering.  They have a whole mess of toppings to chose from so the options are endless.  I ordered the 10oz burger blackened with blue cheese, bacon and a fried egg.  For my side I went with the cole slaw. Let me just say I loved my burger!! The patty was juicy and perfectly seasoned.  The bacon and blue cheese were great complements to one another and I loved that the yoke of the egg was still a bit runny.  I ate every bite!  I hardly touched the cole slaw because I was way too busy stuffing my face with burger.  If I ever get the chance to drive through Tallahassee again, I will find my way to Bird's for another burger.
I had a burger with fries and an IPA on tap. The burger was excellent and the fries were hot and seasoned nicely. My burger was prepared perfectly and cooked to perfection! The staff was friendly and attentive checking on me at just the right times. Only one thing I'd ask of Bird's and that would be to clean the condiment containers! I cleaned mine while I waited for my order to arrive.. That's why I couldn't give them a perfect score!!! This place rocks so you gotta check it out!
It's been an Olivetti typewriter shop, a barbecue joint, and vacant for years. I've driven by it hundreds of times without taking much notice. There are a few picnic tables under cover in the front, but other than 'Aphrodisiac" in the name, nothing much to draw one in. But it's gotten some decent reviews, and this Fat Guy craves oysters when it's cold outside, so the Friday Night Dinner Club gave it a try. When you walk in you know you're in a dive. A REAL dive. Oil cloths on the table with the requisite nicks exposing the flannel backing, mismatched chairs (at least one has a loose seat), the original floor (from the 50's? and showing every year's wear), and college dorm room decor. If I'm going to a dive, I darned sure want it to be just like this. But decor is incidental to the food. How did that fare? Good. Damned good, in fact. Oysters. I learned to eat oysters fresh from the Chesapeake Bay, pulling them up from frigid winter water, shucking immediately, and slurping them down with horseradish and lemon. Oysters don't get any fresher. With that background I'm critical of restaurant offerings that are often luke warm and watery. Bird's offers Apalachicola dozens ice cold and delicious. I ordered a dozen as soon as I sat down. Squeeze on the lemon, a shot of generously horseradish laced sauce -- MMMMMmmmmm. They were a bit gritty, but I've come to expect that from Apalach oysters. Fat Guy 2 and his wife also ordered up dozens and were happy. My wife is NOT a raw oyster fan, but she is a burger 'expert'. She knows how she likes' em and ordered up a regular burger. This is a 10 oz. (LARGE) burger that you dress the way you like it from numerous menu offerings. Lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and mayo with never a variation. And fries on the side. I also chose a burger similarly dressed. FG 2 and wife shared one. The results? Excellent!! Big burgers are hard to get right, but Bird's kitchen hit a home run! Not a bit greasy (that coating left on lips after a bite) but not at all dry, the meat was very tasty. The "toppings" are all under the patty -- adding toppings without destroying the burger is easy (and like we did at our restaurant). The bun was nicely toasted (flattop?) and survived the entire meal without becoming soggy. Her side of fries was good -- not exceptional, but not disasters. Beer, two burgers, a dozen raw, and soft drink -- two people for under 30 bucks! A bargain, fellow diners. You can get double sized burgers, oysters topped and steamed, grouper and chicken sandwiches. The staff is freindly and efficient. Good food, great company, and cheap eats. Life is pretty good. Will we return? All 4 diners agreed this is a new regular FNDC stop. The crowd was quite diverse, getting younger as the evening went on. Don't be intimidated by the not so pretty face of the building. Go in, sit down, and enjoy a good local spot.
I have been here twice for trivia night, Tuesdays at 7:30pm and it gets packed! Last time we arrived at 6pm to reserve a table for our team. Besides kick-ass trivia, Bird's serves delicious food. There are only four things on the menu: Oysters, Burgers, Check Sandwiches (cooked to your liking), & Grouper Sandwiches all served with french fries or onion rings for $6-9. They are also a full bar. They have live bands on Thursdays and the weekend, and also feature karaoke on Wednesdays. This place has such a mixed crowd that anyone can feel comfortable here and there is no smoking allowed inside, but there is outdoor sitting.
My comment is only about lunch. Bird's gives Tally's Grille a run for their money as best burger in town! Don't even bother with the large burger;  I can't imagine eating that much meat without falling asleep on the table!  And, unless you're just starved, a half order of fries is plenty.  Their onion rings are thick and I prefer shoestring so they're not my style, but the taste is good.  Awesome grouper sandwich too! (I'm all about employees choosing the music, but twice I've been there and some real crap was playing.  Second time one of the staff actually changed it before the song ended and got a round of applause from a couple tables.  Although that took over 5 minutes to happen, at least even the staff recognized it was annoying.)
Bird's is definitely what I call a dive restaurant and it is very evident the second you walk through the door. The floor looks decades old, the chairs are ripped up, the stools don't match, the bar is covered in pictures of locals, and the decor looks like you just walked into a college boy's dorm room. That being said, I love this place. You have your choice of burger, chicken sandwich, grouper sandwich, or oysters when ordering here. The burgers are huge, juicy, and one of the best in town. The grouper is moist and full of flavor, and the raw oysters are awesome! You get to pick the type of spices you would like, and there is a list of toppings to choose from to customize your sandwich. The burger with Bird's special spices, grilled onions, grilled peppers, and blue cheese is my favorite! As a side, you can choose from fries, onion rings, and coleslaw. (The fries are amazing!) Oh, and you can add toppings to your sides as well. The fries with cheddar cheese and jalapeños are great for those extra fat days. On Tuesday nights they have trivia, Wednesday nights they have comedy, Thursday nights there is karaoke, and on Friday nights there is live music. I have only been for trivia and comedy, but both are very entertaining. Trivia is informal so don't expect fancy screens or hand held remotes to pick your answers. You are given blank cut up pieces of paper to write your answers on, while scores are kept on a laptop by the host. Comedy night can either be a hit or miss. You either get the inexperienced comedians who think they're funny, or the comedians who are actually hysterical. Either way, you're laughing your butt off. Service is always friendly and I go here often enough to be remembered by most of the employees (Trey, you rock!). However, on busy nights, expect to order at the bar and wait a little while for your order. Even when there are only two people waiting tables and my food takes a while, I don't mind hanging out here for a couple hours sipping on beers with my friends. P.S. tall boy PBR's are only two bucks! I definitely suggest you try this place if you haven't already, and it's an awesome local bar to bring your friends from out of town.
Was in Tally visiting for the FSU-Miami game on Labor Day and had heard good things about Bird's. It's a college (FSU) hangout, but the food is good. They had a live band playing on Sunday early evening, and we didn't want to pay $5 cover for that and sit inside, so they let us order at the bar and the waitress brought our food to one of the picnic tables outside. Some college kids were playing cornhole outside (game where you throw a beanbag into a wooden box with a hole)  The band sounded decent (like a funk/blues band) but it was dark inside and not any good places to sit. On Sundays they have a limited menu of only oysters, wings and sides. Because of that I couldn't try one of their burgers, which are supposed to be awesome, or their fish or chicken sandwiches - not on the Sunday menu. However, either way I was going to get my fix for Apalachicola Bay oysters, which are some of the best you can get in the United States. Apalachicola is about 45 min - 1 hr from Tallahassee, and I specifically asked if they get their oysters from there and they said yes. We got a bushel of oysters, which was I think 2 dozen and they were absolutely fantastic, and only $18 which I think is a good price for 2 dozen. I will be stopping here for oysters next time I'm in Tallahassee. Other sides we had were good: hot wings, fries and onion rings. Had to soak up some of that beer we had beforehand, you know...anyway, it's all about the oysters...mmm.
I love me some oysters. I love how cheap they are here too. Add in the fact that you can drink here as well as enjoy good, raw oyters, and this is one of my favorite places in town. My only problem with it, is that it never seems to be open!
I'm not a fan of oysters so I hadn't tried Bird's until my friends mentioned they had amazing burgers.  Gave it a shot and have been hooked ever since.  The burgers are massive and the toppings options are excellent.   My wife loves the chicken sandwich and blackened grouper sandwich as well.   It's a great value and casual setting.  Definitely give it a try.  Even with a limited menu, they are bound to have something you'll love.
Great atmosphere... Spectacular prices... Good oysters.... What more do you want? Had the grouper sandwich for $9 and loved... Onion rings were a bit overdone, but still good.   Best place I went to in TLH
This place is the bomb. I ate a bucket (3 dozen) oysters and a grouper sandwich with fries. The oysters were to die for, and the sandwich and fries were fresh and good. The selection of beers is decemt. The atmosphere is totally "shack" and the service we got was friendly and efficient. A perfect place for beer and oysters and beer with friends!
**DISCLAIMER -- I went here on a game day, so the experience may be different on other, more regular business days. ** I've been to Bird's a number of times at night and had a good time while treating it as a bar.   This past Saturday afternoon I decided to finally try one of their burgers that everyone always raves about.  Let's just say, I was unimpressed*. The Good -- The burger is huge.  I struggled to eat it all, plus it came with some pretty great fries. The Bad -- They overcooked my burger for starters.  They have a policy that they don't like to cook burgers at medium-rare or medium temperatures.  I asked for medium-rare i got something a lot closer to well done, which i think is unacceptable.   The toppings were varied, but compared to Monk's they were substantially less in number. Also a buddy of mine got a grouper sandwich, which they wouldn't fry because they don't have a lot of fryer space and don't fry on certain days.  OK, fine, but when they were explaining this to us they were very surly and standoffish, as if we were jerks for wanting to know why we couldn't have a fried grouper sandwich. Bird's has oysters which is cool, and it's not a bad bar, but after the general attitude I got from the staff, I don't think I'll be eating here again anytime soon. *Compared to Monk's which i think is consistently the best burger in town.  My opinion remains unchanged Edit 10-16-12: Vertigo burger is as good or better than Monk's
So I used to LOVE Bird's... Cheap beer, oysters, burgers and they were delicious! For burgers and beer, I would give them 4-5 stars. However, I took off two stars because of their new oyster pricing system. Their oysters were incredibly cheap (18$ for a bucket and I think 8$ or so for a dozen), but when I went, it was drastically more expensive (13$ for a dozen and 30$ for a bucket). I know market price went up, but twice the price is a bit much
This is the greatest place ever! The food is awesome. The burgers are great and the grouper is pretty smashing too! And you can't leave without an order of onion rings. Make sure to come by for Thursday karaoke nights, Tuesday trivia nights, or awesome bands on  the weekend! Not to mention the bartender is always willing to put hockey up on the screen!
A happy place. This is the kind of bar that midtown filling station wants to be when it grows up. Trivia and karaoke nights are always a good time. I don't come here on the weekends much tho; the one time I did, the band was so loud it made conversation impossible. Weeknights get a solid 5 stars. The burgers are AMAZING and the staff is super awesome.
Cheap Boca burgers in a bar that isn't trying to be trendy. Awesome. Trivia night (Tuesday) was also great when I used to go. The servers are generally very friendly and accommodating. Bring cash if you don't like being charged a card fee.
Simple. Delicious. That's the story at Bird's. Their fresh Gulf oysters are great raw or steamed, topped or plain. The cocktail sauce is decent, but if you like extra bite they're happy to hook you up with more horseradish. The burgers are fat, juicy, and crusty. The grouper sandwich is my favorite in town - flakey and ample. The chicken sandwich is nothing to write home about, but what do you want from a grilled chicken sandwich? It's pretty good. But great food aside, the best times at Bird's are on Thursday night, with a $1 draft Pabst in front of me and somebody doing a killer karaoke cover of "Ice Ice Baby" on the tiny little stage. Or maybe you like trivia or live music or comedy - they do it all. Basically, Bird's is like the local clubhouse you always wanted, but with awesome burgers, too. Do it.
Sooper dooper kick ass. Food was great, I hate oysters.. But loved theirs, service was fantastic (if your not in a hurry, but your there to hang out, not eat and bail) movie nights are a blast. Just don't be scared about close quarters, it gets packed. Awesome atmosphere. Recommended for anyone looking to grab some grub and brews.
Burgers are Juicy, delicious and HUGE! Oysters are tasty, and service is always great! A must-eat spot in Tally!
Birds has the best burgers in town and I love their oysters, but they mess up my order every single time! I have only had one burger come with both toppings I ordered- and I've been going for over a year! I love their burgers, but I'm sick of either paying for stuff I didn't receive or constantly having to ask them to fix a simple order.
Jay Pelham, the owner, and I go waaaay back!  He worked for me at both Paradise and Finni's.  He's a great guy and has put together a simple yet excellent restaurant.  Figure out what you can do well and focus on it!  He's mastered the burger and you won't be disappointed with the Grouper or the Oysters!  Service is great, it's obvious they appreciate every guest who walks in the door.  Keep up the great work, Jay and let the Orange Cat know I said hey!  Congrats!
I know if I lived in Tallahassee I would be here all the time. It's a very cool, totally unpretentious joint with reasonably priced food and beer.  Comedy night on Wednesday, karaoke on Thursday, and live music on other nights, plus, good burgers, fries and onion rings. For me, the oysters were O.K., but being from New Orleans, my standards are pretty high. I love that hey also have outdoor seating in case you wanna hang out and talk while the shows are going on inside.
I thought the burger was the best thing ever, then I tried the blackened grouper sandwich and I think that might be the best thing ever. Either way, you can't go wrong.
Very eclectic crowd and a very delicious menu.  This establishment is not only locally owned its owner operated.  You find some really talented musicians there and some nights its a Local Musician hangout which I really love!  They are my favorite extremely Casual  hangin spot-
So this place is awesome for so many reasons. The first- the burgers. Holy crap. Best burgers in town by far. The second is the nightlife aspect of Bird's. They have 1$ pbrs, cheap strong liquor drinks, and fun event nights like Thursday Karaoke! It get's super packed around party o'clock (11:30/12?), but it's so much fun to go with a group of friends and rock out on stage to an embarrassing song.
Best burgers in town! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in town. Very cheap andfull liquor bar with PBR's  for a buck!
Amazing burgers!!!  I had a fantastic blue cheese, bacon, and swiss burger.  It's a very casual shack that is dumpy chic.  Its the ideal spot to grab great burgers, local beers and cheap fresh oysters.  It has a ton of character and nice people.
I like birds, I came on a slow night and ordered a burger with sauteed mushrooms. They have the best burger in town, sorry but monks just doesn't compare. Birds may not be the best looking place but the food is great and the service is acceptable.
These guys just didn't really wow me. I had dinner here with a friend simply because of the convenience of their location (right across the street from my hotel). When I checked in and saw their 4.5 star status I was impressed. Plain and simple this is just another typical, local bar with standard bar graffiti and karaoke with the exception that they serve oysters. Their alcohol prices are decent. Being in a college town, their specials don't start til 10, unlike other cities where the specials are early on in the evening. But their wells drinks were $3 and the bartender made my drink strong. I had a chicken sandwich seasoned with lemon pepper and topped with spinach and tomato, served with a side of onion rings. My sandwich was okay, not chic-fil-a though. I couldn't really taste the lemon pepper seasoning. I also didn't care for the fact that the spinach was cooked. I was hoping for some nice fresh spinach to provide a good crunch with an extra health kick. The onion rings had a good flavor but were a little cold which was disappointing. The service was good, though and I got out of there for $15 including tip.
BLECH! I've experienced better.  This place is not any better than ZAXBY's.  It must be that little biker bar affiliation look that gives some of them folks out there that real down home feelin'. Ever check out those fellers that play their guitars over there some nights? Need to get 'em a banjo, mmmhmmm, yessir.
These guys just didn't really wow me. I had dinner here with a friend simply because of the convenience of their location (right across the street from my hotel). When I checked in and saw their 4.5 star status I was impressed. Plain and simple this is just another typical, local bar with standard bar graffiti and karaoke with the exception that they serve oysters. Their alcohol prices are decent. Being in a college town, their specials don't start til 10, unlike other cities where the specials are early on in the evening. But their wells drinks were $3 and the bartender made my drink strong. I had a chicken sandwich seasoned with lemon pepper and topped with spinach and tomato, served with a side of onion rings. My sandwich was okay, not chic-fil-a though. I couldn't really taste the lemon pepper seasoning. I also didn't care for the fact that the spinach was cooked. I was hoping for some nice fresh spinach to provide a good crunch with an extra health kick. The onion rings had a good flavor but were a little cold which was disappointing. The service was good, though and I got out of there for $15 including tip.
One of the best burgers in town.  Also, you definitely won't go home hungry.
Grouper sandwich is better than the burger (and typically I am a burger, not fish person).   Killer fries!!!
If I could give this place negative stars I would. First of all, the place is disgusting.  The salt shakers were covered in some sort of grime that would not allow them to be used. Second, when we asked the waitress for a new shaker, she ignored our request and went about flirting with some guys seated at the bar. However, this was just the beginning. When we decided to order some more food, it took well over 20 minutes for a half dozen raw oysters to come out. I could have shucked them myself in about 30 seconds. If that weren't bad enough, we had to asked for more lemons three times before she finally caved in and brought them out to us. Finally, when we walked up to the bar to settle our tab, my girlfriend overheard the waitress and kitchen staff gossiping about us. This is simple unacceptable behavior.  She needs to realize that her costumers pay her bills and keeps her employer in business. She ticks too many of us off and she looses everything.
Great food and fun atmosphere. I love their burgers, fries, onion rings, and oysters!
Hands down the best damn burger in Tallahassee. Nuff said.
Definite dive.  The food choice is pretty limited, but what they do make is pretty good.  Tried the sandwich which was good, but kinda feel that the people I was with talked up the food.
I have been a Bird's customer since day one. I love their burgers (best in town IMHO) The chicken sandwich is awesome. The onion rings are GREAT. The cole slaw is like my mom used to make. The atmosphere is perfect for frineds and family. Good luck to Birds now and in the future.
First, know that they have a limited menu. You can have a burger, grouper sandwich, chicken sandwich or oysters. The burgers are the best in Tallahassee. You can get them with a side of perfectly acceptable french fries or onion rings. The drink prices are reasonable. Tuesday night trivia can be very fun. A good local spot.
This is the best burger in Tallahassee. The fries are awesome. The service is amazing. Everyone ends up here late Thursday night for karaoke. This is a place that you want to bring your friends to have a good time and awesome food. Very 'Tallahassee'.
It's definitely a dive, don't bother to dress up.  The menu is very limited.  Burgers,chicken and grouper.  The grouper was outstanding.  The best fish sandwich I've ever eaten, and I'm a foodie.  The burgers were excellent.  And order of fries will feed two.   The place was full of bikers the night we went.  Despite it's somewhat seedy appearance, it's safe.  Definitely will go back.
Really pretty deceptively awesome. Had the grouper sandwich with swiss and jalapeños; possibly not the combination I'd chose again but there are so many options I had to pick something. It was a slow night but still well staffed so service was efficient (and very pleasant) and the food hot and fresh. I was a somewhat captive audience, staying at the Crown Plaza across the street, but was still very happy to have flown over to Bird's.
Came in last night for a bite. Had the gruper sandwich. Was perfectly Ok but the size of the fish portion was smaller than the other two times.  More roll than fish.
Burgers are delish, trivia is fun! This is the college bar you see in movies.
I'm not big on Oysters or Seafood in general but this small whole in the wall place also has amazingly huge burgers and great onion rings!
Best oysters in Tally (sorry Shell). The oysters are huge and salty and never have shell pieces in them. Burgers are also amazing here. Great beer specials, shuffleboard, and kareoke. Even though Birds replaced Wilson's BBQ, my favorite BBQ place in all of Tally, I still like it and think the food is great.
Ah! I love it!!  I'd been meaning to go here for ages, and a friend finally dragged me out one night that I didn't feel up to going out at all.  I was so glad she did!  There was a great zombie rockabilly kind of band (The Living Deads), swing dancing zombies, $1 PBR, and the most amazing veggie burgers done any way you want it that I've had in a long time.
Have played hear a few times with local musicians when I was in town in 2008. Glad to see it's still open, but not surprised since it was packed every time I played there. The food is good and the drinks are strong...what else can you ask for?
Best burgers in town!
great food and nice people. its a good location. the burger is amazing
Always awesome oysters! Super fresh and  cold raw ones, and pick your toppings for broiled ones. Cant beat $8 a dozen either. If not oyster fan try chargrilled 10oz burgers.
This place is great and affordable. Stayed at the Hotel Duval up the street and this is in easy walking distance. Had the grouper sandwich with mojo marinade, which was delish!
It should be Birds Aphro Burger Shack, cause the oysters are disgusting. The dude handed me an oyster that was sitting on a metal pan in the fridge. I would not touch it with your tongue! This is a health hazard. Oysters have to be shucked immediately. not pre shucked festering bacteria in the luke warm fridge case. but the burgers are to die for.  so I gave them 4 stars. also cause of the Great entertainment. Live music
