The old college dive bar. I loved going to this place, especially when they started including live music in their happy hour. Prices for drinks are decent and crowd watching was always a blast.
After a long couple of day's of moving my daughter into a new place, we needed to unwind with friends.  This bar is located right near campus. From what I am told everyone comes here for cheap drinks and good times.  To all the parent's visiting their students in college, this is a must go to bar. We met a large group of my daughter's friends. From the moment we arrived the bouncer banding and  checking ID's at the front entrance, he was quite cool and made me feel very comfortable.  So many students, all having a good time.  We ordered a $9 pitcher of Bud Light, bartender was very friendly.  Most of the place is outdoors.  It's old, picnic tables lined up outside, a couple of different bar's, both inside and out. It was so much fun running into students I had not seen since last   year.  From Greeks, to creeps you see it all here.  Khaki  shorts with t-shirts for guys are the norm here. Come as you are this is not the kind of place you come to dressed up.  They have cool music playing. It was a warm night, sweat pouring down but it was so much fun mingling with all the cool people.  A very nice guy offered and carried my daughter and I over two chairs since our booth had no room to sit. Cheap drinks, friendly service, this is the place to chill for some great times.  And parent's you will feel totally comfortable as everyone is welcome here. You may even get the occasional creeper who is twenty years younger than you trying to pick you up. LOL
There is nothing better on a Friday at 5pm then coming to Pot's for Happy Hour. From the relaxing outdoor tables and bars to the inside air conditioned beer pong tourneys. This place is a must. Typical college bar of course, but isn't that the beauty of it? Amazing drink specials like $4 pitchers of domestics, $3 wells or $7 liquor pitchers, $10 buckets of bud light, etc. And you run into everyone you know. I normally see about 30-40 of my friends on an average Friday. Bartenders are nice, as long as you take care of them. Overall, just a chill place to go with friends to enjoy a Very Happy Hour.
As good as it gets when it comes to nightlife around FSU!! Down to earth bar that has a very southern feel. Doesn't try to be anything it's not. Pot's is amazing! Home to many unforgettable and forgotten nights for countless classes of FSU students alike. Two-dollar-Tuesdays and 80's night ladies night on Thursdays. This place will show you a really great night again and again. You'll fall in love with Pot's and always associate it with some of the best times you ever had in college.
Frat boys and sorority girls rejoice.  Mecca. $4 pitchers, live music, you can even bring your dog.  A pretty laid back but packed to the gills college bar.  I hear this is like an FSU icon - a piece of FSU history.
A college bar. Long lines that feel like they never move. Instead they grow into the dangers of traffic. A girl that will puke in line. Several girls wearing clothes that make you think of the Pillsbury doughboy grand biscuits. But most girls look like they could strip for tuition if the law allowed strip clubs in the city. That drunk dude that says its his birthday and you must take a shot with him.Crazy loud bands and concerts that perform. Getting banded for mardi gras or st. patricks day. This bar is a college tradition. Enjoy yourself just don't forget to go to class.
A maze of beer.  Great fun atmosphere.
Greatness
