I love both Proof locations! The Tennessee Street location is mostly indoors, with a relaxed, trendy atmosphere. Upstairs has a big screen TV, bottle shop, and full bar, and downstairs is the tasting room. The two bars vary in their beer selections. Proof makes awesome beer and is always coming out with new flavors and combinations. They also have a rotating selection of outside beers, including many Florida beers. On Wednesdays, they do glass giveaways from different breweries. You get to try the beer and keep the glass, then get $1 off all taps that night. The Railroad Square location is mostly an outdoors beer garden, and they only serve beer. It is a relaxed and fun atmosphere - you feel like you're in a friend's backyard, but with great beer. They do no serve food, but they usually have food trucks outside! Both locations have friendly, extremely knowledgeable staff. I always take visiting friends and family to Proof, and it is always a hit!
Place was dead when we went there on a Monday evening.  It was in the middle of FSU and school was out, but thought there would at least be some beer nerds in there.  However and before we left, the place started to fill up more around 7PM.   It was a dark place with a lot of coaches and a lounge/coffee shop feel.  They had four of their beers on tap and the 30 other beers that had on tap were from all over the country and a nice overall selection of both styles and breweries. Nice and friendly staff and their beer store located next store was impressive - a really amazing selection of excellent beers. Would I go back? Probably not. I wasn't overly impressed not disappointed,  but not really the style or vibe I typically associate with brew pubs.
Nice atmosphere. Came to town for sisters graduation and she enjoys going here. There should definitely be an outside downstairs bar. Other then that it was a good time. The music was good and there was a great mix of ages. I would go back if ever looking for a bar in Tally!
This was my local haunt. I love craft beer and Proof had one of the better selections on tap. Every Friday I was here and it was always fun. The Wednesday Glass Giveaway was awesome. Only complaint is that the downstairs bar should focus more on serving outside too. It would be nice to walk up, grab a beer, and sit down, instead of grabbing a beer, wading through the throngs of people to get outside. But, I'm just nitpicking.
This place was good for hanging out while having a drink.  There was a big flat screen TV and music playing loud.  The parking was super small in front so definitely carpool if you can.  There was a liquor store next to it so make sure you go to the right place.  The decor was pretty simple and there were plenty of tables.  There was a pretty large couch in front of the flat screen TV.  Their drink menu was pretty long with a whole lot of different beers.  I don't remember which beer I ordered but it was a stout and for $4.  I should have drafted this review shortly after my trip.  Anyways, this place was good for drinks, but it can get packed later in the night.
In a town as fratty as Tallahassee, this is a surprisingly mellow bar on a Saturday night right after a Seminoles home game. The bartenders are knowledgeable about their beer, and the house brews (I had the IPA) were delicious. We sat in the upstairs "commons" area, but the downstairs "loungey" bar looked like GREAT atmosphere. Cheap as hell - two beers and two glasses of wine for $18. Word on the street is that they have a happy hour, and that they are looking to expand and bottle their beer for distribution around FL. My only request might be even a minimal amount of bar food, but as it is the place is fantastic. Be sure to check out the adjoining liquor store - the shopkeepers are great, but the customers even better. One girl, who MUST have just turned 21, slammed her bottle of Malibu rum on the counter so hard while checking out that I thought it was going to break in her hands. Not sure what kind of a statement you're trying to make, tough guy.
Proof is a small brewery/bar, but when I saw those pictures of growlers, as well as a fairly comprehensive list of house beers on Ratebeer and Beer Advocate, I started to get a little excited. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations. It's a perfectly pleasant place to partake. Spacious and clean, young crowd. I'd call the selection here decent, but something was missing. I was looking forward to trying the house brews, but they only had ONE on tap. Come on, if you're a brewery, even a tiny one like this, you have to have more than one of your beers on tap. As it stood, it was a competent pale ale, but the lack of other Proof beers was a bit of a letdown. Hopefully, this was a rare oversight, or me just hitting the bar on the wrong day.
Summary- I was very torn between a 3 star and 4 star rating, I enjoy myself when I'm here but the experience could definitely be improved. Definitely one of the better bars I have been to in Tallahassee; however, being the "best in town" does not make you the best. Pros- Great selection of Beer, fantastic microbrews (the house IPA is amazing), chill atmosphere, friendly clientel, a great place to meet new people and hang out with old friends, fun drink specials (Cup give-a-way's), 2 floors, 3 bars, with compatible tab system for social people, nice outside patio, nice decor, large projector screen good for sports. Cons- Parking is always full, service is not consistent (sometimes it's great, other times terrible), plastic cocktail cups, some of the furniture requires replacing.
Every Wednesday at 8pm Proof has brewers sponsor glassware giveaways!! Additionally, they're expanding their inhouse brewery all the time. These guys are doing great things in a shitty city
I'll keep this review simple. Slick, modern bar that feel warm and homey at the same time.  Great selection of beers and pretty much has something you like or would like on tap.  But another big plus is that they also accommodate non-beer fanatics with a full bar.   Bartenders are knowledgeable and down to earth. So simply put, it's an awesome bar.  Pretty popular on any night I've been. Oh, they've got a small parking lot in the front so either come early or just park at Starbucks next door (they're closed anyways, I'm sure Starbucks wouldn't mind).
We had a social gathering here and it wasn't really well suited for it. The tables only fit about 6-8 people comfortably and the atmosphere is too loud to really talk. I was told the bartender upstairs that night was unfriendly so naturally I ordered my drinks from the one downstairs. I ordered a whiskey sour and the drink I received was the color of Coke and did not taste remotely like a whiskey sour. This was after he had forgotten my order once already and had to re-take it. There were not THAT many people there that this should have been the case. Overall, it was alright, but I wouldn't recommend it.
When I first came to Tallahassee, I didn't know anyone here. Not a soul. I was building my life and social network from scratch. I live nearby Proof and would go down 2-3 times a week, just making friends and getting to know my new environment. The bartenders were (still are) extremely friendly, helpful, and accommodating in a time where I had no idea what I was doing, in life or in beer. Since that time, my tastes in beer have swelled, I am way more adventurous with beers, wines, ciders, and liquors, and I've learned a lot about brewing. I may not be able to go out much anymore due to my busy work schedule, but I still love Proof and all the friends I made this last year. 5 stars, for excellent service, amazing beers, and awesome memories.
Visited this place while on a roadtrip. Very friendly, awesome beers! Growlers! And had a shot that tasted just like pecan pie for Thanksgiving! Will definitely be back whenever we are in town again!
This place is a bro den! It's packed wall to wall, the drinks are a bit out of my price range, and I got the feeling I was being watched. The decor is super cute though, and I liked the fact that there were multiple levels and bars to visit.
There aren't many bars on Tennessee Street that I feel particularly excited about going to these days. It's been a few years, if you know what I mean. But this place is amazing. Really welcoming and comfortable setting, and amazingly friendly staff. Great prices and really good selection of beers, including great beer brewed on premises. Can't wait to go back!
Love the beer and atmosphere.  Better to get in and out before 9 unless you like popped collars and Britney Spears.  Crap shoot on service too, some bartenders would rather update their status than serve you a beer.  SMILE, it's  called customer service!
I absolutely love this bar and it's atmosphere! Where to begin, first I approve of having different selections of beer on the first floor and the downstairs bar. The selection is wonderful because there seem to always be different beers on tap each week. The staff is really nice and helpful with picking out beers to your specific taste. The prices are not bad either, generally $4-$8 with one beer usually on special for $3. Plus the bar is actually a brewery! They brew their own beers which is a refreshing change than always buying beers from across the country. Local brews are extremely good! One thing I cannot get enough of is every Wednesday they host a glassware giveaway where a brewery comes to proof and brings a few of their beers to put on tap and whoever buys them gets a free glass from the brewery! I would recommend this bar to anyone living or passing through Tallahassee!
When i go home (to crawfordville) my friends and I will drive to tally town just to come here. They have a HUGE selection of draft beers. Its possibly the cheapest craft beer pints i have seen anywhere. Its a fun college environment. Dont pass it up for some of the other places around, especially if you are into beer.
Definitely one of the best Craft Beer Bars in the country..not just my opinion but also RateBeer as they have ranked it in The Top 50 Beer Destinations in the world..pretty crazy Tally has a place like this now when you consider Natty Light is the official drink of Tally still..everything you want in a beer bar Proof has..50+ Taps that rotate quickly due to the volume they do..they get kegs that probably less than 5 other places in Florida get including many rarities from Cigar City..massive bottle selection...full liquor bar for the non beer fans...a few TV's upstairs and downstairs but not to many that it turns it into a glorified sports bar..bartenders that are friendly and know their beer..menus that are printed daily so that their tap list is always updated..beer served at correct temperature and in proper glassware and most importantly smoking is not allowed inside.Proof also started brewing their own beer last year and usually have 4 or 5 of their own on tap..these beers are better than 75 percent of the nationally known craft beers..these have been so successful that they are about to open a 10000 Square Foot Brewery/Tasting Room in another part of Tally so they will soon be canning their beers and distributing them throughout the state...Proof will definitely spoil you on their pricing as well because they sell beers for 2 or 3 dollars a pint less than a lot of other places do for the same beer and then on Wednesdays it gets even better when they do "kill the kegs" where the beers are 3 bucks a pint...also every Wednesday they do brewery glassware giveaways along with special beers from the associated brewery so if you don't like crowds get out of there before 8 because it gets packed..a few tips.....upstairs has about 30 taps but there is a downstairs bar that many miss that has 20 more taps and this is where they keep the rarities..no food served but there are many places nearby to walk to..parking is non-existant so park at Starbucks or Chick-Fil-A..keep an eye on their Facebook Page because they do many special events like last weekends Florida Brewers Tap Takeover and next weeks Pumpkin Beer Event..Proof is basically what I judge all other beer bars against when I travel around the country and most fall short in comparison..if you are a beer drinker we are very fortunate to have this place in Tally
Without a doubt the biggest and best selection of beers in town. 50 taps that can include anything your taste buds desire. Its great to see a bar right smack in the middle of a college town with such a deep tap list. On the weekends and late at night this place can be packed out, but if you're looking for a chill atomosphere be sure to check out their happy hour 5-7pm($1 off drafts, wines, liquors) any day of the week. No food available in the bar, but they allow you to bring in your own. Service is great, and staff is very knowledgeable about the beers on tap. Parking is a bit tight but you can park at the Chick-Fil-A or Starbucks next door. Also be sure to try the house brews, they're world class.
Been coming here since it opened and it is always a good time with reliable beer selections. The prices are very reasonable and for Tallahassee, this place is always a good spot since they only let in people over 21 years old so you don't have to deal with the younger students at FSU. My only issue with this place is that while it has a good selection of beer for being in Tallahassee, I feel like it could be better. Additionally, the parking is terrible. There are only about 6 spaces so you have to park at Ruby Tuesday. Other than that, I will keep coming here as long as it is around.
Good drink specials and tasty drinks. Only went there for some after dinner libations when it was relaxed and casual, but I hear it can get pretty packed and crazy in there. Can be a good thing or a bad thing. The bartender was nice knowledgeable on the huge selection of beers that they have as well. Pretty good stuff.
Awesome place. Good beers, good prices, and good atmosphere. Probably the best non-pretentious bar for beer fans in Tallahassee.
The only place in Tallahassee with the boot!  Watch out for the door Nazi as he will snatch ur boot if u Try to drink it outside!  Price was about 25 dollars for a boot and arrogant bastard ale was not the beat choice!
Great beer selection with a regular tap rotation. The prices are fair compared to what I've seen at similar places in larger cities. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a good pint. They also have a decent selection of whiskeys.
I love Proof! The ambience is just perfect, you can sit around have drinks and chat with friends, when they turn the music up you can dance and just have a great time!
My favorite bar in Tallahassee. It is modern and hip, yet casual and confortable. Fantastic beer selection, fair prices, and they list the prices of every drink they sell in the menu-- a pet peeve of mine. They have a number of televisions and a projector but it doesn't at all seem like a sports bar.
Pretty ok-to-good beer selection, big screen TVs if you're halfheartedly interested in a game that's on.  Essentially zero wine selection and a high douchebaggery quotient.
A college bar...with graduate level beer selection ...isn't there any place a seasoned guy can go for quality beers in this town?...with sports on TV of course.   25 and under only.
