This restaurant is really something. I've been there to sit at the bar for hours catching up with old friends and to celebrate special occasions in the fanciest of attire. Hanging out there feels sort of like you've been invited to a dinner party. There are ups and downs to eating here. It's tiny and sometimes theres a long wait at the door, and therefore a long wait to get your food- but I've never experienced anything but kindness and professionalism from the staff. And when you get your food you realize that you would have camped outside in a tent and waited hours, its that good. And really not that expensive compared to other places in Tallahassee. All of the staff members are very enthusiastic about the restaurant's 'cause' and will happily tell you that they buy as much food from local farms as they can, and all of their meat comes from humane sources. One of Tallahassee's best kept secrets!
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Tallahassee. Incredible food, great atmosphere, and wonderful staff. The horseradish gnocchi is best thing I've ever eaten!
The cheese plate was so good! I wish that I could write a poem about it. Four different local cheese with crostini and some clever little jams to go with it. So get one of those definitely. My entree was the eggplant/polenta dish. I appreciate it so much when a chef makes a veggie dish that is hearty and isn't just a salad. The desserts are very good. My table of four all shared the muscadine pie, blueberry and thai basil ice cream and the panna cotta. The crust on that pie would bring a tear to your Mama's eye was so buttery and flaky. The two ice creams were creamy and delicious so treat yourself to whatever the ice cream of the day is. It does get a little noisy in the place and you may have trouble hearing the server. The decor is rustic charm and light on the hipster - even with the mason jars for the iced tea.
Had dinner last evening at the MRC. Marvelous!!! A cheese and bread board proved delicious. My companions both had the meatloaf. One plain, one with a Chipotle barbecue sauce but both described as excellent. I had the grouper over a herbed risotto and it too was excellent. The menu is limited as are the business hours but I'd rather eat at an establishment which only cooks a few locally sourced items and cooks them EXTREMELY well. Service was friendly, timely and unobtrusive. What more to ask? The beer selection is very broad and was well sampled.  I can highly recommend the Midnight Oil and the Old Rasputin. If you lean to the pale ales try 400 Pound Monkey. Get there early or be prepared to wait. Regardless your arrival time the wait will be well rewarded, quite well rewarded.
I had the the Lemon Roasted Gulf Snapper, Polenta Cake, Oven Roasted Tomatoes, Herbed Lil' Moo $18-Very good My companion had the M.R.C. Meatloaf Orchard Pond Grass Fed Beef, Chipotle BBQ Sauce, Thomasville Tomme Mac'n'Cheese, Roasted Vegetables, Pickled Onions $15-the flavor in that meatloaf was unlike anything I'd ever tasted and was good.  The roasted vegetables were carrots and were a little too hard and tasteless, the mac and cheese was ok. I finished my meal with a chocolate souffle $6.  We shared this dessert and it tasted good-not too rich. Service was polite and responsive--the whole process took a little while so don't go there with expectations of getting out fast.  The atmosphere was quaint-not a lot of seating.  Go early (they open for dinner at 5pm) so they you don't have to wait. I will definitely go back
My fiancee took me here for a surprise dinner date, and she did a great job! I would have never guessed where we were going. I had never heard of the Miccosukee Root Cellar, probably because it's tucked in the southwest corner of the intersection of Miccosukee and Magnolia. The seating is kinda limited. There are small tables in the large main area, a small bar area (that seats probably about 4), and three booths (that seats about 4). The small tables can fit 3 comfortably, I would say 4 would be a bit of squeeze. This place definitely gets more busy as the night progresses, so make sure you get there early for dinner. What I liked about the menu, was that it was very creative. No simple burger and fries or steak and potatoes. They definitely have their own spin on food. I had a some sort of flounder dish on top of lentils and a oyster cream sauce. It was cooked perfectly and was quite delicious. It looks like their food vendors are mostly local farmers, which is a definite plus for me! Overall this is a definite must try! A little hard to find, but worth looking for!
Took myself out to dinner. Really. Dinner! Not a sandwich or pizza or noodles, but, dinner and boy was it delicious. The plate was lovely and my attending food expert (AKA server) was all things wonderful. A touch salty for me (a non salter) but the flavors were dancing on my seasoned palate long after my farewell. I had two glasses of wine, entree, desert and decaf. With 22% gratuity $50. Go here.
I was really excited to try out the Miccosukee Root Cellar for dinner, as I buy organic and local foods and love to support restaurants that proudly serve them. Overall, I was really disappointed with my experience there. It was quite expensive, and unfortunately, not worth anything near what we paid. Our black beans and rice turned out to be a very unimpressive, bland, watery black bean soup. The cheese plate (featuring cheeses from Sweet Grass Dairy) was delicious, but far overpriced.   The food took a while to come out, but we were okay with that. The service was a little slow, but friendly. They had a small but good local-ish beer selection, and I really liked that they served it in mason jars with handles. I wanted to love this restaurant, but there just weren't enough redeeming qualities to make up for the lackluster ones. I might try out the Root Cellar again since they've had a bit more time to hopefully get into more of a groove since my last visit.
Very small location but fun concept and love that it's local. We had the cheese plate and it was delicious! It can get loud due to the cramped tables and limited seating and sometimes they have a band. I definitely got a lot of food for the money but unfortunately when our waitress took my plate to box it up after she brought the check, we paid and left and she never brought my food so I missed out on half my meal that would've been lunch. It is pricey but so long as you eat it all or successfully take the rest to go then it's worth it! Parking can be a hassle as well as long waits if it's busy inside, but the concept and local theme of it is fun and makes you feel more part of the community.
For those verbally challenged-providing bad reviews Tapas (Spanish pronunciation: [tapas]) are a wide variety of appetizers, or snacks, in Spanish cuisine. They may be cold (such as mixed olives and cheese)  In Spain, patrons of tapas can order many different tapas and combine them to make a full meal. In some Central American countries, such snacks are known as bocas. The serving of tapas is designed to encourage conversation because people are not so focused upon eating an entire meal that is set before them. The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition copyright 2000 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Updated in 2009. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved. tapas [tæps] pl n (Cookery) a.  light snacks or appetizers, usually eaten with drinks b.  (as modifier) a tapas bar [from Spanish tapa cover, lid]
My boyfriend and I dined here on a Friday night for dinner. The menu is small and mostly appetizers with cured meats and cheeses, crudité, a couple of soups and salads. There were only two entrées when we went, but the menu changes since they serve local, season foods. I'm hoping as they get more established the entrée selection will be expanded. So for now, I'm not sure it's really a dinner spot.....more of a drinks and hor d'oeuvres place for the moment. That said, the entrée I had was quite good and a pretty decent value. It was Chicken Rillete, served with Black beans and Rice, and small Kale salad. The chicken was very yummy - moist, flavorful, and not too greasy. I could have used more than three half dollar bread slices to put it on though. The black beans and rice were pretty basic...nothing to write home about. The Kale Salad was really delcious. It had a very lemony dressing, with some grated cheese. It was reminiscent of a Ceasar salad, but the Kale was much more interesting. I had never even thought of eating it raw, but it was great! My boyfriend has the Meatloaf, served with Mac N Cheese and a small seasonal salad. I did not taste the hot items, but finished his salad of local lettuces, yellow carrot, walnuts, and watermelon radish with a balsamic vinaigrette. This salad was also delicious and had some very tasty veggies. Overall, I enjoyed the food and am interested to see how the place progresses. However, the process of paying the bill left much to be desired. In an attempt to go mostly paperless, the restaurant has equipped each server with an iPod Touch that has a little credit card reader plugged in to it. Initially I thought this was pretty nifty. But then discovered that this required the server to stand over you, run the credit card, and look while you try to type in a tip amount and sign your name. You do not get a paper copy of your bill....they request your email and send it there. Both my boyfriend and I were extremely put off by this process. Who wants to have their server hovering over them as you decide what to tip and then have them see it while still at your table? I also don't necessarily want to give out my email, and I want a paper copy of my receipt to walk out with. And if you're like me and don't have an iPhone, tablet, or similar device, it can be extremely difficult to type and sign your name on the little iTouch. I could really see this being an issue for an elderly person or someone with arthritis in their fingers. And what if you don't have e-mail? Those people do exist. So....a Three star rating from me for now.
My boyfriend and I went here last night for the first time. So glad we did! Awesome atmosphere - nice, but laid back. We shared a cheese board, got entrees (he- the meatload,, me- the brisket), and shared a creme brulee. Everything was fantastic. The portions of the entrees were perfect. Enough to fill you, but not make you feel sick and gross. Will definitely be back! Maybe on a Friday or Saturday when they have live music.
Was pretty impressed at the quality of the food in this small but quaint restaurant. I liked the staff that was kind and happy and explained how the place worked and it's attributes. It's fun but a tad expensive but knowing the money goes to local farms etc...takes the pain off the bill...our party of five did not have any complaints as we left full of healthy well prepared organic food. Come early to avoid a wait.
The only thing that I can say that is remotely a critique of this place is that the service was a little slow. My wife and I went out to the Root Cellar tonight and were very pleased with the food and the atmosphere. We started. With a "picnic basket," which is a charcuterie and cheese platter with crostini and mixed jellies served with a side of house pickled vegetables. Not only was the presentation wonderful, the flavor of all the Sweet grass dairy cheeses and the local salamis were delicious. It even had a side of tomato jelly that echoed of apple sauce. Really this is a must do. The menu is small, but I'd rather haven't a limited menu of well done courses than a large menu filled with forgettable items. I got the meatloaf and my wife got the short ribs. Both were excellent. My parents raise organic beef and I seldom find beef that is as good as what I have in the freezer. However, tonight I had meatloaf that was outstanding, which is complement I seldom give. Finished with the bay leaf creme brûlée and even though I was not sure that I had room for dessert, the silky deliciousness of this brûlée was worth the extra 1000 calories. This is a small restaurant with a great beer list, a locally produced (and there fir limited) menu and a killer atmosphere. But if you want to be in and out in under an hour, go somewhere else. However, I think it is worth remembering that food worth eating is often food that takes time to prepare. If you haven't been to Miccosukee Root Cellar make time to go soon!
Not a tapas place as described elsewhere.  Started with the picnic basket of cheese and charcuterie from Sweetgrass Dairy.   Good as always. Fantastic pickled vegetables.  Between the three of us we had the snapper, jambalaya , and the grouper special. All well presented and pretty tasty, but not life changing. . Snapper was the best by far. Great roasted tomatoes. Very good chocolate soufflé. BUT the surprise best item of the night was an incredible mint chocolate chip ice cream. Perfection. Good service. Limited first come first serve searing so come early or be prepared to wait.
Wonderful food.  Funny place ... we were told we could wait at an outside table (no table service outside) for the hour wait for an indoor table (no reservations).  When we got an inside table, we were ignored for about 20 minutes, until we notified the hostess - after getting our server to us, everything was wonderful.  Tocamos Mas (local latin band) was performing.  We had the pork chop special, honey ham board (w/ mustard & pickled veg), pound cake (amazing), both beers on draft (a chocolate/coffee stout & a lager - both great), chocolate souffle (more cakey, not really a souffle), and coffee served in handmade earthenware mugs.  It's got a great feel, We will definitely go back - the food is worth the "hiccups" in service.
I love hanging out at the Root Cellar. This restaurant has one of the best feels of anywhere in Tallahassee-- it's warm and inviting inside and makes you want to stay and hang out for a long time. Also the food is awesome. They buy more produce from local farms than any other restaurant. I know, I'm a farmer.
Incredible food Small and swanky with craft beer Local cheese and meat
Amazing. I felt good about eating the food here, knowing that it was farm-to-table. We started with the cheese and bread board, which was delicious. I ordered the ribeye steak with seasonal vegetables and skillet potatoes. It was all great. I also ordered their stout beer, which has a coffee infusion, and I found it extremely tasty. Great service, as well. I'll be back for sure!
My sister's band played there last night at 8. 4 friends and I decided to eat dinner there and then enjoy the show. Got there at 7. Tracked down the guy with the list. Waited an hour and a half - no offers of drinks, nothing - and they finally put in a booth where we couldn't see the band. No water, no drinks. Employees kept walking past and looking at us without approaching to see if we would like to begin ordering. Half an hour later we bailed and went somewhere we could get actual service. I get it, last night was packed. They'd just been reviewed in the paper, and Tally folks do love to rush a restaurant they've just heard about. But the service there was beyond the pale. Four employees were running around like they'd never heard of waiting tables or how to do it. I do not know which one was a waitress, which a bartender, or which one was a host. The owner approached my parents, who were sitting at the bar, and asked if he needed anything and then turned and walked away as my dad was saying yes. Great concept, but maybe they should have learned how to run a restaurant before attempting to do so. I would have liked to have tried the food, but now I have no interest in going back.
I have eaten at MRC twice now and both times I had a great eating experience.  The menu is creative and thougthfuland the house-made items are bountiful. On my last visit, I had a cheese and charcuterie plate which included three delicious cheeses and three localy cured meats along with an incredibly dense corn bread, house-pickled veggies, two different mustards and a handful of crustinis.   That and a salad and galss of wine made the perfect dinner.  I will go to MRC again and again.
My friends and I stopped by last night for the first time after a recommendation from a friend.  Great atmosphere, beer was priced reasonable, and cheese plate and tomato salad was delicious.  The only suggestion would be to go with a more traditional credit card machine.  While the Apple application is all the rage with portable merchants, and yes its cheaper for the merchants, it is quite the hassle for the customer.  It's obtrusive to have your server stand over you while you are tipping them for their service.  Number 1 you feel rushed, and number 2.  there is no place to do the math.  This is a minor hiccup and only a suggestion from an already happy and returning customer. Cheers!
Excellent assortment of beers, nice snacks, and servers that are as friendly as they are earnest (which is to say "very").  I've not had a full meal here but it's a great place for a few drinks after work.  Probably my only knock is the booths, which might have been designed by Elliot and Beverly Mantle, several inches too tall so the edge of the seat creases your hamstrings just so.  Let's just say they don't encourage loitering.
Really good food. None of the pretentiousness that sometimes mars locavore restaurants. Small but spot-on beer selection, equally good wine selection.  All in all this is the best restaurant I have eaten in anywhere in Tallahassee.
Fantastic place for dinner!  Farm to table style. Flatbread appetizer was awesome!  Had the grouper with rissotto. Friends had jambalaya and short ribs.  All excellent!   If you want good, clean food with fun atmosphere, this is the place. Can't wait to go back.
Hey... nice atmosphere.  But wait a second, why did I give this place 1 star?  Um, well, I've eaten at all of the nicer local restaurants, as well as those featuring food from local sources, but this was unfortunately the biggest ripoff I've had in ages.  So what did I eat?  Enough for a mouse.  We got the "pick three"- this gives one the option of tasting different cheeses, cured meats and nuts.  We have had similar choice boards at places like Liam's in Thomasville- but when I pay $9 for a tasting board, I expect more than a tiny bite of each food per person.  At Liam's for the same price, one would have a larger selection of cheeses including the cheeses provided at MRC, but get at least three times as much.  And yes, I know it's local- the cheeses come from Sweet Grass Dairy in Thomasville, which I purchase, and know the price of... for $9 I could have gotten an entire wheel of brie instead of less than an ounce.  We also got the truffle cured meat, which was delicious, but again, less than an ounce.  Three teensy slices of pickles and three pieces of half-dollar sized bread.  We ordered more food (including more appetizers, which never arrived) but after waiting for about an hour to get the mouse plate, we requested our cheque early and departed to find another place to eat.  I was seated in a place where I could see the food other people got, which consisted mostly of large bowls of black beans (can't think of a local black bean farm...) and very small main courses (chicken came in what looked like a baby food jar and meat loaf was a pretty meager serving).  If you're looking for locally sourced meats, cheeses and vegetables, I would recommend going farm fresh and cooking it yourself.  We don't mind splurging on a nice meal but this felt like a complete waste.  Oh, and I agree that the card swiper payment process was just weird.  I don't like telling a waitress how much I want to tip, and she seemed annoyed that I didn't automatically know how to use the device.
Absolutely outstanding!  I brought in a party of 15 and the food AND service was amazing.  This is doubly amazing because they have a one man kitchen!  We started with the freshly baked bread and herbed butter and a couple of the cheese boards.  You cannot go wrong with Sweet Grass Dairy cheeses.  They also included some jams and honey pecans which added a touch of sweetness when paired with the cheese.  Devine.  Everyone who ordered the fennel soup of the day, said it was delicious.  I got the brisket special.  The flavor was amazing and the beef so tender.  Others ordered the snapper, flatbreads or the shrimp & sausage with grits.  I think just about everyone was a member of the "clean plate club" that night.  Everyone raved about what they ordered.   An off the beaten path wine and beer selection just adds to the eclectic feel of the place + great ambiance.  Thank you for giving Tallahassee another local, non-chain option!
Wonderful food and beer/wine selection. Get there early on the weekends though. It's a tiny place and we waited about 30-40 min for a table at 7:30pm. Great music By the Apalachee Trio too! We will be back!!
For all of the right-wing conservatives that are in this town and make me shudder, I love that Tallahassee has a solid locavore, farm-to-table, hippie sort of demographic too.  Miccosukee Root Cellar is part of that.  This is a great place.  Wonderful romantic ambience, live music, and the food is great.  Meat and cheese boards are awesome, salads fresh and crisp, and most of the dinners and desserts I've had are delicious.  Snapper with lemon buerre blanc was particularly swell.  Wasn't nuts about their short ribs because I thought they were a little too fatty and the sauce a little too vinegary.  But it certainly wasn't bad.  Their chocolate souffle, which I've had twice, was superb one time, and not as superb the next time (seemed like it had been made in the microwave - probably because it was Valentine's Day and they were slammed).  Their (craft) beer is always excellent, especially the Swamphead Brewery (Gainesville) Midnight Oil, which they have on tap.  Tastes like coffee and is great with dessert.
This place is great. It is unassuming, but with great service, and awesome fresh food.  It gets a little loud. I will be back next time I am in town.
Some weirdos don't like it but they are so weird it shouldn't play into your decision about where to eat.
