I was in desperate need of a facial (those annoying milia!) and was going to be in town for LarkFest so I booked an appointment with Katerina figuring that I'll see what kind of facials are available at Spa Virgo. I was completely happy with my facial.  Katerina knew exactly how to extract milia without leaving even temporarily disfiguring marks.  She discussed alternative products (some are milder to the skin; some have a fragrance I might find more pleasing which is also an important part of the facial experience) before selecting the ones she used.  She also instructed me on how to care for my skin to minimize the return of the milia and to keep my skin healthy and glowing.  She did this without selling me any products!  I actually would have preferred to buy some from her (I have to buy them somewhere!) but it was nice to have such a wonderful, relaxing and effective treatment without being given a hard sell. If you are looking for a high-tech, space-age spa, this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for a warm, nurturing environment and a good, healing facial, make an appointment now.
Ack. Sooo I'm breaking my self-imposed Albany review ban, and it's going to be a negative one, unfortunately. Since my son was born 10 months ago, I've only left him four times, all with my husband or (fabulous!) neighbor, and all four times for haircuts. I consider haircuts to be maintenance, not pampering FWIW. After some strong-arming from my husband, I decided to finally, finally get a babysitter and take a few hours to get some quiet time. I was about 10 minutes early and when I walked in there was no receptionist in the downstairs area. I heard voices coming from upstairs but no one came down so I sat and waited. Now I knew from the reviews not to expect a luxury spa experience, and that was fine with me. However, I was really not prepared for how shabby the "spa" area was.  It was a warm day and I took a look around to see if there was water or tea, but didn't see anything, which I found rather odd. Now I don't need to be served cucumber spring water by over-exfoliated Ukrainian supermodels, but refreshments in a spa are generally pretty standard. At exactly 12:00, the massage therapist, Jonathan, came buzzing in and hurriedly explained that he had to go move his car. No problem, he was apologetic, and these things sometimes happen. I did wonder however, whether his was one of the voices that I had been hearing upstairs for the past 10 minutes, and if so, why he hadn't used that time to move his car instead of infringing on my appointment time. What if this was a lunchtime massage and I needed to get back to work? I did have a babysitter on the clock, after all. I filled out my intake form when he returned and we discussed some discomfort I've been having in my mid back, shoulders and neck from breastfeeding an increasingly large and squirmy baby. Once I was undressed and on the table, I realized how thirsty I was, but didn't want to interrupt to ask for water. But really, it should have been offered to me already. Now please bear in mind that what I really came for was a great massage, and had been looking forward to it since last week, so all would have been forgiven if I felt that I got that. Unfortunately, the massage wasn't great. I didn't feel he paid any special attention to the areas we had discussed. He did check in once at the very beginning to see if the pressure was ok, but that was really it.  I have had my share of professional masages over the years. I didn't find his touch particularly soothing or therapeutic, and to be honest, I found his technique to be rather sloppy. So much so, that in the middle I started to miss my DH's backrubs. Now the real kicker is that when I was in the room I checked the time right before he came in and it was 12:25. The massage ended at 1:15. I checked the website when I got home, because I had almost convinced myself that maybe their massages were 50 minutes long, but no, they're listed at 60 minutes. So I was shorted 10 minutes. Not cool. At all. I really should have said something at the time, and it's something that I'm trying to work on, but for me at least, there are always two things standing in the way. The first is that I spent far, far too long in the service industry, so I tend to over-identify with people who are providing me a service, and I am loathe to feel that I'm hurting anyone's feelings. The second is that I am a cerebral type, and I sometimes need to mull things over before I draw conclusions. (Possibly my lawyer-brain at work). When I woke up this morning I realized how unhappy I was about the whole experience. I feel a little gypped (and angry at myself for tipping 20% anyway despite my misgivings, particularly since the massage ran a full 10 minutes short) and a little disappointed that my first real pampering time in 10 months was so lackluster. Gypped and disappointed isn't really how one wants to feel after a spa experience. The prices here are somewhat less expensive than other spas, but sometimes you really do get what you pay for. Although cost wasn't really on my radar when I booked (I relied on the positive Yelp reviews instead), I have to say that I would have preferred to spend more money for higher quality service. Sorry to say that I won't be back. I really did want to love it.
I had a waxing session with Dana. I recommend this salon for the value of the service for the price. The waxing room is indeed just one room, though tastefully decorated. Dana used good quality and appropriate wax for the job. She wore gloves, threw away used strips immediately, and had a good touch. She gave me the best wax I have had in Albany. I rebooked immediately.   I knock off a star because this is a small place, and I think it's a little bit of a stretch to call it a spa. Compared to Jean Paul or Complexions, it's definitely not a spa. That said, the price was very reasonable and the quality of the service is high.
I'm a fan of businesses that somehow represent the city where they are located.  Spa Virgo does exactly that.  Located on Lark St in an older building, this isn't your standard, sterile, franchise spa.  This is an independent business that does a great job and fits well into the City of Albany. I've had massages from three different MTs and intend to explore their other services as time and money allow.  I have no complaints with the MTs and the massages that I've gotten are phenomenal.  Now that I've found my preferred therapist, I probably won't stray, but everyone at the Spa is excellent. There's a lot of friendliness and informality at Spa Virgo, which is characteristic of Albany and something that keeps me coming back.  Every person I've encountered there, whether I had previously met them or not, made me feel completely welcome and comfortable.
I went here Saturday for a Swedish Massage and Oh My God!  It was an absolutely wonderful 1st time experience.  I was "Over the Moon" I can't say enough good things about my MT.  Kerry is very gentle, kind, caring. My massage was a Soltice present from my niece, who is also a client of this spa. I find the prices to be moderate but reasonable and this place could easily become my once a month treat.   There is street parking but you need to get here early to find a spot or have somebody drop you off and pick you up.  I would recommend taking a bus that will drop you off as close to Lark as you can get and walk there. Believe me, It's worth it.
I've gotten two full-body waxes from Dana now, and both times it's been a really nice experience (well, as nice as having one's hairs yanked out can be).  She's professional but not cold, uses a variety of tools and waxes to make sure that the job is done well and with the least discomfort, and has a great space in which to do her work.  She's efficient, focused, and friendly.  She lets you decide whether or not you'd like to talk, and whether or not you're talking, the pace at which she works remains fast.  She's very easy to work with and wants to make your experience and outcome the best possible.
Made a last minute choose to get a massage. Back was tight and I was stressed from a bad day. Called a couple of other places 1st and their masseuse had already gone home for the day at 4:30 and 4:45pm. Talk about not being dedicated. So I then called Spa Virgo because yelp listed them as close by and the reviews looked good. I spoke with Jonathan and he was willing to take me in as a walk-in at 5:15pm. So I drove over and went in. The place is a converted old Townhouse which seems to be common for this area of Albany NY. Being from L.A. and D.C. are I am use to more open facilities but the place did have a relaxing feel. Jon asked me to fill out a form and chatted with me to see what I was looking for. Told him lower back and legs from knees down focus on feet. Went into the room and got undressed and on the table. I did notice the sheet did have a stain but I smelled the sheets and they smelled clean and felt fresh so I laid down. Jon came in and began the treatment. I found it very relaxing and enjoyable. for the first half of the treatment he and I where both stone quite. I was ok with that because I was tired and found myself dozing off. Then I flipped over and Jon continued with my neck and shoulders. He did a very nice job. We began to talk after he noticed I winced in a little pain at some sore spots. Then the treatment was finished I got dressed and headed out for dinner. felling much better and in a better mood. Pros- No Appt Walk-in, Friendly staff, avg price, good service, close by, nice music playing during treatment. Cons- Mentioned feet need focus but felt only got basic work done, stain on sheet, parking is tough on Lark . BilldogPoker on Facebook. Billdog
I have been going to Dana for brazilians for almost a year now, because she is incredibly good at what she does. The process is quick, efficient, and relatively painless (I mean it is a brazilian...). She uses a variety of waxes appropriate for the areas, and is more than willing to explain her process as she goes. The waxing room is one room, but it is private, relaxing, and cozy. The prices are excellent as well; I've had much more expensive waxes, with none worth the amount I spent comparatively. I have recommended a couple friends to her and would highly suggest this place to anyone looking for a very high quality wax.
I've walked by this place several times as I walk my dog. But finally took the plunge and set up a 30 minute massage here with Daphney today. She was phenomenal and honestly gave me one of the better massages I've had before. If you are in need of a quick massage fix, and you live in the area, I would recommend trying out Spa Virgo. It doesn't meet up to the standards of let's say an Aveda Salon, however, it also doesn't meet up with their prices either! Spa Virgo has an eclectic decor but in the end I got what I needed and I couldn't ask for more.
For anyone looking for a great wax, I HIGHLY recommend Dana. She is fast, friendly, and thorough. I go to her regularly now for a brazilian and leg wax based on the recommendations I read here, and she is awesome! She's no longer at Spa Virgo, though. She's now at BARE at 255 Lark Street: skinbybare.com. Make an appointment with her - you will not be disappointed!
DO NOT GO TO DEBRA FOR A BRAZILIAN.   I recently moved to Albany, so I went here based on the reviews.  Maybe I should have clarified that I wanted an appointment with Dana, because I got Debra.  The entire experience was terrible.  She warned me that she normally only does bikinis, but that she had done several Brazilians and it just might take her a little longer.  Given that I want to get home for the holidays tonight, I decided to go through with the appointment.  Bad idea. She put way to much wax on at a time and used large (body size) strips, instead of the normal bikini/Brazilian size ones.  She went over one area 6 (six!!) times.  Then, she covered the entire area with hard wax.  You would think that she would test it on a small area to be sure that  (a) it will work with my hair and (b) would come off.  But no, she covered the entire region, and then realized that she COULDN'T GET IT OFF.  She had to put hot wax OVER the hard wax to tear it off me.  Even then, she couldn't get it all and she sent me home with little beads of wax all over.  Finally, after more than 30 minutes, she decided that she couldn't continue.  (The only reason I let it go on that long was because I wanted her to get the wax off of me.)  The entire time, she was huffing and puffing (clearly very frustrated).  She couldn't even remain calm or try to reassure me that she knew what she was doing. She obviously didn't charge me, and she apologized profusely, but that didn't change the fact that I had to come home and use SCISSORS AND A RAZOR to get this wax off of me. EDIT:  I've gotten brazilians before, so I realize how much they should hurt.  And I have 5 tattoos, none of which hurt so bad.  Even my IUD insertion didn't touch the kind of pain that woman inflicted.
Have used dana's esthetician services a few times and am very happy, the place is very clean and tasteful and generally high quality service
Waxing by Dana- the music was relaxing, the set up was beyond clean and professional, and if it weren't for the actual waxing I'd say it was painless. This is definitely your go to location in Albany!
I've tried waxing at several places in the region, but always end up going back to Dana!  She's a real professional and honestly does the quickest and most painless (as possible) waxing.  Other places can leave you red, blistered or bleeding...but I've never experienced those with Dana's work...she uses different types of waxes for different regions which helps a lot.  She's also works pretty fast - so you can be in and out in jiffy, but don't have to compromise on quality.  She also goes the extra mile to make sure everything is done perfectly, and she's super friendly which helps!  This is the place to go for waxing!
Got a great eyebrow wax by Dana. Will definitely be back for more waxing services and likely try some facials and/or chemical peels in the future!
Had a brazilian done by Dana recently, and she knows what she's doing! I've gotten many before at different salons in the area, but Dana does a great and FAST job. She knows you want it over with, and she doesn't waste time. Nice little salon, and very clean. I wouldn't call it fancy, but it's a really nice place with high quality services. I gave 4 not 5 because the website has different prices listed than what they really are(says $50 for brazilian on website, and as first time customer Dana gives a discount so it was $50, but the pamphlet I left with has them listed as a little more, but WAY less than Kimberlys or Jean Paul), but they also offer a variety of waxing that isn't listed on the website. Not just Brazilian or bikini, but a few different types of Brazilians or other bikini waxes. I'm a student nearby and it is so easy to get to! Definitely going back!!
