It was the perfect Fall day in Tallahassee, Florida and we took advantage of it by visiting the Maclay Gardens for an easy, afternoon stroll with our grandma. We may not have utilized the other recreational activities available, such as the bike trail, or the picnic and swimming areas, but their availability is greatly appreciated. Perhaps we can partake in these activities the next time we visit Tallahassee. The "Gardens" itself is by no means large and one can stroll its entirety in approximately an hour. But add to that a relaxing moment at the pavilion right by the lake, or a picnic on a blanket in the field by the estate house, or read a book with your feet in the reflection pool, and you extend your relaxation time significantly. This would also be a great place for a photo shoot. There is a $6 admission per vehicle, and there was a park employee in the booth when we visited. Not sure if the honor system is no longer in use, or if we just got lucky. I would suggest having an exact change for $6 if you really don't want to be disappointed by a possible lack of change being returned to you.
Consistently a treat for the senses to be able to walk on the paths and sit on the benches taking in the meticulously maintained, picturesque array of varied vegetation all at our own pace. The recent rains have given the entire park a brighter and more vibrant hue of green.
The most magical, spectacular and beautiful trail and garden I've ever seen in Florida. I've never seen so many butterflies flying around! When I walked through the first gates to get to the main path, canopied under Spanish moss trees, the site literally took my breath away. I was giddy to walk down the never ending path of these drapey trees to explore more. There are little benches and sitting areas nestled along the path for you to take in the views. I thought this park couldn't get better until I got to the secret garden - it is absolutely picturesque and peaceful. Although there were (very few) people walking around the trail, everyone seemed to respect the quietness and peacefulness of the nature. The garden is meticulously well kept, and makes you feel like you're inside the set of a garden magazine. If you go a little further, there's a trail that's more woodsy - also a great trail to walk through.
What a wonderful stop!  It's not a big garden but has many areas to just enjoy the scenery and flowers. The garden flowers are winter blooms and opens on the 1st of the year. We were there on 1 Jan 14. It was raining but we still enjoyed the tour of the house, the reflection pool and garden. It's worth the admission if you are in the area or driving through.
Amazingly diverse for anyone and everyone. This state park is the highest rated in Florida. Miles of beautiful trails, gardens, lakes for swimming, and equestrians. I went biking on a Monday and hardly saw another soul. However, I did see more wildlife than I expected: deer, raccoons, salamanders, and lots of lizards and squirrel. I'm sure the gardens are much more beautiful during the blooming season but it was still very peaceful and lots of different types of trees to check out in a condensed area. You can rent a bike on Thomasville Rd at the Great Bicycle Shop for about $25 a day and ride it the 2 miles to the park entrance. The ranger will give you a trailhead map to return when you're done for the day (closes at sunset). It makes a really exciting and physically adventurous half or whole day (if swimming) trip.
Now my rating is low compared to others and that might be because I went at the wrong time of the year. Their website listed the best time to go is April and May to see the flowers so when I arrived late in late June there were basically no flowering plants. Pretty disappointing and made the experience just average. Very clean and very friendly staff. It was nice for a park, I wish they had some sort of canoe or kayak rental or perhaps better maps of the park and where to go. Cool wildlife though, saw a nice hawk flying low and a few other neat birds. If you go, really try to go during their peak months. Maybe if I had this park would get a fifth star.
1. Less than a mile from Highway 10 exit 203 North. 2. Clean Facilities 3. Beautiful Lake and Gardens
Really nice park. Good bike trails, not exceptionally strenuous. I did both main loops, a nice workout. A+++
