I had the most amazing facial with Shannon today. I was not surprised to see other glowing reviews about her. She was professional, knowledgeable, and so sweet. My face feels brand new! She taught me a lot about products that would work for me without pushing anything on me. Even though I had a Groupon, I was treated like a full paying customer and then some. Thank you Shannon!!
This review is for Shannon. Shannon did my bridal party and my wedding makeup in August 2013. Shannon was a rockstar. She showed up early, was super flexible (the photographer kept insisting she relocate to take better pictures), and made everyone look fabulous. Most people commented on how I looked "glowing, " which I assure you was the magic of Shannon's artistry because I was sleep deprived, stressed and anxious. She did a great job of having people look like better versions of themselves--that looked  amazing both in real life and on camera.
This place rocks! Love Kristen. She makes getting a haircut a fun experience, and not a chore. Looking forward to trying a massage soon.
I needed a haircut desperately and made an appointment at Shelley's.  I had an appointment with Christy for a wash, cut and style.  The head massage was wonderful and she made me feel very relaxed in the chair.  I am not much of a small-talker so I usually don't like haircuts, manicures, pedicures, etc because I just prefer to sit their silently.  She asked me questions about how I wanted my hair but she didn't pressure me to make small talk. We did a bit because I felt comfortable with her but I think she knew I was kind of introverted.  I wanted a long bob and it came out great. She made sure everything was perfect and styled my hair exactly how I wanted it.  I also bought in rollers to see if she could help me put them in (I have thick hair and they always fall out) and she showed me how to do a few.  Overall the experience was wonderful and I will be coming back when I need a trim and maybe some blonde highlights!
I bought a groupon for a mini spa day based on the great reviews on yelp.  The groupon was for a gel manicure, a 30 minute massage, and a mini facial (so w/o massage).  The gel manicure nails looked ok, but when she was done, there was polish on my cuticles and skin, and in trying to remove it, I ended up peeling portions of the polish off my nails!  The massage was relaxing, but it was suppose to be 30 minutes and it was only 20.  I know, because I always keep track of massage time since some places (like this one) try to skimp on the time.  And finally, the facial, which was the best part and my first facial taught me a very good lesson.  Don't get a facial!  hahaha  My skin is worse now than it was when I went in.  Now I have bumps all over my face where previously was smooth skin.  Good thing the groupon was only $65.  never again.
I have been a client at Shelley Salon for about two years, when my stylist moved here. I love it. My hair cuts always look wonderful. About a year ago, I began coloring my hair for the first time. Kelsey, my stylist, takes so much time to make sure the color looks perfect. On multiple occasions, she has stayed after closing with me to get my color right.  She is wonderful and has never made me feel guilty about taking up hours of her time.  Shelley, the owner, is always around to offer advice and her opinion.  It is clear that she values her customers and takes her job very seriously.  Shelley has stayed late, too, even though she wasn't doing my hair - she just wanted to make sure it looked great.  No one pushes unneeded product on me or pressures me to make changes I don't want. This is a wonderful place.
Everyone seems to love this place and I don't want to be the bearer of bad news but  let me start off by saying I'm used to going to very high-end salons.  My mother purchased a massage package from here off of living social at a discounted rate.  She loved it and thought everyone working in the salon looked (as she would say, "hip") and knew what they were doing.  Keep in mind, my mother used to own a salon of her own.  She suggested I get my roots done there instead of Kimberley's or Shapes and Colours where I usually went.  She figured it was just my roots and I would be saving myself some money.  I wearily agreed because I am a PEST about my hair.  The day of my appointment comes and we arrive at the salon.   The atmosphere in the waiting room was very friendly, my mom was chatting with a few ladies and then even ran into someone she knew.  It took about 20 minutes for me to get called back to the chair.  I explained to her I just wanted my roots matched with my ends.  She applied the color very differently then normally applied by my usual hair stylists.  After she applied all the color she told me it should just be a while.  I sat there for a while and she did not ONCE come back to check on how the color was turning out.  I was very skeptical to that because I've been having my roots done for about 3 years now and I never had someone not check the color.  She washed it out and it seemed to match fine which I was happy about.  But now onto the haircut.  I asked for a trim and my layers to be touched up.  I also was debating on long side bangs.  Once again, she used a technique very different then how my layers are usually cut.  Now I can't see any type of layers in my hair other then the squared side bangs she cut on me.  I specifically explained I wanted them so they could reach behind my ear because I didn't like my hair in my face.  They were cut so short and square that I can barely put them behind my ear. Yesterday, I got an updo done at Townsend and Company and the girl who was doing it even noticed and said whoever cut my bangs last cut them too square and too short.  She also held my hair up to show me my roots did not match!  The roots are more of a yellow then my ends.  Besides the haircut, all the girls were very friendly and everyone else seemed to be happy with their hair.  Maybe I just went in on an off day.  Regardless, I won't be back.  I'm glad everyone else seems to like it though, it may be worth a shot to some.
I love going here...I trust Shelley. Shannon is a lovely esthetician...all the staff is friendly and competent. No pressure sales but quality products. You get what you pay for. Client since @ 2006 ish.
