I really have nothing bad to say about this place. I LOVE their hotdogs piled with crazy stuff - potato chip crumbles and pineapple? YEA BABY! May be the epitome of trashy foods to some, but oh god it's tasty. I love the Columbian rap and hip hop they always have playing (not too loud). Sets an interesting mood, and sometimes you get some funny English thrown in there which is amusing. Can be a little annoying to actually get to if you're not going south on Ocala though, if the traffic's bad.
Driven by many times but was put off by the somewhat garish appearance of the building and location. A friend posted he liked the place so I tried it out. Good idea. Pros - Our waiter was super attentive, helpful, and polite. Outdoor seating with table service. Had the Carne a la Plancha - Meat and rice great, salad good, bean side was a bit canned tasting. Funny Colombian sodas. Cons - On busy intersection (if you sit outside). Lots of interesting hot dogs and hamburgers on the menu, though didn't have them. Also a cheap bucket of beer deal. I want to go back and try a bunch more things.
I came here on a random Thursday night with some friends. I dont normally go out on Thursdays because I work early Friday mornings but we went early enough. FIrst thing I saw when we were walking in was a sign that read "5 BEERS FOR $3.95". UM HELLO?! I was sitting in a booth faster than anyone could smile. I wasnt that hungry so we ordered a pitcher of PBR and my friend ordered the Super Perro and we split it. This hot dog was amazing. It was like nothing I would have ever thought to create ever. It had crunched up potato chips, pineapple sauce, mozzarella cheese, and some other special sauces. It was so yummy we almost ordered another but that PBR filled us up. Their menu is pretty extensive with different types of hotdogs, and other colombian foods. It would have gotten another star but I feel like their "specialty" items (if that is what they consider them), I mean their authentic colombian cuisine was a bit pricey. I could get better and cheaper colombian food in Miami, obviously. But it was very cute inside, very fun place. I will definitely have to frequent for the beer special and that awesome dog!
They describe themselves as Columbian style fast food and I think it's a great alternative to chain burgers and hotdogs. I tried their Columbian burger.  The portion wasn't excessive but it was full of good ingredients - beef, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, bacon, some tasty sauces - the combination was good. Service was very friendly.  Order and pay at the counter.  I didn't have to wait for more than about five minutes for my burger. It's on the corner of Tennessee and Ocala, so it's easy to spot.  You can park around the store.  They were playing one of the Spanish-language channels from XM radio.  The inside was dimly lit with all kinds of Columbian trinkets and a wall of customer comments on post-its.  It has a relaxed locally-owned feel. You can go to their website to see their menu with prices and descriptions.
Excellent Colombian food. For those of you who aren't up with the latest Latin Cuisine it's very similiar to Cuban food you might find at Gordo's except MUCH BETTER. How? There are actual latin people working at this restaurant. Unlike Gringo's there is an actual family running this place which means they may eat some of the same food they serve to you. They still have the crazy hot dogs for all you adventurous folks but the steak with rice beans and plantains that I had was fantastic. They've got more food and it's all been very good. Go go go.
Nobody could say no to this place!  The dishes are really nice.  I'll definitely try all of them!
This could be a man' heaven when it comes to food. But I think most of the food is a little disgusting. t taste fine but knowing that I'm putting chips and mayo based sauce on a huge burger just makes me want to walk past this place and go to Golds. HA But really just grab a beer and enjoy the night. Great place to go get a little tipsy and practice your Spanish. Dónde está el baño?
OK I've driven by this place lots of times, so I decided one night to finally drop in.  I'm a big fan of most Latin food, but I was left less than impressed by what I tasted here. I tried the Churrasco with rice & beans (abt $12) thin tough steak, flavorless, awful ended up in the trash.  It did come with fried Yucca, which was good. The one good thing I tried was Sobrebarriga(abt $12), which is the same tough steak but it's stewed in tomatoes and onions. The flavor was good, very tasty. It's not worth the price though. The hotdogs seem to be people's favorites on here and they are better priced, so I'd urge anyone trying this place to stick with them.
I don't live in Tallahassee but usually go once or twice a year to see friends and have been wanting to try this place for a while, so on my last visit to the area I finally made it in to Super Perros. I'm always a fan of ethnic food, so since this is a Colombian restaurant that also serves hot dogs, I was intrigued. I had been expecting it to be a fast food type restaurant, but it is actually sit down and was nicely decorated. We went at an "off" time, around 3 PM, but there were still a few other people eating there as well. There was only 1 cook and 1 server available, so the service was pretty slow, but it was okay since we weren't in a huge rush. I ordered arepa de pollo and salchipapa. Both of the dishes were satisfactory, but I felt like they were missing something. The arepa de pollo was sort of bland and I kept thinking it needed some kind of seasoning or sauce to liven it up a bit. The salchipapa, which was a dish of grilled hot dog and small potatoes, was good, but definitely needed some ketchup on top to give it more flavor.. Overall I thought the food and service were both okay and would probably give it another try, but would probably order something different in the future, like one of their crazy hot dog concoctions that everyone seems to be raving about.
so super perros. I actually stumbled upon this place back rite after it opened in late 06 early 07 i think it was.. i lived like rite down the street from it off high st. was hungry but didnt wanna go far or wait a long time, nor pay a lot for food..  as most of us dont..... so anyway went it tried one of there burgers.. ans WOW. i was hooked. Super perros is just a fast food style burger and hot dog place. but with a crazy kool spin on everything. so u walk in put in ur order and wait for them to call out ur food  so u can get it... The food at super perros like i said it pretty interesting. ive only had a few diff things. but all the burgers i have had were amazing and always nice and juicy. topped off with some crumbled chips makes it just awesome. This place has gotten a lot of updates since i have moved out of tally but seems its catching on a lot more with everyone and im glad. I say supper perros is AWESOME and if ur on a budget and in need of some juicy good food stop in and grab a bit. u wont be mad u did.
Well, I'll be that guy who throws off the perfect ratings.. I've been to Super Perros 2 or 3 times to hang out with friends who like to eat there but I honestly don't understand the hype that's for this place.  The atmosphere is great, fantastic music, pretty decent service, and its never uncomfortably crowded.  The food, however, is something to try once just to say you ate there and then move on to cheaper and better food. I will say that this review is completely based on my consumption foods off the hot dog menu, so perhaps the other food offered is better?  All I can say is that paying $5 for a cheap tasting hot dog and an extra $2 for a pretty small serving of fries is pretty lousy.  No doubt, putting crushed chips and pineapple on a hot dog is a pretty novel idea, but the prices are nowhere near reasonable for the quality of food offered.. You can get a better hot dog at the stands on campus for about $2 cheaper.  The beer specials are pretty lousy as well, last time I went about 3 months ago it was somewhere around 4$ for a pitcher of miller lite, IF you bought food as well.   I would pass on this place if you are considering it and go to Gordos instead.  Gordos has a special for $2.50 quarts of beer (no meal purchase needed) and a huge basket of fries for $3, so for the price of a hotdog at Super Perros you can get a mug of cheap beer and a good size basket of deliciousness from Gordos.  But expect to pay upwards of around $7-$9 if you want a meal at Super Perros.
One of my absolute favorite places in Tallahassee. The service is always great and the food is always delicious. First-timers definitely need to try the original Super Perro or Columbian Burger, both are AWESOME. The entree plates are pretty good, too. One of my favorite plates is the Carne a la Plancha. Their fried yuca is also worth mentioning as it is seasoned nicely and fried to perfection. They have a Sunday special of a hearty soup (carrots, corn, plantains) and a plate of rice, salad, and braised ribs. I only wish the plate came with more of the ribs because it was so flavorful, tender, and delicious. There is no other place like this in Tally and I always need to make a stop here when I'm in town.
What can I say.....Enormous hotdogs with beans, shredded beef, and every topping under the sun......The portions are gargantuan....I also had a meat dish called the paisa (something) that was a mountain of meat, chorizo, sides, all topped with  fried eggs!  I ate the leftovers for a whole day afterward..... Not the greatest tasting food, but it sure does the trick!
I've gone here multiple times as a college student (go Seminoles!) and I love this place!  Whether you go for lunch, dinner or just after getting smashed at Chubbies, this place is great!  I love everything they put on the Super Perro hot dog.. Their soda always taste kind of funny, which is super annoying but their hot dogs are divine!!! :) mmmm!
Super Perros was surprisingly fantastic! I have always been skeptic about trying this place because of it's appearance, but some friends were raving about it so I thought I would try it out. So glad I did! Highly recommend asking for some of the house salsa. It's a spicy green salsa and its AMAZING! I want to buy a jug for home.
Food was great!! I was hesitant to try it out because of the outside. However, it looks great inside and its a nice environment. We ordered the arepas( good!) and the carne and pollo a la plancha. The plates are huge-almost everyone we saw left with to go boxes. The carne a la plancha was really good. The rice is so rich and I love the beans. The steak was a tiny bit tough but other than that, great meal and a great environment. I'd definitely recommend. Oh and the spicy salsa is super flavorful.
Beers super cheap-o Legit Colombian food College town haven
So delicious. So cheap. A college/ young professionals dream restaurant! Their chicken sandwich is absolutely fantastic, all their attention to detail make the sandwich one of my all time favorites. The staff are all so kind and attentive, and the decor makes you feel right at home!
Great local restaurant that's reminiscent of a Hispanic gradnmother's house. Futbol is always on TV, and the Bandeja Paisa is legendary.
Very interesting and tasty hot dog. It has pineapple sauce and crumbled chips in the mix. I loved the Super Perro (hotdog) and the Columbian Empanada. Hubby ordered Pandeja Paisa. He enjoyed the fried plantain, but was not impressed with the meats. The place was decorated in pink and red hearts and flowers for Valentine's Day. The friends we were with enjoyed their food as well. The waiters were friendly, but overwhelmed by our large group. I have no complaint about the service as I put in the order early, but some of our party didn't get their food for another 30-40 minutes after I received mine. I would go back again to try more items on the menu, but only in a small group.
Love their crazy hot dogs!!
Awesome! I used to live next to a Columbian chef in Chicago. Super Perro brought back memories of home cooked Columbian meals. We ate a la carte so that we could taste as much as possible. Don't miss the papas relleno and the empanadas!
Given all the times I've driven past, I wish I had tried this place sooner!  The burgers and entrees are a little pricey, but the food is very good. And a pitcher of PBR for 3.95 definitely makes SP well worth a stop.  Get the plantains for a healthier and tasty dessert!
The Boss has two hot dogs! Probably big enough to share. However good the hot dogs the friendly waitress actually said that people love the grilled chicken, pollo a la plancha.
I had a "parrillada" last night here, which makes me to give a five star. I ate it ALL. One of my friends is a Colombian, and he recommended us a Colombian restaurant in California which he thinks is relatively authentic. But, i would say this one is better.
Super Perros is decent. It's always empty and for good reason. I had the churrasco and it was mediocre, with mediocre ass chimichurri to boot.  I have to try the hot dogs or burgers to get the full effect, but this place isn't special. Gordo's while run by "gringos" has much more variety/flavor/drinks and makes this place look like crap. I don't really know how it stays open, I believe its a drug front.
I had been wanting to eat here ever since seeing a segment on tv featuring Colombian-style hotdogs.  I co-opted my family into stopping in before our visit to Mission San Luis (which is next door), and everyone really enjoyed their meal.  We'll be back!  It was helpful to view the various entrees on the scrolling video screen, and our server was gracious and helpful too.
It was ok, not a true Colombian Perro. The decorations were on point, but it seemed like the A/C wasn't working so very hot. The Perros had ketchup and mustard and there wasn't enough cheese. It just didn't feel like an authentic Colombian Perro.
Not good. My dad ordered a papa rellena and it was half hot, half cold. I ordered a mixed perro which had some shredded chicken on it. That was terrible too. The shredded chicken was cold and had no flavor, just boiled chicken. The rest of the hot dog was OK.
Columbian cuisine in Tallahassee is all about two words: Super Perros. If you want to take your taste buds on a trip to some of the best Latino cuisine your money can buy, then definitely stop by Super Perros. They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from and they are all very reasonably priced. They also have a very friendly staff, and great costumer service.
I miss this place sososososo much.. there are no places quite like it in DC.  It was my favorite restaurant in Tallahassee... I always ended up getting the bandeja paisa (steak, sausage, egg, salad, rice, beans, arepa, and some pork things) and fried yucca and would end up saving half or 2/3 of it for later.  The steak was really delicious, as well as the sausage.  The yucca was always really good (with pink sauce!).. the only part of the meal i didn't really like was the pork (i forget what it was called).. it was sort of tough and flavorless.  I tried my friend's churrasco once and it was delicious...  I never tried their hot dogs, but heard they were pretty good.  Also.. i loved the 5 beers for $3 or $4 or whatever.. and our waiter was always really friendly.  I would visit Tallahassee right now just to eat there...
Went here with my daughter's and wife. My daughter goes to FSU and she spoke highly of perros. I ordered the super perros $5.99, my wife the pollo Encebollado $7.99. They had beer advertised 5 for $3.95 but we were told the machine was broken so they could not serve any. I thought the hot dog was ok but not worth the money. When the waitress took my order she asked if I wanted fries, I said ok but it was a very small amount and she did not tell me it was $2 extra. My wife's meal was good and also seemed to be good value. If you are going to advertise beer prices outside and inside you should make sure you machine? works or offer your customers something comparable. Service could have been better also but I think they only had one waitress in the place.
I've traveled around a few places in Colombia, the Colombian entrees here seem pretty representative of Colombian sit-down restaurant cuisine.. (The restaurant's sign says "Colombian fast food", but I think that is more of a reference to the hot dogs, which come with an enormous pile of toppings, hence the name "super perros")  I have tried the "bandeja paisa" ( a very traditional Colombian platter, an enormous plate of beef, pork, rice, beans, salad, an arepa, and fried plantains - upon completion of which you will likely find it difficult to move, you might want to share it with a friend if you have eaten anything else today... ) ,  the "sancocho" ( a soup with all kinds of stuff in it, served with a plate of rice, yucca, stewed beef, and salad; this also is a very large serving of food), and the "arepa de choclo" (an arepa with sweet corn and white cheese, an arepa is a very thick corn meal "pancake" or tortilla popular in Colombia and Venezuela)    here  , they were all pretty good.   Prices are pretty reasonable given that there is no competition in Tally in this category!  Interior is nicely decorated with lots of Colombian atmosphere and soccer on TV  .. They have cheap beer!! I did not see any Colombian beer, they have Dominican beer (Presidente) , Corona, and American beers..  I love Colombia , Colombians, and Colombian food and music; so I have to admit I am kind of biased because I was thrilled to find this place in a rather small city like Tally..
Place is really good for the money. For the first time I tried their hot dogs. WOW very good stuff.
I absolutely LOVELOVELOVE this place! The food is cheap, the beer is cheap, there is great ambiance and the food is soooooo good.  My husband and I cannot get beyond what we first ordered, because both of our dishes are so incredible. I get the plantain wrap and he gets the burger with pulled pork on it.  The plantain wrap is the best thing ever. I save half and eat it the next day for lunch. Just as good cold, no way I can wait to heat it up once I've decided to eat it.  One of the very best places in Tally, I have brought family there when they visited from out of town as well and it was always a HUGE hit!
I feel like they have been hiding this restaurant from me, and I'm taking it personnally.  The name made me think it was essentially a hot dog place, and I'd heard they specialize in odd-to-Americans toppings.  I also knew they had really cheap beer.  Nothing wrong with a hot dog and cheep beer place, but not high on my list of must-do's.  Anyhoo, we finally decided to try the place, basically just to check it off our list. Once we stepped inside, we realized that we had been duped, that the place instead was a really cozy restaurant that looked like the management loved it and took great care to make it a nice atmosphere.  There were so many options on the menu that I didn't even take a look at the hot dogs.  I had some chicken/yucca/tomato and garlic dish that was fantastic, along with rice and some of the best salsa I've ever had.  Anyway, we're on to their secret, and now it's on top of the list of restaurants we want to go back to.
One of my all time favorite places to eat in tallahassee. Great portion for the prices! Their pollo a la plancha is incredible and their tostones are always nice and crispy. Good service and friendly wait staff.
I do not recommend this place whatsoever. My Girlfriend and I ordered a bandeja paisa, fries, and Colombian burger. The food was so Americanized, bland, and undercooked. The fries were as pale as a full moon in pitch black darkness. The burger lacked in taste and was just a hot mess. The bandeja paisa was huge, but the chicharrones was a disgrace. Looked like someone just put in a blob of fat in the fryer. The service was okay, and the decor of the place seemed very authentic, but in terms of food, it needs A LOT of work.
From these reviews and just from talking to people that live around town, you can probably tell this place is hit or miss.  Unfortunately, I ate there on a "miss" day. The food was decent, not great. Arepas were alright and I had a burrito called godzilla that was average at best. My girlfriend had one of the hotdogs and that was surprisingly good compared to everything else. However, the service we got was very poor. We had a fairly large group if 8 people split into two tables of four. Other than us, there were only about 6 other customers there. Our drinks and orders were taken in a timely fashion but it fell apart after that. Most of our orders came out wrong and we had to ask for our checks more than five times before we got them. One person in our group actually had to go inside and ask for something because our waiter went MIA during our meal. This is absolutely unacceptable for a place that wasn't even close to busy. Go ahead and give this place a try if you haven't, I've heard better things about it. Maybe you will have better luck but I'm spending my money elsewhere.
The first time I ate here, I thought it was just ok. As a result, I didn't really go back for a year or two. I went back a couple months ago and have been back several times since. Great for a hearty lunch. Try the bandeja paisa!
Real Colombian food! The chicharrones looked like they should (everyone who has been to Colombia knows that chicharrones are NOT pork rinds, as the potato chip companies like to label them). The arepas tasted like home, the aji was spot-on, and the patacones (fried plantains) were delish. Oh, did I mention the empanadas? We ordered the empanadas Argentinas and Colombianas. Again, perfect. The Argentinian empanadas were baked in dough, while the Colombian empanadas were deep fried in corn masa. They even offer Colombiana and Postobon sodas, to boot. Although it appears to be more geared towards hot dogs and hamburgers (hence, Super Perros), the traditional menu also kicks culo. I'll be back...many, many times.
This review is only for the arepas. Yummy.
While I was visiting my sister in Tallahassee, she came home one night with Super Perros hot dogs for my parents and me.  I'm not a very adventurous person, so rest assured that while what's piled on the hot dogs sounds adventurous, it's totally doable.  This was mainly because I could safely say I like each of the things you'd find on these babies, but never thought about putting it all together on top of a hot dog.  So, here goes...   My Super Perro came piled with: "mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, shredded potato chips, pineapple, bacon, and sauces" WOAH!!! They do burgers as well according to the website, and the place was started by a couple of dreamers who started with a little stand they initially operated just in front of their home.  How cute.  It developed and now, they have a restaurant.  Latin American burgers and dogs are apparently nothing to mess with!  Enjoy it, I sure did!
I'm tempted to give Super Perros 5 stars because it's damn good (and in its own category/tier of restaurants, I think it does deserve 5 stars, just not when compared to, say, a Splichal restaurant). Sorry, I'm babbling and off on a tangent. Bottom line, I eat at Super Perros often, and not because of convenience, but because it's a little culinary oasis. It looks a little sketchy from the outside, but once inside, it's a very comfortable space with plenty of personalized decor. Service has always been friendly and the portions generous. I'm particularly fond of their sweet plantains and skirt steak...actually, now that I think about it, their rice is addicting. I don't know if they slather the stuff in butter, oil and cocaine, but I think I could eat a tub of the stuff.
