I've been getting a lot services done at White Sands. The facials and massages are amazing. They always have great specials! I would definitely recommend White Sands.
This is not a fancy place and that is fine with me. Everyone here is super nice. I have enjoyed all my treatments here. On line scheduling makes me love this place more. I think people should treat themselves to these types of services more often, it shouldn't be a special occasion thing. This place, the prices and relaxed atmosphere, kind people, make that possible. Get on line, make an appointment and be good to yourself.
I attended a wedding in Troy and luckily was able to make a last minute appointment for a facial at White Sands (it was literally the only appointment left).  It was such a nice experience!  Megan performed my facial.  She was extremely friendly and knowledgable.  The facial was extensive and relaxing.  The atmosphere was low-key and super professional.  There was no pressure to add on to the treatment or buy products.  I wish I could bring this spa with me to Miami!!!  The price was inexpensive (compared to where I live where a basic facial would cost twice as much).  I would be a regular customer if I lived in the area.  I would whole heartedly recommend this spa to anyone.
My boyfriend and I went to White Sands Spa this past weekend for a Valentine's day package Couples Massage. It was called the Heart to Heart package and included a 1 hour massage, two roses, two herb infused hot/cold packs, and champagne and chocolates at the end. It was $180 and a great deal. It was AMAZING. I believe the names of the women who did the massage were Katie and Kathleen (I'm sorry if that's not right). They were fantastic. It was so relaxing and luxurious. The studio is warm and relaxing (and smells really good). There website is very easy to use and they are very flexible scheduling. I would highly recommend White Sands Spa!
I went to White Sands Massage at the recommendation of a fellow Yelper for a 90 minute massage. I told the LMT that my goals were to relax and reduce tension in my shoulders.  Well relax I did. I may have actually dozed off for a few moments and that is the first time in all of the 100+ massages that I've had in my life that I've done that. My 90 minute massage was $99 which I believe is slightly below the average local cost. They offer other treatments, but I did not pay too much attention to the other services offer. The website is informative on what other services are offered. The "spa" is located in an old brown stone and has a lot of charm. I was concerned initially that the creaky floors would distract me, but my massage and the other appointment were timed perfectly that there wasn't anyone walking around creaking the board. I'm not sure if this is something new that most spas are doing, but White Sands used warming blankets on the table so I forgot that I was in frigid Upstate New York because I was comfortably warmed. You can make your appointment on-line which was exceptionally convenient. My  priority for the massage was relaxation and that expectation was exceeded. I highly recommend this spa as an excellent alternative to some of the bigger spas in the area. It was charming and the LMT met my massage goals.
Went for a waxing appointment and Megan was amazing. The atmosphere was comfortable and relaxing, the waxing was nearly pain free. She even had the courtesy to tell me my legs weren't ready to be waxed (hair not long enough) and recommended I come back at another time so she could do the job properly; I thought this was respectful and impressive. Megan was thorough in explaining the wax, how often I should come, and what products she was using. Booked another appointment and surprisingly looking forward to it.
I have been meaning to review The White Sands for awhile, but as we all know, while we jump at the chance to harpoon a bad experience, we sometimes need a kick in the butt to remember to share the good one!  The White Sands is a phenomenal establishment.  I always find myself extremely relaxed and my requests/focus areas adequately addressed.  Its location may not seem like the typical place to find this type of business, but it has proven both convenient (it's very easy to get to from just about anywhere in the Capital Region) and peaceful. Their online booking is amazing, as the previous review mentioned.  I often find myself remembering to book an appointment at midnight, and never have to worry about calling only during office hours.  They have an automated reminder system too, so I never forget when my next visit is!  And their online "menu" of services explains in detail exactly what each service/package is all about.  Best of all, the prices here are extremely competitive - many local spas and massage therapy locations think they can charge resort pricing without any of the amenities, but The White Sands is spot on in its price-point and offerings. This is a great example of a local business that is both professionally and locally owned, and the entire staff will treat you like a VIP on all of your visits.  LOVE.  LOVE.  LOVE!
