I'll go ahead and just say it.  It doesn't get Mo Betta than Mo Betta.  Five stars in category (food truck/trailer, on location Barbeque).   While brisket and pulled pork are options, I recommend going straight for the ribs (you'll regret not getting the full rack...).   This is located at the SE corner of capital circle and the Parkway.  Sure... You could go to Sonny's (1/4 mile to the North) but you'd be selling yourself short. The deal is that this is a take-home operation.  Surely, you've eaten at home before though. I'm trying to think of something bad to say about Mo Betta's (to make this a more credible write-up) but I can't. If you don't fancy pulling in to a gas station and heading up to the window in the trailer to place your order, that's your deal - and you'd be missing out! (I would have taken a picture of the plate (1/2 rack, baked beans, greens) but that would have required a discipline to wait.  And, Mo Betta's Barbeque wasn't going to eat itself. (P.s., I noticed the one 1-star post, put up by someone who's only put up one review.  That's not-at-all suspicious... :/)
My parents are the Burberry/Ferragamo/Brooks Brothers wearing crowd. Nothing wrong with that (And if you do have a problem with it, let it be known that I might own a few of those brands myself. Fightin' words, yo). What does that have to do with Mo Betta BBQ? I'm just setting the stage. My Burberry/Ferragamo/Brooks Bros wearing parents deigned to visit us in Tally a few years back and I dragged them to Mo Betta to pick up a massive order of BBQ. They be big city people, originally from Tokyo (Pop. 13 million), lived in Los Angeles for 30 years (Pop. 15 million), and consider their current city of residence, population 500,000, to be a country village (again, setting the stage here). So, they're already in culture shock from the settlement of Tallahassee itself, when we pull into this (let's face it) sketch looking gas station and drive up to the MO Betta trailer...aaaand they declined to get out of the car. They cited travel fatigue, but the look of apprehension in their eyes suggested different. I scoffed at them as only a good son can; I've only experienced absolutely wonderful, friendly service and have struck up a number of conversations with fellow customers of all walks of life under the Mo Betta awning. I returned to the car with bags of food and let my folks stew in the amazing smells during the drive home, hoping to help them get over the apprehension of eating what they thought of as "street food." Another side bit to help further set the stage - my parents are former restauranteurs and wholesalers who personally knew Wolfgang Puck and used to play golf with Nobu Matsuhisa, so they're used a certain level of pomp when it concerns food. Several years later, my folks STILL talk longingly about the ribs from Mo Betta. Their food is fantastic. So fantastic, that there have been late nights when I've driven by, the siren song of the smoker is going, and I've had the subsequent fleeting thought of driving off with the smoker hitched to my SUV. If you're afraid of the sketch factor of the gas station, do yourself a favor and get over it! Go. PS: I second Steven R. - the beans are rockstar quality.
Incredibly SLOW! I've been waiting for my food for over 30 min... still waiting... Probably won't be back...
Most excellent! I drive by Mo-Betta every day and have considered gong to try it out for the longest time, but never did. I wish I had sooner, now! The service was friendly and fast and the food amazing. I got the chopped pork sandwich (1/3 serving) with potato salad and baked beans. The sandwich was HUGE. More than enough food for one person to eat. The sides were also substantial and compliment the BBQ perfectly. I'm normally not a fan of beans, but these changed my mind completely. I wanted more! The sauce is a great combo of slightly spicy and slightly sweet. I don't know if it's the only sauce they offer, but I found it deliciously pleasant and don't feel like I need to bother requesting anything more. I'll definitely be back!
Best beans I have ever had ..sweet, spicy and super meaty .. Really WOW and I eat all over the world. Portions for the full slab, dry rub delicious and moist, were twice the volume of usual BBQ..a real bargain!
The first meal I had in Tallahassee was at Mo Betta Bbq, and the second meal I had in Tallahassee was at Mo Betta Bbq.   I pulled into town after a long drive and just wanted something that was not a burger.   Since I had my dog with me, I couldn't go in anywhere and have a sit down meal.  I pulled in to get gas at a shell station and as I was pumping gas the smell of awesome, deep, wonderful, knee buckling bbq hit me.   I looked around and in the same lot as the Shell station was this little food trailer with an awesome outdoor pit. Since I was already on an adventure, I thought ... why not?   I ordered the beef brisket and the chopped pork.  Delicious, tender, juicy, succulent and everything I wanted and needed.  I ate both orders and went to the hotel and fell into a deep sleep that can only be described as a gluton's coma.   I slept late the next morning and after running a few errands I found myself craving more bbq.  I went back to Mo Betta and ordered a full slab of ribs.  The food is great, the staff is more than friendly, and it has been an on-going love affair ever since. There are lots of bbq places in Tallahassee, some are good, some are better, but only one is Mo Betta. I love Mo Betta Bbq!
This was the WORST BBQ I have ever had. The pulled pork was tough, the chicken was dry and the sauce was flat out disgusting. I will never be back.
Far exceeded my high expectations. The chicken actually had flavor and was dependent on the BBQ sauce the sauce was great, too. Very friendly folks, as well.
Stopped by Mo Betta while driving through Tallahassee on my way to the beach. Saw the reviews and decided to stop and check it out. The food was great. i highly recommend the beef brisket and the baked beans.
Food's pretty good here but the waits not. Organization is not the best here and people who call in jump the line to pay for their orders no matter what. Great place for a light snack if you have some time to kill
I got the ribs today and they were delicious fall off the bone ribs! It was Sooo good and there was alot, so I get leftovers :)) Their coleslaw and potato salad are also delicious!
This review is based on my first time visiting Mo Betta BBQ and first impressions of the place actually got me curious how the turn out going to be. Its those bbq places that's by the road and starts to smell the aroma as soon as you drive by it. I was greeted by I think is the owner and he was totally friendly and helpful. That's always a plus in my book. I ended up getting the rib dinner plate and the price was reasonable (less than $10.00) and it only took about 6 minutes until they served it. Now lets get to the food part; The ribs were great. I did noticed that it had a lot of small, sharp bones in them which can be a little risky but its expected (it is ribs) so keep an eye out on that. The barbeque sauce that was provided was excellent. I'm not sure if it was store bought or made from scratch but at the end, I thought it was good. The coleslaw was not bad, a little bland for my taste so maybe adding a little more acidity to it can enhance the flavor. The potato salad was phenomenal so I have no complains there. So in a way, I would say that Mo Betta BBQ is a good alternative from your usual weekend dinner. With its reasonable price and great service, I would say that they have this as an advantage compare to the other similar joints in the city. A little tweaking on the side dishes and I would give this place a 5 star. I would definitely come back.
I ate here when my car broke down at the gas station and was waiting on a tow truck. I wish someone had told me about this place long ago.  Good, good food.  Great sides and TENDER meat.  The chopped pork is wonderful.  The owners are really nice.  Don't let the "beside the gas staion" fool you.  This is good food - run by engaged small business owners.  Ya gotta stop.
I have been wanting to eat here for over a year, but I'm not normally on that side of town.  This past Saturday was finally the day.  This was the most professionally-run roadside BBQ I've ever seen.  Service was very friendly and the food came out surprisingly quick.  I had the chicken, and it was an enormous serving -- they don't find the little tiny chickens, they get the big'uns.  The sauce was not my absolute favorite, but I didn't ask if they had other options and it was still decent.  Overall, a very high quality operation, one that obviously takes pride in what they do.  Looking forward to a return visit.
