So good!! The sauce is sweet (but not overwhelmingly so), the cheese is quality, and the toppings are plentiful. For the price, you really can't beat it! Ou, and the craft beers (also very affordable) are the perfect accompaniment. As for the ambiance... well the decorations are super random but then again, the name is Dave's "Garage" so that makes sense. For a pizza/wings place... I think this establishment hits the ball out of the park!
New to town, looking for a slice of pizza near my new place.  Dave's and one other place where in walking distance so I decided to try out Dave's today.  Pizza by the slice is offered for $3 a slice plus toppings but I'm a cheese pizza guy so no need for toppings.  Other reviews say toppings piled high but I can't attest to that. I ordered a slice of cheese and a regular order of poutine (first time!). Although I did not see it posted anywhere, the gentleman at the counter informed me that a slice and a soda was $4 for lunch. After waiting twenty plus minutes one of the young gentleman informed me that my slice was burnt and offered me a bag of chips and a cookie for the inconvenience, I declined and was left thinking why he did not bring my poutine out then. Five minutes later my slice and poutine came out pipping hot. First, the poutine had very good brown gravy and excellent cheese, but I'm not sure that the amount of toppings justifies the $5.29 price over the of a regular basket of fires at $1.99. The poutine was my favorite part of my lunch. As for the pizza, I really have never had anything like it. The thick crisp crust was enjoyable, but too much sauce left the quality cheese running off the sides in globs. While the sauce was sweet and enjoyable, the cheese was quality, and the crust was good, all together as a slice of pizza to be eaten by hand, it failed. Even when eaten with a fork and knife I was off put by the amount of sauce.   I don't see myself returning for lunch when craving a slice, but wouldn't object to returning if friend wanted to meet there.
Kind of a tucked away, quite spot that serves good, fresh food without a lot of fuss.  We ordered two pies and an awesome apple something salad with an amazing ginger based dressing.. very good.  We had the White Pizza and a Tuscan Pizza, both were very good and had quality, fresh ingredients.  Good selection of bottled, craft beer. The only knock that I have is that it's counter service and you have to go buy a beer each round.
So Dave's is a bit different from the traditional Tallahassee pizza fare. While still a NY style they have a thicker hand tossed (than most of the local places) upon which they pile fresh Boars Head meats and cheeses. Bottom line it's good, it's fresh, it's ridiculously cheesy, and you should try it out.
Honestly didn't expect much out of this place; I thought "just what Tallahassee needs, another generic pizza place." But after some friends helped us move, we headed down there to give it a shot; figured it would be a new adventure for all of us. First thing I noticed on the menu? Poutine. Don't know what it is? Do yourself a favor; stop what you're doing right now, go down there and order yourself a steaming basket of this ooey, gooey, cheesy mess of awesomeness covered in gravy. Literally, covered in gravy! You can die happy knowing you've sampled the scrumtrulescence that is poutine: the Canadian's delight. Moving on... We ordered the BLT and the Pig Kahuna at the counter from a really super nice guy. Got to talk to the restaurant's namesake, found out he was a hockey fan, and decided right then and there that I had a new favorite place even without ever trying a bite of food. When the pizza came... Holy sweet Mary, mother of god! It was like a party in my mouth and everyone was invited! The crust; thin, but not New York style thin, I'd say a happy medium between hand tossed and pan. The toppings; super fresh, super tasty. Overall, amazazing. Yes, with an extra syllable for added emphasis. Downside, we'd have liked to have had a few pitchers if beer, but the taps weren't in yet.  They've only been open since April, so it's entirely understandable. Upside, the beers they did have, though in bottles and cans, we're not just your run of the mill bud light and the like. They had lots of micro brews and things you don't see every day. Overall, I was totally impressed and will absolutely be going again and again and again.
As promised we returned to Dave's Pizza Garage to try the pizza - called ahead to be sure they had dough. Number 1 said I was a bit harsh with my first review, so I felt I owed the Dave's people another shot without the sarcasm. (Just a note - there are several good/great pizza places in Tallahassee. If you choose to enter the pizza market, you have to be exceptional to stand out.) Second visit went significantly better. I certainly must compliment the staff - friendly, smiling, welcoming, and helpful. 2 small salads, 1 small Taste of Tuscany pizza, and 2 drinks - $26 and change. First, the salads. $3.5 for tomato, red onion, cucumber, Romaine, and croutons served in 8 oz. chili bowls. The square sided bowl makes it hard to eat the salad - pieces keep escaping over the edge. And Romaine cut into long strands so taking one piece out drags others with it. Good salad, albeit overpriced (an opinion), but could be served a better way. The croutons are house made from pizza dough, and would benefit from a quick toasting with butter and garlic. (I priced out the salad ingredients and came up with about $.65 worth of produce.) The pizza - $15 for a 12" small. Excellent crunch on the crust. I'm going to guess frozen dough stretched in house based on the texture. The T of T features spinach, sun-dried tomato, chicken, garlic and fresh basil topped with mozzarella. For $15 I expect a small pizza to be loaded with toppings, and Dave's prep is about average. But the pie tasted great - no complaints about favor! Dave's offers nice surroundings, pretty good food, and a great staff. The Fat Guys are likely to go again, but there are equally as good pizza places between the Fat Guy hut and Dave's, so this likely won't make the regular rotation.
I've been to Dave's about 5-7 times in the past 6 months; each time with wonderful results. The flavor of Dave's pizza is better than the chains available in Tally by far! Portion size and toppings piled high make for a delight for the tastebuds (and the wallet)! The menu is varied from pizzas and calzones (it's not a calzone until you say the 'e'!), to soups, salads, and sandwiches. They have started serving bread bowl soups which I intend to try on my next visit. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. I highly recommend Dave's as a family friendly alternative to the pizza chains that litter the town. I hope you have a great experience as well! Salu-te!
"Hey dad, can we go eat pizza in the garage?" That's probably something you've never said before. The Pizza Garage is a well themed pizza restaurant that brings back the sit-down style of pizzeria. This locally own restaurant has a cool look and a great open kitchen. I liked being able to peek in and see what they were doing. To order you go up to the window in the kitchen, where they ring you up. This waiter-less approach is both good and bad. Good because you don't have to worry about tipping or being bothered. Bad, because you never know what's the hold up. When I went, it took a while for our pizza to go through. I wasn't sure if that's because it's homemade or if there was some other orders in front of us. The pizza was good and I liked the presentation. This is a great family place that's pretty much hidden if you're driving down Monroe. Decent Pizza down the road seems a little more hipster/divey, but this place is definitely geared towards families and groups of friends.
No other pizza place in Tallahassee compares to the quality and affordability! It takes a little while to get the pizza, but definitely worth it. Staff are friendly, neat "buffalo themed" interior, (owner from Buffalo), and the crust is the BEST!  Also offers a nice variety of good craft beer, proud to say that I'm a regular here....
Warm, friendly atmosphere, reasonable prices, and my pizza sub was excellent. I'll be back to try the pizza!
I received a message from the owner after my previous review letting me know that they were planning to make their slices larger...and that they did!  I went back for lunch today and two slices were ALMOST too much this time.  I still need to try the other menu items, but their pizza is a winner!
Great job to Dave and the team at Dave's garage pizza- after an FSU game (Go Noles!!), we went to Dave's with a party of 10. The food was great as well as the service. We called ahead and thy had a table set up for us already when we arrived. We had wings , a calzone and a party pizza- and enjoyed a dish of poutine. There was quite a selection of toppings. Try Dave's if you are looking for great food and service. We will definitely be back.
We had a BBQ Chicken pizza dine-in one night and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere was pleasant and the beer selection in the cooler was respectable considering the size of the place. The pizza itself had a great crust; crispy but not too crispy and the toppings/cheese were ample. The other "specialty pizza" items on the menu also looked great and I look forward to trying them out.
Stopped in for a late lunch. Very good pizza. Very extensive menu. Hot/cold subs, salads, wings. This place has it all.
