The service here is great. The buffet can be hit or miss, nonetheless, it is still pretty good. The chicken cheese naan is pretty good and one of my favorite items here. I highly recommend coming here and checking them out.
Best Indian in Tally! I have been to many Indian places in Tallahassee- yet I keep returning to this one. It hardly ever has anyone in there though, quite a shame!
Great food and great service! Love the lunch buffet, it lets me try lots of different foods without having to commit to one.
Yikes a mighty... Remember how Anthony's spiraled into decline its last year here?  Imagine that stalled vortex now, yet having traded its gondoliers for the Saris of India. Not an Indian or person of visible Indian descent in sight - save the lady who sat us.  Perhaps this isn't relevant, but... Something tells me it may factor in to the two-starness of this entry. The buffet line is underwhelming - with such unusual fare as "Beef Curry" and prominently featured white rice (Uncle Ben's). The tandoori chicken, surprisingly, was tender/flavorful/moist.  I had seconds. Over at mayuri's right about now - I know there's a wait for seats.  Check out the picture I snapped off at 1:12pm.  Tumbleweeds... Not sure how the dinner scene presents itself, but if lunch is an indicator - then I suspect they have room for improvement.  Upside?  Nowhere but UP! :)
Never thought I'd find good Indian food in Tallahassee, but I did. Went here for lunch while visiting a friend and was not disappointed. Nice little buffet for a reasonable price. Standards - tandori chicken, chicken masala, saag, samosas, chutneys, naan. I tried a little bit of everything to start so I could decide on what I wanted to come back for more - and everything was good so I had a hard time deciding what I wanted more of without making myself sick. Overall, nothing amazing to point out but nothing bad to say. If I'm in town again, I'd definitely go back.
I wouldn't wait thirty minutes if I had cancer and the doctor was busy tending to his mother on her death bed. ... So I'm certainly not going to wait thirty minutes to place an order at this sad little dive.
Our new favorite Indian restaurant! Food is delicious and the service is amazing! Great atmosphere too, very relaxing. We asked for spinach pekora and even though it  was not on the menu they special made it for us and it was amazing! Highly raccomanded!!
Magnificent. The Curry Pot has wonderful variety and authentic ingredients. The Baingan Bharta (eggplant grilled over tandoori chicken and simmered with spices) can't be beat. There are 16 kinds on naan. International beers. And a weekend lunch buffet.
The only Indian restaurant I've ever disliked... service AND food were incredibly disappointing!  Yelp led me astray this time... Our waiter opted to sit around at empty tables instead of doing anything to help us.  When he did come around (in roughly 30-minute intervals), he was rude and unhelpful.  As for his attire... all I can say is it seemed inappropriate.  His shirt was dirty, WAY too tight, and practically see-through. Making matters worse, the food was bad!  Walking in, the place smells SUPER sickly sweet.  Accordingly, the food was WAY too sweet as well.  I have never had Indian food like that before!  Plus, the cuts of meat were really gross with lots of tiny bones, tough gristle, and big globs of fat. Finally, they randomly charged us $1.95 for rice (which we did not order, and I guess does not come free with the food...)
The is the best Indian restaurant in Tallahassee and still I stay mad because I have to add back pepper/heat. If you are not eating spicy Indian food, you are not eating Indian food. And you know I am right because I am right about everything. These people are good to me and gave me a tour of the kitchen. They pry the lid off a cold cold Kingfisher when I pull up in the lot because I got it like that.
Paneer Makhani was awesome!  Stopped here during a business trip.  Price was reasonable.  Would definitely come back.
I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants in California and New England and this is right up there with the best Indian food I've had. Our waitress was incredibly attentive and she offered honest and forthcoming recommendations. The garlic naan was a great accompaniment to our chicken curry and lamb korma entrees. If you're ordering Indian beer, get the Taj Mahal beer, it's better than the Kingfisher.
Air conditioning - Lower.  The hostesses?  Uninformed. The food?  O-mazing.
We found a coupon for the buffet so my companion and I decided to try it out on a recent Saturday.  While the atmosphere and service is a bit lacking, this is hands down the best Indian I've had in Tallahassee.  Especially considering it was on a buffet.  I had saag paneer (which I've never seen on a buffet in Tallahassee), chicken tikka masala, vegetable korma, and chana masala.  All were delicious and you could actually taste the spices and a bit of heat (although it wasn't as hot as I normally like my Indian).  They also had samosas, pakoras, and rice pudding on the buffet.  Although it's small, there was definitely a lot of variety and the food seemed very freshly prepared. Now, for the negative aspects: the restaurant itself is very dark and the service is slow.  Even for a buffet, it took us awhile to get our check and pay - I even noticed another table got up and waited by the kitchen door in order to expedite their departure.  It seems to be family run and there were only a few people working the tables.  In addition, the coupon we used gave us 50% off a buffet if we bought two drinks and another buffet.  That turned out to be the same price as just buying two buffets so there wasn't any real cost savings there as we would have more likely just drank water.  But in all, I'm willing to tolerate slower service and less than ideal ambiance if the food is excellent.  And as evidenced by that too-full feeling I had when I left, it's excellent!
I hate to say this but I really regret eating lunch here today. I remember a time when they first opened that I could rate them at least 4 stars but not anymore. I ate the lunch buffet and it was horrible. The best part of it was the naan. I've been a few times in the last two months  thinking I may have caught them on a bad day but the food continues to be horrible and service just as bad. I don't plan on coming back. If you want to try indian food at a buffet I would recommend Samrat.
The vegetarian entrees have never let me down. Before they recognized me (I went horrifyingly often for a little while), it would take forever to get all thirty water refills I apparently require, but now they just leave the pitcher. I've heard that meat meals can be a little greasy, but I have never had one. I've been to the lunch buffet once, and as someone who doesn't eat a lot, and likes her Indian food very spicy, it was a disappointment and not worth it.
Service was almost nonexistent.  It took a long time to be seated, and in the entire time we were there no one ever came to our table except the gentleman who (reluctantly) brought us water.  Eventually we helped ourselves to the buffet and settled for water to drink.  The food was pretty lousy, for the most part.  The sauce for the chicken tikka masala could have been store brand cream of tomato soup, the naan was cold and soggy, and the "chicken chili" was enveloped in a half-inch of soggy breading.  The tandori chicken wasn't bad, in all fairness, under-seasoned but very tender.  I left $20 on a $19.50 check and felt I'd overtipped but wasn't willing to wait another hour to get change.  I would give this one star but I was here once before and had a decent meal with good service (and left a civilized tip).
I'm not experienced in eating Indian cuisine but my first time having it was not the best! I will not be returning back to this restaurant anytime soon.
Visited 11/20/10: Uninviting decor. Slow service. Flavorless garlic cheese naan. Our iced water tasted different upon refill. On the upside, the basmati rice and chicken tikka were excellent, though i'd never experienced tikka served on a cast iron plate under a mountain of still-steaming/sizzling red onions and green peppers. For a second there I thought I'd ordered fajitas at a Mexican restaurant. A bit pricey for the experience we had.
I had lunch at Curry Pot with friends early on a weekday.  We all had the buffet and it was very, very good.  I was impressed with the nan and the chicken curry.  Wow.  I'd go there again in a heartbeat if I lived in Tallahassee.
Solid indian restaurant.  I particularly enjoyed their chicken curry, and cabbage upkari.  Naans were also good.  I have only been to the weekday buffet but look forward to trying their South Indian wknd buffet sometime soon.
Highly recommend the Chicken Korma.  Oh, and the garlic cheese naan!  So delicious.  The service was perfect.  Our waiter even took the time to give me a recipe.  :D  We will definitely be going back.
Not a fan of this place!  Once again another Americanized Indian food restaurant.  Nice people, but bland food.  Sad!
We had buffet here. The choice of food was good for vegetarians but the flavor was average. We have tried many different Indian places so we expected a stronger flavor.
Delicious korma and vindaloo. They have a lunch buffet for $7.95, too!
They have a decent lunch buffet.  The chicken tikka masala was pretty good and I tried a few other things on the buffet.  Service was good.  I ordered some items to go off the menu (lamb samosas), which were great when I had them later.  Curry Pot is not the best in Tallahassee, but it's a good choice in the Midtown area.
I'm going to step out on a ledge and say that this is probably the best Indian in town. Its only $7.95 for the lunch buffet and I have to tell you, not only is the variety amazing here but the taste of everything you will eat is just to die for. It just opened where Anthony's Italian restaurant was and I definitely think The Curry Pot will be here for the long haul. There is not much to say on the service since I did have the buffet. I would recommend this place to everybody I know, especially Indian lovers.
Definite improvement in service. The food was still excellent. This second visit we ordered a la cart. The biyrani (which I can never spell!) was great. The chicken tika masala was balanced without being bland. Definitely a contender for our go-to Indian spot.
Went there on a Saturday night - let me say that the food was excellent as well as the service and ambiance!  The spices are blended perfectly so that you can appreciate all the flavors together without over powering your palate.  Very reasonably priced as well.  The location is off the beaten path so get your GPS's out to pinpoint it because it's well worth finding .
We went for the lunch buffett. The place is clean and had a nice selection of Indian food. I would have liked some Tikka Masala on the buffett (I know, not very adventurous). No real complaints though, and for $7.95, a good value.
Chicken saag Excellent.... for adventurous order "Indian" hot
This place serves "authentic Indian cuisine." I know this because of stickers on the door, and tags on the buffet's sneeze guard describing the food as "tiki masala," and the like. Thank god for that! Otherwise I would have been at a loss to identify the combination of undercooked rice, overcooked chicken, and bland, buttery sauce that was on my plate. I lacked the bravery to try the baby food they called "chutney." I give 2 stars because the service was fine, the rice pudding was good enough, and this was, after all, a $9 buffet lunch.
Had an enjoyable dinner there.  The menu offers many different kinds of curries and preparations. We chose the malai kofti (veggie croquets in creamy, mild curry) and a lamb karahi (cooked with peppers, onions and a light, flavorful coriander curry).  Both were excellent, as was the assorted basket of breads (garlic, onion, cheese and plain naan).  Attentive service and a pleasant atmosphere. The lunch buffet was excellent, with several vegetarian and meat options.  The lemon rice was a nice chage of pace from plain rice.   All in all, a good experience and a place that I will return to again.
Slow, slow, ssslllooooowwwwwwwww service.
