The meals are country hearty good, portions plentiful, and the service great. Very polite and prompt servers. Easy off and on Interstate 10.
75% of my Roast Beef was fat, I think I had 2 forkfuls, the fried okra was soggy and cold and the hash brown  casserole was freezing and I asked my waitress to get me a hot hash brown casserole and she wanted me to scoop my cold ones on a plate and she would nuke them in the microwave, I said you kidding me right, she said the managers told her that's the way we do it if your food is cold. I told her to give me the check. I waited 20 mins in a line to pay, there was only one girl at the cash register and I asked the hostess if she could get someone to help and she said "she's doesn't need any help". Worst meal and staff I've ever experienced.
I enjoy eating at all of the Cracker Barrels. The food was great and the service was not so good. I had to get up to get my sweet tea. The price is always very cheap.
Pretty decent place if not a little hectic to get out of. The service was awesome. It was pretty busy, but we didn't run out of drinks and the waitress checked on us a decent amount of times. She was so personable and didn't seemed frazzled at all. The food could have been better, but again it is a Cracker Barrel so I wasn't expecting gourmet or anything. I had the pot roast type roast beef plate. It had A LOT of pepper. Not so much that it was all I could taste, but still.... My kids finished everything on their plates. Believe me, this is a high compliment. They had the kids cheeseburger and chicken strips. My little one just kind of grazed, but then hooked on to my fried apples and wouldn't let go until the dish was licked clean. I can't recommend the root beer enough. It's not a free refill kind of thing, but my kids love it. Hubby had the ribeye steak that was cooked pretty well.
Cracker Barrels are never that good, tolerable at best but this one is very poor. I waited over 30 minutes at my table to be served and had a pounding headache by the time my server arrived. When I asked if it were possible to get an aspirin the Manager ran to my table and started yelling at ME! The food quality as always with any chain restaurant is a step above fast food but not very far. The service and attitude at this restaurant was the worse that I have encountered in a very long time.. Unless you are dying of hunger you would do well to skip it.
As far as a chain goes, I love Cracker Barrel.  95% of the food is made from scratch and it is quite consistent across the board.  I was worried that the return of the Lemon Pepper Trout was a fluke, but I was suprised to see that they had brought it back.  Tonight, we ordered the following: The Dinner Sampler with Country Ham, Green Beans, Mashed Potatoes and gravy, Cottage Cheese, Chicken and Rice Soup and white bread Lemon Pepper grilled trout with Mac-n-Cheese, Carrots, Fried apples, and biscuits. The food was good.  I have rarely had a bad experience when it comes to the actual food; the issues usually arise with the service.  At this particular location, our server seemed to be a bit preoccupied with other tables when she was supposed to be waiting on us.  As a consequense, there were certain items in our meal that were either omitted (cottage cheese and biscuits) or entered incorrectly (Sugar Ham rather than Country Ham).  The server was rather quick to take responsibility for her errors, but it did have an impact on the total meal due to the inconsistent timing. I am glad they are open past 9pm on a weekday...otherwise I wouldn't have been able to eat for the night.
Options for food as a vegan are the following:  steak fries, apple sauce, and salad -Waitress looked at me cross eyed when I told her I was allergic to milk and eggs and that I didn't meat meat(granted....i was exaggerating...but in the south, vegan takes too long to explain) +the decor consists of old pictures of old movies stars and old things and antiques...it was cute -it's soo loud that you have to pretty much yell your questions and orders at your waitress(which in my case made her all the more confused) +the bathroom had complimentry lotions(2 that actually smelled quite nice) for after you washed your hands -the rest of the bathroom was one step above a port-o-potty in smell and cleanliness +half of the building is a store that has old school candy, toys, knick knacks, and other rad stuff. overall, i like the idea of cracker barrel's with the decor and the fun old timey toys, but when it comes to the actual dining experience...i give it a *pfft* on the skunkometer...especially if you have dietary constrictions.
So far not a place i will come back to order a sweet potatoe & blackberry cobbler they dont have neither one. The only plus so far is the hostees was cute Glass half full!!!
Good Cracker Barrel location. We normally go for a late brunch when we go to Cracker Barrel. As one can see from the other reviews, going for breakfast (especially on a weekend) is for people who enjoy being in the melee of a huge crowd much more than I do. The food at this location tastes as good as it does at any other. If you are not familiar with Cracker Barrel, it is essentially a chain restaurant offering delicious country breakfast foods and so-so dinner foods and has a small junk shop adjoining the dining area that you must pass through to be seated. It's hard to go wrong with the breakfast items, which are served all day. We always order breakfast at Cracker Barrel. Most breakfasts include eggs and a meat item around which a number of sides can be chosen. The number of sides and type of meat account will be the main decision facing you as you order. Favorites for me include their BISCUITS(!), bacon, hasbrown casserole, and their grits. Also, the coffee is pretty good. I always go somewhere else if I see there is a wait, which happens frequently. Cracker Barrel is popular (especially with seniors) and located just south of Interstate 10. That being said, the service is usually adequate, if not very fast. The waiters I've had were definitely doing their best, so I won't complain. Prices are reasonable, approximately $6-$9 for breakfast.
Great to wake up in Florida again! I think the air here feels different! I know the food smells great! To eat! Then on to my next adventure! :) Smokehouse Breakfast
TIP:  Go some where else!  I am a HUGE fan of this food chain, but today (in a word) - YUCK!!!  Sausage tasted like stale beef jerky. Basted eggs were NOT.  Not very busy at all, yet waited 20 minutes to be seated (told 5 minutes).
My wife and I have been making monthly breakfast outings to this restaurant. While this isn't the best Cracker Barrel I've been to, the service has always been reasonable even though they always seem to be busy. There's always a lot of food brought out on too many plates. You could go there for their healthy options, but what's the fun in that? Get the Sunrise Sampler for a taste of all the breakfast options that have made this chain so popular.
Food Ok and Facilities terrible...
There are certain expectations when you go to a Cracker Barrel... A delicious mix of southern style breakfast foods. I went with a relatively large group of people (10) so I expected there to be a wait plus it was a holiday weekend, so I had no problem with playing checkers and perusing the shop while waiting. The only thing that annoyed me a little was that our meals seemed very disorganized. They came out in separate parts. I essentially had a different plate for every part of my meal. It just felt very scatter brain. Either way, the food was good and my tummy left satisfied.
I had the unfortunate experience of dealing with this restaurant this past Thanksgiving.  Every single employee i encountered in the store or on the phone was as rude as they could be.  I tried to work something out with this location in regards to a group i was trying to book.  I kept getting an endless string of no's, we cant to that, short, impatient responses, a total lack of even trying to be helpful, and dirty looks.  Even the assistant manager was rude.  It is surprising that a restaurant that supposedly prides itself on down-home cooking and friendly southern service has such extremely rude, unhelpful employees.
Horrible service. We were ignored most of the time we were here. I eat at this chain pretty often and I was not pleased. My Hashbrown Casserole was dry like it was the last bit left in the pan. The place was really busy, but that is no reason for two groups of people who were seated after us to get their food 10 min before we did...
No alcohol at all! Slowwwwww service. I asked the 18 year old waitress how the ribeye steak was, her answer was I don't know. That was the same answer for the next 3 questions.  She disappeared for 15 min after taking our drink order. She dropped off the check without saying a word while we were still eating. The food is mediocre. Corn Bread Sucked!!
Special going on right now is Shrimp and Grits and they are fantastic.
This restaurant manages to make vegetables taste awful.  I ordered the vegetable platter with sweet baby carrots, baked yam and seasonal vegetables.  Baby carrots and seasonal vegetables are most likely steamed frozen vegetables and the yam had no flavor whatsoever.
You can always count on Cracker Barrel no matter where you travel.  This one is our home town restaurant, but we've had good luck at most every one we tried in our travels.  Whether breakfast or lunch or dinner it is usually always good.
Not as big as other Cracker Barrels in the store part it seems, which is a big problem when there are lots of people. The service was okay but it's not well lit, the tables and chairs were sticky, the menu is outdated and I just did not enjoy my stay. The place just felt dirty in general. And what restaurant these days doesn't have wifi? I usually love Cracker Barrel, but not this one.
Food is always good , not great but good. Southern theme. But service could be better  esp on weekends .
