I really will not go anywhere else in Tallahassee to get my nails done. Ni Ni, Lisa, and Katie always take such great care of me.  They remember me when i come in every two weeks - ask me about school, work, my boyfriend.  I think that is exceptional service especially in a college town where they are seeing hundreds of people each week.   They have the best gel color selection and the best regular nail polish collection- Essie and OPI are my favorites and they never disappoint on a color that I want.
Still do a great job, still think prices are great, but every time I go I wait at least half an hour.
I go to Violet Nails for my eyebrows, and one of my friends is also loyal to them for her eyebrows too. They usually have the best price for their location and the quality of their place (same price as a nail salon in the local Wal-Mart, but where would you rather go?) and the girl who does mine is always very nice. I also see them giving out coupons on occasion, so they know how to reel customers in. Around Christmastime they gave vouchers out when you went in. So when I got my brows done in December I got a $5 voucher that I could use until the end of February. This was nice. I also went here on a Friday afternoon as a walk-in for my brows recently. They were very busy but after a few minutes one of the employees asked what service I was there for and offered a bottle of water to all customers who were waiting. This made Violet Nails stand out to me in comparison of other places. And although it seemed like the girl who did my brows was just trying to get me out of there and did my brows faster than usual, they looked better than they have previous times. I could not complain. I have yet to get my nails done here but with great reviews I know where to go when I feel like treating myself!
I really did not enjoy my experience at Violet Nails. The customer service was okay, but the attention to detail was horrendous. My gel nails were not remove properly and I believe they ruined my nail bed. My nails look horrible and I left with a few uneven cuticles. I will not return even with a $5 off coupon. I rather spend my money elsewhere. Detail is important in my book.
Came in on a Tuesday, it wasn't so busy but waited 1 hour before any of the employees paid attention to me. To top it off, 3 other customers came in after me and left before me, and mediocre customer service, and my gel manicure started chipping after 2 days. Very hesitant on even coming back.
I was in Tallahassee for my engagement pictures and needed my nails done. I went to this salon because of the positive reviews I read on Yelp. I was really impressed with the services, the people, the salon itself, and the location. My fingers and toes look beautiful. This is definitely the best manicure I've ever gotten, and it's one of the best toenail paint jobs! Everyone who worked there was so welcoming and engaging. I went right when the salon opened (at 10am), so I had lots of attention. The salon itself is painted in warm colors and is very inviting. Although I brought my own polish, I was impressed with their color selection. I also really liked their location. College town feel so hip and metropolitan! Overall, I had a wonderful experience. This is definitely a salon to check out. Pro tip: come before noon!
Still my favorite salon in Tallahassee after having been to many others. Also, $5 coupons for the holidays because they are just awesome like that :)
Really nice atmosphere (lighting, pretty wall color, nicely maintained equipment.)  The pedicure was great!  They had a great selection of color and really spent time on the foot and leg rubs.  They also have a great selection of scented lotion.
Fantastic! Salon is very clean, the sisters are beyond nice & are there to please! Prices are very reasonable too. I would definitely go back...& I was just visiting Tallahassee.  Found the salon through Yelp. There is plenty of parking in the back.
Fantastic pedicure! Decent prices! I highly recommend. Everything is new and very clean walk ins are welcome. I will definitely be back. Wish I had found this place earlier (when I moved here).
My first visit to Violet Nails, I got the Vanilla Plum deluxe pedicure.  Kim did a really great job-I left smelling delicious with really cute nails and feet!
This place is a hidden gem! I've been going regularly since they opened earlier this year. I always get the gel (shellac) mani and Katy and Mimi do a great job. The pedicure chairs are amazing and they always have so many beautiful polish colors I have trouble choosing. There is usually not a wait as they are unfortunately having trouble getting business due to the construction on Gaines. If you are around the FSU campus and want to get your nails done or a wax, go here!!
