Just had a wonderful couples message with my girlfriend. The ladies at the Ivy never cease to amaze me. They provide a relaxed and comfortable environment. You truly feel like a wanted customer every visit. The business is a converted home and they have made it look great and it almost feels like you are getting a massage right in your own bedroom. The therapist worked wonders with their hands and kept the dialogue running the entire session to keep any possible discomfort from happening. This is especially important for someone who is new to massage therapy. Sometimes the first time can be a little awkward. Love The Ivy and will continue to be a repeat customer.
I was able to get in for a pedicure the same day I called. They have late hours available so I was able to make it after work for their last appointment at 645. Their nail polish selection isn't huge but they do have a relatively small range of colors to choose from. The girl I worked with was very friendly and professional. (I can't recall her name right now) Like I said, I was her last appointment of the day and I didn't feel rushed at all and she a beautiful job. The atmosphere is nice, small and quiet. Potential to do one pedicure and one manicure at the same time if both nail technicians are in. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
My mom was visiting for the weekend and suggested that we go and get facials. I had been to Kylies downstairs several times to get my hair cut and was always very pleased with the service there, so I thought maybe we would try the Ivy spa for facials. Scheduling was very easy and once we got there the staff was super friendly and very accommodating. Mom and I both had Lexi do our facials, and we were both very happy with her she did a great job, it was very relaxing. We loved it! I will definitely be going here again!!
First of all, I don't know what happened to customer service in this world, but one of the first things the receptionist said to me was that she needed my credit card to charge me in case I don't show up. Talk about off-putting. Thanks for that. I am glad that charging me in case I don't show is your number one priority. Lame. Aside from that I really needed a massage and was curious about this place. The man that greeted me was very sweet, the interior is nice, I was hopeful. My therapist seemed sweet, but then she would not stop talking, she talked through the ENTIRE massage!  Not only that, she was working my shoulder blade bone like it was a knot. Her technique was absolutely awful. She didn't want to be there and she put all that careless energy into my body. What really irritates me now that I think about it, when our time was up, she just shot out there like a rat on meth. She couldn't wait to get out of there, after talking my ear off about HER problems. This was entirely my fault though for not telling her to shut up, but really. I don't know how this woman has a license to perform a healing service. I will never ever go here again. I hope my experience was just an off day for this woman, but the more I think about the spa credit card policy, the more I just hate this place.
My shoulders are a MESS, and I had a really wonderful deep tissue massage with Lacey today that has helped a lot. The spa has a spacious parking lot and an easy location on Route 4, right off the 90. I was warmly welcomed at the desk and filled out very brief paperwork. Lacey helped me pick out an essential oil to mix with my lotion - a nice personal touch. I like how the Ivy seems to be a cute house redone as a spa. My massage room was on the first floor and was perfectly warm with gentle music. The building was very quiet and it was really relaxing. Lacey was able to really get into all my tight spots, which is nearly impossible. I asked for a VERY deep tissue massage, and I got it. I almost cried, which is exactly what I needed. They gave me water before and after which is always a thoughtful touch. I like it so much that I am going back Friday! They have occasional coupons and contests on their Facebook page, so be sure to "like" them.
Was here for the first time this weekend with my boyfriend for a couple's massage. I had gotten him a gift certificate last birthday and now finally this birthday we rolled around to using it--hey what can I say, we are a busy people. So, let me begin with saying it's not Kimberly's with the plush robes, huge sofas, bigger than my own house sized waiting area (and that's just downstairs). This is a small, house turned spa location with a local feel, small rooms, but it's cozy and yet offering the same services as your big name spas in the area but for a fraction of the cost. Grant it for the extra cost you get to borrow the plus robe for your appt, but you wear it for a total of 10 minutes and then have to give it back and yet you spend about another 50-100$ more in your bill than a small place like this. Inside, small rooms including check in and waiting without only a total of 3 seats between the two rooms. Upstairs massage room was small and cozy. All the colors were warm neutrals and it was very clean inside so it was a nice feel still. Our massage therapists Jamie and sadly can't remember the other girls name, can give a super massage. I can certainly say I asked for deep tissue and I got it! The girls were friendly, let us kind of run the show as far as if we wanted it quiet or to have casual conversation, and asked us about our needs (i.e. any areas to pay attention to, etc). Overall I would come back!
Fantastic little spa! They make you feel so comfortable and the professionals there are so great! Can't wait to go back!
