I love this place! I always go to Priscilla Reyes and she does an excellent job cutting my thick curly hair. She leaves it silky smooth. Will, the owner, is also a color genius. Check them out. Their prices are reasonable. I end up paying $115 for partial foils, shampoo, cut, and style (with flat iron).
Won't get my hair done anywhere else... Entire staff is friendly! I go to Mary and she is consistently awesome and listens/ does exactly what I want! She usually does my eyebrows but Keith did them last time - Perfect! Go here if you need an awesome cut, color or both!
I used to have a fear of going to hair salons back when I was living in my hometown because they always never cut my hair right. When I moved in Tallahassee, my friend recommended this place and from the first time, they cut my hair perfectly. I've been here a couple of times and they never disappoint. The people are nice and friendly and they make you feel very comfortable from the beginning. Highly recommended. Definitely worth it.
I love Hair on Earth! I've been going here for almost a year and recommend this place to everyone. I used to go to Aveda, but it always took forever for them to cut my hair and I just don't have three hours to spend just getting my hair cut. At Hair on Earth, they're thorough and timely with cuts, styles and color. Priscilla is the best with my curly hair and knows color like no other stylist I've been to. The prices are reasonable and it's never hard to get an appointment. Definitely try this place out...you won't regret it.
The best salon in Tallahassee!
Hair on Earth is amazing. It can be weird to go to hair salons as a dude, but this one isn't like that. The reception staff is friendly and mad cute, the music is fun, and Mary gives me the best haircut i've ever gotten. Whether you want something crazy or just a trim, do yourself a favor and go to this salon.
I am not so great with my hair.  I called and it's great that you can email to set up appointments or ask questions with their staff.  I set up an appointment with Will the owner.  He is a great conversationalist and listened to what I wanted and gave me a brand new look for the year. I agree with previous comment that Will is a color genius.  Great customer service from his staff who called the day before to remind me of my appointment.  Observing the clients that came in they are very regular and enjoy coming here.  I will definitely recommend this place. I love my new look and style so thanks again Will !!
I love this salon. I've been going there for years now, and I've been super happy with my hair ever since. Everyone there is really nice and welcoming. I definitely recommend Hair On Earth everywhere I go, because I'm constantly getting compliments on my hair! I'm afraid that when I move out of Tallahassee I'll never find anywhere as good again
Located on Monroe nearby cluster and hops restaurant. My hubbys hairdresser Sophie moved here from Haute Headz and she's gotten better and quicker since she has moved here. I recommend her for anyone but especially asian male hair. She has taken care of my hubby hair from his younger days with a fohawk to now, a stylish combover. The price is more expensive than a typical asian hair salon but average for a american hair salon. Considering its Tally, its reasonable price. Parking is free and easy (park in the back). Simple review: Sophie is a great hair dresser and I recommend her, especially for Asian male hair. Tell her Ricky and/or Helen sent you.
Love this place!
I go into hair on earth looking like a wookie and come out looking like Princess Leia. Is Erin a wizard? Is she the illegitimate child of Edward Scissorhands? All I know is that she makes me look awesome. Best salon in TLH!
I have been here twice and I have only seen Angela, but she is great! I'm incredibly picky with my hair but she has done an amazing job both times. She is also very easy to sit for. Very sweet and easy to have conversations with. They usually always have a deal on Google Offers too, so check that out before you go!
I got my hair cut here, and while it was not a total disaster or anything, I decided to try somewhere else next time rather than return. 1.  I thought the style I was given was pretty boring for a place that seems semi-edgy, and considering I was very specific with what I wanted.  I asked for an a-line cut, short in the back, long in the front, and came out with something more along the lines of a really basic bob with almost no angle to it.  I later got an edgier cut at an Aveda salon/spa here in town, which surprised me. 2.  I was also not happy that my bangs were trimmed to an extremely annoying length (too short to tuck behind my ear, yet so long that I could not wear them as bangs without getting them in my eyes!) even though I asked the stylist not to mess with them because I was growing them out. On the plus side, the people there were very friendly, and the salon itself is pleasant inside.  I just didn't think the cut I got was adventurous enough, and the girl who cut my hair did not seem to listen to any of my requests/input. Maybe if the price were lower then a really basic chop would be acceptable, but at the price they charge, I expect results when I come in asking for a specific look.
I will never want to go to another salon ever again for the rest of my life. The staff is adorable and accommodating. My stylist was like a mind reader, I went in there with a vague idea of what I wanted and couldn't have been happier when I left! The selection of products were great too! I just started using bumble & bumble products and they're amazing! The straight shampoo has tamed my summer frizz completely. I can't wait to try the surf spray! The pricing is fair, especially considering that this is a top Tallahassee salon. All my male friends that have come here got super sharp hair cuts.
This was my first time in this salon, and it was amazing! Erin did my lowlights and highlights, and my hair looks the best it has ever looked!!! It finally has my dimension back in it! She is awesome and I would definitely recommend her. It is really nice inside too.
When I first moved to Tallahassee, I always waited to get my hair cut when I traveled back home because I trust very few people with my hair. Now that I've found Hair on Earth, I won't go anywhere else in town. The first time I went to Angela and got all my hair chopped off. Probably about 15 inches or more. When I told her what I wanted, she was more excited than I was. Her enthusiasm helped ease me of my decision for a drastic change. She was easy to talk to and did a fantastic job on my hair. The services are of reasonable price and I've never had a problem making an appointment. Go here for wonderful treatment and an awesome cut! Don't forget to ask for Angela!
I love love love it in here. I have bad my hair cut by three different stylists and they have all been able to understand not only what I was hoping to achieve from my hair cut, but also give me good tips for hair care and work with my schedule. I love the music that's played there and how clean everything is. I have even gotten multiple tips on places to go to around town from the stylists that have been as cool and fun to go to as they all are when I go to have my hair cut. I have recommended this place to three if my friends and we all feel the same way, no other place in Tallahassee that I'd want to go to get my haircut. I only wish that I hadn't done the typical college thing, waiting to go home in order to get my hair cut and I had just been going since I came into town.
I usually meet with Priscilla, who does a great job, but today I met with Jordan for a wash, cut & style. I am so pleased with the result!! Jordan took her time, asked questions, and listened to me so we were both on the same page. She did a fabulous job & my haircut looks great! I will be back!
Really nice place.  My only complaint is that they were out of wine.  But when I saw the finished product of my hair all was forgiven.  And then when I got the bill, I left with a smile on my face.    *** Coupons on the website!**** Mary was great! She was friendly, easy to talk to, professional and quick!  I had a partial foil with 2 different colors and a hair cut, all under 2 hrs.  And she took her time with the head massage :)  I will absolutely be back!
I had a pleasant time with my hair stylist and the price was worth the work that I got. I will definitely trust these stylists with my hair again.
I loved getting my hair cut here. My stylist, Riley, was very fun and made me feel completely at ease with getting my hair done at a new place. I love the products they use, the Bumble and Bumble line, and they even offer free bang trims (if you're one of us who has bangs). The price for a cut is higher than somewhere like Great Clips, but you get a different experience at this salon and more personal attention. I'll be back for sure.
I was back home in Tallahassee for 7 weeks and was in desperate need of hair color. Not knowing where to go to anymore, I looked online for reviews and decided to try Hair on Earth. I had a FANTASTIC experience!! I booked my appointment online and was contacted immediately with superb customer service. I was scheduled for full foils with Angela and I can't say enough about her. She was extremely knowledgeable and was able to produce exactly what I had wanted. The color was perfect!! The salon was beautiful, great music and mood. The price was also great as well. Overall, I was more than happy with my choice and would love to be able to continue going here. I would definitely recommend Angela - she was so knowledgeable, personable, and gave me exactly what I was wanting for my hair.
It took me ages to find the right hair salon for me in Tallahassee. Finally I tried Hair on Earth because of a coupon and good reviews. This salon is now the only place I'll go to to have my hair cut. The staff is super nice, sweet and will help you figure out what you want to do with your hair without making you feel rushed or uncomfortable. I am very shy, so I always dreaded having to sit on a chair while a stranger messed with my hair and tried to make small talk with me. Well, since I started going to Hair on Earth I  no longer dread my appointment and actually look forward to catching up with my stylist and shooting the breeze. My stylist, Priscilla is super sweet, nice and listens to what I want. Highly recommend this salon often since I always get compliments about my hair style.
