Wow, this place was great.  Our work group was looking for a steakhouse and thought Manny's was going to be a little nicer.  When we got to the restaurant the parking lot was full at 5:30 pm so that was a good sign. The food did not disappoint.  Everything we ordered, from potato skins to steak, chicken sandwiches and bread was excellent.  The 2 for 1 margaritas were pretty weak but I will definitely be back when I return to Orlando.
endless salad.  bonless bbq wings app.  ribs.  bbq chicken.  red wine.  porterhouse and ribeye steak.  garlic mashed.  sangria.  margaritas.  rolls.  sweet butter.   unreal french fries. well worth the wait, this place opened at 4pm, and by 5pm there was a 30 minute wait out the door. 4pm-7pm was 2 for 1 wine, ritas and draft beer.  tuesday kids eat free and weds is 2 for 1 fajitas. if they sold t-shirts i would have bought one.
Good steaks, salads, bread, and service......a little bit of a wait, but you can get 2 for 1 at the bar during happy hour
Central Florida dining at its best. Think Outback, but better and with a lot more local flavor. Nothing is what I would call healthy, but it's all tasty (including the margaritas). Expect to wait, especially on the weekend. But unless you feel like driving into Orlando, this is a really solid dining option  if you are staying anywhere around Haines City.
Good steak.  Good bang for the buck.  It's busy so plan accordingly.  Happy hour till 7:00 then the over-priced drinks kick in.  If you like good wine with your steak you may be able to bring your own ( don't know if they allow or not).  Otherwise you have about 4 selections.  It's fun and tasty (a bit loud but...).  I would recommend it for family & friends but not a romantic dinner.
Great affordable food! There is usually a wait, I recommend to call ahead. I would recommend a trip out!
this is one of the best places to eat in america! if you was the best eat here, yes you might have to wait  but its worth it. the owner is amazing if you have any problems he will make certain you are happy and very full when you leave, truely one of the best places to eat in america hands down top 5 in florida. thanks for the great food manny.
Good,tasty food
Food was amazing and a price you can't beat! Atmosphere was great and our server was awesome!  Next time I'm in Florida you can bet I'll be eating there.
I get down to Orlando a few times a year and I like to stop in here for dinner whenever I'm in town. Every time I'm here, the place is packed and there is always a wait. They do offer call ahead seating and I would suggest taking advantage of it. The place is a bit of an eye sore when you walk in as there are decorations everywhere! I always go with the 7oz filet with blue cheese crumbles and the steak is fork tender and quite delicious! The meal comes with an endless salad bowl and the amazing yeast rolls with cinnamon butter. I could easily make a meal out of the salad and rolls, but I have to restrain myself as I have to save room for my steak. They look like they have some really good desserts, but I'm just too stuffed to have it. Prices are really reasonable as I can get out of there (with no alcohol) for under $25, including tip. If you are in the area, stop in and give it a try. All of those people standing outside can't be wrong!
Wow!!!!! The food here is fantastic. We were a group of 19, and everyone loved what they ate.
I can't stress enough the importance of going here when you are in the area. Does it get packed? Yep. Is it a little out of the way if you don't live there 24/7? Yep. Was it awesome? Yep. From the first time someone says hello to you until you leave out the door, you will not be disappointed. I've been there twice; the service has been outstanding both times, great servers who know there stuff and know how to make you feel comfortable and relaxed. Great rolls, the big old salad was excellent, but you want to know about the meat? The meat was great! I had the fillet the first time I went, and it was fork cutting tender. I like my meat on the medium rare side, and it was perfect. The second time I went, they were having a lobster tail and sirloin special for $19.99. The lobster was great, grilled to perfection, and of course the meat was, well, hard to beat. I haven't had dessert here yet, maybe some day, but for now, meat is a good starter, main and probably dessert course. Make a reservation, get there early and enjoy!
go there on wednesday for free fajitas, buy one get one free...that means two delicious meals eat one there and take one home.  their shrimp and crab appetizer was AMAZING!!!!!  If you are planning on going to Legoland plan this for place for dinner.
Our friend wanted to take us here, seeing as we have never been there we were very excited! She wanted us to meet her at 430 and I thought, holy smokes that's early! But we still had to wait almost an hour. This place is crazy busy!! They do take call ahead so I definitely recommend doing that. Definitely be prepared to wait though. They did have drink specials at the bar though, if you are lucky to find a seat. Once we got our table it was all good. They have recently opened a second section of the restaurant and it definitely helps. The rolls come out hot and steamy and they give you butter mixed with like sugar and cinnamon, but they are DELICIOUS! And you can ask for more, recommend doing just that. Most of the dinners come with salad and the salad is mixed in front of you and again unlimited. The steaks are huge and very tastey! If you don't mind driving all the way to haines city, I would definitely recommend going here! Its one of the best steakhouses I have been to in Orlando area. There are so many chains in Orlando, that it's really great to find a hidden gem! The service was great, very nice waitress, however the hostess could use a little pointers. The price is a little high but it is steaks and you do get a lot of food. We were stuffed when we left and had some to bring home. I had the prime rib and I loved it. Usually it comes cold at other places, but it was warm here. I will definitely go back! Just go early!
I have never had a bad meal there. Sometimes the wait Is really long,but do call head setting
I have been wanting to try this place forever but no matter when you go there there is always a huge wait.  Well the other night I braved a 40 minute wait which was one of the shortest I have ever been quoted.  It was SOOOOO worth it though.  The endless salad is so fresh, the bread with the cinnamon butter just melts in your mouth.  And the steaks are top of the line.  I plan on many more visits to Manny's and now I am definitely willing to wait.
Great steak dinner in super casual setting. Been here three times and each time consistently great meal. I went out of my comfort zone (ribeye or NY strip) and got 7 ounce filet and bacon wrapped shrimp. You had me at bacon. Perfectly cooked steak! Dining companions had ribs (outstanding, tender and lean) and another filet also perfectly cooked. Add in a good table salad, some cold beer and you have a great meal. Way to go Manny. Way to go!
Talk about a mountain of food! I ordered take out from here while visiting the Orlando area this past weekend and impressed by the portions offered at this restaurant. Keep this in mind when ordering becuase it is almost humanly impossibly to finish any dish here. The food was about average, the standouts being the ginormous onion rings and the filet, which was perfectly cooked. The entrees come with a large salad and a side, enough food for two. The dinner rolls and cinnamon butter were so scrumptious we saved the extra butter and have been putting it on toast for breakfast. I cannot speak for the service, as we got take out, but we were told we would need to buy a bottle of bbq suace if we would want extra for the ribs. I did not, so no bbq sauce for me...
Staying nearby for vacation and had to drop in with the family after reading all the rave reviews. Our night was labor day and the place was packed. We waited 30 mins which was fine;kept the kids happy with the old machines outside. Monday was also kids eat free, 2 for 1 on beers and we hit the early bird special time, so I wasn't surprised it was busy. I love this type of place, old Americana everywhere and a lively fun atmosphere. I could see straight away that the workforce were rushed off their feet. We were seated and greeted by Courtney. The table had that disposable paper which was great for my kids to draw on while we waited for the food. Rolls with Cinammon roll were good and the endless salad was tasty with lost of variety in there,  not just lettuce leaves. 2 beers were delivered without even asking for the 2 for 1 deal...Ok, I'm happy! Kids shared a cheeseburger and filet mignon on a stick (free btw). I tried both and they were excellent. The Mrs got the Manny's steak and it was so soft and tender. How they got it to be so soft I do not know...unreal. I ordered the full rack of ribs for a change. This is were they lost a star. The meat was so fatty it was a pain to eat. I hate fatty meat so it really spoiled it for me. I also felt rushed to get out of there as we completed our meal. That said this is a great place, super value and fun. I would definitely go back if I was in the area.
A friend told me this place was good. GREAT is more like it. One of the best Ribeye steaks I've EVER had. Good service, fast, and at a reasonable price. I'm a fan.
Why 5 stars? Because it's everything Cody's and Texas Roadhouse should be.   ---   ---   --- Welcome to Manny's, where you get all of the delicious things from other roadhouse chains (amazing bread/salad) but with high quality meat that you'd expect from a top-notch steak house. Yet, the prices are completely reasonable. I have been here twice, and it was nothing short of phenomenal each time. I am in total heaven with a slab of Manny's prime rib in front of me. The bread and the salad is what dreams are made of. You know those cravings you get when you are on a diet, where you almost feel a sexual energy toward food? This is the ultimate spot-hitter.
Absolutely brilliant!! 11 of us went and booked on the phone for 7 (good idea to call before you go) On arrival we were told it was going to be a 45 minute wait probably due to the size of our party! We ordered a selection of appetisers which on reflection we didn't need to as the bread and salad were great! The mains we had everyone enjoyed and were excellent, I would definitely come back to eat at Mannys, great food and a great atmosphere, reasonably priced also!!
Omg the best restaurant.we celebrated my sons bday .we were seated right away.the waiter George was super awsome.my meal was excellent.they sang him happy bday.he felt like king for a day.will be going as many time when I visit orlando
Manny's is great! Good food but this particular location seems to be very noisy. Salad and rolls are a must!
I'd heard such great things about this restaurant and couldn't wait to try it out! It was a 45 minute drive to the middle of nowhere in Haines City (well, there were some shopping centers).  And when we arrived the place was hopping! It was packed!! Luckily my friends had called ahead and showed up early so by the time we got there, we had time to order a drink and then our table was ready.  (I've heard they have a great happy hour but we were too late for it). The menu had lots of great options!  We started off with the honey yeast rolls with cinnamon butter.  Now, I am not a bread person.  Unless it is flavored or the butter is flavored I usually pass on it.  BUT THIS BREAD!!!  Oh my gosh it was sooo good!  In fact, we ordered some to take home to eat the next day!  Easily my favorite part of the meal. Up next was the endless salad.  It had garlic ranch dressing.  Unfortunately, it was only okay for me.  My least fav part of the meal.  I'm not a huge fan of ranch on salads and prefer Caesar.   My main entrée was delicious.  I ordered the 7oz bacon wrapped filet with crab stuffed shrimp and loaded baked potato (minus chives).  The stuffing in the shrimp was rich and I could only eat 3 of the 4.  The filet seemed a little smaller than 7 oz but it was okay since I was full from everything else.  The baked potato was huge though! Overall,  a great meal!  I'm not sure its worth it for us to head back there just for dinner for us but if friends are going again, we'll be there!
Great steaks and chicken and unlimited salad and bread fun place to hang out and have a few drinks as well as stuffing yourself...
Sitting in Manny's at the bar as I type this. Wanted to like it more because I want to find a solid steak house close to me that isn't a chain restaurant. Service - 3.5 stars Food - 3 stars Atmosphere - 3 stars Yelpers had a pretty high opinion given its 4 stars and positive reviews so when I found myself on a Sunday night craving a hearty meal since I hadn't eaten all day, I thought it would be a great idea for a trial. If there were other high quality steakhouses in the area, I probably wouldn't some back. With that being said, I would consider giving Manny's a 2nd chance. I came in a little after 6pm on a Sunday night and they were packed. Had to easily been an hour wait for a table. Luckily i was by myself so I sat at the bar. I went what felt like almost 10 minutes before I was acknowledged. That's when OJ saw me and took care of me right away. OJ was great from that point on. No complaints and he had a great attitude. I was trying to decide between the prime rib, filet, or rib eye (based upon yelp reviews). One of the other bartenders told me the ribs were good, his choice would be the filet, but most people come here for the rib eye. I wasn't in the rib mood, I wanted a steak. A good steak. So I figured if people come here for the rib eye, it's gotta be good. I ordered the rib eye medium with a blue cheese crust and loaded mashed potatoes as my side. Ok, let's critique the food... All steaks come with the endless bowl of salad. Eh... ok, they mix it in front of you which is nice for presentation but I seriously lacks on quality and flavor. I've had better salads at a ton of other restaurants. It was edible, but I didn't even want to finish one bowl of the salad let alone have it be an endless bowl. The rolls with the cinnamon butter. Bangin! The rolls were some of the best yeast rolls I've had and usually I'm not a fan of cinnamon butter, but this was stupid good. The yelp reviews were right on this one. Now for the rib eye and loaded mashed potatoes. Good sized steak and it looked good. I was so hungry I dove right in and the first couple of bites melted in my mouth. Great steak. But then I realized it didn't have the blue cheese crust on it. Brought it to the attention of the other bartender (not OJ, but the one I ordered from), and he apologized and offered to have them put in on and finish it with the blue cheese crust. I thought yeah why not, big mistake. When the female bartender brought it back out, it wasn't a "blur cheese crust", it was topped with pieces of blue cheese. Not only that, but it was tougher than when it came out the first time and the melt in your mouth texture was gone. Now, I've been in the service industry. It could have been that the bartender didn't put the order in correctly, or the kitchen missed it, etc. The bottom line is the steak did NOT live up to its expectations and the mistake cost this place at least a full star. The loaded mashed potatoes - I know people like their potatoes lumpy, I'm one that's not too big on texture but need taste in my potatoes. When I started eating them, I thought they were above average. When I order mashed potatoes, I don't want chunks of potatoes in there. Lumpy is fine, chunks are not. I came across two chunks of potatoes. The bacon is more like chucks of underseasoned pork. Maybe they're trying to compensate for the salt overload by the other ingredients, but the chunks of underseasoned pork didn't cut it. They weren't horrible and had a good garlic taste to them. But I can't bring them up any higher than above average. All in all, I'd come back as I said because of the lack of options and the reasonable price (almost all steaks are under $20) but I would try the filet next time and possibly a different side. I'd also order an addition to my steak again, possibly blue cheese crust, not crumbles to see if they can get it right.
Never disappointed with my meal. I'm not a steak person, so my constant go to meal here is the grilled salmon. Always tender and juicy (too bad I can't get it this way at home). Their salad is a great filler so go easy if you really want to enjoy your main course. Never can get to dessert because I'm too full, one day, one day......
Used to love Mannys. Still do butt sadly seems with it's growing popularity it's losing some of what made it so amazing and popular. The hour wait was worth it. Sadly a wait of more then 15 minutes just makes you want to find other places to eat. A recent remold has only made a small dent into there lack of waiting area. Mostly you huddle around a bar dodge your way from people trying to make way to their table or the restrooms. So you are forced outside. Not a great place to be in a Florida summer. Seeing average age of the guest is in their 60's durning the daylight hours doesn't bold well. Last two visits left an impression of being to over whelmed to hold up to what they once where. One visit the steaks we ordered just where lacking in that special taste or flavor that they once had. One would want a steak to stand out and be an experience that would dazzle the taste buds. And the last visit was left with out evening seating down. Hours start at 4 but clearly that is a guideline. And with a packed dinning room all ready at 4:10 and well into their meals seemed that was the case. Also when you have half your menu not available. And it's just the beginning of the week makes you wonder where quality control to a once great place.
So this was out first experience at Manny's and it was great! We definitely recommend calling ahead because they are usually always busy. The yeast rolls and cinnamon butter were freaking awesome and the salad wasn't bad either. We got the Bacon Big Cheeseburger with fries, and both were just average. Nothing too special. But, we also got the special that is going on right now: 8oz Sirlion Steak and Stuffed Flounder with Garlic Mashed Potatoes for $14.95. It was so freaking delectable. So good. The steak was great tasting and it was very well done, and the mashed potatoes went very well with it. I can't even explain the Flounder; it was like taking a bite of heaven. So overall, great! And shoutout to Jamaal who was a fantastic server. He is the man.
This place is amazing! Very friendly staff and great food! If you go here, you MUST order a steak!!! This is the best steak i have ever had by far!!!! I would definitely come back here again and again!!! Baked potatoes are great too!
We had heard great things about this place, and it just didn't hold up to it's reputation. Our server, Dave, was super nice and provided great service, which is why I gave 3 stars instead of 2. But the food...the only thing hat was good about the salad was Dave who was able to show off his muscles while he mixed the salad at our table. The Mozzarella sticks were the basic cheese sticks you can buy in the freezer section at Walmart with a sauce that probably came out of a bucket with some parsley on top to try and make it looks classy.  The cinnamon butter was REALLY good, but the rolls are F.L.A.T. We both got the Manny's Sirloin Med Rare, and they both were more close to a Med than a Rare, and I had WAY too much fat on mine. The garlic smashed potatoes were nothing but garlic (definitely don't have I worry about any vampires tonight), and then once again that parsley on top. Again, service was great, but to consider yourself as a local steakhouse chain that prides themselves on their steak, my steaks at Logan's and Longhorn Steakhouse were much better.
Another 5-star experience at Manny's!! I wish I could give a 6th star for the fantastic service by George H - thanks! This time we had steaks, and I was totally thrilled. Perfectly seasoned, expertly cooked, high-quality meat. I think that $17 Ribeye could hold it's own against any of the $45 steaks I've eaten. It probably even topped a few of them AND it came with a side and a salad. Pretty great wine deals, too. I love you, Manny's! See you soon!!
We went to Manny's as a result of a friend's recommendation.  Driving up right before the evening dinner rush, there were a lot of other diners coming in and out and the restaurant was pretty busy.  Though this place doesn't take reservations, you can call ahead and leave your name and party size so  they can plan to seat you once you arrive - this is what we did and we were seated within minutes of arriving.  The interior of this restaurant is really cool - kind of a Cracker Barrel meets old gas station style.  Lots to look at and there were flat screen tvs playing the days news and the US Open matches.  Once we were seated we noticed that our table had a little wobble so we asked to be seated elsewhere.  We were accommodated without hesitation.  Once seated, our server, of the very friendly variety, took our drink order (which was two for one) and our appetizer order.  The onion rings sounded good so we ordered a full size serving.  HOLY JEEZ!  Now, myself and my dinner mate are reasonably good eaters, but the appetizer serving was HUMONGOUS! The onion rings were perfectly fried and the accompanying dipping sauce was tasty with a horse radish kick.  Fantastic way to start the meal.  I ordered a rum and coke and my dinner mate ordered a non alcoholic beverage.  The drinks were quite good - not too weak but not too strong.  Next, we placed our order - 12 ounce sirloin steaks with loaded baked potatoes.  I like my steaks medium rare and that is exactly the way I received it... easy to cut and quite tender.  I would suggest you dig into your potato cautiously as they arrive quite hot.  I nearly burned the roof of my mouth!  But the meal was very, very enjoyable.  The atmosphere is not pretentious and though there were a lot of other diners, it wasn't too loud.  I should also mention that we ordered their house salad which arrives in a big serving bowl and unmixed, allowing diners the opportunity to serve themselves preferred portions.  Very tasty house dressing.  Also, there is a serving of soft bread that comes with the meal with an accompanying cinnamon butter... delightful!  The meal was a wonderful experience.  There was no way on earth that we were going to be able to eat everything on our plates... so we requested to-go boxes.  To our surprise, our server asked us if we would like a fresh house salad to go... WHAT?!  Heck yeah!  She brought us a freshly made salad in a generously sized to-go box.  How cool is that!?  Our total dining bill came to $38.00, which, when you include beverages and serving sizes, was quite reasonable.  We left a 25% tip as a result.  I believe when you receive spectacular service, you should tip generously.  Good servers work their butts off...!   So, if you're looking for a place that has good steaks, great staff and a cool and engaging interior, look no further.  This place offers an unpretentious, fun dining experience at a great price.  We will most certainly return.
As far as steakhouses go, I do not recommend Manny's.  Porterhouse, Ribeye, and Sirloin all came out warm, not hot and chewy.  Prepared Medium Rare, Rare, and Medium and they just weren't quite right.  Don't even know how to explain it - felt like we were in one of those Walmart commercials where they serve up a Walmart cut in a restaurant and surprise people when they tell them. Salad, wings and rolls were good.  Skip the chips and salsa if you ignore my review and come here anyway.
Be ready to wait. Possibly forever to get a table. Then. Enjoy the best steak you've ever had! This place is as amazing as advertised. Great great great food! Decent prices for steak, cool ambience. The staff is hit or miss, which I can't fault, once you go and see the madness you understand why sometimes they forget or are a bit short. Only downfall is no matter what night, what time you will wait. Calling ahead shortens your wait time but not by much. Anywhere from 30 min to 2 1/2 hours! Sometimes it's worth it. Never had a bad meal, steak, fajitas, seafood, appetizers, the place is awesome!
3.5 stars As a total Foodie I have high expectations. I   Do recommend this place under a couple circumstances. 1. Even with call ahead seating. Not sure if it really matters much. Be patient you will e waiting a long time anyways! 2. Hit or miss customer service.  You will either have a amazing server. Or one that looks like he was messed up by mike Tyson! 3. Food. The menu selection is great, priced good, and tasty!  But it's really nothing special enough to wait hours for. Endless salad bowl is good. But I recommend you mix it and serve yourself it instead of them doing it for you. Trust me :) The bread and sweet cinnamon butter is excellent. 4. Do not go on two for one fajita night. 5 over all the atmosphere is fun and the place is decent.  I would check it out. As for returning. Once in a blue moon is good enough for me.
Awesome food!  My favorite restaurant.  Call ahead for seating or you'll be waiting a long time as the place gets super packed.  Best rolls, best salad.  I've been there several times and never ordered anything that wasn't good.  I recommend this place to everyone.
Stopped in after a trip to legoland.  Food portions were generous and well prepared.  The staff was friendly and accommodating of our kids specials requests.  Would definitely come back on our next trip.
Get here and be prepared to wait, I know why every one is willing to wait, the steaks are awesome.  I have been to Morton's and capitol grill, Ruth's Chris this place is as good or better. The salad is great and bottomless, beer is ice cold and reasonably priced.  The only place I could see I improving would be to make the restaurant bigger. A must visit if your in central Florida west of Disney!
I go to Manny's every time I make it back to Central FL. This is hands down the best steak deal I've ever seen in my entire life, and we're not just talking cheap sirloins for 7 bucks, Vegas-Style. These are aged, massive filets, baked potatoes the size of an infant, all you can eat salads, and incredible yeast rolls with paper cups of delicious apple-butter. If you can make it in early they also feature the best 2 for 1 deal in the are on drinks (ALL the drinks). I'm literally salivating as I type this.
INCREDIBLE! Yes I know that is yelling in the cyber-world and Manny's is absolutely INCREDIBLE! On my first visit I had the ribs. I consider myself a connoisseur of ribs. I was not blown away by the ribs and didn't plan on coming back. My friend invited me to have just a bite of his steak; it was INCREDIBLE! I was back the next night with my wife. I didn't need a menu. Give me the rib-eye cooked to medium with a loaded baked potato. INCREDIBLE! It is a loooooooooooonnnnnnngggggg wait every time that I go. We hit Manny's at least once a month. Do the call ahead seating to minimize your waiting time. I took my son to celebrate his new job. I told the server that it was a special occasion and she gave my son a complimentary brownie sundae. This was not a little-bitty sundae. Godzilla would've choked on this dessert. What a nice touch! The salad is so home-style and tasty. The yeast rolls are amazing when fresh from the oven. Yum-Yum! Recently I took a friend and both of our steaks came out cooked incorrectly. I notified the server and she immediately took them back and brought new, freshly cooked steaks that were perfectly cooked. Then she gave us complimentary dessert for the inconvenience. Went to Manny's last week. Even with call ahead seating there was a 90 minute wait. This is not a complaint. You have to realize that if people are willing to wait this long that the food must be INCREDIBLE! The meal value is excellent. Did I say that Manny's is INCREDIBLE!
Ordered a Corona w/my steak - came out w/out a lime & when I requested 1 from our really nice server, he informed me that they didn't have any because they "were too expensive"???? Do me a favor next time & lie 2 me & tell me you ran out. I'm dropping $200 & you can't spring for a lime???? Ridiculous & insulting. That aside .... Great service & an OUTSTANDING meal!!
This is the place to come into! I was in lake Hamilton for the night at the Pilot Truck-stop, and found this place thorough Yelp and the recommendation of the waitress at the local Denny's. the choices were Sonny's Barbecue or here at Manny's Chop House! Well the choice of the Chop House was the best. The atmosphere in here is off the wall, I sat at the bar because it w so busy and I was not one to take up a table! Drinks were made to perfection by (JC) at the bar and dinner was ordered. As I had been eating short out of the truck for the last three days I decided to treat myself. I ordered the Rack of Lamb(in season) with baked Sweet Potato and a salad. The salad was done right there at the bar, great mix of greens and dressing. The Lamb came and was just as described. Cooked perfect served with the proverbial mint jelly(ewe!) and a nicely down baked sweet tater. I think if you are a visitor to the Orlando area then give Manny's Chop House a Try! You wot be disappointed, BTW I think kids eat free on Mondays . Also you might wan to call ahead for seating. Cost $$-$ Depends on how much you want to go. Thank you to JC, at the bar and his wonderful wife, for  great time to a passing truck driver.
Such a BIG disappointment.  Over cooked steaks. Watery salad Zach was a great waiter but could not keep up with the kitchen mistakes.  4 of us had steaks overcooked and one took so long coming back we were all done eating and ready to leave before she received hers. It was very busy but 2 other tables were sending theirs back so it is double to triple the work for the wait staff. Guys we are not picky but if a steakhouse cannot tell the feel of a well well done compared to a medium they need a new cook. The steaks were bland at least add salt and pepper.
Service was great!  Food was. ...eh...sub par. Not worth the wait.  Tasted note line an Applebee's,  lol
Absolutely love Manny's and never miss going there when I'm in the area.  Fun, lively environment.  The salad and rolls are to die for.  You've never had anything like these rolls,  believe me.  Really yeasty and light, sweetish, and served with cinnamon butter that is completely unnecessary and wonderful.  Honestly, I would happily come just for these.  Entrees we've had are coconut shrimp, onion crusted salmon, fajitas, burgers... all great.  The only things we didn't love were the black beans and rice and the lax service on today's visit (George).  But we have also had blow me away service (Kimberly) so that seems variable.  All in all, a can't miss place.
Five stars all the way...the porterhouse steak was amazing Kathy the server was great all around great can't wait to go back
Always great food, fast service and good value.  Another great experience with friends tonight. Always miss this place when we return north for the summer.
This is by far an amazing place. Zach is an amazing server. Manny's Sirloin was simply delicious with the black beans and rice. I can't wait to return to this local spot.
Not what I was expecting. The wait was long even though we called ahead to put our name on the list (only 2 people). But the atmosphere is neat and the wait ends up being interesting to look at all the stuff on the walls. The baked potato soup was really more of a warm potato salad it was so thick and chunky. My sirloin was really overcooked and my side of vegetables was super bland. The rolls were probably the best part of my meal. The staff is friendly but definitely looking to flip the tables. We got our appetizers and entrees within 3 min of each other. How are you supposed to eat the app and not let the entree get cold? Probably won't be returning unless one of my friends that claims to loves the place forces me to.
Main Tips: Call ahead (they don't take reservations) Order a steak Talk to people while you are waiting Enjoy their HH from 4-7pm This place is CRAZY! I kept hearing about this hidden gem in Haines City from my friends who used to live around the corner from it. I wasn't exactly sold on the 45 minute drive from Orlando just to go to a steakhouse that is only open for dinner and apparently packed constantly. Even if it does have HH BOGO anything you want to drink. Well, I kept hearing about it from Yelpers and others and Monday night thought, why not, let's go! We called ahead at 5pm and they gave us a seating time of 6:30, perfect. Well when we got there, it was PACKED and apparently it always is. I mean it was a Monday night and the walk up wait was 75 minutes. We had to wait an additional 45 minutes but we threw back some drinks outside while we waited. I have to say, waiting for a table and just chatting with all the different families and others waiting was an experience in and of itself. For drinks I went with the margarita and it was pretty good! I mean I had 5 of them =) I also tried some mango drink as well which was delicious but very filling. When we were finally seated we ended up with a less than favorable server but I am not sure how you could keep your head straight in a place that is packed from wall to wall nightly so I had to give him props for just being there. We started with the endless house salad and piping hot honey rolls. The salad is regular iceberg lettuce with some tomatoes, egg, peppers etc but it is drenched in the house Ranch/Garlic creamy dressing. I was hesitant at first since I am not a ranch fan but this was delicious and I had two plates. The cinnamon butter for the rolls was okay, I am not really a huge cinnamon fan. But the rolls were delicious. I went with the small 7 oz filet and a baked sweet potato for dinner. I requested my filet done medium but it was more medium-well but it was still flavorful and delicious. The baked sweet potato was huge and also came with the cinnamon butter and was pretty good. Overall, I think this is more of an experience place than a go-to for food. However, I am looking forward to going back and hopefully arriving when they open so we can take advantage of that amazing HH.
Matt the bartender was awesome! Great drinks for happy hour as well!! George Hatzi us truly am attentive am awesome server, and I would definitely recommend coming here. Great food, great huge portions, and great people
Stopped on a road trip with my husband, Rhett. We were blown away by the food experience. I enjoyed Manny's Favorite and my husband was still raving about the slow cooked prime rib sandwich the following day. We sat at the bar, which is first come first serve, and had a great experience.
Foodie Nirvana. We live 4 minutes from Manny's and are regular patrons. Here's the lowdown  .... Call 90 minutes ahead.  and give them a specific arrival time. You may still end up waiting but some of the adventure is chatting with others holding that pager like it was a ticket to heaven. This place is loud, busy and an assualt on the senses. The decor is intended to entertail and amuse (just like Hodad's in San Diego) Let the server guide your selection. Give them a general idea of what you like and you will be advised as to what they reccommend. This is a busy place and handles a great volume with an ease that reminds one of how Disney handles massive people on a regular basis. This is a steak joint ... a meat and potato person will be very happy here. Do not order an appetizer. There is too much food arriving soon. Snowbirds increase the crowd volume November thru March. It's worth the trip.
Before you make fun of me for ordering off the Early Bird menu both days we ate here (in a row) please let me remind you that they have 2 for 1 Happy Hour drink specials during this same time.  So, yes, I may be knee deep in senior citizens, but I also have a margarita in each hand! Plus, with Manny's, you need to be there, in line, as close to 4pm as possible (they open at 4pm) or else you will be waiting for at least an hour later in the evening.  At least.  Even on weekdays.  Yes, I'm not fooling. Our first time, I got the 8oz Sirloin and the biggest pile of freshly steamed broccoli, and Ken got the Prime Rib and fries.  Our second time, I tried the Shrimp and Crab stuffed Grouper with a huge, loaded baked potato, and Ken got the NY Strip (not on the Early Bird menu).  The Grouper was a star, but all the mains were delicious (prime rib was a tad bland). All meals come with unlimited sweet yeasty rolls (with the cinnamony-est cinnamon butter I've ever had the pleasure to know) and unlimited salad.  Their salad is loaded with cheese, eggs, croutons, cukes, onions and the freshest, zestiest pepperoncini peppers.  They bring a huge bowl to the table (so ask for stuff everyone doesn't like on the side), and they toss it with their house garlic ranch dressing.  Addictive!
We found the mother load! The trifecta! The triple threat! The perfect family restaurant experience that all came together through their service, food, and experience. And you are not going to believe where we found it. Try Haines City, Florida. Tucked away off Highway 27, Manny's Original Chophouse was a pleasant surprise after a long, hot & sweaty day at LEGOLAND. We discovered Manny's almost by accident. As we were leaving LEGOLAND, we stopped at the Tourist Booth at the exit of the park. I told the young lady we were looking for a kid-friendly restaurant that wouldn't mind us by our dress. She mentioned several ones in the area and on our way home - Manny's was one of them. And since they also had kids eat free (Mondays and Tuesdays), we thought we'd give it a try. We arrived by about 6 o'clock, and even despite the rain and it being a Monday night, they were already on a wait. It was short enough though, about 20-25 minutes so we waited and enjoyed a couple of well-deserved happy hour beers. Looking around the décor was fun - old gas station signs, hubcaps, and street signs; plenty going on for the kids to look at. And there was energy in the place amongst the guests and the servers - it appears as though people were having a good time. I couldn't wait to sit down. We were seated within the quoted time and greeted by a very friendly, and smiling young lady named Lynell. We were able to remember her name because she wrote it on the paper table cover along with the name of her manager, Jen, in case we needed anything. I was stunned! In all the restaurants I've been too, I have never been offered the manager's name when I was greeted. Nice touch! Lynell shared with us her recommendations, as we had never been there before, and we quickly took her up on them - ribs and a rib eye steak. My daughter ordered the steak medallions and mashed potatoes from the kids menu and my son ordered the kids pizza with a side of vegetables. A few minutes later Lynell came back and tossed a house salad tableside for us to share along with a side of warm buns and cinnamon butter. The dressing on the salad was my best guest, a house ranch, made fresh. It was amazing. And the warm buns with the cinnamon butter were like cheating - having dessert before dinner. The food arrived in perfect time, as we were finishing our salad. And oh my goodness, I cannot describe to you in words how amazing this rib eye was. Ever been to melt-in-your-mouth, amazing meat heaven? If not, you need to go to Manny's and have this rib eye. I have cut way back on my red meat intake because it doesn't always agree with me, but I would make the 45 minute drive back to Manny's to have this rib eye ANY day of the week - kids eat free or not! The ribs were fabulous too; fall-off the bone tender and full of mouth-watering bar-b-que flavor, but that steak was like none I have ever had before. The kids were happy with theirs too, eating just about every last bite, but I would probably let them choose an entrée from the adults menu and split it. They both like items with bolder flavor like the steak we enjoyed and they both started with bites of our salad and ended up having plates of their own. Lynell, our server, was on the ball! Her recommendations were spot on, her smile was warm and genuine, and her timing couldn't have been better. She is the example of what servers all over this fine nation should be doing and she can be found at this fine little chophouse in sweet little Haines City.
British people who I refer to as "pips" ( you know because of the "pip-pip cheerio time to take tea whilst wearing our fascinstors darling" stereotype i choose to hold) love this place like seriously they line up an hour early to eat here and I have seen reviews that they've written in guest books they go crazy but they go crazy because In England there is mad cow and also meat is huge money in England. Here you're pretty much guaranteed safe me and also two people can have a gluttonous amount of fajitas for $10 (on Wednesday). So they get a safe novelty at a low price for them. Now for me it safe it's good it's by my house well priced but its just like any other steak chain. They could add a little bit more in the way for locals as far as variety but I understand they don't because they've got those British dollars coming in. Still it's a good safe back if I don't want to drive
This is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. It says a lot about a place when, on a Monday night, you have to call ahead and they quote you an hour wait time and then when you arrive you still have to wait 30 minutes...ON A MONDAY!!  But let me tell you, it is totally worth the wait!!! The servers are excellent and they have an amazing skill!!  When they come to your table, they let you know their name and the Manager on Duty....by writing it upside down on your table!!  With crayons!!   Service is always fast, food is delicious, and it is priced excellently! The salad and rolls are amazing!  They toss the salad tableside from a big silver bowl and it has a delicious creamy dressing!!  The yeast rolls are served with a side of cinnamon butter!  How to describe the butter...my friend asks for extra to eat plain...tastes like frosting!  NO JOKE!  So tasty!! I had the same idea as you Jen P.!!  I always order the Porterhouse, and why not...it is 2 dollars more than the Filet, and you get so much food!!  Loaded potato to accompany is always a great idea. Never really make it to dessert :-)  Well, to be honest, never really make it much through dinner!!  Always need a to-go box because i fill myself up with the salad and rolls. Overall, I love Manny's!  It is a perfect hometown, family restaurant!  Definitely will be the main reason I come back to Haines City once I move to Orlando in a month!!
I'm very much with the rest of the crowd on this one. On vacation in Orlando, we hit up Manny's based on the Yelp recommendations-- I found them to be well worth the wait (~30 minutes at 8:30 on a Sunday evening) I had the half-rack of ribs (well cooked, fall-off-the-bone) and 8 oz. sirloin. Both were very well seasoned and tasty. The wait staff was very pleasant. Prices were in the $14-$19 range on average, porterhouse ran around $20. The dressing in the bottomless salad bowl was very nice; and the rolls with cinnamon butter were outstanding. Highly recommended, and certainly miles above generic, overpriced tourist fare.
Beef was very good.......  However.......... I read all the reviews, and hesitantly decided to drive over to Manny's.  I'm going to split this into two sections........management and food.   Management: It was packed as we arrived at 5 pm yesterday evening.  I was told it would be 90 minutes and decided to wait.  My boy and I waited with two groups of folks and watched as they jumped all over the wait list, seating folks above and below our name.  I checked in with them, as I saw folks being seated who were farther down on the list.  At the two hour mark, I started pressing the issue.  Finally, we were seated.  They need to seriously overhaul their seating system. Food: The salad was terrible......in short, it was an iceberg lettuce mound with a decent dressing.  The bread was just ok, but the cinnamon butter was verrrrrrrry good.  That cinnamon butter could make a dried piece of crap taste good. The Rib-eye steak that I had is in my top 5 list of steaks that I've had.  My son's Ribs were ok, but nothing to write home about.  Lastly, I loved the ice tea.  All that said, I probably would not return, due to their customer management.  I think they have to get that under control.
Fun, if over the top vibe.  Affordable. Great for kids.  Food is straight forward but well executed.  Rolls are piping hot.  Salads are nothing fancy, but were refreshing and tasty.  Best tasting steak?  Not even close, but tasted good enough.  Had a blast with the family after a long day with the mouse.
I tried this place based on the reviews on Yelp.   They are true!  Great food, great service, long wait, loud and very busy.  We waited 40 minutes on a Sunday night.. I had the 14 oz rib eye, and it was cooked to perfection.  The endless salad was great, the house dressing very tasty. I will be heading back to this restaurant on my next trip to the area.
Can you say CRAZY BUSY!!! 2 hour wait, which I'm told is typical and they do not take reservations. It's was a nice one time novelty thing to say "been there done that". The food wasn't bad but after waiting so long I was ready to eat my hand. Sprinkle a little salt on it and I'm sure it would taste good too. The 50`s theme was interesting and checking out all the nostalgia helped to pass a little time.
I have to agree with Kelly W on this one... She took us here a week ago and I have been asking ever since to go back and we live an hour away! We called ahead for seating, still had to wait a while but I tell you what, that does not at all take away any stars.... We sat down, 4 adults and one toddler. The toddler was quite hungry and they brought out our yeast rolls right away for us! The table is covered in paper so it was fun for all of us to color on :) I decided to go for the 24 oz porterhouse...I mean at 20.00 why not! Unbelievable price for it! We got our huge and quite yummy (and refillable) salad. They make their own ranch dressing and mix it on, it was delicious. I liked that the server asked us before if we were all ok with all of the ingredients in the salad, thought that was very...thoughtful! So we all ate up rolls and salad while waiting for our food. The decor is definitely something to look at! I loved it! We got our enormous steaks with potato side. We got two kids meals for the baby for variety (and so we could have some). They were each only 3-4 dollars! So to stop myself from drooling, I will wrap this up... Some of the BEST steak I have had, no crazy spices on it to hide anything, just a pure, perfectly cooked, 24 oz medium rare porterhouse that was tasty all around. And on top of that it was so affordable!!! We WILL be back soon...really really really soon!
This place is legitimately one of the only things that Polk County has going for it. I don't eat steak. This is a steakhouse and I LOVE IT!!! All the servers are amazingly fantastic. It's a hard job keeping my table full of all you can eat salad and rolls, but somehow they do it. They have a phenomenal happy hour, 2 for 1's on everything. It's and easy way to pass the time away as you are waiting for a table, and trust me you will be waiting because everyone knows how legit this place is and they come from all over to enjoy it. My personal favorite entree is the stuffed grouper. It's grouper stuffed with shrimp and crab, delicious!! I love it when restaurants offer baked sweet potatoes and of course Manny's does, they never disappoint me. The decor is bizarre for how amazing the food is. If you close you're eyes and eat you would believe you were in some high class joint that serves hundred dollar dishes. But when you open your eyes you realize there are crayons on your table, and you have been coloring all evening. You look around the walls and the wallpapering is license plates, literally. Their outside decorations are hubcaps. You think a house salad is standard tasting wherever you go? You are wrong! I promise you, their house salad will be the best salad you will ever have. If you have less than a 3 hour drive there is no reason why you should eat at Manny's at least once a month.
If you've ever travelled outside of Haines City or Lake Wales, you would know what a good steak is all about. We ordered the Porterhouse. Although cooked to order, it was SOOOOO  bland.  Our waiter was slightly mentally delayed (trying to be politically correct here).  Salad dressing that everyone raves about was eh---.  Maybe, I'm just a food snob.  But that is my review of this high rated most waited chophouse (I hear people wait hours to eat her.  I would have been pissed off if I waited today). My humble opinion is, if you drive 20 minutes from this Manny's you'd get a  far better flavored steak.  Examples, Texas Cattle in Lakeland, The filet in Carrabbas at Winter Haven, Disney's California Grille (only 15 minutes away) & of course MoonFish in Orlando (maybe a 30 minute drive).   Save your time and money and go to a Sizzler!!!
I had a couple of Co-workers recommend this place and so we decided to meet up for dinner one night. Through the recommendation of my buddy we called ahead to have a table ready. When I arrived the hostess said we could be seated as soon as the whole party arrived, okay, no big deal. As promised we were seated right away once everyone arrived. Appetizer consisted of tasty melt in your mouth bread with cinnamon butter and a very good house salad. Apparently these are included with your meal and so I saw no need to order anything from the appetizer section on the menu. I had the super top with a loaded mash potato and the wife had the same with garlic mashed potatoes. The food was delicious and the steaks were cooked perfectly. Very tasty, no need for steak sauce here! I love the atmosphere! This place has a character of its own which is nice. The service was good and the food was delicious. Portions are plentiful so come hungry!
If you are going to Manny's, get the meat!  I personally recommend the Cowboy steak.  I think you get a pound of steak and sides for under $17! So I will start by saying that we found Manny's by accident one night on our way home from Legoland, and have been back twice since.  This is definitely a hidden gem in Haines City.   The food, service and atmosphere are great. All means come with all you can eat hot bread, and salad..yum!  I would recommend getting the beef...  On my second visit, I ordered the stuffed grouper, and was not impressed.  I actually could not eat it.  It was mostly stuffed and very fishy. To save time..call ahead for seating.  It is usually a 30 plus minute wait.
First-timer Not sure where to begin.  On the way back from Legoland and looking for Sushi... well we ended up here after seeing the yelp reviews and the ranking a 4 star. I knew when we drove up that this place must be good because it was PACKED!  Magically we only waited about 3 minutes so that was really cool. I couldn't give this place what it really should be but its a 4.75.  The only noticeable change has to be with the waiters/waitress.  Ours was ok and I've had a lot worse but it could have been a weee bit better. Let me say... the salad with the dressing was a dinner by itself.  It was really good iceberg lettuce.  I'm not a fan of iceberg lettuce but the dressing, egg, carrots, pepper ... nice!  We had two full bowls since it was endless!!! I ordered the stuffed flounder and it was really good.  This is probably not one of those meals that you would take home b/c it might not taste good.  The portions at this place are really big.  The fish was easily enough for two of us. The steak (20oz porterhouse) was even better than the fish.  We only had two bites and decided to take the entire thing home to eat for dinner the next day.  It was full of flavor so I'm not sure what the other review was talking about. And yes, those little bread roles are soooo good with the Cinnamon butter. As for desert.. .how could you possibly have room?  We couldn't even eat the steak. Well if you do order it CAUTION the desert is like enough to feed 6 people.  The table behind us ordered it and it was the largest desert I'd seen at a restaurant.  I'm not exactly sure what it was but ti looked like a chocolate brownie (like a lot more than one), chocolate ice-cream that was 4 inches think, whip cream that is 4 inch and a cherry.  This thing was like a small watermelon. I would easily drive back again (1.5 hours) to eat at this place.... but I likely won't go back to legoland... not impressed. BTW, I don't see how the other places like Sonny's and T-bones can stay in business next to this place.
My boyfriend brought me here despite the fact that I don't eat meat... glad he did! This place is full of character! I recommend you call ahead and put your name down on the list, even with your name on the list, it's quite a wait. Our waitress was very friendly and fast! I loved the endless salad and rolls! For you non meat eaters (which I'm guessing in this area there aren't too many, I'm so CA I know) I recommend the teriyaki salmon! I had tons leftover, the portions are huge! (you definitely get your moneys worth!). Manny... I'm a fan ; )
This is a really. Nice place to go with family, nice service and affordable prices. I recommend the prime rib
Great food. Bad service. My first visit was my last. Called in advance, arrived 5:45 pm, waited for 58 mins, server got our order, after 45mins our server informed us that kitched misplaced our order. Had to wait another 40mins. We get to eat at 8pm. They were nice enough to offer free dessert. Another down side is the place too noisy. Great food, esp the steaks. We just order to go, and eat at home.
My wife and I ate at Manny's on a Thursday night and what a shock when we saw how crowded the place was. We waited about 35 minutes for a table which was quite surprising to me since the restaurant is in the middle of no where and September is the slow season. That being said, the wait was made more palatable because drinks are readily available from the bar while waiting. When seated we were greeted by our sever, George, who was both friendly and helpful (maybe overly attentive). The food was standard steakhouse fare and was well prepared and plentiful. Prices were very reasonable for the Orlando area. We both had rib eye steak, baked potatoes and endless salad. The fresh bread and cinnamon butter was excellent. I could have made a meal on the bread and salad alone. If I visit the orlando area in the future I'd defiantly eat here again. They do have a call ahead reservation service which I'd make sure to take advantage of. Good food, good service at an attractive price! What's not to like?
Manny's Chophouse is a local favorite and as all other reviews say, always, always busy.  Yes, you can do call ahead seating buy I've never had luck with that so I try and get a seat at the bar.  The steaks are good and reasonably priced and always cooked to the right temp. The rolls....fabulous.  I always tell myself I will just have one but that hasn't been sucessful thus far.  It's more like three!  The salad that comes with the meal is excellent also.  It's a very casual place.  I always bring out of town guests here.  Great break from the many chain restaurants in Orlando.
I've heard really great things about this place. I just moved to the davenport area and thought it would be good to try. Boy was I disappointed, and if this is what davenport has to offer I guess I'll be driving to orlando whenever I want a good dinner. The appetizer was sitting under a lamp and was discussing by the time we got it. The salad was huge which was nice that it comes with your meal. They didn't have the lobster so I got the steak and coconut shrimp, and my husband got the ribeye. The steaks were the only good thing about the whole meal. The mashed potatoes had a lot of garlic, so I didn't eat them. As we were enjoying our dinner their wait staff was cleaning a table and decided to turn the table next to ours into a dish pit. They had towers of dirty glasses and plates stacked on top of the table and then scrapped the plates onto the butcher block that they put on top of the table. I thought I was going to throw up. When our server came back I asked her if that was normal in the dining room she said no that they weren't suppose to do that, but didn't help clean anything or tell the bussers. We didn't eat another bite after seeing a pile of left over food next to us, and asked for our check. When I saw the manager I said something to him, I guess he knew I worked in hospitality by my lingo, and he's reply was I guess you were trained correctly!?!? Wtf? So you do nothing to fix the situation and then blame your staff and I guess yourself because you don't train your staff properly to know that dirty dishes belong in the dish room and not on a table stacked next to where guests are eating, wow!!!! If this is how their front of staff are trained how is the kitchen? I won't be back.
You just HAVE TO GO!. But CALL AHEAD, or else be ready to wait in line. It's THAT DARN GOOD!!!
Wow- What a find in the land of chain restaurants. Manny's was great! Steaks were awesome, price was right and the service was quick and friendly!
CALL AHEAD!!! I can't stress the importance of this enough as this place is packed most times, and extra crowded during the winter when the "snow birds" fly south for the winter. And now for the goods... I don't think you'll beat the quality of food for the price anywhere nearby. Surf and Turf (that's lobster and steak in case you're not familiar) for 20 bucks that actually tastes good and comes in a portion that fills you up!!! In Los Angeles people would think you were on crack for saying that, but Manny's pulls it off. The decor is fun, the food is tasty and the environment is laid back (and noisey, so don't plan on intimate conversation if you come here). I've never had butter and rolls like they make here. These things are the perfect blend, and well, that's all I'm gonna say about that. JUST TRY IT!!! The very tasty salad is made and mixed fresh right at your table, the drink service is ultra fast and the food arrives at your table before you know it. The service is friendly, prompt and very accommodating. Big parties or small, you won't be sorry.
The ribs were exceptional!  Also had the Sunday steak special, it was good but the ribs were better.
Local favorite , salad is my favorite, ribs are great, and love the sweet rolls with cinnamon butter. Never has a bad meal. A bit noisy, atmosphere is great and VERY busy all the time. So arrive early or call ahead to put your name on the list.
Wow if you want a really good steak this is the place to visit. I had the steak and lobster $20.00 this is a special for Friday and Sat. Go to the website to see more speicals. I was told the ribeye is the best steak there and my husband order it and it was very large and he said the steak was very good. Everything we had here was very good. You will need to call ahead before you show up if you dont you will have a hour to  two hour wait. We got there at 4:10 and they open up at 4:00 and they had a waiting list already started. Yum Yum I'm sure you will agree on this steak house. Not fancy more like a road house type but safe to take the kids or grandparents.
What is there to say?  If you have eaten at Manny's you know how good it is! It is a destination place for anyone that likes good food.  It's not fancy, but you won't be disappointed. When my sister visits from Miami it is a must on her list for Prime Rib. Personally, I love the ribs. If you hate waiting for a table then it is not the place to go, but......it's your loss!
I have to admit I was skeptical when I drove up to this place, it looked like a dirty hole in the wall. Boy was I wrong! The food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable. Not to mention the service was fast and friendly. My friends and I are already planning to make this one of our usual spots!
Visited Manny's Chophouse for the first time Saturday  for dinner with my sister and brother in law. WOW so glad we tried it and we now have a favorite place to go. They open at 4PM on Saturday's I highly suggest you call ahead and put your name on the list as they were packed at 5PM. Amazing food we started with a free appetizer for signing up on the website. We ordered the onion rings they were huge and so delicious came with a sauce that went perfect with them. Then cane the over sized salad bowl which was dressed with a garlic sauce. Scrumptious so good. The yeast rolls with the cinnamon butter what can I say OMG so soft and hot so so so good. I ordered the steak pieces 12 oz with mushrooms and onions that came on a sizzling plate and a over sized sweet potato with melting cinnamon butter, WOW where did they get such a huge potato? My sister had the Manny's sirloin steak 12 oz of tender goodness. My brother in law and my other half had the combo dish of 1/2 slab of ribs and 12 oz sirloin steak. We could have shared that one so much food all they could finish was the ribs as they fell off the bone so tender. My brother in law laughed as he barely touched the rib when the meat fell completely off the bone. To die for he said. We ended up taking home alot of our meals as we were full after eating the salad and onion rings. Oh I forgot to mention it was happy hour 2 for beers at 3.58. My meal was 12.99 and the combos a great price at 19.99. They have specials on certain days and kids always eat for free 10 and under. If you want a great meal with lots of food for your money go there its well worth it. LOVED MANNY"S!!!!
OK I can see that everyone else has given a 4 or 5 star review but I just can not bring myself to do that. I will start out by saying wow, they are busy!  Went in on a Thursday at 7 pm and still waited 30 minutes for a table. We had to squeeze ourselves into a corner at the bar just to get a drink and then take it outside to avoid someone bumping into us. Once seated though, we had an awesome server who was great all night even though she had alot of tables. The food........bread and salad were awesome! I could have eaten them all night. That's where the good stopped for me. I am a steak freak! I would eat it every night if I could! So I was super excited to have a really nice Fillet. So I ordered the bacon wrapped Fillet rare. I should have not gotten the bacon......due to me wanting my steak rare, the bacon was also rare.....gross! And while the inside was cooked to my perfection that taste left something to be desired. I am a flavor person and this steak had no flavor what so all. I have had better steaks at Chili's. I was disappointed to say the least. My husband also was not impressed. He had the stuffed grouper. While the fish was tender and good, the stuffing quickly turned into mush. He didn't even finish it which is rare for him. Because this is the only decent restaurant within 30 minutes of my home, I will try it again. But I can tell you that I will never again order a steak. I don't see the point in spending that much on a crappy steak. I will stick to the burgers and sandwich's from now on.
Great food and service. Looooong wait time tho.
We were taken to Manny's by a local relative who swore it was the best place in town.  Was he ever right!  Okay, so it was a bit crowded when we walked in but we had called in advance and were prepared for a bit of a wait.  We ordered some drinks and hung out by the bar until we were seated.  This place has a great atmosphere, casual and fun, with all sorts of random memorabilia all over the walls - just the thing that chain restaurants try (unsuccessfully) to imitate.  There was a fun crowd around the bar and the drinks were excellent. In addition the food was awesome.  Our waitress was super friendly and started us with a great salad that was tossed tableside - it had some garlicky, creamy dressing that I wanted to keep eating all night!  It came with some hot, fresh rolls and a sweet honey butter.  Deeelish!!  I'm not a huge carnivore, but on the orders of my host I tried prime rib for the first time.  It was good advice - I only got the 12 oz, and I couldn't nearly finish it!  It was delicious and came with au jus and some very good mashed potatoes - my only teeny gripe might be that the gravy on the potatoes was the white kind, more like a southern gravy and being a Northeasterner, I like my gravy brown.  No biggie though, I doctored it up with some au jus and the whole effect was quite satisfactory. There was absolutely no room for dessert, but I suspect they'd do a good job of that as well.  Maybe next time, because if I'm ever passing that way again, I'll be making a detour to this place for sure!!
If you like a fun happening atmosphere reminescent of T.G.I Fridays, food that will make you say "Wow" and a friendly wait staff, then Manny's is the place for you! Dinner tonight was amazing! We arrived just before 10PM and even though the place was jammed we were seated right away by a smiling hostess.  Right away I was impressed.  Cool music just audible over the buzz of happy people enjoying themselves at the bar, a short walk to a raised booth with a birds eye view of the dining room and it's bright, interesting decor.  Our server Steve was personable, attentive and a real treat to talk to.  The food was incredible!  Think mouthwatering shrimp and crab in a delicious cheese sauce casserole style, broiled scallops to die for, large juicy shrimp, REAL crab cakes (all crab, not a bunch of stuffing and filler), sirloin steak so juicy and tender you would have swore it was filet mignon.  It doesn't need steak sauce but try their very own vidella onion special steak sauce anyway, it is the best steak sauce I have ever tasted. If you try no other restaurant on your hard earned vacation, try Manny's!
All managers of local chain restaurants should be required to eat at Manny's so they could see how it is supposed to be done.  Then go back to work and implement what they experienced.  Knowledgable staff (thanks Lyndsey), quality food  properly cooked.  They totally get it here.  All the Baby Boomers will remember when every town had a "Manny's" like restaurant that made great food at reasonable prices.
This place was very good, my Father and I both had the rib eyes which were juicy and delicious, my brother had the coconut shrimp which were large and very good. The meals came with a salad and bread with a delicious cinnamon butter that turned that bread into cinnamon rolls, SO GOOD!! The frozen drinks were not strong but delicious and refreshing. Our server was super nice, attentive, and provided great recommendations. We did call ahead but still waited about 30 minutes, but we expected that and the atmosphere was great so we didn't mind. Definitely a go to place if your in the area. Check it out, just expect to wait a little bit.
Excellent restaurant! Every time we visit from out of town, we go here. Great service, delicious food, and definitely worth the hour + wait!!
Got to agree with Lucy and Todd....this place rocks!!!! It was like Cody's meets Texas Roadhouse!!!!!!!!! No line dancing here but there is so much on the walls to look at you don't miss it. I had the pork chops one pound portion. They were one of the best chops I have had. As good as Carsons in Chicago!!!! Bottomless salad and rolls were superb. First time I ever had garlic mashed  taters that tasted more of garlic than buttter. I really liked them. I will be back!!! Rock on Manny's !!!!!! Have call ahead seating.
My second trip outdid my first excellent experience. Salad was great and the ribeye was the star of the show. Left so full and satisfied a post eating nap was mandatory
It's not all that. I've been there a few times and its just ok. Steak is average, somehow they always manage to undercook it. I've sent mine back just about every time I was there. Salad is ok, nothing special. But the cinnamon butter is pretty good. But who goes to a steak house to eat bread and butter?
Great steak for the price two people eat there for 45.00 and so worth it!!!!
PHENOMENAL! I live in Casselberry (North of Orlando), and my wife and I come here once ever few months. The steaks are unbelievably delicious, the unlimited salad is to die for, the freshly baked, flaming hot yeast rolls with whipped cinnamon butter is worth the trip alone. All for less than $20. This place always has a wait of at least 1 hour, but if you do call ahead seating that will be cut down to about 15 minutes. If you're at Disney, do yourself a favor and drive the extra 20 minutes. I guarantee that you will thank me. Tip: If you go with a group of 8-11 people, your wait time will be cut down.
We have made the drive to Manny's from Clermont a few times and really feel like its worth the drive. The steaks are excellent, service excellent, atmosphere is fun. Excellent food and reasonable.
Great food, great atmosphere and great prices!!!salad, tolls with cinnamon butter, steaks, burgers, stuffed potato skins all wonderful!!
Very disappointed with Manny's. We went there before and it was excellent. Because it is very popular we booked ahead and were given a booking confirmation. When we arrived there and checked in we were told it was at least an 80, yes 80, minute wait. What was the point of booking ahead? We didn't wait.
Just spent 2 hrs at the most remarkable steakhouse around.. There were 14 people at our table, we all ordered in twos different dishes from the menu..  Brittany (our waitress) was exceptional, the food was delivered hot and prepared the way we each ordered it served at one time..  Wow, seems impossible.. The Management should be proud of their store and employees!! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!!
I don't understand why so many people love this place; if you ask me, you can get a MUCH better meal at Outback or LongHorn for LESS money!  The food is OK, but I've never had a steak OR chicken here that wasn't WAY overcooked & dry!  They even dry out their fajitas!  The best part about this restaurant is the unlimited house salad, which is DELICIOUS.  But nothing makes up for the huge crowds, long waits, & dry, tough meats served up here.
Make sure to ask for Marissa or Shannon. They are the best!
They open at approx. 4:00pm, but I recommend that you get there around 3:30 pm. That's about the time that people start lining up to get in.  The staff is very friendly, the 2 for 1 happy hour is great, atmosphere is like a constant party, and the food is very good.  We go at least once a week.  We love their Prime Rib and their Fajitas 2 for 1 special on Wednesdays.  Say hi to "JC " behind the bar - great bartender and manager.  As you can tell, by the star count, we love Mannys.
Always a great meal.  I enjoy the sirloin and stuffed grouper.  They also have amazing ribs and the sweet tea is great.  Happy hour runs from 4 to 7 and well drinks are 2 for 1.  Also all entrees come with endless salad.
Our friend recommended this place and it's actually near to our house - can't believe we never heard of it.  We called ahead on a Saturday night and glad we did, the wait was about an hour and a half.  The atmosphere is totally entertaining, lots to look at.  Unfortunately I wasn't really impressed with the food.  The flavors were extreme.  The sweet tea was super sweet.  The sweet butter was also too sweet for my taste.  The all you can eat salad had a nice variety of ingredients but was drowning in dressing.  On the other hand, my mashed potatoes and steak were bland.  The best thing of the night: the hot yummy dinner rolls.  Because the place is so cool, we will try Manny's again.
Can't miss this place between great food an great prices what's to not like. Remember Tuesday is kids eat free.  Make sure to get there early there is always a wait.
Wow!!! Great atmosphere!!! Freakinfantasticallyscrumptious food. Yeast rolls with brown sugar butter!!! Manny's garlic ranch is fabulous!! Should I even get back here...I will definetly be back here.
Holy crap!  The food you get for the price you pay makes for an unbeatable combination.  Call ahead before you get there, or you may be set adrift for some time before you get a table.
