Clean and neat, air conditioned dining area, with great barbecue menu, chicken, pulled pork, brisket, ribs. Our first visit while passing through area. Ordered the rib platter with potato salad and collard greens. The four large ribs were the best I ever ate. Cooked with just a dry rub blend of spices, they were moist and tender with the spices bringing out the great smokey flavor of the meat. The same was evident with the pulled pork. Our waitress was quick, convivial, informative and attentive, a real pro. We had always thought that another BBQ place that was in the area and is an iconic eatery that is only open in winter months had the best product. The three of us agree that Smokin' Jim's has the tenderest most flavorful meat we ever tasted. At the end of our meal we were discussing the idea of getting an order of ribs to take back to our fourth member who was not with us. The issue was that she is getting chemotherapy and can't eat more than a few bites and a full order would look more self serving as I would end up eating most of what be left over. Our waitress asked me if she could enjoy one rib. When I said yes, she went and brought us a container with one rib, two small containers of sauce and plastic eating utensils and told us it was a complimentary sample. Do you think I will be telling everyone I know about the best barbecue I ever had at the place with the nicest waitress ever? You can bank on it!
Not impressed. Heard great reviews locally, those people need to get out more. Will not return. I've had better BBQ at chain restaurants.
Smokin' Jim's came to polk state JDAlexander campus and their food is delicious. I had their shredded pork sandwich with the Carolina sauce it was cooked with and it tasted great just like that. My girlfriend added sweet barbeque and enjoyed it just as much. The sweet tea is also perfect. We will be visiting them in auburndale!
Wow! This place is fantastic. They really know how to make good BBQ and they have fantastic service! Upon entering we were greeted by the server who took our drink orders and offered my group and sample plate of all the meats they had which included, pulled pork, sliced pork, smoked turkey, ribs and brisket. They were all fantastic! I settled on the pulled pork and chose the beans and mac and cheese for my sides. Absolutely blown away by the meal, just perfect. I will absolutely return and enjoy the great food and service!
Brisket was a little dry and chewy,  the fries were limp.  The garlic bread was fine and baked beans were tasty but a little soupy.
BEST ribs I've EVER had! The first time you go, ask the waitress for a sampler plate. They will let you try ALL of their meats before you order. Saturday night is steak night and a must try for steak lovers. I am not a fan of the sweet BBQ sauce they use but that's personal preference. The macaroni & cheese is TERRIBLE, so I order anything but that for my sides, & all the other sides are yummy!
Today sucked. I had to drive almost 2 hours in order to take one photograph in Winter Haven. This was in addition to all of the other driving around and tasks that needed to be done. Not Happy, Party of One? Right here... On my way to Winter Haven I drove by Smokin Jims House of BBQ. I'd done this at least 10 times before today. Each time Id say to myself, "Self, we really need to stop by there one day." (The art of speaking to oneself comes in handy on long solo drives) Anyway, after the day I was having, it was decided between me and myself that Today would be the day I go to Jims. The front building is unassuming and part of the initial charm. You have to drive past it, into a walled area in order to park. It feels like entering a special carnivore club. I got out of my truck and walked past their smokehouse. The place where all the magic happens. Im still kicking myself for not getting a pic. I gathered my wits and walked inside the restaurant. It's very casual, picknicky even. There's writing on posts, personal pics on walls. It feels very family friendly and community oriented. The tables have everything you need. Paper towels, BBQ sauce, wet naps, plastic wear. That was convenient considering the waitress didn't seem to talk any more than she had to. No worries though, I wasn't there for smiles and witty conversation, I was there for Meat, Glorious BBQed Meat. I ordered the Rib lunch plate which came with two side. I got the mixed greens and the mac & cheese. Then the anticipation began. It had been a little while since I had ribs and I was pumped. The waitress brought my food and explained that there were two sauces on the table, one sweet bbq and one mild. Got it. Time to do work. The mixed greens: Very well flavored, cooked well, not over cooked. I liked them a lot. The mac & cheese: It was okay, not my favorite. It didn't have enough cheesey kick, a little light on the flavor for me. The ribs: Fall off the bone, flavorful, didn't even need sauce, slap someone in the face, most redonkulous ribs Ive had in a long time, Possibly Ever. I had to check myself at times to make sure I wasn't going caveman. Hunched back, grunting over the ribs, ready to bite someone if they came too close. If I lived closer, I would be here on a regular basis. Solid BBQ. If you live within 20 miles and haven't been here, shame on you. Shame on me for waiting so long.
My god. This was a religious experience. If Jesus wasn't Jewish he would eat at this glorious temple of pork. I've been all over the country and make a point of trying the local barbecue. Better than anything I've found in Texas, Tenessee, or North Carolina. Ribs are meaty and ridiculously tender...like piggy popcicles and the brisket is good enough to make a vegan's mouth water. Don't sit at home pulling your own pork. Come put this meat down your neck.
Outstanding!  My new favorite BBQ joint.  Too bad It's so far from my house.  You can tell when you pull in that this is the real deal.  I had the pulled pork plate with collards and Mac and cheese.  Their mild sauce (yellow bottle) is amazing.  Everything was fresh and home made.  Service was quick and courteous.
Dropped in with a group of 8 for a quick lunch during a softball tournament and could NOT have been more pleased! Service was attentive and friendly, food took no time at all and was some EXCELLENT BBQ. And we're from Georgia so we know good BBQ. Jim came over and chatted with us for a bit and was super friendly and made sure we were pleased with our experience. And we were impressed beyond expectations! If we're ever in the area again, this will definitely be a place we'd stop in again! Especially for the steak dinner!
All you can eat BBQ for under $10 with two sides and corn bread. Pretty good stuff too.
Love this place.  Every time we come to visit family, we get a bunch of BBQ to go and eat it at home. My favorites are the BBQ beef (bits of smoky brisket) and cole slaw, especially when combined, and their banana pudding (with slices of real banana, nilla wafers, and cool whip mixed in!) for dessert.  The mac and cheese is pretty good too. My husband LOVES their pulled pork. Loves.
Pulled Pork & Ribs rock!
Oh. My. God!!! I have NO problem saying that these are the BEAT ribs I've ever eaten!! The collards are what collards SHOULD be, and our server, Sara, ROCKS!!
Some of the beat BBQ around. I love Saturday steak night. The brisket is great and the chicken and ribs are great too. The side veggies are very good as well. Highly recommend.
being from texas i'm picky on bbq, these people have it right, go there and eat.  everything is great.   sorry had to yell. enjoy.
Small place, but great BBQ.  You have to walk past their smoke house to get to the door.  Smells great, even when just driving by.  I ordered the pulled pork.  Had a great smoked flavor.  A co-worker orders a slab of ribs; he devoured them and talked about how good they were for the rest of the day.  If you love smoked BBQ, this is your place.  It's small, not suitable for large groups.
My favorite BBQ anywhere, hands-down! I almost always order the AYCE Chicken for under $9 and I am never disappointed. They serve healthy, traditional southern side items, which all taste amazing...no fried foods here at all; I suggest the lima beans and blackeyed peas. Ribs are fall of the bone good and rarely ever need sauce. Saturdays are steak nights, cooked to order with a house secret sauce that'll leave you full but ready for the next steak night. This place is a can't miss!!
I dream about this place!! Smokin Jim's BBQ cannot be beat!  I travel a lot and have eaten a ton of BBQ in my time, but this is the best BY FAR!  We try to eat here a few times a week but would every day if we could!  Smokin Jim & staff rock!
Worst BBQ I ever ate the pork was dry even when they tried to drown it in the awful sauce that will teach me that once you have had BubbaChucks BBQ there is nothing better.
Great food, authentic barbecue, can't go wrong by eating here.
