Top quality barbeque! We tried a bit of everything - ribs, wings, chicken, pulled pork - even the sides were terrific. You know it's good when the meat doesn't come doused in sauce. They have homemade sauces to choose on the table and the extra spicy tucked away behind the counter. But honestly, it doesn't need much - this is the real deal! Appreciate that they have some kids plates though we just ordered a couple adult meals and shared. Cobbler was delicious. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. My only suggestion is to turn the TVs off unless it's a big game. It takes away from family/ table conversation.
These are baked ribs with good sauce.  Some people like it but nothing like old school smoked.  The sides were good.  The workers and management asked us about 5 times if we liked the ribs, OK but not my thing.  Next!
We were at Legoland for the day, down from Orlando theme parks. I was sick of theme park food and prices so I yelped nearby restaurants. Hog Heaven came up, being from Kansas City and loving BBQ we gave it a try. Oh my goodness... So good!! So so good. I had the sandwich which is a mixture of chopped pork and sausage. Holy smokes, the best BBQ sandwich EVER! It's genius. Plus they offer 5 different sauces. I loved them all. It was fun trying each one. The kids got a chopped pork sandwich from the kids meal, and it was a good price with good portions. Plus, it beats the price at Legoland. My hubby got a combo platter, and it was gone in seconds. The sides were even delish!! Kansas City can learn a thing or two from that pork and sausage sandwich... It was THAT good!! They are going to out grow their space soon. GO!!
I wanted to try something new and came to Yelp and seen the reviews for this rest. And thought I'll  give  it try. It not  having a menu on here,I figured I would cal in and someone would help me with the best deal on the items I wanted. I order BBQ chicken, baked beans (which a review on here said it was best in town), corn casserole and pecan pie.  Major disappointment, my boyfriend came back and said hope that high  food was worth it. I'm thinking it should be no more than like 12 dollars, he quickly said it was 16 dollars. I was in shock!  I open my plate and it did not look like a  $16 dollar plate. The chicken was under cook for my tasting, the baked beans taste like something you could of gotten from a can. Corn casserole was ok, honestly and the pie it was so so.
Love this place, small but very clean. Food was awesome. Wings were my favorite , best I ever had.... We had two of the three meat plants; ribs, chicken, wings on one and sausage, pork, more ribs everything was really delicious!!!! Must visits..... Will go back next year when we visit.
Loved this place!. I had "The Hog" which is a mix of chopped pork and smoked sausage. This sandwich was delicious.   I also had the bacon potato salad...oh my goodness...so flavorful without being overwhelmed with too many seasonings. The bread on each of our sandwiches was soft and so fresh.  There were multiple sauce flavors which made our whole group happy. If you're anywhere near this place you MUST try it out...don't forget the cornbread! Next visit I'm getting the ribs!
Excellent meal!  We were looking for a place to meet in Winter Haven, and wantecMd some place new. We were so not disappointed!  The sandwiches were great, as were the cheesy potatoes, the bacon-potato salad, and the cornbread. Service was quick, and the atmosphere was friendly and inviting. Excellent return on value for dollars without having to spend many dollars! :)
Certainly not cafeteria barbecue. It's a quaint little barbecue restaurant, that is very warm and welcoming on first arrival! The staff and owner were incredibly friendly, creating a wonderful family environment! It's got the checkered red table cloths and everything! Now onto the food. The food was certainly average. All they had available was pork in terms of meat. It was pretty good, lacked a little flavor and by the time we received it, it was barely lukewarm. The collard greens were very good in taste, slightly soupy I'm texture. The barbecue beans left you desiring something a little less sweet. Too much syrup or sugar. The cornbread was out of this world! Maybe earlier during the day the meal would have been slightly more satisfying, but for a seven o' clock dinner, it certainly left something to be desired. If you're looking to escape the droll of Sonny's or Woody's then go ahead and check this place out!
Great place to go after a day at Legoland. Ribs were awesome, and the original sauce is delicious. Owner was a really nice guy, and even offered my son an extra rib for free if he wanted more to eat.
We just happened up on this place and glad we did!!  My first visit I had the ribs and they were great!!  That being said, BBQ isn't just about the meat, it's also about the sauce.  They have five or more sauces ranging from sweet, sweet and spicy to hot, all of which were really good!!  Our second visit we ordered a family feast with chicken, chicken wings, sausage and shredded pork and all very good!!  The staff and owners are all very friendly!!  Food is cooked fresh daily!!  Finally Winter Haven has a BBQ restaurant that truly has that backyard BBQ taste!!
I'm not a huge meat eater, with that being said I normally order their chopped pork sandwich and it's stuffed full of meat with a soft and delicious bun it has yet to disappoint me. Honestly, I would come here for just their fresh sides and desserts if that were the only thing on the menu, namely the Corn Casserole and the Buttermilk Pecan Pie.  Yes, they are that GOOD! I've eaten here a number of times and wouldn't go anywhere else when I've got a hankering for BBQ.  I'm a southern gal, born and raised on sweet tea, corn bread, and fresh vegetables so this place is right up my alley, it's a refreshing change to most of the restaurants around town.  Nothing from a can, box, or freezer and you can taste it. The price is fair for the quality of food your getting, you'd spend the same amount if not more at a chain restaurant (where who knows what your getting).  The owners and staff are friendly and hospitable, I can't imagine anyone having a bad experience here.  Plus, for me, it feels good to support a local establishment who's doing it right and keeping it real.
A little taste of Heaven!!! We ordered a platter with wings, ribs, chopped pork, cheesy potatoes, greens and Cole slaw, enough for 10 people. The meats were cooked to perfection. They cook everything fresh daily and you can taste the difference. Thanks Randy and Jack for a fantastic meal.
I highly recommend this place. My entire family went there after a long day at LEGOLAND. The beef brisket and baked beans were so good! Ribs fell off the bone! Save room for dessert because the butter pecan pie hit the spot! A family friendly restaurant! All tips go to the HighSchool students who work there!! Awesome!
Ummm wow! The only thing that would've made our visit to HHSH better would've been enough time in our trip to visit again! Wow, wow, wow! My family and I were in town for my Mom's 80th birthday and out running errands.  We were hungry, jumped on Yelp and HHSH came up.  We walked in and immediately felt at home! Jack and Randy were engaging, welcoming and seemed genuinely glad we were there.  We ordered ribs, chicken wings and the pulled pork as our meats.  We ordered the Mustard Slaw, collards, mac 'n' cheese as our sides and were given samples of field peas (omg delish!!) and potato salad to try! I can't explain how delicious it all was and will certainly be back on every visit to Winter Haven!! Oh my goodness...how could I forget THE PEACH COBBLER?! Both my husband and I said it was some of the best we've ever had and we love cobbler! Thanks Jack and Randy! See you (not) soon (enough;)!! ps. one small thing we would add is a little spicier bbq sauce...we like hot so it's our preference...not a deal breaker, but something to consider.
Finally a place in Winter Haven to eat excellent BBQ. We tried the wings-super yummy! The ribs were so tender and had a great flavor!  The chicken breast was cooked perfectly.  For dessert we had Blackberry Cobbler.  It does not get any better than this!  Are you hungry yet? They make everything fresh, so if there is a particular item you are craving, you may want to call ahead first to make sure they still have it.
Best bbq in Winter Haven. The wings and ribs are great. I highly recommend the brunswick stew. I stumbled upon this place by chance and now go as often as possible. It's small inside but the size combined with the great personalities of the owners give it a family sort of feel. If you don't get the sweet tea you're going to miss out on a true Southern delight. The best part- they don't slop everything with sauce. They use rubs and each table has a selection of sauces to choose from. Don't let the strip mall location fool you. This is top rate bbq.
Casual in restaurant dining, great take out.  Fabulous wings, ribs with Randy's Rub as a unique flavor.  Jack's Brunswick stew was fabulous.  TV's on the wall for those that need to stay in touch with their football teams.  Family dining a must.
Incredible smoked BBQ. Ribs cooked perfect with a great rub.  Fantastic smoked wings.  The Brunswick stew is a must.  The pulled Pork is very tender.  4 choice of sauces all very good but the sweet and sassy was my favorite.  This place is a pleasant surprise in Winter Haven.
