It used to be that I would have to drive all the way to Orlando to get some Pho. Now I can get it right here and man is it good. The service is great, the owners are personable, and the prices are fair. The sushi is absolutely fresh and delicious I recommend the oceanic roll or the white hot if you can handle some jalapeño on your roll. I like a little kick! You definitely wouldn't expect to walk in to such a nice restaurant with nice decor judging on the outside but you should never judge a book by it's cover! This hole in the walk sushi and Asian fusion cuisine is delicious. Best Lo Main I've come across. Keep it up guys!
Based on Andrea T's review, the severe unprofessionalism and apparent total lack of humanity demonstrated by the owner/manager, I REFUSE to eat here! ...even with a shortage of good food in Winter Haven. I will keep patronizing the same few great places, that are run by people with morals.
I gotta admit I was a little nervous about this place but once I was inside I was more relaxed, very clean.  The service was excellent and the Pho was exceptional. The only thing I didn't care for was the ice tea. Pho needs to have a broth that stands on it's own and this doesn't disappoint. My wife's dish was = as good as mine. I didn't have Sushi but there were lots of rolls being made. I will 100% return.
Please see the picture I've attached from the restaurant. Since I could not expand on my explanation I will do so here. 1. Racist - are you kidding me?!?! My husband is Japanese and Chinese... So are our children!!! My husband was there with me as you can tell from my initial review. I was raised with a Korean culture... I'm by far racist. 2. We did not order a lot of food. We ordered a salad, the two piece Ikura, which I pronounced in Japanese because I respect the culture, and the vegetable udon which I literally took a couple bites of and left it at your table because it was horrible. 3. We went to the counter, prior to receiving a check, stood there. Your wife asked me what was wrong. I tried explaining. She did not understand. I asked your wife if she can read English because rather than sit there and explain, when there was a very clear language barrier issue, I thought it would be easier for her to read my yelp review. She called you over. That sir, is when YOU threw your employee under the bus to take full blame by calling her not smart, slow, explained you've had problems with her etc. We asked you how much we owed you. Several times. You said no, no, nothing. Profusely explaining your issues with your employee which after looking at other yelpers reviews they have remarked about poor service as well! If you'd like I'd be more than happy to return and pay you roughly $30-35, including the 40 minute udon soup. Had the server checked the table to refill drinks then she would have known. I even addressed the issue on the way to the restroom and asked her how much longer for the udon. She said "Oh it will  be out in a few minutes." That was midway through the wait, 20 minutes after my husbands food arrived, roughly 20 minutes later the udon came out therefore 40 minutes for the udon. 4. If your going to reply in such a manner to my review and if you thought your response was appropriate then why private message me and resort to name calling? Why not post it publicly? Hence, I attached a photo of your private message to your yelp. 5. Your lack of professionalism, first by degrading your employee to a customer and second by your private message to me, shows your character not mine. I have no problem with my yelp review and posting it for everyone to see. That is why yelp was created and it is better than the BBB, because business owners can not pay Yelp for a rating to be removed like they can with the BBB. Therefore, rather than call me what you did, maybe you should take that product (douche) and wash your mouth with it. 6. Jessi M. why do you keep PM'ing me? Seriously, any smart yelper is going to look at the reviews, see when your account was opened and realize you're not who you proclaim to be. You are in attack mode sir, business owner. Two accounts were opened to protest my review and sway your ratings by leaving 5 star reviews! Honestly, no "customer" is going to jump on your race card bandwagon and resort to PM'ing with name calling! Now, I feel sorry for your employee. If this is how you react to a customer then I can only imagine how you treat her! In the future, when you think your message is private, just understand that everything you send can be uploaded with a screenshot. Have a fantastic evening!
First of all, I am not a yelper, but when you decide to criticize a person's review, get your facts straight.  My wife and I went to Royal Asian Fusion because it had a yelp rating of 4.5 stars and had 19 reviews.  We figured that with those ratings, we would give it a try.  We looked forward to what was on the menu because of the variety of different dishes available.  We decided on ordering the Vegetable Udon Soup and the sashimi salad (I don't know the name of it off the top of my head).  While I stepped out, my wife ordered me the Ikura sushi.  At least 20 minutes into being there, I got the sashimi salad and the Ikura sushi. The place was not busy at all.  When my wife came back from the restroom after we had been there for approximately 30 minutes, she asked the waitress how long it was going to take to get her meal.  She noted that other people that came in after we sat down were getting their meals.  We waited probably approximately 10 more minutes and then I flagged the waitress and asked them how much longer for the Vegetable Udon Soup.  By this time, my wife was already upset and basically told the waitress that it was not acceptable that other people that got there after us getting their food.  So, basically, after approximately 45 minutes, we get the soup.  45 minutes for Vegetable Udon Soup?  Really??  Where did they go to get it?  Japan?  Yes, she wrote a review, but two people decide to criticize her.   Jessi M...  There were only two people there that really had any idea what was going on.  If you're going to write a review and criticize my wife, don't private message her and state things that nobody else would even know about unless they were there.  Therefore, you were either the guy that I assume is the owner / manager, the lady behind the counter, or a friend / family member of such person, which is against the review guidelines.  For those that could not read the uploaded  pic of the message my wife posted when she edited her review, here is what it said: Hi Andrea, Jessi M sent you a message on yelp:          Subject:  Ahem                "You didn't paid your bill...  and you were rude as hell.  No one believes your shitty review.  You ordered a lot of food, asked if one of the staff "speak English"...  wow you racist douche!" So, let's clear things up.  We went up to the counter to pay our bill, the lady behind the counter asked if everything was okay and my wife basically showed her what she yelped.  I did ask for the bill, twice.  The reason that we did not pay for the meal was because the guy I assume was the owner / manager muttered under his breath about go ahead and go and motioned for us to go ahead and leave and that the meal was on them.  So, C B, get your facts straight.   Now, if you consider ordering Vegetable Udon soup, the sashimi salad and an order of the Ikura sushi is a lot of food, then your entitled to your opinion.  My wife even offered to come back and pay for the meal in her review. Your comment about no one believes your shitty review, well, again, that's your opinion.  If that was the case, you wouldn't have had to write a review and have one of your friends / family member criticize my wife for her review and you wouldn't have private messaged her.   Calling her racist.  Seriously??  You're gonna use the race card?  She's married to an Asian, she's got a Chinese last name, she was raised in a Korean culture...  should I go on?  I don't know why you would even go there. She has blended into more cultures than you have and she is the last person to even consider to be racist...  YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF FOR THAT COMMENT!!    If anyone is racist, you should go look in the mirror.  Race has nothing to do with this. Now, C B...  Get the facts straight before you start criticizing.  YOU WEREN'T EVEN THERE!!  We did not dine and dash, as you call it.  I asked for the bill twice as I mentioned above.  My wife even offered to come down and pay for the meal in her review after Jessi M's private message to her even though she didn't eat the soup.  We are not that kind of people, so, get your facts straight.  You weren't even there, unless you were the guy I assume to be the owner / manager or the woman behind the counter, which according to the yelp review guidelines is not allowed.  Unfortunately, C B.  everything you say is all hearsay because like I said, You weren't even there.  So, my assumption is that the owner / manager asked you to write a review for him on something you have no knowledge about.  Way to boost the ratings!! So, in closing, be more professional and stop acting childish with the private and harassing messages. It is absolute nonsense and being Asian, I am tired of people like you using the race card. Jessie M.  how dare you bring race into this. Disgraceful....It is people like you that really complicate true racism. CB you are just along for the ride on your quest to improve your own self serving interest!
This place has great food and it has been several years since I first reviewed it and it keeps getting better and better. Last night I had my favorite sushi roll "oceanic" and a new dish of seared fish with spicy mango. So incredibly good!!! Healthy and delicious!
I was really impressed with this place!! I really loved their tempura, not greasy at all. Also, the curry was awesome. I was very surprised at how good everything I have had there is. I really like how floral the ginger dressing on the salad is and the sushi looks very fresh. I don't usually eat sushi but my dinner date loves sushi and said it is some of the highest quality sushi in town. Can't wait to go back!
If this was in a better location and was not drably, cafeteria-styled, it would get a 5.  Very fresh.  Just everything is outstanding.  Very friendly.  They do asian food.  What I mean is, it is Thai, Chinese, Japanese.  The fried food in Panko was not over-battered.  The sushi was not fishy. And the Chinese entres were not over-cooked.  My daughters come here often.  I'm certainly coming back.
Based on the reviews, my husband and I tried this restaurant yesterday. Upon entering, there was only one other couple (this was 11:45am) and we wondered "okay - lets stay and give it a try". By the time we left, an hour later, the place was packed. I ordered the Red Curry Shrimp - Spicy of course. Husband ordered the General Tao Chicken. Prices and portions were perfect for our retired budget. The friendly waitress noticed that my husband received the wrong order, however he didn't want to change as he was enjoying the "new order" so much. Upon checkout we were surprised with a To-Go Order of General Tao Chicken - no charge! Unbelievable in this day and age. But evidently not unbelievable for this restaurant. A group of 12 RED HAT LADIES came in and were received with no problem. Anxious to try the other entrees - we will return!
I just ate here tonight for the first time and I can't express how happy I am to have found this restaurant in Winter Haven. I'm always skeptical with fusion restaurants but they honestly do Chinese, Thai and Japanese extremely well. I had the Chinese Style Salt and Pepper Chicken, Thai Basil Chicken, and the Tempura Roll. Excellent flavor and huge portions. I wish my stomach was bigger so I could keep on eating. I'm actually anticipating my next hiccup so I can taste it again. :P I'm definitely going back as often as possible to try everything on the menu.
I've had a lot more, a lot better, for a lot less. My soda was like the sushi: tastless. Won't be back.
Terribly slow service. Sushi was decent, not great. They do not seem to have adequate staff.  The newspaper gave this restaurant 4.5 stars, and I was excited to try it. But all things considered, I will go to Tsunami for sushi.
I have been here twice now and cannot say enough good things about it. The food is delicious, huge portions for a reasonable price, and prompt, courteous staff (even though we have a habit of starting our dinner not long before their closing time). We've had the sushi both times and teriyaki chicken. Amazing. Just moving here from the San Diego area and I was worried I wouldn't find good Japanese food here, I found GREAT food! Cannot wait to return
The outside of the plaza does not do justice to the inside of Royal Asian Fusion, the food, staff and owners are wonderful helpful people.  The quality and prices are outstanding and they now offer PHO Beef and Chicken, it was wonderful.  In addition they are going to start opening on Sunday for Lunch Starting August 18th....Try this wonderful place...Quality, Price and Staff you can't beat it !....Stefan
The best Thai restaurant in town! Possibly the only. Unfortunately, Winter Haven doesn't seem to sustain cultural eateries. Let's hope his place makes it. It is kind of tucked away and doesn't look like much from the exterior. But when you enter you will not leave disappointed.
I've made 2 lunch-time trips to Royal Asian Fusion and both have been satisfactory but not stellar. They've only  been open for a few months, so I think they're still working out the kinks. My most recent meal was the Thai Basil lunch entree with veggies. The sauce was excellent in flavor though there was too much of it, and it was definitely not as spicy as I'd hoped. The veggies were amazingly fresh and perfectly cooked, and the quantity was just right for a lunch portion. My main complaint was that my miso soup arrived after my entree, which is really not acceptable. I like to eat my food piping hot, which is not possible when the soup comes late. The sushi chef was working hard during the lunch rush, and the sushi I saw going by looked lovely. That's what I'm getting next time!
Huge portion. Fresh food. Nice dining atmosphere. Very good service. Would have given 5 stars if the menu has more selections.
