Love Dino's.  Go there often and love everything.  One place you can get fried Chicken livers.  They are fantastic along with their cheeseburger basket.  Wide variety of food.  Something for everyone.  Kids meals are around $3.00 and 7 or 8 to choose from.  Go and try it you won't be disappointed.
Great food we always try to stop by when we are in the area visiting family. Try the BBQ sandwich it's great!!!
Best lunch available in that area. If you don't believe me, drive by the parking lot at noon. Wide range of choices on the more than wallet friendly menu. I got a gizzard dinner the other day and I received gizzards (which are heavenly and melt in ones mouth-if you're into gizzards you must try these),cole slaw, yellow rice, a big thing of fries and a roll for...$5.65 out the door! Great food but an even better value!
Maybe it was the long day in the sun and water, but we thought the food was fantastic.  Big menu: burgers, dogs, ribs, fried chicken (including gizzards) fried fish, fried oysters, fried clam strips, hush puppies, gyros, big variety of big salads, shakes, vanilla & cherry flavoring for sodas.   The owner is Greek.  The server we had was great!  She was very helpful and loves the food there herself.   Maybe not worth an out of the way drive for this, but if you are in the area and are considering eating at Sonic or Waffle House, don't.  Eat here.
Have driven by this place many times and it was always busy. Finally I just bit the bullet expecting to wait for a period. However from the time I parked ,ordered, recieved my order was less than 20 minutes. The food was excellent, service is from your car/vehicle was excellent. Friendly staff. Food is priced right, they do have call ahead ordering.. Try it out it is worth it! Dave Huntsman davehuntsmanonfire.com
Great food. Dino's Drive-in is a fun place to visit when I'm in the area. I like that they give you yellow rice as a side. I got a chili dog on my last visit and I don't know what they did to it, but it was great!
Old-school drive-in diner...
I've been going to DIno's for the last 24 years and every time (except once) I've ordered the same thing;  Large burger basket with rice and fries.  The burgers are grilled and has that nice grilled flavor to them.  The owners are Greek and they know how to make good food.  It's also a good value. The  aforementioned basket will get you a burger, fries and your choice of coleslaw or yellow rice for less than $4!  As apparent in the name of the place, it is an old style drive in.  A waitress will come to your vehicle, take your orders and come back with it on a tray that sits on your window.  You can also sit on one of the three outdoor benches of two indoor tables, but most sit in their vehicles.  The waitress will check on your every now and then to make sure everything is ok and if you need a refill.  Cash only.
Old style drive in where you eat in your car. Not much to look at but food is great and big portions. Been around forever.
I've always loved this place. It may not have shine and polish, and you have to eat in the car or outside, but the staff is friendly, the food is excellent, availability is insanely great, and the prices are cheap. Just the kids menu alone has about seven different options at least. I LOVE the gyro here, and that they offer both a chicken and lamb version. Their fries are just average, but the rest of their food I've had great. They even have fried mushrooms, lots of seafood, chicken dishes, different burgers. Really, it's amazing of the variety - add up plenty of options, good prices, yummy taste and friendliness, and it's one of my favorite places. Can't recommend enough. Unfortunately I live far from it so can only get up there ocassionally.
