This place puts just about every coastal seafood place I've tried to shame. You wouldn't think it, but wow...wow...and wow. I could only sum it up as someone really cares about the food they serve here. You know it's special when they make their own French fries. Monster flavor and freshness all around. Oysters Rockefeller knocked it out of the park for me personally. Yum! My wife mentioned that they were voted best burger in Polk County, too. I saw it and tried it, and yes, it's special. I'm willing to bet most items on their menu are that way, too. It's kind of an adventure getting there, but man, I'm telling you it's worth it. I wanted to be selfish, and not share a review but this place deserves it's due.
Doesn't look like much from the outside but don't judge the book by the cover. This place is a hidden gem. Great service, fresh seafood, and yummy deserts. The decor is very kitschy and cute. But it's very clean and the seafood is very fresh. I had the seafood salad.  It had plump, ripe, red tomatoes, red onions, calamari, delicious shrimp, and big succulent scallops.  The house dressing is oil and vinegar. Very healthy, but if your going for taste not health I'd go with a different dressing. My husband had the breaded cod and fries and enjoyed them For desert we split the Florida orange cake. I highly recommend it
The food is good and served with a smile. I had the grouper and it was just right I tasted the fried shrimp and it was very good. Been here several times and I will visit again when I am in Lake Wales.
Great food. Enjoyed the grouper, crab cakes and seafood linguini. Owner made us feel welcome. Service was prompt and good. Enjoyed the food and kitschy atmosphere.
This restaurant is a hidden gem. Has an open kitchen so you can easily see your food being cooked to order.  Even the fries and coleslaw are made from scratch. It is kid friendly with excellent menu options for the little ones.  The owner was so friendly and helpful letting me view some of the great food coming out of the kitchen.  I love the local feel of this place.  The service was excellent and as timely as it could be in a packed restaurant with a 20 minute wait time for a table (well worth every minute).  Great place to find fresh seafood.
We asked locals for a great seafood place. Everyone we asked suggested here. The food was wonderful as well as our wait staff. I would comeback anytime.
Superb staff and food to match!  Crazy decoration or maybe I'm easily entertained.. Lol.  Leaving satisfied!
I try Not to be in Lake Wales unless absolutely necessary. It's not a bad place, there just isn't a whole lot around. Except orange groves..... and I also hear there's a gigantic Tower. I had to come out today for work.  It just so happened to be pouring down rain, which wasn't going to be prime for the photo taking that I needed to do. It was around lunch time so I figured I'd find someplace where I could grab a bite and take temporary shelter from the elements. Crazy Fish was the first restaurant on the "nearby restaurant" Yelp list and had a good rating. That was all I needed to see. Choice made. If you blink, you'll pass it. They're located off a little side road, parallel with Hwy 60 on the Eastbound side. It's just West of US 27. The inside is typical fisherman's wharf décor, a lot of wood and fish & boat things. My server was very friendly and helpful. She told me about a special they were having. It was a seaweed salad (wakame) topped with scallops and came with two sides. Sold. I started with their signature soup. A seafood gumbo which had shrimp, sausage and chicken in it. It was good. Decent pieces of all the meats. I liked it. For my wakame special, I got the scallops blackened. Tasted great. The side of fries that I ordered with it were a natural cut. They were okay. Sometimes natural fries don't seem to get the crispiness that I like. These fell into that category. The side of broccoli was... well it was broccoli. I got it to pretend I like eating healthy. Overall though, deliciousness was found here today in Lake Wales, and for that Crazy Fish I thank you.
Had lunch at Crazy Fish 6/8/14. I had always heard good things about the restaurant and was in town Saturday and tried it out. Had fried catfish with homemade fries and coleslaw. the coleslaw was not homemade, but the fries were fresh cut and the catfish was wonderful. Lightly battered and crispy and not oily. Service was very good as well, very attentive
I've been here several times now and, by and large, I'm a fan of Crazy Fish. I generally get one of the fish sandwiches or a platter, the occasional salad. I have never had a bad meal here, though my mother wasn't so lucky. My second time here, she was visiting me and we came for a late lunch. We weren't attended to very regularly by the waitress, which was especially frustrating when my mom's fish was so overcooked that she couldn't cut into it with her fork. The waitress finally came by (about 10-15 mins later and they weren't busy) and suggested that my mom get it fried instead, which would be much quicker, since we were running late to meet up with other family. Not at all the healthy entree she was looking for, but she finally accepted since she was super hungry and we had an hour's drive ahead of us. I haven't had any issues with non-fried fish since then, so hopefully it was a fluke, but I do occasionally have trouble finding the server or getting refills (or first drinks) in a timely manner. The price for non-fried, non-sandwich items can be a bit prohibitive if you're on a budget, especially at lunch when you'd expect to get a break. Nonetheless, I love the quirky decorating inside, the food is tasty, and it's open in the mid-afternoon hours when I tend to be having a meal because of my early work schedule. The sweet potato fries are excellent, as is the smoked fish dip (which they were nice enough to make into a sandwich for my friend) and salmon caesar salad, and the coconut shrimp is ridiculously good. The only thing I've had and not really liked is the crab cakes. The four stars you see on my review are by Lake Wales standards, which is to say it's very good food for this little town, but wouldn't necessarily hold up to four stars in larger cities. Maybe 3.5 outside of Polk County. But when it comes to casual, comfortable, tasty restaurants, this is the only game in town.
Great place to do dinner after a day at Legoland. It is family owned. Had fresh fish and is reasonable priced. Also had great service. Will definitely be back .
I concur with Ana F's review. Crazy Fish was shockingly good for a hole in the wall looking restaurant in a tiny rural town. By the way Ana F referred to me in her review as her "companion".  I had no idea that a husband of 10 years would be referred to as "companion". I'm beaming with flattery. Don't forget to leave gratuity on the dresser......dear
Very good service. Fresh fish foods excellent. Laid back casual not fancy. Great vacation seafood. Fresh oysters. Fair prices. Waitstaff was fantastic tonight. Very friendly too. Cool to see the open grill.
Yelp is really wonderful. Visiting Florida on vacation and had no idea where to go. Atmosphere and seating are mediocre but the grouper was great.
Found this place from yelp, and so worth it.  Dont judge the outside, very basic and casual but the food was outstanding.  I had the red snapper grilled, sides of fried spinach and veggies.  Everything was delish, service was spot on.  Kait was a great waitress.  Will def be back when I'm in the area
Local family restaurant the serves up a unique experience, great  seafood, good service and reasonable prices.  They go the extra mile in giving you the best eating experience.  This is a small town eating experience combined with top quality seafood.  They will even peal the shrimp for you.  Portions are very satisfying.  The atmosphere is that of a cozy small town shanty. It is the local signature eating experience to be sure and enjoy when visiting the Lake Wales area.
Swordfish was awesome. Great atmosphere and great staff. Also tried the fried spinach. The cotton candy of vegetables. Literally  disintegrates in your mouth.
This place doesn't have enough reviews but I'm glad it has 5 stars already. The food is good, fresh, delicious. The service, friendly, fast, couldn't ask for more. The location may be a bit hard to find for out of towners. If you find yourself in a residential area wondering if you're close then you are probably around the block, keep going down the gravel/dirt road and it's on the end, not too well lit at night. I gotta say, don't let the location or look of this place fool you. We went because I kept reading how great their seafood was, and it was SO good, I went back 2 days in a row for the same thing. Best mahi sandwich with handcut sweet potato fries ever! Tried their coconut fried shrimp as well as their fried green tomatoes, very delicious. I am still thinking about my sandwich a week later. Place is awesome. If I was a local I'd be going there all the time. Visited from Ft. Lauderdale and it was recommended by my B&B's front desk agent at "Chalet Suzanne". It was already on my list but glad to see they suggest this awesome little place. p.s our waitress informed us their seafood is very fresh so what I had for dinner had just been caught that morning. It tasted like it too! Soooooo good!
Great cozy seafood restaurant with pleasant dining room, fantastic seafood, friendly service and good prices.
Wouldn't expect it round these parts... Best ahi and everything we ordered was amazing!!!
A casual fun place for some pretty good fish and beers.  A little Florida kitchy but very friendly service and very cold beers. I had the tuna with sesame seeds and ginger wasabi sauce. Generally good although the fish was kind of thin and the "sear" was more of a slight browning.  Would have been better if thicker slice with hotter sear.  Generally good though.  Salad was your standard lettuce, slice cuke, slice tomato with choice of dressing. Other diners at my table had the Pomano and enjoyed it. For this part of the state, a refreshing change to get away from the national chains. If you're in the area, be sure to stop by for some fresh fish and really cold beers.  All in all a nice casual dinner choice.
Extremely fresh seafood served here.  We had the seafood gumbo, the ahi tuna steak and a crab sandwich.  The seafood gumbo was hearty and delicious.  The vegetables served with the ahi tuna were fresh, not frozen.  The french fries and onion rings served with the sandwich tasted homemade.  They advertise free refills on soft drinks and they were not kidding:  when the three of us had paid and were leaving, our waitress brought us three fresh lemonades in to-go cups!  We passed through Lake Wales on a drive from Lakeland to Miami; unfortunately, we do not often pass this way.  Otherwise, I would eat at Crazy Fish once a week.  I did, however, buy a T-shirt to commemorate my dining experience.  :)
Discovered this great place by accident when passing by on route 60. Since the parking lot was packed I figured it was good... After having the whole pompano, appetizers , etc it  will definaty will be a regular  place I visit. Everything was fresh and delicious , served with a smile by  a great staff! I would rate my meal a 10... Loved the down home decor too...
Wife-unit wrote up this review: Hole in the wall fish shack with awesome food.  Smoked fish appetizer is phenomenal.   The grouper is not to be missed.  Beer and wine only.
Perfect meal after a day at Legoland. We were worried that we would only have chain options after a day at Legoland with a 2 hour drive ahead of us, but Crazy Fish came through for our family.  Super fresh fish, very nice service, and cold beer for Mom and Dad. Service was very nice - the owner went out of his way to make us and especially our kids feel welcome. Food: We had blackened mahi mahi sandwiches - fresh and expertly cooked. Good fries on the side. Kids had a fried shrimp dinner (shrimp not overcooked - and not greasy either), and chicken "dippers" - which were small round chicken nuggets made with real chicken and not processed parts. Good atmosphere, friendly staff and a world away from chain restaurant mediocrity. I literally joined Yelp to post about this place and how it made a great ending to our day.
We stop here every year traveling cross state but the last two years have not been that great.  Just had fried grouper and it was ok.  The breading didn't have much taste but the fish was nice and the sweet potato fries with key lime dipping sauce are delish. Fried spinach is a unique side dish and tasty.  Service is good and friendly.  May have to look for an alternative next time through town, though.
After a day at Bok tower and fishing, this offered a perfect dinner to end a perfect day.  Great service, soft shell crabs, fried grouper and crab cakes.  The fried.spinach and beer battered onion rings are excellent. Odd location Next to a highway but really nice atmosphere inside.
As other reviewers have said, it is nice to see a non-chain restaurant in this part of the state, and I wish I could give it more stars, but the food was just meh. My hubby and I went for a late lunch on a Sunday after visiting the Bok Towers because I had read such good reviews. The restaurant has a cute atmosphere and the staff is very friendly. When it came to ordering, they didn't seem to completely have their act together. They did not have their soup of the day done yet, the sweet potatoes were also not ready, and they didn't have any black beans. Since the two items that I really wanted were not available, I went with what the waitress suggested and got the fried spinach and red beans with an order of blackened shrimp. My husband got the grouper basket with fries and coleslaw. None of the food was outstanding, except we did feel the grouper was very fresh. If I were to come back to this area again, I'm really not sure if I would return here. Perhaps I just came on an off day, so we'll see...
Great food.  Charming restaurant with great management! Drove from Orlando for the experience and will return from Seattle next time south.
Great Fish and Burgers!
AMAZING!  Soft shell crab dinner with sweet potato fries!  OMG I am craving it now....  I used to live close to this place and would literally go once a week.  Its that good, and it's just my type of restaurant - Local and kind of a hole in the wall.  LOVE it - oh and and the service is great :)
Frrrrrrresh fish cooked YOUR way. Great shrimp cocktail and smoked fish spread filled us up before the main course, but the grouper looked so good that we got hungry all over again! Kim our server, kept the food coming at a perfect pace even though the place was full. This is about my tenth visit and I always order something different. I hope to go through every item on the menu just so I can start over again!
Excellent food, friendly staff in the middle of a little town. I've tried something different each time and cant pick a favorite. This one takes the #1 spot on my list for seafood. It really is that good. If I had to complain about anything - it would be the price, but I would rather pay a little more and be happy every-time then save a few bucks with a hit-or-miss experience.
Amazing fresh seafood. Wasnt sure what we were in for looking at Crazy Fish from the outside....next to a shop that makes grave stones and burial vaults. The restaurant is charming both in appearance and atmosphere. Great service. Great prices on very fresh seafood.....cheap compared to Miami. Portions are generous from the shrimp cocktail to the gumbo and the scallop dinner. No complaints except for one of their signature items : fried spinach. This appears to be their attemp to make chips out of spinach, so the leaves are deep fried until crisp but all they tasted liked was what i imagine oily crispy paper would taste like. Bland and an odd texture. Left those to the side to devour the scallops. Grouper that my companion was delicious and surprisingly light for deep fried. And we couldnt pass on dessert. The limoncello parfait was epic.  Chocolate mousse with the hazelnut crunch on top wasnt half bad either.
we were looking for a seafood restaurant with atmosphere and we sure found it. much better alternative to the chain restaurants in the area. good food, decent prices, lots of basket options. a little off the beaten path, but worth the effort to find it, right off of 27 at 60. looks like a dive from the outside, but is pretty quaint inside. friendly staff. we went fairly early on a friday evening but could tell it was filling up for the night.
