Great service, incredible food with a great presentation !! For a strip center place with little ambience the place kills it ! Very good!
Service was great.  Food was average.
Fantastic sushi place! Not too far from Lake Wales either. Sushi was fresh and cold, the Miso soup was nice and hot, and the ginger salad dressing was refreshing! They even have Mochi Ice cream! Recommended for everyone in the area!
Strip mall sushi place. Clean. Extremely nice waitress. All of our food was very good and fresh. Bathroom was clean and the sushi was average priced. It was close to Lego Land, so it was nice to not have to drive very far to get some good sushi.
After a day at Legoland, it's a perfect place. Good sushis, makis. Udon was a good choice also.
After a long day at Legoland, we were looking for sit down restaurant with good food and we found it. We have an 11, 9 and 4 year old who like ethnic food so we gave it a try. We loved how close it was to the park and being seated right away was awesome. I loved that the kids meals were  with an option of shrimp or chicken, tempura or grilled. Also with the kids meal you could get noodles, rice or Mac and cheese. The rest of us got the ginger salad, miso soup and edamame for starters and all were delicious. We got several rolls and ate every one but my kids favorite roll by far was the 8 ball roll. We got our food and adult beverages quick, all was good and we were happily on our way!!!
Very nice sushi restaurant! Fast service... Delicious sushi... A lil on the pricey side ... $ but overall I give it 5 stars :-)
Ate the firecracker roll and the lava roll here. I have had much better, for less money, in Los Angeles so that is saying alot because everything is more expensive there and they KNOW Sushi. the price is way too expensive for average quality food in this area. I will try somewhere else next time.
One of my favorite restaurants. Excellent sushi. Lunchtime buffet is great value, and the selection is worth the trip.
Went for lunch one day while running errands on that side of town.   Now I go out of my way to run errands on that side of town once a week!  The lunch menu has a nice variety and is well priced.  Clean inside, friendly service, food tastes fresh.  You should totally try it!
After a long day at Legoland we consulted Yelp to find a quick but nice bite to eat. What a great find. This place is practically next door to the park. Sushi was fresh and artfully presented. Our server Jennifer made us feel welcome and was extra sweet to our little kids. Conch salad was excellent. On our next trip to Legoland we know exactly where to go to eat! Because Legoland food was not very good.
Equally as excellent as their downtown location. Service was friendly and efficient; food was fresh and deliciou!
