Andy's is a staple of Winter Haven. Their recent remodel certainly helped give it the old fashioned diner feel. The menu contains classic diner foods, but the ice cream is what Andy's is famous for. Although there is nothing "special" about the ice cream, it's a throw back to Americana and classic window service rather than the stale counter or drive-thru service we've become so accustomed to today.
I would love to give this place another star because they get it. My issues could be freakiest my coffee was cold and the refill was cold I had the full order of biscuits and gravy it was cold maybe Luke warm my girlfriend had a normal breakfast ham eggs, hash browns and biscuit it was awesome. But I really feel we fell into a time warp the fricking prices (see photos of menu) we both ate for $11.00 and were very happy. Great service on top of all of that they have been in business since 1951 and the prices reflect that it's crazy I will stop in again if I am ever in the area try them :-)
Good neighborhoody burger/fry/diner/ice cream place. Don't let the horrifyingly racially insensitive picture of the grinning native at the entrance scare you, for the most part these are people who just don't know any better (I personally can not believe there is still  some sort of a home team here with that for the logo...are there some kids in Mammy football outfits that I have not yet seen...why do some areas remain stuck in time) .   75% of the people here seemed to know each other already from frequent dining. There was an older couple behind me who had several of the servers stop and sit to eat WITH THEM, the older lady alone with an ice cream cone putting out presents for all the staff members, and the older gay couple, one half of whom had on near inapropriate-length short-shorts but who joked loudly with staff over ice cream.    The prices are really really good (CASH ONLY) we each had a shake  and a Buger Basket (includes slaw and fries)  it was $15,    The food is above average, its not write home special, nothing is unique, there are no unique flavors or spices here. BUT its good safe food...its well cooked...its REALLY cooked (no microwaving, everything is fresh, nothing is over salted) portions are enough, but not too big and the ice cream (there is a little window outsode for to-go and dessert only seekers) The Ice-Vream here is the star of the show, they have 12 flavors of shake, and all kinds of crazy huge sundaes splits and concoctions, some that are invented and written down as daily specials taped on the walls.  All in all for the price its perfect, If I am looking for above average fast food when I am down this way again I will definitely return. Cash Only...Dining Room CLOSED on Sundays (I presume for Jesus)
Hands down, this is one of my favorite haunts in Winter Haven. Granted, it's not like there's too wide a variety in such a small town, but still. Andy's is a landmark. I remember, as a kid, begging my mom to take me there for a dipped cone or a root beer float after school. Mmmm. Their floats, milkshakes, and ice cream alone are worth a Five Star Review, but their food holds it's own. When you walk into Andy's, you can definitely see that it's a relic from another time. But don't let the decor fool you, their food is definitely worth it. Good, classic American dishes -- burgers, hot dog, steak, fries. Oh my crackers, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Their portions are average, I always feel like it's just the right amount of food; but their prices are super affordable! My group of four's lunch bill was roughly $30, and that was after tips and dessert. Their service was great. Our waitress seemed to recognize all the regulars and greeted every customer with a smile. Small and family-run, Andy's always makes me feel like home. TIP: Bring cash, they don't accept credit as of yet. There is an ATM, but who likes to pay those fees? :P
Favorite hometown restaurant. I always order the super burger basket. And the ice cream and milkshakes are always on point. Be sure to bring cash on you because they do not take credit/debit!
I was pretty pumped to go check out Andy's. One of my fav food shows is Triple D with Guy Fieri. So when I saw this old skool Drive-In, I had to stop in and give it a taste. According to the menu, Andys has been around since 1951. It has that feel too. Its like stepping back in time. In fact, it feels like the 1977 Instagram photo looks.. a bit faded. I read that the milkshakes were on point so that's where I started. I went with standard vanilla. Boring? Yeah. Delicious? Yeah. Come to think of it... I actually don't know if Ive ever had a bad milkshake. I hit up the Super Burger basket for lunch... it wasn't so Super. The bun was competing with the meat for my taste buds. On most of the bites... the bun won. The fries were good, crispy and the cole slaw was actually the best part of my lunch (excluding the milkshake) On a side note, the staff Was Super. Very friendly and attentive. Im glad I stopped in.. even though the food was just Meh, the place has a certain charm about it. Id come back, but I wouldn't get another burger. Maybe Ill get crazy and go with a chocolate shake next time.
I've been to Andy's several times and always thought is was decent, It's all about comfort food at Andy's. I wouldn't say it's the best around by any means, but the thing that will bring you back are the prices and the atmosphere. It's clean, as it can be, and extremely busy around lunchtime on a Saturday. I dig the nostalgic feel you get while you're there. Throwback for sure!
I've been living away from Winter Haven for a few years, but always enjoyed visiting Andy's when I was around- until today. I don't tolerate roaches so brazen that they crawl across my plate of burger & fries. I'm done here.
So good! I usually get the corn dog basket. The food is fried crisp without being sopped in grease. Every time I am in there I want to try one of the amazing dishes I see around the place but always get my favorite. The service is excellent, the food is delicious, and I hope they are here to stay. This place is a local icon!
The food here is great but the service late at night sucks. Our waitress gave us the check without even asking if we wanted dessert or another soda refill. THEN SHE WENT HOME with out so much as a word to us about who to ask for anything else.  We sat wondering what was going on for 30 mins then asked where our waitress was and was told she went home while still not getting a refill.  We did get to order a banana spilt which was good.  But even after an hour had still not gotten a refill until we told them to just give us to go cups and paid and left without leaving a tip.  We won't be back.
Good food, great prices. Mixed crowd everytime you go in, from old to young. Has a 50's diner feel. Great staff who makes sure everyting is done right & drinks are always filled. Only issue is limited seating & cash only.
I adore Andy's. I adore going up to the window, trying to make a decision from the scores of different ice cream favors, some of which are obscured by the specials written out and taped on the inside of the glass. I love paying just a couple of dollars for a huge plastic cup of really really great ice cream and then sitting on a bench outside with the warm wind blowing and the sound of cars driving by. I love watching the waitresses give their regulars hell (and vice versa) while sitting at the bar, or hearing the staff all of a sudden singing Happy Birthday to someone in the back and watching the whole restaurant join in. Maybe some day I'll eat a real meal at this greasy spoon and decide I love it somewhat less, but for now I adore every thing about this humble little igloo among the warm madness (well, except the parking).
This restaurant is located on 3rd St SW (SR 17) right across from Winter Haven fire house #1.  It opened as a diner in 1951 and not much has changed since then.  It is a cute little place with about 30 tables and booths, along with a lunch counter.  We got there for lunch about 2 on a Saturday, and the place was packed.  After a short wait for a table to open up we seated ourselves and eventually our drink orders taken.  I was amazed by the amount of choices and the insanely low prices.  I seriously thought I was back in 1975,   There were several dinners that came out looking really good, but we were just looking for a quick bite.  We settled on a cheese burger,  shrimp basket and fried okra.  The food was good and the prices were great.  I would rate it at 3.5 if I could because the service was terrible.  I had to chase the server down twice, and she disappeared for 15 minutes between dropping our drinks and taking our order.  They are generous with the sides.  The homemade mashed potatoes portions looked like half of a softball. We have also heard that they have great ice cream.  That will come in my update.  We will definitely return and hope for a different server.  They do not take reservations.  This place is cash only, but they do have an ATM in the dining room.  It is a bit on the loud side because many tables are crammed into one small dining room.  They are only open for ice cream on Sundays. Bottom line:  Cute place with good food, a huge selection, great prices, and poor service.  This not fine dining, but it is also not a dive.
The milkshakes are awesome and delicious. The cheeseburger was pretty good, tasted fresh. I also had some thing called a crab roll and it was pretty disgusting. Also it was not cooked all the way, the center was frozen. Had their mac & cheese and it tasted like it was out of a box...okay but did not taste like what I would have expected from a Southern restaurant. Unfortunately, service at the takeout window was disorganized and slow. My order sat on the counter for 15 minutes and it was sort of cold by the time I got it. Despite my asking, I guess they forgot about it while I was standing at the window and waiting? I would stick with the shake and cheeseburger and dine in only.
Not much to look at from the outside or the inside. The food was typical fried stuff. I had a burger and I felt like I was making my kids fatter. I think this place was really known for the milkshakes and we should have just stuck to that. The wait staff was very friendly, but I think what threw me off was the decor. Everything was old and the place didn't look sanitary. If the place would have been updated, I would have felt better.
The food is very cheap and most of it tastes good. Ordered the burgers a few times and stopped because they were too dry. Ordered breakfast and didn't like it for the most part; pancakes were particularly lacking. Like to order the club sandwich a lot.  Also like their hush puppies. Most of the food I've ordered I like.  It's not high-quality food but it's just a diner. Cash only.
I have been going to Andy's since I was about 5 years old, it's a different world inside. Mixed and diverse crowd from old to young.  The food is simple but great and will keep you coming back for more.  The 50's dinner's feel is unique and you find that anywhere.  Still cash only, so hit the ATM before you come
Good grease pit. Had the milk shake with a big burger with chili fries. The prices are very very affordable. The foods quality doesn't suffer much from this which is surprising. Good truck stop style grease pit that serves old fashioned burgers, fries, and milkshakes. One bit of advice is bring cash to the place or they will force you to use thier in house atm machine with the crazy fees so they bank on you twice.
I'm a fan of Andy's. I love going there when I'm out in Winter Haven. Food is good, their desserts(dairy) are outstanding and it's a great place to go. My dad went there for burgers and shakes when he was a boy and so keeping the family tradition of at least eating there is fun. I had their chili fries which are completely different from NM chile fries so to make myself feel more at home I asked for an egg on top of it. Delicious, try it!
How can you not love this place?  It's so charming and brings you back in time.  Great burgers and shakes ( butterscotch yum).  I used to go here all the time when I lived in WH!
Andy's is a landmark.  I can't count the number of butterscotch milkshakes I had as a kid here and they're still cranking out sliders and ice cream to this day.  You can't miss the antique sign out front.
Stopped in for a milkshake - which was delicious! However, they are cash only, so we had to go in and use the ATM. The restaurant seemed small and family friendly - minus all the looks we got for using the ATM. Can't speak for the food, but the shake was great!
Everything on the menu at Andy's is good, but it was what wasn't on the menu that turned me off. After I was finished with my ice cream, I asked for a glass of water and discovered that it was unfiltered tap water. Just what I didn't need, a glass of chlorine. I figured that if Andy's really cared about their customers, then they would have served filtered water. That was 10 years ago and I haven't been back since. Hey Andy, if you have filtered water now, let me know.
Classic 50's diner. Famous for burgers and shakes. Family and kid friendly. Dine-in or take-out window. Used to be CASH ONLY. Not sure if it still is.
Ice Cream and shakes are great, food is terrible but cheap.  Nice friendly place, walk up window for Ice Cream or food.  You can call in your order and pick it up.  Parking is terrible during lunch time, any other time the lot is mostly empty.
As a fan of the dive diner this was a great find.  After a day of road cycling we were not dressed to go into a chophouse so Andy's was it.  Wife had a burger and fries and I had the ham steak, side salad and corn. Total bill was less than a single lunch at a chain restaurant.  Cash only but there is an ATM inside.  The help was friendly, the owner was greeting everyone and making sure her staff were being attentive.
Awesome food, great prices, a real treat.
This is old school.  I mean that in a Fonzie, Happy Days' good kinda way. Burgers are good. Great atmosphere, people there to eat and have a good time. Beware - CASH only.
CASH ONLY.  THE BEST SOFT-SERVE ICE CREAM EVER!!!  Really good burgers, as long as you like them medium well, and good french fries.  Usually pretty clean inside, although a little run-down these days.  Decent service from the wait staff, but I am disturbed by knowing 100% that at LEAST one illegal alien is working in the kitchen at Andy's.  I've notified the management, and instead of taking action, they banned me from posting on their Facebook page.  That being said, the ice cream is DELICIOUS, and I highly recommend the Big Daddy milkshake.  But I won't go back until it's fully-staffed by legal workers.
Great fifties-style diner with good food and very reasonable prices. The malts are the old-fashioned kind made with real ice cream! I'd give it five stars but the booths appear to be from the fifties, as well. They are old and uncomfortable. Next time, I'll pick a table instead.
Landmark in Central Florida as far as I am concerned.My favorite thing to order from Andy's is the Pulled pork,sooo tasty with just the right mix or bb-Q sauce for the sandwhich.I use to love ordering from Andy's when I lived in Winter Haven.
We had 2 hamburgers a turkey split and roast beef dinner. Large portions.  Food was great. Service is fast and friendly. Ordered hot fudge Sunday moose tracks and chocolate suicide. OMG the ice cram is to die for The only thing I would recommend is that the servers don't stand by the booth by the kitchen area. They were right next to us and at times loud
Their outdoor ice cream stand is a good place to get a quick shake or frozen treat. Cheap prices and a retro feel with a steady trickle of customers, even later on a weekday night. I loved the sign and the indoors looked cozy. Contrary to popular opinion, my shake left something to be desired. It tasted like watery yet chunky milk. The banana split was better. I guess you go for the ambiance and homey feel... I'll be back but try something different next time.
Food quality is as expected. Got charged 1.90 for kids sized orange juice. Way over priced. Not best value in town.
This is a really great find.  They have real food for low prices and i'm pretty sure they make their own ice cream.  If they don't, they manage to find some really awesome ice cream flavors.   I usually get the grilled chicken salad.  It comes with a huge chicken breast char grilled on top of a basic salad.  It's inexpensive and good.  The hubby usually gets a char grilled burger or the fried chicken - both items he raves about. The last time we were there they had a vanilla based ice cream with various candy bar bits, and butterscotch swirls, and brownie bits and mini peanut butter cups.  It was awesome.  And their milkshakes.... they are fantastic. If I could doc them half a star, i would - for it being CASH ONLY.  Drives me nuts.
The food was OK. The fruit salad milkshake I had was good. The portion size is good for the price. Staff was friendly and frequently checked on me. The only turn off for me is that cash only is accepted. Makes it worse is that no one said anything until I got ready to check out (I had even dropped my card and one of the waitresses picked it up for me but still said nothing). I NEVER carry cash. I come from a big city with pick pockets and a debit card I can cancel but lost cash is forever. In these modern times it's a wonder they haven't switched over to accepting cards. It was very inconvenient to have to use the rather pricey $2.50 ATM (plus the fee my bank will undoubtedly charge). Probably wouldn't come again unless I just happen to have cash on me instead of having to go out of my way to get to the bank.
Great food, Great Ice Cream and Shakes.   Wonderful to be able to have the best of both worlds all in one restaurant. I've been acquainted with this place since I was 5 years old.  I  will be 56 in Nov/2013. They have: fast foods salads main full meals. shakes ice cream floats sundaes The people who work there have always been very friendly and helpful. My favorite food ...the Steakette burger w/fries it's under $5  (beat that!) the taste of that burger is just unbelievable.  freshly made (not nuked) My favorite desert...a pineapple milkshake
One of my favorite hometown restaurants!  The burgers are great but the ice cream is to die for!
Andys is the best place to come for ice cream. And a reasonable meal, but sometimes the service is not always the best. The servers are friendly and do there best.
