Request back of the O Bar & get your vantage on while slurping mollusks!!  I haven't seen Gary there the past couple of times.. I like his stories.  The staff are always nice, accommodating & pretty tongue in cheek about things you need to know lol.  they make a great skinny margarita & I always make new friends when I'm in there.  for those so inclined, I heard the Dirty Butter is great for dunking..
My husband and I have been wanting to try Garys for about 6 months, was finally close by when they were open. Walked in to a wait, with LOTS of open tables but never got sat. Maybe we will try again sometime, maybe not. Maybe they don't want our business.
Tried to have lunch there and it doesn't open until 4pm, got there around 2:30, so we never ate there, a real disappointment, not sure I missed much.
If I found seafood on the floor of a bait shop and had my 6 year old cook it, it would be light years better than this place. The only thing fresh was a frog I found on a boat in the parking lot.  The food was dry, fried so much it was like eating tuna flavored gum. They proudly show off how they rebuilt after a fire I curse the FD that saved this place if there is a God he will send a second bolt down and send this place back to food hell.
Four and a half stars. The Gary's special was delicious, perfectly fried seafood. The cole slaw was excellent, which was a nice surprise! I need to call out an item that we had I did not see on the menu: bacon, jalapeño and cheese grilled oysters. Dear goodness. Amazing. Why I have lived 30 years and not experienced this before is beyond me. The Parmesan garlicky ones were also great. You'll need a half dozen for yourself, at least. Bonus points for the great service. Our waitress brought everything out at just the right time, which allowed us to enjoy a perfectly coursed meal. Minus half star for the hash browns. My fault, should have gone with the fries! Can't wait to go back!!
When we travel we like to get the "local experience". Chains are fine when there's nothing else but when you're in Florida you can't get much more local than Gary's Oyster Bar and Seafood House. This little shack of a restaurant is in Lake Alfred and resembles a biker bar from the outside. When you go in, it's small, but there is plenty of seating room and the wait staff is super friendly with southern accents that make you feel right at home. It feels as though it's been there for a while and everyone who runs it are good friends. Here is a sampling of what we ordered: Sweet Tea: I generally like mine a little on the sweet side but don't really care for "really sweet". This tea was really sweet, but I have to say that I was surprised that I really liked it anyway! Raw Oysters: Perfection! Cold, fresh and delicious with a squeeze of lemon and some cocktail sauce. Grilled Parmesan Oysters: Hot and perfectly seasoned. Delicious!! Hush puppies: If you like hush puppies, you will love these! Perfectly seasoned and a little resistance in the center. Conch Fritters: Perfectly fried and creamy goodness on the inside. They served it with a spicy sauce and it was delicious! Gator: Good for the experience. The gator was a little chewy, but still good. Just not my favorite thing that we ordered. Fried Green Tomatoes: A little on the thin side, but piping hot when we got them and fried crispy-tender like they should be. Served with ranch dressing. We liked them even the kids ate them. Popcorn Shrimp Kids Plate- The kids LOVED these little popcorn shrimp. They were served with a heap of fries. Key Lime Pie: YUM! Creamy, sweet and tart. Just as it should be. The crust was crumbly and almost sand like (in a good way). Everything arrived at our table nice and hot and our waitress was friendly and quick when we needed something. They only "ok" aspect was that the food didn't arrive in an appetizer-meal-dessert sequence, per se. It was more of a "when it's done, it'll come out" method. This is fine, but you have to know it going in. Also, it ended up being pretty expensive because we ordered mostly appetizers. This is fine too, but again, you have to expect it going in. Our Stuffed Mushrooms ended up being about $2 per mushroom and they were pretty small. My daughter liked them though.   The majority of people who were sitting around us looked like locals, but we did hear one couple exclaim as they walked in the door that they were from Alaska and were told that this was a place they had to go to eat. Another older man held the door for us as we were leaving and when we thanked him he said "Any kid who will eat raw oysters is ok!" :-) We'll be back for sure!
Omg! I can't stop eating their fresh oysters!!! Both raw and boiled ones, they are so good! Garlic toasts, fried green tomatoes are also tasty we love them!
Have always enjoyed eating at Gary's but on three different occasions have made plans to eat there only to arrive finding them closing early due to a slow night.  That is taking "independent " too far.
Fresh, delicious Florida oysters.  Small casual space with "rustic" decor and friendly service.   We went there specifically for the oysters, but everything we had was delicious.  We've been here a few times and have never been disappointed.   Once we decided to stop in but realized it was almost closing time.  The door was open, so we went inside and asked if they were still serving.  The waitress enthusiastically welcomed us and said they are always happy to have customers no matter how late it was. You can sit at the oyster bar, and the oysters are shucked and placed in front of you.  I love it.  But you can lose track of the time, oysters and beer you consume.  It's definitely an enjoyable time well spent, though! Overall, a great, casual place where the food is good, oysters are fresh, and the service is consistently friendly.
I was driving to my parents' house in Wauchula (look it up... ha) and found myself on a road I've never been on before.  Needing to use the restroom, I stopped here.  There was a line of people to get in a little before 4pm.  An employee let me in to use their restroom - as I came out and saw that they were about to open, I thought to myself, "Why not grab a beer at the bar while I'm here?" After I saw that the place was almost getting filled up at opening time, I decided to take a look at the menu.  The prices were very reasonable - the people around me were ordering fried shrimp, fried this, fried that - but I didn't want anything fried that day.  It then dawned on me that it was stone crab season, so I asked the guy shucking oysters behind the bar if they had any stone crab.  He asked around and told me they had 5 pounds left, so I ordered a pound. I must say, the stone crab was fresh and delicious, and when I got the check, I was amazed to find out that it was less than $30 for my stone crab and 2 Bud Lights.  I think I paid over $45 for a pound of stone crab at Joe's in Vegas the week before! Needless to say, I loved the place - if I'm ever back in that odd part of Florida again, I have to go back!
Food was great as usual, but to much down time for waitresses. The tables needed to be cleaned, and instead they were watching t.v.
Pretty tasty.  Parmesan peppercorn dressing is pretty tasty.   Seafood gumbo was off the hook.  Stuffed grouper and sautéed shrimp & scallops were delicious!!!!    Will come back again.
Have been to Gary's a number of times over the past few years around Indians and Tigers spring training games for drinks and seafood at the bar. Pretty much a divey hole in the wall, next to a trailer park, and off a four lane highway, but I can't get enough of it. A couple parking spaces in front but most parking in a dirt lot next door. Fresh gulf oysters (raw or steamed) with horseradish, tabasco, and many saltines as you would like. Features every type of fried seafood and related you can imagine (fish, shrimp, clams, gator, hush puppies). Highly recommend the conch fritters. The mixed drinks are appropriately strong and served in styrofoam cups. Very good Mai Tais. Very reasonable prices and great service from the two guys that are behind the bar every year. Makes me somewhat sad that the Indians moved spring training to Arizona and I won't have an excuse to head back to Gary's any time soon.
If I could,  I'd give this place a 3.5. A dive of a joint in front of a trailer park where everyone seems to know everyone's name. Half expected Norm to walk in. You cannot beat the prices. I had a salad,  baked potato, small lobster tail, shrimp, scallops and crab platter for $22. They know how to cook seafood; simply, not fancy. The salad was your basic iceberg with a tomato. The place was a bit disgusting.  Dirty and sticky, vinyl on chairs ripped with wobbly tables. Adds to the ambience??? The wait staff was super nice and seemed to be in a first name basis with most of the patrons. Lots of hugging. My husband ordered a platter that feautured oysters but they were out of oysters. Not unusual really, happens more frequently due to fishing or other circumstances.  They substituted fried clams. He enjoyed his meal. The kids split a crab platter and finished it. Don't know that I'd recommend it for the trip but if you're in the neighborhood,  wouldn't hurt to try it. Don't go in with huge expectations.
This place is great. My cousin and I were in town for the State Pest Control Exam and we needed to find a great place for dinner to take a break from studying. Gary's had good Yelp reviews and we read about the unique menu items and checked it out. We were really happy we did! Gary's staff is EXTREMELY kind. We sat at the bar to eat, and we honestly had one of the kindest bar tenders I've ever experienced. While we there we saw them fill beer pitchers to TOP OF THE RIM overflowing, they also gave a take out customer a free second order of oysters free of charge as a courtesy. These are some real great people and I'd highly recommend the place. We ate the big sampler platter with fish, clam, shrimp, gator tail, frog legs, etc.. I'm an airboat captain and I've eaten a bunch of frogs legs in my day. Their legs were great, super tender, breaded perfectly. Gary's kicks ass! Go for the Fried Lobster Tail appetizer. Pretty unique and melts in your mouth.
Delicious!   Excellent gator,  stuffed shrimp and hush puppies.  Definitely a hole in the wall with great Seafood.
Our last night in Florida we wanted to go all out with some seafood and my friends were dying to try frogs legs.  We saw this little joint advertisied in one of the tourist books and figured we would give it a shot. It's off the path a bit and its a small place, in a weird, small town locale.  Small bar and definitely a locals spot.  We went all out and ordered the two mixed seafood platters w fried everything; and I mean everything-- Fried: oysters, lobster, gator, frogs legs, clams, scallops, crab, fish... All of it was excellent and we also had our waitress make us her famous margaritas which were hella strong.  I'm a fairly decent drinker and I couldn't even manage to get down a full two.   [But on a side note, literally two minutes after leaving here I hrew up EVERYTHING. Margaritas and seafood, probably the worst of all hell mix to puke up.  BUT....it wasn't b/c of here, I had caught some sort of stomach bug bc my friends were fine. It just sucks that I wasn't able to fully enjoy our feast.] Otherwise, this was a cute place and I would def return on a next trip.  Wasn't overly expensive and the service was very good.
The owner, Gary, has been synonymous with seafood in this area for as long as I can remember.  As a previous reviewer stated, it's off the beaten path a bit.   The restaurant is small, but it provides a great cozy atmosphere. There's a mixture of table seating and a raw-bar for the regulars. The oysters are hand-shucked in front of you (if you're at the bar).   Before I became a vegetarian I would always look forward to the oysters and crawfish.
My friends and I wanted a more "local" place to eat rather than the typical touristy fares of International Dr and the likes.    We searched for great seafood reviews and this came up on Yelp with high ratings.   We drove for 35 min. - this place is right off the highway next to a dive of a motel and in front of a trailer park - we were a bit nervous to go in.   There were about 20 people outside with drinks all having a great time so we decided to head in. What an insane place, it was hopping!   We waited 30 minutes to go in but all had drinks to keep us satisfied while we took in the smells and sights of the oyster bar. Our server was incredibly friendly and highly recommended the raw oysters despite us never having them.  She was so kind about how to eat them with a cracker and their horseradish.   They were DELICIOUS! We ordered a bunch of things to share between the 4 of us: - clam chowder (which was excellent, and perfectly salted) - cheese grits (we'd never tried grits before and wanted to give it a go) - salad with a homemade peppercorn parmesan dressing (to die for) - crab claws - crab legs - and a platter with gator, frog legs, scallops, shrimp, and catfish We were perfectly satisfied and enjoyed every bite of all of it.     We had a really amazing time and the service was beyond expectation.    Will definitely be going back and recommending it to friends.
Start with the steamed oysters on the half shell. Dip them in a little butter, plop on a cracker and top with the cocktail sauce. So incredibly tasty! I had the fried shrimp and they were perfectly cooked. The service was good. I highly recommend this charming little dive.
This is a great seafood shack that I come to whenever I'm visiting family nearby :-) All the seafood is fresh and excellent, and most of the appetizers and sauces are homemade. Some of the more basic sides are very good but nothing special. Some of the non-five star ratings I've seen are due to the location and atmosphere. Please be aware that this is more of a local bar shack than a big open restaurant. With that being said, the atmosphere is clean and inviting. The prices are reasonable and the service is friendly and up to speed. Overall, I love everything about this place. The onion rings, shrimp, scallops, and homemade sauces and dressings make it worth the trip. It is an inviting local dive and not a large dining restaurant, but for me, that's just fine.
Down to earth, great place for fresh oysters and beer.  Kind of a dive, actually, but not to be missed.  This is local Florida at its best - five stars in a "best in class" category, not a Michelin 5 stars.
Gary's is another local spot in the area that I suggest if you want some local flare.  It's a very casual "hole in the wall" (but clean) that has been in business for at least 20+ years.  They always have a early bird menu as well as an all-u-can-eat special.  The oysters are fresh from Florida and everything is very reasonably priced.  The flounder is excellent as well and I would recommend that if you don't like oysters.  Servers do a good job and make you feel like a "regular" even if you aren't one.  It gets busy on the weekend nights because it's not that big of a place.  They have an oyster bar or table service. Worth the drive.
I was very impressed! My wife asked where the oysters were from.  The Shucker replied Apalachicola, to wich I asked "what bed?" He said, "1662" without batting an eye, or looking at the tag.  Thats a man who knows his oysters!  He could shuck em faster than I could eat them.  He wasnt very good at math, however, after I had 15 he was still shucking ;-)
loved it.  great atmosphere, food was good.  we had the oysters, shrimp, and chowder... all the favorites.  fried shrimp was some of the best i've had in awhile (not overdone).   hush puppies were excellent, gator was good but a little boring. conch fritters could have been better. price is fair, waitress was friendly.  we'll be back
This place doesn't look like much. The food is pretty good and the staff is great. I'm from KC but have been there twice in the last 2 months on business.  It's a regular stop now.
At first glance looks like a dive, my wife was ready to keep on driving.   But we decided to try it anyway because of the Yelp reviews --- glad we did. Decor inside was basic, but service was fantastic.  Sharon was very pleasant, attentive, and had some great suggestions for what to order. My wife had the sauteed grouper with an almond topping, and I went for the fried flounder with a light batter.  Both were done to perfection, and kept our taste buds happy  Another plus was the Hush puppies were very light and fluffy and a bit slightly sweet -- some of the best I have had in ages.
Not much for atmosphere, long wait, no reservations.  Friendly staff and regulars, decent food including gator and frogs legs. Not much else happening in the area.
What a fantastic dive.  This is what I'm looking for.  A real Cracker fried fish house.  They have broiled, grilled, fried, baked...and you can get a hamburger or a steak.  But forget it.  This is a Florida oyster bar and fried fish house and it does not get any better than this.  What is the secret?  Know your source, buy quality, heavy turnover.  I asked them once how they have such wonderful fresh oysters.  They told me it is turnover.  They often shuck 400 dozen oysters a night.  I have tried everything, but I alway get a dozen raw, maybe another couple dozen steamed to start, and the catfish fingerlings (small and whole, like big sardines) and cheesy grits for the main.  If you are going to have oysters, sit at the wrap around oyster bar, that is a treat.  If you are not, then dont take up the space.  It is in demand.  If you get here after 7, you might have to wait a couple of hours.  There are no reservations.  But spend the time talking to your neighbors out front with a cold one.
Have'nt been since I was a kid. My dad use to take me here for crab legs and Oysters when I was little and I remember always looking forword to Friday nights and going to Gary's...
very fresh, clean tasting and juicy oysters. the blackened grouper was very fresh but too salty for my taste
