What a great spot!  My husband and I met our friends that were staying down the street at the Holiday Inn with their Lego Little Lasses.  We decided to go ahead and see if it was worth it to meet us there or if we were going to find a better spot to dine. Well, from the moment we stepped in, until the moment we closed the place down - Yes.  closed it down - as we hadnt seen our beloved friends in over 16 years, so overstayed the welcome,  it was truly the best dining experience of 2014! Coming from Orlando, we've many the choice for steak as well as seafood and never you mind friendly bars but hands-down,  what a breath of fresh air by way of hospitality. Nicki took great care of us as we bellied up to the high top for excellent mixed drinks, even suggesting a Miami Ice one that pleasantly surprised.  She knew her regulars as well as welcomed us as future regulars and between her service, smile and the hostess/owner's table holding for us, without our party complete, we knew we hit Gold in Lake Whales.   Food was good, suggestions by Lauren - also, excellent at what she does as a server and the front of the house rep for Sizzling, great.  and again, letting us feel welcome and surrounded by hospitality like you dont see or get much anymore, we will be back, and will tell others. YUM steaks. Thank you for letting us stay longer than you had to and for smiling even as we left the place. :)
Wonderfully surprised. Stopped here on a Sunday driving around exploring potential fishing spots. Not familiar with the area, but decided to stop here. Really good food! Some of the best steaks we've had since moving to FL--and a real bargain including good rolls, a side, and unlimited salad which was also excellent. I'm sure desserts are good here, but we were too full and brought home plenty of steak for our babies.
Salad is mixed table side.  Polite staff and clean all around. Food tastes homemade,  glad we stopped by.
My boyfriend and I stopped here while passing through Lake Wales last Friday night.  There was a wait for the regular tables, but we were able to grab a high top in the small bar area immediately.  We both ordered The Renegade steaks and for a side I got the mixed vegetables and he got the mashed potatoes.  We ordered the steaks medium rare, but they were both overcooked, to the point where mine was probably well done.  So why am I still giving the restaurant a high review?  Because even being overcooked, it was still very tasty.  The seasoning was delicious!  My vegetables were rather buttery and the salad that you start off with was pretty simple and coated in ranch dressing (they toss it with dressing before serving), but being a southern girl, that's exactly what I'm used to.  :) Overall, the restaurant had a great small town feel, the food was simple but definitely good, and the wait staff was pretty awesome.  Oh, and did I mention it was very inexpensive?  My steak meal with sautéed mushrooms and onions added to it was around $13 and my glass of house wine (which was filled to the brim) was about $4.  I'd definitely stop by here if I find myself in the area again.
Worth the wait Mahi mahi was a small portion and I did not like it- the sweet potatoe was fresh and good. Hubbie had the pork and salmon- he said ok Wings good- salad is way overdressed for my taste- excellent Margaritas and happy hour....
Decor: 3.5/5 -not exactly what I was expecting, it looks like a Perkins from the outside -booth or table seating for up to 6 adults comfortably Service: 5/5 -super friendly, patient and responsive with our endless requests Food: 3.5/5 -Salad was a bit drenched in dressing but I did like the chopped boiled eggs -Rolls were warm and fresh (unlimited as well) -Grilled shrimp ($14.95) was seasoned well and you get six on a skewer though it was cooked a bit on the dry side. The fresh mashed potatoes however were excellent and quite addicting.
We went by to sizzling grill by luck only bc the front desk lady at our hotel mentioned it, thank God we did!!! Our waitress was Peggy she was the sweetest!! Very kind and respectful! It was a group of 6 for my sons bday after Lego land. As soon as we walked in we were sat. All of our food was delicious!! The ribs, mahi mahi, calamari, salad, spaghetti and meatballs.. Everything was perfect!!! If we are in the area we will definitely stop by again!!! And I absolutely recommend this restaurant to everyone!!! Oh and a plus the prices were great!!! Less than $100 for all 6!!! Beer and wine included!!!
Friendly service earned them 3 stars and good bread.  Ordered porterhouse medium rare and it came out mooing.  It was also under seasoned.  My son had chicken Alfredo and the chicken was also under seasoned and Alfredo tasted out of a jar.
This place was great. A ton of food for the cost. Kids loved the Cesar salad and crab legs. Desserts were really good and the wait staff couldn't have been nicer. Wine and beer were good too. Very kid and family friendly - a real nice local place to wind down after visiting Legoland.
We've ordered a variety of menu items, the Porterhouse steak, Broiled seafood platter, Chicken with mushrooms.. All entrees are delicious and love the endless salad bowl and yummy rolls with cinnamon butter!!  The servers are great and a wonderful location about 5 minutes from Bok Tower.
After our tour of Bok Tower Gardens, we stopped by the Sizzling Grill. We got there around 5:15, and we were promptly seated. I told the waitress that it was our first time, and she recommended her favorites. I got one of the specials of the night, which was sirloin steak and popcorn shrimp ($13.99) Shrimp were slightly bigger than I was expecting, and they had the tails on them. They were battered and fried perfectly, and they were some of the best fried shrimp I've ever had. Sirloin was cooked perfectly, and tasted very good. Baked potato was huge, and the salad before the meal tasted great. My wife got the ribs and a baked sweet potato. The ribs were okay (had better, had worse), and she loved the baked sweet potato. Service was outstanding. All around, this is a solid pick. You won't be disappointed.
You know when you visit your parents and they insist on taking you out to dinner, no matter what?  Well Mom took sis and I our to her absolutely favorite restaurant on our last night visiting with her.  "We are leaving at 3:45 to beat the rush".  Is she out of her mind?  We had already decided that her mind was doing fine, high five! Sizzling Grill absolutely caters to their customers who like to eat out and can afford to do it, every day if they want.  Early Bird Special is 4:00 - 6:00 and had a line out the door when we got there, at 4:00, on a Wednesday.  I'm certainly no young person but they were all much to my senior.  That door opened and we all entered single file, felt like I was in elementary school walking down the corridor with my classmates.   Okay, so I have been here before, mom likes it and I like it too.  First off the waitstaff is incredibly friendly.  I believe that you could not do ANYTHING to wipe any of those natural smiles off their faces.  Additionally, I adore that they are not all cute little size 4's.  They are an excellent wait staff regardless of their size or ability to fit into a uniform.  And they love working there.   You will start off with the endless bowl of house salad, tossed at the table.  It's iceberg (that's what this particular generation grew up on) cucumber, red cabbage, tomato shredded cheese and a creamy Greek dressing.  It was very cold and fresh.  Between the four of us coconut shrimp, fried haddock and two salmons (ordered med "please do not overcook them") with a mix of baked and sweet potatoes were ordered.  It was also happy hour, two for one on well drinks, house wines and beer.  We get that glare from Mom, she thinks we are lushes, so I order a red wine and give my sis the free one.   I think the highlight of the meals were the sweet potatoes, they were big and hot and came with a wonderful cinnamon butter.  However the two salmon dishes were cooked well.  No problem, Mom waves over our lovely waitress (I wish I remembered her name) and with a smile she says, "I'll be back on a few moments".  She returned fairly quickly with perfectly cooked salmons. There were no meals over $10.99 on that menu (1/2 rack of ribs and prime rib took that top price). The owner of this venue knows his clientele and CATERS TO THEM.  He was also very visible on the floor overseeing everything that was going on and flipping the tables quickly to take care of the line OUT THE DOOR at 5:00 when we left. I can only hope I get to go here, with my mom, many many more times.
Amazing food. If you want a mom and pop feel, stop here and eat more than your stomach will allow. Thought is wasn't family friendly by the look and 50 and up crowd. I was wrong, staff was very friendly and food came out fast. A must if your visiting Legoland.
In town to go to Legoland and the hotel recommended this place.  We were hesitant but there wasn't many choices and we definitely weren't going to Chillis!  So glad we took a chance...it was awesome!  My family of three ate for about  $45 which included an appetizer and three desserts.  From the salad they toss tableside to the yummy desserts and everything in between was delicious!!  Next time we're in town for Legoland we will be dining here again!  It's a great place to get a quality meal at a reasonable price!!
The jack Daniels rib eye rock. My gigantic sweet potato I'd dolloped with a generous scoop of butter with a perfect dash of cinnamon and sugar. Bonus....happy hour 2 4 1. Yummmm....but just passing through...waitress is on it
Just returned from an excellent dining experience at the Sizzling Grill. The place was filled to the brim, but service was quick and our party of six only waited 15 minutes on this Friday night to be seated. Our waitress named Jessie was a doll with an infectious smile that lit up the room, even our two normally shy toddlers opened up to her. Food was excellent, starting from the bottomless house salad, the filet mignon, to the surprise ice cream for the birthday boy in the group. All in all an excellent time by all. Highly recommended!
Couldn't believe I didn't find this on this site already. They were jam packed over the holidays. I had lamb chops. read some good reviews on other sites. wait staff is excellent. we went new year's eve and they kept things rolling.
