If I die and go to heaven I want 5 plates of the picadillo to meet me there. I had surgery 5 weeks ago and since I have been struggling with finding anything flavorful that I enjoy eating. Well I KNOW I just found it. The picadillo was soooo full of flavor. The raising, onion, olives-- EVERYTHING! It's the first thing I've kept down in a long time or didn't chew the flavor out of. After only a few bites I was full but I look forward for tomorrow's lunch. Now as for the service it was amazing too! The owner greeted me. Made me feel like family and the service was really quick. I will definitely be returning with family and friends. I've grown up on Cuban food and visited a lot of different Cuban places in Polk county. This is one of the best.
We love this restaurant. The food is homemade and delicious. It really does taste authentic. I take my father here whenever I come down to Bartow to visit him. He loves it because he has a chance to practice his Spanish and also because the portions are so big that he gets to take home leftovers for lunch the next day. We always go for dinner because it's relaxed and not too busy then. We always get personalized service and the proprietors welcome us and spend time talking with us.
A local favorite. I've been here a few times. The pork is great and the Cubans are to die for! The staff is very friendly and hospitable. They go above and beyond and offer a wide variety of Cuban favorites.
The food was excellent.  I ordered the chicken and yellow rice which had great flavors.  The stuffed potato ball had well seasoned beef.  My friend ordered a steak sandwich and loved it.  The downside is if you only have an hour for lunch it's not a great idea to come here as it took 30 minutes for our food to come out.  But other than that I highly recommend and will be back.
My husband and I had lunch here and let me just say it did not disappoint. The food was homemade and the owners were friendly and hospitable. It was a great little discovery and I doubt anyone would regret eating here. I wouldn't say to just stop by when you're in the area, but rather make the special trip to try them out for yourself. Remember to save room for the flan it was amazing!
Horrible service. They lost our order. We sat there for about 15 minutes and no one came by to see us. The place needs to be cleaned and touched up. The list goes on. I trusted the reviews but was sadly disappointed. I don't recommends his place.
We're "not from around here," but we're sure glad to have happened upon this authentic little Cuban café tucked into a small storefront in downtown Bartow.  We were somewhat surprised to find genuine Cuban cuisine in a quaint country setting, but we couldn't have been happier with the food. The service was friendly and earnest, if occasionally (and unintentionally) inattentive and overwhelmed.   On balance, it was a warm, inviting, satisfying experience -- and one we'd happily recommend.
When I went in for lunch I let them know I would be using an expired groupon and was not treated badly because of it. I ordered the shredded pork with yellow rice and beans to go. My cost was $1.50 after the groupon and the lady that assisted me was very warm and friendly. She thanked me as I left and told me it was good seeing me. It was absolutely delicious!! The pork was so moist and flavorful. The yellow rice and beans were great as well. The portion was a nice size. It was so good that I ate more than I should've and I still had some left for later. I don't go to Bartow often (reason my groupon was expired), but this sure gives me a reason to. I look forward to trying the pork chunks everyone seems to enjoy on here :-) Also the friendliness of the lady (probably a owner) would alone make me want to patronize this small business  :-)
The food was good. I had the pork chunks and it was awesome. The family had sandwiches, which were also good. The prices were too high for the little food you get. The family didn't get any fries or chips, or anything with their sandwiches. The low point was 2 dead roaches on the floor near the bathroom. This is is an older building with several restaurants, so that could be the problem. The cash register and kitchen seem really cluttered with junk.
The owners re-opened their doors to serve us a late dinner. They gave us extra food and were so kind. Highly recommended!
Excelllent food - friendly service!
Awesome people and food.
Ok, with me being Cuban.  You know, I would have to comment on a cuban restaurant after I try it.  Once again, I got a coupon from Restaurant.com and was in this part of the state and dropped in.  Place was quiet and empty.  The woman that greeted me was wonderful and very sweet.  Kind of reminded me of one of my aunts.  They were out of the few things we wanted to try as appetisers.  So, we settled on fried sweet plantains and empanadas.  Both were perfect.  We ordered the Pork chunks and the Ropa Vieja.  Both were very good.  The pork was a little dry but not a problem.  What knocked me out was the Black beans.  They were perfect.  Kind of the ones my mother used to cook when I was younger.  We ended with the flan which was very very good.  Over all, when I pass through Bartow, I will make it a point to stop there.
Whoa. This is one good cuban place. Food rocks. Wife got the media noche and I got the cuban both were big hits. If youre driving thru this place is worth a detour.
This place is awesome....the pork chunks, fresh baked cuban bread and pico are to die for! I moved to Tampa and I really miss this place! The owners are some of the friendliest people you will ever meet!
In town for a family reunion and since this place had high ratings I decided to check it out.  I tried the deviled crab, not knowing what to expect.  It was like a croquet with crab meat, large,filling.  Not anything like deviled crab in Maryland.   I also had a mango drink, not listed on the menu, made with fresh mango.  This was very good and refreshing on a hot Florida day.  Since they didn't have rope vieja I tried the grilled fish.  The fish fillet was large seasoned well but a little heavy on the salt.  The black beans were also a little salty.  The portions were large and filling, the service was great, but I have had better.
My wife said the food taste like what her grandmother used to make and I thought the grilled fish with onions and shrimp was out of this world. It took me back to when I was living in Miami as a child.
They have really good fried pork chunks, black beans and rice, cuban sandwich and the guava and cheese pastry is "amazing" according to my daughter. Have not found good cuban food since we left Miami until now.  The black beans was seasoned perfectly! I have been looking for the real fried pork chunks and found it here. My daughter loved the cuban sandwich.  There was only one person serving/taking orders and she was very nice. We will definitely go back the next time we go to Ft. Meade.
This is a quaint little restaurant in downtown Bartow with a real warm, community feel. The owners were extremely friendly and very attentive in making sure we were happy with everything. The arroz con pollo was tasty but the ropa vieja was intensely flavorful and delicious. I would definitely order it again. The tostones topped with chopped onions and sauce were also incredible. This will definitely be a go-to spot when visiting Bartow.
