My parents loved it. My nieces loved it. Everyone had a blast. This experience - as I would like to call it instead of a ride - had something for everyone. I know Ellen is awesome. But I don't get to watch her perform much. (No, I am never around the Telly when Ellen show airs :-)). So having her as the main anchor in this super fun educational experience was simply cool. Again - she is funny as heck and kept the entire Jeopardy enactment hilarious (also kudos to Jamie Lee!) all the way till the very end. I especially loved the final answer she gives that wins her the game (won't reveal it for y'all) Bottom line - if you want young kids to be not only conscious about environment and the energy preserves, but proactive in the future - this one does everything right. A class entertainment in the form of the illusion that the auditorium is in motion and taking you on a journey only adds to the fun. And then come in the faux dinosaurs. Why won't the kids love it? They can only wish them creatures will try to do something vicious. But no. They don't. Go for it. It's a complete family experience.
I had very low expectations for this ride, but I was pleasantly surprised. We started off in a giant room and I honestly thought this was where the entire ride would be.  There were benches around the room, but the room was huge and there wasn't that many, so I figured this must be a very unpopular ride.  It turned out that you spend 8 minutes watching the beginning of the ride on the giant screens and then go inside to board cars that take you through the rest of the ride.  If you like Ellen Degeneres, you will enjoy this ride.  Sure her hair style is outdated, but the jokes are still pretty funny.   The second thing I did not expect was that the cars inside move you through a ride.  Again, the ride is somewhat outdated, but having Ellen and Bill Nye the science guy lead you through it is entertaining.   The one thing I was disappointed about, what I didn't learn a lick about Energy.  All the information was very generic. This isn't a must see, but I think it is fun to see once.
(This is yet another late one from our jaunt to see The Rodent back in February that I probably forgot more about then I remember.) Calling All Insomniacs!!! Are you having trouble getting in your 7-8 hours a night? Is this leading you to yawn all day wishing you could just take a break and close your eyes for a while even if you're paying thousands of dollars while on vacation? Don't worry because Disney has you covered!  EEA is the third part of the Disney snooze trifecta along with Tomorrowland Transit Authority & the Enchanted Tiki Room.  Between the three you can easily get back around 75 minutes of awesome snooze time that you may have missed the night before! In all seriousness this one really is bad.  The preachy ideals at the end are dated and annoying.  It's hard to remember Ellen looking so homely before she went LA Fabulous or even Alex Trabek with a mustache.  I mean this thing is knocking on the door of being twenty years old and it shows. I guess if it's hot as hell outside then come on in and enjoy the A/C or if you didn't sleep so well last night or have a bitchin' case of narcolepsy you can get a good 30-40 minutes here but past that this is truly a once and done experience and that might be pushing it.
Good ride if your looking to educate yourself or your kids on where Energy comes from while being entertained. The ride has been around for ages, no pun intended, but the content is still relevant today. The ride features Ellen Degeneres and Bill Nye "The Science Guy". The concept surrounds Bill Nye educating Ellen about the importance of energy and where it comes from, while you, the audience get taken along for the ride. It is a slow moving ride, but the intent is not to thrill you, but to educate you. If you're just looking for thrills, this is not the rude for you. Lastly, one last important feature of this ride is that it's indoors and air conditioned. On a very hot day like yesterday and with feet aching, this was a welcome reprieve.
I really don't know why this attraction gets such a bad rap.  Yes, it's been around forever, and yes, it could use some updating, but I think it's still a really good attraction.  We don't hit it every time we are at Epcot, but we do hit it fairly often.  Especially when we are at Epcot during the dead heat of the summer.  The attraction is fairly long (about 45 minutes) and it's in the a/c which is a nice reprieve from the very hot and humid Florida weather.  If you have very small ones, there's a good chance they may fall asleep, which I don't think is necessarily a bad thing b/c the little ones usually need a nap after being in the Parks with their parents from early morning until often times very late at night.   I think Ellen is quite funny.  I've always loved her and I think Disney did a great job when she was added as part of this attraction.   The dinosaurs are pretty cool.  They are old, but hey, Disney has always made some darn good animatronics!  No, they aren't state of the art, but they are still good, darnit! I've never seen them scare young children (and like I said, I've done this attraction many times), but it is a possibility.  Basically, know your kids. If you've never done this attraction, I recommend it.  Especially when it's really, really hot!
This is a decent ride that is nearly ruined by a lame pre-show. Since this attraction is open throughout the day, it is a welcome refuge to the heat you are likely to experience at EPCOT. No waiting in lines, just file in and stand in a giant room with large movie type screens above you. Once the show starts there is a film that sets up the ride, but for me, it nearly ruined the entire thing. I love Ellen and am proud that she is a hometown girl who became a huge success. Unfortunately I didn't find the Jeopardy sequence to be that funny. Bill. Bye on the other hand was quite informative. Once it ends the doors open and you go inside of an even larger room and find a seat. Silly me believed I was actually sitting in a theater until I realized that I was still in Disney. At some point I realized the theater seated were actually a theater vehicle that began moving. It travels through numerous animatronic dinosaurs including one who may sneeze on your group. Don't worry though, you won't get wet. The ride is fun and informative and concludes with lessons on alternative energy. They actually explain the pros and cons of the different forms of energy and are pretty fair when discussing them. I do recommend you check out this ride, especially if it's hot outside. The 40 minute break in a/c can help recharge your batteries.
Personally, I've always loved their ride.  Yes, their preshow can be a bit lame at times, being it's just Ellen DeGeneres on the mock-Jeopardy set, but you got to give it to them: the rest of the ride far trumps the preshow.  It shows a lot of information that most other energy exhibits elsewhere don't show, in the history of making energy.  From the age-of-Dinosaurs up until now, this place has plenty of information bottled up inside. I've always wondered how this place can do it.  You walk in on large platform, the boat later takes off.  It makes a giant circle, and what feels to be makes one full circular spin, repositions at exactly the same location as before.  You kinda' wonder if the boat took off, or, if by a matter of perspective, the exhibit comes to  you as the platform moves away (and later back again).  yes, you do feel the motor starting, but that motor feels like it's coming from near the platforms moving, and not from the ride vehicle. Just my two cents.
What's not to love about this ride? It includes, Ellen DeGeneres, Bill Nye, Alex Trebek, Jamie Lee Curtis and dinosaurs. When we walked in we had no idea what this ride was, but figured we'd give it a try. It's not the best ride by any means, but it's quirky and weird and honestly doesn't make a lot of sense, but it's fun and all their personalities We were seated in what we thought was a theater and suddenly we were on a slow moving ride through the prehistoric era. Silly, but fun. What's better than that?
I don't know... I get some of the negative reviews. Yes, it is a long ride. Yes, it can be a little boring. But you should have rode this thing back in the 80s. Without Ellen, it was much worse. With Ellen, there is some entertainment value. Back in the 80s, this was a really advanced ride and quite a spectacle. Now, given all the other rides you will experience, it may be a meh moment for you. For me, the mix of nostalgia and smart alec Ellen dialogue makes it entertaining and a nice rest from the Florida sun and crowds. I enjoy it. But like everyone else says, be ready to lose 45 minutes of your day. As for the dinos, they are nothing like what you will see at Dinosaur at AK. But they are still kinda cool. Maybe the little kiddos will get restless. Mine were ok. But this is a never miss at Epcot for me. So, if you haven't done it before, give it a try. You might learn something about energy or dinosaurs.
The former Universe of Energy used to make me spazz out as a child because it had dinosaurs. It still has dinosaurs, but you must endure much pain and suffering before seeing them. What used to be an educational film has been replaced by Ellen, Alex Trebek, Bill Nye the Science Guy and terribly unfunny scripting. From the moment Ellen emerges on the screen, you know the film is old as hell. This is closeted Ellen, when she still had her sitcom. This is Alex Trebek with a mustache, which we know he hasn't rocked in at least a decade. This is Bill Nye the Science Guy, missing since 2000. It's the little details like this that make you think Epcot really just doesn't give a damn anymore. The pre-film takes place in a sweaty little room with no seats in which little kids and adults alike take the opportunity to pass out on the floor, then it moves into the big theater room. This is where the seats magically move, a thing that used to impress me when I was a small, fairly stupid child. What was once an educational and interesting film has been replaced with a stupid plot in which Ellen falls asleep and ends up on Jeopardy, where she loses to Jamie Lee Curtis and is mortified, not realizing her arch nemesis will one day peddle yogurt that makes you poop. Bill Nye then comes in and whisks her off to learn about energy. After daydreaming or texting your way through this unfunny film, the seats finally move off into Dinosaur Land. The dinosaurs are the best part of the ride. The neon green and orange T-Rex trying to take out the Stegosaurus is incredibly dramatic, even though there's a lack of blood. There's an animatronic Ellen battling a giant snake, and animatronic Ellen looks nothing like real Ellen, but looks like a crazy lady who owns at least fifty cats and poisons her Halloween candy. There's a giant snail and big dinosaurs that blow steam out of their noses. When this was the Universe of Energy, this ride used to break down constantly during the dino portion, but that distinguished honor has now been passed off to Spaceship Earth so it's usually smooth sailing here now. Sadly, the dinosaur portion ends and you have another fifteen minutes of film to endure. The plotline thickens as Bill Nye tells Ellen where our sources of energy come from, including coal and wind. No shit, Bill. This is a good time to take a nap on the huge seats and regenerate some energy of your own. Over the years, I've seen many good Epcot rides come and go (Horizons, Body Wars, World of Motion, the formerly great and now atrocious Journey to Imagination), but Ellen's Energy Adventure seriously needs to be taken out back and shot. It's far too long and Alex Trebek's mustache simply reminds you of how far we've fallen as a society since he shaved it off.
I first went to this ride as a child, 10 years ago (when Ellen was introduced as the host) and just last week. The show is still the same as it was in 2013. It certainly needs updates (as does most of Disney, sadly). As others said, we wait in a huge room for Ellen to set the stage about why we are going to learn about Fossil fuels.  And it is a long ride--great for when it's raining or super hot! It's something you should do just once...to say you survived!
3 stars only because you can sit in AC for 40+ minutes. Otherwise, skip this one. Our most recent visit to Epcot was in July so we were happy to sit in the cool air for 4-+ minutes, but the show is OLD.  Ellen is really young in the movie and the production value is really low because of its age.  It's a cute show, but you are stuck in there for a long time.  Why haven't they updated yet? The lines delivered by Ellen and Bill Nye is pretty horrible. The information is good but it feels so old because of the age of the movie. The dinosaurs don't really add anything to the experience. Need AC and a rest off your feet? Then head on it. Short on time and want to do fun stuff that isn't old and outdated? Skip it.
It's another of the long time mainstays at Epcot that is meant to be more of an educational learning experience, along with an easygoing ride using a combination of video and animatronics. The whole thing is hosted by Ellen DeGeneres and Bill Nye the Science Guy. The story here revolves around a lame dream that Ellen has about her stupidity when it comes to science and energy. She ends up on Jeopardy with Alex Trebek and Jamie Lee Curtis well before Jamie was doing those Activia poop commercials. Horribly long as you will be trapped here for about 45 minutes in total. This has now become one of the worst of Epcot and almost insufferable because of Ellen and the bad scripting. Please do away with Ellen and company, or revamp this ride! The best part about this ride is when we are transported back in time to the era of the dinosaurs. It's still pretty cool to ride through and have them move all around you. Other than that the rest of it is kind of boring. Plus, the whole Ellen thing is in need of a makeover. At this point she is just not funny, and her schtick is boring and borderline annoying. The whole ride is kind of dated, the video is old, but does deliver a message with some learning tidbits thrown in. The lines for this move quickly as everyone is in a big room watching the pre-ride video and then they open the doors to board. It's one of those attractions to jump on to take a quick nap and enjoy some cool AC. Other than that if you miss this it's no big loss. Go on at least once to say you did.
This is one attraction (among a handful) that my travel buddy ALWAYS sleeps on. He wakes up ever so slightly at the dinosaur section but then falls back into his sleep. He always enjoys this naptime and we go to Ellen's Energy Adventure every trip! As Jeremy said, it's a 45 minute naptime for my friend. I love Ellen so I love that she is the main character throughout the ride. The dinosaur part may be scary for little kids but it's not all that bad, even for me who has a huge fear of dinos! The animatronic Ellen is hilarious because it really looks nothing like her! The premise of the entire show/ride is that you are inside of Ellen's dream/nightmare in which she is playing Jeopardy horribly, but after some education she comes back and .....Cliffhanger! You'll have to ride yourself to find out. ;) Seats are not the most comfy but you never have to be smooshed in with a bunch of other people, usually you get a whole row to yourself.
This was the most boring attraction. My wife and I both fell asleep. Don't waste your time here.
Skip this unless you need a lengthy break inside (this show runs about 45 mins!). And the worse part? It's not informative OR funny. They took a very funny person (Ellen), an engaging character (Bill Nye the Science Guy) and even Jamie Lee Curtis and somehow created a dry as dust attraction that is, quite frankly, something of an embarrassment.
Good grief this was boring and long and needs a revamp desperately. If you're looking for a dark space for your kid to catch that nap to keep 'em quiet, this is the one.
Parts of this are funny and parts are kind of boring. Its a very, very , very long ride but if you need something to do, want to sit down, be entertained and be in the AC out of the sun then this is a great choice. I wish they would shorten the ride, and update it a bit more. Even the animontrics are kind of lame.
Clever and Educational. Bill Nye is AWESOME and Ellen is pretty funny, but not hysterical. The old school dinosaurs are pretty lame, but had they gotten rid of them I would have been terribly disappointed. It is not a short ride, but entertaining enough to keep our attention the whole time. We did not have any little kids in our group, and little kids might want a bit more excitement. It is educational, even though it is rather elementary, you might be surprised by what you forgot from elementary school. Part of the appeal to me is that I really really liked Bill Nye when I was younger. Just seeing him up on the big screen brings back my favorites parts of elementary school science class. The ride is pretty old, and adding Ellen and Bill Nye was a modernization attempt probably more than a decade ago. Imagine how old it would seem if there were not in it. Do not expect any thrills. Do expect some chuckles, a little bit of elementary science education refreshment, and a whole lot of Bill Nye nostalgia!
Ellen is funny in this attraction, but what is even funnier is that this ride has remained the same I think since 1996.  The ride needs to be updated or scrapped completely.  While the tram ride through Ellen's dream is a lot of fun, the dated movie segments don't help to make this an exciting adventure.   It's worth at least one ride and you will finally learn what source of power will never run out.
During the show the hosts mention things like Climate Change and Nuclear energy being controversial but present the Big Bang as FACT and dont mention that is simply a theory. I found that to be sad since many young children will view this ride/video. Then again liberal indoctrination often begins at a young age. The ride is simply an excuse to get out of the heat.
this has got to be one of my favorite rides! it is a 45-minute ride so you must be ready to sit tight and enjoy the show. it is also an educational ride plus you do get a little bit of rest.
This was the funniest part of Epcot because the Elasmosaurus was broken and another robotic creature had hydraulic steam shooting out of its head.  Place is in such disrepair that you can't help laughing.
The last time I visited this attraction was 2002. Ellen still looks the way she did at that time. The ride is pretty good. I do agree, not a lot of thrill,  but it's a great place to visit for relief from the heat as well as walking for a long period. Overall, a great attraction.
This attraction is long, but very cute. Nothing thrilling like a roller coaster, but you have to see it just once. Ellen is the best.
