You may think of Wild Africa Trek as a behind-the-scenes tour of the Kilimanjaro Safari ride. Instead of being confined to the vehicle and the time limitation of the semi-scripted experience, you are on foot with two guides (who are also your official photographers) and a few fellow trekkers. If you're lucky, the animals will be active and amusing at the time of your adventure, and you are not stuck with grumpy travelers. During ours, we witnessed a dung shower by one of the hippos, fighting crocodiles, a pregnant giraffe, active baby elephant and baby rhino, but very sleepy felines. We were fortunate to also have joyful trekkers along with us. The guides were very knowledgeable, and so were the other guides that met us at each animal post. The entire experience lasts approximately 4 hours with quite a bit of walking in the beginning, then a leisurely safari ride in the second half. A delicious snack is provided mid-way. Our snack was proportioned as such - it's not lunch or dinner, after all. It was a treat to be able to enjoy it, which also came with a blend of fresh fruit juices, in the middle of the safari. You will be the envy and intrigue of those passing by in the ride. The high ropes section was fun, and not at all too scary. You go over the crocodiles and hippos, so be sure to look down and take in the view. Oh, and smile for the cameras. We were grateful that the photos were at least taken with decent cameras and when we received our disc, we were very pleased with the outcome. We got a picture with every significant experience along with very impressive pictures of the animals we encountered. But keep in mind that you will see everyone else's pictures, and they will see yours. Highly recommended, especially when you feel you've exhausted all there seems to do at Animal Kingdom. But I would recommend that you seek special offers and take advantage of those instead of paying full price for the experience.
First this tour isn't cheap. Wild Africa Trek is $189 to $249 per person, plus tax. Prices vary based on season There's 2 tours in Animal Kingdom.   One is behind the scenes with the animals, the sick animals, what they eat, etc.  This is not that one. Then there's this one where you get to walk behind the scenes, and enjoy the animals from the savannah.  Lots of walking and I believe a weight requirement as they hook you up to safety gear.  I would not recommend this for little kids under say, 6. Like going on the regular safari tour, you'll get to see animals.  How many? Depends on the mood of the animals.  But, you'll get great photo shots of them, many up close.   I took a similar tour in Guadalaja, Mexico, and the tour there was better, as we got to feed the animals.  I guess Disney doesn't want to get sued so they limit the interaction with the animals.  Minus one star for that.  I think for the price we paid, we could be a little more interactive. There is a lot of walking but its not overly strenuous.  I'm not in shape at all and was able to do the tour, and they do make plenty of stops and keep you hydrated.   A little more than midway they stop for a snack and a pee break.   At the end of the tour they give you a card with a code so you can see all the photos our tour guide took.  They're yours to keep and share. If you're a passholder, they sometimes offer discounts.  Closed toe shoes required (I wore Toms and they were fine) and they'll ask you to lock up loose articles.  Don't worry about carrying your cell phone. Trust me, won't need it. Is it worth the splurge?  It depends if you like animals, are willing to walk 3 hours, and like seeing the Disney behind the scenes.   Would I do it again? I think so, but only if I brought a newbie.
Awesome unique experience and worth the splurge.  You get up close and personal with a few of the animals and the safari is at your own pace.  The truck pulls over away from the regular safari vehicles and you have enough time to ask questions and take as many pictures as you want.   The rope bridges are fun and definitely Disney safe!  Now I want to go try the real thing and live on the edge a little.   The lunch was delicious and unique as well.  You head over to a little private savannah and the lunches are served in beautiful tins.  We were all fighting over each others food and sharing what others wouldn't eat.  There is a vegetarian option, just make sure it's noted on your reservation!   Kids will really enjoy this as there's a cute story that goes along with the trek.  Not sure if they do the story when there's just adults.  I wouldn't mind not having it included!
This was such a cool experience. We got a "behind the scenes" look at all the animals, and our guides were extremely knowledgeable about all the animals and were able to answer any questions people had on the tour. There were plenty of great photo ops that were all captured by one of our guides and later mailed to us on a CD. The only reason that I'm not giving it 5 stars is that I was hoping to have a more up-close experience with some of the animals-- maybe that was a little too unrealistic to think, but for the money, I'm not sure if it's worth a second trek. I'd definitely recommend at least once for everyone, though! Oh, and the lunch was super cool.
The tour was great and our guides were very well informed. They were easygoing, fun people who really seemed to enjoy being out with the animals. The walk over the rope bridges also isn't as bad as it may sound. I don't do well with heights, but I wasn't at all freaked out going over the bridges (I did hold on tight, though). I do think the tour is a bit overpriced, but that's Disney! A t-shirt can cost $50 here, so I guess a full behind-the-scenes tour like this is worth $200. Disappointingly, a note regarding a shellfish allergy was ignored, so about half of the meal I received was wasted. I did expect more attention to detail considering the cost of the tour. The allergy was noted when we checked in, but I guess the request was not honored in the kitchen. Generally, here's what you can expect from the tour: You will meet up behind the big bar in Africa, and get fitted for your gear. You will be discreetly weighed (you must be under 300 pounds including the gear they have you wear, and the gear weighs less than 10 pounds). You will then be asked to leave all belongings in a locker unless the item can be attached to your vest. Generally, everything but your camera will be left behind. Be sure that your camera includes a wrist strap so it can be attached to your vest - otherwise, you may need to leave it behind as well. You are given a cool water bottle (to keep) which is filled an attached to your fest. There is a place about halfway through the tour where you can refill that bottle. You head off through the park, along the main Africa street. You quickly move through the insect house, exit through the back, and then head into the private area to begin your tour. You walk a bit to the hippos, where you'll see them fed and have the opportunity to ask questions. You'll then walk a bit further, head over the rope bridges, and spend some time viewing the crocodiles from up close. You then walk a bit more to meet your private tour bus, which takes you along the normal Safari tour. The benefit of the Africa Trek is that you get to stop along the way and spend extra time viewing the animals. We spent a lot of time with the giraffes, and got lots of background information from the guides. From there, you'll head over and have lunch on a cool platform thing from which you can view the elephants, flamingos, and even the lions (from a good distance). After you leave, you drive past the lions, zebras, and a few other animals. You then head back, pick up your belongings, and head on your way. As an added bonus, the guides are taking photos of you and the animals during the entire tour. I have not received the CD with the pictures yet, but it's only been a week. I very much look forward to getting it since I'm sure their pictures are much better than mine!
It's overpriced. Most of the trek is something you already experience on the regular safari. It's too long and the food, while not bad, is also not great. That being said, you get great photos of you and your group, the tour guides are knowledgeable and funny, and it is a relaxing time in a busy park.
Drastically overpriced for what you get. The tour never gets more than a few yards from the tour route. Yes, you can take quite a few pictures, but of a very small number of exhibits (Animal Kingdom in general has far fewer exhibits than most large zoos), and nothing is truly "behind the scenes" at all. Even the much-touted gourmet lunch is underwhelming and quite small - fine for a small woman like myself, but not nearly enough for most of the men on our tour. It wasn't anything special in terms of cuisine, either. In addition, on our visit, the "greeter" who met us at the front of the park was unacceptably rude and hostile. It was quite jarring meeting such a condescending, clearly unhappy person. We didn't have that experience anywhere else at Disney. The woman also promised us two photo CDs, as we live in different homes, but I only received one. I still can't quite believe how nasty that woman was - to my 75 year old mother. She's in the wrong business. The photo package does offer some value - the photographers on our trip were decent, better than the average Disney photographers (white balance was correct, for the only time on the trip). But on the photo CD you'll only get 5 or 6 good pics of your own party. The rest will be of other people. The bridge walk offers value for those who like that sort of thing. But even considering the bridge walk, the photos, and the lunch, the tour is overpriced by at least $100. One of the worst tour values I've ever experienced. The regular Safari takes you past all the same exhibits at no additional cost, and you can use the savings for a gourmet dinner at one of the nearby restaurants and a nice souvenir (as opposed to a cheap pin and a leaky water bottle offered by the tour). We'll avoid Animal Kingdom next time we're in Orlando and try Busch Gardens instead. And I'll do my "trekking" out in the real world rather than Disney.
This was a ton of fun. Disney has really been raising the bar when it comes to entertainment, unique adventures, and food, especially when it has to do with AK. I really enjoyed our cast member guides and the jungle walk. There is a certain charm to get to actually be so up close and personal with the animals.
I wasn't expecting much from this trek.  I am a seasoned traveller and it takes a lot to impress me at this point.  As with everything else, Disney does nothing halfway.   So great - fun...safe and worth the extra scratch.  A++++
Myself, my wife, daughter and son did the Wild Africa Trek at Disney's Animal Kingdom in Florida. It was so much fun, and my favorite part of our week long vacation. It's a 90 minute easy hike with lunch in the middle, and a 90 minute safari truck drive that is much more in-depth than the safari ride available through park lines. You get to get up close and personal with Crocodiles, Hippos, and the other park animals, as well as climbing over two huge rope bridges. You are tethered for safety, but it very much feels like the rope bridge from Indiana Jones and The Temple of Doom. I just kept waiting for Mola Ram to jump at me at the end of the bridge, and say "WELCOME"! Go to disneyworld.com and book this adventure well in advance. It's so worth it. Part of the fee goes to help endangered species, and you get to decide which ones at the end of your trek. Have fun.
