Ok.. i admit that our history is not that exciting, but Disney is that Disney does.. and they make everything exciting and enriching. so it's interesting to see our history and culture done in Disney style, but still keeps you patriotic. It is a little weird to have an America Pavilion in EPCOT, being that you're already in the USA to visit the park, but it's like bringing a little piece of every major American city and moment in time to this one spot for tourists to read and learn about. :) also: Funnel Cake. :)
If you like beer, you'll appreciate this review. I am sure that there are many reasons to visit the American Adventure at EPCOT. I guess one could visit to learn some history, realize that their country sucks compared to America, or even buy Mickey shirts draped with flags, but I come for a different reason. The beer here is stellar. Not only do they offer world famous Abita Purple Haze, they also offer one of the strongest beers in all of Disney. The Hoopegeddon is 9% abv. If you have had a hard day at the park and are in need of a good beer, come here. It's not cheap at $9, but you'll get a lot of bang for your buck. Have a few of these beers and you won't care about the 110 minute wait for Soarin. 'Merica! It's awesome.
Very patriotic setting that has a great show and constant entertainment.  We really enjoyed the band playing solos out front.  Definitely a must visit (gotta get a funnel cake!).
History, Disney, Ben Franklin, Mark Twain, and America. Some of my favorite subjects in life. The American Pavilion, itself, looks like a stately mansion from the era of the Revolution. Upon entering, it reminds you of a stately house of government. From the stairway of flags, to the artwork. This trip, there was an extremely captivating and interesting gallery of African American art and artifacts from a borrowed private collection on display. In several places, there were lamps that activated a story behind some of the works. Most traced a path from slavery to the struggle for freedom and civil rights. All with a common thread of hope and vision. The Amercian Adventure, itself, was a really solid synopses of American history. It traced the stories and struggles that we have experienced in our young country. It showed the many things we pride ourselves on, and a few that are not so proud. But overall, the show was hosted by animatronic Hall of Presidents style Ben Franklin and Mark Twain. They did a solid job of capturing what the two would probably be like if interacting. Really capturing several sides of America. Franklin, the metro futurist worldly man. Twain the rural but educated renasaince man always deliberate and reflecting. I liked that about the show. Much better than just watching a film tracing a landscape from overhead. I am not sure I would change anything with it. Maybe add a few more characters interacting. But other than that, even the kids payed attention. Getting my kids attention is 1 star by itself above whatever I would normally put.
I have always loved seeing and hearing about all these historical events in the life of the average American, and with this, this show is just utterly amazing.  Although it took a long time to get in (about an hour until the last showing of the evening) the day I was there, I enjoyed the show.  Although some factual omissions do exist, I did feel that this show isn't to be missed.  The musical score at times is a bit famous, and even during the others, it's even got pieces from historical literature.  It seems to always have plenty of seating options in the theatre, as it rarely fills to 100% capacity, and meeting outside the theatre is rarely packed in. The guide who leads you up the stairs, or escalator in some cases (yes, there is an elevator, but they don't want you to use it, unless it's a dire emergency) will take you up the stairs that have a Colonial style façade area along with several of the olden-days flags that the country once used which certain drew out our history even further.  I was really lovin' it. Definitely a piece to not miss, though the boat ride to the nearby lands and walking the remainder isn't very pleasurable.  You need your own "terminal" on the boat outside to fully experience.
USA! Go Team America! If you love American history this is a must to see at the American Adventure area in the World Showcase. It's a pretty good show as hosted by animatronic figures of Mark Twain and Ben Franklin. It is a 30 minute theatrical attraction that uses over 30 animatronic figures that look and move like real people and covers events in American history. It's so old school Disney that it is retro cool. Small kids will probably be bored out of their skulls since it's not a fun thrill ride, but those older who have an interest in America's past will find it quite interesting. If you are a true American and love America you will go see it! If, not go to Canada. (no really, head over to Canada as it's only a few minutes walk)
What's there to say about the American Adventure? If you are a fan of Epcot in all of its various forms over the years (from 1982 to the present day) then you are probably one of the many who hold this place near and dear. This epic animatronic stage show spanning the creation and accomplishment of this country, told through the narration of hosts Ben Franklin and Mark Twain, is classic Disney at its very best. They truly don't make attractions like this anymore. Add it to your list of "must do" when at Epcot and making your way around the World Showcase. Plan for about 45 minutes total time spent at the pavilion (and make sure that you plan to see the Voices of Liberty...a truly spectacular and classic Epcot staple). You can pretty much bypass the food at the American Adventure...there's not much to speak of...but DON'T MISS THE SHOW!
Here's a tip....don't come to the American Adventure after eating a big meal and drinking a bottle of Wine at the Italy Pavilion.  We stopped by here right after we had a big lunch and drank a lot of Wine.  Needless to say, that's not a good combination when sitting in a dark, cool theater and watching a 20 minute long history of the United States.....I was nodding off to sleep in my chair and Wifey had to nudge me the entire time.  Despite the food and drink coma, it was still a pretty boring presentation.  The best part of the deal was looking at the replica documents of the Constitution, etc in the lobby. yelp.com/biz_photos/amer… yelp.com/biz_photos/amer… yelp.com/biz_photos/amer… yelp.com/biz_photos/amer… Judging from how empty the theater was, it's not one of the popular attractions. yelp.com/biz_photos/amer… Return Factor - 20%
From my first time dancing on the stage as a young Fred Astaire, to the massive dance party on at New Years 2014, the American Adventure is fun for the all ages! The different bands that play music, to the Candlelight Processional, the stage brings all the stars you love one amazing location. Not only dose the American Garden Theatre house some of the countries best Bands/Celebrities, the Voices of Liberty light up the stage on occasion. Most of the year, these incredible singers will sing in the rotunda, amplifying the pristine harmonies of this A Capella group. During the holidays, these fabulous voices will melt your heart along with choirs from around the Nation in this tradition started by Walt Disney himself; The Candlelight Processional. I can't emphasize enough how beautiful an evening you can have when you see this heavenly show. I always go once a year with my family, as one of out holiday traditions. There is nothing better than Family, Love, and beauty felt in this Magical Pavilion!
Ben Franklin and Mark Twain recounting American History? Awesome! To be honest, the show is a little long and a little Disney-ized, but it's nice to present the ideal image of America to the world once in a while too. It's similar to the Hall of Presidents, but different enough to be a new experience. I really enjoy both of those attractions, but I'm not sure either is as good as Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln at on Main Street in Disneyland.
The overhang and high top tables (and picnic tables) were a nice reprieve from the sun after walking through the world showcase.  The bathrooms in this area are also much cleaner.
A great show at this pavilion.  The story of America as told by Mark Twain and Ben Franklin is definitely one of my favorites at EPCOT. You can't help but feel patriotic and shed a tear or two watching it.  They really did a fantastic job.  I don't usually eat here as the food can be found at any one of 25 different food kiosks and fast service restaurants in the Disney complex.  When I'm strolling around the world I go for the exotic.  I wish they had an India or Thailand pavilion.  Now that would be some good food.
There is a nice show and small museum inside the main building. The building had great A/C, so if you need to cool off, this is the place to go. There is also a great Ayn Rand quote front and center when you walk in. There is only quick serve at this showcase.
Great and LONG presentation...  The presentation is with robotics, and that slow calm voice may make you sleep... If you are short on time around the park, feel free to skip this show...
