I was planning my twin boys' birthday party.  We had been to a party at Fat Daddy's in Destin, and had had a pretty good time, so I opted for the one on the Island so we didn't have to deal with Destin.  Firstly, I was a little worried because when you call to book a reservation, it goes to an answering machine.  My work had recently had a VERY bad experience with another place in Destin, so I was thinking, "Ohhhh, here we go."  But, happily, I was called back only a bit later and the very helpful and nice lady (can't remember her name) set me up and explained everything very thoroughly.  And the bonus was that since it was considered "off season" that instead of being about $15 per kid, it was $10 per kid.  She was very friendly and laid back, which put my mind to ease, as it was going to be a total crap shoot on how many kids were going to be there.  At any rate, and just to get to the point already, the party was this past Sunday and we had the entire upstairs to ourselves.  Tim was our host and he did a wonderful job!  The party ended up much smaller than we had anticipated (Yay!) with seven children.  Another bonus, was that there were TVs set up on one wall with kid cartoons and then behind the bar, football - which when my husband asked if they could put on 'his' game, Tim complied happily. The kids were all hyper as hell, literally running all over, but Tim was cool and had a great sense of humor.  The kids' lunches were good (kid food) and my burger and husband's wings were not bad at all!  The burger was overcooked, but was flavored nicely and the nice part was that the bun, slice of tomato and such were really good.  Fries were fresh and my husband, who is pretty picky about his wings, was pleasantly surprised.  Tim got everyone everything they needed and made a point to bring extra sea creatures for the kids.  When it was time, we went downstairs for the kiddies posing with the alligator.  The handler was a bit gruff and snapped at me when I told my son to not squeeze the animal's neck (apparently you should squeeze to give the it confidence?), but she took an awesome photo and obviously enjoyed sharing scientific facts about her gator.   The arcade was a bit small, but CLEAN and again, the staff behind the counter was very patient with the children trying to cash in their tickets. It was a really nice experience, very laid back (which is what I was interested in - NO STRESS).  The food was fine and the service was OUTSTANDING.  Plus, it ended up pretty dang inexpensive for what I envisioned.  I would gladly go back there for Sunday football!  My husband would, too!
Food was mediocre. Service was ok. The kids wanted to hold a gator which seems to be their main gimmick besides the chuckie cheese type arcade. The place was about as clean as a dive bar, and was way overpriced for the quality. Kids had a good time so i guess thats what we set out to do. The "legendary hype" this place has is a leftover from back in the day.. This place would be well suited to call Bar Rescue and get a makeover..
Had dinner at fudpuckers last night with the family (family of 6).  Nothing to rant and rave about - simply average at best.  Food is typical of a greasy bar and grill or fast food fish restaurant which I kept tasting the rest of the night.   The good:  service and portion size.  It's like they make up for the high price with quantity versus quality. The bad:  food and price.  The prices average in the high teens to mid-twenties.  I don't mind paying high prices so long as the food is worth it - not in this case.   I shared a $20+ chicken fingers and popcorn shrimp platter with my two youngest.  Batter was tough and chewy; greasy.  Had a salad with it which was an entree unto itself.  Wife ordered the shrimp scampi which turned out to be a bunch of small mushy popcorn shrimp cooked in butter.  Son ordered a bacon cheeseburger and loved it.   Stopped in the gift shop afterwards since the son wanted a t-shirt ... $30.  Grrrrr.  Didn't do the alligator thing since that was also overpriced (had to pay to enter). If you're looking for good seafood, this is not it.
Never even got to eat, went there for lunch for the first time on Saturday.  We had never been there before and when we went to the desk , we were the only ones in line.  The hostess proceeded to ignore us as she applied lip gloss so we began to wander around seeing the room marked as wings and such and we we were trying to figure if that was the "dining room" the hostess then chose to look at us and we asked if that was the dining room.  She then began speaking to us as if we were 2 years old with a voice dripping with sarcasm.  We just turned around and left.  Do not go here, it apparently is a victim of bad management or employees, there are many other places who would like to have customers.
Ewww... over priced garage they call food! Way over rated. Tourist trap. Go somewhere else, anywhere. See the gators then leave. Don't go hungry, the food is horrible. Go elsewhere!
Wanted so badly to like Fudpucker's extended watersports business but the service was extremely rude and I could not overlook it. I put down $300 for an all-day jet ski reservation for a local event. I called back a couple days before the event to ask about the cancellation policy because the forecast was calling for thunderstorms. They explained I would have to give them roughly 12 hours notice to cancel so they would have a chance to rebook for the event (that's reasonable) but if I were to hold onto the reservation into the morning of the event, then I would need to pay for it. They said if the event was canceled due to weather I'd still likely be charged for the whole day. They didn't seem positive on this detail though so I asked for clarification before I was out $300 for a single hour rental instead of a day. It must've been a long day because right after I asked that, the individual on the phone gave a huge sigh and passed it over to her co-worker and I heard her say, "HERE, you tell him". The person that came on said, "It's not that difficult to understand, she's already explained it OVER AND OVER AGAIN for FIFTEEN MINUTES." It had only been four minutes... but I stayed silent "We're not gonna force you to go out, just cancel it now if you don't want to go" I was so surprised by how I was being tag-teamed like I was on prime-time WWE so I just started to thank him but he hung up. I'm pretty disappointed, I've lived in this area for two years and wanted to help out this local business for what seemed like would've been a fun event but as soon as I asked for more details I was treated like trash. This is nothing against the restaurant or business since a couple employees don't dictate the business as a whole, I just wanted to be put at ease because the weather can turn sour on a dime and you hope businesses can be accommodating of that. If the circumstances had been different I would've come back even if I had to cancel this time, but with this interaction - I'll definitely go out of my way to renting elsewhere.
This restaurant is a tourist trap! Do not fall in! It isn't worth your time or money! The arcade is the only highlight to the place and even that isn't worth it because the prizes are cheap and useless. The only reason I'm giving this place a second star is because my seafood gumbo and the coconut shrimp was actually pretty tasty. I ordered the gumbo and a friend ordered the coconut shrimp. The food is extremely over priced. My friend payed over $21 for some soggy, cold, chicken tenders. I ordered the gumbo because it was the cheapest item on the menu. Another one of my friends ordered the pulled pork sandwich. It arrived cold and the sauce was way too sweet. We also ordered the fried pickles. They were mediocre, nothing to write hope about. The service wasn't that great either. The waitress seemed confused. She forgot one of our orders, and she took forever to bring the check. I honestly don't understand why this place is so popular or why people keep coming back. And a side note: There's a sign that says "Caution: Live Alligators" out front. What a joke! They had one and it was a baby. They keep him trapped in a small tank off by himself. I felt bad for the little guy, Fudpuckers would be a horrible place to live.
Restaurant/bar/arcade/oyster bar/gator land/watersports. Food sucked. Waitress said pizza was fabulous. We tried it. Green peppers weren't cooked on it, sausage was questionable. Crust was tough. My kids who love gumbo ordered the gumbo and both quickly rejected it upon first bites. Told waitress and she removed from bill. It looked nothing like the picture someone posted of their gumbo. When your kids say "let's never go back there again" you know it's bad.
We wanted a change in menu and a change in decor so we picked Fudpucker's. We enjoyed a really nice vegie pizza and outstanding service from Jacob. The  atmosphere was really laid back and nothing about this place is fancy. Had a good time and would come back again.
Go to the other Fudpuckers... in Destin!  It's the real deal!  We ended up at this one and it was just a shadow of the real one.
Went here on a Saturday night as the tourists flooded in. Had to wait 45 minutes because of a 30-person party that arrived shortly before us. When we discussed if we should leave, the wait suddenly shortened to 10. Then the fact that the children's arcade is RIGHT AT the front entrance should have warned me. This place is more reminiscent of Chuck-e Cheese than a restaurant, with a bar around the corner so that parents can abandon their children to fill up on overpriced tokens for cheap prizes while they drink. But the continual screaming and running kids during dining was defiantly a turn off. The food was ok. I ordered their version of a bacon cheese burger. I asked the waitress if they could put a cooked egg on top (one of my favorite ways to eat a cheeseburger) and at first she said yes, they can do that. Great! About 15 minutes later she returns and tells me flat out the cooking staff is "too busy" to deal with that kind of custom order and didn't want to spend the time making it. That tells me two things (1) Your food is pre-packaged and you don't want to (2) stretch your self-imprisoned and lacking cooking skills outside of your pre-conceived menu. To their credit shortly thereafter their manager came out, apologized, and provided me with a free drink. The food finally arrived and my burger was basically a brick. Deeply charred and well done. I had asked for medium well but at that point I was willing to forgo it and eat since it was now after 7pm. Others in my group didn't fair as well and returned their orders with oysters not cooked, or burgers raw. Again the manager returned and was apologetic. Basically I rate this restaurant at two stars because of its child-esk atmosphere and poor cooking staff who clearly can't fix along a prepackaged menu. If you have kids and don't want to deal with them for a while as they play arcades - great this is the place. If your looking for a good dining experience...go elsewhere.
Typical tourist spot, had a "chuck e cheese" type atmosphere as there is a large arcade at the front entrance.  Had some neat things like an alligator photo op ($10 minimum) and a full size gift shop. As far as the food and service, the food was average at best and extremely overpriced.  To be expected at a tourist spot such as this chain.  The service was pretty bad.  Our server was incompetent and constantly forgot things.   I even got my crab legs... Then waited 5 minutes to get the cracking tool. If you're here on vacation with kids, it's decent, but expect very high prices for average food.  Otherwise, spend your money at a better location.
I don't know what these people are talking about who rated this place 2 out of 7 stars. Obviously haters who are representing another restaurant. This place is awesome. Some may say a typical tourist trap but what place in fort Walton beach isn't. That's what makes them great. But this place has awesome drinks and awesome food.
Tourist restaurant.   They should be embarrassed serving the mahi sandwich.   Tiny piece on fish, over priced.  Fried pickles were awesome, but not enough to over come the rest.
Great family place(arcade and kids music videos on tv)....bout it. Food was subpar and the waiter was annoyingly animated.
This place is way overrated. It does have an arcade to entertain children but the food and service are horrible. Our waitress couldn't answer any questions regarding the menu items. The prices are very high especially for the quality of food! It's kind of hard to mess up chicken tenders but theirs are disgusting. The fries are heavily seasoned. They need just a light dusting but that's not the case. I would definitely save your money if you're thinking of eating here!
This place is overrated for sure. Maybe the kitchen was having a bad day but our food was not good. I got the ribs and shrimp scampi, the shrimp was good but the ribs were over cooked and hardly edible. I do wish we would have tried the drinks, they looked awesome!
Very disappointing. We waited 40 minutes for a table, not because they were crowded on Saturday night, but because they did not have enough wait staff. Our waiter shared with us that he was the only server working tonight who was not brand new. Food was awfully disappointing to boot (even for a touristy place).
Drinks are great!  Food was horrible and overpriced.  Fries are seasoned but not tasteful.  The cutlets were fried earlier and reheated.  The waitress was extremely unfamiliar with the extensive menu.  The tshirts and gift store was really cool.  The items were well organized and the cashier was very helpful!  I would eat elsewhere and then come for drinks and t-shirt.
First, this review is based solely on the Restaraunt, not the entertainment. The food was tastey but pricey. Luckily I had a coupon from a local guide book. Their chicken nachos appetizer was superb! My only downside was that our server was very slow. Otherwise, great place to grab a bite!
Great  service...great burgers. Kids loved the gift shop...and pictures with the Lil gator..
Mediocre tourist trap describes Fudpuckers best.  The food was extremely overpriced for the bland, previously frozen, and minuscule entrees.  They have gimmicky things that may capture the interest of children and young adults.  They also have an arcade downstairs where you can win tickets to cash in for prizes.  Fudpuckers seems to be more about a cheesy experience than actually serving freshly prepared food.
I was excited to go and thought it would be a great place to take the kids, especially with arcade next door. But the experience with both fell short. Kind of a low key place with 5 stars prices. My 3 clusters crab plate with corn and slaw was OK if I try not to think so much about the corn that came straight from the can, or the fact the clusters were pretty small. But OK doesn't cut it for me if I have to pay 30$ per meal. There are other places to go around here with whole lot better food for that kind of money. My husband's steak and shrimp meal (also worth 30$) wasn't that great either, as he said : steak had too much fat. If you go I would suggest sticking with their "bar" food - it seemed more reasonably priced.   We did the "tourist" thing and ordered drink in a glass that you take home. Close to 15$ per glass, one could only wish the glass was made out of ...well glass. I'm not a big fan of plastic myself. One good thing about this place...life gators. My kids were happy to get a pic with one and got to pet it as well. Probably the reason why their prices are so high.
Food was generic tourist food and high priced for frozen seafood.
This is a traditional vacation spot for us, but the first time in the new building. The nachos were crisp and flavorful. Fried shrimp was well seasoned and my mushroom hamburger was delicious. It's a family restaurant, so there are lots of kids running around, but it wasn't terribly noisy. Our waiter, Nate, was terrific, personable and attentive. We will be back.
The food was okay. Nothing special. But it was also a bad experience due to the fact that a couple of idiots decided to paint a boat next to the building in the back lot. The paint fumes (actual pro paint) got into the vents and all I could smell was polyeurathene which ruined any fun I was having. Although we complained I don't feel much was done to help us out. Sure the manager told the guys to stop and they moved a couple hundred feet from the building but we barely got any compensation out of it.
Food was good, a little over priced, but good sized portion. Service was fast. I liked this location more than the Destin location. I would go back.
Good food, big portions. Take a marker and write your name on the wall. Had a great time.
Good food a little pricy but they have lunch and martini specials, nice view from second floor .
