Looked for a little joint to eat at while on vacation. Looked this place up and gave it a shot. Very friendly staff. Great prices and great food. We ordered pizza, burgers and cheese sticks...very very good!! Would definitely come back.
Decent food, but not great.  Drinks were good & strong.
Amazing BURGERS and the grilled wings are awesome! Match that with a cold beer and great service! I go every week:)
I was really excited to eat here because of the good reviews.  I had also heard their radio spot that they had German food.  My husband and my three kids went early Saturday evening.  I ordered jaeger schnitzel, husband ordered grilled wings and the older kid got a calzone.  (I'm not going to rate the little kids' food - didn't try it) First issue:  We literally sat directly in front of the service window.  I saw our food come up, our server brought it to us and it was lukewarm at best.  How is this possible?  Anyhow, the schnitzel was disgusting!  It was over fried, had no flavor....  The gravy was nasty!!  I was thinking mushroom gravy, right?  No.  This was like green pepper gravy but cold, gelatinous, sour.  My plate came with potato pancakes and a little thing of German potato salad.  The potato pancakes reminded me of an old makeup sponge that girls use to apply foundation or powder.  I gave it a shot anyway and it tasted spongy and bland, waaaay oily.  The potato salad had a soapy taste to it.  It was really, really bad. Second issue: "How are your wings , Honey?" He replies, "Terrible."  What's the issue?  He said that they tasted like they had been par fried then frozen or refrigerated and finally finished on the grill.  Small wings, too. Third issue:  Calzone.  It actually wasn't that bad.  My daughter only ordered it with cheese, no meat - but again, lukewarm.  The kicker though was that her marinara sauce was ICE cold.  Like serve the beer that cold, not your calzone sauce! Last issue:  The place was filthy.  I am not a prude at all, but the place was really scummy.  I love a good dive bar, but this was just too much.  I might, MIGHT, give their pizza a shot but I'll have to be completely wasted.  Total bummer.
Yeah, so my family and I waited for 1.5 hours. Yes, that is correct. ONE POINT FIVE HOURS ON A WEDNSDAY AFTERNOON! Also, there were only two other patrons in the place. Oy vey.   They had an extrememly sad looking salad bar and I don't recommend it. The server WAS friendly and there were lotsa interesting things to looks at and I was already bored in Destin, so it wasn't a total loss. My contractual BFF (AKA, HUSBAND) and child shared a pizza. Oh boy, was it bad.
This place has awesome pizza!! It's a bit confusing to find since its address is Miracle Strip Pkwy, but it actually faces Brooks Street.  It's worth finding though!  We took my sister and her kiddos w/ us and ordered a pepperoni pizza and a veggie pizza. The kids inhaled the entire 16" pepperoni, so I'm assuming it was a hit.  The veggie pizza was jam-packed full of fresh, delicious veggies.  I really enjoyed it! We had great service and liked the laid-back environment.  We'd def check this place out again.
We got pizza and wings to go. Both were really good. It was nice to take some dinner back to the condo and relax for the evening. We had the Hawaiian Pizza and medium grilled wings. Great food. Looks like a popular hangout for locals, which is usually a good sign, right?
Good service. Live music is great.  I put that is moderately priced, but I've only gone for dinner.  I think their lunch can be cheaper. Best wings!  Get the lime grilled wings.  The "dad" of the group ordered them.  The rest of us gave him a strange eye of "what are you thinking," but he was right.  They were the favorite of the four types of wings we ordered. The fried wings were not greasy and were just perfect. I like the flavor the the pizza crust and fresh good toppings.  It was cooked perfectly.  The crust is a preference so this can't be held against the chef, but I don't love the they way they do crust.  The crust is rolled so there's more dough which is cooked through, but too much for me. I prefer crust thin throughout, so like I said its a personal preference and I'm being very picky.  Their pizza is still very good.  I will totally go there again.
If you belly up to the bar, order a beer and the Frankencheezie, and then call this place bad, you're a communist.  Not only that, you have no idea what you're talking about.  It was good. I cannot recommend enough.
We stop here every time we are in FWB.  Hole in the wall. Thin crust pizza is very good. Staff is friendly. Food has been consistently very good for pizza / pub food. Karaoke is a hoot... You have got to see Some of the regulars... If you are in FWB... Make this a stop for lunch or dinner.
Their pizza is pretty good. It's cooked in a brick oven (only one of it's kind in the area), and they have a pretty mean chicken sandwich too. Their wing sauce is home made.
A teeny tiny hole in the wall dive bar that had wonderful service and great prices!  Our bartender made us feel like we were regulars and right at home! We didnt have a chance to eat, but next time want to try the pizza!! Be sure to get your t-shirt before you leave!! :)
I like this place.  Food is all pretty good and the prices are reasonable.  I love their grilled wings but the last time I had 'em they were a little burnt.
Hard to find, but what a great place. We were a bit underwhelmed when we walked in the door, but decided to give it a chance. Everyone, from age 7 to 40, found something they liked. The grilled wings were amazing, as was the pizza. Highly recommended.
Nice and friendly atmosphere as has been said. Could have done without the game machines sounding off every so often, but we chose the back dining area to avoid the bar and music.  Even though we were the only ones eating back there, our server did not forget us. The food came in a timely manner and was tasty. The thin crust pizza is truly THIN, but fine. I tried two types of wings but much preferred the Carribean jerk. Yummy. And you can order them grilled rather than fried. It would be nice to eat outside if the weather were warm enough. Cozy.
Hit this place up for the first time on a Thursday night...which happened to be $0.35 (or maybe it was $0.39, IDK but it was cheap!) wing night. It was pretty darned good! My party had both grilled and fried wings and both were spot-on! The establishment was relaxed and the live music was enjoyable!
Went here with my family on a rainy weekday afternoon.  It was well past lunch so there was no one in the place.  A great local bar and grill, very friendly, waitress let me sample some beer before ordering and made great suggestions for appetizers.  We ordered the seafood crisp and the potato skins and they were outstanding. We would never have ordered the seafood crisp without the suggestion. My wife and I ordered the Mother Fokker pizza with everything, the crust was great and the toppings good, there were just too many toppings. Kids had the burgers and loved them. A great place for all ages
Great food! Little pricey though and the grilled wings were a little meh..
My friends and I frequent Fokkers for drinks and food.  I've never had anything but the greatest of service and awesome food.  The prices are "working man" good!  I love the pizza.  I'm what one would consider a "wing snob" and I am a huge fan of their wings.  The owners are awesome, friendly and we even take our dogs to the same dog park for play.  If you want something that's being lost in the world (a good old fashioned "my place" bar) you need to step into Fokker's.  You'll be hooked.  If all this wasn't enough, they have great live music there.  I'm still trying to get Bill to let me play a free show there, but suffice it to say I totally love what's going on here!
Good pizza and wings.  I like hot wings but you could taste the cayenne on the kind we got so they were pretty hot!  Crispy wings, which is great.  We arrived during happy hour and got a pitcher of Yuengling for only $6. Added the salad bar for a few dollars.  It's a small basic salad bar but definitely hit the spot.  Great place for cheap but good food and drinks.
We LOVED this place. We ended up coming here twice during our vacation. After eating other places where the food was horrible and over priced we found this local place. I pulled out the laptop, looked on YELP and saw Fokker's pud. Live acoustic music & awesome food (pizza, wings, burgers). Service was wonderful. It IS kid friendly. We had our boys with us. It seems like a family, local hangout. If you are looking for a place to relax and not spend your retirement fund on a meal...this is the place!
