Easily the best draft beer selection in the area.  Lots of space to hang out, get cliquish, and the alcohol will add the competitive edge you need to beat your friends at over-sized versions of Jenga and Connect-Four. A great bar; very original in comparison to all the other watering holes in town.
First, take a moment to notice how all the positive reviews are from over a year ago.   They have a pretty wide beer selection, but none of it is really good.  It's all stuff you can get at the grocery store.  This used to be the best bar in Okaloosa County, but times have changed and Salty Duck hasn't.  Now you only have to go across the street to Tapworks to find a better selection and better prices. They also say they offer growler fills, but the bartender told us they'll only fill growlers you buy from them.  Kind of defeats the purpose of a growler.  Plus their growlers are blue.  There's a reason beer does not come in blue bottles. It's still not a terrible place, but I find myself going there less and less frequently these days.
Great place to go to just relax, chat and have a great selection of beer on tap.  There is no food, just drinks.  I know that makes it easier on the bar but maybe have peanuts or something. There are many different people groups that I see here and everyone gets along.  Hipsters, AF, Cougars, you name it, they are at the Salty Duck to enjoy a beer or two.
Uggh...the fact this has FWB'S Best Beer Selection tells ya all ya need to know about how bad the FWB Craft Beer Scene is.. First the good....at least FWB now has a place where you can get something besides Miller Lite..Coors Light..and Bud Light....they also have a Full Size Connect Four Game and Full Size Jenga Game along with Cornhole and several other games to keep you occupied...honestly that's about all the good... Now for the bad..they pretty much followed the playbook on how to operate a crappy beer bar: 39 Taps with no menus to list what they currently have on tap...check (About 8 to 10 are listed on a chalkboard near the ceiling that most first timers would miss....the other 30 ya still have to guess) Surly Bartenders who get mad when you have to then ask what they have on tap..check Bartenders who think they know a lot about Beer cause they know a lager is light and a stout is dark...check 39 Taps filled with a lot of crappy beers from Abita and Pensacola Bay Brewery...check Beer served too cold and in improper glassware...check Outrageous prices on their beer..check....recent examples they were selling Green Flash Palate Wrecker for 9...Stone Ruination for 8.75...Cigar City Maduro for 7.25..all 3 are easily available in Tampa/Tally Area for 6..5..and 4 respectively...their pints are all 2 to 3  dollars overpriced IMO No Happy Hour to at least drop the price a dollar or two...check Smoking allowed inside to ruin the taste of beer..check Alot of drafts that are flat cause they did not sell fast enough..check I guess when you are the only game in town you can operate like this but the minute another Craft Beer Bar opens on The Emerald Coast this place will be closed faster than The Blonde Bartender cops an attitude with all her customers...this would be a one star in most towns but I am giving it a second just for trying to make the FWB Beer Scene a little better
Nice place. Very laid back and friendly atmosphere. Great selection of beers at reasonable prices. Sometimes the bartender (s) get overwhelmed and the wait for draft pours gets pretty long...but thats just how it gets when a bar is busy. Drinking games, pool tables, and even a punching machine (its pretty funny to watch dudes try to one-up each other on this, "Whats the high score again? OK, i GOT this." "Do you even lift, bro?"). Go check it out, you will have a good time.
This is one of the best beer bars I've seen in awhile. They have about 40 incredible beers/ on tap and what's even more important is the bartenders know what to do with them. After talking with the bartender at length I found out that all of the bartenders are required certain knowledge certifications in order to know their way around the bar's varied and deep selection. they also carry some major beers for those who are looking for something a little more familiar. They had my #1 favorite beer Dale's Pale Ale on tap which was exciting and had a few other Oskar Blues beers as well. I really think the selection and knowledge of the bartenders makes this the best bar within at least 50 miles. Not even a contest. They have a punching bag game, corn-hole, beer pong and Connect Four for those who like to have something to do while they are drinking. The only downside I could find was that they don't carry liquor so no bourbon for me. That being said, I didn't even care because they had such a well-curated tap selection. If you're looking for a place that can help you find your next favorite beer, this is it.
By far the best beer bar in town.  The beer selection is great and it changes with the seasons.  It seems to be growing in popularity, which is great.  Last few times I have been in it has been pretty packed.  The variety of bar games available, including 2x4 Jenga, is outstanding.  The Jukebox is almost always pumping, and the taste exhibited by the patrons I would characterize as above average. I think they sponsor the local Rugby club, which is awesome.   Only two complaints I would have is that (1) it is outside of walking distance to my house and (2) they don't have liquor.  However, neither of these things take away from what they are trying to do and be, so no point deducted.   Definitely towards the top of my list in places to head for a beer and fun night out.
We stumbled in on a random night hanging out. Really great selection of craft beers in a pretty nice bar. It's a fun place to hang out and drink into the wee hours of the morning. No hard liquor, but they do have sake surprisingly. We didn't miss the hard stuff with the huge variety of different beers on tap. Juke box is networked if you have the urge to screw with people and play some truly terrible music. Cornhole set and bigscreens keep you entertained.
I love this place!  They have good music playing, billiards, Corn Hole, Beer Pong, darts, and many many beers on tap.  Great atmosphere!
Salty Duck has a better than average beer selection and a friendly staff.  The crowd is mostly military and young 20s.  Great place to hang if you enjoy good beer and drinking games.
I loved this bar. Tons of drinking games to include beer pong and cornhole. There is a gian connect 4 as well as Jenga. Take the time to read the blocks as you pull them out. They have litte commands you might challenge yourself to do. There was an amazing draft selection I wasn't sure we would see in this area. Lots of people and great fun! Don't pass up a chance to  hang out here. It is a great local hangout and so much fun!
Best beer selection in town!  Great atmosphere. Friendly knowledgable staff. Lots of space and lots to do. I HIGHLY recommend visiting The Salty Duck when you're in the Fort Walton Beach, Destin area
Excellent beer selection. Knowledgable staff. Very laid back atmosphere. A hole in the wall kinda place that is a great time.
if you enjoy drinking, corn hole, connect four, jenga, pinball, pool, or that boxing machine where you get to test your strength for a dollar (which btw, i got a high score and tore a ligament in my right shoulder all at the same time, which really sucked. my shoulder has just never been the same after that. i had surgery and rehab, it's just a shame) then you'll love this place! they have tons of beer on tap and in bottles, hard ciders, and did i mention that the jenga and connect four games are BLOWN UP to adult size? it's crazy! very fun bar, i've never run into any drama there, mostly laid back people just trying to enjoy their nights. i would definitely recommend this place.
