We wanted to avoid the typical vacation/chain places so we took a hands in this place. SO GLAD we did! They were short staffed so there was quite a wait, but the server was apologetic and it us seated as quickly as possible. The food was amazing... From the house salad dressing (roasted pecan blue cheese) to our entrees we were very happy. I go the chicken parmigiana and my husband got the jumbo lump crab cakes. Both were amazing!! We can't wait to go back and try something else!
I like the local vibe here. I hate tourist traps and this was far from it. *this review is about the restaurant, not the bar* Our server was knowledgeable and genuinely upset that they were unable to make the fried green tomatoes we actually came there for. Nevertheless, we ordered two fish dishes: Hazelnut Grouper / I thought it was too nutty, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. Mahi Mahi / this was terrific. Lemon caper sauce paired well as I thought the fish didn't need anything too heavy. The mushroom risotto was a side for both and, honestly, I probably could've just eaten a huge bowl of that as it was actually real risotto and had just the right amount of mushroom to cream ratio. Overall, a decent beer selection, but was actually hoping for more. We would come back if we're ever back in Destin.
We had a fantastic meal here tonight!  First off the bread and oil is the starter and so good.  Then we had the fried green tomatoes (if you don't like seafood don't order these) but they were really good!  Hubby doesn't like seafood and they are covered in a great sauce with crab and shrimp. Then for the meal I had the grouper, my son had the crab cakes and the hubby had the filet tips.  All were great but there was so much we all had to get to-go boxes. Our server was fantastic and very attentive.  We didn't go to the bar next door but it sounded like they were jammin! Definitely worth a visit!
One of the BEST pizzas I have ever had!!! It was so yummy ! We got the 10 inch I suggest that ! For 2 people! I really recommend coming here!
Incredible Grouper and LowCountry Seafood meals. The flavor profiles stand with the best in Las Vegas and NYC. Like most, we typically gravitate to restaurants on the water - and would suggest that you watch the sunset - then cross the street - you won't be disappointed.
Loved our meal here and I'll be back if I'm in Destin again.  Great food for a beach town.  Friend green tomatoes were delicious.  Great service - helpful, fun, not over the top.  Interesting atmosphere.  Great beer selection.  Not terribly overpriced for what you get.
The only reason this place gets 5 stars is because there isn't 6 stars. Found Graffiti's at the last minute at 9:30 on a Tuesday night.  The best complete meal we have had by far at the beach.  As other reviews have posted, the fried green tomato dish is yo die for.  The best fried green tomatoes I've ever had.  The sauce will make you lick the plate. My blackened mahi mahi was great as well.  I would eat there once a week if I lived in Destin.  May make a trip back just to eat there.
This place was so much fun, and the food was delicious! The fried green tomatoes are a must to try! The bread and olive oil dip were awesome too. My fiancé got the buffalo meatloaf which we both loved. I got the lobster ravioli which was good too. We had great service and loved the atmosphere. So unique, and cozy! We went over to the funky blues shack after dinner and had a great time there too! Band was awesome and good drinks!! Can't wait to go back!
The atmosphere is nice.  I love all the art coving the walls, which you can buy.  The food isn't too bad.  I got the manicotti special, which was really good.  My daughter got the fettuccine Alfredo and added chicken.  For $19 I can make a way better Alfredo sauce at home.  The worst part of the visit was the service. It wasn't all that busy.  We were in a room by ourselves. It was very slow.  Our drinks never got refilled once.  I had to ask the waitress to take our plates away when she brought the dessert since she hadn't done it.  We ordered 3 desserts and they came out one at a time.  I would not recommend the cheesecake or creme brûlée.
Live in Sandestin and this is my favorite place to eat in the village.  MUST order the fried green tomatoes and crab cakes, they are "off the chart" good! The oil/bread dip was a little different with a red pepper seasoning, not spicy just lots of flavor. Even if your not a fan of blue cheese dressing, just try it. It's a homemade dressing that has pecans in it! I dip my bread in it. As you can see I don't seem to make it to the entrees, I'm full of appetizers and bread.
This restaurant has great ambience and great food. The crab cakes and pizza were awesome, as was the special. Would have given it 5 stars; however the service was a bit slow on refills/drinks.
Fun times
I really like this place. The inside walls are covered, floor to ceiling, with folk art and all artwork can be purchased if something catches your fancy. We weren't there when bands were laying so I can't recommend it, but the bar area had a large open feel to it and the bar itself was fairly big. Enough to serve lots of patrons. The food was really good. Being in a beach town you see high prices but you come to expect that everywhere. We got the calamari app and it was very good. The fresh baked bread they serve is good too, but what makes it better is the spice/olive oil mixture served with it. My friend loves their clam chowder but alas, it contains pork, so I can not eat it:( For an entree I got the Shrimp and Scallop Low Country, that is local shrimp and scallops on top of Gouda grits with a shitake, corn, and scallion sauce. Tasty but rich and the grits could have used a little less cheese. Blasphemy you say; well that's my opinion. All in all I really liked this place more for the ambiance than the food, but the food was good.
one of my favorite restaurants to bring out of town guests.  We love the wine selection and the staff is always friendly. The food is great....but i mostly love the  view from the top back deck. It's a great place to watch the sunset over the bay.   PERFECT FOR LARGE GROUPS as they have several bar areas for having a private function.
Love this place!! Food was fantastic with large variety - try Fried Green Tomatoes for sure! Artsy cool vibe with live music - has that local feel - plus kids eat free!! Wish it wasn't quite so hot in there but that's totally worth it!
It was a little dark and you seem to wait a few minutes to be seated even though not to busy. The food was pretty  good. They give you all the rolls you want. There was a pretty good beer list and the waitress was friendly and attentive. I would go back but also know it is a little pricey which I don't really understand for Italian food.
So I have just recently moved out of Destin, Florida. But this is by far one of my favorite restaurants. To start off with you get THE bread and dip. AMAZING. I could probably just eat that the entire meal. (I also usually get bread and dip to go! haha) But, I typically get the Chicken Parmesan, it comes with angel hair pasta, marinara sauce, chicken, pesto, and Parmesan. I love it. While you are waiting for your entree to arrive, (and you are not snacking on bread of course) feel free to color on the paper and crayons they provide. Bring the kid back out in you, and if they like what you draw, you may see it on a menu the next time you come in! =] Kevin is my waiter every time, and he is very delightful! I believe Grafitti is only open during the tourist season, and they open at 5 P.M. They typically have local/non-local bands starting at 10 P.M. too!
The food was surprisingly excellent. Had the grouper and it was fresh and perfectly cooked. Drinks were top notch and the service was very attentive without being overbearing. I will be going back next time I'm in the area.
While looking for a little tasty pasta in Destin while on vacation, we were pleased to see that Graffiti's Funky Blues Shack is still going strong (and now at 2 locations). My wife and kids and I had dined here about 3 years ago and were very well pleased then. This time, once again, we were not disappointed. I had the Fettucine Alfredo with shrimp. Griffiti's alfredo sauce is always an excellent creamy and rich cheese sauce and the noodles are cooked just right. My wife ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, which she said was OK (she is picky and makes a mean spaghetti herself - I don't think she likes meatballs that much anyway). My 11 year old daughter ordered a bowl of Clam Chowder which my wife and I agreed was the best we had ever tasted (yes ... we let her eat most of it). My 13 year old son ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo ($9) and loved it. We will be back. Original location: 707 Hwy 98 East, Destin, FL (near McDonald's and Krispy Kreme) Phone: 850-654-3839 2nd location: The Village of Baytowne Wharf at Sandestin Phone: 850-424-6650 Opens @ 5:00 P.M. for Dinner Live Music @ 9:30 P.M. in The Funky Blues Shack Graffit's web address: funkybluesshack.com.
Weird. Dry pizza, maybe we picked a bad time. Speaking of a bad time, stop by this place before 9pm... Even the owner seemed put off by our presence at 9:05pm while closing time is posted for 10. (That's not to mention the busboy who actually told us to leave. He said they were closing "because its been slow.") Great artwork, and the server who did finally help us was fine, if a little agitated. I guess, actually, we felt like most people in Destin were that way, agitated.
This is only in reference to Funky Blues Shack, which is strictly a bar. They have a GREAT beer selection. One of the best in town. They have two bars, the "West Bar" and the "East Bar" opposite each other in the bar area, with a stage for live music in between. This place is really eclectic in it's surroundings, ambiance, and decorations. Very much reminds me of a "city bar" which is rare in this area. They have regular live music there.
Great food!!!
Yeeeeah. Service was weird and a little bit....over-bearing? Our waitress often forgot to fulfill drink orders and our food came out at different times. I ordered a pizza with my boo, and it came out first, and by the time everyone else received their food, our pizza was cold. I thought everything was really overpriced and, judging from the responses of other people in our party, not that tasty. I don't know if we will come back here.
Great pizza - fresh toppings and excellent dough.  You will want to eat the crust!! Been to both locations on different vacations and they are always consistent. Nice patio too.
The food and service was absolutely amazing. The fried green tomatoes was the best I've ever had. There are so many overrated restaurants in Destin and this place is legit. I had the shrimp and scallops penne as an entree and my boyfriend had the pizza and it was all amazing. The beer list was also great and our server hayden was very helpful on ideas of what to pair I'll and what to get. Cool atmosphere also. Will definitely eat here every year when we come back.
This is normally a great place but the bar tender tonight sucked badly ver non attentive spent most if her time on the phone also had a bad personality not interactive at all.  I have been here several times and had a great time tonight is not one of them mainly because of this bar tender she is horrible.
Great brews in tap and cool atmosphere
The food averaged a "fair for the price."  The fried green tomatoes and the crab cakes were great!!  However the scallops in the shrimp and scallop entrée were tough, probably over cooked. I have a hard time seeing on bill "martini $7.00"  and just under that, " martini up $1.00"  If a martini up costs more than one on the rocks, I think that's ridiculous.  However if that is how you charge, don't show it on the bill. It just aggravates the customer.  I have had martinis all over the world and never realized I was charged $1.00 for no ice.  If newspaper coupons have no expiration date they should be accepted--even if they were from last year.  Another positive note--the service was wonderful.  I wish I could remember the young lady's name.
Great seafood for adults "AND"  They have healthy choices for children.  My daughter had grilled chicken, grilled veggies and mashed potatoes.  Highly recommend!
Service was terrible.    Went on with a group of 19 on ties June 1st.     Salads were missed,    Was out of Bud light and miller light,    Half the table was done before other half was served,    Food was below average.    To add insult to injury,   They added 18% tip to horrible service.    Too many decent places around Destin to put up with this.
We use Graffiti's and the Funky Blues Shack several times a summer for corporate family events during conferences at the beach.  The venue is very hip and fun, and very family friendly without being obnoxious.  The food is great, and the staff and management is a breeze to work with.  They offer to do lots of small touches like adding our logo to our group menu and creating a signature cocktail for our guests.  We always feel we get a great value for our money, and they have a nice private room with scenic porch overlooking the bay. I selected this venue years ago based on the recommendation from another client who had used Graffiti's as the venue for her son's rehearsal dinner, I am so glad I took her recommendation.
So giving five stars is a big deal to me...  But, I must say that I am a huge fan of Graffiti.  The foods is great and the atmosphere is really interesting. The service has always been good and recently its been great. If you are vacationing in the Destin area, I highly recommend Graftiti as a break from the typical tourist location.
Funky eclectic atmosphere.  Food is just ok
The place was off-season dead but the food was smokin'. It was a very pleasant surprise and a restaurant we have added to our list of 'must dine at' places while in Destin.
The service has slipped a lot in recent years, but the food and atmosphere are such a delight. Don't leave without trying the bread and olive oil dip. Such a place this spot is for something truly different.
The food was good but the service was not great.  We had a large party and found that the prices to be a bit high.  We had a large party so had the 20% tip added since we had over 6 people, oh and by the way they won't split checks.  We ordered 2 large pizzas and a few entrees for people who didn't want pizza.  When they brought out the bread they let us know that the bread was built into the price of the entrees but if we wanted extra bread for the other people that it was $2.50 for a basket.  Two of the people in our party wanted to split a meal and we found out when we received the bill that they charged a $5 split meal fee, even though those same people were splitting an appetizer too.  All in all, if I were going to go back it would be for the pizzas which are reasonably priced and get it as take out just in case the management decides to charge a split meal fee on the pizzas.
5 of us went to Graffiti on friday night and it was fantastic. Everything begining with hostess, service and food was excellent. There bread and diping oil is amazing. We had seafood pizza, cedar planked salmon and the special crab meat pasta wich was absolutley fantastic. Great job Graffiti.
My husband and I were just talking about horrible restaurant experiences and I just remembered my meal at Graffiti's and thought I would Yelp about it. So, we went to Graffiti's last July and it is now December and we are still annoyed about it. We were not really greeted when we walked in the door. We said "hello and two for dinner, please." We were seated and then our server approached us several minutes later. She didn't smile or seem like she wanted to be at work but whatever, we just wanted to eat. I ordered a steak well done and the garlic mashed potatoes (pretty easy, right?). Well, our meal took about 45 minutes to get to us and when I cut into the steak it let out a long "MOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" It was that red. Like RARE. It took 45 minutes but yet my meal was still breathing? I sent it back and it was still red.  I only ate the mashed potatoes which didn't have much garlic or any other flavor, for that matter. I did have a Key Lime Pie Martini which was pretty good and they ended up taking that off the bill because my meal was so awful ( steak dinner was about $23, so it wasn't much consolation, though). I would not go back and would not recommend this place. YUCK.
New years eve, fixed menu and price...$49+....appetizer had obviously been made in bulk and was luke warm, blue cheese on mushrooms doesn't do well not hot, one dinner option was angel hair pasta...no protein add-on, just inexpensive pasta (again, $49!)...one dinner shrimp and scallops was exceptional, others very very bland average.  To top it off, added gratuity of 20% with waiter politely telling it was included but more is always welcome, then notice gratuity was also calculated on tax and fees so it was about 25%!!!  Seriously, sure you probably get some decent food and service sometimes, but even on a none holiday night we won't go back at any price.
one of the more fun places to go in destin- mind you I mean the one that is actually in Destin NOT the one in sandestin / baytowne.  the beer selection is really good for this area.
one of the more fun places to go in destin- mind you I mean the one that is actually in Destin NOT the one in sandestin / baytowne.  the beer selection is really good for this area.
