The omelet was delicious although my husband likes his onions and bell pepper cooked down (not crunchy). The grits weren't salted before cooking and the biscuit wasn't homemade. The blueberry pancake was fair.
Excellent service...excellent coffee...excellent food!  Great way to start a Sunday morning!
Delicious! I had their white chocolate chip w/strawberries!  Yum yum yum
Hands down my favorite breakfast spot in FBW. If you live in the area, or are just passing through, then you owe it to yourself to give this place a try. Hot food, strong coffee, friendly atmosphere all welcome you when you arrive.
We needed some breakfast this am before we headed to an all day pre cana class and I came across this cafe on yelp. We asked the manager if we could be in and out in 40 minutes and he said they could! Well it was more than we could have asked for. Our breakfast was delivered within 10 minutes of ordering and it was delicious! I would recommend this place to anyone in the area, but stick around longer than we did! It's adorable!
If you want to eat a reasonably priced breakfast and avoid the normal pitfalls (Denny's, Waffle House, IHOP) this is your place. It is hard to screw up breakfast and this place gets it right. I had the loaded omelet with hash browns and toast for $9.50. The service was great and the food was as expected, good. There were more than 20 people eating 30 minutes after they opened so that is a good sign.
Great food...good service. Love the loaded omelette - very good value. This is my favorite breakfast place by far.
We went here for a late breakfast after reading the great reviews, and it did not disappoint. The place was still packed- all of our food was delicious and the service was friendly. One of Fort Walton's finest
Great food and service! This was my first visit, on a Saturday morning, and the place was packed. Very down home vibe here, my coffee cup was always topped off. Enjoyed my visit very much.
Great food, excellent service. Coffee was really good super clean restaurant. We will eat here every time we visit Ft Walton
Unbelievably nice staff!!  Home cooked all the way.  We had an omelette, pancakes, home fries, etc., and, it was all great!!!
I've been here a few times now and only have great things to say about the place!  Amazing breakfast and delicious lunch.  Everything is so tasty and has that home cooked feel to it.  The prices are excellent, the restaurant is clean and tidy, and the staff is so friendly. I seriously recommend this place to anyone wanting a home cooked kind of meal in a friendly stmosphere.
3.5 stars Good food for a great price.  I really liked how local the feel was.  Service was fast and everyone was very friendly.  I would recommend this for anyone looking for a fairly priced meal.
I like this place a lot!  Tired of going to big chain places like Ihop and Crackerbarrel.  This is a nice change of pace.  It's quiet and the food is excellent.  The customer service is great too.  The waitresses are very friendly and warm.  The food is delicious and comes out quick. The hash browns were the best I've ever had. Will enjoy having this place as our weekend breakfast place.
Went here for a early breakfast while traveling to Florida and found a pajama party going on! We had great service, an amazing inexpensive breakfast and the waitress even gave me a bandaid after i cut myself.
I picked this local venue for breakfast on an early Sunday morning as a to go order for my husband and I. I went in, ordered, ran an errand, then returned to pick it up. The venue's front door was a little unwelcoming, but the inside was very, very cozy--perhaps the ambiance from the 60s or 70s . When I went to pick my order up in approx 10-15 min, they were bagging it, & were placing extra condiments, napkins, and cutlery for me. I didn't check the bag for accuracy. When I returned to my hotel room, the order was exactly as I had placed it. Ham & Cheese Omelet w/Home Fries & a biscuit American Cheese Omelet w/grits & a biscuit 2 Pecan Pancakes All of it was delicious! The omelets & the fries were not greasy & the bread was not hard. Service was prompt & friendly. I wish I had eaten inside. There were many locals eating inside this particular morning, among the guests--their local EMS & Fire Department!
I was on my mini vacation in Destin, and we were in the area pretty hungry from the long drive from Atlanta. Breakfast has always been my favorite meal of the day, so this place popped up on yelp and I figured we might as well give it a try. We all walked in and noticed it is a warming, local eatery. Their dinner options looked pretty decent also. The prices were really good, and I noticed my forever favorite breakfast dish was on the menu: Eggs Benedict. The only place so far I know that serves up wonderful eggs benedict is Highland Bakery in Atlanta. So I was hoping this place was good for that as well. It was not bad at all, but it wasn't too great. It did hit the spot for a long day at the beach though. The problem was that it was drained in Hollaindaise sauce, and the whole time I was trying to eat around it. I can't eat eggs benedict if it is overly sauced. The potatoes were pretty good though, I managed to really enjoy those. Service was excellent and sweet. I forgot who are waitress was, but she was the sweetest ever. A good place to stop by if you're ever in Destin and want breakfast.
This place is a great spot to get away from the tourist traps. Seemed to be the place locals go for breakfast. Everything was very good and had that homemade taste to it. Only problem is if you use the address that is on Yelp, it will take you to a parking lot across the street. So don't be fooled look on the left side of the road next to TJ Maxx and you will find the Neighborhood Cafe!
This place is like traveling back in time to Mayberry from the Andy Griffith Show. Family-run, friendly staff who stop to ask how you're doing (and they really seem to be interested). Food is outstanding. I haven't had anything bad to eat here in more than three visits.  The most recent visit, I got the eggs benedict special. It was delicious - eggs are always cooked just right, the hash browns are never overdone or too greasy. They have great blueberry pancakes, too, made with fresh berries. The price is affordable, and the food is consistently above average. Great place to go for a late breakfast on the weekends or a home-cooked lunch during the week.
Ok, so I have only been here once but I think I found my favorite breakfast place in Ft. Walton Beach. I had the eggs benedict special and it was great. The home fries were good too. Our server was so sweet and was very attentive. Things that stood out to me : The bathroom was clean and the high chairs were SUPER clean. If you are a mom you know that this is never the case. I don't know if they are new or what but it says a lot to me about how they may keep the back of the house. Clean is good. I'm glad I gave this place a try today and hope they keep it up for my next visit. I'll let you know how the lunch is...
Decent breakfast food.  Very friendly wait staff.  A little over priced. I really like the eggs and sausage but the home fries are not very good. Deep fried.
Two visits. First visit was with a large group (10+) on Sunday. Took 15 minutes for seating to become available. Not much wait room. Second visit was mid-week with a smaller group. We were seated immediately but service was slower. Took about 10 minutes before drink orders were taken. Took close to 45 minutes before food arrived. Other than that, our food was delish. Biscuits and gravy and garbage omelet were tops on our list. Would we visit again? You betcha, but be prepared to wait.
This place is pretty good and have a good menu.  It has specials on the board outside that should also be inside somewhere.  Good service, friendly people, and not too busy if you get there before 1000 on the weekends. The Neighborhood club it pretty good.  My french toast was good even though it was cold :\ Would return.
This was our first time here....and we look forward to coming back!   Breakfast was excellent and the service was impeccable.  Get the blueberry pancakes and try the Monte Cristo....delicious!   Can't wait for our next trip to try something else....
Great breakfast diner. The trick to finding the place, the address is correct, is the the street it is on sort of changes names and numbers! Close to US98/beach it's called Mary Ester ---Blvd--- and you are in the city of Mary Ester. But the diner is in Fort Walton and the street changes names in Fort walton to Mary Ester ---NW---.  If you are coming up from the beach/98, just keep going until you see the TJ Max department store...
FANTASTIC FOOD. Visiting from Nashville. Found this spot through Yelp and are planning to return on Monday (tomorrow is Easter Sunday.) Our family highly recommends the biscuits and gravy, BLT, western omelette, and choc chip pancakes.
Breakfast here is great.  Not a place to go if your in a hurry but if you're looking for an alternative to Waffle House or Denny's, this is the place. I loved the MonteCrisco sandwich - ham, cheese and turkey sandwiched between slices of French toast and smothered in butter and syrup.  Yum!
Friendly and quick service, the omelets were good and full of their ingredients. Coffee was ok/typical diner style. Cute and comfy atmosphere. They serve breakfast until 11. Couldn't swap sides without paying as we are gluten intolerant and couldn't eat the toast, etc. Getting applesauce instead would have been $1.99 each. Home fries and hash browns were not greasy at all. Really friendly staff.
Service was great, decaf coffee was hot (I'm pregnant, so I'm limited!), and the food was good.  I went to eat there by myself on a Tuesday morning.  It was nice.  The blueberry pancakes had real blueberries in them, but since I'm not much of a pancake fan, I wasn't really interested.  I did enjoy my two over hard eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns.  I could have eaten my weight in hashbrowns.  They were not greasy at all and they were perfectly cooked.  I will definitely return.  The service itself was worth a return trip.
Food is excellent but I can't give 5 stars to a place that charges $2.09 for a side of gravy. The amount of gravy on my country fried steak was slim and not sufficing for the meal. Staff is super friendly and also said the gravy is over priced too. Great place to eat as long as you don't want a little additional side of sauce or gravy because your only choice is a bowl of gravy for $2.09.
Another Gem I ran across courtesy of Yelp...always on the lookout for excellent Breakfast Places on my quest to find the world's greatest Corned Beef Hash...it's strange with Breakfast Places in that very few towns these days have good Mom and Pop type places, instead every town in The South is filled with the ubiquitous "Awful Waffles" and to a lesser extent "ISLOPS"....happy to report this is a good local place...Neighborhood Café is only open till 2, because it is mainly a Breakfast Spot with a little bit of Lunch Business...the minute I walked in I liked it..the place was bustling and the walls were decorated with all those old school tin advertising signs...they had three types of seating areas with booths,tables..and my personal favorite the all too rare counter..love sitting at counters because you get quick service and can really get a feel what is going on...it was clear from the get go this is a "regulars haven" as the waitresses knew everybody and were not hesitant at all to be sassy with them...heck my girl was sassy with me from the get go and it was the first time I had met her...I immediately in my mind was calling her "Flo" and half expected her to yell "Kiss My Grits" at me or someone else if we annoyed her in anyway...as one would expect sitting at the counter everything was lightning quick..taking of order..getting drink..getting food..getting check etc...it was all very good..was it the best Corned Beef Hash on my quest?...no..but it was far from the worst...Breakfast Food is rarely going to wow you, but it's amazing how often you are disappointed in it..I liked it so much that I came back a few days later to try their Chicken Fried Steak and it was equally good, but not out of this world...definitely a recommended spot to get Breakfast, but it's crowded on the weekends...still better to wait and spend locally here than going and getting scattered..covered..and smothered somewhere else
Came here on the way out to Destin from Pensacola and really enjoyed the meal. The service was great, even though I got a little confused when I walked in and walked past the line of people because I thought there was the usual wait list you get put on, when really it is you just wait in line to get seated. Everything tasted extremely fresh and wasn't excessive like some breakfast places are (like too much grease, too much cheese, just overloaded toppings). This really made for a simple yet delicious omelet. Will definitely be back here again when we make our trips out to Destin!!!!!
Delicious food!!!  Excellent service!!! A local place to eat breakfast. My husband had the garbage omelette and he said it was delicious.
Friendly little cafe in an old strip mall. The service was good. Food was decent. That's all I can say about that.
A friend recommended this place to me and I absolutely loved it. The staff was friendly and the food was delicious. Great for Sunday brunch, definitely coming back!
Stopped in here this morning for breakfast for the first time. Nothing special, but everything was good and very reasonably priced. I had the lumberjack special that came with 2 eggs, 3 pieces of bacon, 2 sausage patties, 2 slices of french toast, and hash browns for less than $9. Since I'm moving to the area I would return again and recommend.
Small old cafe style with Great Breakfast!
I went here twice for breakfast and was happy with the food/service both times.  The have a decent breakfast menu and the prices are very reasonable.  If you're looking for eggs, hash browns, pancakes and such, go here for sure.  This place has very limited hours so make sure to plan accordingly.
The whole family likes this place.  I've been here at least a dozen times and the food usually is good.
Hey, it's everything the reviews says it is. Tried it today and the food and service were excellent!
Excellent home style cooking. Good Black Angus Patty Melt and French Dip.
Best breakfast in Fort Walton Beach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've eaten here a few times for lunch and loved the food. It's like I made it in my own kitchen, not greasy or fake (which I've found is the norm for little cafes). I had breakfast there yesterday and have to go again! I had the lumberjack, which included eggs. I got scrambled, which are usually questionable in other breakfast places, but these were perfect. Not runny or tasting like egg beaters. The pancakes were far better than ihop and waffle house.
We love this place.  Not only was the wait staff and patrons very nice but my breakfast was really good and cheap. I had an egg white, bacon and cheese omelette with a side order of grits. I asked for cheese in my grits and it came melted in with the grits. This is one of the few times  a restaurant EVER got it right. This will definitely be a stop for us when we are in the area.
Just ate here with the family. Food was great and prices very reasonable-especially in light of how expensive everything is in nearby Destin. Very large portions of traditional home cooked breakfast foods. Would have given it 5 stars but it took a long time to get our meal. Defiantly recommend this place if you like a good old fashioned southern breakfast.
what can i say? the waiters are just too friendly, just like my neighbor, they want to know your business and the day's gossip.   I'll come back here again Oh yeah, the breakfast is great !
We sought this place out because of Yelp reviews. We all enjoyed our meals, family of four- ages 9-42. The 9 year old picky eater was enthusiastically inhaling everything on his considerably sized order. Pancakes are large, hash browns were perfectly done. A pleasant meal!
After reading all the raving Yelp reviews, my husband and I came here for breakfast on our recent vacation. We got a late start that day, so I was starving!! I ordered the Strawberry Stuffed French Toast and coffee. Both were very good. I can't remember what my husband ordered, but he liked it, too. It was super crowded since we were there on July 4th weekend, but it didn't take long to get a table, and the service was fast and friendly. We are originally from Ohio, and the decor reminded me of a place in rural Ohio, or maybe somewhere in Amish country. We love "mom and pop" places, and it made us feel right at home!
Disgusting! ( no offense ) but everything taste and looks like it came from a frozen box
1hr wait, everything was out of a box or can. Flavorless bland breakfast. Save yourself some time and go to Golden Corral across the street.
Came here almost 2 months ago while on vacation and found this on yelp. We tried a variety of items. Great service, Great food. Great coffee. Great eggs. Everything tasted great. It wasn't anything unique, but if you're looking for quality breakfast/brunch food, I would try this.
A GREAT little dive. French toast and waffles were Awesome! We ate breakfast there two days in a row. So Good.
Came here when visiting the area. Food was decent - cozy little breakfast joint!
The food was great and the service was too. This is the type of place I love to eat breakfast. I loved there omelets and their French Toast was out of this world.
Any personality that the food MAY lack they make up for in customer service. We were instantly greeted and drink orders taken.   The food was OK, but again I think the atmosphere made it better. Will try the French Toast next.  We had grits, eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuit, and pancakes.
Fast delicious and a great serving crew. I think we were the only non locals, which usually means good eats. Morning sunrise was perfect.
Most amazing breakfast ever! The strawberry stuffed French toast was so good. Biscuits & gravy was perfect. Wait to get seated can be a little long but it is well worth it.
This is a nice friendly restaurant with fabulous food. The breakfast is fresh and served quickly. They have specials that sound delicious. It is usually packed on Sunday mornings so you might want to try it on a different day.
Two thumbs up...WAY up! We're vacationing in Fort Walton Beach this week, and saw the great reviews on Yelp.  What a wonderful experience!  Food quality, service and atmosphere all outstanding.  A genuine local diner. Our server "Judy" was so friendly and personable, and really made us feel welcome.  She chatted with us about where we were visting from (Chicago) and about the local beaches.  She never let our coffee mugs get below half full.  The waitstaff seemed to genuinely enjoy working here.  Every one of the dishes we ordered were SO tasty.  The "Eggs Benedict" were as good as I've had, hashed browns cooked extra crispy, just as ordered.
My mom and I went to Destin for vacation and we were craving breakfast food. I pulled out Yelp and this place had the best ratings and now I know why! If you're looking for a clean restaurant to eat with homemade, delicious food, this is the place. Forget the chain restaurants!!
Breakfast the way it should be!!  Like your Grandma made it. Great eggs, hashbrowns, great Telmex omlet. Service with a smile- and they showed great teamwork. Highly recommend!
First time here. Food was excellent! Service was super and very friendly, from moment we walked in to waitress to guy at the register. The place is clean. Easy to find. Yelp shows it in the wrong place. It's just across the street from Home Depot in the TJ Maxx shopping center.
Nice place.  Coffee was pretty good and the waitresses were very prompt to keep my cup full.  I give the service a 5 stars and the food 3 stars, so 4 stars overall.  Reason for the 3 stars for the food was my bacon, while very crispy, it was too dry.  In addition, my english muffin, while nicely toasted, was soaked in way too much butter.  The eggs and grits were okay.  Granted, I didn't try much of the food they have there, the stuff I did have was just basic.  The coffee and service was good enough for me to go back and try more.
