With so many mediocre choices her in the Destin-Ft. Walton area, Fusion Bistro is a winner. As other Yelpers noted, the interior is quite stylish and clean with ample seating and very friendly service. Although it may look like it is a bit off the beaten path, we felt like it was well worth the drive to avoid the crush of folks during the summer in Destin proper. As far as the concept, their version of Fusion is solid. Bento lunch/dinner boxes filled with Asian, American or Mexican influenced fare is frankly genius, especially for under $8. Several choices are also available for salads, soup bowls as well as sides. We found the Bento boxes are substantial, as my Pow Wow Chicken Bento Box had 3 containers 1.) lightly fried chicken nuggets with an Asian influenced sweet and spicy sauce and a side of fried rice (you can also get white rice or noodles) 2.) 3 fried pork pot stickers, 3.) a simple romaine and iceberg lettuce salad with their own wonderful ginger sauce. The combination of sweet-spicy worked very well with the dish's crunchiness and the coolness of the salad. My son Grant had similar experience with his Sesame Chicken Bento, as did my wife Rachel with her choice of the Hawaiian Fried Rice Bento.  Overall, this was probably the second best we had all week in the area. Based on our experience, you'll be hard pressed to find a better experience with better food at these prices anywhere in the area. We'll be back!
This place looks great from the outside. It has a nice fancy sign and the inside decor is modern. You would think this place belongs in NYC. However, the food is not and does not fit NYC standards. Also kill the music, it is too loud and caused this place to lose a star because it was too distracting. The waiter was You order and pay before you sit down. Which was rather strange because it looked like other people had some sign with a number on it, but we didn't get one. -_-;; The bf got the Chicken Thai curry, with lo mein & pot stickers and I had the vege tacos with beans. BF said the curry smelled like a farm animal...it was not a pleasant smell. The noodles were salty. He did like the ginger salad. Let's just say he didn't care too much for the meal, not exactly expecting Momofuku standards. The tacos were okay, they just added hoison sauce instead of salsa, OOO big woop. The beans were mediocre, if I can even say that. The food is edible and it can save you the trouble of making dinner. The waiter was nice enough to ask if I wanted tofu in my tacos. I appreciated that. The service was better than other places around here but I can't say the same about the food. I don't know if we got the wrong thing on the menu but there were some people who came in after us. A few people also ordered take out while we were there. Maybe we'll give it another shot, but won't be back so soon.
So good!!! Hubby and I both got the Pow Wow Chicken bento box to go. I got mine with lo mein & pot stickers. Hubby got his with white rice and pot stickers. Both came with a drink and ginger salad. The ginger salad was delicious! They sell the dressing by the bottle so I'll definitely be going back to buy one asap! Everything was hot & fresh. Plus you get a large portion for a little bit more than $8 a person. I would recommend this place to anyone! They have so many choices! The place is clean and has a different, more modern feel than anything else in FWB. We will be back!!!
Simply amazing. Stylish ambience and great staff. Fusion has great choices of food and drinks. Perfect for a date night because this joint isn't over the top yet has just the right amount of class. My girlfriend and I absolutely love this place and hope to see it as a franchise in communities to come.
The food was great! I love that the menu has so many different choices, perfect for my husband and I because we never agree on food! The food was simple but delicious. I can't wait to try more of the menu! I also love the modern feel, not something you usually see in FWB.
Very modern setting, great food and nice service! Planning on coming to this place again!
Sadly, I was not impressed. First, the cashier takes your money and then grabs your cup and scoops it into the bucket of ice without washing hands or using a scoop. When places do this, I automatically can't drink it - it just grosses me out. I ordered the parmesan chicken wrap. I was convinced the meat inside was pork, it looked really weird. The cashier even thought it looked like pork (it was her first week) and had to bring it into the back to verify with the chef that it was, in fact, chicken and that they use very dark meat and marinade. Now I've forever added the question of "is it white meat" to any order of chicken anywhere. Chips and salsa were greasy. Noodles on the side were plain and uneventful. I wouldn't say write it off on one try, but the 4 others at my table were not all that impressed with their food either.
Love this little gem.  We make it a point to come here whenever we visit the area.  Great food, great atmosphere and super friendly staff behind the counter.
I was so happy to find this place. My hotel room in Ft. Walton didn't have a kitchen, we were relying on restaurants. This is less expensive than the tourist traps, and the menu had things that worked with a Paleo diet.  My vegetarian daughter also came away happy. Quality, fresh food. Pretty interior.
Very good find... Thank you yelp... Food was great.... Very light... Would come back!
This is the first time we've eaten here and we were pleased. We shared a bowl of their chicken Cantonese noodle soup and we both ordered their Cuban sandwich. The soup was soooo good. I'm definitely going to order it again. The Cuban was okay. It would have been way better if it was toasted or warm, which is how I've always had it from authentic Cuban restaurants, but other than that, it was okay. It also came with salsa and chips and another side. The extra side we got were the pot stickers. They were delicious,  especially with the sauce.   The atmosphere was nice. We plan to come back and try the rest of their food selections. The service was fast and the prices were very reasonable.   The only downside,  which has nothing to do with the bistro, were the 2 annoying vally talking teens that were sitting next to us and talking so loud that I thought I was a part of their conversation. Other than that, we'll be back. :]
Wouldn't recommend. I wasn't interested in finishing my Mexican burrito because the wilted lettuce and fatty chicken pieces. People were nice and it was very modern and clean inside.
My family and I use to eat here on a bi weekly basis. I'm not sure if the head cook left or what? However the quality sure did slip and it slipped big time. I got my fried rice that looked a day or old. The peas actually looked like they were dying I thirst. The sweet and sour chicken I got tasted like someone else had ordered and they returned it and the cool re-breaded it and dropped it in the fryer. If you like playing the lotto, slots and love risk. Then eat here because your chances of it being good are the same chances.
Speed. Quality. Kids chose grilled cheese and BLT. We had Asian food...go figure! Seating is a little limited. We had 8 people mid July and we got lucky. Don't expect to seat a big group if it is busy. Menu is not too big where it would take a 1/2 hour to decide. The ginger salad and potstickers rock. Highly recommended.
Overall a great dining experience. Staff was friendly, the prices are fantastic, the food comes out quickly, and the ambiance is nice enough for a date, family dinner, or work meeting. My only complaint was the ginger salad. There wasn't much of a ginger flavor and the (iceberg) lettuce was not fresh. Will definitely be back to try this place again.
This place is great food is foods service is great Cara will get you set up!  It is a casual setting.
A very cool vibe from this restaurant. The name says it all: it's a bistro style place with fusion foods from Asian and Latin roots. I had the Coconut Chicken with noodles and potstickers and it was delicious. The service prompt, the prices low ($8 for my dinner), the plating/decor nouveau, and the taste spot on.
I searched upon yelp for a place with decent Asian food, and here is where I stumbled upon! When we first walked in, there was quite a line and it felt a bit cramped ( considering the door is 5 feet from where they take your order ). You order and pay up front at the counter, then they give you a number and you pick your own table, somewhat like a fast food joint. Pleasantly, the prices were decent and the bento was so cute! The food tasted delicious and came out within 8 minutes. When I suppose the owner came to check on our table, he asked if we got all our food ( cuz my little brother didn't order anything). He also saw that my mom was picking at her fried rice ( it was basically in a soup of sauce ), he offered her a new cup of fried rice free of charge! How nice! Never had such great customer service. Whenever we come back, I hope to eat here again.
Quite possibly my favorite place to eat in Ft Walton.  My kids also love it there. The prices are good and portions are also generous.  You will not regret going here. Try the PowWow Chicken or one of the soups.
Love this place.  Great food at a great price.  Places on the beach are over priced for what you get.
Seriously delicious food. I had the vegetable noodle soup and the Lebanese salad with tofu instead of chicken. It was a lot more food than i expected. I couldn't finish it all.. The price it's great for the quality and the amount of food you get.the service is fantastic everyone was really friendly and probably waited like not even 10 min for the food but we were the first ones in there we got there right when it opened about 10 minutes later the restaurant was packed. Ambiance is really modern and chic. The only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because the plates were a bit dirty. I would definitely be going back when im in the area
What a great place for cheap eats! Great price, quick and friendly service, good food and enough to fill you up. For $7-8 you can get a giant bowl of soup or what I found to be even better the bento box with two sides. Individual sides are under $2 so why not try a few? I wish I had one back home because I would eat here once a week for lunch. Favorite part of the meal was actually the home made ginger dressing. I bought a bottle to take back home with me! Surprisingly nice ambiance for an unassuming strip mall bistro where you order at the counter. I would come back for a quick bite before going out for the night. Overall I was incredibly impressed. The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is the food was very good but not an amazing unique experience. But for $7 a dish you would never hear me complain out loud.
Wow!!!  Had lunch there today and was incredibly surprised. I had the Green Thai Curry with a ginger salad and potstickers as a side.  The food was brought out very quickly and the service was spot on. Will go back and try something else.  Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal at a fair price.
This place was amazing. First, the woman who helped us at the counter was really nice and helpful. All I said was we wanted something veggie and she helped us pick an amazing lunch. The setting is very nice and it has nice music playing a very clean restroom. The food is freaking awesome. I got veggies in curry with rice, a ginger salad, and chips and salsa and my wife got veggie stir fry with black beans and rice and a ginger salad and all of this was under $20. I would have expected to pay $15 for just one plate of equal quality and quantity food. It was really really good. From now on we will be eating at Fusion Bistro every time we visit Fort Walton Beach.
Nice atmosphere. Fried rice needed more flavor. Kinda bland. Being a husband of a Thai wife I get a lot of flavor at home with her cooking. Maybe I'm just spoiled or was expecting too much. Some fresh garlic or soy sauce would have been nice. We will return BUT if the flavor is not there next time, there will be no 3rd time.
Thank you fellow yelpers for helping me find this place! Fusion Bistro is definitely one of my new favorites for a healthy, casual and quick meal. I love the Bento Box presentation, and as all the happy reviewers here have said the food is great, the service genuinely friendly, and the prices are fantastic. The tab for two was $17.07 (plus tip) and I have enough food left over for another meal. Can't wait to go back and try some more. BTW-great for vegetarians!
It's always a good service evrytime I eat here.  The food is always good and you can choose from American to Latin to Asian food.  The atmosphere us relaxing with soft music.  I particularly like it when they play jazz music.
Tattoo Girl at the register was very angry and is not a great 1st impression for this restaurant. Also, the pearls in the boba tea are terrible
Loved hitting this place up for a quick, cheap dinner.  The food ordered (asian bento for my wife and I) were just the right size and came out from the kitchen without too much delay.  Bonus points for making my dish eye-watering hot when I asked for it.
I live close to this place and have eaten there on several occasions. There has yet to be a time where my order was correct and without problems. The atmosphere is nice, food is cheap and SOME of the items are indeed good. This does not make up for the poor service and lack of execution on non signature menu items. Unfortunately, I won't be going back.
I have to admit this place was pretty good. They had a large selection of different bento boxes and sides. The service was quick and the food was good. Perhaps most important it was cheap! I ordered a chicken teriyaki bento box and a side of pot stickers with a drink and it was $10.  The bento box had rice (average), noodles (average), ginger salad and of course the chicken teriyaki. Throw in the 3 pot stickers it was a filling, tastey meal for $10.
Fusion Bistro is a Hybrid Place in every sense of the words...first it's bit fast food joint and a bit of a restaurant...you walk in and order your drinks and food at the counter and pay there...then you go find a seat in the pretty trendily designed restaurant and a waitress later brings you what you ordered..any extra condiments you may need and any drink refills you request...than the menu is a bit of a hybrid as well...it focuses on The Standard Asian Bento Boxes(General Tso's Chicken..Orange Chicken..Teriyaki Chicken..Pepper Steak..etc), but in a first for me it also has American Bento Boxes(Roast Beef..Turkey..Ham..Chicken..etc Sandwiches) and Latin Bento Boxes(Burritos..Quesadillas..Tacos..etc)..with any Bento Box you get two sides and the side choices include things like Black Beans..Ginger Salad..Potstickers..Steamed Broccoli and a few others..all Bento Boxes also include a non-alcoholic beverage of your choice as well(Fusion has Beer and Wine  also)...I believe the reason Fusion has such high ratings on Yelp is that you get a lot of food and drink for the money, because the food quality itself is just ok...all the mains taste just like anything you would get at a Manchu Wok or a Panda Express...but when your getting all this for around 8 dollars it tends to make one review it a little more favorably..I mean most places these days are charging between 2 and 3 bucks for a Coke and here they are including it in the price of your meal..that's a great bargain....I just wish the food was a little better...for example I've had The Orange Chicken..General Tso's Chicken..and Pow Wow Chicken and they all have pretty much tasted the same..standard frozen chicken nuggets deep fried and drenched in similarly tasting sauces...both times I've had The Potstickers as a side they have had the consistency of a Pork Rind instead of the normal doughiness they should have...others have ordered sautéed pork and veggie stir fry dinners and have been similarly unenthused..but again we only paid 8 bucks!!...I really want to like Fusion more than I do, kind of like every U2 Album since the late 90's, but I guess I still haven't found what I'm looking for...I'm going to fall in the same trap as the other reviewers as well ,because I'm giving it 4 stars strictly for the bang you get for your buck...food quality at Fusion is probably about 2.5 stars, but the value of getting everything for 8 bucks is 5 stars, so averaging it all out it is 3.75 Stars....and it's even a better value when you consider it's a couple bucks cheaper in total than Panda Express or Manchu Wok are and you can feel good about supporting a local business..worth a stop if you need a quick cheap Asian Fix
Ate lunch here for the first time and was pleased. It was very affordable for the amount and quality of food you get. It looks like a full service restaurant but you order at the counter when you come in and then they bring your food to you.  I had the coconut chicken which came with a salad, noodles, a drink  (only $7.50!) and then I got to pick another side so I tried the grilled zucchini. Everything was very good. Atmosphere was nice, but the middle tables feel slightly cold. You are just kind of in the middle of the dining room, feels kind of awkward. The table/booths along the sides seem great though. Our meals didn't come out at the same time, this didn't bother me but I know it does bother some people so hopefully the kitchen/waitstaff can get their timing a little better in the future. If they serve dessert I couldn't find it on the menu. They do have beer and wine though! I look forward to trying one of their salads next time. Overall a good place to try, there will definitely be something you like on the menu unless you just hate all Asian, Latin and American food. And if that's the case I don't know what to tell you.
I accidentally ran into this place a few weeks ago and have eaten here 3x now.  I swear this place belongs in downtown Chicago or NYC, what a breath of fresh air for FWB.   First, the food is crazy good. It doesn't seem to matter what I order.  I can't lose. Second, the portions are large for the price.  Expected to take some food in a to go box when you leave. Third, the ambiance is so NOT typical of restaurants in this area.  Much classier, trendier, and beyond the average local joint and it's NOT a chain. Can't wait to hit this place up again this weekend when going out on a double date with some friends!!
Ambience is great for a place with such a low price point. Artsy, modern and comfortable. Beautiful lighted art installation and soft musix set a nice tone. The menu is Bento box inspired, cute but not too cutesy. Items are all under $8 - awesome bang for your buck. The food is a little Asian, a little Latin, a little American, all adding up to a charming and inexpensive spot for lunch or dinner. I enjoyed the green curry with chicken, steamed rice, pot stickers and tea for under $10. Will be back with the family.
A pleasant surprise!  Don't let the humble strip mall in which it's located deceive you, inside is a very cool, trendy little place that's going to be one of your favorites. The setting is simple but stylish, with lots of seating, great background music and a very cool overall ambiance.  The menu is a really impressive array of Asian, Latin and American cuisine that has so many choices that you'll be making mental notes of what to come back and try.  Their staff is very polite and helpful when getting you comfortable with their menu choices. It's hard to decide which is more impressive, the flavors or the value.  The flavors are incredible, with lots of fresh ingredients and delicious marinades putting your palate to work.  But the value is equally incredible.  The dishes are a bento-style presentation, and the first thing you'll notice is the sheer amount of food in front of you.  Once you walk out the front door and realize how little you spent for how happily full you are, you'll be planning your next trip before you even get in your car. Eat here.  It's awesome.
good meals good prices
This is my new second-favorite place to go for lunch. (well, what did you expect? The Corner Cafe serves warm candied pecans which may be the best things ever.) All joking aside, the food is tasty, generously portioned, comes out fast and is a great value - I got a spinach quesadilla loaded with chicken and bacon, grilled zucchini, salad and a drink for less than $9.  It's a great place for a workday lunch and much better than fast food.   I've been wanting to try this place forever but my low-carb diet held me back. ;(  It's not truly fusion in that the latin, carribean and asian flavors keep to their own respective dishes but the food is still tasty.
Nice clean/quiet environment for a business lunch.  Great ambiance.  Quirky, but not pretentious.  Bento-box (more like bento-plates) concept means you get a good combination of flavors (some of which can be odd, but still delicious.) The food arrived fairly quickly and was hot - could have had a tiny bit more attention to presentation on MY plate (rice was falling off the plate).   I ordered the beef curry, which I usually get tired of about half way through.  I finished the plate and was REMINISCING on the way back the the office.  It was THAT good.  My lunch-mate's dish was the General Tso's chicken, which he said was delicious, but a bit heavy on the breading.  His pot-stickers were perfect.  My veggies were grilled properly (smoky, not burned). Staff is very professional and responsive.  Prices we very reasonable.  I will definitely be going back.
Food was great, clean restaurant, and friendly staff.  Very reasonable prices. Our family of 4 (including 2 teenagers) was less than $40!  Would definitely go back.
Fast delicious and cheep lunch. The service is good and the food is fresh all the time. We only have 30 minutes for lunch and always make it back on time.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! Fusion Bistro is an economical breath of fresh air. The food here is delicious, portions are adequate (not too much, not too little), and the atmosphere is hip and trendy. My favorite dish is the Szechuan chicken noodle soup, of which I posted a picture on here, and the pot stickers are great. Definitely going to become a regular at this place.
Imagine a bento box type of meal for about $10.  The atmosphere is modern and well designed.  But the surprise is you order up front with a cashier and then sit down, and they give you a number and bring to the food to you that way.  It has a variety of choices from American to Asian and is a fun place to have dinner once in a while.  Though they close early, at 8pm.
Very good food, and something for every mood! I always get the ginger salad as a side because the dressing is amazing...they even sell it in bottles! Everything I've had is good so feel free to try something new, it's also inexpensive!
My opinion is on the food and in no way reflects on the service. I ordered the Szechuan Noodle soup it was very spicy but that was all no flavor or depth just spicy I couldn't taste my food. My companion ordered the beef and  broccoli it came with a greek salad, pot stickers and fried rice. Everything looked like it was just put in a microwave and served. It was the same problem it tasted bland the greek salad tasted nothing like a greek salad just lettuce with a red vinaigrette dressing no other produce on top. The fried rice was completely overdone the pot stickers were so dried out there was no point on eating them. If you have to wounder if what your eating is real meat there is probably something wrong going on.
Plenty of bang for your buck here. They use incredibly fresh veggies for their dishes so vegetarians should love it. The lunch deal is solid. With your entree comes a salad and 2 sides for under 8 bucks. We had the Szechuan Noodle soup that was pretty spicy and had yellow ramen noodles. The bok choy was very good in it but the rest of the soup had an odd taste. Wouldn't recommend. We also had the Chicken Thai Curry (Red) with pot stickers, pan fried noodles, white rice and ginger salad. Noodles and Salad were very good. They didn't seem to have an option for jasmine rice (which is customary with thai dishes) so the long grain took away from the solid curry sauce. It was also loaded with too many diced carrots that overpowered the dish. Staff was very friendly. All in all, I would eat here again to try other, more veggie-laden options.
Good service, huge portions, inexpensive and delicious!
First time here. We liked it a lot. Super cheap for good food. Totally go back.
Great place in Fort Walton!  There is almost too much on their menu.  It was very hard to decide what I wanted because everything looked so great.  I decided on the coconut chicken with noodles and a side of cucumbers.  Everything was great!  I also ordered the green tea bubble tea.  That was not the best I've had, but maybe I'll try a different flavor next time.  I will definitely be returning!
I travel to this area for work at least once a month.  This is one of my go-to places.  In an area almost entirely devoid of independently-owned restaurants, this place is a gem.  Food is great and plentiful, the specialty drinks are unique and tasty.  Service is always friendly.
Great new place in fort Walton! Fun and trendy atmosphere. You get a lot of bang for your buck and the food is tasty ! For about $8 I got the pow wow chicken, a ginger salad, a side of noodles, and three pot stickers. Will definitely be going back again.
Excellent! Really cool atmosphere. Food was less expensive than any of the chain places in town and was a million times better. Portions were great and selection was amazing. I'll probably go back 20 times before I have to repeat a meal. Highly recommend!
Today was my first experience at Fusion Bistro.  I took my lunch order to-go and decided on the Saute Pork, which came with 3 potstickers, a ginger salad (lettuce and a ginger-based dressing), noodles (or you could choose steamed rice) and a drink, all for $7.50.  The portion was more than adequate for lunch and the flavors were good.  The only issue I had was with the girl whose line I was in to place my order.  She was pretty slow and unorganized.  To-go orders piled up behind her and she didn't seem to notice.  A couple of us to-go patrons had to actually go and ask her if any of the orders piling up behind her were ours (and they were).  I got there just before they opened the door and already people were waiting to get in.  Even as I received my order and left both cashiers had lines of folks waiting to order, so be forewarned!
Great deal for the quality of the food and the price.  The group I was with got the coconut chicken, pepper steak, sauteed pork, and beef thai curry.  In addition, each of the bento boxes had fresh noodes/rice, ginger salad, a drink, and a side (I went with potstickers...delicious).  And the most expensive box was 7.75! Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great meal in Fort Walton Beach
I picked up lunch for the office today, and it was lovely to find a place that allowed everyone to get exactly what they were in the mood for (Latin, Asian, or American). I had the Chicken Thai Curry. I was given the choice of green curry or red, and was told the green curry was the spicier of the two. I opted for red, and it had the perfect amount of heat. It came with a salad with ginger dressing, steamed rice, a side (I chose steamed broccoli) and a drink. The broccoli was fresh and crisp, rather than soggy like I've come to expect of steamed veggies, and the curry was delicious with bamboo shoots and carrots. The salad dressing was perfectly balanced and light, though their "salad" was simply a bowl of romaine and iceberg lettuce. I'm not complaining, because I love all veggies, but some people might not be impressed by this aspect of the meal. It was a large portion, but not enough to make 2 meals of. Though perhaps, if you ate the rice and weren't ravenous it would be. Overall, for $7.50, I don't think there's a better deal to be found in the area.
Great place.  Friendly and helpful staff.    The pot stickers are awesome.    The steamed broccoli was perfect.   Everyone at the table enjoyed what they ordered!
AIrport quality fast food. Nothing special at all. Very sloppy presentation. Noodles hanging over bowl edges and food slopped down the side of bowls and plates. Steamed veg was crunchy and cold. Powpow chicken overpowered by breading Servers are frazzled and do not observe good food handling procedures, wiping dirty hands on pants and serving with thumbs on plate. Seriously reminded me of a restaurant in the airport..... really good green tea though.....
Fusion Bistro: It was really good. Everything I had was delicious. The pot stickers were crisp and tasty. Teriyaki chicken moist and juicy. Salad surprisingly good ginger dressing. The ambience was bright and cool. Music was soft jazz. Service was great. A couple sitting next to me went back to the kitchen to compliment the chef on the food I would definitely come back again. A real find for Fort Walton Beach.
Excellent food. Very different flavors and wide variety. Modern atmosphere. Could use a kids menu.
Great food and great prices - was able to feed a family of 5 for about $50. So good that we went back and visited again before we left FWB.
When Fusion first opened, the food was awesome! The first time I went there (in February I believe) I got chicken fried rice. It was a huge portion with all white meat chicken, I was so happy someone made GOOD chicken fried rice. Since then I have been back a couple of times and always gotten the same thing. Today though, I ordered my usual and got a big plate of the most GARLICKY friend rice with huge chunks of some meat which very closely resembled pork fat. I asked the waitress if it was chicken as I did not see one shred of evidence of white meat anywhere and she said "yeah, its just cooked" umm chicken turns white when you cook it- not pinkish brown! It was DISGUSTING and I will NEVER return. It's a shame they have lowered their quality of food so much to make more money.
Nice setup and fantastic mediocre food...hip atmosphere without the food to match :(
