The last few times I've visited the Old Bay Steamer, the crab has been overcooked and way too salty. Given the moderate to high prices of the steamed entrees, I expect better.
Pricey for what you get.  Im a big eater at buffets with seafood, and seafood here at its price isnt satisfying.  I ordered the little steamer.  I probably could have eaten two if it werent gonna be more than $50.
Hands dows best seafood! If you are looking for family style steamed crablegs, shrimp, corn and potatoes, this is the spot!When I visit Destin, this is the first place I go! They bring out a wonderful salad beforehand as well!
Tasty seafood, excellent service.    I shared an appetizer and the Big Steamer for two and it was more than enough for me and my mom and stepdad.   Like, we had left overs.   So there you go.    We had the combo of tuna and crab dip.  The menu said it would be served with veggies for dippin but it came with tortillla chips... would have rather had veggies but it was no big.
Wow! Great place to get seafood. We ordered dinner for two and it was more than enough. If you have a chance to eat here do it!
This place is alright.  Our server was cute.  I've had better seafood in this area at other places.  I would go back if someone else wanted to go, but it would not be on the top of my list of suggestions.  They did have a nice little martini list.
Ate dinner here on Thursday, August 4th,2011.  I've lived in Florida for 30+ years, and seafood is my favorite type of meal.  The seafood was good, but I thought for what I got, it was pretty expensive.  I think mine was called the little steamer, and it was $27.  I remember telling my friend after dinner that I could have another one of those meals and feel full.  I did enjoy the "strong island" drink, was a HUGE mug of Long Island Iced Tea, and yes, it was STRONG and about $12.  (It says only 1 per visit) I'm a big guy and this thing got my feeling good.  Overall, probably about a 3.5 place, nothing fancy, definite tourist place, definite casual too.
Amazingggggg!! If you're visiting you have to go here!!! Best seafood in the area with right portions and prices! Get the crab claws as your app... If its more that two of ya get a second order, they're that good!! This is a locals favorite by far!
Had dinner at this place.  Got the big steamer for 2 with 2 lobster tails, a bunch of shrimp, 3 different kinds of crab legs and potatoes and corn.  Thought it was pretty good, but I have had better.  Plus, it was bit pricey at $62 a couple.  Would definately go back, but will stick to the steamed shrimp plate at $17 a person instead.
Tried this place because it was across the street from our hotel, therefore equaling a very short walk. ' Dinner was good. I had chicken picata-very tasty and huge portions-had to take half back the room with me. My husband and his business associate had the shrimp and snow crab platter-also both huge, portion could have been for 2 people. Snow crabs were great, but the shrimp were tough, I didn't care for them, and I am a shrimp lover! The corn and potatoes that came on the platter were also good. I can't rave enough about the salad though, the dressing was fabulous!! I would go back just for their salad. They only had a house vinegarette, I wish I had the recipe!! The place itself was a little dark inside for my tastes, I just prefer a little more light at dinner. Also if you aren't one to snap heads, peel or crack your seafood, steer clear, but that didn't bother us. If we ever get back to the area, we will return here for some good steamed seafood.
Can't beat the seafood. Grew up eating at the one in Fairhope. The platters are a must.
We were really looking forward to enjoying the Lobster and Crab steamer for two with my wife who has Celiac disease. We figured steamed seafood would be safe, as long as they don't use MSG in their seasoning. Since the Old Bay Steamer is advertised as a more upscale, non-chain restaurant with no fried food, we comfortably assumed they would not be using MSG in their seasoning. I should have called ahead and asked the manager, but instead waited till we were seated and asked our waiter. After he ran back to the kitchen to ask and reported back that ALL their seasoning contains MSG, we had no choice but to politely excuse ourselves and go find a different place to eat. Thankfully, the Crab Shack (a small local place) doesn't have MSG in the seasoning they use for their steam pots. With MSG now being tied to many different ailments, such as autism, ADHD, Celiac, Crones, and Rheumatoid Arthritis, I don't understand why people in the educated word continue to cook with and consume MSG.
Love this place. the crab dip is much better than the tuna. Always get the gulf steamer for two and we are stuffed at the bottom of the bucket.
Close to our hotel, and LOVE steamed seafood, but it felt like a chain. I don't think the seafood was local especially since they had snow crabs in the pot. But overall the service was great, the beer was cold and it was in walking distance to our hotel.
If you're into steamed seafood  a visit to the Old Bay is a must. King Crab and Shrimp are always done perfectly, appetizers are great, and they have an excellent salad served family style. I've never been disappointed with a meal at this place. In my humble opinion, the Old Bay is just about as good as it gets in the Destin/Ft. Walton beach area.
Price seemed a bit high, but portions are large and tasty.  Salad, four large steamed crab legs, corn and red potatoes for 29.00.  I'll go back.  By the way, the map on yelp is wrong. They're located south of the causeway on the right.  Tough to see so look hard.
Excellent seafood and good atmosphere.
We have now eaten here 3 times in 3 weeks --their red shrimp steamer entree is to die for--ok it's heads on-get over it and pop them off. The best shrimp on the island, and plenty left over for your lunch the next day, or two! Served with a perfect salad, corn on the cob and new potatoes, you cannot beat this deal. We also got King Crab to go one night and you provided us with a great cracker which we returned the next day.  We'll miss you Old Bay!
I was in town for about 3 weeks and a friend recommended I try this place.  We got there and were seated upstairs immediately.  I got the King Crab steamer and it was excellent!  It was a little pricey... if you order a drink or two with your meal it's easy to spend $30+ each person, but it was well worth it to satisfy my seafood craving.  My friend got the Ruby Red shrimp.  I wasn't a big fan of them because they still had heads on and weren't deveined, but I heard you can order them differently if you prefer.  Also, they have a delicious house salad dressing that comes out with each entree.  The server was friendly and professional.
Great place to take a date if you don't mind getting a little dirty. Large delicious platters of seafood combine with a fun ambiance to tame any serious seafood cravings.
We have been coming to Ft. Walton for 12 years now, One of our favorite places it OBS. I can see why some people complain that it is expensive, not worth the price, etc. if you don't get the shared steamer buckets. But if you take advantage of those buckets to share, you get a TON of fresh, great tasting seafood at a decent price (ie 3 of us filled up on the 2 person bucket for about 20/person). Deff. not a tourist trap, just a well ran, nice, delicious dinner option. PS: try the ''strong island'' drink. It's a LIIT made with all premium liquors and comes in a huuuuge chilled mega mug. Deff. worth the $12 (it will last you the entire meal).
Three words: Lobster and Steak. Do yourself a favor!
The place to go for Royal Red shrimp.  Always perfectly steamed, never overcooked.  They also have great crab and steaks.  Our waiter, Kyle, was excellent.  As always, we really enjoyed our meals!
Crab legs snapped and were not mushy.  Salad was good and enjoyed the homemade red wine dressing.  All meals served with a couple of new potatoes and a boiled half ear of corn.  Knowing that the steamed seafood entrees are supposed to be the main attraction, at an average price of 25 to 35 dollars a plate, more care was expected with the sides.  They are simply boiled; no seasoning, no frills.  Again, for the price,I would expect a freshly shucked whole cob of corn and seasoned new potatoes.  I am always a little disappointed when I leave a restaurant  and say, " That was good, but I have fixed better at home."
Very good fresh seafood. The head-on shrimp were fantastic. Good service. Reasonable price for the quality.
Good seafood, not great.  A little pricey, but not overly so.  Good service, but not great.  All in all it's a pretty good place.
Good food. Way overpriced. Not locally bought seafood though. Wait staff has always been excellent. Parking is tough and expect a walk. Tourist place for sure. Try hightide right around the corner.
Date night. Our first time going to Old Bay Steamers. We got the Lobster bucket for two. Everything was great except the lobster. It was over cooked and dry (it needed a lot of butter).  After going, we told friends that's where we went and they replied, "that's over priced and there are much better seafood places." Not sure what the other places are!
My wife and I had dinner here last night. The service was excellent and fast. The atmosphere was casual and quirky. The food was very good. We ordered the the big steamer for two with lobster tails, snow & king crab legs, and head-on shrimp. DELICIOUS!!! It was pricey but worth it. I would definitely eat there again!
We were not disappointed!  Found this place by happenstance 5-6 years ago and have been yearning to go back ever since.  We did have a bit of sticker shock at the price of the food, but the steamer bucket for two was filled with loads of food!  The shrimp were huge and the crab legs plenteous and seasoned to perfection!  The atmosphere has changed since we were there last from nice to more "Boho.". Artwork was glued all over the place (or perhaps "Mod Podged") and graffiti writing filled-in the blank spots.  I personally did not find the decor inviting (esp. artwork of nudes in ladies' bathroom).  Service was very good!  They do serve shrimp with heads on but will happily remove heads for extra charge.
Stopped in late Sunday for dinner. Sat at the bar and the bartender was fantastic. Knew the product, made some great suggestions. Grouper blackened was perfect. She had the little steamer and it was enough food to feed 2! Short story. Perfect food...wonderful service....don't miss it.
Had a drink and appetizers always fresh and tasty.
Best seafood in this area and the atmosphere is great.  Very laid back!  Would recommend this place for locals and tourist alike.  Prices are great for the quantity.  The Little Steamer is the best!
We are from Louisiana and by nature have a discerning pallet for seafood.  Old Bay Steamer perfectly satisfies that "fresh seafood crazing" that we get when the gulf breezes hits our face!  Awesome platters!  Steamed mussels to die for!  We go every year and wouldn't miss it!
This is my go-to restaurant whenever we have visitors.  It is the by far the best seafood I've had in the Ft. Walton area.  We always get a crab & shrimp platter for 2 which always feeds 3-4 people.  The staff is always very friendly (except for one bad waiter which I'm overlooking in my rating).  The decor & mood of this restaurant are perfect.  And take a book of matches on the way out, which reads, "No Fried Crap." :)
the food is pricey, but it's worth it to go at least once.
I went here to eat with my family, and was recommended by friends who claim that this restaurant has deliciously steamed seafood that is always fresh. However, the experience was awful. The wait was TWO HOURS, even though we were quoted 45 minutes from the start, and the staff, especially the hostess, had attitudes and lacked manners! This tragic experience would have been forgiven if the food was halfway decent, but unfortunately our seafood was dry, our vegetables were overcooked, and the salad was wilted. I wouldn't even serve this food to criminals.
This is a winner!  I love the "no fried crap" motto, and the food was cooked to perfection.  I could do it every night of my vacation, but get there early!  There was a big wait as we were leaving around 7 pm.  I don't know about the too salty comment--I had to add some, so it's just a personal pref.
I'm sure everything is wonderful but we seem stuck on the steamed Snow Crab and Royal Red Shrimp combo. It is awesome. And we have never, ever had anything except very good servers - always friendly, very attentive and constantly there without being a bother.
the food was really good.. i ordered the individual steamer and was not disappointed at all... for the quality of food it was worth the prices... the workers were really friendly at the bar and the manager was really helpful... will be going back before i leave town for sure... highly recommended.. very laid back and casual environment..
This review is going on as I sit.  We are a party of 6 and got sat immediately, points! Then waited 15 mins before we had to net a waitress and drag her over to our table to ask who on this beach will be serving us, not so much points.  So they scour the place and find some guy that was waiting on the other side of the restaurant.  He come over and gets our drink order and food......now I'm sitting here looking at a empty cup that needs a refill..no points I hope the food is a redeeming factor, and I feel it is. 30 minutes later and I got my drink but no food yet.  I'm looking at about 4 booths, this place is emptying out. We got here at 7:20 and now its 8:27 and our waiter feed us a line and told us the kitchen was backed up, and that didn't feel right. Ok, just got the truth, the kitchen lost the ticket. I would have respected him more if he would have come out and leveled with us. Still waiting the count is at 48 mins waiting.  Ok after an hour of waiting we got our food, and it was amazing.  Not one negative remark on the food.  Tried everyone's food and all sensational.  The owners daughter came out and apologized deeply and said she would take care of us.  We figured a discount but instead we got a sincere apology from the waiter and a FREE dinner! After tip and all, our meals would have went $200. So after all this why the 5 stars?  Because the food was impeccable, and everyone has a bad day but my review is on how it is handled.  The mistake was handled with sternness and swift correcting, so with that I give the old bay steamer 5 stars.  I will be back, and I urge others to go.
Yet another restaurant that my family visits every year while on vacation in Fort Walton Beach, FL.  The atmosphere is great!  The parking kinda sucks.  Now here is the part that you are going to find odd:  I only order the ribs.  I know, right!  You are thinking "why are you ordering ribs in a seafood joint?".  Well, let me tell you this place has some of the best ribs I have ever had the pleasure of tasting.  The meat falls right off the bone and you WILL NOT be able to finish them.  You get so much food on the rib plate.  I can't really comment on the seafood but every person I have been here with has said that it is some of the best seafood they have ever had.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
This is one of the best places on the Ft Walton side of the Destin area and one of the least tourist trappy. The steamed platters are where it's at, messy and good for groups. They have a real bar with a real bartender, which surprisingly is a rarity in the area.
The best snow crab I have ever had!  I typically come out to this place for my birthday or any other good reason I can find to feast on crab.  Someone told me back in the day this place was rated #5 in the country for its seafood.  I was here when they were a shack on Hwy 98 and I love their new building.  They have a New Orleans/Blues theme going on mixed with a sports bar so I am not too excited about that plus it can get really loud.  Regardless, I can't find better crab.  I have observed people come and sit down and the servers vs. hostess miss the folks and they get up and leave w/o ever been waited on.  I've seen it twice and it blows me away.  I'll go back to the kitchen and cook my own crab.  Word!  Oh, and back in the day, and others will agree, the portions were bigger and cheaper.  If I am really hungry, which I normally am, I will order two platters of snow crab and shrimp and that is what both me and my friend did one night on our birthdays.  Uhm, that was a fast but delicious $120.  Geez.  With water and the server's tip it will run you $33 per person for snow crab but it is worth it.  I will have to try something different one day because that Mahi-mahi sounds good too.  This review is from three weeks ago.  All my friends like this place and anyone I've ever recommended it to loved it.
Great service and good steamed food.  We would definitely go back.
Stopped here on a recommendation from BF's co-worker.  Great recco!  This place is fabulous.  Started off with their garlic mussel appetizer.  Omg.  Best mussels I've had in awhile!  They need to serve this app with bread to soak up that amazing garlic butter sauce!  For our main meal we ordered the basic steamer for two, which had snow crab legs and red shrimp, corn on the cob, and new potatoes.  Suffice it to say we hardly ate any corn or potatoes, the steamer was HUGE.  We probably had about 10 shrimp left and a few crab legs.  I wanted so badly to finish the entire steamer because it was THAT good but I was stuffed.  The shrimp practically melted in your mouth.  They do serve the shrimp head on but you can order it without for an extra fee.  The house salad that is served with the steamer bowls was DELICIOUS.  The vinegarette was so tasty.  Our server was wonderful.  I wish we lived here, we would've definitely made this a regular dinner stop.  The locals are very lucky!
I have been to this restaurant many times. The first several time was truly great. The "Steamer For Two" with King Crab is the way to go. Perfect amount of food for two people. Sooo good, it has King and snow crab, shrimp, potatoes, corn, and you also get a salad. The seasoning adds a nice touch to the seafood for sure. Sadly the two times I have been it seems the "Steamer For Two" became a steamer for 1 1/2 and the quality was just not there. Not sure if they changed it or I just get screwed. It was like eating at a whole different restaurant. I will give it another shot to see but I am not going to go out of my way to make plans to go. I sure hope next time I do go, it is the Old Bay Steamer that I first grew to love.
We vacation every summer in Fort Walton Beach. Old Bay is always #1 on our "to do list". We love the food, crabs, gumbo and scallop appetizer are our regular orders.  Parking is a problem so I suggest getting there early. If you bring kids along, bring them things to keep them busy. It takes awhile to eat that bucket of seafood. The food is pricy but we do this once a year.
this place is simply over rated -- they only thing decent is their bread....doesn't say much for a seafood joint!
Me and my family go here every other day in the week when on vacation in Destin. Its that good! There is enough snow crab, shrimp, mussels, corn, potatoes, whatever you order to go around four people. The seafood gumbo is a must try here. No meat inside which is rare in gumbo. The salad that comes with your meal is very very good. Great dressing on it, makes you get a third round. Now onto the seafood...snow crab is perfectly steamed with the right amount of spices on it. Same goes for the shrimp, o m g its so fresh. Along with butter....can I say yum yum?? Service is always great to us, always attentive. Can be a wait for a table but its worth your time. Hint: More parking at the back of the restaurant towards the water tower. Also located in Fort Walton Beach area if you get confused, right before the bridge if coming from Destin. Can be a little expensive, but this is a high end seafood establishment. I would recommend sitting upstairs if possible. You get a view of the ocean while eating. Definitely try this place out while in Destin!!!!!
After moving on the island it took a while for us to finally eat here. We went for dinner and there was a bunch of families/tourists. We ordered the crab cakes, tuna appetizer, two people steamed bucket. I thought crab cakes were decent, bf wasn't too fond of it. The Tuna appetizer was like cat food. Disgusting, would not recommend buying it. The bucket or entree was huge. But it wasn't for us. We aren't fans of shell fish that's been steamed and covered in butter. Don't get me wrong it tasted good but not my scene. They accommodate large groups of people. There is also a bar, and upstairs seating. Nice place but if we go back, we'll probably order a cooked dish to determine this place's seafood worthiness.
I really liked this place.   Their Schtick is that they steam their Seafood.  You want fried stuff?  Go to AJs or Anglers. Both times I went I had the Steamed Oysters and Royal Red Shrimp Steamer.    The meal comes with a tremendously good mixed green house salad with their own house sweet mustard vinaigrette dressing.   So good.     The Steamer itself came with a large Oysters on the half shell, and large Royal Red Shrimp served whole.       On the plate was half or a third of an ear of corn, a large red Potato, butter, horseradish, and cocoktail sauce.   The Royal Red Shrimp are very sweet and succulent.   So good.   The staff (through my conversations with Mike, Patrick and Carlos) explained the The Steamer contracts for much of this local supply.     If you are in here, I would say the Shrimp are a must try! Service was great, prices were fair, and I like that they carry draft beer.     It is actual more of a casual place then I expected when I walked in.  So the family can for sure feel at home here.   This was my favorite place in the Destin Ft Walton area, hands down.
This place is way overpriced for what you get. Food at best was par for say a Red Lobster. I will not return. Spent 50$ and left hungry. Not Good!
BEST Seafood place in the area! I recommend this place to everyone who asks for seafood EVERY time. They have a Little Steamer for two that has huge snow crab legs, jumbo shrimp, mussels, clams, potatoes, and corn. Dip it in the warm melted butter and you'll be in heaven. It's a bit pricey but worth every penny. The tuna dip is wonderful! At the end of your meal they give you a warm bowl with lemon slices in it to wash your hands. Fancy ;)
They where crazy busy... the food was outstanding We got a pot to share and really it was so good there was too much to food for us to finish.... the bushwaker was more like a mud slide then what I had wanted but it was still good... the service was good but they where stressed to the max bc they don't have enough staff for the number of people they seat there but I would defensible go there again! I was one happy camper when we left
We visit Fort Walton at least once a year, and EVERY time we do Old Bay Steamer is a must during our stay. The seafood is always fresh and prepared deliciously! To start, I highly recommend the black mussels. They come in this wonderful, buttery, bright sauce. Uh-mazing! I actually save the leftover sauce to pour over my potatoes. After that, I usually order the shrimp and crab legs steamer, but I always substitute my corn for some fresh asparagus. Sometimes the corn can be chewy/gummy like it was frozen. The asparagus is always good rhough. The only issue I really have with the restaurant is that there is very limited parking. We try to get there right when they open so we can park close, but it is always busy, busy, busy. It's well worth the wait though.
Nice looking place, waitress was young and inexperienced, but did her job. The food, I ordered the catch of the day, blackened fish, salad, vegies, rice. It was good but NOT 35.00 dallars good. Friend had the steamed for one he said it was ok.  The shot of JD I had was short, 7.50, Two bottles of beer both warm, 13.00.  Overall not worth the money spent.
Good shrimp and oysters but I'm not sure it justifies the price. Also, the bartender's definition of a gin martini is a 1:1 mix of vodka and gin, no vermouth and no olive.
Snow crab legs were great. Garlic butter should an option on the menu. Ribs were okay.
Corn was unfrozen mush, shrimp not deveined and still had heads, even though charged per pound. Shrimp also mushy and hard to peel. Messed up order asked for rice got potatoes instead.  When spoke to manager they were condescending and said its uneconomical to cook fresh unfrozen food. Will not be going back again as is only tourist trap.  Not sure why other people like it so much, must not know what real seafood tastes like if it hit them in the head.
Food here was great! I was stuffed when I left. I had crab legs and shrimp. It was so much food, I couldn't eat it all. Service was great also. Will definitely return when I am in Destin again.
Been here many times but this time it wasn't so great. We ordered 3 gulf steamers and two of them didn't have potatoes in them. We mentioned this to our very busy server and she thought we were crazy. It wasn't her fault but the fact that we didn't get an apology (or potatoes) ruined the meal.
Had we had this the first night we would have had it every night we were in Ft Walton Beach. Instead we had it the last night and regretted every other meal choice we made. Very good food. You can feed a lot off one plate so don't let the prices turn you away. You'll get your money's worth.
Ate there last night...parking was limited and had to park wayyyy out in the back of the building where it's dark and had poor lighting (easy place/spot to get mug or rob). We had to walk in the rain and puddles of water....waiting average time to get a table was 45 to 60 mins. When we got in, the place was dirty and there were lots of trash on the floor. Once we place the appetizer order, it was another 30 mins wait. The food was ok...it wasn't a "WOW" thing for us. The waiter didn't bother refilling our drinks (he was nice) but the service all in all was blah!!! I wouldn't recommend this place.
Not sure how to feel about this place. I went on a Friday evening around 6pm. I rode my bicycle there with one other person and I could not find anywhere to lock it up.  The waiters that were on a smoke break were really cool and let me tie it up on the stairs out back.   It wasn't terribly busy and the three young ladies greeting people were very pleasant and and they pointed me towards the bar. The bartender was super cool. He had good conversation and he kept my beer filled. He even put the main course in after we had our salads. It was excellent service.   Grade for experience/service/mood: 5     I ordered the king crab dinner at market price.  My crab legs were extremely flimsy and over cooked.  I had two center legs that when I cracked I couldn't find any meat. Their seasoning was overpowering on the few places where it just clotted up.  I was extremely disappointed.  The piece of corn was over boiled and almost slimy in spots leading me to believe it was sitting out too long. I don't think the potatoes had any seasoning on them which goes against traditional styles of cooking. Grade for seafood dinner: 2  Since the salad and house dressing was actually pretty good. The steak was fantastic. My friends was raving about it between his bites. He shared a nice piece and it was cooked perfectly to order,  seasoned well, and it was a really nice cut.  The potatoes he received were the same as mine, making it more of a traditional steak and potatoes plate.  I ate the veggie mix and it was under seasoned and over cooked.   Grade for steak dinner: 3   since a great steak at a seafood joint is kind of a cop out.
Wonderful seafood, and their steaks are amazing (minus the tuna steak, which was extremely dry and tasteless).  However, the rest of the food and experience was good enough to give it 4-stars.
To people who thinks this place is overpriced, i can assure you it is not. The king crab steamer was mpre thab enough for 2! Seasoning was perfect, portion was huge, and the seafood is so fresh!
The crab legs were amazing. We got the crab and shrimp steamer for 1 and it was more than enough food for 2 people. Cheap beer too. Also, while we're were there a large family came in with multiple kids and management was very accommodating to them. This place has landed on our regular list while we are on vacation.
What can I say this is my place for crabs. Love the snow crab bucket for one stocked full of snow crab, shrimp, potatoes and corn. The meal begins with a delightful salad. The atmosphere is one of my favorites. Love the big booths and blues. Can't wait to come back!
Average food. High prices. Both our meals were overly bland. I had grouper and it tasted very bland. The scallops and key lime pie were good though. House dressing good too.
Went to Old Bay Steamer on 9/1/14.  Our waiter was Shay and the service was awesome.  Split a Jumbo Steamer 5 ways and still had leftovers.  Great atmosphere, its a little loud, but great for my 2 and 3 year olds.  Kids Menu seemed lacking but the kids loved what they got.
I took my parents here recently and we were pleasantly surprised!  The three of us split the Gulf Steamer and it was the perfect amount of food.  The crab legs, shrimp, corn, and potatoes were delicious. However, the muscles and oysters were a bit overdone and bland.  Another good thing about this place is the service.  Our waitress, Katie, was super friendly and very attentive.  Next time we come here we will definitely be ordering the King Crab Super Steamer instead (which is just the crab, shrimp, corn, and potatoes).
Ate there last night. I have to question if the people giving this place good reviews have actually ever had good seafood before. The food: Catch of the Day was over cooked and not fresh. Seemed to be frozen fish. A very small portion for the price. Veggies were pretty mushy and over salted. Try adding grilled veggies to to this dish. Service: When did it become cool for waiters to stop writing down the order? The apps did not come out at one time. He messed up my order. Forgot my oysters. Forgot my drink. Salad came after the apps. At half the price this place is still only 3 stars. Go elsewhere.
Seafood is plentiful throughout the Florida Gulf Coast. However, healthy options aren't exactly easy to find. Old Bay Steamer fills a nice niche---providing healthy seafood without the dreaded fry batter hangover. Setting aside the health appeal, Old Bay stands on its own as one of the best restaurants in the area... No question the best restaurant on Okaloosa Island. The stuffed mushroom appetizer is pretty nice if you need a hearty starter. Beer prices are good too. The sticker shock may turn some off (prices seem a little high), but the portion size will make up for it. Try steaming your own stuff & you will soon realize this stuff ain't cheap. Do yourself a favor and enjoy some of the best the area has to offer.
Wife and I enjoyed our meal completely - drinks were good, service was attentive, and food was very ample, good quality, and well prepared.  We had Alaskan/snow crab steamer and surf & turf.  While I wouldn't put steak in category of best steakhouses and sauce was a bit much for my taste, it was very good.   Little neck clams were fantastic. We liked the casual / unique (blues) decor.  Just don't expect ritzy as the $ have been put into the food.   Best meal we had in the area. Will be back.
Loved it! The seared scallop appetizer was great, just be ready for some heat. The salad was awesome, although slightly overdressed. The lobster steamer was amazing, just way more than we could eat! A fun atmosphere and great service! The only downside was limited parking, but you'll need a walk after trying to put down all that delicious food!
I went there with my husband on out vacation,cuz we tired of fried seafood,and want to give a try ,we love it,we had a lobster super steamer for 2 and some apps,very fresh seafood,we enjoyed the crab legs,waitress was really sweet and helpful,she said she was new,but she did a goog job.a little pricy,but we.think it worth it,we will.be back
If you are a tourist I give you a 90% chance of coming here and dropping 200+ for you and your family to eat. The food to me is ok. My wife and I since we lived here the last 2 years ate here twice. The first because its like the typical tourist place to eat. You go because everyone else does and you have with a credit card receipt asking yourself was it worth it? I just have to question the pricing. The food is good however they are over charging for seafood thats is very cheap to get in the area.
The place has plenty of room. But parking is a bit tight. The gumbo was the bomb! The salad comes with only one dressing but it is so good that is all you need.  And The Little Steamer, well I had it twice on a 7 day trip. Need I say more!
Three families all agree this place is a 5.... food, atmosphere and staff are great. ... we recommend highly. ... Kirsten was great. . Thank you
Food was pretty good, they are known for their steamers which was a lot for one person... Their steamer for one in my opinion can feed two people.
Excellent! If you're looking for amazing steam pots this is the place. The food is excellent and the price is very reasonable considering what you get. We have eaten here many times and the food is always great. Great atmosphere, and kid friendly. Only down fall is parking can be tight at times.
Pricey but well worth the cost!  Excellent crab and healthy portions!  Great service and their homemade dressing is delicious!
4.5 stars for service. Our waiter was outstanding. This experience was ~2 years ago tho so in all fairness cannot vouch for the quality of food now. The food that my commercial fisherman of a brother & I had was okay. Crab, shrimp et al, slightly overcooked. Given what we experienced, we then proceeded to head on over to Joe Patti's in Pensacola the next day & whipped up our own version which was, I'm boasting to say, outstanding. This area has some outrageous fresh seafood! If I was in the area & wanted to avoid fried food & couldn't cook my own seafood critters, then indeed, I'd venture here again. Nice blues music. Excellent service.
We ate at the Old Bay Steamer tonight. Staff were friendly. Michael was our server and he was very attentive. Had a crab cake appetizer and my wife had the stuffed mushroom app as her entree. I had the king crab and shrimp platter. Not a bad place to go, if you happen to be at one of the condos on okaloosa island. Definitely not something to go out of your way for. Wait staff makes this place tolerable. Crab cake. (Not good) seasoning was ok but the cake itself had no texture and was more breading than crab. Wouldn't order it again as it was 14 bucks. Mix was just too mushy. No visible crab meat in the cake. A little remoulade/ cream sauce on top. Not sure which because there was barely any sauce on the dish and sauce had no flavor. Came with a half a sliced zucchini as a garnish that was not seasoned. Stuffed mushrooms. (Not good). Same seasoning as the crab cake. They put the crab stuffing mix in the middle of the plate and put a few tiny portabellas around it and cover it with cheese. Don't how thats a 'stuffed' mushroom but ok. Again just a mushy crab meat and breading mix (mostly bread crumbs) with no texture covered with melted cheese. Wouldn't order it again. King crab and royal reds shrimp platter. (Very good)  royal reds and crab were cooked well. A little overdone but not much. Spicy seasoning on crab and reds was good, came with 2 boiled new potatoes and a corn on the cob that were unseasoned. Irish creme pie. (Very good) a baileys flavored filling with whip cream and chocolate crust. Not bad
I have always loved the food here and I still do. My son and I used to make that a mom and son place for years- our favorite is the lobster steamer with 2 lobster tails varied crab clusters and ruby red shrimp. Meals have gotten extremely high priced so
Simple steamed seafood done right. This is a staple for my wife and I when we vacation in the area.  We almost always get the lobster steamer for two and always leave satisfied. They have really good signature drinks and the environment is nice, but not stuffy at all. Feel free to get your hands dirty in that lobster steamer.   If you are looking for seafood - and want to taste the seafood you are eating, this is your place.
By far one of the best in the area food decor and service. The crab cakes are 5 star for sure. We will be back and bring friends and family.
My Wife and I LOVE the Basic Steamer Platter - Royal Red Shrimp and Crab Legs for two.
In one word "amazing". The best seafood I have had outside of the Chesapeake Bay Area eating at crab shacks on the waterfront. Ordered the stuffed mushrooms and the larger steamer with lobster for two which included snow crab legs, king crab legs, large red shrimp, corn, potatoes, and of course lobster. Ironically enough, the lobster was out least favorite part two with the snow crab and red shrimp (very surprised) being absolutely delicious. Every bite better than the last. The salad that came with dinner was covered in a house dressing that was very very good. I am devoting a new paragraph for the mushrooms alone. Let me start by saying I do NOT like mushrooms. This was a bday dinner and the bday girl wanted them so she got them. I was blown away. Crab cheese mushrooms and I don't know what else but one of the best things I have ever eaten. We are going back tonight just to get those and a couple drinks! The ambiance is quite nice as well. They have original artwork with a blues/New Orleans theme. A somewhat casual place that is still nice and welcoming. Service was great and our server was very sweet. Only downside is price. Steamer was $78 plus mushrooms a tea and a beer was $120 after tip. Great bday dinner and very happy I took my coworkers recommendation!
My mother and I visited for dinner over Mother's Day weekend!  We had a great meal.  Our waiter was very attentive and helpful.   The salad that comes with the meal is wonderful!  The house dressing is sweet, but is light and compliments the salad very well.   We had waited all day for this meal, skipped lunch, etc...so we ordered the Family Jumbo Steamer.  We love seafood!  But our eyes were much bigger than our stomachs!  There was so much food!  But we enjoyed what we could, then the waiter packed it up very nicely for us and we had enough food for dinner the next night.
I've been coming to the Destin area for 10 years, I will not return to this restaurant. The staff is very nice. I order crab cakes which weren't very good. My husband got scallops which were decent. However, the kids menu is the first one to make sense. Our daughter ate all her food. This was pretty expensive too.
I am a long time fan of Old Bay Steamer, but my most recent experience left me a little concerned that they are starting to cut corners or are becoming more concerned with chasing the almighty dollar.  What happened to the BOWLS of water with lemon that used to be given at the completion of a meal for cleaning the fingers/hands?  Now they bring you a tiny sauce container kind of thing that is hardly adequate for the task.  I also noticed that they now serve up loaves of bread (for an additional fee) and they look absolutely delicious.  They appear to be topped with chopped garlic, some type of grated cheese and mushrooms, with a good amount of butter poured over top and spilling down on the plate.  Not one person in my party, however, enjoyed this bread, and we are big bread fans.  Skip their martinis, they serve them in small martini glasses and charge close to $10 each for them.  Still, unless they do something to really tee me, off I'll remain a fan overall.
Lost their vision. Forgot how not to over cook seafood. Don't go here. Paying 70 bucks for a bucket is ok. You get a lot of food. But when it reminds me of crab legs from an all you can eat Chinese buffet. I will pass.
Parking is difficult - in part because there are always people milling around the parking lot waiting to be seated - but once you get in you're likely to be impressed.  Baked oysters to start the meal were small (which is completely fine with me) but excellent.  For main meals, we had the Royal Red Shrimp and King Crab Steamers - not cheap but a dozen large Royal Reds along with corn and potatoes for $17 isn't bad at a restaurant and they were cooked perfectly.  I forget what my King Crab cost (and yes, I know it isn't local) but I have to say it was a large portion and some of the best King Crab I've ever eaten (they gave me drawn butter but absolutely no need for it).  Okay, the sides are just a half ear of corn and 2 red potatoes but everything was seasoned well with just enough spice and we definitely did not leave hungry.  I'd go back on future trips to the area, and I think the way to go here is definitely the Steamers.
Very expensive. I ordered little steamer and my friend ordered the grilled lobster and brushed scllops. Both were overcooked. I sent mine back since the mussles, clams, and oysters all looked like erasers and the crab legs and shrimp were nasty. It took them over 35 mins to bring me a new dinner. Don't waste your time or money here. I only gave it 1 star because I had to.
Date night with the wife, but nah... There's a ton of other places around the area. The service was super quick and the food was okay. Parking is a pain and we went to an early dinner. A bit pricey, but huge portions. Started with the combo tuna & crab dip and a couple draft beers - stale ships and the beer was close to skunky. I'll normally ask the server what they'd recommend and the first thing he mentioned was the surf & turf - the most expensive thing on the menu and neither one came from anywhere near the area. By all means, if it's just two of you, split the single steamer. We got the king and snow crab combo. Was really hoping for more, but disappointed and would go somewhere else.
My husband and I came for dinner and was seated very quickly at a booth. The atmosphere was nice and casual. As we walked in we looked on people's tables to see their food, wow, everyone had giant bowls of seafood! We ordered the steamer for 2, of course it was tons of food, way more than 2 of us could eat. It was just ok, was not that flavorful, you had to choose one of the sauces in order to get some flavor into the meal. The corn was over cooked and super soft, the shrimp was really difficult to peel, the meat got stuck to the shell and you ended up throwing away most of the shrimp. Our waitress was a little off, she did not come to visit us often, we were out of water and took forever to get the bill. It was just blah, nothing exciting at all and super expensive too!
Food was extremely overpriced ($34 for king crab steamer - 1/2 lb). The waiter forgot my husband ordered two dishes and only brought out one then was gently reminded 10 min later and he said he forgot.... There is no view... We went there based on the yelp reviews, and I have to say I was not impressed.
The oysters were amazing! So were the steamers and the surf n turf! The tuna was nothing to write home about bit still yummy. Don't order the garlic bread - it was awful (soggy and had canned mushrooms ontop?) would have given this place 5 stars but the service was rough.
We took a chance here and were pleasantly surprised! We walked here from our condo one evening. It looks very classy on the outside, but is very casual on the inside. So don't worry about having to dress up after a day at the beach. Very pleased with our meal. My boyfriend said it was some of the best king crab legs ever. And he lives and breathes crab legs, so take it from him. Service was fast and efficient. The menu has a drink called the Strong Island, and they actually limit it to only one per customer, per visit. Yes please! It's similar to a Long Island Ice Tea, and it got the job DONE! It comes in a huge iced mug and is delicious! Inside decor is dimly lit, booths and tables, very casual, with a jazz theme motif. If you're in Florida for the seafood, this is where you want to stop. And they're not open late night, so don't wait. YUM!
My husband and I shared the Gulf Steamer, a generous portion of king and snow crab legs, mussels, clams, and oysters with new potatoes and Cobb corn. The meal was excellent, and to top it off the service was also outstanding. If we are ever back in the area we will make a point to have dinner here again. TIP-- Get there early, wait line starts before 6pm.
Great food, great service, great prices. This is one of the best, hands down, places we've found for seafood. Delicious crab legs. We ordered a steamer for 2 and it consisted of crab legs, shrimp, mussels, potatoes, etc.
The fried shrimp is ok but I tried the shrimp one time and it tasted nasty because I forgot to take the legs out and it really tasted like blood!!
Destin/Ft. Walton is filled with tourist traps. This is not one. People talk about it being expensive, but it's worth it. The portions are ample and the seafood is extremely fresh. The two best items we had were the lobster and the king crab, but it was honestly all great. It's a lot of work but a lot of fun to peel and crack all your food, but again, it's worth it. Great service, great seafood - what else do you want.
Great seafood!!!  Took family there on a Sunday night, no waiting, excellent service.  Seafood nachos and stuffed mushrooms for apps were both out of this world!!!  The basic steamer pot was wonderful, fresh, and way more than a 2 person setting.  Also had BBQ ribs that were fall off the bone, melt in your mouth good.  Who knew fantastic ribs at a seafood place. Truly a Surf N Turf nite that all enjoyed.  We will visit again on our next trip to the Destin area!
BEST seafood in town---that is, if you like REAL seafood and not deep-fried, tourist-driven junk.  Excellent portions of fresh crab, shrimp, and clams.  We always felt we got our money's worth each and then some every time we dined here.  No other restaurant at which we've dined while living here carries the same quality or quantity when it comes to crabs and shrimp.  The homemade salad dressing (which is delicious) is a nice touch as well.  We always leave this restaurant perfectly satisfied and ready for a nice walk on the beach.
Thanks to Yelp, I picked Old Bay Steamer as my first ever Ft Walton Beach dining experience.  I so lucked out! First, it was five minutes from my rental and that was a plus.  Since I had been at the beach all day and had not eaten, I got there before there was any type of dinner crowd.  Plus it was a Monday night. No wait and I had a drink in my hand almost before I sat down! Service was good, ambiance was pleasant.   I started with my new love of Mussels.  Divine. Then I had the Grouper.  Grouper is not my favorite fish but that night it was Catch of the Day and they recommended it.  It was excellent.  Light, seasoned perfectly and cooked up just right.  I even ate the rice pilaf with it and I never do that! Nice choice if you are staying in FWB or even Destin. If you are staying in Destin and are tired of the crowds and prices, definitely drive over the bridge and give 'em a spin! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant.
We were visiting fort walton beach and wanted to eat seafood. We read reviews about Old Bay Steamer and decided to go there. Food was amazing! They first serve you a house salad with a red wine vinagrarette before your meal. Salad was delicious. Then our food arrived.  We had crab legs, shrimp, corn, mussels, you name it! It was one of the best seafood platters I've ever had. The crab legs were just so delicious; melted in your mouth! I would suggest the crab legs and shrimp combo. Also, they have nothing fried on the menu! Everything is steamed or baked. That's what I love! It is a little pricy, about $30+ a person, but worth it! Our server was a little slow, not very talkative, I didn't like that. We also went there about 5:30 ish on a Tuesday, and by the time we left, they already had a long wait. So we went at a perfect time.
I ate here twice when i was staying at the hotel across the street and both meals were very good! Seafood was 5 star...absolutely incredible! Service was great and the  atmosphere is pretty cool. The second time i went with about 13 of my coworkers and everyone loved the food.
So, I'll start off by saying that I almost have this place a 4, but the food & service rates a 5. There is absolutely no view here & it's quite loud with the metal ceiling (which is pretty to look at & great for us b/c we have small kids) vibrates noise all around. We ordered the "basic streamer for two" which included crabs legs, 2lbs large shrimp, corn on the cob & new potatoes. We had to pay $4 extra per lb of shrimp in order to have them de-headed, but totally worth it to me. We probably could have gotten by with the steamer for one. LOTS of food & most of it seafood, not filler. If your looking for the best steamed seafood & crab legs... Go here & then head to the harbor for drinks & the view!
I wanted to have a seafood dinner AND give my arteries a much needed break from the fryer, so we tried Old Bay on a recommendation. The ambiance is ok...nothing special going on here, and pretty much a windowless room if I remember correctly. Not touristy, but full of them. Service was good throughout the evening. Several folks paired up on some of their monster buckets...good grief it was a lot of seafood. I had the Mahi mahi beurre blanc with crab meat topping entree, and it was quite nice. Good salad. Overall: This place was close to four stars, but a three and a half for sure
Old Bay Steamer is the best seafood available in the area.  Unfortunately, the south (with the noteworthy exception of New Orleans and you could argue Charleston) has no idea how to cook seafood properly.  That tradition extends to this region, where you're likely to get fried catfish with tartar sauce at a "seafood restaurant."  Old Bay Steamer delivers what the name offers.  Quality steamed seafood. It does cater to the spring and summer tourism, and they aren't cheap, but you do get a lot of food.  I'm also fond of the interior, decorated in portraits of Delta blues greats. I have gotten less than quality service here, but the owner and management definitely seem to be working on it.
When people ask me what's my favorite seafood place, I say that's easy - Old Bay Steamer in FWB in Florida.  This place is hands down the best seafood broil I've ever had.  I always get the big platter for two and share with a friend, so we can taste little bit of everything.  The crabs are amazing and perfectly seasoned.  I love how tender the potatoes and the corn are.  The broil seasoning has a nice cajun kick and since I love spicy food, I can't get enough of it. The atmosphere is nice enough that you could take someone here for a nice dressed up dinner, or a casual dining-in.  The people aren't pretentious and everyone seems to have a good time. I would give it 5 stars but every time I've been to this place, I've had to wait a long time to get a table, then the menu, then the drinks, then the food, etc etc.  Definitely try this place.  Ask for a table, go upstairs to the big bar and start drinking 'til your table is ready!
For the price to service and food just doesn't fit, most of the food was good (not great) shrimp where over done mussels looked sad and not edible crab was good. I guess growing up in the area eating a lot of seafood expect a higher standard and I should have got it for the price they charge.
This is my favorite seafood restaurant in Destin. I've never waited more than 45 minutes to an hour for a table, and you can order drinks and appetizers at the bar upstairs while you wait. The smoked tuna dip app is delicious. The salad is almost my favorite part of the meal. They sell the salad dressing, and it really is that good. The steamer plates are always perfectly steamed and I feel like the prices are good for everything you get. Excellent restaurant!
Yummy!  Is all I have to say. Went here with some great company and a huge appetite.   Unfortunately my waiter was busy waiting on a table of 12 and forgot about us for about an hour, so I walked up to the bar and asked the bartender to put our orders in. I got the King Crab Dinner, it was spot on!  My friend got the shrimp fettuccine and she really enjoyed it.  It was gone in 60 seconds. Would have appreciated if our waiter was more attentive and didn't take off on us, but it is what it is. Look forward to going back here again and trying more of their seafood.
We decided to have a bucket of steamed crab legs and shrimp with all of the fixins.  The bucket came out steamy hot. Can't complain, the food was hot and good. That's what we paid for!  but my SO swears that the tables next to ours got larger buckets of steamed seafood!  hhhmmm..... A little bit on the pricey side and caters to tourists, as this immediate area is filled with hotels.   Can't give this place 5 stars for the following reason:   a. The wait was over 25 minutes long b. The waitress never cracked a smile (service with a smile???) c. No parking nearby -- there should be better parking available for a restaurant that is busy like this one.   Would return again if we get a hankering for steamed seafood.
We found the food good, as was most of the seafood we ate while visiting.  The view was nice.  For some reason, the corn sticks out. Great service.
Way over priced for the quality/ service/ atmosphere.
I've been to Old Bay a couple of times now, and I have always been pleased with my meal. Now, one time my dinner companion was pretty unhappy with his food, but he ordered a fish filet instead of, you know, a steamer. The steamer is the way to go. It's got a little of everything, has a great flavor, and is filling. The salad is served family style (and isn't very exciting). Get the steamer (try the little steamer if you aren't sure)!.
No Fried Crap.  Loved it.
We ordered the crab claw appetizer, very good, ahi tuna seared was okay.  The tuna wasn't that great.  Everything was really overpriced.
Always a great place to eat after a long day at the beach. If you are between Navarre Beach and Destin, take the drive to Ft. Walton. Steamer has awesome steamed Shrimp and Crab/king legs. I usually get the dinner for one for myself. We have ordered the tuna and crab dip as an app., thats good. The house salad served with the entree has a neat homemade vinaigrette thats good. Service was/is good, not great. Parking is not great and get there early to avoid a wait. Parties of 8 can call ahead but no reservations.
My family and I were very impressed with the service and food quality and quantity.  There's a lot of overpriced seafood restraunts in the destin/ft. Walton area; this is not one of them.  Great value and excellent food.  We arrived at 6:00 p.m. and were seated immediately.  When we left there was a substantial line.
Excellent food and service.  We started off with a fresh, delicious salad.  I had the best scallops I've ever had, alongside some awesome grilled asparagus.   The rice was nothing special, and the salsa was too hot for my taste.  I also ordered the garlic butter mushroom bread, because it sounded so good, and I ate most of it, because it was a special treat for me, since I normally steer clear from gluten.  But it was not really all that special as far as breads go, and I would not order that again.   I am sure the desserts were awesome, but we didn't have room in our tummies t try that!   We will certainly visit again when we are in town.
Very good. I just love their salads and their dry-steamed seafood. It's amazing. I always have to stop by here when I'm in Florida.
I really truly like this place.  I have only been once, but Old Bay was up for a challenge: My wife, my best friend and his wife, and our children (9 months and 6 months).....here we go! The place is big and reminds me of a more upscale Red Lobster.  The smell permeating from the inside was mouth watering.  We were greeted immediately, sat equally as quick, a nice big rounded booth in the corner.  Our server was prompt, got our drink orders, and left us salivating over the menu.  We each got up to go to the bathroom (long drive from ATL), and I noticed how we each stared at the mammoth pots full of seafood at surrounding tables. Once our drinks arrived, we decided to order one called the Family Pot O' Seafood (not sure what the real name is) but it was loaded with seasoned shrimp, 2 types of crab legs, potatoes, corn, clams, and mussels.  This most assuredly filled us all up.  We downed a couple beers and we could not have been happier. I will be back to relish in the atmosphere and food next April, whilst on vacation with the family. Thank you for a great dining experience Old Bay Steamer!!
My wife had the King crab and I had steak & shrimp. She loved it and said it was everything she hoped for. My steak was very good but the shrimp wasn't my thing. The house salad was favorite part of the meal! Overall a tremendous amount of food with great service but definitely prIcey
Beautiful decor and lovely menu with a great wine selection. Generous portions of my most favorite food: seafood. The salad that comes with the meal is very refreshing with a house made dressing. We usually get the family combo - with 2 adults and 2 kids we end up loosening our buttons on the way home. Another big plus is that the food always comes to the table fast and stuff is very energetic and attentive.  Love this place.
Food was good. Service was excellent. Parking was minimal....you may have to walk a little.
Great, friendly service and EXCELLENT king crab.  Crab/oyster/mussels were blah.  Great beer selection.  It's unfair for an Iowa boy to rate them on their corn. So I won't.
Fantastic fresh seafood!!  I had the scallops with asparagus, rice, and mango salsa and my husband had the Little Steamer which included mussels, clams, shrimp, and snow crab.  Plus to start a great garden salad with homemade vinegarette.  Both were great meals!  Food is fresh and delicious!  Service was good.  A little pricey, but to be expected for fresh seafood.  Highly recommend!
I think you'd be hard pressed to find a nicer group of people working in the area.  Bellied up to the bar where Aaron was more than willing to answer any questions.  Beers were cold and food was fantastic. I would highly recommend stopping in and having a drink or two while enjoying their great food.
Best seafood and atmosphere on Okaloosa Island!!  The food is MAGNIFICENT in preparation and presentation!  Maybe I'm biased, but how could you not be biased when every time, all the time, the service is top notch, courteous, and friendly while also being laid back.  You are never rushed, and cared for constantly by multiple servers.  Not to mention, you get what you pay for here...and enough for lunch the next day too!  My family and entire office love Old Bay...keep the lights on for us, we are regulars!
Can I say the best seafood I've had in the Panhandle!!! I had the lobster and Oh MY!!! The service was great our waiter was very helpful. Great atmosphere for kids as well. They have large platters enough to share or if you are just way too hungry to share that's covered as well... A must do!
Along with Pandora's, the Old Bay Steamer is in my top two restaurants in Fort Walton Beach.  Just the salad dressing would be worth the visit but the crab is always prepared excellently and the sides notable.  I almost hate to review this restaurant too good because it will help attract tourists and make it even more crowded.
Wonderful place. Food was excellent and the service was phenomenal!  Server explained choices and what came with everything. Was a fun way to spend an evening and I don't see how you could ever come away hungry.
The night started out wrong.  Old Bay has an up and downstairs sitting area.  We parked in the back.  As we pulled up we saw a waiter taking food upstairs.  I don't think it's sanitary to take food out of the restaurant and walk it upstairs.  Plus, the man was smoking over the uncovered food. Our waitress was great.  I had the little steamer.  It was great.  The ambience wasn't anything spectacular but it was enjoyable. I'd recommend you go there.  If I go back to Fort Walton, I'd probably go back to Old Bay.
Have eaten here for years while visiting Destin.  We were not disappointed.  Really fresh and outstanding seafood.  We went with some friends who live in Destin and they gave us a great tip.  Remove the heads, then suck the shrimp with the seasoning before peeling and eating.  You own't be disappointed.
Every time I visit Destin, I have to eat at this place.  It is about a half an hour drive from Destin depending on traffic, but it is worth it. During the holidays the wait can be a  while. Everything here is steamed. Their motto is "No Fried Crap!" For starters they have a great salad with a special house dressing. It is delicious!  My favorite is the King Crab. It comes with corn on the cob that melts in your mouth and new potatoes. I don't care for the potatoes. All the seafood is topped off with Old Bay seasoning which is finger lickin' good!  The portion is a good size for the money. It is a very casual seafood restaurant.  They have plastic buckets on the table for shells and a roll of paper towels in case you get too dirty. I always look forward to my trips to Destin bc I love eating here!
One star is GENEROUS! It was horrible. Oysters looked like dried turds! Tasted worse! See picture.  It's beyond words! They were smaller than a dime! The shrimp and crab were "eh". If you like shrimp heads, you'll be happy. Waiter was unapologetic and disappeared when we complained. Don't bother if you want fresh seafood. Ugh!.
this place is the bomb!  come here with a group of friends and get the family sized platter of steamed seafood which includes tons of shrimps, Alaskan crab claws, claw clusters, mussels and clams, ton  of butter and cocktail sauce with salad and corn and potatoes. the cocktails are way too sweet and gives me a bit of a tummy ache. there is not much to say about this place but steam seafood is awesome. the decor is really good too with jazzy art and trinkets all over the place.
I had my appetizer and salad which was good and quick. Now for my meal. I'm thinking this is a good place.  And it turned out execellant..
Went to Old Bay on a recommendation from the locals. Went with a group of seven. Service was fine, nothing too remarkable, yet friendly and inviting. I split the family order ($94) three ways and had plenty of food to satisfy the appetite. King crab, snow crab, oysters, mussels, and GIANT shrimp. I'm from Cape Cod and would say that this place reminds my somewhat of the tourist locales that we have back home. The Mahi Mahi Beurre Blanc was delicious and very well presented. I would go again. Great location to spend a casual evening and let your appetite take over.
Frequently eat there and tonight was the worst ever. King crab was dry and sent it back. It came back dry again. The manager who was cooking said he disagreed. He must like shoe leather, as butter didn't help the dryness. He basically ignored my complaint! First class jerk!! I used to give glowing reviews of this restaurant, but no more!!
Awesome must try I if you are in Destin area.
The salad was delicious! I love their homemade vinaigrette. Sadly, the seafood was good, but not great. Definitely overpriced as well. If you're going as a double date, get the family feast and share. It's a better deal then ordering two separate pots. I was disappointed in the atmosphere. They serve the food (bibs, eat with your hands, buckets for trash, etc.) as if you're in a fun, laid back seafood joint, yet the prices and decor of the restaurant portray a semi-fancy tourist trap. So for me, I'm going to keep searching for my "seafood feast" spot, cause this wasn't it.
This place is over rate. Service was bad and the food don't help. From the beginning to the end. Waste time and money. Seafood was way over cooked and taste very sandy. The only positive thing was the crackers and salad was edible. Cheap utensil and plates but they charge you like a high nod restaurant.
Delicious food and nicely presented. Waiter was attentive but not a nuisance. Pricey, for sure. We tried the "stuffed" mushroom appetizer. There was a coating of cheese over the dish so thick that we could not see the mushrooms, although they were in there. Very rich. The shrimp skewers with grilled pineapple were great. The sauce was a treat. And the blackened red snapper (catch of the day) was super. Worth a visit if you do not mind paying the price.
It was our last night in Destin and my girlfriends suggested to eat here. IT WAS AMAZING! we ordered the King crab steamer for two ( It is a bit pricey but EASILY feeds 3 people)! I really suggest to order without the seasoning because it's perfect without it! The garlic and butter mussels were just amazing! The service is superb!  This place is worth stopping by every time you come to destin/fort walton!
