Love love love this little place. It's tucked away in more of a residential area so a little hard to find. However, the staff is very warm and inviting and the food is super yummy. They are one of the few restaurants in the area that cater to the CrossFit community with a health conscious paleo menu. I love the lettuce chicken wraps and the chicken salad :) Also, all of their salads are pretty large. You'll need a to-go box :)
You love yummy salads and staying fit, and now, with the Corner Cafe right around the corner, it's time to put down the peanut butter and jelly sandwich and eat lunch at a place that truly cares about your waistline.  Parking here at 11:40am was horrendous.  I would come either earlier or later to beat the horrible crowd.  Of course we don't eat salads, so my friend got a sandwich and I got a buffalo chicken wrap.  But they had mostly salads on the menu and the stuff on other people's plates looked good. My wrap came with two sides and I got egg salad and fruit cup.  The egg salad was delicious!  The fruit cup kind of had old fruits but I still ate everything anyway.  Greedily indiscriminate.  I know.   The wrap was okay.  Kind of small and weird but it was surprisingly good.  I was disappointed that the buffalo chicken was cold.  I strongly prefer a hot lunch and this place only seems to have cold food.  But the food was decent and they recently accept credit cards via an iPad.  No receipts though.
I really love this place!  It was absolutely packed when I visited the first time and that's a good sign.  They have a great selection and they also have a Paleo menu which is awesome.  So far my favorite thing to get here is the Buffalo chicken salad (Paleo version).  It's awesome and you don't even need dressing.  I did see a couple of flies hanging out in the prep area so that was a little off putting, but the food was delicious nonetheless.  The hours are kind of annoying though since they only open for lunch on Monday-Friday.  Wish they opened on the weekends too!
This place is pronominal! Period!  Local family ran cafe with outstanding food and service.  The chicken and dumpling soup is worth going for in itself.  The salads are HUGE and fresh.  Paleo menu!!
Wow!!! I can not say enough good things about this cafe. If you want fresh, healthy, and clean food then this is the place. The owner is amazing and truly cares about making people happy thru food!! So much healthy food can lack flavor, that is not the case here. Thank you for one of the best lunches I have had in a long time!!! Love your Carolina Girls!!!
This is one of those places that you get lucky to hear about.  It's not the type of place that you might just so happen to pass by one day and decide to stop by and see how the food is.  So it's one of those little hole in the walls that makes you want to eat there over and over to try each of the items on the menu.  I do not usually give 5 stars but I couldn't help but to give them these marks because of how impressed I was with the whole experience.  The place was small but clean and the artwork done by the owners kids was nicely placed throughout the cafe.  I love seeing mom and pop places doing their own thing rather than what you might expect from some of the typical franchises that we are exposed to.  Heather took my order for a Buffalo Chicken Salad and a Sweet tea.  She was friendly and very informative on the items available to me on the menu.  I really enjoyed my Buffalo Chicken Salad(Regular size) with feta cheese, cranraisins, and Blue Cheese.  I came in starving due to previously knocking out my 45 minutes of cardio, so the portion size they gave me was more than enough to satisfy my appetite (Even though I didn't leave any behind...too good to).  The side order that I chose for my meal was the broccoli salad, and it was delicious as well.  The last test was to see how good the sweet tea was and it followed suit with the rest of the good food that I enjoyed.  I am happy that I ordered a chicken wrap to go.
Great selection of Paleo soup & salads for CrossFitters!! This place is off the main drag and the only way to find it is to hear about from a friend.  I was just looking for a little changeup to my Paleo nutrition plan while doing a 6 week fitness challenge with my box at CrossFit Crestview and heard about these guys on Facebook. The Paleo Cobb Salad was quite tasty and the buffalo chicken salad was full of flavor and spicy!!   The main reason I gave it 4 stars is for the atmosphere.  Very geriatric and lacking in terms of theme.  Definately an older crowd for their normal menu BUT tey stay packed.  Most items on the menu are $7.25.
My supervisor took me there for lunch one day and I was hooked! It's small and quaint,a little hole in the wall that a lot of people don't know about. The staff are all very friendly! And the food is amazing. Their chicken salad is the best I have had. I would recommend this place to anyone.
My friend found this place when he was lost and it's become one of our new favorite lunch places.  $7.25 gets you a sandwich or salad, a side, and a slice of cake.  I loooove their chicken salad mostly because they always serve it with warm candied pecans.  I finally branched out and tried the tuna salad today.  Yum! No wonder this place is always busy.
Cute quaint lil lunch spot with fresh food options wraps salads sandwiches and a variety of sides all at an excellent price. This is a must try. Wasn't fond of the pasta salad but corner club was excellent. I can't wait to try more.
Its a true local, neighborhood business with the owner (Bridgette) on site - all the time. The building is probably an old block convenience store off the beaten path. You would not stop if you didn't know. The interior is clean, bright and a little like a throwback to an old 50's cafe with the inexpensive tables and chairs. Now the great part. The food and the portions are the largest and tastiest selection in town. Its like a Florida deli which means no windows or display cases and no fried foods but some of the most diverse healthy selections you can imagine. Salads, cold pastas, sandwiches, chicken salad with croissants, and a daily soup in the kettle. I am 6'3, 275 and can not eat the soup and salad combo for $ 7.95 without feeling stuffed. A great many to go boxes leave the front door. Just the soup will fill you up. I try to go once a week just to keep it fresh, no other restaurant in town compares. I always get the same thing, I know, but its really great, tuna salad, chicken salad (with grapes) feta cole slaw and cucumber salad and then they throw glazed pecans onto the plate as an extra. Bridgette makes all the items on site and the dressings mix on the plate for something really great. People have discovered the place so be there at 11:00 when they open or be prepared to wait in line, usually not more than ten minutes but I have seen it longer. They do a huge take out too, I have seen boxes of orders looking like 20 or so meals being picked up.
My supervisor took me here for lunch and all that I can say is WOW!!! The food was amazing and fresh and I can not wait to take more people there.  I had the chicken salad and it was amazing.. I had a side of feta slaw.. yes, feta slaw and I can't describe the flavor explosion that occurred in my mouth!!! The candied pecans was an added surprise and they were awesome!!! This place is amazing.. get there early because it get busy quick!!!! I will be back!
So glad someone took me here when I first moved to FWB. Their Chicken Salad is outstanding.
