In town on work travel and every time I pass this place during the lunch rush the drive thru line is always long. Since I took a late lunch today I decided to try it. VERY GOOD and you can't be a the price! I got the tender meal (comes with fries, slaw, toast and a drink for $7).  Honey mustard dressing was pretty good too. I would definitely recommend this place and will visit again.
Chicken strip are decent..kids like them..wings are not great..just ok...over fried and drenched in grease...tossed in basic buffalo.  Place is not the cleanest. .just pay attention as you roll through..youll will see what I mean.
Lemme just say this.....THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! Granted I've only had the chicken tender dinner, I'm perfectly content with that. The spices on their tenders and fries are awesome. When they ask if what dipping sauces you want, you NEED to get chipotle ranch and you should definitely try the red pepper jam. The tender dinner comes with the fries, slaw and a slice of toast and tea/lemonade. Definitely opt for the sweet tea, you won't be mad about it and you can always substitute the slaw if you're not really a fan and get a little extra fries. The food is great, it's drive through only but they have a couple tables outside the place, but I've never seen anyone there. The line gets backed up pretty good but it's worth it!!
AMAZING chicken tender sandwiches and fries!
It's fried chicken.  The set up is weird but it's alright.  Wings aren't even close to being as good as Buffalo Reef but they were satisfactory to my wing loving 4 year old.  The tenders were much better.  I like them better than Zaxby's.  Sure, they're a bit salty but it's not a health food restaurant.  Mac and cheese was dry and no one wanted to eat it.  Fries were okay according to the kid.
I go here once a week with a co-worker. This is our weekly cheat meal. We have been doing this for about 2 years now, they know our order when we drive up to the box and while they aren't like chick-fil-a on friendliness, I don't ever expect that. I come here to get the food and that's what I get. It's always amazing, never have any problems. If you want an excellent chicken tender meal don't bother going to zaxby's or any other chicken place, yardbirds is where you need to go!
This is a place that I always have to go to every time I'm in the area.  Great chicken, great prices.  For less than $10 I can get more food than i can typically eat.  Definitely recommend.
I loved most of the chicken tender dinner, but there was a bit too much seasoning all over it. It was unbearably salty on some of the pieces. I could have done without some of the seasoning. Excellent sweet tea, the lemonade tasted a bit too sugary for me. The food was fresh and I would go back. I'm hoping I got a bad batch or something.
For about $8 you get a very big portion, I normally can't finish it all. Ya get 4 very crispy chicken tenders(kinda small though) and a dipping sauce, a ton of crinkle cut fries, a side (the beans and slaw are actually very good), and some 'texas toast'. That's all I've tried here so far. Woulda gave it a 3.5 kuz I think the chicken is a little overdone and the price could be slightly cheaper due to the fact I don't always want fries or toast and would prefer more chicken instead. Definitely a good place though. I recommend the honey mustard.
The wings, chicken tenders and seasoned fries are awesome. Learn from other's mistakes and don't waste your time with the BBQ.  Last time I got a sandwich, it seemed like they scrapped the chopping block onto a hamburger bun and served it.  It was pretty nasty..
Let's make this simple: Awesome wings (favorite in the area). Delicious blue cheese. Surprisingly good key lime pie. Don't bother with the bbq.
good, cheap & fast.  what is not to like?  ive had a ton of wings in my time and the traditional buffalo wings meal is almost perfect.  for 6 dollars including tea, fries, slaw, carrots and ranch... it is perfect.
Yardbirds is a rock solid four stars, perhaps five in the right circumstance.. Place is legit, simple, and local as far as know.. Genuinely friendly service at both my visits. Chicken is hot, fresh, and delicious.. I've gotten the tender dinner twice now and can't say that I've had better anywhere that I can remember.. Yardbirds is a drive through/walk up joint with a few tables outside that I recommend for scarfing while everything is still piping hot and crispy. Highly recommended to locals and travelers alike!
For years I have been driving by this little drive thru place and seeing the line of cars always lined up around it and said to myself I need to go there even though I had no clue what they sold..I just knew it had to be something good with the crowds they always had..turns out it's a combination of Wingstop and Zaxby's except this place is very reasonably priced and locally owned...I have to say I was on the "Wing Bandwagon" way back in the late 80's and early 90's back when wings were reasonably priced...ya know when a 10 piece was 5 bucks..a 20 piece was 9 bucks and  Wednesday's were 20 cent wing night and Thursday's were AYCE for 7.99...now that they are so popular these days I don't eat them often cause I am appalled at 10 pieces selling for 10...20 pieces are selling for 20 and the specials are now 60 cent wing night and 13.99 for AYCE..wings are not worth that kind of cash in my book..so I was very happy to see this place charged 10.99 for a 20 Piece and so I ordered their Hot Wings and it turns out they were great.also have very good Blue Cheese to dip them in..also tried their Finger Box which came with fries..slaw and bread...they have about 8 different sauces to choose from for the fingers and I tried several of them since extras were only a quarter a pop..I liked the Cajun Ranch and The Honey Mustard a lot..I think on their limited menu I saw they also had Catfish and BBQ but I think the stars here are wings and fingers..this is definitely one of those don't judge a book by it's cover joints...does not look like much but the grub is good and reasonably priced and there are not a lot of places in FWB/Destin you can say that about..great place to call in a big order of wings and fingers and bring them home as you are watching football games in the fall and winter
Drive through only with a few tables set outside. The chicken is good and has an interesting seasoning.
The wings just blew me away!  I will be "flying" into Yard Birds more often!
lived in this town for 14 years, never tried this place, now I'm angry I didn't try it before, best chicken tenders I've ever had!
