My boyfriend & I like to frequent this place for brunch on Sundays.  They're service is quick & the food is always incredible, being made from scratch.  When it's the season, they grown & use they're own herbs from their back terrace. **The biscuits & gravy are TO DIE FOR!
Tommy Mattonies as a whole was disappointing. It took too long for our food order to come out and with so many selections closer to where we were staying, it's not somewhere I would travel a great distant to eat. Don't make the mistake of getting the oyster PO-Boy. Pre-Frozen/Pre-breaded oysters - Terrible. The roast beef PO-Boy was good. But not worth the 30 minute drive in traffic  and the wait. I can say that the breakfast looked very good that others were eating.
Outstanding pulled pork and brisket. Catering services reasonably priced. Fried corn was excellent. Their breakfast menu is great also.
Overall it was disappointing.  As mentioned in someone else's review, we also had a different server each time someone came to the table.   I asked for cocktail sauce and the cup they brought me was the consistency of Jell-O--definitely not sauce!  When I showed it to the waitress, she just said "Yeah, that happens".  She took it back to the kitchen and brought out another cup.  All she did was take it in back, put in a larger cup & stir it up--still jelly junk.  Nothing that should be served to a customer.
Showed up to TM's and we were quickly seated. I unfortunately got the Red Velvet waffle. While delicious, it was ultimately just too sweet for my taste. The eggs and bacon I got with it were delicious as well. My gf got the Crab Cake Bennies and she loved them. We've had them at several other places in the area, but she said these were just a bit more tender. She also had the Key Lime Crepe. It was good. Very tangy. All in all, delicious food and good service. Just be mindful that there is more parking in the back.
I enjoyed my first visit to this establishment well enough, I suppose. I went at lunchtime with a friend and we both had today's special, which was ribs with two sides (we chose fried corn and baked beans). All of the meats here are smoked, as advertised on their sign outside. The ribs were large spareribs and they had a great smokey flavor. The meat was tender but not fall-off-the-bone. They came very lightly sauced with one that had a slight yellowish tinge to it and some sweetness. On the table was a bottle simply labeled "Memphis Red" and it was indeed a red BBQ sauce, but I didn't find it to be as tasty as the one that came on the meat.  The fried corn threw me for a loop because I was expecting traditional, shaved off the cobb, fried corn.  This was a third of a cobb that had been seasoned and fried whole. It was pretty good.  The baked beans were just ok for me, but I admit that I'm a baked bean snob. I think that many will like them just fine, though.  The service was good so that's a plus.  Breakfast/brunch is also served at lunchtime so I will try that next time.  Parking can be a nightmare as there are only a few spaces in a small lot directly in the front, and the street the place is on is very busy. If you pull in and the lot is full you will have to maneuver like hell to get turned around because you won't be able to back out onto the street. More parking is available around back.
The food is awesome but both times we have been there the service was horrible.  We were seated by one waitress who took our drink order and never came back.  Another one took our food order and yet another brought our food.  We had to ask for refills.  The same person never came to our table twice.
If you love breakfast foods you definitely have to check this place out! Almost everything is good. Prices are decent and staff is friendly.
Great food. Wonderful breakfast and BBQ. We go here all the time. This place has a wonderful spin on " Floridian" eating.  There is a smoke pit out back where the BBQ is created. They have outdoor seating. The atmosphere is comfy and casual.
Visited Destin and on way to airport was lucky enough to see TMs. Awesome Po Boys. Had the shrimp and a pulled pork one. Best po boys i had including new orleans trips. Great customer service too. Everyone was extremely nice. If back in town def will come back.
This place is awesome! My family and I discovered it on yelp. This was the first place we found that has multiple types if eggs Benedict! We weren't a huge fan of the holandaise sauce but it was still good. We got the BBQ pulled pork one and we can say it did need more sauce. The shrimp po boy was amazing!! This was the first time I tried a poinsettia drink too and it's better than a mimosa! The portions are huge so definitely share! I recommend getting a po boy and add an additional four inches and splitting it with three people. That will be enough for the three and cost effective. The servers were really nice and helpful too. I would definitely recommend this place!
Loved it. I can't wait to go back. It's very quaint and the waitresses are all very nice and helpful. I had the Spanish Bennie and it was delicious and unique. I would recommend it if you're in the area.
We arrived for breakfast on a Sunday morning about 1015. It was our first visit. We  waited for a table about 15 mins. I got the steak Benedict, husband had sos Benedict. We were both satisfied with flavor and quantity of the food. I'm not sure that it was worth the wait. It took almost an hour before we got our food. Still no food after 11am, other people had ordered poboys and their food was coming out. I was beginning to think I'm not in the mood for breakfast anymore. So if you come here for breakfast be warned it maybe lunch time before you actually eat.  Other than the long wait it was good. I think in the future we will keep driving if the front parking is full.
Good local spot. The servers have always been prompt & friendly. My husband loves the benies here. I like that they have an outdoor seating area for those nice days.
Red velvet waffle was delicious. We ordered it as a starter for the table. Very local and casual feel. Ton of Benedicts to choose from. Very tasty.
Happened upon on this wonderful restaurant by accident! Right time, right place and yelp! LOL So glad we did! Will be our go to place for breakfast when we are in Ft. Walton!
Great food, great presentation, and friendly staff.  Would recommend.  I had the SOS Bennie; sausage and buiscuit with gravy and poached egg.  Phenomenal.
Service was good but it took way too long for the food to be cooked. The place wasn't even that busy. We went for breakfast so obviously we hadn't had anything to eat. We were starving by the time we got our food.  The multiple flies buzzing around didn't help our irritation with the place. The food was good but we weren't sure if it was because we were so hungry. I had the Bennie that didn't have meat with cheese grits and my husband got the Spanish mane platter. We also ordered the hash brown casserole which I liked a lot. The blueberry crepe was meh.  I doubt we'll be going back only because it shouldn't take 30 minutes to cook breakfast.
Tommy's is a great place for breakfast with a large variety of choices and they open early for the business community (6:00am)! Their omelettes are excellent. Be sure to order it with Gouda Cheese Grits! Top it all off with a Key Lime Crepe!
Great local place. Friendly service, innovative and tasty dishes inspired by NOLA and Florida. Distinctive for a little breakfast and lunch joint.
My first visit to Tommie's. Staff was helpful and efficient. The eggs Benedict and biscuit and gravy were perfect. Highly recommend. Need to try lunch sometime.
Very good local flair.  Best slow roasted smoked meat around, but breakfast is absolutely fantastic!
Great locally owned brunch location. Service was friendly, food was good, and prices were right. Plan to return here again since it's only about 2 miles away. I chose the Floribbean Omlet and my boyfriend got the Spanish Main Bennie. They have nearly a dozen different kinds of eggs benedict, if that's your thing. Also had crepes and waffles in addition to more heavier traditional lunch items like sandwiches and poboys.
My husband and I love this place! We've tried other breakfast spots and we are always disappointed. First, it's a very cozy sweet diner/ cafe with parking in front and back. Our servers are usually very accommodating, sweet, and they offer military discount. They have a small size breakfast that is perfect for me for a great price! They make perfect poached eggs, biscuits are delicious and my husband loves their  omelette.
Well Tommy did call me after about 2 months and said sorry about the way i was treated. Did it still happen......yes.  If i did not write this would anything have ever happen about it......no.  Will i go back.....maybe but no time soon. But he did call.
Food was awesome but kitchen gets back up therefore we waited a long time for our food to come out. It was worth the wait though! I had the pulled pork eggs Benedict, it was very very good. Our table got the red velvet waffle and cinnamon roll French toast for the table to share both were OUTSTANDING! Don't miss this place.
I really love Shrimp Po Boys and decided to check this place out. I preordered about 15 minutes early over the phone so I could just grab and go. Once I got there I still had to wait about 10-15 minutes to get my order. The sandwich was a little disappointing and the price was a bit steep as well. I probably won't come here again.
I was lucky enough to get to taste Tommy Mattonies for the first time recently at a chamber event I attended.  The food was great and the restaraunt is cozy.  I have to comment on the dessert. I am not a person who likes desserts but given the event I was at and its purpose I decided to try the crepe they gave us.  Yum, yum, yummy this was to die for.  For someone who typically doesn't like or eat desserts this was perfect. It wasn't to rich and it was very light.  Not to mention it was the perfect size not too big for those who were already full, don't want to eat a lot of desserts or are trying to keep their sweets limited.  I'll keep coming back and bring my friends/family who visit!
I went with a buddy for lunch, and while the service was good, our food was meh.  I don't think I'll go back.
Had the crab cake Bennie and it was great.  My brother got the steak Bennie and that was even better.  Highly recommended
"Very yummy! Cute place off the beaten path. The "smoker" out back smelled awesome as it smoked the brisket. Cuban was good! Service was good. I would come back."
My husband and I made a point of going out of our way to stop by here for lunch on our way to another location in FWB. I had read the review in the NW Florida Daily News and thought we should give it a try. The building is tucked back off Eglin Pkwy. by the foot of the Shalimar Bridge with a small parking lot and  is easy to miss.  Overall we were disappointed, but it is worth a second try given the ambitious menu and reviews. I selected the "Galley Grilled Brie with Mushrooms and Tarragon"..................I'm still looking for the Brie and tarragon!!!!!  From the menu description I envisioned a grilled Brie cheese sandwich with sauteed mushrooms, onions, garlic and tarragon on top. Not the case. I could not taste nor see any Brie cheese, much less the tarragon. When the waitress served my plate I saw what I thought was roast beef (actually I saw the dark brown grilled onions and mushrooms hanging out from the bread)and told her I had ordered the grilled Brie. It was served on regular warm hoagie bread and all I tasted was grilled mushrooms, onions and garlic. If the cheese had melted, then it had vanished too. My husband selected the "Fat Boy's Slow Smoked Pulled Pork Po-Boy". He is a Kansas City Certified BBQ Judge and said it was good, not great. We noticed a small BBQ sign out by the road as we drove in and a smokehouse with lots of firewood out back, but this is definitely not a to-go-to place for BBQ. The interior decor was standard issue for a sandwich place with a sailing theme, but overall the interior impression was one of old and used and needs some freshening up. The waitress was polite, friendly and attentive and said Tommy Mattonie's had been open for 8 months. The breakfast menu looked interesting with a number of items being "Mattonie's Bennies" (Eggs Benedict). I have read where the specialty crepes are great, so our second try will be for breakfast and crepes.
