Southern cooking at its best,  Mary's Kitchen has it down.  The staff is friendly and country, the food is fresh and southern.   I had the cat fish, and fries and I have to tell you both were so fresh and perfectly cooked.  If you have had fried cat fish before you know how wrong it is to overcook it.  My cat was moist, flaky in a beer battered perfection.   Mommy!  Lol  :) Next time I am in the area, I will come back for sure.
Had Fried Chicken, zipper peas, & turnip greens. Delicious! Reminded me of growing up. Tasty and seasoned just right. We eat here whenever we are in town.
Very good food and service! This was my go-to place when I was pregnant. Only criticism is that they close kind of early for a restaurant (8 PM)
The service was slow and the food was average.   We waited at the door for a few minutes the staff looked at us but  no one greeted us.  We ended up seating ourselves and they immediately had us move to another table.  They missed items on our order but luckily they didn't charge us for anything not served.  About 15 minutes into waiting, I reminded the server she forgot about our appetizer.  Another 10 minutes later our food came then followed the appetizer.  All of the food was average but the service was terrible.
This week my Dad and I went into Mary's Kitchen on a Tuesday around lunchtime. Even before we walked in the door we could tell it was going to be busy. There were a lot of people standing around the entrance waiting to be seated. There was only one hostess but she was very efficient about recognizing the order that guests came in and seating them accordingly. The restaurant was packed but we were seated very quickly (less than two minutes after walking in). Our server noticed us right away and even though she had a lot going on made a point to great us and let us know she would be right with us. She handled the tables in her section quickly but not in a way that made us feel like she just wanted to serve us and get us out of there. She had our drinks to us nearly as quickly as we ordered them and took our thorough order promptly. Their sweet tea is 5 five star. I had a cheeseburger with fries, which I'm sure isn't exactly a curveball for any lunch time diner, but it was great. I ordered it medium. I prefer medium rare but the last few places I have been have prepared it a little too rare. I don't think that would have been a problem at Mary's, their medium came out perfect. It also came out quickly. I don't think we waited more than ten minutes before it arrived. Our server did a great job of keeping our glasses full throughout the meal and also made sure that everything tasted all right, which it did. Mary's Kitchen would have gotten a 5th star if the portional size had been proportional. The meat in my cheeseburger was noticably smaller than then bun it was served on. That is my only reservation. This is my favorite place to eat in Uptown Station, and really in that entire area of Fort Walton it's going to be hard to find a better lunch, especially if you're on a lunch break and time is an issue.
Very good BBQ and sides.  Service is decent, though for some reason the dishes came out at different times.  Recommend.
Had lunch here today.I got the special which was chicken and dumplings. It was good with generous portions of chicken.the fried okra was the highlight of the meal, and the mac n cheese was ok. I will probably go back and try their barbecue. Overall a pretty good southern food experience.
This is a great little place to stop and eat. I've been told that this was their 3rd move.  My boyfriend and I come her about once a week, right after the weekly beer tasting at Wine World next door. We usually go with the fried catfish with the yummy hush puppies. After not having good hush puppies in a long time we were happy to get these. I also love their greens and mac 'n cheese. I came in once for lunch on a Friday to find it packed. I'm thinking they need a bigger place. It's nice to come in around 7pm, about an hour before they close. Headed back tonight and will try their ribs. Also forgot to mention that the food holds over well for left over lunches the next day.
Very friendly staff and great down home cooking, the meatloaf was spot on.  I dare you to look at the desserts, fantastic!
Very good food at an affordable price. You cant go wrong with the catfish. Server was nice and friendly. Country style cooking with a good selection if vegetables.
We have seen Mary's for the year and a half that we have been coming to FWB, but we have never took the opportunity to go in and have a meal. Too bad, they are very good. Went with the family. Food was classic southern. The table had corn fritters as an appetizer. They were very tasty.... Crunchy outside and moist center. We also, had the fried chicken and the field pork chops. The family enjoyed all. The sides ... Greens, Mac and cheese, cheese grits, mashed potatoes, rice and gravy were all great. We didn't save room for desert, too bad the pies and cakes looked great. We will make this a regular stop in FWB I would recommend this for families.   Great value!
Been here twice. Everything has been delicious, Chicken, bbq, veggies, pie. This is my "go to" place when visiting the panhandle. Service is has been great as well. I cannot wait to go back. Great job, Keep it up
Great home cooking in a friendly atmosphere.  This is a business that has been in several locations in FWB since 1950.  I have been going here as long as I can remember & it is truly a locals favorite.  The BBQ is great & the fried catfish is the best I've had anywhere.
The food is always great.  The service always friendly, fast, and fantastic.  Both the food and service has been consistent every time we visit there.  Mary's is a great place to come to if you are looking for some good homemade comfort food.
The food's pretty good, it's nice to have a place that serves "down home" cooking.  For some reason, though, I enjoyed this restaurant more, and the food seemed to be even better, when it was in its former location.
This place is a real find in a town with not too many good places to eat. Prices are reasonable and the service was kind and personable. We ordered the catfish and pulled pork. Sides included green beans, turnip greens, cheese grits, cole slaw and hush puppies on the side. Sweet ice tea was a treat. Dessert included blue berry pie with amazing crust and lemon merangue pie. I'd go back here again and would highly recommend this down home bbq place.
For decades Ft. Walton has been our beach destination regardless of where we were living.  And for the same amount of time we had been frustrated at the lack of good southern cooking "meat and three" places.  No longer!  Mary's Kitchen hits it out of the park with a variety of good food and stellar service.
If you are looking for good southern comfort food, this is the place.  Generous portions are well worth the price. The chicken and dumplings are the best I have ever had. It's a daily special--not on the regular menu, so call first if you want to try them. Another time I ordered the grilled pork chops from the regular menu and they were melt-in-your-mouth tender and seasoned just right.
I have been eating Marys Kitchen for many years. It use to be called Rays Barbecue. Well I love this BBQ and the sauce is perfect. The sad thing is IMO the quality of the food here has went downhill over the years. This use to be the go to place for BBQ and sides. Out whole family would eat here as a big treat. Not anymore though, the quality/flavor is just not there in the food anymore. I will say they have kept the amazing sauce recipe the same. So you can still get a really good pulled pork sandwich if you can get the meat "on a good day".
