Very good..should have found this place days ago... Too bad we have to go back to California..it's a family owned and operated small place. The food is very good.it's a mix between Puerto Rican/Mexican. The pork is very tasty, if it's not on the menu he'll make it for you..don't let the outside fool you... Home cooking at its best...don't go to one of the food chains to get latin food.
This place is fantastic. Family owned and operated by a wonderful group of people. The son sat us and explained the menu, which was really nice - we didn't have the heart to tell him that we've eaten Puerto Rican food all over the US - but in the end it was just nice to hear his take on their food. Everything is made fresh every day. We had the guacamole with tostones for an appetizer then we got the pork shoulder and mofongo with bistec. The father brought it to us and it was absolutely delicious. Later the mother stopped by to ask if we were enjoying the food. We were! About that time a number of locals came in and everyone conversed in Espanol. As we left we talked with the son in both Spanish and a little Portuguese. Muito bom!
This place was simply amazing! It is not very often that you get delicious food and great service in the same night. The main server who is also the son of the owners brought us a sample of one of the items we have inquired about. Between the group I was with, we had the bistek, chicken and pork tacos, as well as a pork shoulder plate. The beans and rice were great and the server happily brought us anything extra we asked for, to include cheese, salsa and cut up jalapeños. The plantains with guacamole were super tasty too! This is a definite must try for locals and visitors alike.
I love love love this place, if I could eat here every day I would. Family owned and operated this is authentic Puerto Rican food and it is delicious!! I love the pollo con habichuelas, empanadas (con guava y queso o pollo y queso), los tostones, etc ... Pretty much everything. Plus when you go here they're so humble and down to earth it's like you're with family!
This place is pretty small, seats maybe 22. I was told when I came in that there were no menus because new ones were being printed up and to choose from the 6 options written on the white board. However three different groups came in after me and they were all given menus. Not sure why I wasn't, but I saw the menus later and would have liked to have tried more options. Pretty disappointing. I got the pork shoulder with rice and beans and a can of sprite. No glass of ice was offered. The pork had great flavor, some was really moist, some was pretty dry. The beans were well seasoned and served piping hot. The rice was somewhat crunchy. As it stands don't feel it's worth a second trip.
This place is small and very simple. The service is kind of slow (it seemed like only two people were working).  I had the steak tacos and a portion of plantains and yuca. The food was very good with large portions. I'd like to go back and try the empanadas
This place gives your stomach an amazing treat. I consider myself a well traveled person and I can confidently say the tacos are the best authentic my lips have graced themselves upon. The menu is simple. The food is not you can tell the owners truly care about each and every customer. Everything taste as if it was made from scratch. Give this mom and pop place a try you will not be disappointed.
Must go. Family owned and operated, prepare for a home cooked meal. The food is fantastic and the owners are so proud of their good food. Get the pork shoulder and make sure to try there empanadas they will blow your mind.
My one and only place to eat Spanish food. Wish they were open daily. Almost cried my first time here I tought I was back home in PR in aunties living room having dinner. Cozy friendly place like my Caribbean people! And the owners are the best!
This was such a wonderful part of our vacation!  I'll warn you, there will most likely be a wait on the food but only because there is someone in the kitchen making everything fresh while you wait.  The food was delicious and worth the wait.  My husband and I tried a little bit of just about everything and it was all great. My favorite was the Tostones con Carne. We had a chance to talk with the owners and they were a delight. I felt as though I had found my long lost aunt, uncle and cousin.  I will definitely make El Rincon a part of my vacation next time I'm in Fort Walton.
Outstanding food.  Free appetizer arrived, plantain with a little meat and avocado, flavours were perfect and we knew we were in for a treat.  This place came up when we yelped for Mexican food, it was the closest and had 5 stars.  We noted it had only a few reviews but decided to drive on over.  Once we saw the place we thought, this could be terrible or excellent, but let's give it a try.  We are sure glad we did, the latter it turned out to be.   You will not be disappointed, small family run business, where fellow diners share thoughts and comments like, " what a gem, can't believe the quality for the price".   We saw tables share food with other tables to encourage a group to order a certain dish.   Service can be a little slow, but they care.   It's nice to have staff ready to rectify any issue when they ask how is everything.  We had no issues and we loved the genuine smiles on the chef when we told him everything was great.   Go on be adventurous, you will not regret it.
Delicious food and extremely nice waiter. Only reason why I didn't give it five stars is because there was a large group that ordered before us so it took a really long time for our food to come out. However, our waiter did bring us out free tacos and sweet plantains as a curtesy. All around great experience but maybe not for those in a hurry.
Outstanding, absolutely my favorite local restaurant.  Friendly, good service, fair prices, family owned and operated.   They also do catering.  Everything is made fresh, but the guacamole is a must order.
Excellent food, everything is very tasty and full of flavor. Local secret, be sure and try the pork roast plate
Absolutely love Rincon. Wonderful food and the owners are two of the sweetest people you could ever meet!  Great "local" spot, you won't be disappointed!
Excellent food and service!  Definitely will be going back.  Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had.  Kids loved the empanadas, husband had pork, & rice and it was so good.  The staff is super friendly.
Very good authentic Spanish food and I'm Puerto Rican so I can tell difference. This place makes you feel like your at your  abuelas house. Pernil (roast pork) is great as we'll as chicken and steak. The best part is its a local mom and pops shop so your very welcome and at home. They just started out so utensils and plates are disposable but I'd prefer that over most TGIs and Logans that give you dingy/dirty silverware. Must Go!
An excellent merging of puertorrican and mexican cuisines. Outstanding service, great price and wonderful flavors.
