My boyfriend lives on the Island and saw this new place. He thought it was an Asian place but upon yelping, saw it was breakfast! Just what the Island needed! The place is cute and the workers are so friendly! They cater to your every need, and our server was hilarious and engaging. I'm terrible at names but he is an excellent server and often see him on Sunday mornings. I got the pancakes with bacon. Seriously my fave pancakes are Cracker Barrel and these literally taste just as good or better. The bacon was perfectly crisp and not greasy. My boyfriend even approved and he loves his bacon. He got shrimp and grits and biscuits with gravy. My boyfriend is from Mississippi originally and grew up on this fare. He absolutely loved it. Tasted just like his grandma made it. The gravy has sausage in it and the biscuits were to die for. The grits were delectable (I don't like grits). Needless to say try this little hidden gem out. The food is delicious and service top knotch. Couldn't ask for more in a new restaurant.
We found this place based off fellow Yelp reviewers and were generally pleased with the place.  I would give this place higher reviews if it weren't for some minor hiccups with our experience.  To give them some credit, they were understaffed as they hadn't realized their restaurant patronage would sky-rocket as word got out about this place. There was a consistent flow of customers, but due to the shortness of staff, seating took longer than expected.  They ended up opening the back room to accommodate the influx of customers.  Once we were seated, it took us awhile to get our drinks, to include a mix-up of who was getting our drinks and the friendly waitress at one point forgot our drink order.  For some reason, there was no Air Conditioning in that upper back room, so it was hot and humid.  There was a fan blowing into the main room, but we ended up having to turn the fan towards the upper room because we and the other tables were sweltering.   The menu has a lot of variety.  I don't recall what we had, but the food wasn't that bad.  It truly depends on what you order.  It took a little while for our food to come out, but it was a busy morning for the restaurant.  There were wide gaps between times that two different servers would check on us.   Overall, I'd give this place a higher rating if we became regulars here.  Our waiter was very genial and apologetic about the craziness, but he was explaining how Yelp was a huge contributor to their client influx, and they were unprepared for that.   This place has a great deal of promise!
Based on Yelp, we decided to give it a shot.  It was pretty crowded and thankfully we were seated in the back of the restaurant - nice and quiet, cool.  The front was very humid, so we got lucky on that.  If you order coffee, you get the entire carafe, which was nice.  The server was very excited and proud! We ordered an assortment - Eggs Benedict, Crab Cake Benedict, Texas toast, french toast and a ham and cheese omelette.  I did take quite some time for the food to get out, and I was becoming nervous, but everything was good.  Just note that if you order the potato pancakes instead of the home fries, there's an upcharge.  Same with the "skillet' fries, which are home fries with onions, peppers, bacon and sausage gravy.  Not a big deal.  I would definitely return and recommend!  Locals are acknowledged, too. The downside....  The restaurant doors are soooo close to the parking lot with no walkway....  And there's quite a bit of foliage.  When we arrived, there were three or four big trucks parked RIGHT THERE and trying to maneuver around without getting a poke in the eye was annoying.  Also noteworthy was the parking lot was absolutely FILTHY!  Trash everywhere, broken bottles, fast food containers, and UNDERWEAR....  It was like WOW dirty....
Fantastic breakfast. Unique. Well worth every penny. The breakfast bowl is a great idea-- a large toasted bread bowl stuffed with eggs, sausage, potatoes, bacon and cheese galore! Hollandaise on the eggs benedict is just right. Not too heavy. Canadian bacon is thick and not too salty. Improvement needed: Coffee! It's just standard diner coffee. Kinda weak and flavorless. A place like this needs stronger and better quality coffee. And they should offer real cream. Not coffeemate creamers. Otherwise...great.
Awesome little gem on the island! I saw all of the good reviews for this place on yelp so I decided to check it out. The first time I went, I ordered one of their skillets. The skillets are a combination of meat, potatoes, and eggs. The potatoes are really delicious and the flavors in the skillet are good. The hot sauce bar is a nice complement. The next time I visited, I ordered the crabcakes Benny. I was a little nervous about eating crab for breakfast, but I was not disappointed! The crab was so delicious and fresh and the poached egg with hollandaise sauce on top just perfected the whole thing. I will definitely be back to try more of this delicious menu.
Food was amazing! I loved everything! I was a little bummed they ran out of steak when we went, but the food we ordered made up for it!
Good food. Coffee was just ok. Could be better. It was very hot inside when I was there. . Thats really my only complaint. . Definitely worth a try. ..
This is our new go to spot. Potatoes are great, service is great, and I loved the burrito. French toast was kind of dry though.
I have eaten here twice now. The food is amazing. There is no doubt the food is made from scratch. The menu has a great variety that appeals to all breakfast & brunch lovers.   Normally you would have one or two things to point that are exceptional, but when everything you have eaten is exceptional, what them? The service is great and the staff was very friendly. The prices are very reasonable considering the level of food quality is so high. I would definitely recommend Asiago's Skillet to whoever is interested in fantastic breakfast or brunch.
This place has the best breakfast I have tried in the area. I had the Crab Cake Benny with the loaded hash browns. It was sooooo good. The service was just as outstanding as the food. You must try this little gem on Okaloosa Island.
Very good! Great coffee- they leave a thermos on your table (-: quality ingredients. Friendly server Tammy is super efficient and helpful. Awesome menu and prices. You should check them out. Yummy Benedict!!!
Fabulous!  Not sure what the name of my dish was (short memory) but it had 2 biscuits, gravy, lots of meat and scrambled eggs.  It was recommended by our waiter. Josh had the Asiago Big Breakfast Bowl. He scraped his plate. Everything was hot and fresh. This isn't Waffle House so sit back and enjoy the coffee. The food is worth the wait.
I had high hopes and was super excited to go here and get the crab cake benny. It was just "ok". The hollandaise sauce was a lot thicker than it should have been but still good. The potatoes were a little overlooked and only half edible. The major reason for a poor review is the fact that there was a large egg shell on the top of my egg. I mean large-should have been seen. When I told the waitress her comment was something along the lines of, "Is that all shell? That's big!" That's all. The whole scenario was strange. My husband and I both thought it seemed a little over-rated.
To be honest, this place deserves 5 stars. But all the other reviews at this point are 5 stars, by reviewers with very few other reviews, which raised concern. Our family of four had breakfast, and each plate was excellent. I had the shrimp n grits skillet with asiago cheese. I'd never considered the combo before, but it was wonderful. Highly recommended.
Your basic greesy spoon with a slightly different menu. My omlet was more of a margarine omlet than a bay omlet. I wish I'd eaten the hotel free breakfast.
Fantastic food, friendly staff, awesome hours. I am so excited this place is open. It is freshly renovated and clean. The food is perfectly seasoned... Not just boring and bland like a lot of breakfast joints. I will DEFINITELY be a regular at this new spot and I am stoked they're open!!!
Amazing experience! Just opened July 2014, so still parts under renovations. Menu was amazing and varied, focusing on many items incorporating asiago cheese, no surprises here. We had the shrimp and grits and the breakfast burrito with potato cakes. All was amazing! The grits were appropriate cheesy, the burrito with still moist egg and chorizo inside and the potato cakes deep fried balls of goodness. Not to mention the generous selection of hot sauces! The owner told us about his plans for a Bloody Mary bar which sounded awesome! Would definitely recommend this place!
I had the crab cake Bennys..I gotta say, compliments to the chef! Love the nice waitress and the dining setting. Although it's in a small area unseen area. I would definitely come back!
One of the best meals I have had in a Long time. Crab cake benny - Must Try!
Best late night breakfast place in the area. Fast, clean and accommodating,  the place satisfies your after evening out needs.
The crab cake benny was super awesome! I'm a huge fan of breakfast and usually clean my plate, but had to get a to-go container this time. Even my mother, who's very particular about her breakfast, loved her meal (the breakfast croissant). For the record, when you can't finish both benny's, don't feel bad...the staff knows it's a whopper and are considering a smaller portion option!
This was just as good as all the reviews suggested! I got a veggie skillet with poached eggs ... Normally being a vegetarian makes savory breakfast kind of disappointing, but this skillet was A+! We had great service too ... I highly recommend!
The service could have been better. Took forever to have our order taken and was only checked on once after about 30 mins of waiting for our food when I stopped the waiter to find out where our food was. Fortunately the food was delicious when we finally got it.
Love this breakfast place. Don't waste your money or time on anywhere else. Great prices, food and service.
Hands down best breakfast in the Destin/Ft. Walton Area.  Hours and location made me think it would be more greasy spoon Waffle House stuff, but it's as gourmet as it gets for 4 AM ... comparable to Another Broken Egg.  I've been a few times now and haven't tried anything that wasn't great. Service was excellent as well.
What a fantastic place for brunch! The staff was incredibly friendly and seated us immediately. The inside is modern,  clean, and very well decorated. As for the food...it was fanstatic. I had a steak skillet which was tender and juicy and paired with over easy eggs for the perfect finishing touch. My girlfriend had the pancakes and was just as pleased. I highly recommend Asiago's to anyone looking for a great breakfast place. They're right next to Helenback on the island so you shouldn't have any trouble finding the place!
Open from midnight till noon (great concept), they have delicious and unique options like a crab cake and eggs benedict combo (full crab too, not the bready, cheap variety), as well as french toast with bananas foster.  Took me a while to figure out what to eat cause it was a great selection. The food is pretty good, well seasoned, cooked to perfection.  A tiny bit pricier than I was expecting but not too bad.  They have two outdoor gardens to look at while eating which was really nice.
So while visiting Destin this was perhaps the best meal my family and I had during our vacation. I had the crab cake Benny with the shipwrecked potatoes. May I just say that this meal was nothing short of amazing. My cousin had the seafood omelette and raved about how amazing it was. My mother had the veggie skillet and is now completely obsessed with it, describing her meal as perfection. This paired well with the strong coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice we had as well. The service was just as wonderful as the food. Our server Tammy was so sweet and made us feel very welcomed. The owner/manager took a few moments to check on us as well as ask about our experience. Only criticism would be the that the honey biscuit  my cousin had with her omelette was hard and not very enjoyable. Overall a very lovely experience. Will definitely return during our next trip to Destin!
Stopped in because of all the rave reviews. The crab cake eggs Benedict was good, but tasted a little watery. Overall, there are better places to have breakfast in the area.
Asiago Skillet has only been open for 5 days and it was fabulous. The kitchen staff know what they are doing. The service was great and you can get "regular" breakfast items here, but I suggest the Crab Cake Benny. It was one of the best breakfast dishes I have ever had. They make a homemade potato cake using red skin potatoes and cover it with Japanese bead crumbs, top it with generous portions of crab and a poached egg and hollandaise. The crispiness of the potato cake makes this dish. If you like eggs benedict you won't be disappointed with Crab Cakes Benny. My wife had shrimp and grits and raved about it. I am so glad we slept in late and missed the hotel breakfast!
Wow, this place was great. The girlfriend and I showed up around 10am on a Sunday.  I got the chorizo breakfast burrito and my girlfriend got the southwest skillet and a standard biscuit on the side. The burrito was more of a slightly pressed wrap, which really worked for it.  It came with a side of home-style potatoes, which I got "shipwrecked".  That means it came with bacon, onions, and gravy.   As a side note that I thought was really cool, there is a section to the left of the counter with roughly 15 different hot sauces with varying intensity.  They even had ghost pepper and trinidad scorpion sauces.  I settled on the Double Bastard habanero sauce (not as hot as it sounds) which complimented the rest of my food perfectly. Total between us was about 25 bucks, well worth it.  We're looking forward to coming back.
Had the king of the biscuits. Can't say how good it was but wow. It was a big. The place was super clean, food come out quick with top notch service. I would recommend it to everyone.
We stopped by on Sunday of Labor Day. They were very busy. Good sign! We were excited to see a breakfast place on the island. We waited in line at the front of the restaurant... It was so hot, we felt like we we could faint ... They really need a fan or A/C unit in that area. Service was good. The kitchen must have been backed up because it took a long time to get our food.  Son had the banana's foster French toast..... Problem was they served it without the bananas... It appears they ran out and neglected to tell our server or us.... So it was French toast with carmel sauce.... Good but not great. My wife had regular French toast....good but not great.. Sausage side... same thing good but not great. I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo... Very greasy.... Just ok... All and all it was a good breakfast not great.... It is much better than a Waffle House.... But not 5 stars like some have rated this restaurant... I suspect the owner  and staff rated the 5 stars...
Super yummy steak skillet, egg sandwich and potato cakes!!  A little off the beaten path but worth the find. A must go!
Found this little gem through Yelp while visiting Ocaloosa Island with the family.  It was SO GOOD!  Now mind you, I am a bit picky - especially when it comes to breakfast.  I have been known to say "my eggs are too eggy".  However, that was NOT the case here at all.  I had an omelette that may have been the best omelette I have ever eaten.  Seriously.  I don't know how they get an omelette that fluffy.  I was also feeling brave and ordered grits as my side which I don't usually do.  In my experience, restaurant grits are usually terrible.  These were SO good - perfectly seasoned and the right consistency.  Trust me, I know grits (I am from Tennessee after all).   The service was exceptional and very personable (thank you Tammy!).  You can't go wrong at Asiago Skillet.  Go now and get an omelette and grits!  You can thank me later.
Excellent spot for breakfast. I've been here the past two Sundays and everything my boyfriend and I have ordered has been great. Friendly staff, wide range of selection of breakfast food, and great prices. Both visits have been under $30 including tip. The "shipwrecked" potatoes are delicious! Can't wait to try more stuff here! Would highly recommend for a breakfast/brunch option if you're in the area.
This is the place you want to be, wonderful service and the food is spectacular. Everything is made from scratch and the product is fresh. Calm relaxing atmosphere, the staff are friendly and welcoming. Must come here just for the food will not do justice. The whole experience is a must. I would recommend the experience to anyone.
I've been to asiago skillet twice since its opened, but I'm already in love with it. My server matt is just awesome, and very attentive. I get the bagel boy bulls eye with bacon and potatoes, and it is delecious! The food is so amazing, as well as the service! Its also not expensive, the prices are very reasonable. The owner took the time to check on my fiancé and me both times we've gone in. I plan on going to eat there as often as I can. All locals and tourists need to try asiago skillet, they won't regret it!!
