A great place to gather with friends.  Best hamburger in town!  When you need someplace to slip away, Cheers is your place.
Good Burger
Update: sorry, this is just a hole, I don't care how cheap it is. Even left hand milk stout isn't supposed to be TOTALLY flat. These people have NO respect for the many kegs they tap (and why should they when so many of their tasteless customers pound one after another Mich Ultra).
Excellent little "locals" pub. Cold beer, good food and lots of sports on TV. A great variety of draft beers if you're into that. Try the oysters on Wednesday evening and enjoy the band Paradise.
Wow, 60 beers on tap! This is a great little place to sit around and hang out with friends in a relaxed environment. Friday nights are great to listen to some old classics with the band Paradise Bayou. Then after 10:00 comes the karaoke. I don't do it, but it's funny to watch other people do it! They also have some good food specials!
Shalimar Cheers Pub has to be in the strangest/funniest location I have ever seen for an establishment like this..It is located in a Office Complex, which makes it possible while visiting, to buy a house...go to driving school...talk to your lawyer...get some life insurance, and get some oxygen all while sipping on beer and eating chicken wings...truly a model other cities should be jumping on..this place is hidden in the back of the complex, so you really have to know it's there, because this Pub is getting zero drive-by traffic..when you walk in  you can tell this place is clearly kept in business by a crew of bar rats that don't look like they have left their stools since Cheers was still the Number 1 Show on TV..if your not a regular, when you walk in you kind of get that "how the hell did you find this place look"?...inside it's the standard sports bar set up with flat screens and sports teams stuff everywhere on the walls..standard sports bar menu with all the Sysco Appetizers..burgers..sandwiches..pizza..wings..­etc..the wings are actually pretty good and they have 45 cent wing night on Mondays which makes it a good place to come up and watch Monday Night Football...the crazy part about this place is they have like 25+ Craft beer options which makes zero sense because 99 percent of the clientele here drinks PBR..Bud Light..Coors Light..and Lite..so that leads to exactly what you would expect..alot of flat craft beers and skunky lines...last time I was there I ordered a Stone IPA that clearly was not a Stone IPA and whatever it actually was had gone bad...I informed the older bartender of this and she said "can I try it"?...I said "sure"...she took a sip and said immediately "that's Stone IPA" with a straight face and no grimace...having had  numerous Stone IPA's over the years I said "no it's not"...she then took another sip and said "yes it is" without grimacing again..I did not pursue it anymore, because I actually respected her being able to drink two sips of the crappy beer without spitting it back up and selling the lie to me so convincingly..I made a note to myself to never get a beer from her again, but if I ever decide to open a Used Car Lot I damn know who I'm hiring as my Head Saleswoman...all in all a decent place to get wings and watch the game but I would think it best to avoid the craft beers and drink what the regulars do
Hole-in-the-wall pub a couple of miles south of Eglin Air Force Base. Wine and beer only. Military men, Shalimar lawyers and locals. Polite staff. Not the most exceptional ambiance, but pretty alright for a drink after work.
This is a straight up sports pub. We went last year for several Alabama games. They have tons of tv's with every game imaginable on at least one tv. They hosted the UA alumni association on gamedays for '09. They would set up an outdoor tent with the game on a projection screen. The food isn't bad either. Pretty good pizza and sandwiches. If I can't get the game at home, I'm headed to Shalimar Cheers. Buffalo Wild Wings? No sir.
