I dont know what the deal is at this location but it is always good. Great staff. Order is hot and right. They get you in and out at lunch so you can go during your lunch hour. Love to play trivia so this is also a great spot for Buzztime. Happy Winging.
Typical Buffalo Wild Wings, but DEAD for Monday night football.  I think there were 4 of us in there - so bizarre.  Bruno the bartender was nice though.
Wonderful service from Cherie !! Perfect!! Got the buffalitos and a few beers with the chili queso dip, she brought everything on time and remembered everything!! Food was great. Great experience. We will be back
Great dinner tonight! We usually visit this location weekly. Some visits have been bad, some okay and others great! Tonight the waitress suggested that we sample the new temporary sauces. We sampled the new margarita  sauce and salted caramel bbq. Both were great! We decided to pass on the sample of the ghost pepper. We decided on the salted caramel bbq and parm garlic since we got boneless. Margarita will be great on traditional wings! Will get next week! Another tip, ask if they do military discounts!
My husband went to pick up a to go order yesterday which consisted of boneless wings, French fries and mozzarella sticks. We live about 10 minutes from the restaurant so when my husband left, it should have taken him about 25 minutes to get there, grab the food and come back. It took almost an hour! They cooked a small amount of boneless wings but we ordered a medium, so they had to remake them. However, my complaint is that they didn't remake the whole order! They left the fries and mozzarella sticks in styrofoam containers the whole time and by the time the boneless wings were done, we had soggy, cold fries and rubbery mozzarella sticks. It was such a waste of money and I'm highly disappointed. If you're going to redo part of a to go order, you need to redo the whole thing.
Waitress was really nice and polite even though I was unattentive and just in a bad mood, not that I was rude just felt I came off mean but she was still polite, thank you
Not impressed.  Seems like every year this place goes down hill.  Traditional wings were good.  Can't really say anything else good about this location.
I'm not crazy about their wings, so I decided to get their fish tacos,  which comes with chips and salsa. The 2 tacos are huge and comes with your choice of sauce. I got the sweet bbq sauce, and it was AWESOME! I know what I'm getting the next time I go BWW.
Oh man, I wish they had these places closer to me in California. I had no recollection of their existence, and in comparison to wing stop and smoke eaters in the SBay. I'm SOO depressed actually. I had the caribbean jerk sauce and the mango habenero sauce. If I had one of these closer to me, I would definitely be down to try all the flavors. I was really happy with the spice on both of these, and they had so much flavor. It was nice to try something out of the ordinary on my wings. I definitely wasn't disappointed trying something new. I went on superbowl sunday and the place kept getting busier and busier. It was pretty casual atmosphere and the servers were all pretty cool. The wings here also seemed a lot less expensive than Wingstop & Smoke Eaters so that was another plus.
This place is probably one of the best places to go out and watch "the game" or any UFC fight for sure. I always prefer boneless wings to bone in wings and here they are the same price so that's a plus for me. Definitely try their Asian zing, has a good spice..you won't regret it! One little down side, on game days if you do want to stay the whole game, the servers do get a little noticeably flustered as we are occupying their table for hours. It makes sense though. Other than that, the place is awesome, food is good and beer is cold....what else do you need?
Its a Bdubs! Good wings and 50 TVs for Sunday football.
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!!! They have EVERY game on the tv's there! And if your game isnt on the big screen, you can request they change the channel and usually they do. Great atmosphere, great food, and great prices. The sauces are amazing too! Asian Zing is the bomby!!! haha Try the blazing hot challenge!!
I've been to this BWW twice and both times the service was below par.  Servers are busy talking and flirting with each other.  I had to chase down the server 2 different times for drink refills and a third time for the check. First time, I finished off ten of the Blazin wings and they were hot. Second time the Caribbean Jerk wings and tasted like brown sugar.  Normally I don't waste food and eat it regardless of taste but after 3 wings I couldn't eat anymore.  They  were way too sweet.
Tonight we went in to watch in NBA Playoffs game. After finding out two of the beers that I wanted to order out of stock we settled on one and got some wings. A third beer i ordered was out of stock so we stopped drinking. With three minutes left in the game our server came over and asked us if we needed anything else and informed us they were closed, implying we needed to leave and laughed. Feeling upset and incredibly unwelcome we left, missing the end of the game. So much for a sports bar. Would never return.
All you can eat wings (boneless and/or bone in) but prepare your anus, it won't be too happy with you.
The wings are awesome! Great selection of beers on tap, they have at least two or three TVA to look at no matter where you sit. This is the place to be for football!
I LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings in general.  I would probably give BWW a 4.5 overall, but this is not my favorite location.  I have been to several BWW in Illinois and service was better up north.  It's a great place to grab a beer and some wings during a game.  They also show many games that you wouldn't be able to get at home without an epic cable sports package.  Their sauces are great.  I have tried almost everyone except for the 2 hottest (Wild and Blazin').  My favorite sauces are spicy garlic, medium, and mango habanero.  I can take or leave the new dry rubs.  They have beer specials all the time and different wing specials throughout the week.  Tuesday is 40 cent traditional wings, Wednesday is all you can eat for $12.95 (?), and Thursday is 50 cent boneless wings.  I think those are the specials...
Rated mostly for the food because the servers at this location are hit or miss. The guy we had tonight was way to helicoptering and just wouldn't leave us alone so we could eat. It was uncomfortable and frustrating that he kept trying to play with our kids while we tried to get them to eat. Everything else was great. Love these wings!
Same old thing. Food is the same at all locations and the service is hectic because they're usually busy. Ok place for what it is.
Food was descent but poor service. It seemed we were an inconvenience to our server. Granted, it was an UFC night but he not only played deaf when I asked for my food ( I have Spanish accent) but seemed annoyed the whole night.  How many ways a person can mess saying 'Bud Light'? Exactly, dude is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
Great place to watch the game. Bring your own food.
This is my choice for wings in this area.  I don't understand all the hype behind "the place across the street", but I guess you just like what you like.  The mango habenero and Caribbean Jerk are my favorite wings here.
Started going to this chain in the early 90's in Ohio back before they started trying to be in every corner of the country...back then it was called Buffalo Wild Wings and Weck....they dropped the Weck after a while cause once you get out of upstate New York nobody has a clue what Weck is....than they called it BW3 for a while....the employees have always called it B-Dubs...in fact while   I am typing this I am not even sure what it's called now...even though the name changes more often than Keith Olbermann gets fired; one thing has stayed constant here over the years..the incredible averageness of the food....you know exactly what you are getting when you come here..every sporting event known to man will be on a TV...the place will be 95 percent dudes. ...everything they serve is straight off a Sysco Truck and then dropped into a fryer or put on a grill...zero from scratch cooking is done here...they will have every beer offered by BMC in their 20 taps but the thought of putting on a interesting Craft Beer from Stone..Founders..Green Flash..Ballast Point..etc has never occured to anyone from corporate.etc..etc..but if ya keep those thoughts in your head when ya come here you will have an ok experience..visit yesterday was a perfect example...watched my Noles beat BC on several of their 300 or so.TV's..had the best beer they had on Tap(Fat Tire) and had some boneless wings in their spicy garlic sauce..everything was just as I expected.. OK...and isn't that what 3 stars on Yelp is all about?...Alex was pretty quick at the bar on water and beer refills so wanted to give him a little shout out...I think alot of the negative reviews of this place online are from folks with unrealistic expectations...this is BW3 not Ruth Chris...if you need a place to watch a game in FWB you could do far worse than this joint..cough..across the street..cough..across the street
Got here around 4 pm so no crowd.   One waitress was handling all five customers and was keeping up good with it all.   She even checked them out without much wait.  Came to build my own burger and it was good.   Love being able to pick any of their sauces to add for flavoring.   The waitress then mentioned cheesecake bites with chocolate dipping sauce.   Had to try it.   WOW!   Those bites just literally melted in my mouth.   It was so good.   The waitress never let my drink get below half way without bringing me a new one that was full.   Enjoyed dining here.
I am definately a fan of these guys!!  Love the wings and the cherry coke.  The price is a little high for the amount of food you get.   Also, the last 2 times we ate there they messed up our orders.  But, none of us are perfect, so I'm gonna keep eating there anyway.  Try the new rubs for the wings too.  It's really tasty.
It's Buffalo Wild Wings, you know what you get when you get there.  Nothing fancy, but better than the place across the street.
It's bdubbs... Service was faster than your typical bdubbs, so that was a bonus! Food was hot and server was very friendly.  Great place to watch the games!
Always enjoy their food, selection of beers, and friendly staff.
There are no world class chefs in the kitchen and the the prices are a bit steep for the quality of food. HOWEVER...They have some pretty good beer specials and it's usually fairly active if you wanna play trivia or watch some sports. Oh, and this BW3 was recently remodeled to give it a more contemporary feel. Nice Job!
Delicious wings no matter what flavor you get! Been quite a few times, but I especially like 25¢ draft beer on Fridays... always a good time
The BEST lunch around! Make sure you ask for Amber! Kid friendly for lunch..not so much after dark, in my opinion. GREAT place to watch games & fights!
Go across the street to Buffalo's Reef. The boneless wings were dry & the sauce was extra. Sure it has a lot of choices, but what good is that if the wings are subpar. It has a lot of TVs, but I went there for the wings  BWW, I'll see you in Hell.
I have eaten at a lot of Buffalo Wild Wings but the wings at this location are very very small. One of my wings was barely an inch long. They were all so tiny I could not believe it. I left the place still hungry.
i love their wings. I mostly order to go since I'm not  to big on loud sport bar atmosphere and noises, but when my husband and I do dine in, the service we received was amazing. Our server was attentive despite being so busy. He also introduced me to Mango Habenero which I'm hooked on ever since. My husband love the Asian Zing so that became our only wings to order here. But for those who don't have a high tolerance with spicy food, you might think twice about ordering them because they're super spicy.
