I never knew this place existed. My BIL found this place while going fishing early one morning trying to find a fishing spot. He and my sister lured the rest of the family to come and check this place out. Good thing we did! Parking sucks big time but we parked very far away in the Coyote Ugly parking lot. It's a very touristy place but I love it! I bought souvenirs Plus it was right by the water which we had a really good view and next to the bridge right before it cross over to Fort Morgan from Destin. We also saw people zip lining on top of Margaritaville, which is own by Jimmy Buffet. I would definitely come back. We all had fun just people watching and enjoying the scenery.
Every vacation town needs a tourist trap location. If you own a minivan, have kids, wear a fannypack, push a stroller, and wear a camera as a necklace, this place is for you. There is a good purpose for places like this. You can only entertain the kids so long at the beach. They can't drink. They don't socialize over a glass a wine. They don't care for cuisine and sitting for hours in a restaurant. You know it's a tourist trap, but where else would you go to kill a few hours. All in all, there's overpriced souvenirs, face-painting, live music, "family-friendly" restaurants with sugary cocktails and mediocre food. But it's by the water, it's got some good views, and it does it's part in this vacation town And hey, last I heard, Fisherman's Wharf in SF charges $20/hr for parking. It's free here so that's a win in itself.
Very touristy place to be. I use to be a local and have since moved away but still summer here and in 3 years I have seen this place explode from being restaurants and a few shops to the insanity it is today. Now it has full on zip lines and plenty of annoying jumpy things for the kids to harass you to do.   This place is best for families with lots of kids, because there is tons of stuff to keep them occupied and also they have Margaritaville Margaritas to go to keep the parents sane. 1 big tourist trap and tons of chain restaurants, but you might be looking for that kind of thing.
Although some mentioned this was the pier of Destin, don't go expecting a pier in the traditional sense. However, do go expecting a good time. There are a variety of bars and restaurants which all have great deals if you go in the middle of the day. There are some shops which had lots of souvenirs although some of the same stuff can be found at any of the places along the strip. Two of the best places were AJ's and the place with the lighthouse on top.
Yes, touristy. And as a local I try to avoid unless family is in town. However last Sunday decided to go to Margaritaville. Couldn't help it. Last full weekend of summer and just had to go. A shout out to Carlos who didn't just give directions, he walked us there. Very nice young man Harbor Walk Village. Treat him well. He refused food, water, and a tip. Thanks Carlos!
If youre in town you need to stop by for at least one night!  Very touristy but most people are.
This area is one big giant hand job to get you to spend money.  After watching the infomercial on the tele late at night, I thought it would be a good idea to check it out.  They have a zip line and some bungee stuff.  Its like a little carnival for the kids on the western section.  There are a couple of restaurants--one being Jimmy Buffets.  No thanks.  There are a couple of stores for shopping. Nothing blew me away.  It is on the beach so the views are great but I was disappointed to say the least.
Since my group and I were here late at night (around 11 PM), the experience is not the same as if it were in the day time. There was still a good number of people walking around and eating at the nearby restaurants and bars, but it was pretty desolate. There was a good mixture of shops, restaurants, bars, and activities to entertain oneself. I think this would be a good place for pictures as this is right by the water. Perhaps I will visit this place again (in the daytime) if I get a 3rd chance of visiting Destin. Parking was a pain, and so my group just found parking in the nearby parking lots. Be careful so that your car isn't towed.
Yes, its a tourist spot but there's nothing wrong with that.  This is where there's a bunch of tour boats, restaurants, close to crab island, free parking, etc.
We stumbled on this quite by accident and decided to stop. This is a neat place in Destin that you can do all kinds of activities from zip lining to a pirate ship cruise with shops and restaurants galore. FREE parking is available and the place is great for kids and adults. Big eateries are Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville, AJ's Oyster Bar and a couple others including a Mexican cantina on the water. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for that "boardwalk" kinda experience. It's right right on US98 at bridge crossing the Choctawhatchee Bay entrance from the Gulf.
Lots to see and do here..  souvenir shops, restaurants and a daquiri shop that leaves much to be desired. My mudslide tasted like a lame attempt full of cheap alcohol.  Not worth the $9.00 they charge for sure.
Definitely a must see if you're visiting Destin, try to go on a weekday to avoid overcrowded parking and tons of tourists, I live here so I only go during a morning or afternoon during the week.
Too commercialized :( but it is what it is....a typical boardwalk with chain restaurants and pricey shops. Looked like some cute stuff but my man wouldn't let me shop ;) We did enjoy watching the dolphins!
This place is great. Things to do. Entertainment at night. Drinks, boat rides and food. Spent half of our time here. Must visit her. Only thing bad was parking because it was so packed.
Really neat place w/ lots of stuff to do.   Everything from restaurants & shops, to plenty of things for the kids to do as well! Overall good, family destination.
This is just a beautiful area, part of Peter Bos' lovely Emerald Grande development.  Lots of cute little shops, several good restaurants, and -- as the name implies -- one of the most extraordinary walks in, well, absolutely anywhere.  The whole thing is right down at the point, where the East Pass connects the Gulf of Mexico to Choctowhatchie Bay and, separately, Destin Harbor.  You stroll from there down the Harbor, again past all the commercial development and great places to sit or listen to concerts or whatever you want to do, and continue along past all the fishing boats and yachts...it's just wonderful. This is one of the better reasons to come to Destin.  Don't miss it.
Within the confines of this gaudy monstrosity is a flailing hodgepodge of stores and restaurants, most of which are typically experiencing their death rattle by the time you know they're there.  The only anchor businesses that seem to do a lasting business are one of the larger seafood houses in Destin with a great open-air covered bar and a frozen cocktail bar that uses copious amounts of alcohol, gelatin and FD&C Red #5 in an attempt to have the tourists think they're walking the bricks of Bourbon Street rather than a waterfront shopping complex. It's a nice place, a clean place.  It somehow continues to draw crowds of people with disposable income, but beyond tourism there's little to no use for you to go there.
This is a good spot if you are going to do watersports or something but just to chill - I would pass. Very nice area, has a few restaurants - I like the fact that I can get a drink at the Jester's spot and walk around with it. DIdn't care for the shops there and really was not a place to like sit and hang out. But I did do the Glass Bottom Tour which was awesome for 2 hours....
Cute area and/or tourist trap. Your standard touristy shops fill the area, along with over-priced restaurants and frozen drink stands. However, despite my gripes, it is a cute area with plenty of things to entertain the family.
Great area to walk around and check out different little shops/boutiques.  There is also lots of restaurant options with live music and bars.  Waterfront seating available at most restaurants too.  Every saturday they have a free concert!!! lots of fun for both couples and families.  Just an overall great time!!! :)
Stop by Popcorn Jungle!!! Awesome customer service & you can try any of the flavored popcorn before you buy. All kinds of yummy popcorn combinations. They also have taffy & flavored sodas. Be sure to try "jungle chow" popcorn. DELICIOUS!!
