This pier right here was my relaxing place for a couple of days every couple of months in a year. I love going fishing here at this Pier. The pier is long and the lighting is great. And the restroom at the end of the pier is very convenient. I believe to fish here the price is $7.50 for fishing and $2 to walk the pier and to watch. For the price of $7.50 you get to fish for 24 hours on the pier and no license required. Not too shabby. I have caught lots of yellow tails, spanish mackerel and king mackerel and also some bait fish on this pier. And when its around may, I believe this is the best place to be fishing at!
So cool we saw dolphins and lots of fish. Very neat place a must go for a walk experience.
Ohhhh my gosh!!! Please see the sunset here... definitely the best time to go! Simply beautiful
2 dollars well spent on a walk on the pier, saw some dolphins and sea turtles and a lot of people catching fish.
This place is so AWESOME because:    1) Open 24/7 from May-Nov. After 9PM, it counts as the next day so you can fish     until the following day at midnight.    2) $7.50/person for 24hrs of fishing. $2/person if you're not fishing. You can access anytime and multiple times within that time frame.    3) Floyd's restaurant/bar/club is next door, so free music to entertain us at night.    4) Cheap and affordable prices on pretty much everything, for ex. $2 baits.    5) Super friendly staff. Since we were a bunch of fishing noobs, they were very   helpful.    6) The pier stretches over 1200 ft.    7) Beautiful view. We saw dolphins and jellyfishes.    8) A lot of varieties. One guy almost caught a white shark that was 9ft long. Another guy caught a stingray. We caught a some catfish and nothing else, cux we suck at fishing. There were also blue crabs here, but we were not successful at catching any of them =(.    9) You can swim on both sides of the pier.    10) A lot of restaurants (mainly seafood, duh!!) around for your hungry tummy.   So glad we found this place. It made our Destin trip way more fun.
The Okaloosa Island Pier is a very cool place to do a little pier fishing or to look out on the ocean and beach. For $7.50 one can fish off the pier (no fishing license needed) and $2.00 will allow you to walk out on the pier; both prices give you a full day's access that allows you to come and go as you like during the day. While we were there we fished all day with no luck, but we came close to catching a crab and even a jellyfish. Some of the sea creatures we saw included the crabs and jellyfish above, but also saw a sea turtle, a couple of sharks, and a school of dolphins.
Really, really cool place.  It is a 1/4 mile pier, with a ton of great fishing.  It costs $7.50 to go onto the pier to fish, $2.00 if you are not fishing.  We saw a pod of dolphins playing around, a ton of herons stealing fishermen's fish, and one humongous sea turtle.  My wife and I are really into wildlife, so that made it worth it, alone.  The guys that work the desk are pretty informative considering we are no where near expert anglers.  This pier was the highlight of our Destin trip.
I fished here with the family for 5 hours and saw 1 person catch a fish.  For $7 to fish and $2 just to watch, I had better hopes.  I will find a charter next time I am in the Destin area.
