I came to the store looking to buy adhesive for a craft project I was working on that just didn't seem to stick.  I had already tried 2 other products that I purchased from Jo-Anne's Fabrics but it wasn't working. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door and the staff were very helpful.  We discussed the project, the materials I was using, and they even educated me on why the adhesive I had previously purchased didn't work for my purposes. They also directed me to a very easy and inexpensive solution (spray adhesive) that was a better fit for my needs and my experience (and patience) level. lol
Great art supply store with helpful staff.  Prices are great. ... lots of sales.  Bought 16x16 canvases for about $10 each. Also does framing.  Can order online too
I've been shopping here for years and am always happy with the service and selections. The staff is great! Not only are they knowledgeable, but they are all very friendly. Every time you walk in, someone greets you & is ready to help. They have helped us before with numerous community art events and seem to really care about their neighborhood. It's inspiring. Yes, you might save some money by going to the burbs to get stuff from a national chain, but if you did a comparison, after gas, it's really all the same. Not to mention how important it is to support smaller, local businesses! I love having a shop like this right here in the city. Don't forget to sign up for the their mailing list and get great sale tips and coupons.
If you need any sort of art or creative supply, Hyatts is the place.  Somehow I missed Hyatts when I was growing up.  It was not a place I came to often, if ever.  I have "discovered" it in the past 2 years and have been there for so many different things now, and again earlier today.   The one on Main Street, downtown Buffalo is huge.  It has pens, painting materials, kids things, fabulous puzzles, "make your own card" stock and so much more.  They have a nice collection of high end pens as well as all the different kids of drawing ones, large and small tip, whatever you may need. The people who work here are also super nice and helpful.  They have ideas and can offer good suggestions.  Or, if you just want to browse, you can do that as well.
Jon was engaging and generous. He encouraged us to test different options for art supplies and made us feel welcome. Wish we lived in the area, but we'll support it when we visit Buffalo. Thanks Jon!
I had a terrible experience with this very unprofessional store. I ordered $176 worth of paint which I never received. Hyatt's not only refused to re-fill the order but put me through the run-around. For the last few weeks I have been emailing and calling them to ask for the status but they kept making excuses with me-"investigating the situation"  They decided "we are both victims"- since USPS left it in my entryway. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS STORE because if your package is lost somehow, you will pay the price!
