This was my second visit to the mansion and I wasn't disappointed at all. One of the most initially appealing things about MTA is that they can get you in fast! My husband and I just finished a long distance car tour and were in need of some serious work to the backs. I called in the evening and got an appointment for both of us (at the same time, but not a couples massage) the next morning- hallelujah! I saw Ann who was fabulous. She asked me where to focus on and went to work. I liked that she didn't take offense that I didn't talk much. She had good strength in her hands but was able to vary the pressure when I asked her to. My husband's masseuse was just eh so I won't mention her name. He said she was adequate but he asked her to focus on his lower back and she spent the most time on his shoulders. Said she seemed to be "going through the motions" so to speak. His last therapist was Margaret and he'll request her next time. The ambiance is beautiful- make sure to spend a little time exploring the place if you're interested. It's a very pretty space. Oh- an important note on parking, the Lennox Hotel is next door and easiest place to grab a spot. Be sure to get a parking pass from MTA when you check in. Don't bother with food from the Lennox though- the best thing about that place is the parking. Head to Betty's instead!
First visit, and I was very pleased. First off their "converted house" that the use is very beautiful and welcoming. Everyone I spoke with was professional and courteous. Rates are very reasonable, and the massage was fantastic. I even made another follow up appointment. Only thing I was not fond of is you have to prepay for an upcoming appointment that may be weeks away. All in all I was very happy.
Massage therapeutic arts is awesome!  I began going here at the suggestion of a colleague who told me that with so many massage therapists being part of the group, it was easy to get an appointment on short notice.  It's true!  The place is in a beautifully restored Victorian house, and it's quite comfortable, but often the waiting room is busy.  I've seen several of the massage therapists, and I've had great experiences with them all.  Jackie, however, is my favorite, especially for deep tissue.  She asks about problem areas, focuses just the right amount on those, and has suggested helpful stretches.  Overall, great experiences at Massage Therapeutic Arts!
I really wasn't too ecstatic after having a massage done here. Price wise, it's relatively reasonable: you're looking at $50 for a 50-minute massage. They offer all sorts of services such as couples and hot rock massages. They're also likely to be able to get you in the same day if you call early enough, which is ultimately one of the reasons I ended up going with them. Despite the promises of (fast) stress relief at reasonable prices, the reality is just A-OK. The reception feels more like a doctor's waiting room. Although there's tea and some sweets in the kitchen, the feel of the room and the space is impersonal (although the rooms are beautiful)! The experience kept getting more impersonal the more time I spent here. The receptionist was busy typing stuff and multi-tasking while she curtly asked me to make payment and fill out a few basic forms as a first-timer there. She wasn't mean or unpleasant, just busy. I also found it a bit strange to have to make payment before the massage, especially awkward in regards to tipping since they have signs up telling you to add your tip on your card as you make payment. How exactly am I supposed to know what to tip before the massage? I opted to just tip in cash after the massage. The massage itself was A-OK. A bit impersonal with no real communication between the masseuse and myself. She didn't ask me if I wanted a deep tissue massage nor did she ask for any feedback along the way. She didn't even really tell me what to expect. She introduced herself -- asked me if I had any special issues to note, then told me to get undressed and climb underneath the sheet. She then entered the room and began the massage. I don't expect her to talk to me while I get the massage, but I do expect her to set my expectations accordingly and communicate with me to let me know what she's planning on doing beforehand or at the very least ask me if I prefer a deeper or lighter massage. What she ended up doing was first massaging the feet, then back, then arms and then neck. I would preferred she told me what her plan would be beforehand and then ask me if that sounded good and let me know that it's OK to ask her to focus on different parts of the body if need be. That wasn't done and I didn't feel an open line of communication between her and I, which made my experience quite generic. Half way through I told her "to not be afraid to go a bit deeper and press a bit more," which she did. However, even given my preference for more communication, the massage itself was just A-OK. The good was the neck work. My neck definitely felt better afterward, but I would have preferred more time was spent on my back (as opposed to arms or feet). Compared to other massages that I've had where afterward I was literally singing praises and feeling like a million bucks, this one was just OK. I don't think I'll be coming back here. *** Since writing this review, I have been contacted by the facility where they let me know they updated some of their training protocols.
I visited this place for the first time in late summer '10 and just went again today - both times with Lori. The first time I went in I had a severely tweaked lower back and couldn't even stand up straight. I was really worried and was about 3 days into a painful situation and wondering what the future would be like. I managed to get in to see Lori same day, and walked out a new man. As a bonus, the sciatica that was plaguing me for months prior seems to have disappeared. I'm planning on going in twice a month in an effort to avoid future issues with my back.
This is a true massage place.  Very professional.   Parking is either street, or get a special pass from them for the lot nearby. This place is always busy.  I'm guessing because they are reasonably priced, and they take insurance.  That combo is sure to keep you busy.   The rooms are all different, this place is in an old Victorian house that's been made into a business.  Some rooms are bigger than others.  Some have bathrooms attached (maybe all, I'm not sure).  Its an elegant old house and has been well renovated, but you can hear the creaking wood floors sometimes, and the heater can hiss a little on occasion.   I have yet to have a bad massage here, and I know some others who have standing appointments and have never had a bad experience either. There is a lot of "scent" in the air here, that would be the only thing I would change, but I know alot of people like incense too.   They take MC, V and A, cash, checks. Review 100
I never have had a massage before, which is really the only reason I'm hesitant to give this place five stars, since I really have nothing to compare it to. The massage therapist I had was Lori, and I got a one hour pregnancy massage for only $50! Which is a really great rate, considering how expensive massages can get. She was really friendly and made me feel totally comfortable, and gave me an incredible massage. Even though she was gentle I could tell she was massaging me a lot deeper then most massages I have had, and I was really happy with it. She concentrated on my neck/shoulders and lower back as this was where I told her I was having problems... and all of them so far feel much better. I just had the massage today, and it's clear I still probably need to see a chiropractor for my neck (there's only so much a massage can do) but she helped hold me over for awhile until I can see my ob about a chiropractor and if it would be ok to go to one. I will definitely be back there, probably next month.
Only $50 per 50 minute session! Amazing! Accepts insurance, beautiful setting, best facial I ever had (by Kathy) and I use Patrick for my massages.
Great massages in your typical Allentown house. They generally have extra openings on Fridays and Saturdays so can usually accommodate your spur of the moment pampering sesh. All the therapists are wonderful, and the staff friendly. Parking is in the Lenox Hotel next door, but you must get a pass from MTA to place on your dash. Rate is $50/hr. Enjoy!!!
I've been there many times for a massage and it has been great every  time. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff is very nice. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a nice, relaxing massage.
I have been here multiple times and seen various therapists.  If you have chemical sensitivities, don't come here.  The air is "scented".  The receptionists speak in short sentences and whispers that say "I just want your money, so how are you going to pay, let's get you rebooked so we can get more of your money", not very likeable receiption.  Some of the rooms are chilly and clammy.  You may be asked to walk up to the the third floor after a hard day at work, opt for the elevator.  Quality of the massages is HIGHLY variable.  Out of about 8 visits I would classify 2 of the massages as good quality and I have recieved many massages in my life.  On the plus side they accept some insurances which is why I kept trying.  If you are a woman, I highly advise avoiding the male therapist like the plague.  I have had plenty of massages from male therapists, this is not one to go to.
I have been a client of Massage Therapeutic Arts for the past four years and have nothing but praise for all aspects of the business ranging from the professionalism of the staff, to individual care by the therapists, elegant decor, the creativity and vision of it's owner and the healing, serene ambience that I have come to appreciate so much.   My massage therapist, Debbie, is fantastic.  She has been helping me heal from the injuries of a car accident nearly a year ago and I must say, her work has been at the core of my recovery.   I can not thank Massage Therapeutic Arts enough for all they have done for me and highly recommend it for any type of service.   In addition, this spa has a uniquely Buffalo spirit.  Housed in a 19th century mansion in the heart of the city,  Kathy Regan, Massage Therapeutic Arts's owner and visionary, has preserved the integrity of this North Street architectural treasure enhancing it with European inspired furnishings, art from local artists and objects from around the world.  Just beyond the comfortable waiting room resides a jewel of a butler's pantry which has been lovingly restored.  I can always count on a hot cup of tea, light snacks and refreshing citrus water.   Traveling has been a life-long passion of mine and one of the first things I do when on the road is seek out a wonderful massage experience.  I have had lomi lomi on the Big Island of Hawaii, hot rocks and alpine-infused oils after long days of skiing, mineral baths in the thermal waters of central Italy, and outdoor treatments among jasmine-lined paths in the Caribbean.  Every spa is unique.  Some spas are special.  Massage Therapeutic Arts is one of those special places that offers it's patients a broad range of therapeutic treatments alongside luxurious, seasonal offerings on it's menu.  When in Buffalo book an hour or two at a five-star healing jewel in the heart of the Queen City.  You can find them at 716-885-1581 or on the web at massagetherapeuticarts.c….
I bought a couples massage for my husband and I as a treat to celebrate the successful defense of his PH.D. defense. The location was suburb. Beautiful mansion in the heart of Allentown. We walked through the doors and immediately loved the atmosphere. Vaulted ceilings, candles, comfortable seats. The recptionist wasn't overly warm, but it was somewhat busy. I don't need a welcome party either. We were invited to wander to the kitchen for water, hot tea, and cookies. The tea was a yummy spiced tea, the water was iced with lemons (but not pithy), the cookies were typical shortbread. Still, a nice gesture. The massage was $100 for an hour, plus gratituity. We did not wait long and were greeted by one of the masseuses who introduced herself and said she would meet us on the third floor. We took the elevator up and met our second floor. We rode in along side a basket of tired looking towels on the floor. The massages themselves were very nice. Conversation was easy and I think that the. Massage was nice overall. It would have been nice for mine to push a little deeper on my shoulders, but it was the first time in so perhaps next visit. Soft sheets, dim light, quiet music, room a bit too warm for my taste. The biggest bummer is that we were finished from start to finish in 45 minutes. Bummer to have to watch the clock like that! We rode back down in the elevator with the same mystery bag of towels-kinda gross for such an otherwise beautiful visit.
