The sunset dolphin cruise was a fantastic choice for our 16 family members of various ages. The captain and crew were friendly and knowledgeable. The cruise was the perfect combination of relaxation and thrill. Highly recommended for large groups.
Great experience! We went on the sunset dolphin cruise and I highly recommend it! We made reservations online and they called to confirm AND gave awesome instructions - and even text them to me, too! The boat crew was great and the boat was the perfect size - not too large. The free water, beer, and wine were nice, too! We saw lots of dolphins and sting rays - well worth the money and the time! We originally sought reservations through Sea Blaster but they were full - and it was a blessing! We saw that boat while out on the cruise and it had over 100 packed into it!! Definitely give Destin Snorkel Tours a shot!!
A wonderful experience! My boyfriend has never been diving so the snuba was ideal and made him so much more comfortable. He said it was the coolest thing he's ever done and has inspired him to get his scuba certification. LOVE YOU GUYS! Thanks again!!!
What I Did - dolphin and shelling tour Would I Do It Again? I would recommend the dolphin and shelling tour to only the following demographic: families with children who are looking to kill time at the beach and give their children a little thrill (i.e., some dirty shells and "free" soda) at a more-than-little expense. I thought the dolphin and shelling tour pretty boring, and my expectations were relatively low from the beginning.  The highlight of the trip was seeing the dolphins; kudos to the crew for finding a HUGE pack of dolphins and following them relatively successfully for about 15 minutes.  It was all downhill from there.   The shelling portion of the tour took 75% of the time and required all family members to walk in waist-deep water (for me at 6'2") 50 yards to the beach.  We then walked up and down a small strip of beach that was largely vacant of shells--probably because this tour is done daily--looking for beautiful shells.  They were few and far between.  I later found out that a boat dumps shells from the middle of the ocean to this strip of the beach each day to replenish the shells.  Even my little nieces and nephews didn't seem to think it was that great, and THAT is saying something. Luckily, we bought the tour with a Groupon, so no large damage done.  The dolphins were fun to see (even though we saw dolphins at the beach close to our house as well), but I don't think the dolphin part or shelling part are worth the time, expense, or energy.
We took this trip as a family of four. If your kids love store bought hermit crabs that have been placed on a beach, this is the trip for you. If you've never seen a dolphin fin before, this is the trip for you. If you've never put on a snorkel and mask and looked at a fish before, this is the trip for you. If you've never been on a boat before, this is the trip for you. Otherwise, save your money. Don't expect anything amazing on this trip. It starts out with a cruise out to the harbor where dolphins hang out. Every now and then they surface and you see their fins. We watched this spectacle for about 15 minutes and then moved on to the snorkeling. I know the tour guides can't control the dolphins and their actions, but I doubt it gets much more exciting than this day to day. They will not be jumping out of the water and doing flips, so don't set your expectations too high. The real reason we took this trip was for the snorkeling and the snorkeling was just ok. The visibility was low but that's no one's fault. Just don't expect a bustling reef full of marine life. There's a line of rocks along the beach that fish like to hang out and hide in. That's about it. This was my favorite part of the trip and it was pretty blah. Also, we could have driven to this beach and snorkeled for free. Lastly, we go to a beach to go "shelling." This is where I have a real problem with this company and their honesty. It is quite obvious that they plant, on purpose, shells and hermit crabs on this shelling beach and try to pass it off as natural. In doing research later and speaking with some friends who lived in the area, Destin is not known for shells. So it would be quite the coincidence that we just happened upon this beach with huge, beautiful shells, 75% of which had hermit crabs living inside. I took a walk down the beach far away from the tour and it got to the point where suddenly the shells and the hermit crabs just stopped being in abundance. And I'm not saying there were a few here and there --- there were none. No shells, nothing. I walked quite a ways further just to be sure, and nothing still. Now, don't get me wrong, our kids LOVED the shells and hermit crabs and it was probably one of their favorite parts of their trip to the Destin/Pensacola area. But if we were to tell them the shells and crabs were planted, they would be pretty sad and disappointed. So it upsets me greatly that I have to lie to my kids to preserve their happy memories because this company lied to me. The dishonesty with the shells makes me question all the amazing reviews here. It makes me wonder how many are genuine reviews, and how many are put here by employees and friends of the company. There's no way this tour got that many sparkling, positive reviews unless they all lived in a cardboard box their whole lives and this tour just happened to fall on their first day out of the box. I hope this review helps out others that get this tour all built up in their head. It was an OK time, but definitely not worth what they charge. I gave it two stars and that's ONLY because the staff was courteous and friendly.
"I'm on a BOAT!" Why go to a beach town with boats around everywhere and not set sail? Relaxing and site filled time on a two and a half hour dolphin cruise throughout the Destin Harbor.  Cruising along the Destin Harbor you learn the local favorites, and hot spots for restaurants, bars, what movies were filmed where, and of course celebrity houses including Garth Brooks' house. This was not the favorite part of the boat trip, it was going out farther into the beaches by the military bases and into the Gulf of Mexico.  It was an amazingly beautiful day with the sun glaring over the water, and allowing the colors of blue and green to be seen out of the water. The sugar white beaches next to these water colors really stood out amongst the coast. Need more good reasons to go on a Destin Dolphin Cruise? 1) Dolphin/Shark sightings 2) $15 for the boat tour you say? 3) Free, yes FREE beer and wine, sodas, water included in your price 4) Comedic boat mates to guide you along on your tour
Perfect!!! It doesn't get more beautiful than that! WOW! Perfect for kids too! :) They take you over with a fun boat ride to the other side of the island that only the boat tours go too. Not too busy in the morning time, we went at 9-11am. Stunning waters, we snorkeled and saw mainly clear fish and large schools of fish and down by the rocks we found blue and yellow fish. We heard a sea turtle was over by the rock but we didn't see it, but how fun for those that did see it! Cooper was awesome on our boat and was the photographer and got us set up with a good deal with an underwater camera that was great to have! And even told us about our great lunch place! Thanks Cooper! After we snorkeled we kayaked all over, now that was amazing! What a great day, memories for a lifetime and only 30.00!!! crazy! Thanks Destin Snorkel!
Most people review Destin Snorkel for the snorkeling or sunset dolphin-watching cruises.  And we've done that a few times, too.  But my wife and I decided to use their larger boat to take about 50 friends and family members out for a sunset cruise so we could renew our vows on our 20th anniversary.  And we couldn't have asked for a better experience.   Because this wasn't their typical "cruse" offering I had to make arrangements with the owner to bring my own music, decorations, and food into the boat.  They couldn't have been more accommodating. We set up a nice little spread of food in the middle of the boat, we brought on a few bottles of wine and cases of beer and opened the "bar" to everyone, and then set about touring the most beautiful areas around Destin's East Pass.  The crew were kind enough to keep watch for dolphin, and they engaged in a bit of radio chatter to find the best dolphin watching as reported by other boats, and they put is right in the middle of about six different groups of dolphin just as the sun was getting low on the horizon.   My wife looked at me and said "it couldn't be more perfect.  We stepped to the edge of the boat with the sun setting behind is and dolphins playing all aroud the boat. And we renewed our vows,  then we drank and danced the rest of the evening on the boat.  My wife couldn't have been happier, and every one of our guests were awestruck at the beauty of the sunset, and incredible way the dolphins just seemed to surround us, all at the exact moment we had our little ceremony.   I think people often assume that the schedule they see on these boat/cruise business doors is all they offer.  But if you've ever wished to do something special on the water around Destin, many of these boat operators are open-minded to the opportunity to schedule a special event for you.   Our vow renewal was an once-in-a-lifetime event that our friends and family have been talking about ever since. By the way, folks, please don't forget to tip the crews.   Many thanks.
It's a great family adventure. Boats aren't crowded. The staff was super friendly and knowledgeable about sea life. We saw plenty of dolphins right next to the boat, as well as sharks. Our 3 year old and 6 year old loved the shelling excursion. We even had a hermit crab race on the boat. Their is no question we will do this again. It was a fabulous memorable experience that will last a lifetime.
Thumbs up for these guys, we enjoyed ourselves for the dolphin tour, @$26, that wasn't bad for 2 hrs, not bad at all, complimentary drinks, the boat captain is very cool and goes out of his way to make sure your having fun, really nice guy, yeah we saw dolphins, and they were putting on a show, which was cool, they get off on people cheering them, we also came across tarpon fish...those suckers are bid, in the end of the tour, we kept us on the water long enough to see the sun set, which was really cool, thanks alot captain, we had a great time, i highly recommend Destin snorkel..
What a great time!  We went on the "Snuba Runner" boat, even though our party just did snorkeling.  The boat took us to a sand bar area called the "Snorkeling Hole," where we could snorkel, kayak (which we did, which was fun), and snorkel.   We got to see way more fish than I expected (a school of angel fish, sea urchins, cone jellyfish that don't sting, and lots of other cool fish that were aquarium-worthy).  The area was pretty crowded with other people on other snorkeling boats, but it didn't seem to bother the fish any! We contemplated doing the Snuba, which was $75pp instead of the $30pp snorkeling price.  While the Snuba looked cool, I'm glad we didn't spend the extra money.  I feel like we saw just as much sea life even though we didn't get to go down as far. After about an hour and a half of snorkeling, we were called back onto the boat to go on the dolphin tour portion of the trip.  Our captain used the radio to talk to other boats to find out where the dolphins were, and we saw quite a few.  Some even played in our wake! Overall, a pretty awesome day.  The crew was very personable, they had water and soda (for free!) on board, and our boat had a big canopy to keep us out of the hot sun.  I'd highly recommend this to anyone, and we'll be going back with the same company the next time we vacation here.
Great experience! Snoba is great for the kids and makes you want to try scuba... Or at least get an aquarium!
I've done the Dolphin and Shelling tour several times yearly as we travel to Destin as many for family vacations in the summer. I have to dispute everything that Ben M has said and I found his review to not be helpful at all and very misleading. To start its called a Dolphin and Shelling tour and to expect anything other than seeing dolphin and collecting shells is insane. I've found the tour awesome as an adult and even more awesome as an adult watch a child get excited about finding what will amount to burried treasure in the shells. The crew was awesome every trip, the dolphin were putting on a show every trip and my son and his best friend has always looked forward to that part of the trip. I mean if you've seen dolphin at your house and then you pay to see dolphin, who's fault is that? I'm actually headed back to Destin next week August 28th and we are doing the trip again. I wish there were ten stars, Destin Snorkel is AWESOME...
It was awesome, totally worth the time, especially if you're with kids. We were a group of 15 (8 kids, 7 adults), they took great care of us, made sure everyone was having a good time, the kids loved snorkeling and finding shells and hermit crabs (get ready for the hermit crab race!!), and watching dolphins was unbelievable. The look on my 5-year old's face was priceless when she was watching the dolphins. The 2 women that took us on the boat ride ROCKED!! Thank you!
Great experience for our family.  I suggest the two stop Kokomo snorkel cruise.  It leaves at 8:00 am so you beat some of the crowd.  At the first stop the water is not as clear or deep, but you don't get the crowds you see at the second stop, but the you can see a few crabs and shells snorkeling in a grassy area and near the bank.  2nd stop is snorkeling central so it will be crowded, but the clarity of the water makes up for,the crowds. A good first time snorkeling experience for all.
The best part of our Florida vacation! My family had been looking forward to Snuba the whole vacation. It was to be our grand finale and what a finale it was. My boys and I went Snuba for the very first time. Our dive instructors were the best. Challis and Mark made sure that each one of us got personalized time and attention. Challis helped me overcome my fears and I was able to dive just fine to 20 feet without issues with breathing or managing my buoyancy. My 11 year old son became a pro in just one morning after learning to snorkel, just a day before. Since my wife had forgotten her contacts, they let her ride the boat for a rider fee instead and get off in the beach area to play in the water, while we Snuba'd and snorkeled. We even got to use their free kayaks and got complimentary water and sodas. This is a must do on our next visit's list. The folks at Destin Snorkel really know how to take care of folks. Thank you guys!
