My friend and I were on a time crunch to get our nails done before being at a wedding. They got us right in and did a great job while keeping us on schedule. Everyone there was great!
One of the best nail spa been to in 2 years. Me and my wife came in and was treated great. They ask if we needed anything to drink as soon as we walked in. Love the place and this was our first time going to get our feet done together. They talked to us in PERFECT ENGLISH +++. I live 5 hours away and yes I will be coming back at least ones a mouth to get my feet done. One last thing, they got all of the died skin off my feet, YES I SAID ALL.
The best place to get waxed, make sure you get your appoiment with Linda she is very nice and quick which is perfect to get waxed.
Had the pomegranate pedicure. Was very relaxing and they did a great job. They offer you water, pop or wine.  Would definitely go back.
.I went here after reading the reviews from previous posts. I am happy to say I found my new regular nail salon! When I first arrived I was promptly greeted and asked if I would like a drink. Jessica was the technician who worked on my nails, and she was FABULOUS!!! She explained what she was doing as she went along (I was getting a type of manicure I had never received before) and asked me questions about how I wanted my nails to look. We were able to have a nice conversation while she worked. The end result was better than I could have imagined! I will definitely be going back.
I recently moved to the area and was looking for a new nail salon.  I did some research and read the reviews and decided to try a walk in.  Great pedicures and nail sets.  I plan on having my small wedding party here as well.  Simply amazing service!!
My sister and I were looking for a place to get a pedicure and happened to drive by Diva's. When we walked in we were immediately welcomed with a friendly greeting and asked if we'd like a beverage. We asked about the pedicures and picked out our nail colors. Our technicians were Panda and Denise. They were both so friendly and did a very good job. All of the employees were so friendly to every single person. The salon was very clean and welcoming. The pedicure chairs were very comfortable and new. I would recommend this salon to anyone looking for a clean, friendly, nice place.
I got a pedicure and my legs waxed at this place today. Staff was friendly and fun, made the whole experience very enjoyable. This was my first time going here. I was concerned and wanted to get my legs done before my pedicure for obvious reasons.. Jimmy had talked me out of it and I'm so glad he did. I took his friendly advice of waiting and he had stated, "We just want our clients to  be as comfortable as possible and some of the exfoliants used will really irritate your skin after you wax" Kevin took his time and gave me a great pedicure, I've found that sometimes when guys give me pedicures they are really rough when they message, He was very gentile and it did not bother me at all. This was also the first time I had gotten my legs waxed (I had gotten brazilians done; just not from this place) Denise made the experience as enjoyable as humanly possible when having your hair follicles  ripped from your skin. It was also very clean. The review before mine must have been from someone having a bad day, The place smelled fine and I felt staff was friendly, professional, and fun. Not to mention they have wine ...
I've been coming here since I moved to Fort Walton in August. There has been some change in ownership with some rough patches but they have ultimately refined their services and their customer service is above and beyond. There may be a wait occasionally but they definitely accommodate by setting you up in the pedi chair and providing complementary drinks (to include wine and mimosas or soda if you like). I always leave happy and enjoy the experience no matter how long I am there. They treat everyone like family to the point of sending me home with homemade Vietnamese egg roles and inviting my friend and I to help ourselves to the homemade food brought in my the mother of one of the staff members. They are always laughing and engaging the customers in conversation which makes me feel at home and comfortable. This salon is clean and professional. I have been getting my nails done for 20 years and can only give a review this good for maybe a handful of salons from Maryland, to Wyoming, to Hawaii and back to Florida.
I purchased an online coupon for a wax from this salon and I really REALLY wish I wouldn't have... First off, I made an appointment days in advance but when I arrived I had to wait over 30 minutes- the person who ended up waxing me was giving someone else a pedicure.  So much for the "appointment".  If the place does not honor appointments I wish I would have been told when I called to schedule so that I could have arranged my day knowing I'd be waiting so long.  Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if the air wasn't so full of chemical stink from fake nails that it gave me a headache just to sit there- WAAAY worse than I've ever smelled at a nail place before. Secondly, the wax itself was extremely unprofessional.  I have been getting waxed for more than 10 years and I'm not shy about it- but somehow the person managed to make me feel embarrassed and awkward- tactless and unprofessional.  Additionally, I brought a magazine with me into the treatment and I must have rested my face on it while I was lying on the table.  I realized about half an hour after I left that there was newsprint ALL OVER my face- no one at the salon bothered to tell me.  It was completely impossible not to notice the type print all over my face- yet not the person who performed the wax and not the person who I paid at the counter mentioned it.  So i was embarrassed EVEN more... Lastly, and most importantly, this was the worst and most painful wax I've EVER had in more than 10 years.  I doubt the person has done more than a handfull of waxes ever.  You are supposed to hold the skin taught which keeps the pain down but this person just yanked and jerked and actually left me with bruise marks- and even then there were tons of stray missed hairs.  I do not think she used a new stick each time she dipped into the wax which is gross, however it could be that she did that because it was the end of the can of wax and so I was the last person to use it on before throwing it away (I saw her toss it at the end of the service).  Still, the place was sketchy, unprofessional and just plain not good service.
I tried Diva Nails after buying a mani/pedi Groupon and loved it! It was easy to make an appointment, they have lots of color to choose from, and the salon is very clean. Jessica did an awesome job and she was so sweet.  My Mom tagged along as well and they were able to accommodate her into their busy schedule. I will definitely be back! Highly recommend.
Hands down, best nail place I've ever been too! Everyone was incredibly nice and down to earth. Highly recommend this place! Fair prices, complimentary drinks (even alcohol), and friendly service! Everyone worked together to make sure the clients had an awesome experience, even the owner himself was more than willing to help!!
Ladies who like to wax, this is the spot...at least for your under arms. I can't vouch for the other parts. I believe the wax was $18 with a military discount but I gave her a $2 tip. She went HAM! After the waxing portion, this woman used a tweezer to get any additional hairs that were too shirt or below the skin. That's what I call good service. My only qualm is the price because back home I pay $6.00. So I'm paying 3x that in good ok' fort walton. Unfortunately it's one of my only options. But at least the service is good. If they can reduce the price to even $12 I'd be a happy camper.
This place was great! Found them through yelp and figured I'd give them a try. I got right in for a European Pedicure! Vicky was wonderful! She did a wonderful job and conversed with me the whole time. After my pedicure Vicky did my gel polish! I told her I wanted a Minnie Mouse theme on my ring fingers for Halloween! It turned out so adorable! She did white polka dots and hand painted a black bow! They gave me a military discount so it ended up only being $58! I will be definitely be back! Everyone was nice and the place was immaculate! I highly recommend this place!
