A free and educational thing to do while in G'ville!  Parking is super easy and there's a parking garage if you don't want your car to sit out in the sun.  They have very interesting exhibits for those interested in nature and wildlife.  Plenty of cool and rare bugs here, but don't miss the Butterfly exhibit.  Who doesn't love Butterflies, right? You get to see some amazing specimens from all over the world and from different eras.  And they do a great job presenting the information to the public easy enough for children to understand and interesting enough for adults to enjoy.   I also love the Florida History section and the life-like exhibit where you can listen to the story of how the Indians lived in early Florida.  A little spooky, yes, but it's so fun!  And the best part of this great museum is that they have a calender of different exhibits so you can go again and again and never get bored. Overall, this place rocks!  You can pack a lunch and sit at the tables provided outside before you go in or bring some cash and buy some plants at their weekly plant sale.  This is a worthwhile trip you shouldn't miss when you're in town!
I took my wife and 5 yr old daughter on a day trip from Orlando to the Museum.  We had driven by the billboards advertising the butterfly rainforest several times and decided it was time to go! Admission to the Museum is free. If you want to go into the Butterfly exhibit i highly recommend you do- it's $9 if you're a Fl Resident. and $6 for children. Very affordable! We walked through the museum for about 1.5 hours learning all about Florida ecosystems, fossils, and habitats. We then went to see the butterfly exhibit. Its a huge area with butterflies everywhere! We spent about another hour here.  Every day at 2pm they do a release of butterflies that have just hatched out of their chrysalis' earlier that day. You can even watch UF researchers in the labs researching the butterflies. A fantastic, educational, inexpensive day. I highly recommend for young and old!
Few points: 1. Free to everyone, of course they need support so empty those pockets anyway. 2. Parking was $4 3. Caution bringing young children to some of these exhibits. Although the Butterfly and many others are awesome, we had a 6year old boy that feared many of the dark and scary sounding rooms. 4.  Loved watching the workers in action in their labs.  Very cool. 5.  The Giant Snake traveling exhibit kinda stunk, wouldn't pay $6 for that, we got in free because of the military discount. 6.  There is a children's play/learn area in front. 7.  If there is lightning, they shut down the Butterfly exhibit.
Yes!  Please do go and support this museum and while you're there donate some cash.  We desperately need to do something to support the education of our populace with regard to the plight of our environment.  The collection of fossils and skeletons of extinct animals is great and the butterfly garden is terrific.  There's lots of wonderful bird species flying around with the butterflies.  Bring your camera.  This is a great way to spend 3-4 hours.
We've been taking our trio the the Florida Museum of Natural History since they were 1, 2, and 3 years old. We return every year for they always have a special exhibit that draws us in and we can't pass up seeing the Megalodon jaw.  And as the trio get older they discover new and exciting things that they didn't understand the previous year. Currently they have the Titanboa Monster Snake on exhibit and we're already planning our summer visit! General admission is FREE, though there is a small charge for the special exhibits; $5 for Florida Residents, $4.50 for kids.
We stopped here on a whim during a recent road trip, and what a pleasant surprise! Don't be fooled by its plain appearance when you first walk in. As you get deeper into the museum, the exhibits are extremely impressive. We did not do any of the paid exhibits. We stuck to the free portion of the museum and were quite satisfied. It was a great place to let the kids kind of run free, but it was also stroller friendly for my littlest one. Easy to get to, parking was $4, which was cheap considering just how much is in the museum for free. Highly recommend it!
The Florida Museum of Natural History is the state's official natural history museum and one of the best of its kind that I've seen: we're very fortunate in Gainesville that UF, and we in turn, got this museum instead of FSU. There are rotating and visiting exhibits but some of the main exhibits such as the Florida Caves recreation are really good, also. As is the recreation and educational exhibit on Florida's fossils and pre-historic animal life. By "re-creation" I mean fibreglass and other human-crafted articulations of what these animals would have looked like (and in the case of the cave, the entire cave is replicated in great detail and you can actually explore it and get some idea of what our state's limestone karst caves are actually like . . . a rare treat). The museum, behind the scenes, also performs some very important research work, mainly in the areas of regional ecology and taxonomy. Their educational programs for K-12 students are also superb. The Butterfly Rainforest is a different unit though within the same complex, and is entered via the Museum of Natural History. It also requires seperate admission.
Pros: 1) Mostly Free (with exception of butterfly rainforest and possibly other rotating exhibits) 2) Best Butterfly Rainforest I've been to in the country 3) Great website, detailed but well-organized; definitely check out Cons: 1) Very small museum 2) Most exhibits not that extensive or engaging 3) Butterfly Rainforest costs between $6 or $10 (but totally worth it) Overall, the museum is pleasant, but very small.  Expect to be done in less than an hour, tops.  15 minutes is doable.  Most of the exhibits are meager and not terribly engaging.  Nevertheless, it's worth going to at least once.  The butterfly rainforest is well worth the price of admission.  I've been to many others in the country (New York, DC, California, etc.) that cost much more and were mostly small rooms, or had very little variety.  While floor-space-wise, this garden isn't big either, the expansive ceilings and the lush landscape make for a great environment to just soak in for awhile while you watch the butterflies flit around and occasionally land on you.  To make the most of a trip out to the museum, consider pairing it with a trip to the Harn museum of art, or on the way to a show at the performing arts center.
Attention college students, this little gem is FREE to visit! This is a small little museum featuring stuff of nature. I really enjoyed their exhibit titled "ForEverglades: Photos by Clyde Butcher and Jeff Ripple" which featured photographs of the everglades. Very vibrant pictures that bring out the wonder and beauty of the marshlands. My friend had actually been there on a field trip when she was younger. Must have been the perks of living in South Florida. ::jealous face:: Hehehe My favorite exhibit here was the exhibit titled Alien Attack: Target Everglades. This presented species that were threatening to the Everglades, but in a humorous way. The most impressive thing there was the huge python snake. Yipes! But there were a few small animals in this exhibit as well. I almost felt like I was at the zoo, except it was indoors. They also have a Butterfly Rainforest with hundreds of exotic butterflies. This section cost money, however, so my friend and I were being cheapskate and opted to skip it. I'm coming back with my son, though. I'm sure he'd love to see the big animal skeleton at the entrance. There were other parts to this museum, but we came here at the last minute, so we didn't get to see the rest of it. I can't wait to come back, though. If you live in the area, this place is next door to the Harn Museum and the Performing Arts Center at UF. Also, if you have kids, they offer classes here, too. Transportation isn't a big deal with the great campus system they got. If you're a student, you can ride the bus to here for free with your student ID when you hop on any one of these bus lines: 118, 117, 125, or 126.
A great place to take the kids....and yourself.  A finely tuned museum at the University of Florida Gainesville.  Many exhibits to entice the young and old brains alike.  A sweet gem here is the Butterfly Rainforest.  Existing here is a complete Lepidopterology department (study of Butterflies and Moths).  Within this department, where you can see researchers and students working in labs from the larval stage to adult stage of butterflies, is a LARGE screened butterfly rainforest.  Daily there are butterfly releases where a researcher comes out and educates on certain breeds of butterflies and releases them into the screened area.   Butterflies land on you, its great.  Take a camera (or a good smartphone camera) for great pics.  What a stress relieving activity...just walk around and visit the butterflies. Of course there are many other Florida-centric exhibits such as marine life, dinosaurs, Florida native species exhibits and the like.  Kids will love this place. Cost for butterfly rainforest is fairly inexpensive...with Florida Resident discounts.  Museum offerings are free. Thanks UF !!!!!
Great place to spend a cloudy day. Incredible butterfly museum with live butterflies, birds and lizards. The museum itself is all about prehistoric Florida up to the Seminole Indians meeting with Spanish explorers. Well maintained and crisp new displays make this not one of those borrring museums from school field trips.
My review is not for the museum itself, but rather for the Butterfly Rainforest housed within. The largest butterfly exhibit in the country, it consists of a 6,400 sq ft exhibit as well as a 39,000 sq ft research facility. We had the pleasure of visiting with my Master Gardener group last week and I was completely blown away. Hundreds of displays of lepidoptera color the walls, and you can watch as curators sample and mount the thousands of specimens donated by the McGuire family. I stood and stared in wonder  as a variety of new butterflies emerged from their cocoons. The vivarium itself is breathtaking, with sonorous waterfalls emerging from the tropical landscape and dumping into the manmade grotto. It generally houses more than 50 different species at any given time and you have to walk very carefully lest you step on one of these beauties. The place is astounding and, I was quite interested to learn, covered by a mesh that is hurricane-resistant to 200+ MPH winds. The rest of the museum was ok, and I must agree with another reviewer that it needs some updating. They do have special temporary exhibits available for a nominal fee. Admission to the museum's general exhibits is free, though donations are accepted. The Rainforest's adult admission is $8 for FL residents, $9.50 for all others. flmnh.ufl.edu/butterflie…
after several years, we are still happy Annual Members. One other thing we have gotten from museum membership is special opening night sneak peaks of the traveling displays - which are awesome with special speakers, food, drink. Definitely worth it!
Free museums are the bee's knees! Heck, free anything is the bee's knees. Gainesville may be small-town potatoes, but at least they can offer not one, but two free museums right next to each other. Kudos, UF! The permanent exhibits here are pretty neat, but after multiple visits they get a bit old. A fun faux-cave, lots of American Indian history including a ceremonial thatched hut, and good exhibits of the varied terrain around our great state. Specialty exhibits are hosted often and cost a fee; also the attached butterfly rainforest costs a fee as well - I have not been, myself, but only hear rave reviews about it. I'm waiting/hoping for a special deal to take advantage of, but I guess I'm cheap. Occasional craft sessions and family nights are good for kids. As I stated with the Harn Museum review - be careful when parking. Signage can be confusing or non-obvious to an out-of-towner and you can easily get a ticket in this mostly-student-parking lot on M-F.
This place is great for kids. I have been here 3 times now and it never gets old. Even though everything is the same it always feels new. The cost is cheap and you get a discount for being a student in FL and children under 3 are free. this place makes learning fun for kids. Not many museums are kid friendly but this one is. The gift shops are also great you can find some great stuff for the kids for under $10 and somethings around $5.  If you don't want to see the butterflies it is free to get in but it is worth it to be able to hold and look at all different kinds of butterflies.
Small, but full of surprises. From fosils to butterfly rainforest which is gorgeous. I had a good tome visiting it.
Best place in town for rainy day fun with the kids.  Unfortunately I haven't gotten to read all of the information in the exhibits because I'm usually chasing after my kids, Every time I go, it seems I see something that I never noticed before!  Definitely worth a trip!
I've taken school groups here for 6 years now.  Great guided tours of the museum, and the kids LOVE the butterfly garden (it's HUGE).  I've talked it up so much over the years, I'm taking my wife up there tomorrow during our Spring Break.  Great exhibits, great docents, great programs for kids, & amazing butterflies & fossils!
This review is solely for the Butterfly Rainforest- I didn't really explore much else in the museum, although it looked like there were going to be some cool exhibits coming up in the next month!  I was visiting from out of town and had an hour to play between some afternoon adventuring and happy hour, so my friend and I decided to drop in and see what we could see.   It's a lovely butterfly habitat with a LOT of beautiful butterflies along with some cool miniature toucans, sweet turtles and brightly colored koi fish.  The landscaping was done beautifully, and some of the flowers blooming were just as interesting as the brightly colored butterflies we saw.  It's a great place for kids to roam around and learn about butterflies and plants from the knowledgeable docents who standby looking for opportunities to educate visitors, and full of great photo opportunities for nature photography fans.  You can ask at the front desk before paying admission to find out how active the butterflies are so that you don't end up going in to find them all hiding or sleeping.  The warmer the weather, the more active the butterflies are, absorbing the heat of the sunshine.  There are benches scattered along the winding path through the rainforest where you can sit and enjoy the view, and perhaps be visited by a butterfly or two on your shoulders or in your hair.  Great place to visit if you're visiting Gainesville and looking for a fun and colorful activity within city limits!
What a fantastic museun!!!! The main exhibit changes about every 6 months. The rest of the museum entail a wonderful exhibit of FL Native Americans of all kinds. Wonderful aurhentic artifacts and clothing of those people that you can see nowhere else. The history of FL Native Americans is very easy to follow. There is also an exhibit of hundreds of petrified butterflies in their varies different stages of life. Very informative. The best is the Butterfly Rainforest. I have been to so many buterrfly gardens but tis is absolutely the best with the most butterflies. You cannot walk around the rainforest without literally running into butterflies. They land on your clothes, on the ground, there are so many of them. Hre you will see international species. Species you can see nowhere else in the state! The surroundings are set up condusive to the butterflies homes. It is beautiful. You walk around at your own pace and can stay all day if you'd like. Hpurly they have a butterfly release with an employee describing every butterfly that is being released. So very informative. The museum is great for all ages. I cannot see anyone going away unhappy. An informative experience for anyone! The price is extremely affordable and includes all exhibits.
What a wonderful place to visit and learn about nature and history! It's an exciting place to visit and the exhibits change often enough that's it's worth coming back to.
It was a day trip from where I live-pretty good museum overall.  It's all about Florida's natural history-the exhibits are interesting but sort of outdated.  best of all it's Free!
greta fun place that is FREE.  You should check it out is you have the time and kids love it!
The butterfly rainforest is awesome so many different kinds and they are so friendly. Plus they had a military special I will be back!
The Florida Museum of Natural History's well worth visiting, especially with young kids. It's got some flaws, but overall I really enjoy it. Admission to the general museum is free, which is nice, and it does a good job laying out the history of Florida and the plants, animals, and geology that you're likely  to find in the state. The butterfly rainforest is a lot of fun, and well worth the extra admission price. The large screened-in area that the butterflies are kept in is beautifully landscaped and well-stocked with butterflies, and they'll often land on visitors. The museum also hosts some pretty excellent special events, such as the "Starry Night" astronomy festival. Additionally, it's right next door to the Harn Museum of Art and the performing arts center, so there's plenty to do. The main downsides of the museum are that it's fairly small, so there's only so much to see, and most of the exhibits are oriented strongly towards kids. That's great for kids, and I don't begrudge them that, but it means that the exhibits don't always have the same repeat value for the older visitor. There is an admission fee for the butterfly rainforest and whatever special exhibit they're showing at the time, which can get expensive on student budgets. As someone who came to the museum years ago as a small child, when it was in the old earth-sheltered building, I have to say I was initially disappointed when I first saw the new building, but while it's not as interesting a building now, it's got a lot to offer as a museum. I'd definitely recommend going if you're at all interested in Florida's natural history, or even if you just like butterflies.
