Recently changes owners.... The place got a nice little facelift, so it's brighter and not a dark anymore. The servers were very accommodating to my special request.  I definitely wanted some Dry Rub wings, but also wanted something else besides.  So I asked if I could substitute a half order of the wings for the side that comes with the sandwich.  Of course, there was an extra charge for that -- and that is perfectly fine -- I would not expect them to substitute wings for french fries for free.  They happily accommodated my request. Another nice note....shortly after I ordered, the cook came out and said, "Ya know, when I saw you ordered wings with that sandwich it gave me an idea...I think that dry rub seasoning might taste really good on the sandwich -- would you like to try it?"   I did try it and it's was delicious!
Clearly Fred, I was not making my review off "one bad experience"... It was just the final straw. As far as my comment "wishing you out of business", I've not had one good experience in the last 6 months there and when bringing it to on-site management's attention, I was dismissed face to face with a "too bad so sad" reply. I love the location, I love the "old" atmosphere, and it's a great place for a "locals" bar... Which COULD be successful given were clearly a bunch of bar lovers. Which brings me to my last point: The "tiki bar" no longer houses a bar; Just tables, chairs, tvs, and bar stools. *Shake my head* (in disappointment).  Please bring the "old" atmosphere back!!! And no more BS about "insurance" rules. Thanks. Bye.
So I was not impressed with my meal here. I think the atmosphere is nice, the service is adequate, but as far as the food goes....this place could use "Bar Rescue"..... My mom and I visited for lunch last week. We ordered sweet tea which tasted like dirty dishwater and was not very sweet. For lunch I ordered the Triple Decker Club on Rye and Mac and Cheese as the side, my mom ordered the naked wings and a side of fries. The food took FOREVER to arrive, probably 20 to 30 minutes. My bread was barely toasted and the processed cheese was so gross. The macaroni and cheese was disgraceful! I wouldn't serve it to my dog! It looked (and tasted) like it had been sitting out all day and it was cold. My mom's wings were decent, although a bit overdone, and the fries tasted like they had been cooked in OLD grease. I feel like I would give the place a second chance and maybe come in on karaoke night for some drinks. Maybe the food would taste better if I were drunk.
3.5 stars. Gator Tales was nice. Not spectacular, but not bad either. I went on a Friday night and they had live acoustic music playing songs like Hotel California and Santeria (that was great). It's tucked away in a little corner of a rundown shopping plaza, but you could hear the loud music coming from that corner. The place was kind of empty, but there was a big group of people at the bar. They also have pool tables and multiple TV's. The service was great. Our waitress was real nice and attentive. The menu is pretty big. They've got staple sports bar food like wings, burgers, sandwiches and the like. I got an order of wings for the table and also tried the shrimp Po' Boy. My brother tried their burger. The wings (16 for $11.99) were great. The breaded wings were better than the naked wings (and I'm a naked wings kind of guy). They were a little oversauced but that's cool. The Shrimp Po Boy ($8) was great. The shrimp were nice medium sized shrimp golden fried. They didnt get soggy from the tomatoes and they tasted great individually. There was a good amount of shrimp on the sandwich too. The burger looked great, never got to try it, but my brother thought it was just ok. Overall, the place was good. I've had better food elsewhere, but this was still a great place. Prices werent too bad. The service was fantastic and the place looked clean enough. Although it was dark inside at night, so i cant be too sure. I would come here to watch some Gator games.
We visited Gator Tales on two separate occasions in order to participate in their new trivia night. We have had a lot of fun playing pub trivia at different bars, and we were happy to find somewhere so close to home and at a day/time that worked for us. The bar is an interesting mix of sort of a biker-ish or blue-collar atmosphere along with a sports-bar atmosphere. We liked that it wasn't just catering to the college crowd. On the first occasion, I had a salad (if I remember correctly, it was a ceasar salad), which was adequate. It's hard to screw up a ceasar salad. My companion had a hamburger, which was quite good. After the meal, we ordered one of the items on their desert list, which we thought was a fried Oreo. Well, it came, and it was actually FIVE fried oreos! It was very, very good. It tasted almost like a New Orleans beignet with an Oreo inside. We stayed long enough to finish the trivia game for which we had come. It was pretty entertaining. Both times we ate at Gator Tales, the service was great, and the trivia was fun. The second time, however, we were accosted inside the restaurant by another patron, who appeared to be drunk and proceeded to try to launch an inappropriate conversation with us. It was a bit creepy, not to mention awkward. However, the waitress put an end to it very professionally. I was impressed with her ability to deal calmly with the other patron. She clearly had had to do it before. I'm giving this place three stars because they do what they do well -- it's really good fried food, if that's what you're looking for. They don't claim to be anything other than what they are. I'm knocking them the two stars because I feel like I have to be wary of their clientele when I go there.
Went back for a second try.  Great service.  Very attentive staff this time. I did not try the food - went for wings again, but prices seemed very reasonable.
I got a groupon here and wasn't sure what to expect.  When I drove in on a Sunday I was surprised to see how biker friendly they are.  They have a specific parking lot of bikers so I knew it would be an old man bar.  The local bar feel came across instantly.  People sitting at the bar engaged me in conversation right away and gave me their business card within 5 minutes.  To add to the local feel I asked if they could put the Tigers playoff game on (Detroit stand up) and the guy handed me the remote. The wings were actually really good and the beer is cheap.  I tend to like these kind of bars but would recommend going with friends.  it is a little to far away from my place to be a neighborhood bar for me.  I would highly recommend purchasing a half price deal here if you see it.  Wouldn't recommend going here to watch a game though.
I wanted to give this place a better review, but at the end of the day, it wasn't living up to my expectations. For starters, it's a neighborhood restaurant, which is nice, but the menu is completely unimaginative and the food was downright plain. We were one of two small groups eating lunch there, and I guess the writing was on the wall when you walk into an empty restaurant with only one server that didn't seem to care that we existed. I ordred a french dip, and I got a cheese steak instead. My friend ordered sweet potato french fries, but they came out as potato wedges instead of regular fries (wedges were not even mentioned on the menu). When we ordered fries, it appeared as though the oil wasn't hot enough or the cook didn't shake off the excess oil because the fries weren't crispy, but soaked in grease.   Again, Gator Tales did not meet the basic expectations I expect from a restaurant that isn't slammed with patrons. Maybe it was a slow day, but I can think of 6-7 other sports-themed places in Gainesville where the food quality is better, the service is better and the overall experience is better. Sorry folks...Won't be going back again.
This is the worst eating experience I have had in Gainesville in the 37 years I have lived here. Steak was inedible along with the grits and fried food, which is hard to screw up. We sent both plates back and instead of trying to make it right, we were told the "breakfast hasn't been a hit".. Avoid this dump. The reviews are fake.
Wings are good, beer is cold!
Fun locals place with an outdoor deck where they have live music on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday and Karaoke 0n Thursday.  Food is not bad and they have a pool table.  Staff is really friendly.  The server named Spring was the  best, but now she is gone so Samantha is the best!  Fun place to watch a Gator game.
Great local drinking hole.
I've always liked this place, especially when my dog, Molly was alive. I love this place now ( even though its not the same without Molly). The food has improved markedly and seems very fresh. The wings are great still, but the chicken tenders are awesome! The waiters/servers are all extremely attentive & friendly. Emily, Vicky, Travis, & Gavin ROCK!  Daily drink specials too. A great neighborhood pub.
One of my favorite places to watch Gator games. Hometown feel. Fun locals. Food is good, for bar food. Wings are the best! Servers are very nice, but they do get very busy. Patio allows dogs and supports local dog rescues. Live music is always a blast. Karaoke could use some work.
"Great local sports bar, good group of regulars that have coming for years and a lot of new customers. Good food, cold beer, reasonable prices what more could you want?"
Overall fantastic experience! I am a bartender in Tampa,Fl at one of the premier sports bars downtown and am very skeptical when I go out. But this place was awesome. My fiancé and I were passing through and merely just looked something up on our GPS and I must say I'm glad it brought us here. The dry rub wings were great, the service was awesome and the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming. Our bartender was phenomenal, I think his name was Matt I highly recommend you request him, and even though the UF team lost their game it was still very busy outside where we were sitting. The bartender inside looked a bit lost but they do a good job of keeping the staff well balanced because our bartender came in and accommodated us and the rest of the guests pretty damn well which as a fellow worker in hospitality I appreciate! We had a great time watching the locals play poker on the back deck and always got what we asked for a soon as we asked. Just a great overall experience and if I'm ever back in "the swamp" I will definitely be back here to see the Gator Tales crew!
