This place is soaked with music history but I will spare you a nerd out session. What is now The Double Down Live is more traditionally known as The Common Grounds. I've been hearing about this place for over ten years living on the other side of the country so finally being able to walk in and see a band play, albeit a Chicago band, was pretty damned great. Essentially it's a long box. I'm not sure what I expected but I'm not sure it was this. You hear about a place for ten years and you might start thinking the stage is made out of pure gold. It's definitely not. The sound right up front against the stage was alright yet a little too loud for bare ears and a little too quiet for plugged ears. Blah. That's the price you pay. I bet if you stand back about 20-25 feet the sound is pretty decent. Seems to be enough stuff in the room to do a little dampening. What dampening can be done to a Marshall half-stack, that is.   The bar is easily accessed and low and behold, George Rebelo of Hot Water Music drumming fame slangs beers behind said bar. Swoon. There's a patio outside for smoking and just catching some late fall air in a state that doesn't seem to ever get cold. Even the restrooms seemed surprisingly clean. Or maybe my beer goggles by that point in the evening needed a little mental mopping. All in all, I'm probably more excited looking back on being able to come here finally than I was on seeing the band I came for but such is the life of a music history nerd.
What a dump. No a/c, no chairs and no sense of time. Shows billed always start over an hour late so plan on that and if you get there late you can STAND in the HEAT behind everyone else. The Manager is a complete ass with no customer service skills. I wonder who the owner is to have this cerebral leprechaun running the store blaming all the problems on his "misinformed" help. Find another venue.
We've toured the country many times performing comedy. Never before has a venue cancelled a show (for no real reason) with such short notice as High Dive. Even after the artists spent money on promoting and travel. Maybe this place is awesome to hang out but they don't treat artists well. I say consider that when choosing where to watch music or comedy.
This place is so insanely trendy that no one actually thinks to evaluate it. The service is horrible. I'm not sure if there are even servers here, as it just seems like sometimes a host or a bartender looks your way. The food is unsanitary and not good at all. The crowds are abrasive, even when it isn't busy. This will be just another downtown faddish venue that will shut down within 5 years when hipsters grow up and get jobs, and the next thing comes along. Waste of space.
This used to be the legendary Common Grounds, a long-running live music venue in Gville. It is now under new ownership. Aside from that, it's basically the same place. Most of the same offerings, prices, etc. Worse live music being booked, though. I did notice the addition of Genessee Cream Ale. That's a welcome change. Also totally stole it's name from a much more legendary and revered club in Las Vegas. Get your own name, noobs!
The High Dive is my favorite live music venue, period.  I knew it as the Covered Dish when I lived in Gainesville (attending UF) in the 90's, and I recently made my way back there for 3 nights of Less Than Jake for  Wake and Bake 2013 (highly recommended when the 2014 go on sale, btw).  The folks that run the High Dive successfully maintained the history and nostalgia of the club I went to almost weekly during my college days (That stage has some HISTORY!!!)  while certainly upgrading it's layout and acoustics.  There are plenty of places to sit down between acts, a fantastic outdoor porch area, and a super friendly staff!!!    The bar prices are crazy inexpensive, too.  To be able to get a beer under $5 at a concert is unheard of these days...I think the most expensive beer at the bar was $4...for a guinness!  Drink $2 PBR's all night and have plenty of room for some late night food from the food truck parked in the lot.  (There was a food truck there every night I was there...not sure if it is an every day thing, but it was certainly perfect!)   I highly recommend the High Dive for great tunes, cheap drinks, and an all around great night out in Gainesville Rock City!   It is everything a music venue should be.
Saw Eisley there last night. Large area, bar inside and outside, 3 stalls in the girls restroom, chairs, and an AC that screams it presence. Good place to see a band and not feel too crowded and to just sit and chill.
I have performed at bars and comedy clubs all over the world including the Edinburgh fringe festival in scotland and this is by far the best venue. The bar staff is great and the promoter is really easy to deal with. Couldn't ask for a better venue for live entertainment.
