I was lucky enough to stumble across this gem today while driving through Gainesville. I had to try the bulgogi omelette since I love Korean BBQ. My omelette was a heavenly combo of sweet bulgogi beef with rice and cheese. I added sriracha for the winning touch. I'm so happy I found this place but sad it's 2 hours away from me. At least I found a new way to use the bulgogi I make at home!
Well...we have a difference of opinion. My snobby ass wife thinks that this is an upscale Waffle House so we're not going to let her do the review. Soooooooo .... the biscuits and gravy were delicious!  The gravy was thick and seasoned well. I prefer to have my biscuits well done for the crunch, but that's a personal choice. The hash browns (not chopped potatoes!) were crispy, crunchy, greasy goodness! The eggs, grits, pancakes and bacon were tasty. All this deliciousness with tea and coffee in TEN MINUTES for $20!  SCORE!!!  Thank you Heather...you were an awesome server.
Mmm... well the ramen was just mediocre.  The supposely supreme Korean omelette was also just meh.  I would have given this a 3 even if I didnt just have one of the best brunches ever at 43rd yesterday.   Meh.
I have never been soo disrespectes in my entire life. Why do you want to be in business if you  descide to treat your patrons soo poorly. The best part is they ak nowledged what that did, and said they didin't care. I would avoid this rat trap like the plauge.
The bulgogi omelet is out of this world delish! Service is great and it's worth the wait.
I was a bit confused by the Korean and american breakfast menu and decided to order different dishes from both flares. The French toast was amazing, the service was quick and prompt and the pricing was extremely reasonable if not under priced.
I'm in love with their bulgogi omelet with a side of crispy hash browns with roasted garlic. The service is great and friendly. It's a hidden gem and one of the best brunch places in Gainesville.
What a wait. We were just there for what we thought would be brunch. Got there about quarter to noon, and there were only 3 parties before us. Due to the size of their tables and our larger party (6), we actually had to wait a little longer to be seated. We probably sat down about half an hour after arrival. Not too bad. But then it took OVER AN HOUR to actually get our food!!!!  Needless to say, it was a painful wait.  The food was definitely good, but don't wait until you are hungry. 4 stars for the food and staff. 1 star for the wait.
Unfortunately, we had a miserable experience here. This is the third time we have tried to get in, and there is always a wait. Since this is usually a good sign about the quality of the food, we decided it was worth the wait. We were told that there was only a five minute wait, and no need to put our  names on the list. After 20 minutes we had still not been seated, but we didn't mind that the waitress misrepresented the wait. We were happily waiting, when someone else came in a snagged the table which had just been cleared. When we asked the waitress, she said that she couldn't/wouldn't ask the people to move, and that we had just lost our table...too bad for us. In a town with so many great dining options, I can't imagine why anyone would waste their valuable time going here. Especially when the waitstaff in unequipped to handle the volume of customers, and the place is too disorganized to even know that they should write down names of parties who are waiting for a table. I plan to take my money elsewhere, and would recommend that you do the same.
You know a place is worth it when you make a point to eat there despite it being pretty much out of the way. Country Foodly gives two things to it's customers: 1) a standard set of breakfast staples and 2) an intriguing fusion of Korean flavors into said set of staples for the thrill seeker, both of which are top-notch. The Space Stashed in a strip of businesses just around the bend on NW 34th, Country Foodly has a modest exterior and not a whole lot of room for those waiting to eat (there is a bench inside but they definitely will be busy enough to have you standing), but they are are attentive to tables that finish and do not waste time in getting everything cleaned for the next patrons. Despite the look outside there are actually quite a few booths all bordering the room, with a long community table as the centerpiece. Only one restroom but it was very clean. The Service Superb. While waiting for a table our waitress offered my friend and I coffee and once seated my cup was never empty a single time. She was helpful in explaining the menu and very friendly throughout the experience. Not much else need be said. The Food Another reviewer's recounting paired with the waitress's recommendation led my buddy and I to share the bulgogi omelet and the chicken and waffles. The omelet includes choice of sides but was plenty large on it's own...but the flavor was awesome. A very unique and inviting take on breakfast, especially with a modest amount of sriracha. Even the simple biscuit was fluffy and delicious. And the obvious staple: chicken and waffles. The breading on the chicken was crispy and well seasoned, but not too much so as to undermine the light and sweet waffle. A thin drizzle of some sweet cream paired with syrup gave way to an indulgent and filling meal while not being too greasy or too sweet. Final Thoughts The (not) drawback to this place is that I live too far from it. I didn't wait too long and I was attentively served despite the obvious popularity of the place. Korean with a breakfast twist, traditional eggs and pancakes or even lunch if it's that time, I am confident you will walk out satisfied with the experience.
Thank You, Thank You, Thank You.... For cooking good ol' American breakfast how it should be and for being brave enough to give it a twist. This place has a diner feel to it and serves mostly traditional breakfast.However, they serve Korean food too and if you choose you can infuse the two. I chose to do just that and had the spicy pork omelet. It's sooo unique I can't even describe it. A tangy spicy pork stuffed with rice in a savory omelet(caution: it's very spicy). My mouth waters just reviewing it. If I could I'd go everyday. The wait staff is incredibly courteous and nice, they make you feel as if you were at their house having breakfast.
The Chicken & Waffles here is so damn good! The fried chicken batter is seasoned with the right amount of spices. It's not too heavy on the oil and the chicken isn't too heavily coated either. It's crispy on the outside and oh so juicy on the inside. The chicken is incredibly succulent from the first bite to the last. The fluffy waffles has a nice soft chewy texture which makes eating with the chicken that much better. The special sauce they drizzle on the chicken and waffles compliments the dish very well. Simply amazing. =D
We had a lazy morning where my wife and I just wanted to get a bite to eat. Sunday morning at some of the other popular gainesville locations can take a while to be seated. So we decided to try this place out. My wife said its always full, so it must be good. Pros: 1) In the time my wife and I ordered our meals (steak/eggs/hash browns-----sausage/home fries/eggs-----2 orders of french toasts [dont judge, we were really hungry lol]), looked up the location to check in, and view reviews, the meal was already out. It took about 4-5 mins. This was the same for all the people who came in with us. 2) Portion size: a good large (fair) portion. 3) Taste: 4/5: the food tasted good. By no means was it amazing, but it it sure did the job! 4) Service: very friendly. In the 30 mins that we were there they managed to fill our cups once with water, without even asking. She also came by twice to see how things were going; with a big friendly and welcoming smile. 5). Price: Everything we ordered (earlier in the review) only cost 24 bucks. Its a great price!! Please refer to the pictures to find thier menu, and to see their prices/food options. 6) Wait: the place was full. 6 people came in at the same time. However, we were sat in about 5 mins. Thier service is so fast that there is quick turn over. We were all seated in about 10 mins; a group of 4 other people were seated pretty fast as well; they came in right after us. 7) Parking: more than enough parking out front. Cons: 1) Location: its a very small space; very simple. They had some brown cardboard signs displaying specials.
This quaint little hole in the wall location is home to a true hidden gem of Gainesville. Six booths and one large middle table is all there is aside from a kitchen and the server station. Specials and new items are hand-written on pieces of paper along the wall, which makes the place even more endearing as a true original from good people. Of course I had the bulgogi omelette and it was as delicious as all the rave reviews said. My wife had the spicy pork omelette which I tried, it was definitely spicy but equally delicious. Fried dumplings for appetizer was also very good. We will be back again, and again, and again...
No complaints here. Good Food, good pricing. It's a "quant" place. A little small but has a cozy feel to it. Service was great, I would definatly recommend this place!
Shared the bulgogi omelette and chicken and waffles.  Both were amazing.  If I had to choose one I would get the omelette.  The beef with the omelette sounds like a strange combination but it delivers wonderful flavors to the palette.  The coating on the chicken was flavorful and crisp, cooked just right.  Definitely worth the detour off I-75!
Tasty and reliably good "diner style" breakfast food is definitely the best way to describe this place. The prices are fair, the service is quick, and the food is consistently good. They also offer lunch items and a few Korean items but we always go here for the breakfast.
Amazing!! Guy Fieri needs to come visit for Triple D! It's so unique and delicious. I've had the bulgogi beef omelet, which is to die for. I crave it! The biscuits and gravy are delicious also. The chicken and waffles are incredible. It's a small diner and located in an unassuming strip mall, but don't doubt its deliciousness. Country Foodly is the one place you just can't miss if you're in Gainesville.
I wasn't really sure what to think when my fiancé brought me here, but I was definitely sure what to think by the time I took my first bite. I had their chicken & waffles & my life will never be the same. So delicious!! We also had some biscuits & gravy, & they were just as perfect as they could've been. I highly recommend.
Confused by the name? Me to. Until reading reviews on Yelp I wrote off this restaurant because of it. I was expecting something like Brown's Country Buffet. Glad I read the reviews and tried these guys out. Country Foodly serves standard American breakfast and lunch options but with the addition of a few Korean dishes. Sometimes the different styles meet (bulgogi omelet) and happiness is born. I generally just spring for their bulgogi beef fried rice with a small cabbage salad on the side. Regarding their bulgogi, while I do immensely enjoy it, I do think they consistently add too much salt to it. Their menu is focused, without a million options to choose from, which is something I really enjoy seeing at restaurants. I would like to see a few other Korean dishes pop up on the menu though (Bibimbap omelet please!). The atmosphere here is standard diner style. The place isn't big, but I haven't had any issues waiting around for a table. The service is quick and friendly, and the chef gets the food out of the kitchen very quickly. Their speed helps those on lunch breaks who need to get in and out quickly, and I'm sure the fast turn over is great for their business.
I'm giving this place 5 stars because I have never seen a bulgogi omelette anywhere else before, but it is such a great idea. It is a large 3 egg omelette with Swiss cheese, white rice, onion, and some perfectly prepared beef bulgogi. Really tasty stuff. Anyway, with the exception of a small section of Korean inspired dishes, this is pretty much a fairly standard country diner. This ain't health food and the patrons have the waistlines to prove it.  Anyway, if you are looking for something different, it's worth the short drive out of the way.
Came here this past weekend when we were in Gainesville!  I love diners and this is a really neat place.  They had as a kids option pancakes in the shape of Mickey Mouse!!  Hooray!!  Anyway the adult food is way delicious.  Hubby had the bulgogi omelette and it was so super yummy.  I had biscuits and gravy.  I guess during all my time in the midwest and south I was never really going out to breakfast and I feel like I was missing out.  I had the hotel version of biscuits and gravy like that the holiday inns serve and it is really gross.  This place does it delicious.  I'm glad my 1st real biscuits and gravy experience was w/ them...definitely didn't disappoint.  Oh and the service is very good and they have more than just your basic cup of coffee..my caramel iced coffee was right.  I'd come back here next time we are in town for sure.
The Bulgogi Omelet is to die for.  A delicate omelet stuffed with Korean rice, sweet marinated beef or spicy pork, onions, and Swiss cheese.   I have never had breakfast food this perfect... They are also serving a new potato breakfast side dish with huge chunks of browned Korean garlic.  Also, their biscuits are super tender. According to Felix, they are now open on Sunday.  Yay! Where else can you get a taro milk tea with boba and a bulogi omelet for breakfast?  Country Foodly is one of those places that takes fusion to the next level.  Most of the customer are regulars and love to eat here, but they do not even realize how good they have it.  To top it all off, it is very inexpensive.  The Gainesville Korean population has truly created a fascinating and delicious food culture for the entire community.  We are so lucky.  It is heaven! Someone get Guy from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives over here to visit Country Foodly ASAP!
This place is fine, but I'm not as impressed as everybody else. I agree that it's inexpensive and quick.  But with the exception of the bulgogi omelet (which is not something I've seen anywhere else), the breakfast menu is very limited and basic.  The scrambled eggs, hash browns, pancakes, bacon, etc. are always good, but it's also pretty hard to screw those things up and if I'm going out for breakfast, I'm more inclined to go somewhere that has things I don't make at home.   The service varies depending on who you get.  Usually it's fine, but last time I was there our waitress seemed half asleep and it was impossible to get her attention for coffee refills, the toast she forgot to bring, the check, etc.
Somebody call Guy Fieri! Quick!  I love that this place gladly indulges my culinary travesties (e.g.: Chicken Fried Rice with Eggs Over Easy on top) and, in some ways, serves as validation that I was in the right direction all along.  Maybe my ideas for Bulgogi or "Bahn Mi" Cheesesteaks aren't so "out there" after all.   Anyway, interesting flavors and textures along with proper execution (and good soy sauce...Yamasa brand) makes Country Foodly just work!  To me...this collision of culture and technique, and a willingness to diverge from tradition for the sake of discovery, very much, embraces a certain perspective.   To me, ultimately,...THIS is American food! East End Eatery.  Country Foodly. The Jones.  et al.  Thanks to places like these Breakfast is the niche where Gainesville really shines.
yummy korean food. will go back soon.
I kept seeing bulgogi omelet, bulgogi omelet. I like omelets, I like bulgogi, and every other breakfast place I had been to on this trip to Gainesville had been meh so far. I had to try this. It's not just hype, it's true. Get this omelet. I don't care if you don't like bulgogi, eggs, rice, or onions...you will like them when they all come together in this omelet. The meat was cooked perfectly, melt in your mouth tender and finely shaved with the classic sweet sauce dripping out of the omelet. To balance this and sop up some of the sauce, there's rice, which since it's soaked up bulgogi deliciousness is nice and moist and not too weird. The onions were still a little crunchy for a nice texture change, and the sweetness of the bulgogi sauce was countered with the nice salty swiss cheese for an overall delicious experience. There's the other typical breakfast dishes on the menu, but who cares, this omelet is on the menu and it's the only thing to concern yourself with. Ok, to be fair there was a country omelet that was country fried steak, cheese and sausage gravy which I would've snapped up had the bulgogi omelet not been there, but we're losing focus here. BULGOGI OMELET. If you're not into Korean BBQ being stuffed in eggs, I can only report on the biscuits and gravy and fried potatoes. The biscuits were nice and fluffy and buttermilk good, the gravy was nothing special, had a little flavor but was just basically milk gravy with sausage chunks thrown in to be able to call it sausage gravy. The fried potatoes were well cooked, crispy outside and soft inside with a nice light seasoning so they weren't just bland potatoes. They do have a nice selection of coffee and tea drinks. They do the bubble teas all day long, smoothies, blended drinks, hot and cold teas and coffees with a variety of flavors. I had a gingerbread chai latte which was delicious, not overly sweet and nice and spicy. Overall, good little diner food breakfast, not sure how lunch is but the menu looked to be half deli/diner sandwiches and such and half Korean-based bento offerings. Quirky combination good for asian food fans dining with less adventurous folk. Yes, it's a small place, and yes you may have to wait. We were there around 9:30 on a Saturday during UF's winter break and still had to wait while they cleaned off a recently vacated table. Seating for only 30 or so max, so don't get too impatient. It's worth it. Final thought: This is the only breakfast place I found in Gainesville out of the 3 I tried that I would go out of my way to go back to again, specifically for the bulgolgi omelet.
My parents came into town over the weekend.  Having read the Yelp reviews of this place I decided we should try it for breakfast.  We were not disappointed. Pros:  Great food!  I had the biscuits and gravy, with link sausage for my side.  The gravy was delicious, nice and peppery with plenty of sausage.  The biscuit was fluffy and buttery.  Everyone else had omelettes and they were very happy.  Everything tasted great and the portions were large.  I was a bit concerned about the service based on the reviews but our server was very attentive and our order came correctly. Cons: It's a small diner so you may have to wait for a table.  It's a bit out of the way, too.  Their decaf coffee is instant coffee (but their brewed coffee was good.) I'll be back, that's for sure!
I like coming here because the food is always fresh and I have gotten to know the wait staff...  they are very friendly and courteous.  Country Foodly's breakfasts are simple, straight-forward, no non-sense platters.  It is all cooked when you order it and the coffee is pretty top-notch. The only item I used to love ordering but no longer do is the "Meat Lovers Omelet".  This omelet used to be stuffed with different meats, but they have reduced their meat portion and kept the same amount of egg, so my formerly favorite plate has become a deflated egg shell with large amounts of air inside. In spite of this, I continue frequenting Country Foodly; they are still one of my favorite restaurants.  All I had to do was find an alternate favorite breakfast plate....  The Ham Steak!  It's a bit pricier, but it is worth it.
A little far out of the way, but trust me, the food is worth the drive. Everyone at my table tried out the bulgolgi omelet & it was AMAZING. The omelet was stuffed with sweet marinated meat and onions, melted swiss cheese and sticky rice (eggs were fluffy as well!) The hash browns were cooked to a perfect golden brown. The plate also comes with toast or a biscuit. The owners are extremely nice and are happy to accommodate for any requests. All in all, a great experience. Can't wait to come back again!
Awesome food! Great service! They get 4 stars because of the location. Small local. They have outgrown it. =)
Omg wtf?! korean fusion breakfast?! I had to try this place out when i read about it. Had the bulgolgi omelet and didnt' expect it to have rice but it was fantastic. My roommate had the country friend steak which also was delicious. Definitely been added to my breakfast spots in gainesville. Will be going back very soon =) Btw did i mention the price is fucken cheap?! GREAT!
#1 DON'T LET THE NAME TRICK YOU. Wtf is a "Foodly" am I right?  But besides the name, this place is great.  I was very impressed with what this little restaurant had to offer. I had biscuits and gravy, pancake, and hash browns. My parents ordered more ordinary breakfast things like bacon, ham, eggs, etc. We were all very content with our meal and it wasn't over-priced. I'm a big fan of Waffle-House style hash browns and they have them! Yay! I'll be back, FOODLY!
Dirty, dirty, dirty.   Service was good, food wasn't anything to write home about.  I can't stand a dirty restaurant, won't be back.
I'm torn between a 3 and 4 star on this one. I've only been there twice, just breakfast so far. I rode by on my Saturday morning bike ride, prior to breakfast, and decided it would be brilliant to come back here so I can put all the calories I just burned off, right back into me. So I came back shortly after to get a to-go order to take the wife some breakfast in bed and I made the classic mistake of not checking my order before leaving. They forgot my damn bacon. How do you forget the meat of all things? While I was waiting, they forgot someone elses biscuits at table. The service was friendly, but slow and obviously lacking attention to detail. Though screw that guy missing his biscuit anyway, because he took the last of the smoked sauage that I really wanted to try! Ok, I can only comment on the few things I've tried. The scrambled eggs are fluffy and nicely cooked. The hashbrowns are good. The sausage patties are hockey pucks. The bacon I've had before is average. The biscuits haven't been as moist and soft as I'd like. The grits were undercooked. The omelletes are delicious (I'll definitely go back for the bulgogi after reading other reviews). In short (too late, I know), some of the food has been average, some good....but that's pretty much how it goes at any breakfast place, particularly for this price. I'll also stop by to try some lunch items at some point. If anybody has anything to say about the basics (Cheesesteak, burgers, etc), I'd like to hear about it.
I came across this place from good friends of mine. They said the food was good, inexpensive, and easily to get in and out. So, we met up here and it was a great way to start the day. I ordered the meat lovers omelet with home fries and rye toast with coffee. The Food was $5.95. It was cooked well and had a great flavor. My dad and my friend had the country fried steak omelet - country fried steak inside a three egg omelet with sausage gravy on top. Now theirs looked better than mine and from the amount of food left on their plates? Well none a crumb LOL. Another friend of mine had the biscuits and sausage gravy with eggs and that looked awesome too. Overall, if you are looking for a great place to eat, even on a game day in Gainesville, FL for breakfast, definitely hit this place up.  Its not on the busy side of town, has parking out front, and the prices can't be beat!
I literally just ate there a few minutes ago and the Bulgolgi omelette was amazing! I must recommend this to everyone!!  Small place, friendly staff, and quick service.
Food was excellent, our server was attentive and accommodating of our barley dog, and our meal was reasonably priced.
Food was gross. Hash-browns were cold. Omelette was brown.  Place looked dirty. Will not go again. Wouldn't recommend.
Meh. it's ok. we've gone there a handful of times over the last couple years mostly due to it's convenient location for us. it's in a part of town that there aren't a lot of restaurant options immediately around. the food tastes ok, the prices are ok, the service is ok. however, what makes it unique is the very unusual combination of traditional diner style american fare with korean dishes. but with that said, i certainly wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
Love the mix of American and Korean breakfast and lunch options! Their service is amazing, everyone there is super friendly and quick to bring your food. The prices are super reasonable and their omelets and fried rice are great.
Kids food for less than $3. Fast service and awesome breakfast food to boot.
I didn't know much about this establishment when my friend and I ventured out to find it this afternoon. All I knew was that it 1) served Korean AND breakfast food and 2) had a ridiculous name. Suffice it to say, I was intrigued. It was a little bit of a trek but not at all in vain. I had the bulgogi omelet, which was unique and amazing. The biscuits with sausage gravy and mocha latte were also delicious. The portions were good, the price was great (all the food above + vegetarian omelet + coffee came out to be ~$21), and the service was friendly and effective. I only wish it were a little closer to home, but I'm still completely willing to make the occasional drive up there for that awesome omelet.
Next to Nero's pizza on the north end of the town. Kind of far away from the campus, but still it's worth it. They have breakfast and lunch, coffee, smoothie, tea, etc. I like their burgers.
I love love love love that they have Korean options for breakfast/lunch. They are so accommodating, the portions are awesome, and the services is great. The last time I was here I got a bulgogi omelet with kimchi & cheese added. (A tasty combo) The garlic potatoes on the side had nice big pieces of garlic, everything was cooked perfectly. The food is so good and so affordable, my only complaint is that I don't live closer!
amazing service fast GREAT FOOD whenever my parents come to visit me I like to take them here for a good meal
They are open on Sundays! Be sure to get there before 10am though because it fills up fast and only seats about 34 people. They serve their whole menu all day long.  I had the bulgogi omelet and it was very good. It's even better if you add mushrooms to it. The coffee is good and they offer Korean teas. Food was served in a timely manner and the wait staff is friendly. I will be visiting again soon!
Country Foodly is odd in name and location, but completely delicious. Their omeletes are wonderful! I have had the country omelete, which is filled with pieces of country fried steak and cheddar cheese and covered in sausage gravy. The bulgogi omelete, as everyone else has said, is unique and quite good. It's not something you'd normally find at a breakfast place. The bulgogi omelete is a lot like having Korean stir fry with egg in it. Of course, you're having really good Korean stir fry with really good egg in it. As far as sides go, the biscuits are average biscuits, the grits taste like they're made from a box, and the hash browns are decently tasty. Come here for the omeletes. It's really worth it and well priced.
Tiny gem of a place with excellent food and service. Get there a little early because seating is limited and word has gotten out that it is a great place for breakfast.
I'm so glad we decided to eat here instead of a big chain restaurant! It was a Sunday and they were out of the Koren rice for the omelet but the biscuits and gravy made up for it. This place is very small. If I'm ever in Gainesville again, I will definitely come back.
Went here for breakfast Sunday, good coffee fast service, great food great prices. it still says Kay's on the building but the windows say Country Foodly. Highly recommend.
The gravy was awful.   The bulgogi omelet was great.  The homes fries were great.  Worth the time off the expressway  service was great
We went there this morning with our 2 year old after I read the reviews regarding the Bulgogi omelet. Oh my goodness, it was delicious. The melted swiss cheese gave the rice a creamy consistency, and paired with the bulgogi and sauteed onions (which are almost as sweet as mongolian chicken), I was in heaven. My husband had a sausage and egg bagel sandwich with a side of fluffy pancakes, and thought they were delicious. It was a little bit of a trek to get out here from Jonesville, but was well worth it. We'll definitely be back to try some of the other omelets and even swing by for lunch with such options as fried rice, bento boxes, and other standard fare such as salads and sandwiches. Two thumbs up - definitely stop by!
