Delicious southern soul food in Gainesville, FL? YES! I recently visited Gainesville to attend my cousin's graduation. He is very in tune with his southern roots and loves all things southern, including his cuisine. So when the task came of him finding a restaurant for his graduation dinner, Southern Charm Kitchen it was! We were a large party and had reservations, and thank goodness we did because the restaurant itself is very small. We had a bit of a wait as the large party before us was finishing up, but that gave us time to look over the delicious menu and try and decide what we wanted. When we were finally sat, our server started with drink orders. I was thrilled to see that they do offer wine by the bottle, so we started out with a few reds and a white for the table. Note: They do not sell by the glass, but since we were a large party with a drinking problem, that wasn't an issue! We also put in some appetizer orders to get the party started. I have to say, service was very slow. But, everything is made to order fresh, and it's a small restaurant not used to accommodating multiple large parties. Everyone's meals came out at different times, some appetizers came with the dinners, etc. But, we are laid back and as long as we had wine, we were good! Everyone LOVED the food. It was seriously some amazing stuff. For appetizers, we ordered the fried green tomatoes & goat cheese tart...seriously beyond delicious. We also tried the sweet potato hush puppies which were a big hit at our table. For my meal, I ordered the spicy corn waffle with cajun shrimp. It was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy, and I highly recommend it. Others at my table ordered the shrimp & grits, Dolita's meatloaf revenge, roast chicken with caramel & smoked salt, the cheating pig, etc. I tried most of them and would recommend them all! Overall, everyone left extremely stuffed & satisfied. If you are visiting Gainesville and are in search of southern cuisine, this is the place to go. I can't wait to visit it again!
I frequently visited this establishment when it first opened. I haven't been here in almost a year and I'm highly disappointed. In the beginning, the food was smothered with gravy and the waffles had plenty of syrup. During this visit, it appeared that they used a half-full teaspoon to dish out the gravy and syrup. When we asked for more, we were informed it would be a $2 charge for more. We told them okay and were delivered maybe half an ounce of each. The mashed potatoes tasted like freezer burn and the chicken was gritty and not flavorful at all. I also ordered the cornbread and it came out as hard as a rock. I literally put my fork in and hit something so hard it could bend the fork. I'm disappointed that such a wonderful establishment has gone downhill so badly. I will never return.
Reason for 4 and not 5? Tea was not fresh; probably left over from the day before, and I mean come on....if you're a southern joint you need to get your tea right. Everything else, though, was fantastic. We ordered the sweet potato hush puppies, which were so good! I only wish they had more than 3 in a basket, seems a bit stingy. They weren't light and fluffy like I imagined, definitely need a fork to eat them, but that was certainly not a bad thing. Highly recommended. I got the BBQ pork waffles. The BBQ sauce was SO GOOD. Mostly on the sweet side, but with a good dose of spicy and tangy. Awesome. The waffles were almost Belgian style and there was also a side of syrup. To be honest, I found the syrup mixed with the pork to be kind of odd. I ended up putting the pork on one waffle and kept the other one "traditional", with just syrup. Don't get me wrong, I love chicken and waffles, but I found syrup and BBQ to be an odd combo. They are a bit slow, but they're putting out some delicious food. My recommendation would be to go for lunch so as to avoid a crowd. I'm guessing that they wouldn't be able to handle a slammed kitchen very well. So glad to finally try them; they are definitely filling a sorely needed southern cooking niche, in Gainesville.
Good food. Service Varies. I sat at a table near the counter for several minutes and wasn't acknowledged so I finally ordered at the counter.  The menu has lots of inviting dishes that make you want to eat there over and over. I got the Corn Waffle with Shrimp and Creole Gravy and sides of green beans & cheesy grits. The green beans were loaded with garlic, which I liked. The grits had an earthy flavor I could pinpoint but were very tasty nonetheless. The main dish lived up to the Creole name with a nice kick of spice and plenty of good-size shrimp. They're a bit skimpy with the maple syrup but the stuff is expensive. The food was very good but the wait staff is either lazy or untrained. They were friendly enough but they never noticed or cleaned the mess left on my table by the last guest - and it was messy enough that I couldn't even set my keys or phone on the table. Several tables turned over while I was there and they never wiped down a single one! What kind of slobs are these wait staff? I'm usually a heavy tipper but this time it was just over 15% (instead of my usual 30%) due to the lack of cleanliness. **Update** The next night I went in I was greeted immediately and the service was much better but I was one of only two tables in the whole place. I had the sweet potato hushpuppies and the meatloaf. Both were very good. I slathered the hushpuppies with hot sauce and it really added to the sweet flavor. The meatloaf was tender and very flavorful with a light gravy that was good with anything on the plate.
We ordered 1. Chicken waffles: 4 stars 2. Lemon pepper tofu: 2 stars 3: Hush puppies: I can not rate this item as it was forgotten Decent meal
I went here for two graduation dinners and the food was just amazing. I was with a party of 18 and everyone got something that they were raving about. I had "The Cheating Pig" which is what they call their pulled pork - I have to say it was one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I've ever had. With a side of macaroni and cheese this meal was amazing. I was able to try many other dishes like the Pickled Watermelon Grilled Chicken, the Spicy Chicken Waffles, and the Shrimp and Grits - They were all great. As far as handling big groups, things were slow to come out. People were finishing dishes before other people were getting their food. Overall excellent southern food, some of the best.
Absolutely the best reason to drive in from the highway for a meal. It's was delicious. Fried chicken and meatloaf will make you wish they'd come cook in your home town!
Southern Fried tofu with mushroom gravy, vegan Mac & cheese, sweet fries...who would have thought? Great place, excellent service, vegetarian & vegan dishes that delight the eye, the taste buds, and the mind. Prices were good & portions generous wish they would open in Taos, NM. So good it's almost reason enough to visit G'ville.
Wow!  Very good. Excellent fried chicken, mashed potatoes & gravy, and black-eyed peas. Coworkers said meatloaf and shrimp & grits were very good too.
We really loved the shrimp and waffles. I think the waffles were made from blue corn. This place serves soul food so be prepared to have a defibrillator nearby. I was not crazy about my fish as it was too crunchy. Sweat Tea and Lemonade were homemade and very refreshing. I was able to peek into the kitchen and see how clean everything was. The owner/chef stopped by to check on us and we had a nice chat. There are several cozy seats outside.
You will leave this place full and happy.
Wonderful! Great southern food, huge servings, decent prices...server Stacy was the best! Nice selection of vegan food, 2! Will return w/ my entire office staff soon. Can't wait to try more than the fried chicken, Cheating Pig sandwich,  & sweet potato hush puppies.
This place is out of this world amazing! How I WISH there was something like this down south where I live. Their beverages are fantastic. The lemonade pineapple drink is perfectly balanced and not too sweet. My mom's fried chicken with greens and macaroni and cheese was not only huge in portion size but everything was super tasty. I had the Shrimp Po Boy and although it was a little hard to eat, the shrimp were massive and the taste was great. The mac and cheese was so cheesy and delicious, I could eat that all day. My sister got the beets with grits and greens. She loved her meal. We also started with the sweet potato hush puppies.... damn good!!! If I lived in Gainesville, I would come here weekly, without a doubt!
Two words...Go there! More words...fried chicken was great, black eyed peas were the best I've ever had, and service was very good. Coming back soon to try the meatloaf.
Being born and raised in Southern California, I was a bit unsure of how I would like the whole Southern-comfort-food-thing, but I'm always up to trying new things.  I first heard of Southern Charm Kitchen when Ken Peng of Ken Eats Gainesville raved about this place and I figured if one Asian dude loves it, I may too.   The ambiance was really cute and certainly had some charm...no pun intended.  Our waitress, Barbara, was great!  Very nice, knowledgable, and not pushy...what more can you ask for?!?! I noticed that about 90% of the patrons were consuming lemonade in mason jars and so, I too, ordered the Lemon Squall.  It was fantastic!  A bit on the sweet side with a kick of tartiness.  I loved it so much that Barbara gave me a cup to go! My only complaint would be we waited a bit for our food (1PM on a Sunday), but it was DEFINITELY worth the wait.  We ordered: - Fried green tomato and goat cheese tart - Spicy corn waffle with cajun shrimp - Southern Sea Po' Boy w/ mac and cheese - Roast chicken with caramel and smoked salt w/corn succotash and black eyes peas We were all very happy with our food and the portion sizes were so large that we all took home leftovers.  I would definitely recommend this place and will be writing to Guy Fieri of Triple D!
This place needs more reviews.  This is definitely a gem in Gainesville! The fried chicken here was the most moist fried chicken I have ever had.  Can you imagine chicken, where you actually enjoy the meat more than the skin?  It goes something like that... The sides were delicious also.  I would recommend the corn bread.  Absolutely moist corn bread.  Also, the black eyed peas w/ pork was delicious.   The service here was impeccable also.  I definitely felt the southern hospitality.  Definitely worth a meal spent here.
Saturday for brunch was easy in easy out - the wait staff is awesome!  Great sweet tea!  Had the Pentecostal Fried Chicken Sandwich and was so glad I got it as it was delicious without being greasy or too rich.  Everything we had was fresh - my son had the broiled chicken breast with mac and cheese and mashed potatoes, and the chicken was tender, melt-in-your-mouth juicy.  The Mac n' Cheese?  It deserves capital letters because it is just that delicious.  "Legendary," I think I heard someone say in reference to it.  The wait person was very genial and helpful, very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  I will definitely be going back there - can't stop thinking about how good that Mac n' Cheese was!  Yow!
How much do I love thee??? This is def a little charm! The menu is outstanding. They put a twist on everything from chicken and waffles to meatloaf. The staff was amazing and they have a great sleection of wines and exotic beers. I loved the fact that there was a very diverse group of patrons. Corporate guys and gals, trendsetters, foodies, and your everyday locals. The chef came out a few times to check on us and ask our opinion on the food. It was a very lovely experience and the food is beyond words! PLEASE try the sweet potato hushpuppies, wings, pickled greens, and the sweet cornbread! Also, treat yourself to a Lemonade Julip! Free refills!
This was an amazing meal. I had the Pentecostal fried chicken with mashed potatoes and corn bread. My son had Catfish and my husband the BBQ Goat. All the meals were outstanding. Fresh, flavorful and so good you could not stop eating them. That said, I probably won't eat there for a long time. As much as I enjoyed it, I couldn't help but feel this was not part of a healthy diet.
If you are in the area do yourself a favor and eat here. You won't be disappointed. I love love love the cornbread waffles and the pickled greens! Southern cooking at its finest!
This place is excellent.  I have visited twice and both times the quality of the food and the service have been top-notch.   First visit I had the Fried Chicken and Waffles, which I originally thought wouldn't be all that...   Boy was I wrong!  That chicken was excellent and the waffles are really great.   On my second visit my wife had the Goat dish and I had the Ox tail.  Both tasted really nice and were obviously fresh (recently came off the range).  The only complaint I have was the ox tail was 60% fat (which is kind of normal to ox tail, not the cook's fault) and the pieces were kind of small.  But all was fresh and the server was very kind to my family....   So, I vote to overlook the fat on the tail. I will definitely be going back as often as I can.  There are a number of dishes on the Menu I still want to try.
I love this place.  Last night, however, was not a good experience.  Took a group of friends, some of whom had never been.  Our tour through the menu started with "we no longer serve this, this, and this," and "we're out of this, this, and this."  Okay, good to know.  Everyone orders (during which we got more lists of what was not available) and is enjoying a nice night waiting patiently for our meals.  They come out very slowly and not at all together (two members of the group were almost done before the next plates came out), and in the midst of food being delivered, one of us is told, "oh, we're so sorry, but we don't have what you ordered, can we substitute something else?"  Not good at a place where the food is already quite slow to come out, and that resulted in someone ordering something he had no desire to eat just because he needed to get something the kitchen could pull together relatively fast.   Will we be back?  Sure.  Will we ever come in a large group, or invite people who haven't yet tried it?  Not sure.  It's very disappointing to tell friends how much you love the food somewhere only to have a debacle like last night occur.  SCK needs to fix the menu - if you don't offer items any more, don't advertise them.  If you regularly run out of well-liked items (hello, meat loaf), then keep them off the menu and offer them as specials.  And the moment you figure out that you can't fulfill someone's order, tell them immediately, not when 5 out of 8 plates are already on the table.  None of this was our server's fault - she was very gracious with us.  This was clearly a management problem, and I hope that we won't have to experience this again.
Seriously good vegetarian options at a southern kitchen style restaurant? What?!?What a pleasant surprise. I came here on the suggestion of my B&B innkeeper and so glad I did! I had BBQ black-eyed pea tempeh, smashed potatoes (no gravy) and fresh green beans....it was to die for! BBQ is so balanced...sweet with a bit of spicy. Delicious!! I took it to-go and paired it with a glass of Cabernet. Yum!! As for the waiting time....do you really want to eat the food at a place where you get seated in 5 mins? :) Yeah, I didn't think so. This place is small but not tiny and was very busy! Totally worth the 25-ish mins I waited for my to-go order.
Due to their location, I only come to eat at Southern Charm on occasion. For my health, this is a good thing. They are off Hawthorne Rd, near where the county keeps all of the school buses. It's a small place that I believe the GCRA helped out with as a redevelopment project. If you're coming from Gainesville it's easy to drive by and miss it because their sign is facing the other direction, so start looking for it right past the split in University Ave. Parking here can be a problem since their parking lot is small. I was unclear if it was okay to park in the grass around their building, so some signage could help. Arrive early to avoid the dinner/lunch rush and get a spot easily. From friends and other reviewers I've heard that they've had some issues with their service, but my visits must have occurred on nights where they were running a tight ship. My last visit recently was on a Friday night, and the place didn't have an empty table. They had three waitresses working, despite such a small space. This really helped keep things moving, and is good for both the customer and for the business as they can turn a table quicker. It gave me the impression that the owner is looking to improve where there are weaknesses. If you couldn't tell by the name, they serve southern style food here, which means you need to embrace the calories and not even bother trying to order based on what's healthiest. You can't eat like this everyday, but it's okay to splurge every now and then, right? Almost all of the food I've tried here is very rich and very sweet. Things are a little too sweet for my taste, actually. I don't think there's one thing on the menu where sugar doesn't play an important part (diabetics beware!). One place where the sugar is overkill is their cornbread (really it's corncake). It's even too sweet as a dessert item with the syrup that goes over it. It might just be that I grew up on southern style cornbread, and don't prefer the northern variety. The best dishes I've tried here are the fried catfish and the shrimp and grits. Even if you're not a fish fan, give the catfish a try. It's the best fried catfish I've eaten anywhere. The shrimp and grits were surprisingly restrained in a good way. The fried chicken was the first item I tried here and the last I'd recommend. Too much oil stuck around in the batter, and the chicken I received was more bone than meat. All of the sides I've tried have been great. The black eyed peas are wonderful, with the sugar working in their flavor, I mean favor. They've also nailed the mac & cheese, which, for some reason, is something other places struggle with. In short, here are my directions for a great dinner at Southern Charm: 1] Arrive at 5:30 to find a parking spot 2] Don't order a sweet drink; there will be plenty of sugar coming in the food 3] Order fried catfish with a side of black eyed peas and mac & cheese 4] Take an antacid 5] Next take another antacid 6] Do all this again in a month, no sooner.
Wow, wow, wow! This place is pretty amazing. I had the roast chicken, dark meat, with a caramel, sea salt...so moist and tasty. My choice of sides were Mac and cheese and okra with tomato with bacon...yummy! Finished it off with home made coconut cake. So satisfying! All for 22 bucks.
This is my favorite place to eat in Gainesville, and the first time my boyfriend and I ate here we went twice in the same day (it was not a healthy decision, but it was an awesome one). I personally think the barbecue pork and waffles is the best thing on the menu. The barbecue sauce is a little spicy, and is cooked perfectly. The cornbread waffle and maple syrup are a perfect pair, and a little sweet. I also really love the sea salt caramalized roast chicken. The glaze is savory and amazing, and the chicken is cooked perfectly. This meal (like most entrees, except the waffle combinations) comes with two sides. I've never really had a bad experience with sides, but my favorites are the cornbread (sweet glaze on top), green beans (sprinkled with parmesan and sauteed in garlic), or the mashed potatoes (objectively great). The cajun fries are REALLY doused in their cajun salt/sugar mix, so be aware that it might be a little much. Also, the only alcoholic beverage options are the house wines and a few craft beers, each of which is flavored (strawberry, blueberry, banana, etc.). I think the only suggestion I'd have is that they expand those options a bit, and include some less pricy beers.   On an appetizer note, the sweet potato and shrimp hush puppies are amazing. I've only had an appetizer once or twice, because portions are humongous and I don't want to die. The owner/chef often comes out to chat, and the wait staff are super nice. Service can actually be a little slow, but I personally think that once your food comes you forget about it.
Came for a celebration with a party of 12. Had great friendly and warm service. It was prompt and appropriate for the size of the place. Small kitchen lots of love and huge flavor!! Great portions... Come here you have too!!! The tomato goat cheese tart... Amazing and the hopin johns to die for !!!
Great blend of Vegan and Non-vegan options.  Great place for families who need both. Can't wait to go back. Maybe tonight!!!!
First time patron I had Pentecostal fried chicken with cheese grits and greens. Custom cooked chicken. Chicken: tasty, juicy, but not z very impressive coating. May have had some cayenne in the flour. Pretty good, but definitely not "the most unforgettable chicken I have ever tasted" they should also have told me it was boneless. Cheese grits: good. Enough said. Pickled greens: I should have known from the title that they weren't collards as the waitress said. But I was certain when I spotted the chunks of turnip. So mixed greens. Still, if u like greens, they were good. Negative: I asked for a taste of the pickled watermelon. I was told I couldn't have a taste because they are in a jar and they would give to open it. I wonder what they would do if my order came with? Do I get the whole jar? Good comfort food, but not exciting. But then it shouldn't be rich and luxurious, and elaborate. It's supposed to be friendly and inviting and it is.
O Southern Charm, how I love thee, let me count the ways. Seriously, the food gets better and better as time progresses So parking sucks and on weekend evenings you should make a reservation Everything is good. The hibiscus raspberry tea & pineapple lemonade are on point (and free refills!) The country fried seitan, chicken & waffles meatloaf, vegan Mac & cheese are all delicious.   Thought the pimiento cheese board was kind of small for the price and I wasn't a fan of the BBQ goat, but that was more of a personal taste thing (I'm picky about my BBQ flavors) I really like this place because it's like the top in that it has something for everyone: vegan, vegetarian, carnivore, seafood enthusiast, soul food lover, whatever so you can bring a group of people and worry about dietary restrictions way less
Delish!  Nice, clean and new looking restaurant.  I ordered 3 sides:  okra with tomatoes and bacon, succotash and black eyed peas.  I am a succotash snob and this was excellent!  The okra was a bit spicy, but very good.  My friends had meatloaf with mashed potatoes and ox tails.  Everyone loved their choices.  They have vegetarian and vegan options.  All portions were huge.  Next time we are in town, we'll be stopping in.
let me start off i really wanted to like this place, its in a part of town that could use a boost. me and my two kids came on a saturday morning and we were the first ones in the door that day. a good thing too because by the time we left, parties of would-be diners were lining up out the door. my observations: kids meals are side dishes from the adult menu (same price - nothing special). i got the penticostal chicken sandwich and fries - it was just ok. i wanted to get one of the waffle dishes but somehow the waffle toaster was down. i got for my kids mac and cheese and corn bread. mac and cheese is the oldy timey baked kind. it was ok but not what my kids are used to so they kinda passed on that. our corn bread is soaked in honey - YUM! best part of the meal. we drank lemon squal (quite good lemonaid with some pineapple juice) and sweet tea (which was also good) price for lunch for one adult and two kids was $30ish after tip, a bit steep if you ask me for what we got. might give it one more chance and if that doesn't work out i'm going to the yearling in cross creek for my southern cuisine cravings.
Southern Charm is a wonderful concept to make "Gainesville Friendly" food for the soul.  Gainesville Friendly means that local ingredients are often used, and that there are vegetarian and vegan items.  Because, if you are not aware, Gainesville is in fact Portland, OR in a parallel universe.   On top of that, I will probably get a pecan pie in the face for this, but the menu reminds of me something you would see created by Robert Irvine on an Episode of Restaurant Impossible.  Which is a good thing, based on New American cuisine standards. Being Gainesville Friendly comes with a price, however.  But, the portions are enough for two meals on the meat based dishes.  I cannot speak for Vegan or Veg because I am a dirty-dirty carnivore.  The appetizers are very small for the price you pay, so you might just want to stick with the entrees.  The Mac and Cheese is perfect, and better than homemade.   I hope they succeed in an economy where the only people that make over minimum wage are high ranking UF administration and healthcare professionals.
Food is great! Sweet potato hush puppies are must!  I always get the Pentecostal Chicken, I love it. The Lemon Squall is very refreshing.   Last few times service has been a little on the slow side but the blues music playing makes the wait go by fast.   Great local place!!
Love love love this place ! Best fried chicken I've ever had. The dark meat is super moist and juicy. The sides are great, beans mac and cheese and mash potatoes are bomb. I m planning to try it the oxtsil tonight looking forward to it
Oh, man, this was good. I'm not a vegetarian and look askance at restaurants that offer things like vegan mac & cheese, assuming that it means they can't handle their meat. However, there was plenty of delicious pork in the black eyed peas, and my catfish was seasoned and cooked perfectly. Everyone I was with ordered the fried chicken and they all devoured it so quickly that I didn't get to try any.  I also got the non-vegan mac & cheese which was good, but next time I might just double up on the aforementioned peas, or get a piece of the amazing cornbread. Seriously, that cornbread is so rich it should be a dessert. I love that they offer free refills on their pineapple-lemonade. The service was friendly, if a little slow. Parking is weird, but I'm learning that's fairly typical of Gainesville.
Love the soul food, down home cookin'.  Thankfully, I have only ordered pick up from this place so far, so I haven't had to deal with the small space or long wait times as other people have mentioned. So far I've tried the country fried chicken (AMAZING), ribs (fall off the bone) and the wings (basic and delicious).  I really appreciate the love that goes into the cooking... the owners seem to have put a lot of thoughfulness into the restaurant.  The menu has specifications for vegan and vegetarian items, which seems like a great idea. If you have a chance to, definitely come here!
A little out of the way, but getting there is half the fun. I have only been one time but was very impressed and will be back. The decor is clever but reminded me of restaurant you would see on an episode of Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares after they renovate it, a little to picturesque. However, when all you have to complain about it that the restaurant looks too good... Now for the food. My girlfriend and I stated with the sweet potato hush puppies and WOW! They had corn kernels in side them and a brown sugar glaze outside. They were awesome! I was being boring and simply got a veggie burger and fries. The burger was just you average veggie burger but the fries stole the show. They have a cajun seasoning with cinnamon and brown sugar that gives it a unique flavor that you can't get enough of. Now for my girlfriend. She got the Chicken and Waffles. Incredible. The chicken has a great marinade and is seasoned perfectly and the waffles were tasty and huge. I absolutely will be going back and hope that everyone gives them a chance.
I liked this place. The building is very nice and I loved the mason jar light fixtures. The service was wonderful and very "southern hospitality" style. The food was good but not fantastic. The seafood fritters were good but an accompanying sauce would have been nice. I had the fried chicken and waffles. The waffle was great and maple sauce was too, but the chicken batter was not crispy or flavorful enough for my taste. I would still definitely go back and try some other menu items that peaked my interest.
Cracker Barrel, if the barrel were full of crack. Love this place. This is classic southern food that goes straight to the soul.
Wish we could have dined here Saturday 1:30p Southern Charm has like 8 parking spots, not to mention its small inside, and was full. So 3 stars for now will try again later.
Yummy food, GREAT customer service. The name basically says it all. The menu is what you would except from a southern food restaurant. Good quality food, too.
The Pentecostal Chicken, the cornbread, the okra and tomatoes, everything I've had here was excellent! I have eaten here several times with friends and each time has been one of my best restaurant experiences. Delicious and home-cooked food, friendly and authentic service, excellent value, and great flavored beer!
Can't say enough great things about this establishment. I had the meatloaf with the black eyed peas and the pickled greens. My wife had the Pentecostal fried chicken with her sides being the black eyed peas and the mac and cheese. Both hit the spot. Can't wait to go back.
So I am returning, as I said I would, after giving it a final chance.  I stated clearly in my last review that the poor experience I had last time simply could NOT be the regular way things went, and my suspicions were correct.  I will now conduct a fully updated review of Southern Charm Kitchen. The Space: SCK is located on the east side of Main St., relatively far from anyone who would normally stay near campus.  The building is deceptively small and there are no real indicators that you have found the right place unless you come from the northeast (unlike many, who would probably be coming from the west), in which case they have a sign which shows you have found the Southern Charm Kitchen.  Parking is limited in a major way, so when they hit their rush hours expect to be parking street-side and walking a little bit. If the parking were not a sign of it, the seating capacity clearly indicates they are more popular than their building can really accommodate for.  Expect to wait if you go anywhere near lunch or dinner time for a spot to get your grub on.  With this visit in particular we actually made reservations, since we had a special occasion's worth of people (10 in total). The Food: You are welcome to read my previous review if you want to understand the full spectrum of my experiences, but this one will be fair and balanced unlike that one, which went so wrong I knew it was an outlier and needed revisiting. For this visit, the items I ordered/sampled were: Appetizers: fried green tomato and goat cheese tart, black-eyed pea fritters, sweet potato hush puppies Entree/Sides: My meal: Meat loaf with okra and vegan mac and cheese Sampled items: -Ox tail -Sorghum Ribs -Mac and Cheese -Chicken and waffles -BBQ Goat -Salt/Caramel chicken As far as the appetizers go, I really enjoyed them all.  The fritters come out really hot and crispy, though a tad dry (as such, they pair really well with hot sauce).  Sweet potato hush puppies are almost a dessert item, coming with a sugary glaze and having the natural sweetness of the potato combined.  I think the winner overall for me is definitely the tart, as it was fairly large and fluffy with a very delicious blend of savory and richness, though not the easiest item for sharing since it comes in a single large square. For the sides, I think the traditional mac and cheese definitely stands tall amongst the rest of the items, especially in comparison to the vegan version I ordered for myself.  The dairy-laden version is nice and creamy, smooth and, most importantly, tastes like it was made from scratch.  With the vegan version, you get the noodles mixed with tofu bits (to attempt to recreate the creamy texture of cheese) and perhaps even a hint of cinnamon.  Warm they were decent, but when returning I will definitely be sticking to the real-deal dairy version.  The okra was pretty nice (a blend of bacon, tomato and okra, really), but a touch on the salty side for me. And finally the entrees:  the meatloaf I had is most definitely the best meatloaf I have ever eaten, as I was hoping when I took the gamble of ordering something so easy to make poorly.  You can see visible bits of vegetables within it, but none were undercooked or lacking the flavor of the meat, which was nicely seasoned and savory.  Would definitely get this again.  The chicken and waffles are a go-to and it seems as though they are made effortlessly to taste incredible.  Waffle is fluffy and flavorful, chicken is crispy and juicy, and the maple gravy gives the right blend of sweet for the savory that the meal provides.  You will not be disappointed.  The last item I really thought was worth getting again was the rib meal.  The sauce on the ribs was really tasty and with a moderate and appropriate kick to it.  Tender meat with a textured outer char that, to me, makes for a really well-prepared rib. On the lesser end I found the ox tail a little lacking in overall flavor, though it was tender and juicy nonetheless.  The salt/caramel chicken's flavor was only surface level, having no real penetration into the meat itself which I found disappointing.  Finally the BBQ goat had a strange taste to it, almost resembling dirt.  The sauce that coated it saved it for me, because otherwise I would have been really unhappy with that item. The Service: We had a party of 10 with a reservation made a whole 24 hours in advance and, when we arrived, had to wait ~20 minutes for the tables to be ready.  Not too bad considering we were ~ 1/4th of the total amount of people they can feasibly serve in that space.   The appetizers were out within 10 minutes and the meals came within ~30 minutes of that.  The only consistent fault for service is when it comes to refills.  Between the mason jars for cups and they using small carafes instead of pitchers for their water, you have to really insist on refills. Final Thoughts: SCK is an above-average place to get soul food, so long as you have patience.
Tried for the first time at lunch today. Had high expectations but felt the meal was average. Had the BBQ goat with macaroni and cheese and corn bread. Goat was ok, Mac and cheese very good, corn bread was dry. Wife had fried catfish, which was very good, with cheese grits and black-eye peas. Grits very good, peas were ok. Tea, both sweet and unsweetened, was very good. Felt prices were a bit high for what we had but wait staff very friendly and attentive. Was definitely full when we left. The desserts looked amazing but we were to full to try them. Will go back to try some of the other menu items and hopefully improve the rating I am giving it today. Saw some of the dishes other diners were having and they looked amazing. Fried chicken and waffles the collard green and pork chops. Should have tried one if those but went for something I do not eat often. I do recommend this restaurant and will be back.
Amazing vegetarian selection! Delicious cornbread and don't leave without trying the sweet potato hush puppies. I had the hopping john and it was good with the cornbread and Mac and cheese which was amazing.
Pleased to see Southern Charm Kitchen go into a great building that I have admired since it's completion.  A modern diner with bright lighting. The menu is fresh and creative.  Wanted to try Fried chicken and waffles since hearing about this bizarre combination.  Must confess, I am not a huge fried chicken fan.  The Pentacostal Fried chicken was great,  but the waffle was boring and spongy. Maybe drenched in syrup it would have come together.  I still don't get it. I look forward to going back and trying other items
Hands down the best fried chicken I have ever eaten!  I got the Chicken and Waffles and my Husband got the oxtail.  You know that we are happy with our food when the table goes silent.   I was incredibly impressed with the look and feel of the building.  The little garden outside was a really neat touch.  We are always critical of the sweet tea at restaurants, but theirs was phenomenal.  The wait staff was courteous and on point despite the fact that they were completely packed.  I really have no negative comments for this restaurant.
Fantastic southern food. We had the sweet potato hush puppies, waffle with cajun shrimp, country fried seitan, and apple dumpling for dessert. The country fried seitan had a funny texture to it, but the everything else was great! I was hesitant about ordering the waffle and cajun shrimp, but I was extremely happy I did. We would definitely recommend this place.
Friday night so getting the five of us (2 adults, 3 kids age 6, 6, 2) seated in 10 minutes is already a great start. Husband got the pecan beer and I got the coconut limeade (or something like that) - both were delicious. For appetizers we got the black-eyed pea fritters, three giant crispy well-seasoned fritters for $3, and the crab board. I could have easily had the crab board as my dinner, not necessarily for size but for the many different little things to try - fish dip, crackers, arugula Caesar salad, fried pickles, and a fried soft shell crab -all wonderful. For dinner we got the pork chop, fried chicken (boneless), ribs, macaroni and cheese, mashed potato, yellow rice, black eyed peas, okra. Everything was hot, delicious, and very big portions for the price. The only things that were a little plain were the yellow rice and mashed potato but the kids loved them that way. Speaking of kids, the place was loud enough that the noise from mine went unnoticed but this place also wasn't obnoxious like a bar. The staff is friendly, knowledgable and they are working hard to get that food timed and out right. The owner checked on us a couple of times and that was a nice touch. I honestly can't wait to go again.
Food was great. Wife had chicken and waffle and I had Pentecostal Chicken with mash potatoes and Mac and cheese. No complaints here. Nice atmosphere. Would def recommend it to people. They do take credit cards, big plus.
Terrific southern cuisine. The meatloaf was the best rendition I have ever tasted. Fried chicken, ditto. Great sides.
Oh. Man. A couple months after we moved here, we decided we needed to try "real" Southern food (restaurants in DC are tasty but upscale-Southern). It's a small space with limited parking, but the service is extremely friendly and accomodating, the portions are insane, and the food is just beautiful. Very little about the fare is particularly healthful, but with careful ordering, you can work around being a total glutton. Not that you necessarily should. Dolita's meatloaf revenge is the most insanely delectable meatloaf I've ever put in my face. The sorghum ribs truly do fall off the bone and are slathered in a molasses-thick sauce. It is a little on the sweet side, so spicy barbecue-lovers might not be such a fan. Also give a whirl to the bizarre-sounding roast chicken with caramel and sea salt. The caramel doesn't make the chicken taste sweet, but it brings out the flavor and adds a really nice complexity that's difficult to describe. Try the raspberry hibiscus iced tea. I'm not a huge fan of sweetened teas with dinner, but this was so refreshing I could have sipped on it all night. Some day I hope to finish dinner with actual room for dessert! I should also note that we came here once with friends who have two young daughters (3 and 15 months). The staff was great about accomodating the wee ones!
The one great thing about this place is that it is consistently good! Im tired of going to restaurants in this town where the food is hit or miss. Southern Charm will never disappoint! I always come out in a semi food coma. Mmmm those roasted beets are so good. Try the cornbread. And the ribs. And the whole rest of the menu. One thing I would love to see is a better selection of beers. Maybe even some Swamphead?
Don't miss this place. If you like southern food, you need to try it. If you don't like southern food, you still must try it. Some friends and I tried to come up with a good description. We came up with 'creative southern cuisine' and 'southern avant garde.' Whatever the description, it is really good with a number of interesting dishes.   There aren't many places one can have a glass of red wine with their southern fired chicken and turnip greens. This is one and it is all really good.
We had a wonderful Sunday lunch today- started with the fried green tomato goat cheese tart. It was tangy and buttery and very tasty. We ordered Cajun shrimp and waffles, goat BBQ and the pork BBQ waffles. All three were good solid dishes. The only down side was the timing of the plates one dish came out way ahead of the other two, which made the two plateless people a little jealous. Good service and good food- and we are planning a return visit.
As far as southern food goes it gets it right. The food is hot and fresh and the portions are large. Their cornbread is good, and their sweet tea will put you in a diabetic coma. Fried chicken has a great taste. The price is a little high for a small family but you will not regret it after tasting the food.
Good food in good atmosphere. Hush puppies were amazing. Chicken very good and sides excellent. A lot of attention to detail on menu. Service a little slow and floor very slippery thus only 3 stars.
I wish I could give more stars based upon just the food, but I have to let others know about the service. We arrived on Friday Feb. 21st around 7:30 and found a seat right away. The girl that seated us gave us menu's and fled. The place was not crowded and we could tell that 3 to 4 girls were waiting on the customers. We were walked past several times in 15 minutes. We normally would not have sat for so long before walking out, but the BF was very hungry and everywhere else we had driven past had a wait. So we sat......Finally someone came to our table and took our  drink order. By this time we knew EXACTLY what we wanted, but were just so excited to just be getting drinks. She came back and we started to give our order. She said after we would mention some item, "out of", for almost 5 items. Really??? What do you have then?? We ordered the sweet potato hush puppies, which were really like mashed sweet potatoes balled up and deep fried. They were very good, but not like a hush puppie at all. We also had the blackeyed pea cake, which were a little bland. Thank goodness our entrees rocked! I had the Spicy waffle with Cajun shrimp-delicious and spicy and the BF had the Pentecostal fried chicken with okra and tomatoes and blackeye peas. The chicken was perfectly breaded and fried crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. We will try them out again and hopefully get better service the next time. I have high hopes!
Fantastic Southern food with a contemporary edge, great vegetarian options and friendly service ... all at reasonable prices!   So far I have had the Meatloaf, Hoppin John Vegge dish and the Caramel Salt Roast Chicken - all were delicious ... not to forget the coconut mint julep  and the sweet potato hush puppies... original and amazing !!! Yum :)
From comfort warm wood settings comes great food. I had fried green tomato tart and bbq goat with greens and black-eyed peas. Everything had a nice complimentary seasoning to it and the ice tea was nice.
Tried it again twice!  Went pimento burger and meatloaf!  Goodness, that is good stuff!  Cheese grits are amazing. A generous friend at the table let me try the soup of the day: chicken corn chowder. I should have gotten the soup as my whole meal. It was amazing. I've never had to wait, as some reviews have mentioned. If I did, it would be worth it!  Don't miss in East Gainesville.
Excellent food, super friendly servers, nice atmosphere.  I've been here several times and have had a great experience each visit!
I took my grandparents and boyfriend here today and we had a truly wonderful experience. Our waitress was excellent, extremely friendly and helpful. It being our first time, we had some questions about the menu and she answered all of them patiently and with great knowledge. The restaurant itself had a nice, quaint atmosphere. The dining room was decorated with antique kitchen utensils and our drinks were served in mason jars. My family ordered the meatloaf, bacon cheeseburger, and chicken and waffles. Every one was more than satisfied with their meal. As for me, I ordered the roast chicken dish and was genuinely impressed by how tender, juicy, and well seasoned the meat was. After some consideration, I'd say it was the best roasted chicken I have had in my entire life. One of the best things, however, was the amount of entrees and sandwiches on the menu, despite the small space. There seems to be something for everyone, they even have a decent vegan menu, although I am far from an expert on vegan dishes. The prices ranged from around 8 to 12 dollars and the serving sizes (and quality) are more than worth the amount. The only downside to our experience was that they had run out of multiple menu items. But with the multitude of options, it hardly affected my opinion of the restaurant over all. I will most definitely be returning, it has made it onto my list of best restaurants in Gainesville. I would recommend South Charm Kitchen to any and everyone.
Hubby and I were so excited to try their good out. Got a table immediately when we came at 7:15pm on a Friday. Server came and took orders so that was nice. While waiting for our order, we took note of the place. not too bad at all. Place and decor were decent. 8 o'clock came and still no food. There were 3 tables ahead of us who also were waiting for food. 8:30 came and server approached me that side i ordered is out. Really, after all this time waiting? Food finally arrived 8:50. Yes, an hour and a half wait. My husband was so mad he wanted to walk out but I talked him into staying. We ordered Fried chicken which was over fried since it was too hard. We were really disappointed by the experience.
A nice little local  place, so I really wanted to like it more. A nice little decor for the location and the staff was very friendly and helpful. So why the 3 stars? It's all about the food. I thought I was playing it "safe" and went with the Pentacostal Fried Chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, and the sugar/cajun fries. First, I have to comment on the menu. Diverse and a lot of interesting items I'd still like to try, but no place called "Southern Charm" or credited with "soul food" (which is a term I hate) should have anything vegan, let alone an entire section. Given that and based on the mashed potatoes, the "Southern Charm" is definitely a credit to their friendliness and not their food. The mashed potatoes were completely flavorless and even the gravy, average at best, couldn't save them. No self-respecting Southern restaurant should serve mashed potatoes out of a box or bag. There is no doubt these were not fresh potatoes. In fact, they had no potato flavor at all, nor were they even seasoned. The fries definitely needed that sugar/cajun seasoning because they would have otherwise been horrid small shoe-string fries (another no-no in my book). The chicken was pretty good, but I'm still a little disappointed. I didn't expect it to be boneless, but that was fine. One piece was small, flat, and tough. The other was a good sized breast and juicy. A nice, light batter that fried up well. But the gravyish topping they put on it ruins the crispy batter by making it soggy. It had a good flavor, but I want that crunch in my fried chicken. If you consider this southern cooking, you're either not from the south or not from a southern family. I have to say that for a $12 lunch, it was pretty disappointing. A lack of flavor and execution in even the most basic sides combined with a higher than ideal price for a lunch will make it difficult for me to go back and try the other items I thought were appealing.
This should have been a better review. Traveling thru FL from MI looking for a regular "from scratch southern comfort" food, and based on reviews, this appeared to be the spot. The Pentecostal fried chicken, gravy, & mashed potatoes each fantastic. Cornbread a bit bland, but acceptable. Shrimp slightly disappointing, nothing special, but grits were outstanding. The problems: Noticed (while waiting approx 30 min for our food...1h 15m total time from order to exit) nearby table eating, except for 1 person, whose food came much later. When our food finally came, we were also short a meal for one..."it'll be out shortly". When the final plate finally came out, everyone at our table was finished eating...except for that person who didn't start because they had no food. Waitress just shrugged it off, and mumbled "we get busy sometimes" or something to that affect, tho they we approx 60% full. There were no options for kids, just got a side of Mac & cheese, which wasn't enough for a meal for a 9 year old. Also, they were out of ribs, root beer, & coke. Southern comfort food without Southern hospitality. This place COULD be so much more.
Southern Charm is a new restaurant brought to you by the owner's from Reggae Shack located on the Eastside of town, though not too far.  It has been in development for about 2 years and has been supported by the City of Gainesville in a "revitalization" effort. First off the interior is well done. The seating area is smaller than Reggae Shack, but there is room for a decent amount of patio seating potential which I'm sure they will tap into once things start to get going more. There are dark, stained wooden tables, surrounded by an effort to harness the energy of the South in the decor. This includes old-timey vintage farming and agriculture tools on the walls and mason jars as light fixtures. I'm into it. This also includes some really really good blues music that was playing on the opening day, which sadly was not playing the second time I went. Hopefully that was just an oversight because it added to the experience. The menu is very inventive. It would be fair to call Southern Charm a mutated franchise of Reggae Shack and that would be no insult. They are to me the master's of the deep fry, which prepares them well for a soul food menu. Everything on the menu goes a step beyond expectations. From burgers like the Pimento Cheeseburger (with carmelized onions and fried pickles), to entrees like Roast Chicken w/ Caramel and Smoked Salt, to Cornbread Waffles w/ bbq pulled pork, to Spicy Peach Glazed Wings, to appetizers like Sweet Potato Hush Puppies, all the way down to the soups and drinks (including a Coconut Mint Julip), it is one of the most exciting and accessible menu's I've ever encountered. I have mad respect for Owner Omar Oselimo, both as a head chef and as an entrepreneur. Reggae Shack has some of the most delicious and consistent food in town with a concept that is fun and rootsy without being overdone. When we arrived on opening day, Omar greeted us warmly yet told us that as this was their opening, the menu was still in "draft stage." I definitely felt that in the food on the first visit. I had the Country Fried Tofu (expecting something more like slabs of tofu breaded and fried), but was surprised when I got something that looked more like hush puppies. There was a mix of tofu and other ingredients, but it was hard to taste the tofu in it. That said it was still very good and the second time around  (4 days later) indeed it had more of a tofu consistency. My girlfriend had the BBQ Black Eyed Tempeh, which is a blend of soybeans and blackeyed pea that I'm almost certain is locally sourced and organic. I am extremely pleased with the choice of using a blend to cut down on soy. The bbq sauce was made with sorghum, which is very unique and adds an earthiness to the sauce. However the first time around the bbq sauce was not as bold flavor wise as one would expect, but it was still a good dish that I'm sure will be adjusted over time. You get a choice of 2 sides (there's alot of good choices). We both got the Vegan Mac n Cheese, which was perhaps the only disappointment for us. Even considering that it was a rough draft,  the noodles were a little too al dente for what I like in mac n cheese and the sauce was not creamy. It seems they are using a processed veggie cheese and my partner kept repeating that it reminded her of a boxed mac n cheese. However the Okra and Tomatoes were delicious. The second time they  (as expected) were way more on top of its game. I got the Pickled Watermelon Tofu. The pickled watermelon was perfectly seasoned, not too vinegary, not too sweet, and the watermelon rind was succulent and almost melted in my mouth. The tofu was well fried and served as a delicious vehicle for the watermelon. This is instantly my new favorite dish in town. I savored every bite and shared it with the rest of the table to everyone's delight. My friends both got the Country Fried Tofu, which as I mentioned was much improved over the previous effort. My one criticism with this dish is that it is dry and is begging for something to dip it in. For sides I got pickled greens which seemed to me were just collard greens. They were tasty, I just didn't get the pickle flavor (perhaps because of the watermelon pickles). I also got the yellow rice which was sticky and flavorful. Beware that the food may take a while for now, which I don't mind. But I could have used some good music for the wait the second time! Like Reggae Shack, Southern Charm is one of the most solidly conceptualized menus in town that appeals to meat lovers, vegetarians, and vegans alike. Most importantly its from the heart. The creativity,  value, and novelty I would say is unmatched in Gainesville and with the music I was transported not to another time, but more like what Gainesville should be NOW as many of us feel like food here is lagging behind the potential that it holds. Already the flavors are taking shape and I expect that soon I will have to update this to a higher ranking. Definitely a strong 4 stars!
We were looking for something new to try in Gainesville last week and I remembered an overheard (and enthusiastic) conversation about Southern Charm so decided to give it a try.  Our experience there was fantastic!  Our server was very personable, prompt, and provided great recommendations.  The food was amazing!  We started off with the sweet potato hush puppies and loved every bite.  This was followed by our entrees, the meat loaf, chicken and a waffle, and the vegetarian Hoppin' John.  Each dish was delicious and I'd love to know how they achieved so much flavor in the vegetarian Hoppin' John dish!  Wish we would have left room for dessert but just couldn't manage it as all three of us ate every bite of our entrees!
Limited parking but good food and great service!
If you're looking for old school soul in Gainesville -- like Mom's used to be in the Fifth Ave district -- this is not it. SCK is kind of like hers, but the food has been yuppified, modernized, and introduced by an entirely new generation. Not that that's bad, just that it's way different from what we expected. The wait staff was friendly and well trained, though we arrived after the rush and had to find our own menus, dinnerware, and a paper towel from the bathroom to wipe off the table. No one noticed. We ordered the Pentecostal fried chicken and roast chicken with sides, nothing special, except that it took 25 - 30 minutes to come (which I think was a good sign?), but it arrived hot and there were a lot of interesting combinations of flavors. We'll try something else next time, they have a really imaginative menu, really. If you're looking for something different, these people definitely have something new to offer
When I went there they were out of chicken and waffles, which was a huge disappointment. But I got the chicken sandwich, which was good! The fries it came with had a spicy/sweet seasoning on it, which was a nice twist.  Service took a little long, but it was the end of the day when we went there.  I would like to go back to try the chicken and waffles, but overall a good go-to restaurant in G-ville!
Sweet jesus those Sweet potato hush puppies are enough to make me love this place. Only reason it gets 4 stars is the waffle...I was a tad disappointed...but everything else I've tried (GET THE MEATLOAF) was delish!
It pains me to say this but the service here has deteriorated immensely. The first few times I went I had no issues but right now I actually had to walk out after forty minutes of waiting without even seeing a waitress at our table. I won't return again.
This place was hard to find coming from the west on 20 due to lack of signage. I noticed the mushroom vents as I drove past and I turned around. Great home cooking. The place was full of law enforcement when we arrived. Portions are huge. I had the catfish with watermelon pickle, tasty. Okra with bacon and tomatoes was great and I loved the cheesy grits. Can't wait to try more on the menu. Yummy!
This place gets better & better each time we visit. A few nights ago, I tried the smothered fried catfish with mashed potatoes & gravy, macncheese, & sweet tea. Everything was flawless. The sweet tea was quite sweet & strong (just as southern sweet tea should be). The meal was excellently flavored needing no additional seasoning. There were fresh herbs apparent in my meal & my husband's meal (perhaps from garden out front). The breading on the catfish was still crisp despite being smothered in delicious sauce. The macncheese was popping with sharp cheddar flavor. The mashed potatoes & gravy were outstanding. My husband's meatloaf was packed with flavor. Service is always attentive & friendly. There are now outdoor seats for good weather. This place is one of the best places in town.
Went on a Saturday night at 6ish and got a seat before it started to fill in.  Bright, clean, hip and comfortable atmosphere.  Friendly and attentive service with personal drop-by from the chef.  The "charm" is there without being overdone. Food was pretty spot-on.  Loved the 'crab board' starter (soft shell crab, arugula salad, fried pickles and smoked fish dip.). Fried foods were flavorful, juicy, not greasy.  Veggies all very flavorful and sophisticated versions of southern favorites (esp okra), Seem to get as much attention as main dish.  No bland overcooked veggies. This is a really great addition to GNV.  Want to go back and try more of the menu, esp the non fried stuff. Dress warmly.  Inside was a bit chilly from a/c on an unseasonably hot day.  No beer or wine license yet but the tea is great.
VERY disappointing lunch today.  Unfriendly service, stone-cold food that had to be sent back twice.  A sandwich served with RAW bacon, and then the waitress argued with us about whether it just wasn't crispy.  No, it was raw.  Very long wait for food, and when we asked if the waitress could bring us some bread she snapped "No.  You have to order it."  This was my third visit and will probably give them another chance as the food was good the first two times, although still very very slow for a workday lunch.
Seriously amazing.  I used to work at a soul food restaurant in central Florida, but it closed down about 10 years ago.  Since then, I haven't had soul food as delicious as this until I discovered Southern Charm Kitchen.  I pretty much always get the fried catfish with mashed potatoes and okra and tomatoes (w/o bacon) and it has been insanely delicious every time! I've also had the fried chicken and waffles, the shrimp and grits, and they are all wonderful.  The service is great and everyone is super sweet.  For those complaining about the timing of the meals, think about how small that kitchen is, and when it's a dinner for more than 4 people, it's going to be a bit difficult to time it all perfectly, including the fact that they are still relatively new and it's going to take some time to work all the kinks out.  I've worked in restaurants for over 10 years now and I'm just putting things into perspective.  I've worked for restaurants just starting off and ones that have been around 30+ years, and sometimes there are things that happen to be out of the restaurants control (just like real life).  I think Southern Charm Kitchen is doing a great job, and I hope it's able to stick around for a long time!
Stopped by a few weeks ago after the downtown art fair and posted a few pics, but only getting around to posting a review now. Long story short, since going the first time I've been craving the BBQ pork and cornbread waffles something fierce. The BBQ sauce was just the right level of spicy and balanced really with the maple on the side -- I keep meaning to bring friends back to introduce them to that awesomeness. Also had a great drink I've forgotten the name of, which was pineapple juice mixed with lemonade and rainbows. Seriously, it was tasty, and gives me a great idea for what to do next time I'm looking for a vodka vehicle.  (The hubs hated it, but he's dumb.) While there we also tried the Pentecostal chicken with succotash side which was also good, even to me who isn't a huge friend chicken fan. Quick tip for ppl trying this place out: the parking lot is small compared to the number of tables inside, but you can park in the grassy area alongside the buildng and the parkinglot.
I was very pleased with my experience yesterday during lunch. I went with a small group from work and everyone ordered something different . Everyone loved their dish. I recommend the meatloaf, mashed potatos and greens.  The decor is well done and cozy. The wait staff was very friendly and Omar checked on everyone personally. I can't wait for an opportunity to return. The menu had such a variety it was hard to make a selection. We went back to the office and shared our experience. We want this place to stick around.  Paige L.
I wish I could give more stars based upon just the food, but I have to let others know about the service. We arrived on Friday Feb. 21st around 7:30 and found a seat right away. The girl that seated us gave us menu's and fled. The place was not crowded and we could tell that 3 to 4 girls were waiting on the customers. We were walked past several times in 15 minutes. We normally would not have sat for so long before walking out, but the BF was very hungry and everywhere else we had driven past had a wait. So we sat......Finally someone came to our table and took our  drink order. By this time we knew EXACTLY what we wanted, but were just so excited to just be getting drinks. She came back and we started to give our order. She said after we would mention some item, "out of", for almost 5 items. Really??? What do you have then?? We ordered the sweet potato hush puppies, which were really like mashed sweet potatoes balled up and deep fried. They were very good, but not like a hush puppie at all. We also had the blackeyed pea cake, which were a little bland. Thank goodness our entrees rocked! I had the Spicy waffle with Cajun shrimp-delicious and spicy and the BF had the Pentecostal fried chicken with okra and tomatoes and blackeye peas. The chicken was perfectly breaded and fried crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. We will try them out again and hopefully get better service the next time. I have high hopes!
Delicious, delicious, delicious!! I never heard of this place before friends of ours recommended we meet here for dinner, and I am definitely glad they did! While it's a little out of the way from the typical downtown Gainesville eateries, it is absolutely worth the extra five minutes to drive there! It's a really cute restaurant, the staff is friendly, the cook/owner came out to greet us after our meal and ask us how we enjoyed everything, and it was just an overall great evening out for a double date on a Friday night. The sweet potato hush puppies are a MUST HAVE when you visit. You get a very hefty portion with every entree and even though it's all SO GOOD, you'll probably have to take the leftovers home because the portions are so large (which, trust me, is not a bad thing at all)! I ordered the maple smoked baked chicken with black-eyed peas and collard greens and OMG I have never had such juicy baked chicken and perfectly cooked black-eyed peas and collards! The smokey maple taste was an interesting and tasty twist to the chicken. My husband had the fried catfish with rice that was equally amazing. My friend had the ribs (which she said were a bit spicy, but to me they weren't too spicy at all, although I'm someone who likes very spicy foods) and her husband had the ox tail, which he really liked. He was really glad he took a chance on the ox tail. One critique I have is that when they start to get busy, the waitresses start to forget about you. We got there around 7:00 on a Friday night and the place wasn't too busy so our food came out right away, but as the place got crowded it was hard to get refills on our drinks or even silverware and napkins. The other thing I wish is that they served a wider selection of beer (there's none on draft, by the way) and/or served some traditional southern liquor cocktails. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for good, traditional southern fare, but plan to get there earlier in the evening to beat the crowd.
I went to Southern Charm Kitchen  with a table of 8 on a weekday (Wednesday). Ambiance: Simple, few Southern decor items on the walls, an basic atmosphere with tables outside in addition to inside. A small space. Service: A very helpful, young server that was really busting her butt to tackle all the tables (probably 6 tables; two with 8 tops) by herself. She eventually did get help from another server, but she genuinely tried and did her best. I can't fault her for that, however, they were severely under staffed. Food: Wow. Southern Charm is the perfect name for this restaurant. A variety of vegetarian options, southern home cooking options that you expect from any restaurant dubbing itself as "southern", and unique menu items too like oxtail and goat. Their menu was eclectic and their food delicious. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles (white meat $11.99)  a portion large enough to have you asking for a to-do box. The chicken was breaded and fried, but not greasy. A slight pepper kick in the batter the chicken as delicious paired with homemade fluffy, soft waffles -- ooh just so yummy! Other people at our table order menu items like meatloaf with delicious collard greens, pork chops, and, of course, fried chicken with mash potatoes and gravy and house made mac-and-cheese. The corn bread is killer good with a sweet glaze as is the hush puppies - order them as an appetizer; it's worth it!   Overview: Despite the lack of ambiance and short staff, the food is divine and well worth the wait! Keep in mind, this restaurant makes everything from scratch so items may take longer to cook - for example,  we were told by our server that fried chicken could take 30 minutes; our meals came out separately almost one at a time because of this. So, keep that in mind when going to this restaurant especially if you're short on time. GO - GO at least once to experience some fabulous Southern food and feed your soul!
I love Southern Charm. If you're reading this, just stop reading and go. Seriously. It will be delicious and you will have a very full, very satisfied tummy. So why 4 out of 5? Well, just like Reggae Shack (its sister establishment), the service is terrible. You will wait a very long time to: A) be seated (unless you get there at odd hours), B) have someone come collect your order, C) get a drink (and refills take even longer, D) get your food, and E) get your check. Sure, it's difficult to stomach a meal on only one glass of water or tea. But yes, the food is THAT good. On my first visit, I tried the BBQ tempeh sandwich. Superb. So flavorful, and the side of fries (with that sweet and savory spice combo) was delish. On my second visit, I tried the watermelon picked fried tofu. Now, you might be saying, "Wow, that sounds weird." Yes, it does, and my mind had never even considered the concept of pickled watermelon. But it is real, and Southern Charm does it well. The tofu was very lightly fried and so delicious, but then the addition of that incredible pickled watermelon really elevated it to a different level. I'm salivating just thinking about it. I got the mac and cheese and, again, the fries for my sides and both were tasty. On this second trip, my fiance got the Pentecostal fried chicken and waffles. Sweet baby Jesus, these are truly astonishing. I mean, just truly, truly astounding. The chicken was so flavorful and yet so tender; it just seemed to drip off as he cut it. Perfectly cooked! The waffles were golden brown, cooked to perfection, and came with a nice bounty of syrup. (Dear God, why am I writing this review at work before lunchtime!!??) If you don't mind eating animals, you've GOT to try this. While I wish it were closer to my home or work, I really don't give a damn because it is worth the drive to the east side. If they could just step up their service, it would be a solid 5 out of 5.
The restaurant is small and true to southern style. Large/ small wooden tables with extra seating and high chairs available. It wasn't very busy when we went but is was shortly after they opened. Wait staff was very friendly and attentive. Ordered the sweet tea of course, which comes in a mason jar. Being vegetarian, I was pleased to see multiple veg and vegan options. The server was very helpful in directing and recommending different veg options. I ordered the BBQ tempeh sandwich with fries and vegan mac and cheese. This is one of the only places I know of in Gainesville that had vegetarian BBQ. The sandwich was very good with yummy sauce. I believe the tempeh is bought locally, which makes me like them even better. The vegan mac and cheese was super good, but if you are more of a cheesy person stick with the regular mac. I have been here once before this visit as a non-vegetarian. Highly recommend the chicken and waffles! Best combination you will ever eat. The only thing I didn't really like was the corn bread. My friend got it with her meal but it was dry and not as flavorful as is hoped. It kinda tasted like day old cornbread.
The food is excellent. I had the fried catfish with pickled greens and black eyed peas. It was awesome. My boyfriend got the hickory salt and caramel chicken and it was so juicy. We also had the apple dumpling which was so great. You can clearly tell its homemade. Our server, even though she was the only one there and she was clearly very busy, was very sweet and did her best to accommodate all of the guests. Only downfall: we had the country garlic chicken wings as an appetizer and they were served to us raw on the inside.  We weren't upset though, we understand mistakes happen. They promptly fixed the problem for us which is what matters. We weren't too fond of the sauce on the wings either. Overall, we can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu!
Our party of four arrived at a little after 1:30 PM on a Saturday. The small dining room was packed but we were seated right away. Our server took our orders and brought our drinks out promptly. We then proceeded to wait about an hour for our food. One of our plates arrived piping hot, the other three lukewarm. The food was OK. I want to give this place another shot, but I'm not waiting an hour for lukewarm food.
We were excited to try the newly opened breakfast menu. It wasn't overly busy but with only two servers it made for very slow service. Slow to be seated, get drinks and about 30 minutes to get our two omelettes. We got the meat omelette and were upset to find peppers and onion throughout which was not mentioned on the menu. We then had to wait for another to be made which happened significantly faster than the first omelettes. The prices for breakfast were also much higher than expected and too much for the amount and quality of food given. Overall, good food but terrible service.
The food is great! Southern food with a twist. I had the fried catfish with picked greens. Also the corn chowder soup. It was all really good. The service was a little slow though & our server didn't seem to know much about the dishes. I can't wait to go back & try the ribs, I hear they are excellent.
The menu is vegetarian friendly, and the food is truly southern. The service... Not so great. I got stuck with a bad waitress who took too long to bring everything to the table. I was with a party of four and she brought one dish at a time and took over 10 minutes to bring all four plates to the table. I was lucky enough to have been the last one to receive food, my co-workers weren't as happy (by the time everyone was served, some people's food was already cold...)
