keep gaming, huh? gambling, keep gambling. well, what do you expect? vegas in buffalo? vegas in THIS part of buffalo? anyway, yea, slots and some tables and a whole lot of vagrants, at least when i was there on a sunday at 11am. well you get what you get. fyi, i didnt get a card and i did win a tad (lower bets for me, as no card. but then again....) happy new year
Unlike many people, I am happy there is now a casino in downtown Buffalo.  Although I understand that there is a  link between gambling participation and casino proximity, it is still a win for Buffalo to have people visit this otherwise forgotten about area. With that being said, this casino is nothing to write home about.  It's very small with little gaming variety.  Get ready for a lot of penny slots and a handful of craps tables. Dining options are also limited.  You can pick up a sandwich or a snack, but don't expect to have a sit down dinner while visiting.  After enjoying a couple really great meals at the Seneca Niagara casino, I was hoping for more from Buffalo Creek.  Unless you suffer from a serious gambling addiction, do not plan on spending a full day here. Additionally, doesn't everyone visit casinos for the free drinks? I know I do!  Unfortunately, no one is receiving any complimentary cocktails here.  From what I've heard, the casino is not allowed to serve anything for free due to an agreement with the city of Buffalo and the surrounding bars and restaurants.  Disappointing for my liver! On a positive note, parking is free and there are often promotions for free slot play.  Just sign up for that handy Players Club card! All in all, true high rollers might want to go elsewhere, but for those of us who are just looking to sip on some well whiskey and see what happens with a twenty dollar bill and a slot machine, Buffalo Creek will work just fine.
So as a casino it's fine.  Located in downtown Buffalo the casino has been drawing crowds.  That's why I came actually - I had driven by twice in the early evening and saw many cars heading into the parking lot.  So I thought I should check it out.   We saw a few craps tables, a few roulette, and various card game tables, blackjack included but many others as well.    And then slots.  Many many slots.   This is a small casino overall, which can have pros and cons.  Pros include easy to get into and out of, a small more intimate environment.  Cons include small, not many tables to choose from.   The drink servers were visible and it was easy to get water, small bottles, but water was easy.  I'm not sure if you pay for alcohol or not.  But tips for water are assumed.   Smoking is allowed. Including cigars.  So from the minute you open your car door to the minute you take a shower later you smell smoke and will smell like it.  It did seem many people were not bothered by this.  And I grant you all casinos except one I have ever been to allow smoking.  So it's the norm.  But it did result in us leaving sooner than we might have otherwise.  Loosing also helped that departure along though. All in all I enjoy casinos on occasion.  I'm not sure I need one in the middle of a city but judging by the crowds many people are quite happy to have this casino.  I only hope  no one is banking on winning, the odds favor the house always.   There is a small place to get a sandwich, gelato, coffee, breakfast and more.  Have to say, it looked good and clean but we did not try any food.   I can see going back here to kill some time or entertain out of towners.   Easy access, close, easy parking, all good.  Smoking not as good, would be great to have a smoke free area.   3 stars - it's a-ok.  Worth a visit if you like to gamble.   Parking was easy and free.
For all the hype, I was underwhelmed.  I think it would have been nice to have an alternative to Seneca Niagara in the city, but really, in terms of bells and whistles....not so much.   Little to do or see when you want to take a break from gambling, but at least the  location is convenient.
