The food is incredible. So incredible that you and your significant other might decide to get married after having your first date here, much like myself. No pressure. Upon marrying you may then decide that a honeymoon is only appropriate, and reminiscing on your languishing evenings filled with perfectly seasoned, ever-crispy curry fried chicken, with chilled Red Stripe and kitsch Rastafarian decor, Jamaica seems an obvious choice. So when you two go to Jamaica and meet a taxi driver of epic philisophical proportions, and wade in the crystal blue surf, and eagerly approach the restaurant where the locals are eating, you will sit down and your mouths will water and the food will come and------alas! You will long for the taste of Reggae Shack, cursing their name. How could they have led you thus astray? How could they fill you with such expectation and then abandon you in a world where you are doomed to think of all other jerk chicken as a cruel joke? Eat your soggy patties on the beach. And then go home and honeymoon in Gainesville.
I'm not going to say I'm an authority on Jamaican food. But reggae shack is yummy. I live in the building attached and I wake up each morning smelling their food. And immediately craving peas and rice and their gosh darn delicious cabbage. The first time it went the manager let me taste a bunch of stuff. This may not be typical, but I'm nice and said I wasn't sure what things tasted like, and he wanted me to make a decision I was happy with. My personal recommendation: brown stew chicken! Just do it. And the festivals are crunchy fried delicious.
Reggae shack is definitely not what it used to be. The food: I ordered the currified chicken sandwich, one of my all time favorites (I don't have much of a tolerance for spicy food, sadly). The chicken was overcooked, but still edible in most places. The "tomato" was a uniform light pink color and tasted like water. The lettuce was one leaf of iceberg lettuce. I was left disappointed, but the fries were still good. My boyfriend got the oxtail and said it was delicious. The service: I was absolutely appalled. I worked in the service industry for 10 years and have never seen anything this bad. It took about 10 minutes for us to get our drink order taken. We started looking around (since there were three tables and two servers). A server came over to take our order, and almost immediately the other server came over and said it was her table, "so and so said it was my table". The first server responded "well I FIGURED since I've been on for 30 minutes and she hasn't given me a table yet that it was mine." They proceeded to argue about it for 30 seconds or so, before the second server said ok well I guess I'll let her take care of you. It was by far, the rudest, most awkward situation I've been in - and I eat out a lot. I mean, how do you respond to that?! It was so weird. Take your issues to the back and discuss it like adults - NOT argue right at the table. Another thing: a guy was standing RIGHT behind our table at the window, chasing flies and smashing them with a towel. Really?! They're just flies, the door was open, it's understandable. I'm an entomologist so maybe flies bother other people, I just thought it was unnecessary and rude. I probably won't return any time soon. I'll probably eat there again one day, but it will most likely be to-go food so I don't have to feel like I'm in high school again.
The food was a solid 4 stars. Bf got the got the goat curry, I got the oxtail, and we shared the jerk wings and festivals. All the food were tasty & worth revisiting. Oxtail pieces were extremely tiny, as I am accustomed to larger pieces, but nothing to cry about. We've never had festivals before so we didnt have anything to compare it to. My bf loved them, but its not a mandatory order in my opinion. I would've rated them 5 stars, but the service was dysfunctional. We had a trainee with our main server & he managed to switch up our order with the rest of the party we were with. For example, he switched up our wings. Our companions ordered the jerk wings, we ordered the tropi-q wings. Tropi-q arrived first and were given to our companions stating that they were jerk wings, and vise versa. We ate our wings and later on realized they were not what we ordered. They were delicious and bf & I didnt complain, but our companions were disappointed because they wanted what they ordered. Management were nice enough to give them a complimentary order of jerk wings for the mistake. When our entrée's came out, trainee placed my plate in front of our other companion. Luckily I noticed and corrected the trainee. Waters were also left waiting for refills for some time. Wait staff seemed to be all over the placed and not working functionally. Don't sit in the same area next to the kitchen. We were seated here as the main dining room was filled at arrival. The area was too warm and spices from the kitchen tickled our throats and burned our eyes. Other than mishaps and poor seating area we would dine here again just for the food.
Excellent local food choices, great sodas and seasonings, and plenty of vegan options. This place is a favorite of mine!
First time for us. This is a must visit. If we lived closer we would frequent this place. The curried wings as an appetizer were awesome. Their signature dish is the ox tail with cabbage and rice and beans which was  delicious to the last bite. They serve generous portions so you won't leave hungry!
One of my favorite places to eat out in Gainesville. It's not super cheap but I'm always satisfied with the quality and quantity of food I get. Curry goat is awesome! The servers are really friendly too.
The Caribbean chicken wings is what brings us back. They are awesome. Jerk shrimp, jerk pork, jerk chicken salad are all delicious! But beware... It's super spicy! And also, they have the best coconut cake I've ever had, but they run out super fast due to high demand. Our service has always been good, but it's the food that brings us back!
I ordered the Jerk Burger without onions and cheese, and it was delicious. It had great flavor and it was juicy. The fries it came with had something on it I was not sure what it was, but it was delicious. Some of the best fries I've had. And to drink I had the Aloe Vera Grape drink, which was great, and something you can't find often, especially with such a variety in flavors. The dessert was the Deluxe Dulce de Leche Festival which was great, maybe just too sweet after the Aloe Vera drink. The only con of this restaurant is that there were flies around our table. It was annoying having to swat the flies away from you. The owner and waiters were really kind and helpful. Would return.
Our expectations were not super high so we were so happily surprised at how much the whole family enjoyed our meal. We got two variations of chicken sandwiches, the jerk burger, and the boneless curried chicken. My (annoyingly super picky) son said, "These fries are amazing!" The ice tea was great. The cabbage was great. The plantains were great. The jerk lime mayo sauce was wonderful. Everything was hand made and beautifully seasoned. Special thanks to our server, Jordan. She was knowledgeable but not tedious, attentive but not intrusive. She seemed to be genuinely into Carribean food. Could not have asked for better service. :-)
Good atmosphere (smells wonderful just walking into the restaurant), great selection of food, and of course the food itself is quite tasty.
Can't deny that their food is delicious and the service is decent. Unfortunately, given the food genre and portions, their prices are a bit too high to command a return visit. Even "great" Caribbean food should not exceed $50 for two appetizers, two entrees and a couple of sodas.
The food here is really great.  Veggies were bomb.  Plantains were on point. I noticed a lot of people ordering smoothies as well.  If I had returned, I would have checked those out. Pro Tip: GET THE FESTIVALS!  These little sweet puppies will make you melt!!  I was thinking about them FOR DAYS after I ate them. This review may be a little short, but I told you the most important things, I promise.  Go and confirm my thoughts on the tastiness of Reggae Shack Cafe.
What a great addition to Hogtown. I've had a lunch here a couple of times and everything was delicious. The sweet hush puppies must be laced with crack because they are absolutely addicting. I got some to go last time and even though I was stuffed I almost went back for more. I tried their brown stew and their curry chicken. Spicy, delicious, great sides and huge portions. You better come hungry and if it's for lunch, don't make dinner plans.
I ordered a curry palm heart rice dish and my husband ordered a jerk sandwich.. We both loved the food and flavors! Being a vegetarian, this was the first time i could even try carribean/jamaican food, since most places dnt have any veg menu items. Im glad we took a risk and went.. It was great and will definitely go again :)
Went here today to try their Jamaican food.  My son ordered the escabeche, my ex ordered the oxtail and I ordered the curry goat.   I must say all three dishes were delicious!  I would have given them a five star, but the service was kind of slow, and it took a while before our food was delivered.  Overall, I'd eat here again and maybe order their jerk chicken.
Delicious. Had the brown stew chicken. Amazing! Great attitudes, lovely staff. Completely authentic. Happy we passed by for great grub. Worth a visit. Will be back the next time we pass through Gainesville.
This is my kind of place...a "hole in the wall" with authentic food.   The oxtail and jerk chicken were both excellent.   We paid the extra two bucks for some mysterious thing called "the festival",  which turned out to be something between a donut and cornbread.  It was love at first bite...and many bites after that. A lot of reviews I have read are complaining about their service,  but we had a great waitress and food came out quickly.   Just be prepared to leave smelling like you were manning the grill - it's the gift that keeps on giving.
The food is pretty good but it doesn't really excuse the bad service. Every time I go here, we wait forever to be acknowledged by the server. Last time I went here I had to remind my server THREE times that I had ordered a beer. I've never really understood this attitude, since the quicker you get me my drink, the more likely I am to order more (thus increasing your tip); on top of all that, they were completely unapologetic about, which I find to be totally unacceptable. I think I waited about 20 mins for my drink after ordering it, not even factoring in the time it took for the server to take our initial drink orders. The service is fairly consistent, in that, it is consistently POOR. During our meal, some smoke from the kitchen filled the whole restaurant; it was from the jerk seasoning so it made everyone cough, and we could barely keep our eyes open. Not great. The food is very good, but not good enough to keep me coming back, especially at their prices. I would go back if someone suggested it, but you won't find me initiating another visit.
So every vegan meal I have had has been good. Staff has always been friendly and very helpful in letting us try a sample before we order to make sure not to spicy or just would like or not. I do a bit concerned with the floor. It is a bit slippery and did had an issue one night with smoke not ventilated well. But the food and staff have always been good to me
My husband and I stopped by after we went to the Florida Relays, the food and service was AWESOME!  We live in Atlanta and there are some good Jamican restaurants there, but Reggae Shack Cafe set are bar really high for us now. The menu was extensive with appetizers, main dishes, vegetarian meals and seafood.  I have to mention the food portions was huge !!  I had a mango and passion fruit mixed smoothly too...it was goooood!  Sipped on it on the ride home to ATL yesterday. We'll be back Reggae Shack Cafe, open a restaurant in Atlanta!
Starting with the huge and beautiful smoothie, this restaurant was off to a great start.  I had the bourbon chicken    Yum yum. Service excellent with a smile.
Have you ever gone to a place and see a ton of fantastic things on the menu, but continue to get the same thing all the time? Yeah, that is me with the Jerk Burger. Best burger in town and the fries are pretty magical, too. Fun-times.
Too spicy for our tummys but def a great try for gluten free and vegetarians. Always great service.
At first I wasn't attracted to this place because there was a restaurant in Tampa that was named similar to this, and I hated it! One day after class I decided to try it out. I didn't know what to order so the cashier helped me out (she was so nice!) and help me decide on the CURRY TOFU! THE BEST MEAL, EVER!!!!!!!!! I am so addicted to this place now!! Thanks a lot!
Reggae Shack is the most authentic island food I've found in G'ville.  Their curry is sweet and full of flavor, they know how to cook tempe and other meat substitutes properly and the jerk seasoning is full of spice!  Every single person that works in the restaurant is super friendly!  Only kind is the amount of smoke that builds up in the kitchen during busy hours.  Only con is the amount of smoke that builds as the kitchen picks up.  At times it is so bad I can't finish my meal.   Skip the fries...but otherwise the dishes are fantastic.
Other reviewers have complained about the service here, and maybe it's because we visited during winter break, but we found the service attentive and really friendly. The decor is typical of a casual eat in/take out place: reggae posters and photos on the wall, but it's all a little dingy--not dirty, just looks like it could stand a facelift. In any case, I haven't had callaloo and saltfish since I was in Jamaica 25 yrs ago, and their dish brought the flavors right back.  Unfortunately they were out of breadfruit, which seems a pretty major ingredient to be missing, and it was a big disappointment. However, their jerk chicken is sweet, smoky, flavorful and trachea-searingly spicy. Entrees are generous, and come with sides of spicy rice and pease and cabbage. There are also authentic drinks, such as Irish Moss and Jamaican Ginger Beer. Plenty of vegetarian entrees on the menu.
I'm driving from NOLA Ft. Lauderdale to visit family and stopped in Gainesville. I ended up here for lunch as I haven't been to the university before and I wanted something college-y and local. I was driving up and down the main road and the name of this place caught my eye. I'm a huge reggae music fan and jerk chicken is one my of favorite dishes. I checked out the other Yelp reviews and now I'm here. I was expecting a little hole in the wall that reminds me of a beach-hut cafe, and it's more of a family restaurant. The other thing I noticed about this place is how (semi-) quiet it is. There is no reggae music being played...at all...and I'm crushed. I seriously thinking about playing something on my iPhone as I eat. Speaking of eating, I wanted to try their traditional Jerk Chicken dish but they did not have them ready. I was crushed again! So I had the brown stew chicken and it was delicious! It was definitely a great 2nd choice! The menu described it as a Jamaican bourbon chicken and I love bourbon chicken at the mall. But this dish was made with real chicken and made by a real chef. The meat literally fell off the bone. The juices and sauce was soaked up by the equally good rice n beans. The cabbage side dish also good. They also have a variety of Caribbean beers under $5. Overall I'm happy with what I ate and all they are doing is making me what to come back to try their Jerk Chicken. Maybe when I drive back towards NOLA.
ok so wow. I was on my way from Miami to Atlanta and saw a billboard off the FL turnpike for this place so i decided to take a gamble. I usually go for anything jerk or spicy related, especially with vegetarian options. What a nice payoff! I have gone back about 3 more times since the first - I even went on the way back down from Atlanta! Even though it's a ways off the turnpike, it's well-worth the drive. The wait staff is always very friendly (I actually became friends with Kalvin) and the patrons are a great mix of all people. I ALWAYS have the Jerk Tofu sandwich. It comes with amazing jerk seasoned french fries that I can't get enough of. The combo of the Spicy Jerk seasoning and the sweet plantains on the sandwich make it perfect perfect perfect. And I ALWAYS get the Dulce De Leche Festivals hush puppies. It's the perfect end to the amazing food.
The Shack is great food, lots of choices.  Prices are very reasonable and the service is always with a smile.  The only complaint I have, is that service is extremely slow.  If you go, be prepared to wait a looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time.
Today I had the most excellent jerk pork. But "nuff said"about that! If you think pork fat rules, give it a try. I thought it was awesome.
Ayiyiyiiiii this place is awesome. I'm still fighting off the food coma that their spicy tempeh put me in! What a treat. Incredible flavor and generous portions.. everything was cooked just right. I don't live in Gainesville (fortunately) but the next time I'm in town I plan to slay another meal here.. Nice folks too!
Busy Jamaican restaurant, sort of a long wait for a table. The restaurant has a warm and cool side, the waiting are is warm while the dining room is air-conditioned. Good choices on the menu. Even some vegetarian dishes. Portions at our table - there were three of us - were quite large and well-seasoned. Not expensive. Parking is on the avenue. Restroom was clean but did not have paper towels at the time I used it. Waitstaff were friendly and took time to explain the dishes.
Very good food and great service.  We ordered their Escoviech Wings as an appetizer and they were fantastic!  Very sweet and spicy hot! For dinner I ordered the Mahi Mahi sandwich, my son ordered the Jerk Chicken, and my mother ordered the Ox Tail.  We all loved our meals and would recommend each of our dishes.   Very authentic Caribbean food.
The brown stew chicken is hands down the best chicken I've ever had. The food is great and they do have some island beers in the bottle. Definitely a place to try if you are in the Gainesville area
Oh man! Dis yeh food SWEEET!!! I love this place. Everytime I come to Gainesville I come here. I always get the curry chicken. And its not that I dont wanna try anything else....it's just that the curry chicken is so good!! Lol you gotta try it! Delicious
They're back they're back they're back THEY'RE BACK! *weeps for joy* Ah, Reggae Shack ... my long-lost friend, I have missed you terribly.  And you missed me and everyone else in town too, because when I showed up for the "soft" opening the wait for food was a solid hour!  (Ouch.)  But the food is still amazing ... and the menu is enormous now!  The vegetarian options are practically their own page and there are sandwiches galore. But my old flame, the brown stew chicken ... ah, she inspires me.  Some of the most delicious comfort food I've had anywhere. For those of you who dare to eat jerk, they have a soda fountain now to help put out the fires!
I've been here quite a few times recently for dinner and overall I am very impressed (otherwise, I wouldn't keep coming back!). My only complaint at all is their prices: for things like the traditional dishes and seafood, their prices are very fair, around $9.00 to $11.50 . . . however, a sandwich, say a fish sandwich, will cost you around the very same! As will one of their salads. A heart of palm salad is therefore nearly as much as the jerk shrimp dinner . . . which simply doesn't seem right. The jerk shrrimp is awesome: very spicy as it should be, decent-sized shrimp, and served with rice and boiled cabbage. The festivals, coconut-flavored hushpuppy-like sweet-breads, are amazingly good too and are a great side dish to order along with your meal. While I do feel the sandwiches could be a couple dollars cheaper, they are very tasty nonetheless. The curry chicken and curry goat (yes! goat!) are also very good and service here is quite attentive and prompt in most cases. A friend considers the Caribbean Queen a better islands eating experience overall, and their chicken I would say is a bit better, but Reggae Shack is in a great location not too far from either campus or downtown and is a fun atmosphere to dine within. The Caribbean Queen certainly deserves to be tried out though, too. Both are capable of doing great take-out.
I was here visiting my family from LA a few weeks ago and i first heard of this place on a radio ad so i figured I would stop by.  I went in and was surprised to see how busy it was so I knew it was a good spot.   I was greeted by a friendly waitress and asked her about some vegan dishes on menu I was surprised to see.  I ended up ordering the spicy Tempeh which came with  sauteed cabbage, plantains, and brown rice and it so so good!  My wife got the curried hearts of palm which was even better than mine. I liked this place so much that it was the first place I ate again when I returned to Gainesville two weeks later.. Which was actually today.  We were greeted  by a really nice waiter named Kelvin .  He actually came up to us and shook my hand.  I have never had a waiter do that..especially in LA.  He gave us some great recommendations on some dishes.  After lunch, we actually went back there again after eating dinner (on another restaurant I may review at a later time) and got the vegan coconut pie..and it was awesome.  The server we had at night was also super nice but didn't catch her name.  We had wanted the vegan carrot cake but they were out of it.  The waitress told us she could call the baker and ask her to bring in a fresh cake tomorrow which was super nice.  We didn't want her to call and bother baker but we may go back tomorrow night to try it.. This place is a must try, it would be a staple of mine if I still lived here.
Meal: Jerk Chicken sandwich, & Curry Chicken. Sugar fries Savory Sandwich ! Zesty Curry Chicken !
The place has a lot of character, and the staff there are very friendly and seem to care whether you have a good experience or not. The waitress was eager to help us out w/the menu and beer specials if we had any questions. I got a beef patty, festivals, coco bread, and the brown stew chicken (bone-in). Extremely good value for the amount of food. The beef patty was fairly typical, but fresh and piping hot. The festivals were more like donuts than I had expected - but were also clearly just made and there was certainly enough to take home. The coco bread wasn't what I expected from the reviews, but it was damn fresh and great for dipping in the brown stew chicken sauce. The main dish was a little bit of work (imagine - people used to eat stuff w/bones in it all the time!), but the sauce was hearty and went well with the rice, chicken, and coco bread. There were also plantains - maybe not as many as there could have been - and some cabbage-type slaw that I'm not really into. I tried anyway, and it tasted fresh - if you're into cole slaw / etc. it's probably a good bet. Overall the value, ambiance, service, and (of course) the FOOD were great. I gave it five stars for what it is - based on the value and experience it's something you should stop for in downtown Gainesville.
My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch during our drive home to Philly. I was excited by the many vegan options, and the food did not disappoint. My boyfriend had the jerk veggie burger, which was VERY spicy... It was delicious, but I would not have been able to eat the entire thing because of the heat. I'm glad that I didn't order anything "jerk"; I had the vegan brown stew tofu. It was very tasty and came with a generous portion of rice, cabbage, and plantains. Yum! Two thumbs up for my first positive experience with cabbage! So why only 3 stars? The service was exceedingly poor. Our waitress acted as if there were some kind of waitress-repelling forcefield around our table. She slowly moved around the room, taking the orders of the people who sat down five minutes after us. It took an absurd amount of time to just bring our water (I had to ask twice... for water). When we asked simple questions about the menu, the girl stared at us blankly for 30 seconds, then responded with phrases like, "Ummm I don't know," and "Hmmmm." As my boyfriend and I exchanged puzzled and furiously hungry glances, the waitress disappeared and did not return for a staggering amount of time. I assumed she was checking on our questions, but no, she was texting in the corner. Grrrr. I will spare the details of the waitress returning to take our orders and fast-forward to one LIFETIME later, when our food finally arrived. All frustration melted blissfully away as we enjoyed our fantastic meals, but the horror of that waiting time will live on forever in this Yelp review.
Yum. I absolutely love this place and I have only been here once. Everything is so delightfully good and well-prepared. They recently remodeled this place and it looks great! I cannot attest to how it looked before but there is no doubt that the place is now an ode to Jamaica and the reggae culture. Filled with bright colors, posters and pictures of reggae artists... they have really kicked it up to the next level! You walk in and immediately you see the cashier's section. Behind the cashier's box, there is an open window that goes to the kitchen where all the lovely food is made. The seating is to the left and arranged in an open layout. You seat yourself but there are waiters/waitresses to attend you. I enjoy the fact this Reggae Shack has authentic soda like kola champagne and a vanilla flavored soda. As for the food, it makes me speechless. I went to Reggae Shack for lunch with my friend and her husband. We all ordered different meals so I got to try some of the other options available. The Curry Shrimp is really good and so is the Spicy Tempeh Sandwich. The food here is good. Nothing crazy special, but GOOD. Do remember that when they say spicy, they sure as hell mean it! I can tolerate spicy food because I love a little kick in my meals, but if you do not like spicy food, please let them know! My friends husband had a hard time eating his meal because he isn't too fond of spicy meals. Anywho, I would come here again and again simply because I love Jamaican food. The flavors, seasoning and spice are all on point. The Reggae Shack is definitely a place to go on a regular basis because you will never be disappointed! ;-)
This is a great restaurant to be vegan! Curry Tempeh, Vegan Steak, Coconut Cake... you really can't go wrong. They do like oil in their cooking. There are plenty of wonderful options for everyone in your group, carnivores to vegans.
I'm so glad that Reggae Shack just reopened with a second dining room!  I have been craving it for the past few months and have had uncontrollable salivating every time that I passed the boarded doors.  There are lots of great options here, including plenty for carnivores and vegetarians/vegans alike.  The jerk spices are right on, and are spicy enough to warrant the warning that the cashiers give any time someone orders.  Each table has scotch bonnet sauce on it as a condiment, so in case you are a total masochist, you can slather some of that on your grub too. My favorite dish is the curry tempeh, which is served over rice with cabbage and plantains, and stains your hands with a pretty yellow color.  The portions are gargantuan, but I manage to finish my meals and clutch my belly in satisfaction every time.  The festivals are also a great snack/appetizer to share with others as is the breadfruit (think potatos but lighter and more flavorful).  I can't wait to go again and see how the place has changed.
***Vegetarian And Sometimes Vegan Eater*** I drive 90 minutes from redneck Jacksonville to eat here when I'm feeling oppressed by the racist Southern Baptists and other intolerant elements of that city. You don't know how good you have it in Gainesville with Reggae Shack.  Their Vegan Steak is amazing.  I usually buy one to take home with me.  They make it to order, if you request that.  I have them leave the veggies out, and just load it with the faux-meat.    If you don't ask, you don't get. Eat-in experience is also  top notch.  Not too upscale in its decor or ambience, but that's good, since it gives out this hip vibe that makes you feel like Zach Galifianakis might walk in some day, if he ever had to come to Gainesville.  A big if, but, hey: one can only hope.   My servers have been awesome whenever I ate-in: they hooked me up with other cool vegetarian/vegan spots in Gainesville, and as far away as Tampa.  Not stuck-up at all and always helpful. Worth the $4.12 per gallon drive to Gainesville from JAX.
Vegans and vegetarians who like real food with serious flavour, rejoice! Meat fans, you'll be happy, too. Reggae Shack has something for everyone -- except for people who like bland, dull food, but who cares about those people? We stopped in on a weeknight, so parking was easy and the noise level wasn't too bad; I can easily see how the acoustics would make for a very loud meal in the presence of a crowd, though. The music was blessedly light on the overplayed Mr Marley, though I would have been thrilled to hear the likes of Desmond Dekker, Laurel Aitken or Peter Tosh on the playlist. We were seated promptly and our orders taken in good time with no sense of being rushed. And now, on to the most useful part of any restaurant review: The food! I ordered the callaloo  and the spouse opted for the curry seitan, both of which were served with a generous portion of rice and peas, perfectly cooked cabbage and chunks of ripe plantain browned to a caramelized sweetness. The callaloo was tender and the seasonings were good with enough spice to point out the flavours but not so much that it's 'hot', though I did add hot sauce (and it was really hot, just the way I like it!) because I like a higher level of heat. The curry seitan had an excellent texture and the sauce was rich in flavours and spice. Portions were generous, but I admit that this time, I finished it all! The combination of taste and texture was just too good to risk taking any home and chance it being eaten by my husband under cover of night. It's a welcome change to see a restaurant that understands people who don't eat meat aren't dieting food-haters, and which provides numerous options from salads to sandwiches to hefty entrees with a variety of ingredients to please the meatless palate. I'm sure the meat-based dishes are just as good; for the bolder carnivore, Reggae Shack also features plenty of traditional Jamaican foods that can be harder to find in the US and which show how the definition of 'meat' in many countries extends past the cuts that make steaks or hamburger. So get on down to the Shack and feast in happiness!
I'm temporarily back in Gville! Finally!   To start off my rotations in gville I decided to venture more into downtown (since AGH is there anyways...)  Of course, I've always wanted to try Reggae Shack Cafe after reading and hearing about them.  The first time I ordered the shrimp patty sandwich, which came with a side of fries and I added a salad.  The shrimp was actually really good and juicy, they made a burger by pieceing together whole shrimp into a patty, coat in breadcrumbs, and then fries.  The problem was the buns were drenched in the mayo and ended up as a soggy hot mess.  The fries were terribly soggy and I could only pick out a few decently fried ones (who can mess up fries?) although they were covered in a little bit of sweet and spice.  Now the salad...was full of browned lettuce and had that same sweet and spice that I no longer cared for. Anyways, after getting bashed by a certain AO, I had to go back and try it again.  I still didnt listen to AO (or the waitress) and got the jerk chicken (instead of the jerk chicken sandwich).  It comes with a side of steamed cabbage, 2 sweet plaintains, and some rice.  The rice was perfectly fluffy and salted, the plaintains not greasy, plump and sweet, and the cabbage steamed with a slight crunch and yummy meaty flavor.  Now the jerk chicken....one bite was delicious.  The second bite the heat started to turn up.  By the time I finished half the chicken my mouth was on FIREEEEEEE and my lips were numbed! I ended having to take the rest to go and learning my lesson (or need to build my tolerance).  In other news, the chicken was fall-off-the bone (glares at you, boneless chicken breast menu option, the Jamaicans will kick you OUT) and was a good portion of a leg and thigh.   Overall, a decent place with a nice vibe but I felt like the jerk chicken was missing something "more" in richness, and that soggy bread and fries, and wilted salad as the big turnoffs.  Prices are reasonable for Gainesville, at most items being ~$10.
When I came here around Halloween this year, Gainesville was packed for The Fest. However, we were served relatively quickly, which I'm sure was a fluke, as most easting establishments were mobbed. It took a bit for our food to get ready; in fact, it took about 45 minutes for everything to come out. While the waitress was apologetic, it seemed a bit excessive. The decor is funky, and it was fun to read the articles about Jamaican recording artists while we waited. The food though... Out of this world spicy! I got the Jerk Tofu, served with rice, cabbage and fried plantains. This would have been more than edible for me, as I have a high tolerance for spice, but EVERYTHING on my plate was covered with the jerk sauce! I had been hoping for salvation from my spicy purgatory with some low-spice rice, but alas, I was dismayed to see that the sauce had seeped into every pore of my food. Needless to say, my friend noted my face got visibly red and I was tearing up. Still delicious though! My saving grace was a slice of vegan carrot cake, which was incredibly fluffy.
I have never been here before and I have lived here all my life. Honestly, the name didn't ever appeal to me. What a HUGE MISTAKE I made in relying on the name to guide my taste buds! Fortunately, an old friend of mine invited me here for lunch yesterday. Thank the high heaven's, he chose! I am an adventurous food lover but if I have to choose off the cuff, I automatically pick sushi as it is my fav. Yesterday, we shared two appetizers: the Ackee Bruschetta , Jerk Chicken Wings. I had the Bigga Side Salad with Passion Fruit Vinaigrette. The dressing is amazing! Everything was delicious. I hear the oxtail is phenomenal.
I don't know why a place with the word 'shack' in the name is charging $10+ for entrees. But fuck it, Reggae Shack serves up some damn fine Jamaican food and I'm kicking myself for all of the previous visits I made to Gainesville without stopping in. (I was all about Book Lovers' Cafe back in the day; now I scoff at the thought of a slice of vegan quiche. Give me spicy jerk tempeh or give me death!) I talked my sweetheart into stopping here on our way back to ATL from my hometown, Tampa. (Shameful to be Tampan, I know.) It's about five miles off of the Interstate, and for those without a GPS device (oh, am I the only one still rockin' a flip phone?), don't turn off of the main road when it splits off a couple of times on the way to downtown Gainesville. Service is mostly friendly, but a little slow. It got really busy just after we were seated, and our on-the-road lunch took longer than I would have liked. All told, we were probably there for an hour and change. I had the Spicy Tempeh, which was a delicious mix of tempeh and veggies cooked in jerk seasoning and a sweet Jamaican sauce. Personally, I didn't taste the sweetness in the sauce, but that's all the better because I'm not much for sweet flavors in my main dishes. Entrees are served with rice and peas (read: kidney beans), cabbage, and fried plantains. The spicy tempeh was super delicious. It was definitely super spicy, but the rice and cabbage cooled it down. (Yo, I'm not crazy for cabbage, but Reggae Shack cooks it up just right. Amazing.) My boo had the Escovitch Tofu, a sweet and spicy tofu dish with a hint of curry flavoring. It was bomb dig. I need to learn how to cook Jamaican food ASAP. We also shared an order of Festivals, described as the Jamaican version of a hush puppy. They were delicious, basically fried dough with a sweet hint of coconut. I'm in love. This is a new must-have when I make the otherwise odious drive from ATL to TPA. A lunch special for six bucks or so would be a nice touch, as would a quick-take option for travelers.
What a great meal. Saw the billboard on I-75 and got off to try. Well worth it. The seitan steak was out of this world good. If you have made seitan you know how labor intensive it is and for the price a real bargain.   Give it a try, Mon!
This place is phenomenal.  I have intense memories of curry goat seeping into a bed of tender rice.  Of plantains and rum cake.  And the jerk chicken that one of the guys there finally talked me into.  I ate it with a huge glass of milk and it still took a year off my life.  My eyes streamed and my tongue was numb and it was very worth it.  Amazing. A lot of the food here is stewed very slowly all day long, so the flavors are intense and savory, and the meat is falling off the bone.  It's the kind of cooking you might do if you had all day long.  And it's the kind of food that tastes like a labor of love.
Wow ... a lot of hype and very disappointing food.  The rice and beans were hard and the chicken was mostly bone.  I found a hair in my patie and I could have flown to Jamaica and gotten the food faster. Skip this Shack!
This place was easily the worst restaurant experience that I have had in Gainesville. I've only been there once, so maybe it was an exception, but it was so bad that I don't think I'll try again. To start with, it took ~25 minutes to be seated, despite there being numerous empty tables. Though our order was taken somewhat promptly after finally being seated, it took over an hour to get our food. And we only got it because we said that we were going to leave. The food was not good either. We ordered some wings, festivals, the oxtail, and one of the jerk chicken dishes. All of it was cold, or lukewarm at best. The flavors weren't great either - the chicken was very dried out and overseasoned. The oxtail was excessively fatty. On top of all this, it was overpriced too. Unfortunately, I have nothing good to say about this place. Maybe my visit was a fluke, but it was unbelievably bad. UPDATE: After my posting of this review, I was directly contacted by the owner. He assured me that my visit was a fluke, likely arising from the chaos of their expansion of the restaurant. He offered me a gift certificate and a second visit to show me how good the place really could be. (I had to decline the offer, only because I recently moved away from Gainesville.) I have to applaud any owner who takes such a strong personal interest in the experiences of their customers. So, while I stand by my criticisms of my own visit, I'm more inclined to give Reggae Shack the benefit of the doubt - it may very well be the excellent place that other reviewers have described.
This restaurant has to be one of the best in G-ville. Good: jerk chicken (the best thing in the world if you like HOT food) Whole fish: (Escovich fish- sry for the misspelling; this dish is not as spiced as the jerk chicken but has other flavors (sourness etc) that really make the dish pop. If you don't mind fish and are adventurous try both fish dishes!) Bad: the wait... it seems that Jamaicans take there time... so do not go there starving
Not that I've had a ton, but this is the best Jamaican I've ever had...the jerk tofu actually made me sweat which is what it's supposed to do! the server was sweet, gorgeous, and had no problem taking me through the menu after I mentioned it was my first time there... i am absolutely coming back to try some of the more authentic dishes like the ox tail and ackee next time i'm in gville :)
Reggae Shack is one of a few places where you can grab Jamaican food in Gainesville. The food is good, the atmosphere is nice, and the service is friendly. I've tried the Tropi-Q and Jerk wings. The Tropi-Q wings were alright, but the Jerk Wings are f$%*in spicy. Damn...felt like a truck over my mouth. Maybe its just me. But for those who can handle their spicy, or enjoy it, just try anything Jerk here. The curries are good and so are the shakes. The jamaican patty is good, especially the curry chicken patty. I've heard a lot about the Coco Bread, but it's just bread. Dutty Fries are pretty good (they are fries with spices and sugar). The festivals are hushpuppies that are sweet. They also have a good amount of vegetarian and vegan options too. Good place to eat. The service is great everytime I go, and there's always something for everyone on the menu.
Best food in Gainesville no doubt! The tofu is amazing and so are there fries. Everything was delicious and the portions were very satisfying! I love this place :)
Reggae Shack Café stays busy during all open hours.  We arrived at an odd time, during 2:30 in the afternoon, and there were still many groups of college kids dining at large tables in groups.  They have a great full color take out menu, as well as the same offerings for dine-in.  There is a cool vibe and posters of Dancehall and Reggae superstars on the walls, as well as great music being played.  The Chef will come out and visit you to make sure that your food is spicy enough, which is really sweet. Everything that we had here was delicious.  We of course had to start with an Original and Pink Ting Soda ($1.85 each), which are grapefruit sodas.  They even have Diet Ting, which I have never seen before.  Their drinks are about double the price that they should be, so make sure to order a water on the side to cover the spice.   A must try when eating here is the Coco Bread ($1.70),  which is a soft bread made like regular rolls; except egg, warm milk, and additional sugar is added during the rising process to make a sweet and creamy bread.  The Festivals ($1.95 for two) are small Twinkie sized crispy cornbread fritters that are super sweet, I recommend ordering them at the end of the meal instead of the beginning.  I did not taste any coconut milk in these and the traditional recipes do not call for coconut milk either.  But, that does not mean that Reggae Shack did not put their own twist on this traditional recipe, and that is their secret recipe to keep customers coming back.   I was surprised that their Beef Pattie ($1.75) is better than other places in town that only specialize in patties.  If you are looking for an authentic style patty where the meat stuffing is finely minced into a paste instead of larger pieces (non-traditional), then Reggae Shack has the real deal for you. The Brown Stew Fish ($12.99) is a lot of work to eat, but it is totally worth it.  It is an eight inch snapper that is deep fried and covered in sweet and tangy brown sauce, served on a bed of rice head and tail and everything in between.  Don't be scared of the head of the fish, and make sure to eat the cheek meat.  The Jerk Chicken ($8.50) are three mixed whole pieces of chicken covered in a dark spice liquid sauce, rather than a rub, and served with the standard sides. We ordered the Oxtail ($10.99) spicy and it sure was.  The Chef came out with another bowl of extra spicy sauce to make sure that it was spicy enough.  The serving of meat in this dish is about 2-3 pieces of oxtail that are stewed to tender perfection.  Served on a bed of rice with cabbage and plantains, like all of their other entrees.  I recommend adding pork chops on the bone to the menu for a similar effect and a lower price tag.  I know that pork chops are not authentic, but sometimes a business can deviate and remain creative and credible.   Their desserts look amazing, but we were too full of Coco Bread and Festivals to try them.  I would love to come back and try all of the items on their menu, especially their curries.  The chicken wings and vegan dishes looked amazing as well.  An excellent dining experience.   $46.20 before tip
Really good, though probably obscenely calorie-laden vegeterian/vegan food. HOWEVER, Reggae Shack loses an entire star for how clearly pissed the cashier gets when you don't order a drink. Listen: it's a recession. Times are tough. Your aloe vera 'juice' is a luxury.
AHHHH! I'm so INCREDIBLY sad that I could only eat here twice. Then it was back to SF. And, might I add, those two times were within twenty-four hours. Actually I ate there the second time as soon as I was recovered from the first time. In other words the portions are epic. (and I'd guess that the calorie count is epic as well) It is delicious! What more can I say? I will dream about this food from many miles away. Vegan choices abound....even vegan desserts! Good god, I was in heaven. The employees were friendly (if slow). Honestly I'd wait as long as I needed to to receive a heaping plate of rice and beans, plantains, and tofu stew here in sunny California.
When reading reviews for restaurants. I think the most important thing to check is the source.   As a Jamaican, who grew up eating this type of cuisine,  this restaurant is sub-par. The food is not only over  priced for the quality, but what I think makes matters worse is the fact that service is terrible. I have tried : Curry goat, brown-stew fish and the brown-stew chicken The common problem I find with their food is that it tastes very "fresh"  I do not get the rich hearty flavor like the cooking from back home, and this is the main disappointment. I must admit I have not tried their patties, so I cannot comment. I am still on the hunt for some good "authentic" Jamaican food. I may take Georgia B.'s advice and try Caribbean Queen
First time here?  Get the Brown Stew Chicken, it has a nice char-grilled taste and falls right off the bone.  What else needs to be said? Want Spicy?  Try the jerk tofu.... caution, you probably won't want to (or be able to) finish your meal if you ask for it extra spicy.  (Compare to insanity heat). Try something different?  Aloe Vera Water... Wow, not what I was expecting at all.  This stuff should be in every vending machine.  Little globs of sweet goodness in my drink!  Also a very nice compliment to anything spicy - i.e. use to cool off your mouth after receiving third degree burns from the tofu.
The first time I came here I ordered the jerk tofu. Steam shot out of my ears.
Delicious. I don't have the balls to order jerk anything. I usually cop out with a "My tongue is sensitive" line, but we convinced my friend Danny down there to do it. Good times. I wish I could've tried their desserts. Goooo thereeeee.
Reggae Shack is TOTALLY Wack!! So, for some reason (despite really wanting to go), I hadn't been to Reggae Shack in my 10 years of living in Gainesville, FL. Now, I wish I hadn't!! The food was crappy at best. Seriously!! I ordered the Jerk Tofu. It was sliced up tofu topped jerk sauce. That's it...It wasn't sauteed, or marinated, or anything...no thought, no intention, no good!! What's worse, we ordered "Chicken Tenders" for the little one. The description listed "white chicken meat" in it. What came out was 5 or 6 Tyson Chicken Dyno Nuggets. Really? When we inquired about them asking why the menu stated one thing and served another our (very sweet) server said she would ask the owner (Omar) about "making it right". She came back saying he said there was nothing he could do about it. Nothing he could do? He owns the place!! Plus, we were totally willing to pay for our crappy adult meals without question!! Again, really?! Don't waste your time or money at Reggae Shack. It's totally wack!!
Best food in Gainesville hands down absolutely no comparison.  I have had many things but can't stop eating that delicious Jerk Chicken with the cabbage that is to die for.  I swear, I have had Jerk Chicken in Jamaica and it was not even close to how delicious this is.  Make sure you get a Ginger Beer and some of those delicious festivals as well.  I could eat here every day because the food is soooo bomb and the service is great as well!
Mediocre at best!  If you're from the Caribbean or even Miami, you should know better.  You can actually see them microwaving your food. Go to Caribbean Queen, right up the road off NW 6th Street and 5th Avenue.  It's a tiny place, that looks like a place you'd be eating Jamaican food in Jamaica.  The food is made by a REAL Jamaican lady who knows what she's doing.  Any meal at Caribbean Queen is better than the "Shack" and you get more food for the price.  Also, don't leave without getting a Jerk Chicken Patty, trust me!
Another instance of a 3.5 star but I have to choose between 3 and 4 stars. The food was tasty/authentic and the service was very nice.  The orange paint everywhere was a bit much and makes you feel the same way you do in a room painted red. I can't really complain about anything but on the same token nothing really stood out to me as amazing enough to draw me back.
The jerk pork was cooked excellently, however it wasn't spiced or spicy enough. The rice and plantains were great, too. Great service. Decent for unauthentic Caribbean food.
I hope this was a one time deal but I got really bad food poisoning from this place. I won't be back any time soon. The coconut water, dame un cocotazo are the only thing to write hone about. Will be avoiding from now on. *edit* The owner has written to me after reading this review and after speaking with Reggae Shack, I really do believe this was a one time incident. P.S. Their festivals are quite good :)
I love to go here and cry. Spicy tempeh, curry palm hearts, veggie mince, ginger beer, steamed cabbage and carrots, plantains. So good.
Food is great. Your staff need more training to really be proactive and pay attention to whats going on to ensure guest satisfaction in terms of service.
We saw an advertisement on the interstate and decided to check it out - Wow! We ate ox tails, Caribbean chicken, curry chicken, and callaloo with salt fish. Everyone raved about their dishes. I really wanted to try the desserts but they were out today so I'll have to go back on my next trip.
I visited this restaurant for the first time ever today and it was amazing! I had the curry chicken, it was a great value and was super delicious! I was hooked on this place immediately and this definitely won't be my last visit. On the down side, my waitress wasn't the best but the food was excellent enough to convince me to come back.
This place is good. Just good. It's different enough to want to stop in to satisfy a craving every once in a while (the festivals are kickass) but not so good that you need to bring everyone you know to try it out. After a summer away from Gainesville I decided I needed to satisfy a craving for festivals. I got the boneless brown stew chicken instead of the bone-in brown stew chicken. I was feeling a little crazy and wanted to try something different. Worst mistake I've ever made here. The chicken was stringy and kind of spongy, not tender and fall of the bone delicious like the bone-in. I left disappointed with my chicken but happy I got to have their delicious festivals. Oh well. As always, we waited around 30 minutes for our food when the restaurant only had about five tables filled. It's good enough that I never leave because of the long wait, but probably one of the things that makes me only give them 3 stars. I should probably try this Caribbean Queen place people keep posting about.
I went here one a whim, and I was pleasantly surprised by my order. I got the Brown Stew Tofu, it came with rice, cabbage and two plantains. It was a hearty serving, and I was able to take some home with me. The stew had a sweet tangy flavor, it wasn't spicy at all. The cabbage was also pretty flavorful. The tofu had a weird constancy, but it was still pretty good. My bf ordered the goat curry, and he wasn't too impressed. It was pretty spicy, and aside from the spice flavor, there wasn't much flavor to the dish. Another annoying aspect of this plate, was how many tiny bones were in the curry. The environment was okay, nothing stellar, and seating was pretty limited. The wait for the food was ridiculous, I think it's because they try and fulfill the "to go orders" first. Our server was nice, and was on top of refilling our water cups. I would most likely come back, but definitely ordering to go, it isn't worth it to wait.
I think the owner is losing control of his kitchen. i say this b/c the food is starting to go south in preparation quality.   First of all i now ONLY order for take out b/c it always takes 40+ min to get your food when you dine in and is too hot in there for that nonsense. The traditional dishes are stellar and i would have said a yr or so ago that you could not go wrong ordering one of those choices but now i notice that two of the last three times the rice is hard and is REALLY undercooked. What set me off was last week (around 08/09/10) i orderd a to go dish with a veggie pattie as well and when i got home the pattie was burnt.       B U R N T!!!   all the way through to the filling. it was an inedible solid piece of burnt pastry.  WHY OH WHY would someone pick that from the warmer look at it and then pack it to serve to a customer???? the staff needs to be retrained and taught what the food should look like. i like this place but the Caribbean Queen wouldn't let food like that slip out her kitchen.
After so many years of living in Gainesville, I finally stopped in to try this place out during my last visit. I ordered the curry chicken and it was so good! The dish came with rice and peas, steamed cabbage and plantains. The chicken was so tender that it fell right off the bone and was not spicy. The portion was large enough that I had leftovers for a midnight meal after a night out! The atmosphere was nice as there was reggae music playing in the background to give it more of an island feel. The servers were really nice but a bit slow. Despite that, now I know why people rave about this place being so good and will definitely be back!
Visit Date: 10.19.2010 This place has mad good Jamaican food, served sit-down dining style. Numerous Jamaican portraits and pieces line the interior walls of the place. I had the oxtail platter, which consisted of tender oxtail meat, cabbage, rice & beans, and 2 fried plantains. Everything was moist and flavorful. Also had wonderful festivals, which are kind of like fried cornbread, came out freshly hot, such that I burned my tongue.
The food is always fresh and hot which is important to me. Several of the foods I remember getting when I was in Jamaica and it is just as good. I have always enjoyed the live music while there, the musicians are usually great local performers.
Granted their Jamaican dishes are good and spicy but don't expect them to be burning hot, particularly not their jerk dishes (yes, they are pretty hot but there are higher levels of spice out there). Their oxtail is really good and so are their Jamaican patties for appetizers. The bread is amazing for dinner. The downside of this place are the prices and the service, which tends to be slow. There are a few options for drinks that are quite refreshing, or you can try their Jamaican beer...either way don't get water. As in many Jamaican places their dishes contain bones, but sometimes this place can be quite annoying as to the amount of bones you have to remove and the actual amount of meat you can eat. Their sweet plantains need improvement but their rice and salad is good as gold.
Easy going atmosphere but the food is anything but easy going. If you get the jerk burger get your drink ready. This amazing vegetarian sandwich is going to change your view on what is the taste of veggie food. Great music, great location.
Great vegan food! Very spicy and flavorful. Two words: vegan steak. Very pricey for college food, that that's the only reason I can think that I wouldn't want to go there much more often when I stop in Gainesville. I mean, how can I not give a good review to a place that has 11 vegan dishes and vegan carrot cake. It really refreshing to find a place anywhere in florida that has things like tempeh and seitan. The South in general is just a sucky place for vegans to live. Their soda selection is interesting too. Wouldn't really call it Jamaican food though... but that doesn't make it not good.
I had the oxtail, signiture dish and it was sooooo TASTY!  I will definately go back to try everything else that looked good on the menu!  The meat was nice and juicy, and the sauce was very savory!
Upscale-ish Jamaican restaurant. The food here is pretty damn good, the service is friendly and decent, the decor is generic and unique at the same time. They are masters of fried food. Everything I've had fried has been perfect. Subsequently, expect to smell like oil when you leave. The festivals are fried cornbread like sweet things with coconut milk I believe....it feels like carnival food and is a must! Great vegetarian/vegan choices. I love their seitan sandwich except that they are skimpy on the seitan. I tried to get them to add extra (several times) but they refuse to do so. Except one waitress told me that they could add more but would have to charge for an extra sandwich.....kind of absurd, but still great sandwich (all the other ones are great too). The Jamaican curries are delicious and a slight step up from other Jamaican curries though you do pay extra for it. In fact that is a great way to sum up Reggae Shack in general.......better than average, but you pay extra for it. They are different from Indian curries in that they are not as strong and taste like they have msg in them (though I'm thinking they don't, bc I don't feel dizzy after). Their platters come with brown rice, greens, and plaintains. A pretty good amount of food. The sandwiches come with dutty fries, which are perfectly fried french fries with a liberal dusting of a spicy/sugar mix. They also have a good selection of drinks including a few beers, Jamaican drinks, and smoothies. I used to drink the ginger beer until I noticed it has corn syrup. Their smoothies are pricey but its enough to share with 2-3 people and they are pretty delicious. Make sure to tell them you are vegan though b/c they won't ask (as a friend of mine always likes to remind me of this one time....).
Really cute place with great food.  Glad we found this place on Yelp and tried it out.  Love the jerk spices!!
Reggae Shack is a great place in the no-man's land of Gainesville. It's not quite downtown and it's definitely not midtown. Given that, it's a great secret that you should check out. The food here is great. The times I've been in have lead me to so me great discoveries. Even my father, whose tastes aren't very exotic, found a few unconventional dishes he liked. If its your first time, I suggest the ox tail and bread fruit. The service here is great as well. On my most recent visit the server (Kerry Ann, I believe) went out of her way to help us and even tried to pry a recipe for their curry vinaigrette from the kitchen for me. The general atmosphere here is casual, as one might expect from such a place. Right now they are doing some renovations, so if you're looking for slick, and immaculate you won't find that. But for the food and the service, reggae shack is great!
Ate here with friends while on business in Gainesville back in February. Jerk chicken was awesome along with the Banks beer. Would definitely hit this joint again if ever in the area.
Went to Reggae the other day and order 1/2 wings to go.  Got home and there were only 5.  Either they can't count or they're holding back.  Count your wings and don"t tip until you do!
This place has a great vegan selection. Standard pricing and the portions are big. My jerk sandwich was so spicy!! Like pits of hell spicy!!! It ruled! The "Now Hiring" sign is a fluke fyi.
Ah, Reggae Shack, you showed me that Gainesville does have some culinary glimmers of hope. After spending 3 months being dazzled by the culinary delights of DC/MD/VA, I was not looking forward to returning to the Gainesville mecca of blah food and chain-restaurants. This was my 2nd visit to the Shack, but first time dining-in and I was definitely not disappointed. Parking was actually not bad on Friday night around 8p and we were seated immediately. Ambience: Very bright, colorful, reggae-style decor. There are tons of framed posters of Jamaican and reggae icons. It looks clean and nicer than your average hole-in-the-wall establishment. Service: There was no wait to be seated on Fri 8p, but we waited a while before a server noticed us. However, he explained that he was just taking over for another server and from that point on, his service was awesome! Genuine, attentive, and not overbearing. That's all I need. Food: We started off with the Beef Patty, which was not bad. I didn't get much of the "spice" that was described. It was good, but we may or may not order it again. I think I'd try the Coco Bread next time instead. I ordered the bone-in Curry Chicken. It was so very delicious. Tasty, fall-off-the-bone tender chicken. It almost reminded me of my mom's Vietnamese curry chicken, but not as yellow. All the dishes also come with rice & peas (which look like kidney beans to me), steamed cabbage, and plaintains. The plaintains were perfectly cooked and carmelized. The steamed cabbage was tasty, and the rice and peas absorbed some of the stew juices from my chicken, which was ideal. Hubzstahh ordered the oxtail and enjoyed that very much. However, it seems like a dish that might be an acquired taste. I had a taste and I'm not sure if it is the seasonings or the gaminess, but there was something I didn't like very much. But again, he is into that and liked it very much. At my previous visit here, I ordered carry-out and got the Jerk Chicken with the festivals. They are not kidding when they say the Jerk Chicken is spicy. I love spicy, but it made me sweat for the rest of the day. The festivals are some deep-fried balls of cornmeal and pretty delish and necessary to calm your palate if you're getting the Jerk Chicken. Next time I definitely want to try their new item: Deluxe Dulce De Leche Festivals. It sounds amaaazing. Will update you when I make that happen.
I just booked my flight for Fest weekend and was thinking about you guys.  I cannot wait to eat your food again! Food is delicious and service is super friendly - what more could you ask for!
I finally got the chance to eat here. Have driven past their billboard on 75 many times. Reggae Shack did not disappoint with menu selection and quality of food !! I had the Curry Goat, outstanding ! And a Mango-Passion Fruit smoothie, enough for 2, maybe even 3 ! My friend had the Jerk boneless chicken, another win ! Be advised the Jerk is AUTHENTIC and spicy ! As it should be !! We split an app of breadfruit ( a personal fav) and fried plantains. All entrees come with a side of fried plantains, but we wanted more ! We left stuffed to the gills, no room for dessert. The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the staff could have been a little more attentive at our table. She was super nice and personable, but wished she would have stopped at our table more often to check on drinks etc. And the rice was rather blah, really didn't have much flavor. Def want to come back and try more menu items !
Great Curry Seatan and traditional Jamaican food. You can't beat it.
Food was great and plentiful--and spicy!! I took it to go, and it came out fairly quickly. The service was very friendly.  Was a little pricier than I hoped, but I would definitely eat there again.
I was so excited to eat here.  The atmosphere was nice, music was refreshing, and the menu was diverse and unique. Our server Jordan was very friendly and attentive, but it took about 30 minutes to get our food. That wouldn't have been a problem if the food had been good, but we were disappointed. I ordered the callalou and crab at the recommendation of the server, but the crab was canned and the greens weren't fresh either. Most plates come with beans and rice and cabbage, which are well prepared. Boyfriend ordered the curry goat, which was edible but not nearly as good as the two Caribbean restaurants we have back in Birmingham. Youngest son ordered plain wings not wanting spicy sauce, which threw them for a loop and came out greasy and bland. I ordered the festivals appetizer after the praises I saw on yelp, but they were stale and dense. My oldest ordered a tropique burger, which he loved. However, the fries had a sugary coating, which just doesn't work as well for us as savory salty fries. Wish it had been as good as I had hoped. With plenty of vegan and veggie choices, I hope they survive.
The freakin' bomb. Period.
Reggae Shack Cafe: Go there. Brown Stew Chicken: Eat this. Pina Colada Festival: Indulge yourself. Die happy!
I can't speak to the authenticity. Honestly though, I don't care. I've been here several times and I've tried everyones' food and its all good. Brown Stew Chicken, Ox Tail, Curry, etc. That said, I can't help but get the same thing every time... Boneless Curry Fried Chicken. That stuff is ridiculously good. I don't see myself deviating any time soon. The meat pies are good, but again, no clue on authenticity. I'm told some of the stuff is really spicy but I haven't been floored by anything and I don't consider myself to be a spicy food lover. I would suggest getting boneless over bone-in options when given the choice, if only for convenience. Ox Tail doesn't give you that option, for example, but its still great. My dish of choice is like $1.50 more because its boneless (which may mean its white vs dark meat as well), but its fine by me. Service can be a little slow and its still pretty hole-in-the-wall, so not quite 5 star worthy... but definitely worth a visit every few weeks. Update- been a while but only gotten better... One of my favorites.
Their food is INCREDIBLE! The staff is all crazy friendly, and the chef ALWAYS comes around to make sure you're enjoying your meal! (I suspect he's also the owner.) They have WONDERFUL vegetarian options (I can't get enough of their curry tempeh!), and everything is seasoned beautifully. The atmosphere is relaxed, happy, and fun. I can't say enough good things about this place, and I can't honestly think of anything I'd change about it!
I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! The food is authentic and delicious! Everything on the menu is better than you would expect. Although the wait may be a bit longer than some restaurants, it's definitely worth it. I would rather wait a couple extra minutes for something that tastes incredible. The service and staff are so friendly and helpful. You can't help leaving with a smile and feeling like you've made new friends. I accidentally left my "to go" box on the table as I was leaving, and the next thing I know, our waiter was rushing our of the restaurant towards out vehicle with my food in his hand. I was more than grateful and even more surprised. Where else do you get service like that? The wait to get a table can take a while at certain time, but that is always a good sign. Also, try the breadfruit. Great way to start off a meal.
The Jerk Tofu is phenomenal.  Every time I'm in Gainesville, I refuse to leave without enjoying a meal at the Reggae Shack.
Nice surprise. LOTS of vegan options. The place is very relaxed, the staff was great and everything we ordered was really good. I was a little concerned it might be too spicy for me, but all the spice was tempered with a sweetness. Even the fries.  Totally coming back.
As someone who loves spicy foods I just love the jerk chicken.  Sure it causes sweating, but the combination of the chicken with the rice and peas and the cabbage with a couple of festivals (sweet corn bread) thrown in makes this meal out of this world.  Wash it all down with some Ting and you will be in heaven!  The service is a little slow, but not as slow as any place I have ever eaten in the Caribbean.
Good food.  Spicy was awesome.  Rice was a bit too mushy for my taste (too much water in the cooking).  Great flavor in general.  Staff was "forgetful" but nice.
I think Dan needs to eat there again.  I used to love the Vegan Steak but I think the Veggie Mince is my new favorite.  The portions are huge.  The festivals are a must - think hush puppies made with cocnut milk.  I also recommend the smoothies (I don't think they are on the menu) - Mango especially!
I don't understand why this place is rated so high. It's average food for a high price. Everything is really gooey and slimy and they skimp on the amount of food they serve. I guess it's a decent choice if you're on University Ave and don't feel like eating fast food or riding to downtown.
YOU HAVE TO TRY IT MON!! Their goat curry and shrimp curry are just incredible.  If you like it extra hot just ask him and he'll make your mouth burn! I also enjoyed the festivals (I'm not sure that is a 100% authentic jamaican dish, but who knows?  They are little breadlike morsels that are fried, they taste realllly good!)  I think they give you very large portions for the money, so I definently still think it is a good deal (I usually make 2 meals out of 1 entree)
First time back since the remodeling. Walking in I was a bit shocked with how much bigger and nicer it was. Sat down, no wait. Probably the best wait service experience I've had in town hands down. Very knowledgeable about the menu and drink selections. Its always a plus when the waiter can answer pretty much any question about the menu you can have, while also offering suggestions. The food is to die for. The escoveitch wings are out of this world. Full of flavor. And that oxtail. I cannot find the words to describe how good it is. Just get it, you will not be disappointed. Also, the palm heart salad is a must have. Very tasty and big portions of everything. I can't believe I waited so long to come back after their temporary hiatus. Definitely still one of if not my favorite restaurant in town. Can't wait to try some of the new things on their menu in the future.
Great jerk chicken - very spicy!
This place needs help.  Example: A wine list with suggested food pairings doesn't belong on the same table as a bottle of Heinz ketchup.   Food service out of the kitchen was very slow.  I don't blame the waitstaff for the slow delivery, but I do think they should serve something on the table like plaintain chips or something else to snack on to endure the eternal wait.  (On the way out, I noticed one of only three of the kitchenstaff just hanging out at one of the tables up front).  My two companions received their food way before I received mine.  Their graciousness to wait for the arrival of my food was slowly erroded by yet another eternal wait, and it was during this period I noticed several other tables with incomplete service.  They enjoyed their curried hearts of palm and tofu dishes, but their signature dish, the oxtails, once they finally arrived were overcooked, tough, and just plain terrible.  Stewed dishes such as this should be falling off the bone and certainly shouldn't be the slowest to be served.  And at $14 bucks per plate, not a good value.  I admit that I'm a big eater, but I also know when to point out skimpy servings.   One comment to our overall attentive waitress;  don't go schmooze other tables right after I ask for my check, I just wanted to put this terrible experience to rest.  I'll conclude with the most positive thing I can say about this place - it sucks.
By far the most authentic place to eat in Gainesville. I love their shrimp curry, Jerk chicken, oxtail, starters, everything... A little on the spicier side, so if you have a weak stomach beware!
Reggae Shack makes the best curried hearts of palm I have ever tasted. I have tried some of the other items on the menu but I always come back to that dish. My husband loves the jerk tofu though it makes his eyes water. Great value.
I'm sorry but I am going to avoid this place like the plague. I am a very patient person, but my patient doesn't include waiting 45 minutes for food and a drink refill. Not only did the waitress forgot about our appetizer, but she (epic) failed to serve us at all. I was uber upset at the service of this place. The food was good, but slightly over-priced. I'd rather go to my Haitian friends for food than come here for a nightmare of a dining experience
Highly recommended for Jamaican food! Jerk chicken was served with bones and skin in a spicy stew type of sauce, and it is extremely spicy. The sweetness of the plantains were refreshing for the taste buds. It also comes with steamed cabbage and usually, rice, although this time they ran out of rice. However, the service was friendly, and they offered us a peace offering of festivals, which is similar to cornbread. Food- Amazing, but just note that if you have somewhere to be, it might take a while to get your food, but you will work up an appetite to eat all the delicious offerings. This place was described to us as the one place you need to eat at in Gainesville, and the flavors did not disappoint.
I remember when this place only had two tables and it was run by a mother and son team. I worked down the road and would walk there to get their veggie mince special, which is just TVP in a different sauce everyday. Back then, it cost $4.45 and included rice, beans, cabbage and a plantain. Somedays it would be spicy, somedays sweet. Everyday it was good. I recently ate there again and they have grown so much! The food is still just as good!!! Vegan friendly and not pretentious. Love it!
The waiter we had was really funny and helpful. We got a few different dishes and all of them were pretty darn good!
Cabbage is delicious, and the spicy tempeh was full of flavor. Absolutely delicious meal, and quite unexpected given the location (parking can be a bit tough as it's located right in that awkward area between midtown and downtown).
I have eaten here 3xs & it is by far the best Jamaican food I have eaten in CF.  I've had ox tail, jerk wings, escoveich fish, & a few desserts.  Ammmaaazzziiinnnggg
My first time here because we were having our car serviced at Gatorland Toyota nearby. I like the decor, posters of Bob Market, Sean Paul, and Buju Banton to name a few. Our server, Calvin, recommended an excellent barber shop, called So Sharp, We just got some special fries that taste like any other fries, except they are had sugar! What a weird but wonderful sensation!        Now my wife ordered the eskovitch fish, and I ordered the jerk chicken. Oh I forgot, Calvin recommended a drink I've been meaning to try, an aloe vera drink. It is fan-tas-tic! Back to our food, my wife's fish was very good, because she gave me a taste. She said her fish is tender, tangy, and oh so right! My jerk chicken is phenomenal! We expected to wait a while since this is natural food, but our food arrived within 10-15 minutes of our being seated. I'm sure I speak for my family when I say I would HIGHLY recommend this DIAMOND ALL....DAY.....LONG! :)
I wanna rate this place higher, and may come back to do so after eating there more than once. But what I got was pretty tasty, just really too spicy and pricey to justify more than 3 stars. I mean, I should have known what I was getting into with the jerk chicken in this authentic place, but it seared my taste buds shut I think. that plus a Jamaican soda came to $10, which seems high. I'll be back though for sure... (boy, this review kind of sucked... I promise to revise it!)
This was seriously good food.  I've been to Reggae Shack twice now and I've been very pleased with the experience. The festivals - big, sweet hush puppies - are amazing.  Honestly, I really like the rest of the food here, but the plain festivals are just so good that I have to spend a bit of time talking them up! I've tried the Boneless Jerk Chicken, the Boneless Curry Chicken, and the Brown Stew Chicken.  The curry was well-flavored and tasty, if a bit salty.  The jerk sauce was, as everyone has mentioned, very, very, spicy - approach with caution.  I like hot food, but this stuff cleared out my nostrils and left my eyes watering - I felt like I'd just eaten a quarter-cup of wasabi! The best entree I tried was the Brown Stew Chicken.  My friend actually ordered it and was kind enough to let me sample it.  I'm not sure I would have done the same; it was so good, I probably would have just kept it to myself!  There was a nice peppery flavor underlying the whole dish.  It's definitely on my "must-eat" list. I also sampled a bit of the Kola Champagne (somewhat misleading, since it's a non-alcoholic soda), which my friend correctly labeled as tasting like a fruity cream soda. The service was very friendly, but the wait has been longer than I expected both times I visited.  I didn't find the wait to be a problem, though, as the servers are attentive to refills and will bring out side items (like the festivals, hint, hint!) as they are ready if you ask.  Overall, I would strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone interested in some good, spicy food.
This place is amazing! I always get the brown stew chicken (sweet flavor) because I cannot handle the spiciness of jerk chicken, but I've only heard amazing things about it from my friends. Price is very affordable in the area for college students and I remember always bringing out of town friends to dine in there while I was in school
Reggae Shack has my favorite vegetarian food in Gainesville right now.  I especially like that they use separate utensils to prepare the food *and* they use seperate utensils and plates to serve the food.  Some people I know say the food is too greasy but it's never seemed particularly greasy to me.  I usually get either the veggie steak or the veggie mince each come with a delicious peppery gravy, steamed vegetables, rice and peas *and* plantains.  It's enough food to feed two people easily (that's why I usually split it).  Smoothies, salads, caribbean patties (although the ones at Caribbean spice are better), and jamaican sodas.  Watch out for the jerk, it's spicy!
I'm not supposed to eat spicy food, so I don't feel like I got to sample enough of a meal to really say much besides that it looked and  smelled delicious! I did try their meat patty with a mango smoothie and it was so good that I think of it often. I definitely suggest giving them a try.
Love this place. The brown stew chicken falls off the bone. The beef patties are excellent. The jerk is damn hot, but awesome. The Red Stripes are always nice and cold!
This place is great, but it avoids a perfect score because the food is oversalted. This has happened on multiple occasions. The jerk chicken wings are a very tasty (and spicy) appetizer, and I usually follow up with one of the classics: curry goat, oxtail, or saltfish.
Its okay.  Beef patties are tad dry and their saving grace is their fast and somewhat cheap.
I got the jerk tofu sandwich, I like spicy food but man...this was way too spicy, I could only eat a third of it. My mouth was on fire. I really wish they would make a more medium spiced version...my fiance liked the brown chicken stew.
My family and I went to Reggae Shack in February and have no intention of going back.  Our relatives were visiting from out of town and we wanted to take them to a unique, local place - Reggae Shack made sure everyone would regret that decision.   Our visit to Reggae Shack took approximately 3.5 hours (not including the ~1 hour waiting to be seated.)  If the restaurant was packed or they were understaffed, it would have been understandable, but it wasn't.  There were plenty of servers, plenty of tables - the problem was with the quality of service - both in the kitchen and on the floor.   I work in food service, most of my friends work in food service, it takes a pretty bad experience for me to tip less than 20% on a check but this time, we left no tip at all. Our server would completely disappear for 40 minute stretches at a time.  We had to pull aside other servers to ask for things like water and utensils.  We weren't the only table she was neglecting, we noticed she had at least two other tables, both of which were being completely ignored.   We would occasionally see her walking around but she only stopped by our table twice - once to take our order and once to drop off the check.  It appeared she was going into the kitchen and hanging out with the kitchen staff.  Out of the 3.5 hours we spent at our table, only about 25 minutes were spent with food.  Our meals took an unreasonable amount of time to arrive, they were not served at the same time, some were cold and most were over-seasoned (with salt) or under-seasoned and completely bland.  The kitchen was out of stock on a good portion of the vegan menu items that night even though we arrived at a fairly standard dinner time (6:00PM) and some of their menu items had been discontinued (for quite some time) but the menu had not be amended to reflect that. It seems the owners are busy expanding this location or opening a new restaurant (or both) and it clearly shows.  There was absolutely no oversight at the restaurant that night.   No one was in charge and therefore, no one was being held accountable for anything.  The kitchen was not responsible for the quality of food they put out and the wait staff was not responsible for the quality of service they provided. I cannot say if everyone that ate at Reggae Shack that night had a bad experience - some of the servers appeared to be pretty on top of things.  I think we were unlucky in our draw of server and food prep that night, but it was bad enough to deter us from going back.
Catchy, cute idea for a restaurant in a college town. Good food, but not super high quality. I liked the atmosphere, but not the sticky floor under my table! My town doesn't have many creative restaurants because it serves the zombie masses at Olive Garden but I will be going back on my next visit to Gainesville. Good people.  All the food was a bit too salty including the salad but hey, it was fun.  To sum it all up, I liked the flavors and the service was superb.
The curry tofu with plantains I think is still my favorite dish in Gainesville. 100% nicer atmosphere than when they opened, but they're still slow for lunch. I don't get to go here often enough!
The service was fast, friendly, and attentive even on a busy Friday night.  Food was amazing, well priced, and good beer options.  The curry chicken was sweat but savory.  The jerk chicken was full of flavor.  I would have liked a bit more spiciness on jerk but with a little hot sauce it was perfect for my taste.  I will say the dinning room was smokey but it didn't ruin the experience.  I will absolutely be back to try some of the veggie options.
This place was awesome, the staff was very friendly. They asked us our names when we sat down and addressed us by the the remainder of the meal, something that is a little different but kind of nice. It was our first time there and the waitress walked us through the menu making helpful recommendations. I ordered the Jerk chicken dish, it was amazing! The spice level was just right, I highly recommend it, but have a cold drink on hand because it may be a little intense for some. This place is super legit, will definitely go again!
Fantastic jerk chicken and curried goat whenever I am working at UFL Med school. Great ambience at this place. All the main meals come with Jamaican rice, fried plantains, and cooked cabbage and carrot side.
This is one of those places that you can order multiple items on the menu and it wont be a waste. To start, my friend usually orders the festivals but i ordered the fried breadfruit with curry sauce. Breadfruit is very similar to yuca and this place makes it so good. The curry tempeh is out of this world, sooo tasty. Its not too salty but very spicy and flavorful. My friend ordered the escovich tofu and the allspice seeds added a nice touch. The portions weren't huge but definitely filling. I cant wait to try this place again and again and again.
Delicious food, but not crazy about it. I like the cabbage sides. The oxtail was good. The jerk was really, really spicy- had to drink after every bite.
I ate here for the first time during my first Fest, and this was hands down the best meal of the weekend.  I got the jerk chicken and everything on my plate was just amazing.  The chicken was perfectly spicy, with just enough heat to make me sweat but not so much that it killed my taste buds.  I will definitely make a point of eating here during every Fest I attend from this point onward.
This is one of the best places in Gville to get Spicy food. Their Jerk Tofu is amazing!!! Also their chocolate festivals are the best desert I've had so far. Everyone at my job, loves. I recommend this place.
Reggae Shack is really good. My mother in law is from Trinidad so we have had authentic ox tails, goat curry, roti, etc and hers is 100% better than the cafe, but its good for Gainesville. Their oxtail is by far the best, and you have to try the dirty fries. Mm now after writing this I want reggae shack!
Definitely get the brown stew chicken. But plan on being there for 2-4 hours. The slow service is part of the experience
Awesome, awesome, awesome. Brown stew, jerk chicken, ox tail.  you cannot go wrong.   festivals are just a plus. Adding detail would just echo the previous commenters
Good selection of vegetarian options with some nice, spicy flavors.
I'm embarrassed it took me so long to eat here. I had a great meal, the waitress was honest about HOW hot the Jerk chicken was, for which I'm grateful. Ordered the jerk wing appetizer instead which was ka-pow! hot and yummy. The Chicken curry was great, the serving size was too much for me, but it made for a good lunch the next day.  We'll definitely be back.
Love it. We've been going here reguarly for two years and we've never had a bad experience. The food is absolutely delicious-the seitan curry is amazing! They have some of the nicest servers in Gville by far, and we've never had to wait for a table. Yum, Yum, Yum. Our kid begs to go here on a regular basis.
Delicious!  We had the Breadfruit and the Festivals for appetizers, followed by the Curry Palm Hearts and the Spicy Tempeh.  We ate so much we thought we would burst, and then ate more!  Best food I've had since I got to Gainesville and I am definitely going back!
There are so many awesome things I can say about reggae shack, I think this place is secretly always the main reason I go visit friends in Gainesville! I have NEVER been disappointed with the food from this place, it honestly only gets better. What I love so much is the HUGE amount of vegetarian/vegan options they have. There are so few places that really know how to cook up some good tempeh but reggae shack gets it right every single time! You know how much this place rocks because it is always packed regardless of what day of the week it is. There are so many things I love on their menu, but I promise I won't go on forever! :) I am so picky about chicken wings, my boyfriend always makes fun of me because I have two bites and always pass the rest on to him but the escoviech wings at reggae shack are to die for! He knows that when it comes to these wings, there is never enough left to pass on to him! They are cooked in a sauce that is sweet and spicy, even though the menu says its made with scotch bonnet peppers, the spice is not to hard to handle, so even if you are hesitant to try spicy things, the escoviech wings are a must! If you are looking for a meal on the lighter side, the palm hearts salad is soooo yummy and the passion fruit vinaigrette is so light and refreshing, it goes perfect with the salad. I am not a big meat eater so my favorite meals from here are the spicy tempeh and brown stew tofu. All the meals come with cabbage, plantains, and rice and peas. Some places cook tempeh but it still somehow has that gritty texture but reggae shack has it down to perfection, the tempeh is always cooked right and the sweet and spicy sauce they use is delicious. Even if you are a big meat eater, the vegetarian options are a must! They also have the best brown stew sauce, the brown stew chicken is so tender it falls right off the bone! Always ask for extra brown stew sauce, it tastes awesome with the rice and peas. For those who love seafood, Callaloo and saltfish is amaaaaazing! So for those visiting friends at UF or if you are just in the Gainesville area, you better stop by reggae shack to try a piece of Jamaican heaven! :)
Excellent curry goat, very tender melted in my mouth. The young man that was our server was very attentive and never let my red stripe run out. The music on Sunday is jazz but not reggae, that's why they only get 4 stars.
Large portions on the boneless jerk chicken, delicious escoviech wings with scotch bonnets and carrots. We liked that the plate came with plantains as well as the rice and steamed cabbage. This place tends to be spicy spicy!! But does have varying levels of spicy for those who need a break. Would recommend and return.
Love the oxtail!
Wow.  Incredible food.  Very busy, service a little bit slow, but well worth the wait.
One of the best spots in Gainesville. Every single item on the menu is great. The coconut cake is my favorite desert in Gainesville, except maybe a super stacked brownie sundae from Karma Cream.
Easily the best food in Gainesville. Can't get enough.
I know this place probably deserves better than a one star rating, but we did not have a good experience here.  We came around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon.  The restaurant was moderately busy.  There were only three other tables seated when we arrived.  We ordered 6 wings, the ox tail, and a mango smoothie.  It took approximately 40 minutes for our food to come out and the server totally forgot about our smoothie.  The food was good, although the ox tail was very fatty.  The ox tail came with rice, two plantains, and some tasty cabbage.  We also ordered ranch with our wings, but that was a rip-off because the ranch was 95 cents and it came in a tiny plastic dipping container.  The wings were soaked in some kind of sauce so ranch was not really necessary.  Finally, it took us at least another 15 minutes to get our credit card rung up.  During this whole process, our server did not even update us on our order or apologize for the slow service.  All of the tables that arrived before and after us also received slow service.  One table even broke out playing cards to pass the time.  Two other tables waited so long, they went to the front to grab the free newsletters to read.  The staff and owner were nice, but the service was just way too slow.
The service is terrible and slow, but the food totally makes up for it. The curry tempeh and brown stew chicken is the best.
Great food. I love how the smell from the kitchen hits you as soon as you open the door. Traveling in from Nashville and was told I had to try this place. The Jerk Chicken was awesome. My coworker had the goat and said it wasn't baaaadddd.....
I looked up reggae shacks menu online and was super excited to try their; so I ordered the vegan steak sandwich for lunch.  I was unprepared for the hour wait and the poor service that we got.  The only thing our waitress did was bring us cups with water, from there on a girl with a pitcher just kept refilling it and I presume the chef or kitchen assistant brought out our food.  My sandwich was cold and the piece of seitan in it was small.  The fries were stale but seasoned so wonderfully that I overlooked their state.  We had ordered starters, festivals, and our waitress forgot them so we received them during our meal which defeats the purpose of a starter.  It would have been something nice to munch on during our hour wait.  The festivals were delicious they have a hint of coconut that made them one of a kind.  I felt a little underwhelmed by the quality and portion of the food for the price.
I've been to reggae shack several times before. The food is a bit expensive, but was always uniquely flavorful and tasty. After my visit today, I will never go back and will never recommend this restaurant to anyone. After walking in and being ignored at the front stand for several minutes, we were awkwardly seated at the back of the restaurant in what seemed to be more of a chore for the employee. Twenty five minutes went by without anyone coming to see us, and all of our attempts to get the attention of the three barely busy servers were ignored as they refused to make eye contact. In disbelief, our "two top" decided to leave, finally being acknowledged by a server who said "thanks for coming."  On the walk out, we made the three employees at the front stand aware that we waited for almost half an hour without being spoken to and that we were leaving. The response we received was "I'm so sorry" and then an awkward pause, after which we left dissatisfied.
I'm upgrading to four stars. Not for any really specific reason, but they've been pretty good the last several times I've been. I didn't notice any food skimping after my last review, so I guess it was a one-time thing.
Callaloo! I was so excited to finally try callaloo and was not disappointed. The sides that came with it were amazing as well. However, the service left something to be desired. My colleague ordered a beer which took a while to come and it was served warm, yuck. Being a good sport she drank it and didn't complain. The strangest part of the meal was dessert. We wanted to try the festivals since they sounded amazing. Fried dough topped with caramel, sweetened condensed milk, chocolate, and ice cream? Yes please. Well the first time the server brought them out there was no ice cream, so we asked for some on the side and proceeded to eat the festivals which were kinda dry and not that great. We were then told the kitchen messed up and was going to give us a new order. By this point we were really full, but didn't complain. Almost twenty minutes later the second order came out, ice cream and all. They were much better. However, the "quick" dinner after a long day of work turned out to be almost two hours! If I return to Gainesville I'll be ordering take out from Reggae Shack and skipping dessert.
Love this place.  I've lunched at the Shack for the last three saturdays and enjoyed every visit.  The decor, music , and staff take me back to Jamaica.  The waitresses are super friendly and helpful in guiding you through the extensive menu.  As a vegetarian I am especially pleased with the vegan and veggie choices.  Over my visits I've worked my way upwards on the heat scale.  The Caribbean Tempeh sandwich blends a delicious medium heat with a sweet tropical flavor.  The dirty fries and a cold Red Stripe bring back island memories.  A side of festivals is a yummy treat for dessert.  With the encouragement of my waitress I progressed this week to the Jerk Tofu plate.  Firey Jerk sauced tofu along with rice and peas, cabbage, and sweet plantains made for a blazing lunch.  The cold Red Stripe turned my "Man vs. Food" experience into a taste bud reggae.  Reggae Shack offers the vegan and omnivore a delicious trip to the Caribbean without paying for checked baggage.
I really enjoy going to places that have creative authentic dishes from other countries, and this is one of the best in Gainesville, along with including vegetarian dishes for those who like them.
Very unique and tasty restaurant, this is definitely one of my favorite places to go to and I LOVE their wide selection of vegetarian food. The first time I went there with my boyfriend, we ordered curry tempeh and brown stew tofu. It was so good, tangy and flavorful and perfection. Only part I didn't like was the cabbage, I don't like cabbage much to begin with. The second time I went I got the escoviech tofu, it was still good but sorta a disappointment. The onions were too overpowering and there wasn't enough tofu, still good but just not as good as the other dishes. I highly recommend this place.
My favorite restaurant in Gainesville. I've been there a dozen times and it has never disappointed. The oxtail is ridiculously good, even though it's the most expensive item on the menu, it is 100% worth every penny. The service is always great, too, and the menu is huge.
