Excellent choice for a quick meal yet again. Love getting the spicy tuna in cucumber as well as the smoked salmon sashimi. :)
Love this place. My boyfriend and I were in search of a good sushi place that didn't charge an arm and a leg. This is it! I am vegetarian and the veggie roll and sweet potato rolls are some of the best I've ever had. It is the generic sushi (for vegetarians) but the rest of the sushi is great in presentation taste and cost.
Great sushi! The lunch menu was a steal for the quality and amount of food. From the edamame to the veggie hibachi with rice, the flavored were awesome
Love this place! Great food, wonderful staff!!
Affordable sushi and good service.  Like the way they wrapped the paper around the straws!
I am a sushi snob and said I would never eat sushi in upper Florida. I take that back. This place was amazing both in quality of the fish and presentation of the rolls.
Stopped by after finding it under "Best Rated" restaurants on Yelp. The sushi was phenomenal and so was the presentation. Best sushi in Gainesville and for a reasonable price. Will be back without a doubt.
This place is near 34th and Williston Road by the Publix across fro Nationwide Insurance.  Great Sushi.  The Place is named Mahzu Sushi not Matsu
I only had the nigiri so that's all this review pertains to.  There is a great selection of nigiri/sashimi and it's all pretty cheap.  The fish was very fresh.  At the risk of sounding like a snob, the cut of the nigiri sucked.  I like nigiri because the cut showcases the delicacy of the fish, but this was cut like sashimi.  If that doesn't bother you, then you should totally gorge yourself on their selection.  The presentation is also really nice and the service was great.
Delicious sushi at an affordable price! Also, the presentation is hands down the best I've ever seen.  The kitchen is okay, but nothing to wow about.  The service is attentive and friendly, which is always a plus in Gainesville!
Best sushi I have had since moving to Gainesville! The nigiri is so fresh and has no after taste which is a sign of great quality. The rolls are reasonably priced and the presentation is on point. I will definitely be back soon!
I came here with my girlfriend on a Sunday afternoon for lunch.  I'd give it 5 stars, but for some reason they didn't have the lunch special on Sundays only, so they lose a star.  The sushi and presentation were great.  I had two rolls and some caviar sushi while my girlfriend had the first 2/3s of the menu (she's a big eater).  Everything came out quickly, fresh, and great.  I'll go back next time in G'Ville.
This is my favorite sushi place in town. Lots of fish in the rolls and they are so yummy. Very nice presentations. They also have great appetizers!! I recommended this place to many my friends!
As sad as I was to see Green Plantains go, Mahzu is definitely a worthy replacement. The food (great presentation), service and decor were impeccable.  I will be returning soon.  Make sure you visit during lunch for their lunch specials (any day but Sunday).  The location is kind of unusual (not downtown, midtown, or the archer/34th area), but don't let that deter you from visiting!
Don't let the strip mall location fool you, this place is delicious, clean and well-priced. The Williston roll is especially great. Casual atmosphere.
this place is great. Sushi is delicious, service is fantastic. Definitely became my favorite sushi place in Gainesville.
What a great place.  Service was great, sushi was even better!
This may be some of the best sushi that I ever have tried, and this is saying something seeing that I actually live in the Bay Area in California.  I tried the Gainesville roll and the Jasmine roll, and both were amazing.  My parents live in Gainesville, and I will definitely visit this place every time that I come back.
We are big sushi eaters and found this place on the off chance and have not looked back.  The sushi is so fresh and melts in your mouth, the presentation is wonderful and the service is awesome. Have not been anywhere else since.
The chef puts so many details into his craft. The rolls and miso are great!
Excellent. Love the presentation and work they put into their rolls. Great experience combined with fantastic rolls means I'm coming back here.
"So wish I lived here and could eat here every week. Sushi is fresh with spectacular flavor!!"
Excellent sushi! They even had toro and uni. Great service and excellent presentation. The fish was very fresh and nice sized portions.
Food is good, service is good very friendly, nice with the kids, food comes out fast.  Presentation of the food is impressive and the sushi is great.
Love the food here. Every time I've come regardless of the middle of a rush or a slow time, the food has been delicious and the service has always been quick, attentive, and nice. The menu contains traditional items but is still friendly to a first timer. The dinning room is clean and gives off a relaxing vibe plus the booth seating provides  a more private dinning setting. Definitely one of my favorite places.
I honestly do not  understand why this restaurant is rated as high as it is. I lived in Gainesville for six years, and sushi places tend to come and go. The lunch menu was reasonable, but they do not negotiate substitutions (even for diners with food allergies) well at all. One of my friends was charged $2 extra when she asked for a vegetable roll in lieu of a California roll in her bento box. The reasoning was they were giving her a full vegetable roll instead of half a California roll. With the restaurant completely empty, this meant they were going to eventually serve someone a left over half of a California Roll which did not sit well with me at all. A proper sushi chef should be able to make a smaller portion with out penalizing a guest, especially one with a special dietary request. I ordered the sashimi lunch special which is reasonably priced at $10.95. However, I could tell that at least half of the fish I was served was from the day before. Having lived in Japan, I was spectacularly disappointed at the quality of the food. I found the miso soup to be palpable, but quite stingy on the wakame (seaweed) and the diced tofu. I informed our server of my shellfish allergy, indicating that my food needed a little extra care in plating and she did not seem to understand. I did not feel safe eating at a restaurant in which the staff could not tell me which fish were being served on a sashimi platter, and more importantly could not communicate to the kitchen staff that improper handling of my food could result in an ambulance. Don't waste your limited money here.
The service was amazing. They kept my water glass full and stopped to check that we had everything we needed 4-5 times over the meal. The sushi was incredible, I suggest the shrimp tempura roll it was amazing.  The prices were completely reasonable and for such amazing service /food I would expect to have to pay much more than we did. I would absolutely return and look forward to bringing friends here. Also try the Williston roll!
Nice Chirashi lunch special-fresh, good portion size. Service was attentive and friendly.
My hubs & I are alums from Ocala and we know Gainesville sushi and we were excited to try this place after such rave reviews.  Not worth the price!  Considering their specialty rolls were $9-13, I'd rather go to Dragonfly or Ichiban.  The worst part was husband's glass was filthy with lipstick stains and literal dirt and they took back the glass with half his beer in it, yet still charged us for it!   Sure it is quiet, but it's for good reason.  Not coming back.
Great quality sushi every time. My boyfriend and I always pick Mahzu when we want sushi. Cheaper places like bento and momoyaki fish aren't as fresh or well crafted. We always get the Williston roll and the dreamy roll. Also great spicy salmon too. The rolls are face  sized, and they have a good lunch special too. Definitely the best sushi place in Gainesville next to Fuji sushi way out in Jonesville.
If you like spicy, the Spicy Girl is outta this world! I had them make it with just sarachian chili sauce south NO mayo mix. The Gainesville roll was okay too. Huge bowl of seafood soup. Fresh food and very nice staff. Bookmarked!
Imo, best sushi in Gville. It's relatively new but I've been to almost every sushi place in Gville and this has the freshest and most clean cut sushi I've seen here. It's always got a lively crowd inside too.
Great sushi rolls! Nice ambience and customer service! Great prices as well, $5.50 for a shrimp tempura roll. Love the customer service!
Take-Out Review (Picture on profile): The order: Standard Sushi Dinner (7 pieces and a California roll with a side salad and soup) Price: $15 without tip Speed (not called ahead): less than 10 minutes Service: Immediate and friendly The Quickie: -Immediately greeted when walking in, though not busy -Dinner packaged with soy sauce, ginger dressing, and utensils -Soup was hot, tasty and light (B+) -Side salad was a total joke: half a tiny tomato slice one cucumber slice, and 4 pieces of iceberg lettuce (F) -Sushi was solid and chilled, with great looking slices of fish; ginger slices a perfect accompaniment (B+)
I love this place! Their sushi and hibachi are really yummy. My favorite sushi rolls are Williston and Volcano! I usually get chicken hibachi but I would like to try other meat when I come here next time. Their service is really great because their waitresses are really friendly. The only thing I don't like about this place is their ginger dressing salad and miso soup. They taste too plain and not flavorful at all. I would come back again but definitely not getting salad or soup!
Went here for my birthday based on the reviews. We went in and the fish smell was so overpowering we were debating on whether to stay. We had the pepper tuna appetizer which was delicious. We also had the lobster mango roll which was also delicious. The other rolls were ok. I had sushi that was just a piece of tuna and salmon and it didn't taste very fresh, I could not finish my portion. The plating was beautiful but I felt that the actual food was hit or miss. Some were great and others were bad. The service was good, but I felt the food did not make up for it.
I love this place. I've only ordered for pick up and always the same roll, but it always made fresh and fast. I get the Jimmie roll and its delicious. great for the price!
I had this sushi for lunch one day at work and it was seriously some of the best sushi I have ever had! I got the Valentine Roll and The Mahzu Special Roll and both were to die for! As I am writing this review I think I am actually drooling and probably going to get some Mahzu for lunch! Great place!
Great sushi and great price. I'll have to look at the menu and add my favorites, but their lunch special is awesome. Three standard (8 pieces) rolls for $10? Insane! Some Favorites: Rainbow Naurto Wildcat Gainesville Seaweed salad, ginger house salad, or a miso soup (which has great flavor and isn't like instant miso) is usually my starting point, and then off to the rolls from there! Staff is ready for you, and very helpful when suggesting choices. I never had any of the dessert options.
Not very impressed with the food or service. Granted it WAS Valentines Day but that still doesn't warrant the fact that my girlfriend and I were attended to and had our drink orders taken after four other groups had been seated. Our server was not courteous or the least bit polite but the food was acceptable. I could just be spoiled when it comes to sushi restaurants. But I won't be coming back here, though.
Best sushi in town and for a reasonable price. Presentation of dishes is beautiful. I wish it was closer to where I lived but still worth going to if you want good sushi.
Get ready for some mouth watering sushi for a reasonable price! I went here for a dinner date once and the staff, presentation, food and price is superb! I now  frequent here for their lunch specials.  My favorites are the Spicy tuna, Spicy Yellowtail, Spicy Salmon, Dynamite and Pacific Fried Rolls. Atmosphere is very quiet and subdued.  Their miso soup is delicious as well. My favorite casual dining sushi spot!
The food was all very good. Great sushi - chicken teriyaki was incredibly fresh and quite tasty.
Some of the best tasting and most beautiful sushi I've ever had!! This is a hidden gem - out of the way but well worth the trek. We ordered three different rolls - fantasy, Gainesville and I can't remember - something like nuturu. They were all amazingly well balanced and flavored. The nuturu (or whatever) was very different - no rice and it was wrapped in thinly sliced cucumber instead of seaweed. Really refreshing on a hot day. I will absolutely be back and I highly recommend.
Was in the area and reviews were good so stopped by. No wait on a Saturday night (good or bad?). Attractive presentation. The seaweed salad was refreshing, slightly briny with sesame tones. Its colors were vibrant: deep green with that sprinkle of red-orange masago. Found cucumber buried below but they went well together though it meant less seaweed than it appeared. My husband's scallop dish had plenty of large succulent scallops & noodles that were a better quality than run of the mill strip mall sushi house noodles. However, our waitress, though well intentioned, had an extra heavy accent to a point where we had trouble understanding her, almost as much as she had understanding us. This made ordering and questions difficult and a bit awkward. My daughter likes the westernized version of rolls with cream cheese, there were none on the menu, being true to their cuisine, but were willing to add for her which was nice. I asked about Conch nigiri, "Conch?" repeated a few times but didn't know what it was, asked the sushi chef. They didn't have it. I asked for Octopus instead, "No" ( I found out later that they did, she just didn't understand). Didn't seem to know what nigiri was either. Their list of traditional rolls (Boston roll etc) had no descriptions. So if you don't know them you won't find out here. With the language issue, I wasn't about to ask, so stuck to the higher priced specialty roll page, which ALL had descriptions...hmm. She suggested the Williston Roll. It looked appealing, but 70% of the roll consisted of a soft, pink ingredient. I realized that this was the fish, different types of sashimi (as described) but ground into a sticky paste, a first for me. I tried, but the texture won, I ended up removing it (i.e. most of my roll) and eating the rest. I made a mess but at least I know what NOT to order now, lol. Generally though, it had many positives, ambiance was pleasant, the waitress really tried to please despite the communication problems, the rest of my family enjoyed their food (all good, except for my roll choice). Will come back for another try, but will pick my own roll next time.
I ate at Mahzu Sushi when they first opened up and wasn't too impressed, so I waited to go back for a while. Because I've been over on their side of town more frequently lately, I've been eating here about once a week. The staff is very friendly and generally provides good service. The menu is focused on sushi, but it does have some other options if sushi isn't your thing. It's generally pretty empty, so the atmosphere is quiet, relaxing, and pleasant. I don't dig sushi, so I've tried most of their other offerings. Off their grill menu I recommend any of their tempura dishes over the teriyaki, hibachi, or katsu options. Those options taste fine, but they're a little bland for my tastes. The salads that accompany the entrees are to be avoided, but the miso soup is fine. Their clear soup needs more work. It would probably be a good idea for them to focus on an onion soup instead of the clear soup they serve. I do like seeing the sushi that other people order when I eat there. They seem to focus a little more on presentation than other sushi restaurants, and their designs are fun, but not pretentious. Their comforting atmosphere and food and friendly service keep me coming back. I just wish more of their non-sushi items were a little more flavorful.
Great affordable sushi. I suggest trying some of their lobster rolls. They are pretty good. Had some scallop, salmon and yellowtail nigiri. The fish is of good quality and vibrant in color.
Mahzu is the best raw sushi in Gainesville.   Specifically their Pepper Tuna, which is seared and crusted with black pepper, and is not on the menu.  You can order it in various forms; nigiri, sashimi, rolled, etc.  All of the other raw fish I have eaten at Mahzu has been decent, but not as creative in flavor as the peppery goodness. The more creative and mayo covered rolls are just decent--- they are missing a more pungent flavor of green onion, citrus, or garlic in the condiments.   There is a light show on your plate, the only thing missing is the fireworks.  The chef floats sushi on LED lights, mini fog machines, and handmade basket-weaving.  But for Gainesville, it is kind of awesome. For those that care:  I have only heard Mandarin spoken at this Japanese restaurant.
Great Sushi, quiet atmosphere, and EXCELLENT service from both the sushi chefs and the waitresses (a pleasant change from Sushi Matsuri, where even well-paying regulars are treated poorly). PROS: Whimsical and cleverly inventive appetizers and rolls - for instance, spicy tuna tartar with avocado/mustard topping served with PRINGLES (sour cream and onion).  Furthermore, you often find that sushi bars employing exotic sauces and pungent seasonings often do so to mask the inferiority of their fish.  Not the case with Mahzu Sushi.  Not only are their busy-rolls delicious, but their sashimi is topnotch as well.  We also find exquisite presentations, reasonable prices, warm customer care, and prompt service. CONS: Sashimi portions are a bit smaller than what I'm used to, but the A+ grade to nearly all other metrics more than suffices. It's nice to find a great sushi bar that goes beyond just quality food, providing great customer service as well.  No doubt that they beat the local competition in this category.  No longer do residents of Gainesville have to choose between customer service or great food.  You get both at Mahzu.
Gave this place a shot because of the high rating through yelp. U know what? This place really is amazing... Great price, great food, friendly staff, I will def come back to this place .. Highly recommend to anyone new in town !!! Mahzu is my new home, forget all the other spots here in gainesville, overpriced and low quality food.
Update: I had to lower their rating to a 3 star because we got takeout the other day and it wasn't that fresh. $20 of sushi down the drain. Soooo they are a little hit or miss. Mahzu is a perfect example why reading yelp reviews is so important! I go to the publix in the same strip mall a few times a week. I always just assumed that Mahzu was crappy because I had never heard about it and I was judging it based upon it's location. After reading the stellar yelp reviews we decided to give it a try. It was awesome!! They have really affordable prices AND the quality/freshness of the fish is much fresher than Bento (our previous go-to sushi takeout place). I have gotten their fried tofu with teriyaki sauce which was good and a spicy tuna roll with soy paper instead of nori. They are very flexible about additions and subtractions in sushi rolls. My husband loves the Mexican roll and the Williston roll. Their fried rice is kinda greasy and weird tasting. The atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired, so it's really more of a takeout place which I think is how they get a lot of their business. They have quick takeout as well, usually it just takes 10 minutes! I highly recommend this place! Note to owners: I hate when there is a curtain of beads leading into the bathroom area at restaurants!!! Soooo gross, everyone touches it and it grazes your face when entering or leaving the bathroom. Please take it down!!!!!
Tried Mahzu after seeing such good reviews via YELP. I'm proud to say it lives up to it. The sushi was fantastic and the presentation was even better. The ginger dressing on the salad was a little bland, but still good. The servers were also very tentative. I can't wait to go again.
Of all the sushi places I've ever been to, and I've been to quite a few all over the US, this place was one of the BEST sushi restaurants I've ever been to. Let me tell you why. I and my best friend randomly stumbled across this place when the hunger hit us. Please don't let the outside or location full you. It looks like just any other run of the mill sushi restaurant, a dine a dozen. It was quite a different story once we tried our first bite. 1. Everyone who works there where extremely nice. Custom service like what we got is no longer seen at businesses, it was extremely refreshing. 2. Do you like quality fish? Holy moly, the fish was SO good. The flavor, texture, everything. Perfection. The don't douse their rolls with sauces and other things to hide the quality of the fish. This was so refreshing. You can taste each  wonderful element of the roll. 3. The price of everything was reasonable. This quality of sushi that they had at this place would cost a small fortune if in a major city. 4. Their presentation and attention to detail, again, superior. My only regret is not finding this place sooner. Thank you so much for having such a wonderful restaurant.
(I originally wrote this review Feb of last year, but unfortunately spelled the business name wrong) A great sushi place for Gainesville, and not as expensive and shi shi as Dragon Fly. Don't let the location fool you - most of the best sushi places I've been to have been in strip malls. The Omakase presentation was over the top, and the sushi choices weren't as adventurous as I was hoping (salmon, tuna, shrimp...) but it was very fresh and yummy, and the omakase of LA (which I'm used to) might send some of the folks in Gville running. The staff was friendly and attentive. A friend recommended the squid salad, which was wonderful and eaten very quickly in our group of 4, but my only comment would be that it was slightly over dressed and masked the squid a bit. Check this place out. They're waiting for their liquor license to be approved, so right now they only have soda and tea etc, but it should be a great spot with ample parking and none of the pomp and circumstance of having to go downtown.
This place is great!!! I'm graduating and leaving Gainesville soon and I wish I had found out about it earlier. Fish is always fresh and they have great roll combinations. I love their sushi and sashimi because it is so fresh. I also think their prices are really good. Keep up the good service and quality!
Yummy!!! The lunch special is an awesome deal.  Also had the Gainesville roll wish was delicious and fresh.  Will definitely come here again.  I only loved sushi from Fuji Sushi in Newberry, so I'm happy to have found something so good that's much closer.
I was curious to try Mahzu Sushi after recently learning that it had opened. Sushi is, overall, my all-time favorite food and I'm always keen to try a new sushi place though Gainesville has not really lived up to my expectations for sushi in most cases (see my reviews for other local sushi bars). Mahzu Sushi's interior is calming, somewhat trendy if generic, but overall what you'd expect for a sushi bar: dark, soothing colors, booths have high backs, the sushi bar itself, though small, is comfortable. The staff are very friendly--they appear to be a family who recently opened this restaurant after relocating here from New York where they were also in the restaurant business. While they seem, from speaking with them, somewhat unfamilar with Gainesville, they do appear to really know sushi. Now, about the sushi: first of all, one of the sushi chefs, Kyle, prepared a small tuna starter for me free of charge and it was exceptional. Full, deep red and just slightly fatty (that's a good thing) tuna. Amazing visual presentation, too. As in, similar presentation to San Francisco's famed Kyo-ya. Very pretty. The sushi menu contains what you find elsewhere in Florida: some standard rolls and nigiri plus the "house special rolls" which are those expensive, overdone, affairs everyone seems to expect in American sushi. (In contrast, in Japan or even NYC or SF you'll find that the best sushi bars avoid "everything-but-the-kitchen-sink" style rolls and focus on just fresh fish.) I ordered a Mexican roll (fried shrimp), a tuna roll, a yellowfin and scallion roll, and salmon and tuna nigiri. I also requested ginger dressing to dip the Mexican roll in and was provided with a very good, slightly sweet, homemade ginger dressing. Very impressive. The presentation of the sushi itself, like the free starter, was exceptional: just lovely presentation that obviously indicated a high level of professionalism and skill on the behalf of the chefs. The Mexican roll was fine--even better with that ginger dressing--but the raw fish rolls and nigiri really were stellar. If you want to know the quality of a sushi bar, order some nigiri. It's just in most cases fish and rice and will tell you what they're working with. Here, the fish was of the highest quality and tasted amazingly delicate and fresh just like it should. The salmon in fact was so good I ordered another one! Unlike Dragonfly or Ichiban, Mahzu Sushi doesn't have a full bar and their interior is small and they're located a distance from campus and downtown (though near Archer Road). However, their sushi I believe I can honestly say is the best I've had in Gainesville. Period. And when I lived in San Francisco, mind you, I dined at places like Kyo-ya (often considered the finest sushi outside of Japan by the Japanese) and Ebisu. The chefs at Mahzu really know what they're doing and have invested in the best fish to work with. Their presentation and service, despite the humble nature of their restaurant, is sublime and professional. I'm a big, big, fan of cooking with materials of the highest order, the utmost freshness and quality--approaches like Sweden's fabled Fäviken Magasinet takes in its work. Mahzu Sushi has this same ethos, despite being a small sushi bar in Gainesville. We're very fortunate these folks decided to move to our city.
I was really hoping this would be my favorite sushi place after reading all the reviews.  Sadly, it's not but still a great experience.  We went on a Friday night and it was surprisingly slow.  The best thing I love about this place is the price.  We had four rolls, a small bottle of sake and a Kirin for $30.  This would have been $60 anywhere else in town.  The rolls are a lot smaller than other sushi places in town which accounts for the price. My favorite roll was the spicy tuna.  The one the server recommend was ok it was half cooked and half deepfried.  If you ask for a recommendation they immediately go to the highest priced rolls so be prepared for that. Overall this is a good sushi place that is needed in this part of town.  I would prefer to go to Dragon Fly if I'm looking to spend more or go to Fuji Sushi in Jonesville if I'm looking for better sushi.
I've been here several times for their sushi items and would highly suggest getting a dish with white tuna. They also have great lunch specials.
Came in here the first time for sushi. Layout of the store is warm and welcomes you the minute you step in. You are instantly greeted by the sushi chefs that are at their stations to your left Price for the normal sushi is within range of sushi in comparable small restaurant places, and the specialty rolls were also affordable on a college budget. I ordered a spider roll and wildcat roll. The wildcat, being the cheapest on the specialty, had a good crunch from the tempura shrimp inside and the sauce on top.  The spider roll had a typical texture that I've had from other sushi houses. Ok, this isn't going to be a thrilling review.  For the most part I was satisfied, and service was pleasant.  Actually, one interesting note was that the sushi bar did furnish me a complimentary sushi appetizer that had a flavorful texture, although I cannot say what it was now since it the trip was several days ago. Definitely try it out once. There are only a handful of dedicated sushi bars around town, and this one is convenient for the south Gainesville residents.
A few friends and I ate here tonight for dinner. We are were all admittedly tired of the Japanese restaurant selection in town and were itching to try something new. We were incredibly pleased with Mahzu Sushi & Grill. We were greeted and seated immediately. Let me stress how outstanding the service was; the waiters and waitresses were so kind and welcoming and helpful in explaining the menu, and our cups were never empty. The menu featured a wide selection of soups, salads, sushi, bento boxes... The list goes on and on. My brother and I both ordered the Tekka Don. The tuna was incredibly fresh, and the sushi rice was fragrant and packed with flavor. One of my friends ordered the shrimp tempura bento box, and I'm pretty sure he was licking his plate by the end! My other friends ordered a California roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, and Avocado roll and said it was the freshest, most delicious sushi they have ever had. The food at Mahzu Sushi & Grill was authentic, fresh, and simply delicious. This is my new favorite restaurant! I can't wait to go back this weekend with my family.
Delish! We had 4 sushi rolls and no complaints or critique! Fresh, tasty ingredients, beautiful presentation. The pretty tall waitress was attentive & kind. All the other sushi spots in Gainesville better step it up!!
Amazing sushi! I found this place on Yelp (thank you, Yelp!) on my way through Gainesville: rated 5 stars, and just off the highway. How could I resist? As usual, Yelp was right on the money. Incredibly fresh fish with creative combinations and lovely presentation. Add to that attentive staff and a pleasant atmosphere, and I will certainly be back... the next time I find myself in the land of the Swamp Dragon.
The first time I had Mahzu was take-out. A couple of friends picked up 5 sushi rolls: Dynamite, Volcano, Yummy, Fuji Mountain, and Spicy Girl. All of these were really fantastic rolls. The second time I ate food from Mahzu was on a Saturday at lunch time. This time, I went to the restaurant, and I ordered salmon nigiri and the dynamite roll again. While I didn't try something incredibly different from my first time eating their food, I was able to look at their menu, which has a wide selection and is very affordable--unlike other trendier sushi places in town. As I was eating alone, I ate at the sushi bar and got to talk to most of the staff. They were all very friendly and helpful. I will definitely go back to Mahzu. Depending on how much sushi you want and what you order, you can easily spend around $10 for a good lunch. If you're a bit hungrier than I was, you'll probably spend closer to $15 to $20, depending on which rolls you order.
Tried Mahzu for the first time last week, and like all good tasting things in Gainesville, Mahzu too, is expensive. For appetizers we started with gyoza and mussels. The gyoza wasn't anything special, and my boyfriend said the mussels were okay. My sushi dinner came with miso soup and salad. Great tasting miso soup! Not watery like most places. The nigiri was deliciously fresh. Probably the best I've had in Gainesville so far. Some other places I've tried had really bad tasting tuna that was obviously not fresh. Dishes are very visually appealing. I should have taken a picture, but was anxious to dig into the nigiri! Trust me, you won't be disappointed! Service here was great! My biggest thing when I go to any Japanese restaurant is how often my green tea cup is refilled, and our server here did not disappoint! Atmosphere is nice and quiet. Restaurant is clean and tastefully decorated. Lots of table seating, booths also available. Will definitely be back to try rolls and tempura!
Definitely the best sushi in town! there is a particular Japanese sushi chef, who we definitely consider the best there!  although I see many people here appreciating dragonfly..unfortunately dragonfly is not sushi.   Without having to leave gainesville, this is by far the best sushi in a 200 mile radius!
Mahzu has easily the best sushi in Gainesville! The Williston roll is phenomenal, but their simpler rolls such as salmon and avocado and spicy tuna do not disappoint either. They have a lunch special every day from 11-3 that makes it incredibly affordable and much cheaper than the other sushi hot spots. I eat here at least once a week and I'm never disappointed!
Everything was fantastic. Service was prompt, food was delicious, and we would definitely come back. Highly recommended!
I've been by Mahzu with my family twice now, and I've been very pleased both times.  I think the waitress said they've been in business for 3 months.  Despite not being around for long, they're turning out some great food.   We started with shrimp Tempura and Negimaki for appitizers.  The tempura is delicious, light and crispy, and sauce was just right, not too tangy or over-sweet.   The Negimaki was served on a sizzling platter, sauced and garnished with onion, and was a huge portion for the price.  The beef was tender, with a great flavor, and there were a lot of onions.  I loves me some onions, so that's good for me, but if you're iffy on onions, you might not like it. We've sampled a selection of rolls, and while they were all delicious, I felt the Jimmy Smith deep fried roll was the weakest- the batter was just a little heavy and over powered the flavors inside the roll.  If they could get the lightness of the appetizer tempura on this roll, it would be excellent. Lobster tempura roll was a lot lighter, the lobster slightly sweet and was well complimented by the rice and soybean wrapper.  I do want to mention that the rice they're using here seems to be of a good quality- proper sushi rice with just the right amount of vinegar.   Philly roll was the simplest version of it- crab, cream cheese, nori, and rice.  Simple, but good.   Salmon Sashimi was a lovely buttery texture, and tasted super fresh, even on a Monday.   The standout roll for me was the Sakura roll, -salmon, scallop, mango, asparagus, and probably a few things I'm forgetting.  I think this is going to be my new favorite roll.  Bright and savory flavors, it's like springtime in my mouth.  Overall, sushi = A+,  the rice is good, the nori was fresh and not gummy (pet peeve!), the fish was fresh. Stuff we ordered that I didn't sample-  Katsu don-  the family member who ordered this was pleased that the egg was just right.  It's a bit of a trick to get the egg/sauce mixture cooked just right, then slid into the bowl where it slides down into the steaming hot rice and cooks the rest of the way.  Some places around town just hard fry an egg and then plop it on top of the bowl.  Not these guys. They're doing it right, Tuna Tekka Don-  I've never, seen a tekka don presented so prettily.  When it first arrived at the table, I thought it was a wrong order.   I've always seen tekka don as just a bowl full of (sometimes) seasoned rice, with a layer of tuna on top.  Mahzu chefs presented their version as 3 or 4 shaped mounds of rice, like oversized Nigiri sushi bases.  They were seasoned with furikake sprinkles.  On one side, the tuna was sliced and artfully arranged.  Really well done.  The family member receiving this dish reported that the tuna was very fresh and good texture. I've sampled all of the sushi places here in town, and I have to say, I think I may have found a new favorite.  They have a pretty big menu so I'll have to broaden out a bit and try some new stuff and report back, but for what I've tried so far, it's absolutely solid, good quality stuff.
