O. M. G. Big Lou's has been on my "try every pizza place in town" list for awhile. Now that I've been there I don't know if I'm really interested in completing that list. My wife and I started off with the small order (six) of garlic rolls. I expected six little knots of crusty dough. What we got was six large rolls. They tasted just like the rolls my mom used to make (and my mom made great rolls), only with a garlic seasoning and a dish of pizza sauce on the side for dipping. Mmmm ... to be honest, I could have made a reasonable meal (a slightly light lunch) out of the rolls if I hadn't been splitting them with someone. Cost: Only $2.50! We followed that up with pizza. I had a slice with meatball and onion, she had sausage and roasted red pepper. Large slice, great flavor and properly done New York style crust (not soft, but not burnt to a crisp like some places seem to do no matter what; it was foldable and flavorful). If I recall correctly, each slice came to less than $4 with two toppings. Size-wise, they were essentially small pizzas. My wife had to bring half of hers home. So, two of us ate lunch and it came to maybe $13 including rolls, pizza and soft drinks. A truly fine meal for less than the cost of two fast food horrorburger combos. Beyond the great price and great food, stars for great service and great atmosphere. Our server, Jessica, was friendly and attentive; the place itself has that rare combination of "neighborhood hole in the wall" feel with obvious attention to cleanliness. My only regret is that I didn't have time to follow up with one of their advertised "more than 30 craft beers on tap." Next time I drop in there I'll have to finish lunch or dinner off with an IPA. And yes, I will definitely be back.
My vote for best pizza Restaurant in town. I love Ameraucana food truck, this place has that classic vibe of a great New York pizza place. It's taste reminded me a bit of piesanos, which is pretty good, but tasted more authentic and not all like franchise pizza. The crust is similar but lighter. This some people might think is funny, but I like how the staff has a bit of the tough New York style attitude. Like how they are more straight up rather than overly friendly in any fake kind of way as is usually the case around here. I came back 1 day after I first tried their pizza, I wonder how many more days I can wait this time.
Being from the nj/ny area I have extremely high standards for pizza and this is the best pizza I've had in Florida (after trying a few horrific places) Is it good as the pizza back home? Absolutely not but this is good pizza and some far authentic New York style The garlic knots were great
Agreed.  Gluten-free pizza is not worth it.  Not worth the amp up and subsequent disappointment.  Dry and tasteless indeed.  We got the veggie and they very nicely swapped eggplant for artichokes for no fee, but the pizza had very little sauce, very little cheese and the crust was gross, so it was like eating a hot salad, basically.   I did like the big garden salad.  It's a typical pizzeria mess, with iceburg lettuce and pizza toppings, but it was plentiful and came with a bunch of rolls.  Would try the pizza again but make my boyfriend eat his own GF version. Also, the tomato sauce had the same gross seafood-ish taste as the salsa at Boca Fiesta.  I'm very interested now.  Florida-local tomato supplier?  Same nasty water?  Either way, the side of sauce we got to add some moisture was grosssss. Service sucked, too.  We were swapped off, it seemed, and never had drinks refilled or were checked on after our food arrived. Someone else's server cleared our table, kindly.   Beautiful patio and great location.  Will maybe try again if it's convenient, I'd love to like it.
One of my favorite pizza places in Gainesville. Delicious, real NY-style pizza. Great service and toppings selection. Their calzones and garlic knots are great as well. Word to the uninitiated: If you just order slices, the slices are HUGE. One is filling, two is gluttony. One and a salad is the perfect lunch.
Keep in  mind, this is Gainesville....not NYC pizza!! This is one of the best pizza places IN GAINESVILLE. Not NY....Gainesville. Gainesvilles parking sucks so deal with it, the food is really good and they do a really good job with what they have for the dough flavor. I like the garlic bread personally. Cheese pizza is my thing but I do occasionally like the sausage. This is a good place to go for a slice and hang out downtown before trivia or something like that. This is not a high end place, but it's good eats.
I have to disagree with other reviewers and say that the gluten-free pizza here is great! It's more of a thin, crispy crust and only comes in small 10" pies but it was just what I was craving. I also talked to the manager who assured me that it is prepared separately from gluten-containing pizzas so you don't have to worry about cross-contamination (I'm looking at you, Dominoes). They also had several gluten-free ciders. My dad loved the beer selection and said that his sausage and mushroom slice was delicious. Overall, fantastic service, great atmosphere and delicious pizza. I'll be moving to Gainesville from NYC in the Fall and can definitely see this being my go-to pizza place.
Definitely one of my favorite pizza places in Gainesville, if not in general. I enjoy Satchels a lot, but Big Lou's is much more enjoyable to me. They have a lot of menu items, endless customizable options, and quick service! You can order pizza, calzones, wings, salad, and more! I've ate here more then 5 times and each time the customer service has been on point and quickly served. Crust is delicious and crunchy, toppings are fresh, and you can order individual slices that are more than filling and bigger then the plate.
One of my favorite local pizzerias! Priced just right, and tasty to boot!  I love this place and usually do carryout about twice a month from here. Give it a try! You will not be disappointed!
Quick and friendly service, great crunchy crust, delicious toppings. Went with some friends and got a pie and spinach calzone, DELICIOUS! I wouldn't get a slice anywhere else, this place is the place to go for pizza in Gainesville.  They just redid the patio too so its a great idea when its nicer out. Met Lou, great guy. Awesome place. Go and have a slice!
I went to this pizza joint on a weekend trip to Gainesville with a friend. I sat in Big Lou's quaint outside area hugging the street, which was well spaced. It had a nice city feel to it, complemented by the black wire tables. Unfortinately the 2-seater table my friend and I sat at had a serious wobbling problem. My drink as well as my food were in constant peril. I had a new server (yay! welcome to hell) but she was doing great and was attentive. The food came out on time with all smiles. I ordered a dinner salad and a calzone with ham and pepperoni (yeah, its artery-clogging awesomeness, try it). I believe I ordered the small dinner salad but from my recollection it was too big with too much lettuce. The calzone was good, with just enough cheese, good dough, and cooked well. But then again, my calzone was on a tin plate, which slid violently around the wobbly wire table. My calzone was like Charley Sheen in Platoon, and the wobbly table was Vietnam. It's one of those things that just violently pisses you off when eating out. Excluding the wobbly table, Big Lou's is a nice pizza spot that definitely satisfies when you want a NY-style Italian experience.
Gluten free pizza sucks, dry, tasteless. Gave it to my dogs. Spaghetti and meatball rocks. Huge portion, hubby approved. Caesar salad, good dressing. Garlic rolls come with some orders. Street Parking is a game of hide and seek.
I forgot that my go-to place (Italian Gator) for pizza in Gainesville was not open on Sundays so I ended up here instead. There is nothing wrong with the pizza her, but it is fairly average pizza that doesn't really separate itself from the pack. I had a large half pepperoni, half meatball pizza. The toppings were standard. The cheese was good. I felt the pizza was a little under sauced.  I also felt like the crust was a little dry. I prefer mine chewier. Prices were not terrible. Like I said, not bad but not amazing either.
One of the best NY Style pizza places in Gainesville. Recommended.
I'm a big fan of this place because the people that own it are super nice and the food is delicious at a good price. I usually get the $10 lunch deal which is a huge slice of cheese, a big salad, garlic rolls, and a drink. I love getting eggplant on my pizza because they fry it. If you're in a hurry, I recommend getting their food to go because their take out service is a million times faster than eating in. It's probably because most of their business is take out but I'd rather eat it at home than wait 20 minutes for a slice of pizza in the restaurant There are no vegan options here, really. If you ask them to make pizza without cheese you will horrify them and they will not do it.
We went here for pizza in Gainesville...oh boy lol.  I like that my husband got half meatball.  Big plus!!  Anyway the pizza is really not very good, crust is wrong, needs more sauce, not inedible or anything, but just ok.  The meatball was good for what its worth.  Not a very big pizza, $18 to take it out--I'd go w/ Pizza hut or Papa John's over it.
I should have come here more often. 5 years in one place and I've only been here a handful of times. Big Lou's is a fantastic place to grab a slice of pizza! They are very similar to Leonardo's By The Slice, but I like Big Lou's a little bit better. They're located on the corner of 2nd and Main Street. Parking can be a hassle, but just find a spot and walk on over. They have a nice patio outside, a bar inside, and an oddly cliché-Italian-restaurant dining room on the inside as well. (Checkered table mats and all) The pizza here is quite good. I've stuck to pepperoni slice all the times I've been here. Tried a pepperoni and sausage slice once (sliced sausage, which I like more than ground sausage) I order like 2 slices and a soda for like $5-6. They come out with this HUGE slice of pizza. It's NY-style thin fold-able pizza. Incredible. The crust is very crisp yet a little chewy (which I really like). It's got the right amount of cheese and sauce on both slices. Every bite makes you want another one. You know it's good when it forms that cheese bridge from the slice to your mouth. Great people and great pizza. They can be a little overpriced when ordering a whole pizza. I usually just stick with getting slices. Grab a beer while you're waiting for your pizza if you want. Definitely worth a visit. I'm gonna close my eyes and imagine a slice right now...
I want a Big Lou's bumper sticker to put on my car when I ram people with Satchel's stickers. Big Lou's has made hundreds of dollars off me over the years and they are welcome to hundreds more.  We've even given out gift cards to employee of the month at work, and an endorsement from a restaurant to another restaurant is pretty hard to come by.  The pizza by the slice is huge and perfect New York style.  Baskets of amazing curly fries are less than 2 bucks.  Throw in a pitcher of beer and you have a meal fit for a king in the 10 dollar range. Last championship game my girlfriend's parents came down and wanted to watch at Big Lou's.  They closed at 10 but let us stay until 11 to watch the whole game with them without attitude or dirty looks. Hands down one of the most consistent and best places I've found in Gainesville.  Staff is very accommodating and laid back.  Atmosphere is casual and an interesting mix of people. Support good local restaurants! Go to Big Lou's!
My experiences here have all been three star.  The prices are decent compared to other local pizza places.  The location is stellar and the outdoor seating area is really nice for those who are enjoying the weather.   The garlic rolls were served cold to us.  They were also hard and kind of stale.  Our pizzas from here are usually what I refer to as par-baked.  Where they are kind of runny and not crispy.  If you are like me and want a crispy pizza, ask them them to cook it a little longer.  For the record: I have never ordered slices here, just whole pies.
Big Lous Is now open on Fridays and Saturdays till 3am. BUT, after 10 they ONLY serve from the front of the menu. So only Calzones, Pizza by the Slice, Whole pizzas, and strombolis. NO wings, salads, or hot/cold sandwiches. We went in craving wings and ended up getting a small pizza to share (anchovies, shrooms, artichoke hearts) and it was really good, but it kinda sucks knowing I cant get those wings that late :(
Excellent pizza and really friendly atmosphere. Good beer, sides and salads. The service is really good and it's a very nice local place.
Best pizza in Gainesville, hands down. I have always had fast service and great customer service.
"We use the highest quality mozzarella that we can get." I'm not really sure what that means exactly, but it tastes good and doesn't break me out. We ordered up a combination pizza and it had fat slices of sausage on it, not the crumbled stuff. It was awesome. The crust was thin but didn't cave under the weight of the toppings. The ends stayed the right mix of soft and crunchy. The small size was perfect for two people. While waiting for the pizza outside on the front patio, I caught a glimpse of the calzones. They are massive, as a calzone should be. Come hungry. Pro tip: Hit up the women's bathroom. The New Kids on the Block photo is worth it.
This pizza will do. I'm not going to say it's leaps and bounds better than Leonardo's or any other pie I've had, but it holds its own. Expect straight forward pizza with good flavor, medium-thin crust that sags a bit when picked up. Said pizza can be enjoyed via ample outdoor (and indoor) seating. Have it served with Peroni if you want to eat LIKE A BOSS.
Having had these guys bring pizza to several meetings I've had, after today I think I can say I've tried one of every kind of slice they offer. And we're talking dozens of pies over the past few months that have been offered to me. Never tried anything but their pizza, but the delivery guy hasn't dropped a stack of them yet. And the slices droop but don't drip. They put eggs in their dough and bread, but they are up front about it if you request veggie pizzas - I doubt most places would do that. I have a slice of Chicken Pesto pizza in my fridge that may not survive the night... Edit: forgot to throw in that I find this to be the best pizza in the downtown & campus area. Edit again (6/15/12) I got a message from an employee telling me they don't use eggs. So either they changed their dough recipe, or the person on the phone who told me that didn't know what they were talking about.
I can't believe I have yet to review Big Lou's.  In a nutshell: Simple. Straight forward. Honest pizza. The undercrust tends toward medium-thin to thin and when the slice is suspended by the "cornicione" it sags from the tip to about the first third, without spilling the saucy, cheesy goodness all over your plate (just don't run that experiment when it's right out of the oven hot).  Also-- the pie is cooked directly on the stone (thankfully not on a grate), the sauce is not too watery or overly sweet, and the cheese is as good as it has to be. This pizza will not blow you away; but NO pizza in this town will blow you away.  But Big Lou's is certainly a notch above other vaunted, well respected pizza joints in the area.  As far as pizzas go; this is one of the good guys!
Hands down the best pizza by the slice place in Gainesville.  They have great lunch specials so make sure to check those out (I recommend the salad and a slice combo that comes with a garlic knot).  Pricing is resonable as you can get a full lunch and drink for $8.  Each day they list their 5 toppings on the board and those are the options for slices.  The serving size of the slices is very large. I highly recommend coming here for lunch.  I have yet to come for dinner but they seem to have some more options for dinner so I'll have to come back.
If you are hungry for a slice, this is the place to go.  The pizza slices are enormous and extremely reasonably priced.  You can add all sorts of toppings and still not break the bank.   Staff is adequate.  I wouldn't say they were exactly attentive--some times the drinks go unrefilled and we usually have to flag them down for a box.  But did I mention that the pizza is very yummy.  And big?  They do usually have a good stout beer on tap.  And the sweet tea is pretty good.  I have really liked the white pizza although recently a new cook must have dropped the pepper pot while making it because it was unedible due to so much black pepper on it.  If you order a pizza instead of a slice, prepare to wait a while.  The by the slice pieces are ready within minutes.   It's sort of a college dive type place.  The kitchen seems adequately clean as is the dining room--not immaculate, but passable.   The pizza is good.  Did I mention that already? The interior is not particularly clean, especially the entry way--a dark area with a lot of grime.  Cleaning up is not their stellar point--a bit of a concern in a restaurant.   The bathrooms are just plain...gross.
Have come here for lunch a few occasions. I am  happy with their calzones. The bread is soft and crusty on the outside and the filling is ample. You control the amount of the sauce which is served on the side. The small size is generous. Their marinara sauce has a lottt of garlic, a little too much. Received the same marinara for the garlic rolls which had quite a bit of garlic as well. Servers have always been pleasant and attentive. They serve Maduro, and sometimes run a  special, so that's a plus in my bf's book. The pizza is alright, the crust is thin and crispy but is flavorless. The pizza itself was greasy. The cheese and sauce were nothing memorable. Overall bland and nowhere near the flavor of Italian Gator, my fav pizza place in the Ville so far. I wouldn't get the pizza again here, just calzones. My bf had the steak and cheese hot sandwich which again,  was alright. He's not a foodie so it's easy to keep him content. The sweet tea is pretty good and nice on a hot day outside on their patio. I'm tempted to try their wings next time.
yup. delicious. open late, always hot and cheesy and gooey, they have booze, very close to the bars (and where i live), and... it's just great. last time i was there, my shoe had broken while across the street at tall paul's and the kind folks at lou's gave me duct tape to help. thanks guys!
Our trip to Big Lou's was a lot of fun and some good pizza. The place was really busy after the art festival, but the service didn't suffer. The small house salads were huge and the garlic knots were above average.  Our pizza order was wrong when it arrived but our server caught the error, boxed up the erroneous pizza for us to take home and promptly put in a rush order for another pizza. We got the BBQ chicken pizza sans jalepenos and it was really good.   To make up for the confusion, the server comped our beers in addition to the free pizza to go. To thank her for everything we tipped heavily since she more than fixed one error from the kitchen. It was a great first visit.
My chicken wings are always cooked to the right crispiness and the flavor is supreme. Nice size wings and great choices of ranch or blue cheese. Love the iced tea and servers like Danielle and Jordon make a big difference.
Best Pizza in Gainesville. I know that's highly unpopular to say, but it's true. Satchel's is a unique atmosphere and an awesome salad, but it's pizza falls to No. 2 compared with Big Lou's and Blue Highway - they're a tie for No. 1.
Big Lou's cannot be described as a restaurant.  It is a local pizza joint and carries with it all of the badges of honor that come with that term.  The pizza is good and creative.  The beer is served in slightly faded pitchers.  The salads have a salad dressing that I think I tasted in my local pizza joints years ago in the Boston area of the 1970's.  Everything is fresh and all of the attention is giving to putting out the best quality food and pleasant, efficient service with little thought given to anything else. Go on a night when it will be comfortable to eat outside and relax while you enjoy your pizza.  Big Lou's will satisfy you if you are hungry and give you a taste of the old days before everything was a chain, if you are seeking nostalgia.  This place is a winner.
I have never had a worse eggplant anything. I don't think I have ever been served undercooked eggplant. It was do undercooked it was like trying to eat a steak sandwich and you couldn't bite through the meat. So when I pulled away from the sandwich, all the eggplant slid out leaving the doughy crust behind. Very disappointed.
So, after moving my girlfriend's stuff all afternoon in the broiling heat - we decided we needed long hot therapeutic showers and pizza... and Big Lou's delivered the goods. Promised in 45 minutes, arrived in 30. Yes, thank you! Tonight's repast was an XL mediterranean with one veggie substitution and addition of chicken. And good lord, the thing was buried in the added protein... I was able to down 1.5 slices - the tiny miss could barely finish her one. The rest has been wrapped and is in the fridge for later and/or tomorrow. Happy tummy full of awesome noms.
Recentyly enjoyed delivery from Big Lou's and it was awesome. Realy crunchy thin pizza.  We tried tomato & basil, chees and sausage.  All three were really good and fresh!  Plenty of toppings as well - they did not scrimp!  The delivery was  very fast.
Big Lou's is great pizza.  It's also within walking distance to all kinds of Downtown Gainesville stuff. It's NY-style, so you better like thin crust. My regular: 2 slices of cheese and a sweet tea: 5 bucks. I haven't tried their pastas yet.
So it's kind of dirty.  That's the bad.   However, the food is freakin amazing!!! The lasagna may be the best I have ever had in my entire life.  Ever.  Sorry mom. The prices are reasonable, they deliver and there's take-out.  The service is passable, but seriously, the best pizza too in Gainesville.
The service is here is the best part of the experience.  The servers are all kind and attentive.   The food, while generously proportioned, is terrible.  I've had a calzone here and a piece of the lasagna, and neither was good.  The ingredients in the calzone didn't seem to be drained at all so the entire thing was a greasy, inappropriately sweet mess.  The lasagna was passable but not exactly memorable.   Based on this, I'm not exactly excited about trying their pizza.  I may end up eating some, but I doubt it'll be my own idea.
Without a doubt Big Lou's has the best chicken wing in Gainesville.  I moved to Gainesville five years ago from Asheville and have been searching for a good wing.  Well, I finally found one. First, the wings are above normal in size which in my opinion  is the only way to go. (Wing size does matter!)  Second, they make their own sauce. "Let me tell you, I used to own two chicken wing restaurants and made 31 marinades from scratch and this sauce is as good as it gets. If you like medium to hot traditional hot wings."  Finally, I found a restaurant that gives you enough blue cheese or ranch dressing to finish off the 25 wings and have some left over.    I didn't eat anything else at this restaurant, but the service was good for a laid back Italian restaurant.  I will definitely be back to eat  more wings.   Great Job Big Lou's!
Great local place. When I am in downtown Gainesville and looking for basic lunch or dinner, this is the place.  Unpretentious, no-nonsense. I usually order the calzone.  Even their small calzone is plenty for a hungry adult male.  The sauce is nothing special, but it's not bad, and the main thing is the crust anyway.  They have a nice crust on the pizza/calzone.  The dough is chewy, slightly sweet and nicely browned with a dusting of (I think) cornmeal.  Just super tasty and a good value.  Yum. Service is competent and efficient. Some of the waitresses have metal rings in their eyelids and noses and so forth, but they get the job done, and you just have to expect that stuff downtown.  I'm really there for the food.
We are Satchel's fans.  But, since the fire, we've had to explore other pizza options. We finally gave Big Lou's a try.  It was fine.  A totally decent pizza.  The toppings were pretty skimpy, but the price was good. We'd go there again.
Came here for lunch once, the places was kind of pack with people, so we sat outside.  The food took a little longer than expected to come out, but the pizza was delicious.  I'd revisit if I'm in the area.
Let no one say that Big Lou's isn't a good deal.  Two slices and a drink for about $5 is generous, especially when you see the slices.   Some things to know before you go:  Your two-slice special will be served on paper plates stuck together, and, considering that the pizza dwarfs the plates, a bit of your pizza will be touching the table.  Also, this is NY style pizza, so you're expecting it thin, but Big Lou's is occasionally VERY thin, so that if they haven't made it crispy enough--which happens--cutting a piece with your knife is a bit like trying to slice a moist paper towel.  The cheese has a subtle, almost bland flavor, and you may be tempted to put salt on it.  But it's better with a little crushed red pepper that comes on every table.   The long and short of it is this:  I don't think the pizza is that great, but they are generous and cheap; they serve gigantic glasses of freely-refilled Coke; the atmosphere is pleasant, but you will have to hunt for free parking.
Love Big Lou's Pizza  - they have a great lunch special with a slice, salad and a drink!  Fabulous Caesar Salad (I get blue cheese for the dressing) and garlic rolls!
The Eggplant-Parm Sub is pretty amazing. The calzones too. I asked for extra sauce once and the brought me a huge bowl of it. That's really cool.
All I will say is, if I handed you two slices of pizza - 1 from here and 1 from Satchel's - and if you ate the Big Lou's slice first, you would take a bite of the Satchel's slice and spit it all over the floor. You'd be looking around for Aston Kutcher and the cameras... it is that much better than Satchel's... other pizza chefs at GREAT places have told me that this is their favorite spot, and they are FAST... even at lunch, I think I got my slice in 5 minutes... You can't lose, folks...
I like this place, good garlic rolls, good pizza, crispy crust, good ranch dressing and attentive servers. I like this place better than satchels, I just can't deal with the hippie wierdos over there, and Big Lou's takes credit cards.
This is typical, normal, nothing special, non-chain restaurant pizza.  About a year ago, they used to serve pizza at ~33% less then the price they serve it now, with no corresponding change in the quality of the food.  It's thin crust, NY style pizza, yes.  However, note that they put a veeeeeeery thin layer of sauce on their pizza and that their crust tastes... off.  This is not a one time thing, either; this is the way they make their stuff now.  When I got to Gainesville three years ago, I went to Big Lou's and it was awesome.  The pricing was great, the portion size was great, they piled on the cheese and lathered it in sauce.  Now... not so much.  They're just trying to scrape on by now, it seems. Now, that being said, the service here is either 1. just average, or 2. atrocious, depending on who you draw as your server.  There is a manager lady who is quite possibly the rudest restaurant staff member I've had to encounter on a regular basis in this city.  Most one-shot rude servers I do not see again (because they are fired, presumably), but this lady, being the manager, is just something else.  She's thin and has evil-looking eyebrows and honestly makes you feel as though your existence is a significant burden to her enjoyment of life.  She has verbally attacked people for doing absolutely nothing (I've seen it!) and is generally a dark stain on an otherwise decent place.  She has been there for the entire three years I've lived here, so who knows... maybe she has something over the owner.  I apologize for your misfortune if you draw her as your server. Also, note that they have a propensity to close randomly way before their stated closing time.  Definitely call them before driving downtown if it's even two hours before their listed closing time, because they could be closed or closing soon. They have the best cannolli in Gainesville, though!  As Vincent Vega says, "I don't know if it's worth (four) dollars, but it's pretty fucking good." 3 stars because it's really a 2.5 but it's probably closer to 3 than 2.
Was very unhappy with the food. Definitely the first and last time I will ever order a delivery or eat from there again. The pizza was stone cold and soggy and the marinara sauce tasted like it was straight from a can. Overall very bland and not appetizing at all. I will advise everyone NOT TO ORDER from this place. A big waste of money!
I agree with Dan on all points - but can't believe he forgot about the best thing!  Big Lou's has the MOST amazing, MOST garlicky, MOST butter-drippingly yum rolls this side of Leonardo's!  They're a meal in themselves, but do try to save room for some of the other menu items, all are tasty!  Plus, the wait staff are all super-cute and friendly.
Best pizza, best service, best location! Thumbs up! :)
Best pizza in town as far as I'm concerned. The salads are amazing as well. Get the garlic rolls!
So I came to try a steak & cheese sub and was very disappointed... I know they're not known for their steak & cheese, but it was greasy and flavorless... maybe I will be happier with some pizza, but as it stands, they suck!
This pizza is the best in Gainesville. Yes, it's better than Satchel's even if  you can't eat in a bus or shop for junk while you wait. If you want pizza, come here. The prices are reasonable, too. It's not fancy, so you need to be ok with red checkered table cloths. I would highly recommend going for lunch as they usually have a two slice/drink special going that can't be beat.
Wow what great pizza and customer service. Monica was hustling the bar and take press wonderfully. Then managerZilla came into work. The whole place turned into a glass house with a bull running around. Whatever her name is needs to work in the back cutting onions.  She was rude to customers as well as the staff. Girl manager life is to short to be like that in your twenties.  I called a cab to get out of there and hang with more friendlier people. So sad.
A lunch-spot favorite for us - close enough to the office to walk to, great prices/deals, and yummy thin-crust pizza! The daily lunch special is two slices of pizza (1/4 of a gigantic pizza, basically) and a drink (sweet tea highly recommended, naturally) for under $5. you'll be stuffed. Also have 1-slice and a salad with drink for same deal. Good beer prices too. Also have nightly dinner specials for each day of the week - the manicotti (Fri or Sat, I think?) is yummy.
Cheap food. Good portions. Tasty pizza. Best thin crust I have had in a long time. I will definitely come here again.
What a pizzeria should be, good pizza, beer and service. Seriously, this seems simple but in Gainesville really seems to have a hard time with this type of stuff. So far its the best in Gainesville, and definitely the best to dine in at. It's only my opinion but that's why you read yelp.
My favorite veggie pizza in town, though I customize it by removing the green peppers and adding jalepenos.  So good I never tire of it. The pizza crust is thin, crispy, and tasty.  Don't forget to ask about the daily beer special. Last night I ordered a veggie pizza and paired it with Dale's Pale Ale, which was on special. Heaven.
The pizza is ok but their buffalo wings are pretty good for Gainesville. Nice sauce with the right zing of vinegar and good crispiness. Gotta eat 'em there though, they'll get soggy and gross if you attempt take out.
Great place to grab a bite to eat while you're downtown. An inside/outside eatery right on the corner of 2nd Ave. and Main, pet friendly, even brought the puppy a bowl of water.  Yummy pizza, and wonderful calzones, good service.  Pizza sort of tastes like Sabros in most malls but still a nice treat in downtown. But the deals are great, Big Lou's special is two slices and a drink for $5.65 and the sweet tea is on par for the south.
Closest pizza joint to my apartment, but I tend to order pizza during 3am drunken stupors, and 5-Star is open 24 hours. What the hell's the point of this place?
This place was close to where I worked in Gville, so I went a few times. Tasty pizza, huuuuuuuge slices.
It's a pizza place. Good selection on the menu. Good taste and good service. Fair pricing. The patio is nice also.
Definitely one of my favorite pizza places in Gainesville. They have really great garlic rolls and wings, too. They have several specials, like a salad, slice and drink for about $8. Can't beat that. The outdoor seating area is nice too.
Good quality pizza.
I like this place. I am vegan and gluten-free so can't speak about the pizza directly but they have nice salads and super yummy fries. I ordered a large salad and got them to add every veggie they have in the house. They were great and only up-charged .50 for it all. The salad was HUGE. I totally chowed, shared with my hubby, and STILL had left-overs to share with my two friends the next day. My husband LOVES the pizza and he is a pretty harsh critic. It's not NY style (no orange grease running to your elbows) but definitely smells and looks great!! The prices are a bit high but compared to other comparable pizza joints, it's actually a check you don't begrudgingly pay for. Service is comprehensive and punctual. Check it out!
Best pizza, calzones, and cannoli in Gainesville.
Great pizza, and close running to the best in Gainesville.  The staff is kinda cool.  It gets four stars because the food is overall inconsistant, but its so cheap.
This place is great! My favorite is the Mediterranean pizza. It's a great place to have lunch or dinner. I like to sit outside, order my favorite pizza and enjoy a pitcher of beer with friends. Arguably the best pizza place in Gainesville.
Good NY style pizza, maybe the only option around Gainesville. Service is pretty slow, usually do to the amount of business, and times quoted for pick up at off by about ten mins. Prices are fairly unreasonable in my opinion.
Pepsi, pizza and great friendly service at a great price!  Be warned...their serving sizes are huge!  One slice of pizza (a quarter pizza) fills me up every time.
Okay, over the Christmas season my boss ordered Big Lou's take out pizza for lunch on two different occasions. I liked it better this time. There seemed to be more flavor, though in take out form the crust was a bit soggy. Still think there's much better pizza in town, but it's better than I first thought.
Used to be my favorite thin crust pizza place in town, but the cost has gone up a lot. 19.99 for a three topping pizza. Also would not let us use a coupon cause we didn't present it at the beginning. The service has usually always been great. We've come here for years, but we're going to take a break from it for awhile.
Am moving into the area and needed a food break. I remembered reading a friends' review about Big Lou's and decided to give it a try. (Thanks Laura N)! I love pizza but have never been a huge fan of tomato sauce (is that possible)? I usually order an Alfredo or white sauce.  I called and the woman who answered the phone was really sweet and patient with me while I asked all sorts of questions. When I found out they didn't do an Alfredo, just a ricotta cheese white, I opted for the ricotta with italian sausage and mushrooms. Since she knew I had never been there before she gave me great instructions and tips on the parking. Thank you SO much for that! Anyway, fifteen minutes later I arrive and the pizza is ready to take home. The one thing that I did forget to ask was, "how much will this be?" It ended up being $19.05 (I added a glass of tea) plus tip totaling $21.00. I am not a cheapskate, but, over $20 for a medium pizza and tea?!?!?!? Yowzer......The pizza was really, really good. Better than any I've had in Gainesville. But, I'll have to get my fix by the slice or see if they have any specials next time.
The pizza and service were decent, but there were so many damn flies inside that I eventually had to leave. Yes, it's a casual pizza place, but that doesn't mean it's okay for it to be swarming with flies.
best pizza ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Big lou's pizza is not good and I don't understand how it has the ratings it does. The pizza slices I've gotten there just have the toppings slapped on at the last second, not baked with the pizza like every other pizzaria. I understand that it would be impossible to have a pizza waiting with every possible topping combination, but it is really unacceptable to put ham cold cuts on top of someone's pizza. When I tried something else, the spinach calzone, it was even worse. It was drippy, soggy and one of the blandest things I've eaten in a while. Don't eat here.
Definitely NOT NY-style pizza at all. I ordered a White Pie aka Pizza Bianca as we call it in NY, and some of their Garlic Rolls to go. The pizza had a mediocre taste, strange slices, and a crackery-type dough. Their rolls on the other hands were very good, very doughy but slathered with raw garlic oil which I found odd. Go to Mamma Mia's, that's as real NY style as it will get here in Gainesville.
