Probably the best sushi in Gainesville, but definitely not the best anywhere.  Sushi offerings are somewhat limited, but what they do offer is pretty tasty.  Service is alright.
This was some shockingly good sushi. I sat at the bar on a busy Thursday night and the service was amazingly fast. Everything was good. They had the reddest tuna I have ever had in the US. The prices were extremely reasonable. Highly recommended.
Best place to get sushi in Gainesville. Really love that it's open late and the cocktails are great. Without a doubt, the mango tango is their best roll and remains to be one of the best sushi rolls I've ever had. Great ambiance and a gem in Gainesville.
Dress to impress the Miami-beach club going crowd because this sushi joint is not for the jeans and tee-shirt set. Dragonfly is part club, part sushi bar, and part kung-fu cineplex. The sushi is solid and the variety of deluxe and cooked rolls will please even the most hardened steak lover. Sauces abound as do the high prices. There are a few irresistible items on the menu (the Dragonfly roll), but the restaurant is loud, crowded, and the wait is long. If you are going to see and be seen, this is your scene. If you are going just for sushi, you can do better and hear yourself think better elsewhere.
I love it. It's one of those few restaurants that cater to our needs as college students.... not expensive, very classy, and amazing food. Just love it.
I just moved to Gainesville from Los Angeles to work at the University. I was looking for a nice restaurant for sushi and was told wonderful things about this place. Sushi was really good. The menu wasn't very appealing so I asked one of the sushi chefs to make something off the menu. He scored big points with me. My new sushi spot for sure !
This place is the best spot to go have some sushi. Love it.
I have been to dragonfly numerous times and every time we go it is wonderful! Everything on the menu is very tasty and during happy hour, there are several options for only $5. Perfect place for large groups (such as birthday parties). Make a reservation since the wait can be very long.
I love the food at Dragonfly. Yeah the atmosphere is hip, and it's got a very nice big city vibe going on, but my husband and I come here because we love the food. We travel a lot, and we have eaten in some of the most exclusive (read most expensive) Pan Asian/sushi joints in the world, and we have yet to find one that comes close to Dragonfly. The funny thing is I don't eat sushi. Can't, actually (but that's another story). Thankfully Dfly has lots of delicious foods that have been put over a fire before being served. The grilled salmon with the miso vinaigrette is incomparable. We order a lot of food whenever we go, making ourselves look like little piggies. We never finish it all (well, sometimes), but it's hard to hold back when we know how good it is. Yes, it's a long wait on the weekends, and I hate to wait when I am hungry, but I will, because the food is worth it. This place is my favorite restaurant in G'ville hands down, and in the top five of my favorites worldwide. We are very, very lucky to have it here. The value is just an added bonus. Okay I have to stop writing now, I am starving, and thinking of Dragonfly is not helping.
Best sushi in town & great service
I don't know if I just had good luck here or what, but I thought the service was probably one of the best parts of dining here. The waitress was phenomenal. She knew her sushi and had an opinion on every dish in the restaraunt. The person I was dining with was less into the whole sushi thing then I was and she even gave each of us different opinions on the same dishes after a few minutes of feeling out our tastes, she seemed like she could guess what we would each like and she was right on every count. The Dragonfly roll was phenomenal, my only regret is not trying more of their specialty rolls instead of getting a plate of sashimi. The sashimi was ok, but I still loved the experience and didn't think it was overpriced at all when taking into account the unique food, great service, and modern atmosphere of the place. I have never been to a sushi restaraunt that did such a great job of combining the fine dining experience with a meal that is normally so simple. It was honestly a very memorable dining experience. As kind of a wine conosseur I also LOVED the sake sampler they had there... It was worth every penny, but be prepared, it's certainly not cheap or fast.
Upscale sushi.  Great place for a fun night out.   Good service, good food and a trendy atmosphere.   We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  The rolls were great, as were the dumplings.  Everything was very fresh. Probably not a good place for younger kids but our 17 year old daughter loved it.  We will return the next time we are in Gainesville.
The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the non-sushi entrees are very small. Delicious, but don't expect big plates.
Since I work right above the restaurant it's no question that I frequent it. I've sort of gotten into a rut about what I eat however so I'm not a good judge of the gamut. I recommend the Mango Tango and Godzilla rolls. For desert the Tempura Ice Cream will float your dreamboat. Expect long waits so bring good conversation.
Great sushi, great atmosphere. I took a few coworkers here during a trip to Gainesville and they loved it. We will definitely be coming back next time we are in town.
had table outside with our  large dog,staff was friendley and service was quick, other reviews said otherwise. we went on a tues night,maybe that could be it. food was great and good prices,lots to share with each other. try 830pm for less of a crowd and short wait.dragonfly roll was  wonderful.
I enjoy this restaurant very much.  Vegetarians, ask a lot of questions - there's plenty here and you have to be careful.  The waiters are always willing to help navigate.  Very good wine options, bar, etc.  Great service from the front door, all the way through the meal.  Reservations highly recommended.
My second visit to Dragonfly Sushi and Sake in a year.  Went on a business recruiting trip with my company and Dragonfly continues to satisfy.  The place is located downtown Gainesville, FL and has free valet parking or you can park across the street in the parking garage.  The food is of great quality and the service is top notch.  The atmosphere is loud and exciting.  Do not go here looking for a romantic dinner for two.  I really enjoyed the Godzilla roll, crunch roll, dragonfly roll, big boss, and mango tango.
One of my favorite places in town.  Amazing food.  Good service.  Very supportive of the community.  All in all a great place.
some people hate it and most people love it... whether you go because you're attracted to their food/drinks or whether you go because you just want to be seen there or whether you go just so you can tell people that you were there, you still find yourself going to dragonfly... bottom line dragonfly is by far the best japanese sushi restaurant in gainesville... long lines exist because everyone wants to be treated to a great dining experience at dragonfly... the restaurant has great decor and ambiance... great service...  awesome nice comfortable bar to wet your appetite while you're waiting for your table... my opinion, nothing goes better with a nice piece of escolar then a nice cold sapporo reserve... h-100...
Best sushi in Gainesville! Service is great. Wish the cocktails were a little less watered down. Continue to love it overall.
SO disappointed!  Just had a Toasted Bagel Roll and a California Roll.  I had to take out most of the salmon from the bagel roll because it tasted odd.  Besides the odd taste, both were very bland.  The avocado had no flavor and my last few bites made me think I may get ill.  Maybe I should have asked for some spicy mayo to add flavor but unfortunately I took it to go.  I generally have a small appetite but I had 1 of each (which normally would fill me up) and I'm still starving; not sure why??
I had this amazing black cod dish that was like butter! So good.  Don't think you're going to get any large entrees here.  They have entree sized prices for tapas sized food.
im from cali and i happen to be a sushi lover...thanx to yelp i found this place.....i went to atlanta GA for a vacay and decided to drive to orlando FL....a 7-8 hour drive needed a lunch break...so i searched through yelp and turns out this dragonfly restaurant had some interesting and delicious sushi that ive never tried or heard of here in cali so i had to try it with such good reviews it had..... i love baked sushi so THE DRAGONFLY ROLL is a MUST TRY...its not fishy at all...very tasty and good all around...ive tried many sushi places in cali and i cant find nothing like the dragonfly..... im not much of a fan for raw fish but FIRE ME UP WASABI had a good amount...meaning it wasnt to much raw fish...when theres too much raw fish in sushi, it tends to have mushy gewy texture which i hate...my cousin loved this sushi more than the dragonfly roll...the crispy wrap of wonton made it really good....again this is something i dont see in cali! my cousin got the DRAGONFLY SHORT RIBS....it was very good too...it came in a bento box... the meat was soft and was marinated real good! to top it off we got RED BEAN ICE CREAM which was my 1st time trying and turned out to be another success!! for $3 it was 3 scoops of icecream.,..i posted a picture of it....that was well worth my money! OVERALL it was worth my stop to gainesville! if ever i would definitely go back!!! i DEFINITELY RECOMMEND this place
I sat at the sushi bar at dragonfly, and had a nice experience.  The wine and sake list definately needs some work, however.  It seems most effort is concentrated on the specialty drinks section, and leaves much to be desired on their wine list.  My "amuse" that was presented by the sushi chef behind the counter was almost laughable in it's pretense.  While the sliced cherry tomato was good, what the hell did it have to do with the restaurant?  It just seemed slopped together, like leftover inedibles from suzie's salad at table 305.  I think if Dragonfly wants to present an amuse bouche, they should try using japonese fair--for instance how about some little ceviche creation using salmon or tuna.  Free food makes people feel good about spending their money, but when it's just a simple sliced cherry tomato, i became completely disinterested.  I had two specialty rolls for dinner.  The Lava Roll was amazing.  I love the scallop delight included on top.  The Euro Roll was forgettable.  Bland flavors, cucumber wrap blah blah...it was just bland compared to the Lava--which made my night.  My waiter was not very knowledgable--didn't even know the wines by the glass on the list.  Also it took too long to bring my food out--two rolls that needed zero cooking...i wasn't too upset, i mean it wasn't an amazingly long time, but still...I watched them put my food in the window, all these people just standing there, not bringing me my food...i don't see why the sushi chefs didn't just hand it over to me, instead i had to wait for my waiter to bring it.   The atmosphere reminded me of being in a large metropolitan sushi restaurant, but if they want to be compared to anything nyc or chicago have to offer, they need to be a bit better all around (service, food, winelist, organization, management).
Wow! This place was amazing! Everything about it: the people, the staff, the food, the atmosphere - perfect. First of all, the best place to sit is at the outdoor bar. Also the miso soup is only $3 and is generous with the ingredients. I also ordered the Slammin Salmon. IT WAS AMAZING. I usually love to dunk my sushi bites in soy sauce and put some wasabi on it to make it more interesting, but this roll... you will not want to change anything about it. The staff was also great. The bartenders were very helpful even when the couple next to me were not happy with their dish they took it back and got them something else. I was then assured by the nice women next to me that not being happy with a dish never happens and they had been here numerous times. On top of that the manager/owner came over apparently he knew the couple next to me and was very humble and gracious. I was also introduced to him and he seemed very kind. Good job Dragonfly - You are officially one of my favorite sushi places!
A long overdue review from my trip to Florida last September. This place was a nice break from the student life that consumes Gainesville, FL. The modern decor, the wrap around patio and the line up out the door gave this place far more of swanky big city feel than just a hot sushi spot in a College town. It's been awhile so forgive my inability to describe the dishes I had in any great detail. What I will say is that every dish I had was masterfully made, displayed incredible presentation and tasted unbelievable. The owner/head chef was a friend of one of the guys in our group so he came out at one point to say hello and basically told us not to worry about what to order that he would make some special items for us. What a treat! Here is a list of the items our group shared that evening: - Seaweed salad - Karibuda steam roll - The bomb roll - 7 piece sashimi There were a few original creations that went along with these dishes, but for my money the above were the standouts in my mind. When in Gainsville, search this place out for excellent sushi - I wouldn't have believed it myself but it was likely the top 5 places for sushi I've ever been. Until next time... Eatcrest Out!
Alright!  Dragonfly created the best ramen I had in my whole life.  So surprised that the best I have had didn't come from California.  Anyway, sushi was very, very reasonably priced and very good.  But I have to recommend the ramen.  The broth base was absolutely delightful! I must recommend it!
Great sushi! We had "Mago Tango", "The Bomb" and "Volcano" all were very good, but Mango Tango was our favorite. I will definitely eat here again.
I loved the food. In few dishes, fish was raw but was very well marinated. We had Mango tango rolls and Simman Salmon rolls. We also had dishes with tiger shrimps, tuna and chicken. We loved all the dishes but we felt portions were too less. Main courses were also less in quantity.
Truly, I love a great sushi roll as much as the next person. Dragonfly provides just that; however, they are extremely pricey. You'd do better to visit Sushi Chao on University ave for a superior value. With that said, the food is decent and the ambiance is beautiful. However, the price is not right.
Dragonfly is a favorite of mine in Gainesville. I've been satisfied every time. Great sushi, I have yet to try a roll that I don't like. Their wontons are amaze-balls!
Nostalgia, this is the first place I ever ate sushi and I loved it.  I love their cooked sushi.  No one does cooked sushi better than Dragonfly in my opinion.   Love, Bao Eat on my friends
It has been a pleasure doing business with you. I really enjoy taking my wife and kids to the best atmosphere and Sushi in Gainesville, FL. We have many friends and family that come to Dragonfly from Lake City...the food is always fresh....Great Job!
Pretty good selection of food and the staff is friendly. The place can get packed but they do have reservations during the week. Inexpensive for the environment but more pricey than other sushi restaurants in the area.
Favorite place to eat in Gainesville, though this might be skewed because I'm a sushi addict. The quality is fab and I love the atmosphere is is a little bar like but definitely upscale. My favorite roll has asparagus and salmon yummmm definitely try !!
Long overdue review. I actually don't even live in FL anymore but I have had several bad experiences with sushi and I blame dragonfly haha only place I've had equally good sushi was in Berlin, Germany  and it sucks because I can't just go get some anymore  mango tango is my favorite. Beef Tataki was such a delicious cool twist. I love how inventive and creative they are- not just a standard California roll menu. Go!
I visited Dragonfly for my brother's graduation dinner with our parents, his girlfriend, and his roommate. It was definitely the right place for a more special celebration. Because I was with family, I really didn't get the opportunity to go too wild with the selection; we ordered mostly rolls and drinks, so I didn't get the chance to try any nigiri or sashimi. In most cases, I'd at least try some sushi that isn't in a roll so I could get a better idea of the kinds of fish and prep they do - I guess I'm getting spoiled with California sushi. I ordered hot tea and the smoked old fashioned during our round of drinks. I was definitely impressed with the old fashioned; it was perfect, a different take on a classic and definitely made well (not muddled!). Everyone else ordered some beer, and it was nice to see that they had some Colorado beers in bottles and cans. Our rolls were all really good. They were pretty fancy - almost a little too complicated in some cases - but pretty good stuff. My favorite was the Cobra Cai, though just about everything else was excellent - especially the Dragonfly and the Salmonfly (which isn't on the menu, but it's basically the Dragonfly with salmon instead of the albacore). The Bahama mama and The Bomb were both great too! The brussels sprouts were also really impressive. They were braised and charred with a very sweet flavor and great texture. The only thing that really didn't impress me was the ramen. I ordered the Pork Ramen. It wasn't horrible, but I didn't really like the broth. It wasn't very big, but I didn't expect it to be a huge serving. The pork was charred and not bad, but maybe a little too charred. The egg was probably cooked a little too quickly and the noodles were a bit under-cooked. Our service was excellent. Kevin, our server, was very attentive and super nice. He was chatty and handled it well when our sushi took a while to come out. Kevin definitely helped make it a great experience! All in all, I'd come back. I'd probably order some nigiri and sashimi and maybe try some of the other dishes. I also look forward to trying the dessert sometime as we were too stuffed on this visit. So yeah - I'll be back!
We got a wonderful customer service. Always asking us if we needed anything at the right time. Not the best but better sushi than other places I have been in fl.
I've been to Dragonfly twice since moving to Gainesville, once for lunch and once for dinner. A trendy, fun atmosphere located in the heart of downtown. It's supposedly where Ryan Lochte, the Olympic swimmer and self-proclaimed sex machine, takes his dates when in town. Anyways, during my last visit I started off my meal with edamame, beef tataki, and the lettuce wrap. Some at my table enjoyed the presentation and flavors of the edamame, which was dressed in Japanese spices and hot bonito flakes that "danced" with steam released from the pods. I personally would have preferred the no-fuss simple sea salt version. The latter dishes, I would consider reordering at my next visit. They were beautifully presented, well-seasoned, and flavorful. The flavor profile of the lettuce wrap was reminiscent of Korean barbeque and "samjang." I also tried two rolls. The name of one I can't recall (I may have intentionally removed it from my memory as it wasn't very tasty). The other, appropriately named "The Bomb," was fantastic. The staff were attentive and very amenable to the laborious task of splitting the check for my large party.
What a fabulous spot for delicious food and outstanding service. We had a delightful time and our server Will made the night even better. His knowledge and helpfulness made dinner more special and more fun. We enjoyed a variety of dishes at our table including the salmon sashimi (generous 3 pieces per serve), mushrooms wrapped in bacon (wicked and delish), the risotto was divine, the sushi rolls were great and the tempura was perfectly cooked. They are definitely GF and lactose intolerant friendly and their wine selection is great. It has a terrific ambience and we highly recommend it.
We've eaten here several times during our stay in Gainesville. Have had great experiences each time. Godzilla Roll was our fav but everything we had was good. Dessert is a must. Portion size is large so I recommend sharing:)
Great place for lunch. The service is a bit too slow for me (when sitting at the sushi bar). However, the sashimi had great flavor.  I was pleasantly surprised with the albacore.
I live in Miami, so my expectations were tempered before I even walked in here. I figured Dragonfly would be good, but just another decent sushi restaurant in comparison to options down south. I was right. The food was fresh and light -- just what I was looking for. But it was also uncreative. I ordered the five-piece sashimi, chef's choice. I received two pieces of salmon and three pieces of tuna. Does this chef pride himself in his choices? He shouldn't. This was the least creative option I could have imagined. I expected five different pieces of fish, even if one was salmon and another tuna. Additionally, the menu identifies which rolls are cooked and which are raw, and I was disappointed to find so many cooked options (I'm guessing at least half, if not more, though I admittedly did not count). Because I typically ignore the cooked roll options (and those with cream cheese or bacon), I had few to choose from.
I had dinner with a friend at Dragonfly last week and was eager to try it again after hearing that their menu had greatly improved and many small but useful changes had been made in how the restaurant was run. True to that, there is a new menu that manages to retain some favorites from years past--including the beloved crab wontons--and add new concepts that take Dragonfly further into Asian-fusion and from a meal approach to a sushi a la carte approach, though ample sushi options still abound. I have a few misgivings about the new approach though: I would like a more traditional sushi menu instead of this mix and match concept borrowed from Rolls n Bowls: it seems more appropriate to a cafeteria than a fine dining restaurant. I'm not sure why so many sushi bars in Florida seem determined to dumb down sushi as much as possible. One complaint in the past I've had with Dragonfly was the waitstaff was poorly-informed. That's no longer the case: our waitress knew the menu backwards and forwards and was even a bit snooty when I asked if they still had the roll with tuna and basil, responding "we can still make it, sure, but that's NOT basil--it's a Japanese mint!". In fact, I'm pretty sure in the past the waiters said it was basil no matter what it really was, so whatever. In general, I also felt she rushed us but maybe she was just busy. The interior is also somewhat renovated and once again, a fine dining concept was clearly the aim here. As to the food, the crab wontons were awesome as ever and the sushi was fresh and overall pretty good. Our tea was brought out in the most adorable little teapot ever and the presentation in general was very pleasing--nearly wabi-sabi actually. Points for that, certainly. The waitress and the general approach though didn't make me feel too eager to return anytime soon. As crowded as Dragonfly was on a weeknight--a rainy one at that--they're doing something right, but the quality and diversity of the sushi was still sub-par to that of Mahzu (or however they spell their name now) which easily has the best sushi in town. Dragonfly obviously knows it has the location, the bar, and the repute to pack in sorority girls and people who still think Ed Hardy shirts are cool, but they're not doing anything truly innovative. In fact some aspects of their approach would look quaint in a city that takes sushi seriously like LA or San Francisco--or even Orlando.
Was at a client dinner last night for work with a large party and Tanya nailed it! She was so great and really helped to give our client a great night out!
This was the place where I was introduced to sushi for the first time.  My company had a dinner here and I was disappointed at first since I had never had sushi before and somewhat assumed I would not enjoy it. It was grande.  Being the sushi newbie I cannot recommend specific dishes but it all tasted so good.  There were several plates going around the table as we sampled all the different rolls.  I think this was a great place to discover my new love of sushi. Later, my honey surprised me with a special Valentine's Day reservation here.  It was the most enjoyable Valentine's Day experience to date. Definitely pricey but the experience alone made it well worth the price.   For Valentine's Day they had a four course meal (Soup/Salad, Appetizer, Main Course, Dessert) where each course had its own wine pairing. Highly recommended for impressing that special someone.
Good sushi in Gville. Would eat here at least once a week back in college. Usually has a long wait but its worth it!
Good sushi, very nice place to take a girl in a date! They have alot of unique rolls. The Godzilla is good, it's a little pricey but worth a try.
My girlfriend and I went here on our first date and came back 2 years later and don't know why it's taken us so long to come back. I LOVE THIS PLACE! They offer complementary valet and the staff is so nice it's overwhelming. The last time we visited we sat at the sushi bar. My girlfriend asked me what dumplings were and I did my best to explain. She got up to go to the restroom and a sushi chef, I really wish I could remember his name, gave me a plate with two dumplings and told me "I overhead you two talking about the dumplings, here's a couple for you both to try." I was shocked. Its weird how the little things stand out so much. Thank you Dragonfly!
Dear Dragonflop, You attempt to bring home Japanese traditions and infuse it with Western flair to the crowd of Gainesville.  On my first experience, I ordered not-so-fresh overpriced raw nigiri, and a disgusting, barely palatable "Black Dragon Roll" which suffered from having everything but the kitchen sink in it. For some reason, (mostly because a bunch of my friends were going) I decided to give you another try.  This time, I focused on tried and true Japanese classics.  I ordered a seafood yosenabe which for $12 could barely feed a 5 year old such as yourself, had the smallest piece of "Alaskan King Crab", and to top it off, a soup broth that lacked any sort of depth and character. How hard can it be to make a deeply flavored broth of sweet soy, dashi, and miso?!?!?!  This is something I'm sure your Mother has made and hopefully taught you well.  Classically, a yosenabe is a pot of simmering water brought to your table and you add your ingredients yourself.  I didn't expect that for $12, but at least I expected something worth eating. Next, I had the wagyu (American style Kobe Beef) which was only $15 for 2 ounces.  I was ready to be underwhelmed (Wagyu normally runs $15 an ounce) and sure enough I was.  Since I ordered it carpaccio style, I expected it raw but I got a slightly med-rare meat!!!!  HELLO! Carpaccio is raw or *maybe* seared lightly.  Furthermore, I did not appreciate how you covered such a delicate meat in excessive soy sauce.  Yes, you were pretty juicy for $7.50/ounce meat but I sadly couldn't taste you since there was too much soy and only a drop of yuzu.  The STAR of carpaccio is the wonderful delicate high quality meat! Finally, I did not appreciate the Dragonfly roll which reminded me of Shephards pie drowning in spicy mayo, fried wonton skins stuffed with Cheeto cheese, and ghetto sake I can buy at the store.  To top it off, you forgot that tempura ice cream should have a crispy shell and gave me some soggy batter wrapped around ice cream.  The service was average, if not slow in your noisy and dim lighting to  attempt to be chic. I will write in my vows to never return to you again. P.S. Your fryer isn't working (see:tempura ice cream) nor can you crisp salmon skin. It was mushy and off-tasting skin.  Please fix that for your next unsuspecting client. P.P.S  You should be ashamed that someone like The Fresh Market has better quality fish than you.
The waiters here are really smooth and say things like, "I will add another wonton onto the order to make an even number for you."  You will nod because you want to move on until you see the bill adding an additional dollar onto your dish each time you agree to this.  When you are eating "Izakaya" style, which I was accustomed to in NYC these sort of up-charges and suggestions do not exist.  Oh, and usually there is a Japanese person working in the building somewhere.  Oooh burn.  But, I guess in the "fusion" world up-charges are a normal occurrence. We got here as soon as they opened on Friday night, so we could not only park on the street but immediately have a seat.  Everything is modern and beautiful, the staff are beautiful, parking is a nightmare, you want to come here the minute they open to get a seat, blah blah blah...okay, the food. !--begin review-- In conclusion, the "Izakaya" and dessert dishes are absolutely delicious (at least the ones we tried).  However, if I come back I will skip the sushi all together. !--end review-- The sushi was the most underwhelming part of the meal, and I am an avid sushi eater both raw and creatively cooked.  The rolls where bland and/or had the wrong flavor combinations, in the end leaving the eater somewhat disturbed.  Maybe if you create your own roll and ask them what fish is the freshest you may come up with something better.  But, that is just my experience.  I will go somewhere else in Gainesville to get my sushi fix. The mixed drinks that make you happy, almost like you live in a city when you sip them will run you big city price?  They are not included in the happy hour special.  Well, maybe at the bar, but only if you want to get hit on by some drunk dad with a Hall Pass.   This place is pricey, and you bring people here if you want to impress them with how much you like Americanized food.  The Spinach Salad with dehydrated shiitake mushrooms was amazing only because of the pungent dressing.  The overpriced crab rangoons were wonderful in their pureed canned peach sauce.  The pre-frozen pork dumplings took the edge off of my dumpling craving but the price left me wanting something assembled on premises.  The server will not know what you are talking about when you ask for Agedashi Tofu, but will suggest their tofu dish with dashi broth.  Hmmm... The special heirloom tomato salad is grainy, sort of bland, but you will be grateful to eat heirloom tomatoes in Gainesville. Possibly even feel like a bada$$. Not asking for much here, people. Dessert runs about $7 each.  The Creme Brulee was delicious, and had a slight green tea taste.  I loved the Green Tea Tiramisu, very strong tea taste and light cream.  The Fried Banana is something that I would never order, that mess is for the birds, but it sure was massive and covered with fresh berries.  It would be good to do this dish sans deep fried mess. After all of this bitterness, it is good to come here and have fun with your friends.  Don't mind me, I turn all food eating into a learning experience.  For the two of us, the bill was $90 before tip, but we had mad fun.
I wish YELP had a real rating system where we rated the food, the service, etc and came up with an average score, of course giving food a higher weight. So, based on the food ALONE this place gets 5 stars. Please please please order the  appetizer with escolar and jalapeno. You will have an orgasm in your mouth! As for the rolls, great quality, creativity, and presentation. The service also gets 5 stars. It's like a restaurant full of "my type"! Every guy waiter there is tall, bearded, dark haired, light eyed, and wears dark-rimmed glasses. Seriously, I can't be the only person who noticed this! Anywho, the only complaint I could have is the following: 1. It doesn't need to be so expensive. I've had fab sushi in many places around the globe and didn't have to pay such high prices. 2. The owner is kind of a jerk. He was drunk and made a comment to a friend of mine one night out and tried to pick a fight (due to his inebriation); my friend informed me "that's the owner of dragonfly". I wanted to boycott his restaurant but found myself unable to give up the escolar and jalapeno :( For those who know me and how stubborn I am this speaks volumes relative to the food here. Definitely eat here.
Change your menu!! For one reason or another I've been in Gainesville now for 6 years and will likely be here much longer. All the while enjoying many great nights at Dragonfly. My problem with the place is that they're getting complacent. They've been the "hottest place" for too long and it's starting to show. It's true that it had a fairly inventive menu, especially for this city, and its also was trendy.....at first. However, since they moved from the old location nothing on the menu changes! If you disagree just look at the tattered old laminated relics they hand you on the way in. To me the redundancy makes them just another sushi place in town, one with higher prices and nicer atmosphere. What's more I feel like their effort and quality has dropped off appreciably in the last couple years. Presentation is not what it used to be. The rolls are not as well put together, and the small plates are look less and less like the upscale fare they're going for. Overall the food has become much more hit and miss. As far as the ingredients go, freshness doesn't always seem peek. I feel like this could be solved by going to a more seasonal menu model. Sure I love rolls like mango tango, sumo, slamin' salmon and oceans 11 but while they once seemed creative now they're just tired. I want to go there one day and be surprised and see a chef's latest inspiration. Or maybe that's too much to ask for in a smaller market (though Mildred's manages to provide this). After all there is a fairly regular population turnover so I think most people don't get too burned out. If you're new to Gainesville or have never been to Dragonfly before, by all means try it out. I doubt you'll be disappointing. The first few dozen times the food is pretty good.  Also, the service is almost always spectacular and the environment upbeat and fun. I just don't think there is any way you can pretend to be a great, hot, trendy restaurant when there's no attempt to be imaginative and consistently try and put a great product out.
I come up to Gainesville once a month for my MBA classes. I have to stay overnight on Saturday so I always end up going out to dinner with classmates. They have a very good cocktail menu and a lot of great whiskeys. They had Pappy 10, 12, and 15 when I was there. I opted for a Manhattan with Sazerac Rye; it was $8 which I thought was reasonable. One of my classmates ordered their dumpling to start. I tried one, but it was just okay; my wife is Taiwanese and makes homemade dumplings though so I may be spoiled. The sushi was fantastic. I don't remember the names of the two rolls that I had, but they had a mixture of shrimp, yellowtail, and ahi. My total bill after two rolls, a drink, tax, and tip was in the low 30s which I didn't think was too bad for the quality and nice ambiance.
My friends and I came here for a weekend visit to UF and I was not disappointed with this establishment. The atmosphere was upscale and was lit up nice. They had old school Samurai films playing on the flat screens by the walls. Service was good and the waiter was quick to place our orders, fill our drinks, and on par for the establishment we ate it. For an appetizer I ordered summer rolls and for five dollars I only got one, so I would probably pick another appetizer on my next visit. My friends say that beef lettuce wraps very delicious and they loved it. They also tried the soft shelled crab and enjoyed it. For my main course I ordered the Ultimate Salmon and Flying Dragon rolls. The salmon was very fresh and tasted delicious with their California Rolls, it did not need anything to be added or removed to it. The eel was delicious and exactly what I craving before I got there. My friends ordered desert and loved it as well, such as the Tempura Ice Cream and Tempura Cheesecake and they loved all of it. Unfortunately I was way too full to try it, but I can't wait to go back so that I can try it next time.
Service was average, Our particular waiter did not seem to be too helpful. Although food came out sooner than expected. The food gets 3 stars hands down. Probably 4 on some dishes. Their portions were a bit too small and prices a little too high. We were a little pissed they charged us for things like a bit of siracha or sauce without so much as a warning. I really wanted dessert but wasn't so much as asked.   Atmosphere was lacking. Their website tries to appear very upscale and hip, but I didnt think either when we sat down. It just seems like they're trying too hard. Like an ex trying to get back with you, who  clearly doesn't get you. It's slightly flattering that they are trying, but mostly just annoying. We also felt kind of rushed out. I had to use the ladies room. And I was literally gagging because it smelled so bad. I am disappointed, Dragonfly. It could have been so much more than it was. Why are their rolls so complex? Why is presentation more important than quality and taste? These are questions I need answered before I step foot in this establishment again.
By request of my friend who is obsessed with this place, I had to make a stop here... Or I wouldn't hear the end of it from him. He has traveled all over the world and tells me nothing compares to that dragonfly roll. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Well I finally made it here and tried that legendary sushi roll. And yes, it was worth it. Really odd type of sushi though. I've never had it with the fish on the outside. But man, was it good! Two types of fish (tuna and yellowtail) and scallions wrapped inside seaweed, then wrapped again with grouper on the outside. And then topped with 2 types of sauces - spicy sauce and eel sauce. O my goodness! I ate the entire thing! Except for one that I gave to college chick, but it was too spicy for her liking, so she just hung out and ate her Moe's salad. Lol. We also ordered some breaded and fried oysters static.px.yelp.com/bphot… which come served on top of a creamy sauce. Pretty good, but that sushi really was the highlight of my evening. Service was great! There was a little bug that picked my plate of Dragonfly roll to fly into. He must like it too! The servers were really cool and replaced it promptly. The food, not the bug. Hehehe. Yes, I am definitely making another stop here. Especially with rolls called names like Euro Trance and Techno.
I seriously used to swear by Dragonfly, stating I've never had better sushi anywhere else, and I've been to Japan and legit Japanese places in SoFla, but this past experience left a sour taste in my mouth possibly forever. I get this place is popular, I get this place (for some unknown reasons) does not take reservations on weekends. but wtf, is this your first rodeo sweetheart? don't sit our party down at a table and then say oops get up wrong party, even though you said my name and the right amount of people. moving forward, they did try to make it up to us with some free apps which was nice, but it still took forever and a day to sit, order, eat, we didn't leave there til midnight. the server was friendly, and organized. the rolls did not impress me this time. not too sure i'll be spending mi dinero here next time i'm visiting Gville
Dragonfly is definently a must have in Gainesville.  They have now moved next door to a larger location (the old Hooters space).  When going to dragonfly the first thing you have to keep in mind that the wait is going to be lengthy.  So I never go if I am starving, because I would surely perish outside the restaurant.  Second, don't expect your food to come to the table quickly either and service during the busy can be a little lacking.  That is the reason dragonfly lost a star.  However, the food more than makes up for these things.   Every time I go it is delicious and unique and the food has never let me down.  For those of you who are used to traditional sushi, dragonfly will definently be a new experience (They have a variety of fish and meats and some of their rolls are even baked, so they come out HOT!)  Also their fried ice cream is so very very good.  The other thing that I truly LOVE about dragonfly is their presentation; everything from their martinis to their food is truly beautiful (well in my humble opinion).   So be daring when you go to dragonfly and try something new.  My bet is that you will really love anything you order!
It seems I've been handing out 5-stars more than usual these days, but I have to say this place is exceptional! Having gone to UF and lived in Gainesville, FL for about five years (Go Gators!) I've been to this restaurant several times and have never had a bad experience. Most recently, I went to Gainesville for Labor Day weekend and enjoyed a delicious dinner here on Sunday night. I ordered a Dragon roll and a JB roll and we all had some edamame as an appetizer. The rolls were delicious and I was definitely not hungry anymore after that meal. I love this place and I try to go back whenever possible... it's one of Gainesville's gems.
I do like Dragonfly but I don't think they have best sushi EVER. I mean, the speciality rolls are good, but not omg amazing plus I think a bit overpriced. The non-sushi food is not really "authentic" Japanese and more new age, so I usually stick with sushi. Try the Salmonfly Roll, which is the Dragonfly but wrapped in salmon instead of grouper. Expect a long wait, especially on weekends. And if it's happy hour while you're waiting, you might as well drink up because it's ONLY available at the bar. Table service patrons pay FULL price for alcohol. Not my idea of a happy, happy hour.
This is the type of place where the creativity of the rolls is the focus. Good cocktails. Volcano Roll - good Cobra Kai - best one Dragonfly - okay Edamame - loved
This is the only reason you should venture into Gainesville, FL. The food is yummy and decently portioned. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is all sorts of trendy. Anyway, the menu is diverse and you can get many different types of Japanese food.  Of course, the sushi menu is long and full of fish you never thought about eating raw. If you are an anti-fish-atarian they have a few veggie/vegan options.
Their sushi is good, their service is ok, if you don't mind waiting a long time.   But, the place always seems to have some new rude hostess, yet she is beautiful. Also, the place is swarmed with girls on their birthday.  Crowns and all. I swear, its like every day the place has a birthday quota to meet. The service isn't great, and the prices aren't great.  For the same thing, now that there is an Ichiban downtown, I will get my downtown sushi resteraunt atmosphere from a less expensive alternative. Also, I have been repeatedly hit in the back of the head one time while eating there because the waiters all came out of the kitchen right where my table was.
Not only the best sushi in town but the best sushi I've had anywhere in the US including New York and California. The atmosphere is very trendy and youthful, I'm 21 and enjoy going with friends but its not the best choice for dining with family necessarily, the music can be pretty loud and I know my mom, for one, can't stand that. I recommend the Shiso Pretty appetizer (fresh tuna tartar wrapped in shiso leaves and panko fried until crispy) or the spicy tuna salad. The Dragonfly Roll is incredible as are most of the other rolls I've ventured to try--even the Sushi Pizza is delectable (be wary though, mayo-phobics). There is a full bar and a large drink list as well. The service has always been very quick, almost too quick at times (I've been in and out in about thirty minutes) so if you're enjoying a special occasion or are on a date, you may want to ask the waiter to space everything out. If you have any ADD guests in your party, I also suggest asking to sit away from the huge flatscreen TVs on the back wall because they sometimes play distracting anime or other programming. On the other hand, if you are dining with children you may want to sit closer to the TVs. My only real complaint is the pricing but only because I am cheap and broke, not because the food isn't worth it!
Definitely the place to see and be seen on a weekend night in Gainesville.  Stylish atmosphere, dressy crowd, and delicious sushi.  The food is really fantastic.  Of course at these prices it's mostly only undergraduates and medical doctors who can afford to eat here. Portions are tiny though.  Luckily, Big Lou's is just around the corner, so you can easily grab a pizza before you head over here for dinner.
This place is incredible. I was brought here by a friend when we were visiting Gainesville for one night and it definitely made an impression. We had the Godzilla roll, Sumo roll, and Mango Tango roll (ahhh, yes, Mango Tango . . . ). Everything was outstanding. The food, the drink, the ambiance, all great. It's a nice wait (it's a busy place!) and kinda pricey, but heck, it's worth it. It may be a good idea to make a reservation because the next time I was in the area and went, we had to wait for a table to clear up. All in all it's a great place with great food (c'mon now, why else would you go to a restaurant!?) and I definitely recommend it. Definitely get the Mango Tango.
I know. Someone that doesn't eat Sushi shouldn't be reviewing a Sushi restaurant... however, I've been there more than most people that do eat Sushi and since I'm the one that pays when we go, I feel it's my duty - plus I've eaten the hell out of the skewers. I give them 4 stars. The service is typically above board. I have yet to dine there and have a waiter/waitress that wasn't friendly. My only complaint about the 'service' is that if you have 4 or more people and only two of you show up, they will not seat you until the rest of your party arrives. So here's a clever suggestion. When you book a table for four, tell them three... this way, if two of you arrive early, you can sit down. It's the dumbest rule I've ever heard in my life for a place in a town as small as Gainesville. I drink when we go there. Ketel on the rocks. $7 a glass and I typically will have two before dinner. In my eyes, keeping me standing at the entrance, detracts from the amount of liquor I would probably consume, which in turn, costs you money. But I digress. The atmosphere is about as hip as it gets in Gainesville, which is really sad. It's a shame that there isn't more to do in this town, but if you want young professionals, I suppose this is the place to be for dinner. I realize, again, it's a sushi restaurant, I just wish they had a tad more entree items for those of us that don't eat raw fish.
Love dragonfly :) was one of my favorite spots when I lived here. Try ANY of their speciality rolls and ALL of their entrees, I've had one of everything at some point or another and I can tell you that there has never been a disappointment. And please don't forget the fried ice cream :) pace yourself over multiple trips here, and take a date!!
I've been here twice. The first time here i loved the service and the food. The second time the wait was awful. Half our table finished their meals before other even received theirs. The food was still delicious. Cant wait to go again.
Good sushi. Great sake. Don't go here for an authentic Japanese experience.  Go here if you want to hang out in a hip restaurant and watch lots of people celebrate their birthday.  Apparently this is the place to go when someone else is paying :)  One of the rolls had steak and jalapenos and cream cheese, not sure how that's sushi... We sat at the sushi bar hoping for better service.  That plan didn't really work so well.  The food came out correct and in a timely fashion, but no one hates an empty glass/bottle more than me.  They were also trying to get us out of there sooner vs later, and that was reflected on their tip. I would definitely recommend coming here and walking around the square.
Oh Dragonfly how you've gone down in quality since I last had you 7 years ago.  Not that you were bad, you just weren't as innovative as you used to be.  You used to WOW me and impress me and now you merely satisfy me.  Your creativeness used to taste amazing and now it's just perplexing. Good happy hour specials, but after three drinks I felt nothing.  Perhaps you should put some alcohol in your drinks next time.   Everything was beautifully presented, but I also wanted to let you know that black bean tasting guacamole does not pair well with tuna sushi rolls.  It was kinda like interracial dating in my mouth, but in a bad way.  If you're going to mix Japanese cuisine with Mexican make sure it tastes good before sending it out.
What a fantastic restaurant in Gainesville. Nice atmosphere,great food and with my girls! Ultra fresh, Creative rolls,incredible scallop shooters and an awesome salad with Ginger dressing. Prices very reasonable for the quality
This isn't just a sushi place - it's tapas-style sushi. One of the problems with sushi restaurants is that there's often so much on the menu to try but you can't do it all...the portions at Dragonfly are meant to be shared, but you can still make a great variety meal. I was impressed to see a few more adventurous items on the sushi menu, including uni (sea urchin) which I had the pleasure of trying for the first time (and it was good!). They use quality ingredients, like wagyu beef, which I got as a carpaccio. Beef was super tender, but I couldn't get much of the meat flavor because the sauce it was in was a bit too oily and overpowering - my only complaint. The other food we had was delicious as well - nabe-style seafood soup with a nice chunk of king crab, mussel, clam, shrimp, scallop and mushroom with noodles and cabbage in a delicious sweet-spicy broth. One of the specials that night were BBQ pork buns which were perfect, pork was tender, crispy and warm with some cool crunchy pickled veggies wrapped in the steam bun dough that wasn't nearly as glutenous and bland as I've had in the past. The atmosphere is trendy, a bit loud and crowded, but not so much that it's off-putting. We only had to wait about 10-15 minutes for a table for 2 and this was on a Tuesday night during UF's winter break, so I wouldn't say it was bad at all. My only complaint was that I couldn't eat any more! The prices are about what you'd expect for sushi - we ended up with a $66 bill for 4 "entrees", 1 roll and 1 sashimi and believe me, it was plenty to fill us up!
Visit Date: 10.11.2009 This is a fancy restaurant with high prices and pretty good sushi. I had 2 rolls, one of which was an unagi roll. Best thing ever. It's the sushi roll on the right, topped with fish sashimi in one of the attached pictures. Each sushi roll was around $10. For dessert, I had the green tea tiramisu, which was delightful. The atmosphere and lighting of the restaurant makes it a choice venue for birthdays, dates, or to kick back with co-workers.
I love dragonfly! it's def my favorite place to go in gville. it is reasonably priced and trendy (for the area!). my favorite thing to get is the bomb roll and the cucumber cocktail. the yakitori skewers are also really good. the eggrolls are a bit greasy, but aren't they always? the ambience is nice and i'm always happy to go here! if you go on a weekend night, they may intimidate you by saying the wait is like 80 minutes, but usually it is only half an hour. not bad. even if you have to wait, you give your phone # and they call you when your table is ready so you're able to roam around the "downtown" area & aren't confined to 150ft by an electronic beeper. the interior is trendy and seems like you're somewhere that is not gville, which i like. i've never had a problem with the waitstaff. i highly recommend this place! =) i'm trying to go as often as possible before i graduate lol
I used to think Dragonfly was overrated, but I've since changed my tune.  Dragonfly is a rarity in that it offers non-fish eaters a great selection of sushi to choose from.  I dig the decor, and the service has always been great.   Dragonfly also has pretty awesome Happy Hour specials.     If it's your first visit, I'd recommend not coming on a weekend night.  It's always packed, and you'll be disappointed by the longer than normal wait times.  Try a Monday, which is a good idea anyways because so many Gainesville restaurants are closed on Mondays.
Wife was feeling like sushi so we needed up at Dragonfly. Sushi was really good. They have a very large selection. The atmosphere was very loud though. Don't go here if you are looking for a quite date night.
Impressive and unique sushi menu.  You'll never be disappointed with anything you pick from there.  They even have tasty unique rolls.  I remember having their dragonfly roll topped with kiwi and strawberry - an excellent choice for the Gainesville sushi experience. The four stars could be up to five if it weren't for the service my friends and I got one night.  It took them an hour and a half for them to seat us while they seated couples and parties before us.  Once we got seated it took them another while to get our orders.  They gave us free beverages and desserts, but still.  We must've gone at a bad night with preoccupied wait staff at the time. Be prepared for patchy service, but the unique and tasty Gainesville sushi experience more than makes up for it.
BEST sushi I have ever had anywhere!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OK now that Ive said the most important part, here are my reccommendations: Godzilla roll Dragonfly roll Lava roll Lychee martini ...enjoy :)
This is my husband and my (is that right? grammar??) favorite date-place in Gainesville. There is no doubt that sushi here is excellent. Their namesake roll is delicious, as well as the Mango Tango roll. They also have great drinks. It can be a bit pricey for Gainesville but it really is good food. My only gripe with this place is the amount of time it takes to be seated. It doesn't matter if you have a reservation, you are still going to wait. They also seat people that know the owner before anyone at anytime -- there is no shame in their game.
Yes, I dislike that Dragonfly won't take my pleas for reservations on the weekends but the food makes up for it! Dragonfly is one of the most popular sushi joints in town, and one of the hot spots in Gainesville on a Friday and Saturday night. It's unfortunate that some people have had to wait 2+ hours to be seated. Yes, 'tis sad but true. I had to wait about 2 hours one night but hey, it's the price you pay for a good time! What isn't good at Dragonfly? I can't think of one thing other than the wait. Service is good once you are seated. I enjoy sitting at the sushi bar because the guys working in the back are really nice. I've had a few samples of different appetizers due to their generosity. They certainly know how to treat their customers! And they aren't that hard to look at either. ;-) I have had so many different food items at Dragonfly that it would only be fair to spare your eyes and mention just my favorites. My favorite rolls are the following, in order of preference: the Dragonfly Roll, the Lava Roll and the Krispy Krunch. These rolls are completely amazing and you cannot say you have been to Dragonfly without ordering AT LEAST the Dragonfly Roll. There is a reason they put their name on it, and the reason is that it is DAMN good. The Godzilla Roll and Crunch Roll are another two that are pretty good. I always order some Edamame with my sushi. It's a good way to get the appetite going, though this isn't much of a problem for anyone eating at Dragonfly. Most people like the Crab and Cream Cheese Wontons, but I do not like these so much. To me, there's something gross about biting down on a wonton only to get a squirting mouthful of cream cheese. Yuck. The Grilled Steak Skewers and the Dragonfly Short Ribs are pretty delicious. Try to order one of these for sure! The Shiitake Summer Rolls were good but the mushrooms were a bit dry for my liking. And lastly, the miso soup and ginger dressing salad are always a must! I love coming to Dragonfly with a small group of friends. It's easier to get seated and the food comes out faster. Sake bombs at Dragonfly are a MUST so please do enjoy yourself with these. Dragonfly does get to be pretty expensive but I have no problem spending the money. Like I said, the food here is amazing and I will forever be a customer again and again.
One of our favorite places and definitely has the best sushi and we have been to dozens of sushi places.  It is better than semi famous ones like Nobu in vegas.  They come up with great specialty rolls.
First time here. They noticed. Being a new sushi restaurant for me, I did not order sashimi platter and opted for a few California state rolls, a hand roll and some nigiri style maps ago. Everything was great. Unfortunately I was not aware they were charging me for a pot of tea, usually free at other rests I frequent. At the end, a manager I guess, offered me their version of crab Rangoon just to say thanks for coming in. Absolutely amazing. Made with spring roll wrappers instead of wonton wrappers. I'll be back.
This place is too trendy for its own good. I've been many, many times to Dragonfly and have regretted it almost every time. Yes, the actual restaurant is somewhat cute and artsy or whatever, but the food is absolutely nothing special. Like others have said, they over-complicate the sushi to the point where it isn't enjoyable. I was really excited to try the Godzilla roll, but was sorely disappointed. The flavors didn't work together and it just felt bland. I also had the Banzai Saketini-- also nothing to write home about. If I had to recommend something, it would be the Yaki Soba and pretty much any of the desserts. Otherwise, Dragonfly doesn't live up to its hype. Plus, it's extremely overpriced for what it is. I'd recommend Bento or Momoyaki for quality sushi and better service at a significantly better price.
Loveeeeeee Dragonfly. I'm not the biggest sushi fan (I really don't like seafood) but they have some of the best rolls I've tried. Some of my faves: Mango Tango, Crispy Crunch roll, Black and Bleu, Grilled chicken roll (the last 2 have zero seafood in them). Also, the edamame here is super delish. I also really like their green tea ice cream if you have any room left after the sushi. You probably won't. because their rolls are huge, which is nice because sometimes I feel like sushi places don't give you enough food and you leave still hungry. Doesn't happen at Dragonfly. Also, you HAVE to try their cucumber martini. They infuse the vodka there, and I haven't had a better one anywhere. Not super cheap, but worth it. Another thing I love about Dragonfly is the atmosphere - Its really dressy and trendy (and I love to dress up). It actually feels like you're at a nice restaurant, which is kind of hard to come by in Gainesville. One thing to think about before you come though, is that there absolutely WILL be a wait. some nights its worse than others, but Ive never not waited for a table here. Still totally worth it!
This has been a staple in Gainesville.  It keeps getting bigger and bigger, but as it grows, better and better as well!  Great vibrant atmosphere, consistently good food. Well done!
After the recommendations from my co-workers and the agreement from my boyfriend, DragonFly does has one of the best sushi rolls in town!   Despite the longer-than-I-am-used-to wait, I was excited to enjoy the Spicy tuna, Lava, + dragonFly rolls that we ordered.  We were seated at the sushi bar and I always enjoy watching my rolls being made in front of me. Even though I prefer Bento (because I believe they have equal sushi-grade quality), I do see why everyone talks about the fresh & awesome rolls DragonFly offer.
Ok, I am not saying that this is not a pretty decent and hip restaurant, especially for Gainesville standards...but I do find it rather overrated. I have been here on several occasions and nothing that I have ordered has ever *really* excited me. The best things I have tried are the dragonfly roll and the warm shitake and spinach salad. I am a frequent visitor at their sister and much less expensive restaurant, Roll n Bowls, and do not find the flavors all that different..since they use all of the same sauces. Maybe I am just spoiled being from Miami, where I can think of much better Japanese restaurants. The place definitely has a good atmosphere though, and the drinks (albeit pricey for Gainesville) are pretty good too. I have had the lychee and cucumber martinis- both very good.
I went here with my boyfriend two weeks ago, and it was okay.  I'm also from Hawai'i, and although I agree with some of the reviews by other locals posted, it wasn't "bad" sushi. it was pretty good. My complaint would be the service..the waitress was rude and impatient..especially at a sushi restaurant, why would you take away the drinks and sushi menu??? Oh and to the owners.. "nigiri" means serving sushi in pairs. this was the first time I ordered nigiri sushi and was given only 1 piece..."one serving" of nigiri is to be 2 pieces of sushi...weird. But it was decent sushi, considering you are in downtown gainesville, rather than in Hawai'i or Japan.  We did enjoy the soft shell crab, the salmon skin and godzilla roll and the specialty cocktails were good.
Probably still the best sushi in Gainesville. Though I have had better sushi (Uchi in Austin, TX comes to mind), this is a good sushi restaurant and not just by Gainesville standards. The service is usually pretty attentive and friendly even during busy times which they experience often. With a just a little more work on the menu, maybe by some excursions around the country to noted hot spots, I think it worth five stars. Check out the wilted spinach shitaki salad.  Yum.
I ate there and felt cool. I think I paid 8 bucks for a tiny tofu dish. I am not cool.
Eek, what's their max capacity exactly? Because I think the amount of people they try to crowd in their dining area is unhealthy. Back in 2006, their sushi was my favorite in Gainesville, aside from Matsuri. Now it seems that they are more focused on "image" rather than quality. Having worked at a very successful sushi restaurant, Amura, I can honestly say that I feel like this place isn't being run properly. There are WAY too many chefs behind that sushi bar, they're crammed like enslaved sardines back there! I feel that the whole sushi making experience has been cheapened by Dragonfly. Service is good but you can just tell it's that "I want your money so I will pretend to like you and be nice to you for a few seconds, then walk away rolling my eyes" type of service. Great martinis, but no specials on a Thursday night... At all? If you haven't been, check it out. If you're looking for good sushi, and have already been to this outdated, fakely up-scale(ish), wanna-be trendy Americanized Jap joint, go to Ichiban.
After fighting the urge to follow the band-wagon, I have to finally submit and say that Dragonfly is the best place to eat sushi for an all around great experience. Miya sushi is great but it offers a less trendy, more authentic experience. I really enjoy Dragonfly because the staff is trained like wait staff in larger cities. Some places like Shoot Star (once my favorite place) have fallen to the way side for some reason or another. If you want a good drink, good wait staff, good sushi, and a nice ambiance (as from the china man movie in the back) go to dragonfly!
Came here for birthday dinner with the bf while visiting family in Gainesville.  We're both vegetarian and found there were plenty of options on the menu for us to share and enjoy; i used to eat a lot of fish sushi and their rolls and sashimi all sounded creative and totally fantastic, and everyone around us sure looked like they were enjoying their meals!   The warm spinach and shiitake miso salad was AMAZING.  green tea tiramisu on the dessert menu was light, fluffy, and very uniquely delicious.  flavored sake - we had peach - was new to me and so yummy!  service was attentive and friendly. i also appreciated their emphasis on the concept of sharing small plates with the people you're dining with - really makes for a more intimate, special dining experience. we were here on a Monday - and it was PACKED - so i definitely recommend making reservations!  overall, a thoroughly enjoyable dining experience.  will definitely head back if we're ever in Gainesville again.
I've gone to this Dragonfly more than the one in Orlando. I'm tempted to say it's almost the same menu although I think the Orlando one has more hot dishes. But they have the same delicious to-die-for cucumber martini, amazing salmon risotto, beautiful fresh sashimis, delicious sauteed edamame with garlic and bonito flakes. Love the bomb roll and the spicy conch or yellowtail roll. Service is always fantastic even when it's extremely crowded.
Dragonfly Sushi was conceptionalized in the late 90s and with the help of inventive designs and courageous combinations... Hiro was able to make a mark in the budding economy of Gainesville.   Dragonfly Sushi is the top spot.. It's the place where you want to go to show off your feathers... it's so good that you think you must be dreaming.. Take me away to a place of never never land, where i'd die for the sushi. You're the best.. Hiro.. Congrats on making the number one sushi spot in Gainesville.. I support you and I wish you nothing but more success with each coming year.
Absolutely amazing. We had dinner reservations at nine and even though we were running late the Dragonfly host called us to verify that we were coming and that they were expecting us. The waitress was very helpful and friendly. Drinks and appetizers came out pretty quickly. I had the Krispy Krunch rolls and they were the mind blowing. I cannot describe in words the greatness of these rolls. Just know that there are 6 of them and they are huge and they will change your life. We need to open a Dragonfly in Miami asap.
Fun place. Great for groups, outdoor seating, great prices, friendly service. Try to sit  inside in the back, you'll see some great Japanese movies!
One of the best places in Gainesville for fresh, well done sushi. I'm a huge fan of their Dragon and Florida rolls, their unagi is always perfect. It's a nice place to go when you feel like dressing up and eating something different. I've gone here a lot with friends before, and it's a popular birthday dinner spot. It can be really busy on choice nights, but worth the wait for a lovely evening out.
This place is AMAZING! I'm from San Francisco and upon walking in, I felt at home. There was sexy electronic music in the background and they even were playing one of my favorite groups, The Gotan Project. Then there is the food... WOW. It's so fresh, visually stunning and the flavor is top notch. Considering the quality you are getting this is a great deal. They had Wagyu beef (Kobe beef), Escolar (delicious fish). They serve sashimi on this giant platter on a bed of crushed ice. It was absolutly beautiful. The drink menu was equally imaginative and impressive. I had a cucumber martini. While savory, it had a hint of sweeteness. Delicious! The have Sapporo Reserve in a bottle, which is hard to come by.  I also liked the fact that they had deals on drinks for the students who want a deal... ie: buy 3 shots and the 4th is free. The staff was very frinedly and I really appreciated the atmosphere of this restaurant. You see a lot of college students and young professionals enjoying a highend meal. I wish these guys were closer to home. Definately check this place out. They really have it going on!!!!
Parking can be tough but they have valet. You can go with a group of people and get a few things to sample and the price is not bad at all. Try to avoid Friday and Sat. prime time you will have a wait. Everytime I go I get the spicy tuna salad and it makes my taste buds dance. The roll I get is the Fire me up wasabi roll. Its great. Edamame is good. I haven't tried anything bad.
We had an outstanding experience tonight at Dragonfly. We enjoyed everything that we ordered, from the dumplings to the spring rolls, the mango tango roll and crunch roll, black cod, tempura chicken, beef spear, and tempura desserts. Great service made it a great night.
Amazing sushi, I am really in love with the namesake Dragonfly Roll. Its a baked roll which is never one of my go-tos but this one is. Its so full of flavor. The rest of the sushi is great also, and it is a bit on the pricey side but worth it!
Some of the best sushi I have ever eaten. I found this place completely by mistake by watching Ryan Lochte's show. The Dragonfly and Big Boss rolls are worth going out of your way to try.  The first three times I was here I didn't try anything else because those rolls were so good. This last trip I was with multiple people and finally tried something new and had the Salmon skin, Bahama mama, and kamacrazy rolls. I will eat all 3 again.
On Sunday night I decided that I wanted to treat myself to some sushi, so I drove all the way out to downtown Gainesville and visited Dragonfly. I came in with fairly high expectations and I must say they were met well. The interior is very modern and "trendy"; it seemed more like an upscale big city restaurant rather than a typical sushi place. I got a seat at the sushi bar and I'm glad I did! The waiter was very kind and attentive, and the sushi chef who was working in front of me was nice and talked to me a bit whenever he wasn't to busy. My sushi didn't come out all at once and they were given to me as soon as they were made, which I liked (the fresher the better!) I didn't get anything too extravagant, just a gator roll and a few pieces of nigeri. The roll was VERY good, the nigeri I got was awesome as well and I could tell that it was very fresh. Definitely among the best sushi I've had, not THE best but definitely high on my list. The highlight of my evening was the azuki ice cream I ordered for dessert. What a sweet and perfect finish for such a great meal! I recommend getting some if you have room for dessert. Overall great experience, I'll definitely be back again.
***I reserve 5 star for out of the ordinary exceptional eateries.*** Dragonfly is sexy and they know it! Beautiful decor, delivery and ambiance. I started with sauteed edemame and they delivered it with a beautiful touch. A flurry of Bonita flakes danced on the beans as if they were trying to escape the party in my tummy. The sushi was very fresh and delicious.  I can't really say I dove to deep into the world of true sushi as I was a little under the weather from sitting in the Swamp all afternoon. I only had a Veggie Roll and California Roll, so to give them a fair shake I will follow this up with another review when I go back and try some of my sushi favorites. Laurie my wife enjoyed the Tempura Roll and the Tampa Roll she says, and the fresh factor was there in whole. We met a very nice sushi chef by the name of Then and chatted about his up-and-coming move to Socal and what some of our experiences we had while living there. If you can get there before the end of the month you may have one of your chances to enjoy his work before he goes on to do big things in Socal. Nobu is calling! On a final note for now I am very pleased to see the relatively low prices for the menu offerings. Kudos Dragonfly brass for setting a great price structure.
Amazing place in Flatland Florida.  Get the summer rolls!
Fairly good sushi, service and atmosphere at a reasonable price.   Their catering services have also done an impressive job at a few functions I've been to. Worth dropping in...
Love this place ! In a few words to make this helpful. Amazing place, beautiful people, great food, great drinks and right in downtown. It doesn't get any better than this. Very trendy, always packed, I hope there were more places like this in town. Definitely a must
Yea, this place is about as trendy as it gets in Gainesvegas, which is probably why there are so many birthday parties here. It has a cool upscale-ish Asian vibe going with the the decor and old school Japanese (?) movies playing on the screens. I have always found the food to be quite good here; it's like Asian-fusion/sushi cuisine.  I don't eat sushi, so I've never had that, but the rest of their items are served in appetizer-sized portions, so it usually works out pretty well when everyone orders 2 or 3 dishes to share.  Dragonfly Rolls (cooked fish) and Steak Skewers are my favorite, but I've enjoyed trying just about every dish. The service is also usually good.  The servers seem like they want you to have a good time (so you'll spend more money), and once we even had a round of sake bombs comped. Good way to win my fancy. The only things that keep me from coming back all the time are the price and popularity.  A good, satisfying meal and drinks can run you up to $40 here and there is ALWAYS a wait to get in at dinner--reservations are a must.
I've lived in town for 10 years (scary!), and hopped on Yelp this AM to see if any great new restaraunts had popped up that I should try out. Saw the overall Dragonfly rating and thought I should add my own $0.02 from my experiences with them. Overall, I love Dragonfly. It does some things fantastically, others aspects are a little annoying. But overall, if you head out in the right mindset, it's worth the trip: Pro's: - Fun, complex "sushi". I put sushi in quotes, because many of my fav's are actually cooked - fire me up wasabi, dragonfly roll. This isn't sushi for a sushi purist... it's a fun take on traditional sushi. (Sure, you can order some nigiri or whatever, but you can do that at Ichiban just as well. Go for the "complex" here). - Nice drink menu - Good location Con's: - Can get very loud and busy at peak times - During peak times can often be crowded in seating area, making navigating to the restroom tricky - More expensive than other sushi places in town, by 10 or 20% (though worth it IMO) Overall: one of my favorite restaraunts in Gainesville, though I admittedly try to avoid going when it's going to be crowded and annoying. Ie, Saturday nights, graduation, game weekends, etc. Favorite items, which you should try for sure: - Dragonfly with salmon wrap - Fire me up wasabi - Union Street - Volcano roll - wonton appetizer... then keep any extra sauce for dipping roll pieces into!
Best sushi in Gainesville. They will custom make a roll if you ask. My favorite roll is no longer on menu but they make it every time I ask. If you sit at the sushi bar the chefs will give you samples of some of the rolls they are making. Doesn't get 5 stars due to some shortcomings in other dishes such as the udon. But all in all a great experience and worth the visit.
Alright, I have to delete a star because Dragonfly is making some serious menu changes that I don't like.  Although they did change their whole food menu, it still has all of my favorite things and I have no problem with that. The problem is the cocktails. Dragonfly used to have some of the tastiest and most creative cocktails in town, now they are sub-par.  The lychee martini, the basil martini, what happened here! And now my third favorite drink, the sumo smash, "no longer comes with crystalized ginger". As someone who chooses restaurants partially based on whether they have a liquor license, these changes make a difference in my dining experience.  They still have great food and a full bar to choose from but WHY DID YOU TAKE AWAY THE BEST DRINKS?!
Food is 4 stars if not 4.5 stars.  Service once seated is 3.5 stars.  Service by the hostess crew is 0 stars. Called ahead and was told to arrive 45 mins later.  Once we arrived 45 mins later we waited an additional 45 minutes. If a restaurant is going to take call aheads, reservations, open-table, and walkups they had better be able to handle it. If not they should just stick to first come first serve. I would have rather been told an hour and a half over the phone then waste my Friday night watching the hostess seat everyone but us.
let me preface this review by disclosing that i went after 10 PM, just in time for their happy hour menu (which apparently isn't always in effect?) kicked in. this made the cocktails totally worth it, made us want to order a second helping of the rangoons, and made the second cocktail practically guilt-free. everything was scrumptious, the service was excellent, and waiting until later made us feel fancy and cosmopolitan. my boyfriend and i each had 2 cocktails, split an appetizer and 2 rolls, and had some amazing fried cheesecake-y like dessert and our total was around $60. we'll probably save it for date nights and special occasions because of the swanky** feel. can't wait for our next visit! **it's still gainesville, people. swanky is a relative term!
Great sushi, great atmosphere, and the service was outstanding. My daughter has a gluten allergy and they were very knowledgeable about what she could and could not eat.  They even had gluten free soy sauce.
I'm sorry, but I just don't see what all the fuss is about.  I tried Dragonfly cause of all the great reviews.  WRONG.  I went with the bf and we ordered multiple things since it was a "tapas like" menu to share.  The quality of the sushi was just average, and tasted the cooked food tasted bland.  Nothing was good, and since we were starving we just ate it.  But even with dishes we got, we were STILL hungry.  After getting the $60 check and not being full, we walked away upset. This place was horrible.  I can see why people would go for the atmosphere and drinks, but I don't see why anyone would eat here.
Best sushi in Gainesville, but it's probably the most expensive, too. Some people call it overpriced but I think it's reasonable for what you get: the quality of the ingredients is superb--noticeably a cut above the other sushi restaurants in town. A great place to go for special occasions.
Overrated and overpriced. The portions are way too small on the specials we got. We got the seafood hot pot which come with various shellfish but they were closed and did not open up! Not a very good sign of freshness or attention to detail. The scallop carpaccio was good but for $10 I got an equivalent of one scallop. It said it was seared but doesn't seem like it saw any heat. The namesake roll was disappointing. It was hard to distinguish the supposed tuna, yellowtail, grouper, and scallions in it when the whole thing is baked and covered in eel sauce and spicy mayo. It was just a mushy fish taste when you chew it. The sushi is just okay but it's not much better than their sister restaurant rolls and bowls (which has much cheaper prices). I will admit this is probably the best sushi you can get in Gainesville but that's not saying much. Gainesville is a terrible town for good sushi IMHO. The atmosphere and feel of the restaurant is great and it's a nice date place. The only complaint I have is the waitresses are not very well dressed. I saw one of our waitresses with a sleeveless top which Is not very professional. Overall, it's a decent restaurant. The food is nothing new or spectecular but it is mostly good. Both times I have eaten there I have felt the food was  not worth what I paid. It's not necessairly the portion size but the quality. I'd be much happier if the quality of food was higher for the prices they charge.
Came here late on a Saturday night after a show at the Hippodrome.  Dragonfly is a pretty sleek and trendy restaurant in downtown Gainesville.  We had no reservations and were seated immediately, even though the place was pretty busy.  We ordered the Dragonfly, Mango Tango, and Union Street Station rolls.  Everything was fresh and delicious and I left impressed with the quality of the sushi.  Interior of restaurant was very chic and stylish, candle-lit with good ambiance, and service was excellent.
The best part of Dragonfly is the Kurosawa movies they play on loop all night. The worst part of Dragonfly is the food. Unfortunately, Dragonfly is a restaurant, and I can watch Kurosawa movies at home.
Hip, trendy, upscale, casual. If Gainesville has socialites, they probably eat here. "The Bomb" roll is awesome. Seaweed salad was standard.
dragonfly is my absolute favorite restaurant (with chopstix being a close 2nd), which is a terrible thing considering the fact that i graduated from UF in may and now live 4 hrs away! great ambiance (perfect for birthdays), semi-expensive prices, but quite possibly the best sushi i've had in my entire life. everything is always super fresh and super delicious. definitely gets busy at night, but fully worth the wait! my favorite order: edamame, 1 california roll, 1 JB roll, a side of eel sauce, and of course the tempura cheesecake (to share) for dessert. yummm!
I have only eaten here once. It was OK but not any better than the less expensive, less trendy looking sushi place in town. The fish did not seem super fresh (though not at all old). I ordered some sashimi and few rolls as well as some soup and an appetizer from the non-sushi menu. I got the sweet shrimp and was very disappointed in it preparation. The hot food was good but over all I think there were too many tempura fried and jazzed up rolls on the menu and less authentic dishes. These kinds of things on a menu makes me feel like the restaurant is using gimmicks to make diners think its good quality when really it is just run of the mill.
disappointing. but what did i expect from downtown gainesville? you're talking to a home grown island girl surrounded by a melting pot of ethnic variety. trust me, i know good japanese food/sushi! maybe the chefs here need to take a vacation to hawaii to learn how to make even the simplest of sushi rolls. first off, its one thing to be adventurous on your dishes...but do not put fruit on sushi rolls!!! strawberries on eels? hmmm....i kid you not islanders! this place is obsessed with cream cheese. virtually every roll we ordered had cream cheese in it. i give props to some of the names of the rolls such as "shiso pretty" (tuna tartare w/ spicy sauce and scallions in shiso leaves and fried)...but no....it really wasn't that pretty and not nearly as appetizing as it sounds. i also didn't care for their dessert. i thought the green tea tiramisu was worth trying it out but it really just tasted like cpk's tiramisu sub green tea cake. nothing special. atmosphere was really nice though. hip/young place. lots of students. i like the open bar. nice view of the good-looking chefs. :)
Let me begin by saying that those looking for a good way to start off a night on the town will not be disappointed to begin at Dragonfly Sushi.  There are few places downtown that are as trendy, few restaurants with as much personality and atmosphere as Dragonfly. Having said that, those looking for outstanding sushi should look elsewhere.  There is certainly nothing wrong with the sushi, but there is definitely better quality sushi to be found in Gainesville.  Props to the large variety of available sushi, and the lengths they've gone to create interesting varieties.  However I've definitely had hit or miss nights with regards to the freshness of the ingredients.   Service has always been good; and this place can get packed on a Friday or Saturday night.  If you make the mistake of not making a reservation on those evenings, be prepared to find a way to kill an hour or more or go somewhere else.  The consistent popularity itself should say a lot about how well liked this place is, regardless of the reviews here. A few recommendations: the wontons are thin-shelled and delicious; Dragonfly often looks for ways to incorporate seasonal themes into their wontons and their dipping-sauce flavors.  Dessert-wise the fried cheesecake is made even more amazing with a generous garnish of fruit and fruit-glaze. In summary, the ambiance gets a 5 stars; the food a 3.
This used to be my favorite sushi restaurant in 2003, but a lot can change in nearly a decade... I recently visited Dragonfly, and was pretty disappointed by how far they have fallen.  They used to be a trendy, friendly place that served fresh sushi.  Sadly it was none of those things.  The service was cold just like the uber drafty window seat.  These things don't even matter if the food is good, but the food was sad.  We ordered about a dozen things from the menu & only 2 things were good. The "8 second roll" a sushi roll with marinated NY strip steak was very unorthodox, yet delicious.  The "Shiso Pretty" was exceptional & reminded me of the old Dragonfly.  The two common denominators to the good dishes were the fact that they were cooked & sauced!  The raw fish in the rolls/appetizers did not taste fresh.  The rolls were sloppily put together.  I have an exceptional memory for food, and this was not the case pre-2008.  There was a general sense of sloppiness to how everything was handled, and it must come from the top down.     I give Dragonfly 3 stars, but only for sentiment's sake. I truly hope that they stop taking advantage of the fact that there really is no competition in the area, and bring back quality sushi to Gainesville.
Pretty sure Megan, our server, was tripping face when I went with my family for my sisters graduation party. Among many wrong things she did, she didn't write down my order and had to re-tell her, once everyone elses dinner arrived. So I had wait 15 minutes while everyone eat. The food was excellent, which is why my sister choose it in the 1st place. We just had a bad server that night. (She also completely messed up our bill which resulted in a few things being free and getting a gift card to return.) Obviously a college date place and the bar can get noisy.
Excellent food, but definitely overpriced.  No way to get out of here without spending about $15-$20 and feel full.  On the plus side their sushi rolls are some of the best in Gainesville.  The crab wontons have an excellent balance of crab and cream cheese and get dipped in an awesome mango sauce before you toss it in your mouth and cry a single tear of joy.  This is also an excellent night spot before hitting the town to grab a quick bite and a couple of drinks.
What a great surprise this cool place turned out to be. I had not been in Gainesville in a long time and wasn't sure what to expect in terms of restaurants. The entire downtown area has come alive with nightclubs, restaurants, theatres and shops. And Dragonfly could well be the crown jewel. The food was exceptional, especially the Escolar (white tuna) and the Mango Tango. My wife loved the Green Tea Tiramisu. All the ingredients were fresh, expertly prepared and served rather quickly. Our waiter, Ryan, was pleasant and very courteous. The first Stoli Martini I got was a little watery, but the second one was perfect. The place was full of people at 10:30 pm on a Friday night. Lots of beautiful young people. The prices were very reasonable compared to Miami and especially New York (where sushi has become exhorbitant.) I will definitely come back next time I am in town. I didn't give them 5 stars because I only tried a few things on the menu, but I'm sure they will earn it on my next visit.
Sushi is OK.  Atmosphere is great!  It is not a cheap eat place and the portions are small, but they do stay busy!
Great concept (menu, atmosphere) but poor management and product. Fortunately for the owners, the place is overflowing with business despite the major flaws. It is the kind of place that many would call a "must try" but could easily disappoint. The super-trendy large downtown mecca has an open kitchen (probably a bad idea given how loud the chefs are, how sloppy they prep food. Although there is a modern flare with Kurosawa films shown on loop in one corner of the restaurant. Inventive cuisine deficient in its execution. For example, sushi topped with avocado had the avocado presliced quite thin for efficiency of sushi-prep (the place is run a bit like assembly line with multiple sushi chefs often responsible for different roles in making a single maki (one spreads rice over nori and seasons it, the second cuts fish, and one of the two rolls it up and cuts it; the fish is then placed on a counter in back where a third person plates the dish and adds the ginger. One of the sushi chefs was somewhat sloppy and it kind of looked like what I would look like after working there for a month--the sushi would look moderately odd like a poorly wrapped present, but if people saw what I did to make it, they'd be surprised it even looked like sushi and might even feel bad for me. To be fair, the sushi chefs work incredibly hard and appear much too undermanned to put out a delicate product. The non-sushi food was pretty decent. One dish was somehting like a sushi pizza. Grilled flatbread cut into wedges were brushed with honey or eel sauce raw tuna topped with sliced hot peppers, sliced fresh tomatoes, raw onions, shreaded shiso and then designed lines of wasabi mayo. It was pretty good, although the hot peppers, wasabi mayo and raw onions overpowered the delicate fish. Leeks would have been better than raw onions, but the concept was worthy of further development.  Tuna summer rolls had a rice-based wrap around soba noodles, lettuce, and sliced seared tuna--unlike the tuna on flatbread, here the tuna was very much diluted by lettuce and noodles and was hard to taste, but then the wraps came soaking in a very hot sweet/sour sauce which overwhelmed the whole thing. The tuna was very nicely grilled and could have been great wrapped just a touch of soba noodles and lettuce and no hot sauce--or minimal on the side). I would agree that the green-tea crem brulee was quite nice, although it was served in a tall and narrow mug, such that there was minimal brulee, making it more of a custard (still good) after the first 3 bites. The waitress was pleasant but not knowledgeable. They explained simple things to me as if I were naive (which is fine) but then couldn't answer further questions.  She said something awkward but fairly forgiveable--when asked for arecommendation, she pointed to something on the menu and said, "that's really nice one to share, but you're here alone...[silence]."  Kind of a rookie comment. Overall, I'd love to meet the person who dreamed up the menu and the layout. I'm certain he/she is quite interesting, has a good knack for food, but spends little time at the actual site. Feels like someone who has had success elsewhere and is starting to open up more and more restaurants which appear sophisticated and efficient but wind up sloppy due to poor oversight.
My husband and I always drive across town for sushi, and last night we decided we should give dragonfly a go, since it is right by our house. When we arrived to pick up our order they were just finishing making it, perfect timing! Maybe I am just spoiled by my favorite sushi place in town, but my sushi looked and tasted like it had been sitting around. The avocados were more like a paste rather than slices. Much like publix, it was good for a quick sushi fix, but definitely not great.
This faux-fancy place is very overrated.  The service is pretty bad.  The food is not very good.  The place looks nice from the outside but is sort of cramped and smelly on the inside.
Hit Dragonfly before catching a concert at the Florida Theatre. Sushi was very good, soy was a bit too salty for our tastes.  Service was very good and pretty to boot. Our only grove would be that they didn't have tuna. How does a sushi restaurant not have tuna??  We would definitely go again.
I love this place!!  To me its the best sushi I have ever had.  It actually got top 10 in the nation, which is pretty crazy considering all the sushi joints in the USA.  I used to visit my man up there and he actually got a little suspicous because it was like Dragon Fly was the reason for my visiting him.  Dragon Fly roll is the best MUST TRY!!  Can't wait to go back.
Outsdanding!! Some of the best sushi and specialty plates I have had anywhere, including NYC. I started with the braised short ribs, amazing!! The best short ribs I have had, very tasty with a smear of Sriracha Hot sauce....perfect. The sushi, although uber expensive ($2.50) a piece (although I think I got several skinny bits instead of one thick piece) was also very high quality. Service was fantastic. So happy to find a restaurant like this in Gainesville, I will definately come back on my future visits.
AMAZING!!! Their Dragonfly Roll is unlike anything I have ever eaten before!! Must be seen (eaten?) to be believed!!!
In a word... FANTASTIC!!! The Dragonfly roll was good but "the Bomb" roll was awesome. The wontons are killer.
We've ate sushi in a lot of places around the country and around the world. This is great food and is better than the vast majority of sushi we have ate anywhere else. it is probably my wife's favorite resaurant in GNV. we almost always buy their $100 christmas gift card which gets an additional $20 card. Worth it. the tempura deserts are awesome. down side is it is ridiculously busy. i will not go there on a weekend and most weeknights are too busy too.
The reviews before mine are pretty accurate in my opinion.  The food is good, the atmosphere is dimly lit, with the buzz of conversation. Its usually the ideal place to go for an occasion, or if you just got your paycheck, because regular visits here will put a significant dent in your wallet.  The food presentation is good and I laughed when I saw Joe C.'s comment about the crab wontons because it is sooooooo accurate.  They are small, but VERY delicious. Don't forget to try the fried ice cream (an exceptional treat for those who have never tried it before)!  Very tasty as well.
Found this spot via Yelp on my way home from the Super Bowl. The menu wasn't very clear and the server didn't offer explanations. It took me a minute to realize that the definition of Izakaya on top of the menu was a mission statement, not a declaration of how every dish was served. Our server mentioned that everything was "meant to be shared" (well, isn't most sushi??) but didn't tie in the menu terms to that statement. The Tako Carpaccio was excellent as well as the king crab roll.  We didn't try many other rolls due to the inclusion of krab and/or cream cheese. All in all, the fish was very fresh and the sushi was cut well. 95% of rolls have krab and/or cream cheese which is a little annoying, so be aware. Sushi *AND* Sashimi include ONE piece. Pass on the fried ice cream, it was awful.
I went here last week and enjoyed their 4 for $20 special. We chose one hot plate, two rolls and a dessert. The special only runs Sun- Wed. I ordered the sake blossom cocktail which was really complex and tasty. It has been the best cocktail I've had this summer while dining out. The wontons were amazing as they always are. The rolls were also delicious, but they were not presented the same way, but I assume it was due to the special deal.  The fried cheesecake was also amazing.
This is a very trendy resturant, when I am here I almost feel that I am in a themed resturant in Las Vegas.  I had tempura dishes as I am not a sushi fan.  My dining companion loves the sushi here so I do not think I had what they excell in.  Their wontons are excellant and my favorite item on their menu.  I like their sake selection too.  If you are a sushi fan this is definitely worth a try.
For Gainesville this place is great! I love their veggie dumplings. Their tofu bowl could be better but this is a sushi place so I can't really complain. My fiance loves their sushi rolls and other various things on the menu. But the place can be a little hit or miss, some nights it will be pretty good and other nights, not so much...But beggars can't be choosers!!
I've visited friends in Gainesville several times in the 4 years I was in college and Dragonfly is the best restaurant I've been to there. I've been two or three times and each time it's been great. Not only are the food and drinks good, but the atmosphere is very nice without being pretentious.
Service and atmosphere are great.  I had the ebi and sake nigiri.  Both were excellent.  I normally get the regular edamame, but passed on it this time.  I do not like the sautéed edamame.   My go to roll is the kamacrazy.  Love it.  Tried the cobra Kai this time.  Not my favorite.  Overall dragonfly is a great choice.  It's my favorite spot in downtown Gainesville.
So good!
We stop here every time we're in G'ville.  It's a *must* on our trip.  I don't know that I can add much that hasn't already been said.  I just love it.
Delicious sushi in the most modern feeling restaurant in Gainesville. You pay a price for all that style. Expensive taste abounds.
The sushi is among the best I've tasted anywhere, including Japan. I had to knock off a star for service. The service is not very good. The inside of the restaurant looks very nice but the seating is not all that comfortable. Its all about aesthetics I guess. Try the Dragonfly roll. It's no accident that it's named for the restaurant.
one of the best meals i've had in a long time. my family went to dragonfly while in g'ville for a family wedding.  neither of my parents eat sushi and we all agreed that the meal was incredible. standout dishes were the yellow tail jaw, black cod (best fish dish i've ever had) and the green tea creme brulee. this is clearly a see-and-be-seen venue; for a 7pm dinner i saw half a dozen girls in sequined mini dresses. and yes, it's pricey but you get what you pay for. i've seen higher prices attached to lesser dishes. as for the staff, we had the most attentive, charismatic waiter i've ever had. his recommendations were spot on and his memory was incredible.
Traveling and Inn Keeper recommended Dragon Fly as the top restaurant in downtown Gainesville Fl. Yelpers gave it a 4 in general so we decided to try it. Well decorated and upfit. Urban upscale interior like a Starbucks. Comfortable. Booths and tables. Large screen TV on one side. On street downtown parking near the University of Fl.  Typical open  suschi bar but no bar seating. Service was excellent.  Happy hour but beware drinks and wine pricey. Wine $9 per glass $6 for happy hour. I had the single scallop that was outstanding. Chefs platter of Tuna, Yellowtail and Salmon good. Hot wasaubi rolls very good. There is an alecarte menu and a dinner menu. There are nightly specials also. A very good selection of non seafood items also. Overall I gave it a 3 star but could understand the 4 star ratings by others. If you are a big sushi fan most likely a 4 and worth choosing.
Yummy!  Good sushi fun atmosphere.  Yes, there are like 5 sorority girl birthdays going on any given weekend night.  We waited for about an hour, but since they take your cell, we were able to have a drink down the street while we waited for the call.  Sushi was excellent. We had the chef's choice boat.  (went back and did it again 2 nights later). Slightly pricey but good over all. I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
Expensive, but tasty. The wontons are awesome. Their mixed drinks are very good. Their sushi rolls are HUGE, just to warn you. Like, you can't fit just one piece into your mouth. I'd recommend it, just not on a daily basis. Unless you're super rich.
It's all about being seen at Dragonfly.  Why else would I wait an hour for a table watching sorority girls preen for the passerbys?  The place is pretty chic in a juvenile way.  The service was excellent I must say, the food was average though.  I like Ichiban better, but it's not nearly as cool.  I don't think it's that expensive.  If it was cheap it wouldn't be as cool to go there - or to be seen.
Great sushi & great atmosphere
Great sushi! Fantastic. Drangonfly roll is a must try. Crab Rangoons are delicious. Highly recommended. Great American sushi, but you can find Japanese style as well.
One of the best places to eat sushi in Gainesville. Yes it is trendy but that only adds to its charm. Always excellent service, nice drinks, and awesome food.
Get the dragonfly roll, Godzilla roll, and if you like meat get 8 second roll and put it that spicy orange looking sauce.
Amazing(understatement). Definitely get the lava roll with maybe some extra eel sauce. Surf & turf is also really good, especially if you like bacon. Spider roll never fails. If you're a fan of sushi, you should definitely come here.
i've been wanting to try Dragonfly ever since I moved to gvl. The downtown area is not my scene at all and that was confirmed after picking up my to-go order. It was so obnoxiously loud and busy (yes, it was a Friday night) that I didn't even want to wait inside for my food. My girlfriend called to place the order and it took a total of 5 tries to get someone on the phone. The first time, they picked up and we listened to the hostesses having a conversation for 3 minutes then they hung up. The next 3 times, they picked up the phone and hung it up. By this time, my woman wanted to throw the phone across the room but I asked her to try one more time. If I hadn't been given a gift card, I never would have gotten food that night. So let's just say the service sucks. As for the food, it was pretty good. We got pork belly steamed buns that rocked my world. I don't think you can get them anywhere around here (can you?) but I have had them in NYC so I was really excited when I saw them online. I can't speak for the in-house menu but they are not listed on any of the menus online - just the Happy Hour menu. So you have to ask for them - and you SHOULD! They are great. The downside is you only get two and they are $10!! (which I didn't realize, since they are $6 on the Happy Hour menu) The fried pork dumplings were really good as well, it's hard to mess up dumplings. I'm going to guess they are frozen. The fried wontons were my second favorite thing, the sweet sauce (peach?) was an interesting and tasty pair up. My girlfriend got white tuna sashimi and I guess they didn't ask her what she specifically wanted. She ordered the $14 item but got a side order that was only $3. She was disappointed but it turned out to not make a difference since we had so much food. We ordered 2 rolls - the grilled chicken roll and the surf n turf. Neither of these we would order again. The chicken one lacked flavor, which was my fault since I thought it was panko. Even though it says grilled. I was delirious with hunger when we ordered. The surf n turf, I have a few issues with. They don't take the tails off for ~presentation~, the beef tataki I have never had before and after one bite, we picked it all off, and the bacon was maybe overcooked because it hurt to chew the rolls. Minus the beef, the surf n turf had a decent flavor but not enough to get it again. I still want to go back to try other rolls because the menu was impressive. But we are lucky we ordered so much other food. Had we gone that night and just ordered rolls, I would be very hesitant to go back. All of my complaining aside, I will go back to use the rest of my gift card... but I will never spend my own money there.
I really want to give this place 4.5 stars...but, 4 will have to do. I can't say enough good words about this place. The Surf 'n Turf Roll was melt in your mouth delicious. I have never had bacon in sushi before and was in awe of how well it paired with the other ingredients. We also sampled the Black 'n Bleu (delicious and spicy), the Fire Me Up Wasabi (good, but not phenomenal), the pork steamed buns (yum!yum!yum!), the Big Boss (tasty), shiitake hosomaki (I'm obsessed with shiitake mushrooms, so I'm biased, but I could eat this things 3 meals a day), the seafood clay pot with dashi broth(MUST TRY), and the beef lettuce wraps (superb). I plan on brining my family here when they come and visit. The atmosphere is wonderful, even when the place is packed, and the price isn't horrible, but it is on the high side. Definitely a MUST TRY for sushi in Gainesville.
Nice place! It was my birthday and they gave me a fried ice cream for free. And most important, my date likes it!
Reaaly good sushi, full bar, upscale dining and dress.
One of Gainesville's best places. The food is always outstanding, a couple of the specialty drinks are incredible and I've never had less-than-stellar service.
Whenever my parents are in town, I have them take me here. The "Bomb" roll is truly the bomb. There is a great atmosphere and it's fresh. You can't go wrong if you want some good sushi in Gainesville!
Money for my one night in Gainesville.  Sat at the bar and got the Big Boss roll and some nigiri.  Washed it down with 2 beers.  One local draft and second a Saporo.  Pretty solid sushi, atmosphere, and drinks gets a two thumbs up.  Recommendation well received.
The service is hit or miss, but the food is consistently good. I highly recommend the wontons, the Dragonfly roll, and the Fresh Garden roll (I like to substitute tuna for the tofu). The Japanese Curry dish lunch special is also delicious and a good deal. Love the Chili-Orange Caipirinha to drink with dinner.
Great sushi place- multiple visits in october and january
Wow, insanely good sushi.  The wait staff is friendly.  So I agree its a hassle to wait to be seated and takes a while to get your food but it is fine dining and it is the best dang sushi you will ever eat.  These guys rock.  I love the Japanese flicks they play while you are grubbing down.
The sushi there is very special, and fresh.If you are a sushi fan, worth trying it.  A little bit expensive, espacially at night. I like the snake roll best. I always go there for lunch only, less people, and less money....
Great sushi but there is usually a long wait to get a table.
I'm from a town that is built around eating and drinking well (San Francisco) but I was so impressed with the local Dragonfly when we were in Gainesville I wanted to take the time to complement them!   We stopped in for a quick bite and ended up eating most of the menu.   Dumplings, spring rolls, summer rolls, sashimi, nigiri and sushi rolls were all delicious.   And paired well with the Glass Columbia Riesling.   How do you get such good fish in such a small inland town??   And the staff was quite knowledgeable for being comprised of college students who hadn't even heard of toro or fresh wasabi.
