If you are here in the summer time its great and amazing to walk around and check out various different shops but don't expect much in the winter as it could fell like haunted at some times. I have seen both extremes as I used to live close by. There is lots to do if you are willing to spend a little or else you can take a walk down and up to see different decor of building they have designed for the rides they intake. Food wise there are plenty of choices and there are restaurants from every culture and you can also find big chains. You will also be surrounded by a lot of hotel. But hey! I have been to the American Falls across the boarder and there is way more to do here.
It's like a mini Las Vegas strip here in Niagara Falls. Clifton Hill here in the Canadian side of Niagara Falls is about 2 blocks of Las Vegas strip style entertainment district for individuals, families, and others to entertain themselves after seeing the majestic Niagara Falls during the day or night. It's literally on a hilly road called Clifton Hill that starts on Victoria Avenue and ends on Fallsview Boulevard. A few of the shops and businesses sort of borderline on the weird, including the Guiness World Records museum and a couple of haunted houses. Wonder how much sales do they get? Clifton Hill, like most entertainment districts, has something for everyone. Well, almost everyone. This place is an acquired taste, that's for sure. The hill itself is steep when you walk up towards Victoria Avenue, but doable when you need to get up there. There is also a Ferris wheel, which is common in these kinds of amusement park atmosphere places. The ambiance was that of being Las Vegas in a way, with the lights, but only for 2 blocks. There was really nothing to do here in Clifton Hill, unless buying souvenirs or finding a bite to eat. Thankful that there are places not in Clifton Hill that are better than the offerings here.  Parking here is very limited here, so best bet would be to find parking on street parking on residential areas nearby. There's always parking on Fallsview Boulevard as well, but be prepared to walk up the hill to enjoy Clifton Hill properly. Other points of interest would be that Guinness World Record museum, as mentioned before. Not glamorous, but it's something to do if you are bored. If you were planning on coming to this side of Niagara Falls and have nothing better to do with the kids, I have seen a few families wandering around the hill when I was there, so its something extra to do and see while in Niagara Falls, after you've seen her already. For me, I wanted to see what the deal was about this place. It's not much to say, other than that it's one of those places where you can easily avoid if you don't need time to kill, but worth the look if you are wondering what this place is about. Can't say I would recommend it, but if you are bored, go for it. Maybe you will like it more than I had. Support local! C
Clifton Hill is family-friendly and there are a ton of activities for children.  Unlike Wisconsin Dells, there is one thing missing:  bars.  So, as two adults, Clifton Hill didn't have much to offer.  I also would not call Clifton Hill a "district," it's more like the length of one or two city blocks. When on vacation, I always purchase refrigerator magnets.  Clifton Hill has many souvenir shops, and if you are looking for kitschy, cheap souvenirs, this is where you need to go. The one activity we did partake in was the Niagara Skywheel.  It looks really cool lit up at night, and the view is nice during the ride.  It's a lot more comfortable and sturdy than a Ferris Wheel. Even if I had children with me, I wouldn't be too interested in many of the attractions.  Ripley's and Tussaud's Wax Works seem like huge ripoffs; although, the dinosaur minigolf would be fun. Closer to the falls, there's a vantage point to see fireworks and the falls lit up, but at this point you're essentially exiting Clifton Hill. I wish that they could close off Clifton Hill like they do Bourbon Street in New Orleans or St. Catherine in Montreal, because there are so many families which means children running amok and strollers steamrolling through.   It becomes extremely frustrating when you find yourself ALWAYS being the one to move out of the way for someone else.  No matter the time of day, it was crowded and people acted like animals. You will probably want to take photos while you are here, and that's fine.  But please, for the love of God, move off to the side!  Nothing is more frustrating than someone stopping suddenly in the middle of the sidewalk to take a photo.
I can't find Clifton Hill Family Restaurant on Yelp, so I'm going to state here to not go to that place under any circumstances. They've basically turned cheap bar food into a sit-down place where everything is 2-3x more expensive. Like deep fried mac and cheese bites? $12. My local bowling alley sells those things for $4.50. The dinosaur mini-golf and Skywheel aside, much of this strip feels like it hasn't been updated or renovated in 20 years which, coincidentally, is how long ago I was last in Niagara.
Ummm... So at our hotel, we were asked, "Have you checked out Clifton Hill yet?" No, we had not. We were staying in a different area and only at the Falls for a couple of days. Still, we had already done the up-close-get-drenched tour of the Falls and were curious, so we wandered on over. What the heck, Niagara Falls. What is this street/town section? I felt like I was on a movie set, or in a carnival, or completely out of my mind delusional. The bright colors. The noises. Sensory overload. Wax figures. Rando-museums that I so did not spend money on. Arcades. Chain restaurants. Perhaps if I was 15 years younger, I would've loved it. But, alas, I was not. Eep. What I did love? Dippin Dots. Nothing like 'em. They also had ample seating for the old (re: lazy) people like me, which is good because there is an incline. Near the top of the district, you can find a hidden crepe place named Crepe Delicious. Now that's worth a stop. So good! ...But overall, this whole district perplexed me.
Does anyone know where I can find a coffee shop or a souvenir shop? How about some of the worst wax figures ever seen? Over priced fun houses? They are all here, in redundancy. From our hotel, just around the corner on Falls Ave to Clifton Hill and Victoria Ave, which is the main strip, we past three Starbucks and a Tim Hortons. More souvenir shops than you can shake a stick at, I was perplexed at how they can sustain so many in such a small area and make a living doing so. Haunted houses are a dime a dozen, fun houses galore and more coming. Once you get off this beaten path, it gets real depressing real quick, stick to the tourist trap. We got a free show of some drunken locals shouting at some police officers outside of Kelsey's and continued as they walked down the street something about the wedding, good times. Unfortunately for us they were headed the same direction as us, so we ducked into a few shops until they got far ahead of us. If I didn't have young kids I don't think I'd come here again.
So so much to do! Perfect for family's or just couples! Summer nights deff amazing here the crowd is awesome the restaurants and the Falls! Everything is so close by within a block or two! Most of the restaurants are open till 2am! They've always go live music!
I stayed at the other end of Niagara Falls when I visited.  Clifton Hill is about a 15 minute walk away and some locals told us not to walk later at night.  It's something to do in a pretty uneventful city.  We walked around and visited a bunch of stores for a couple of hours, I wouldn't recommend staying in this area unless you have children. I enjoyed my time in the newer section of Niagara better.
Sorry we were such an inconvenience and you were unable to sit 4 of us when 2 tables were clearly empty.
Ok, can you say Wisconsin Dells?  That's pretty much what this place is.  The usual rides, wax museums and Ripley's stuff. Get a package or pay big!  Also get an all day bus pass to get here from the hotels. They say don't walk here at night. Totally nice during the day. Given the choice, I would rather be here during the day anyway.
Family friendly fun down here on Clifton Hill.  I honestly can't believe how BIG and TOURISTY this place has become!  The last time I was in NF was probably 12 years ago. So much has changed, and EVERYONE and their brother is here.  I have never seen so many people (large families with children included) standing on street corners! Aside from that - if you can handle the crowds, definitely go check out the Dinosaur Adventure Miniature Golf.  Grab a coupon from a tourist brochure or print out online.  It'll save you a buck or two.  Apparently the Red course is more challenging, so that's what we did... The volcano is pretty cool.  I couldn't believe how HOT it was. It's definitely an experience!  The course itself was fun, and it included actual sand traps!  If you can get past the rude foreigners (oh wait I forgot I'm a foreigner too - but I don't think I'm quite as rude) who let their children tromp around so they can take a picture with every dinosaur statue, then you'll probably have fun.  It's best to go when the sun goes down.  You get a great view of the SkyWheel and the volcano seems more impressive!
This place is seriously amazing! I wish I could go there all the time!!! The food is amazing, the attractions are fun and entertaining, and its just amazing! I always hav a good time whenever I visit Clifton Hill!  It seems like there is something for everyone there! I'm always excited whenever I get to go there
Touristy but fun for kids.   Beware of the "Fun by the Falls" pass.  The vendors push them very hard and misrepresent how they can be used (must be at different venues).  When challenged the first response of the supervisor wasn't good customer service....she accused us of lying about what we had been told by the salesperson.  Definitely not a way to get satisfied customers!
"The Street of Fun"- that's what the website calls this place. =) This is Tourist Central for this area. This was only my 2nd time here, and unfortunately, since I happened to be visiting during the winter, half of everything was closed. We made do, though. There was little to no crowd at all, which was a big change from the overcrowdedness of last summer. I enjoyed the Ripley's 4D Theatre, wax museum, amusement park, etc.They have so many tacky "touristy" stores, many of them sell the exact same products- for example, that damned maple syrup is in every other store. Cheap shot glasses, hoodies, t-shirts and baby clothing with "I partied hard in Canada" or some other phrase written on there can be found in just about every souvenir shop. Lots of restaurants, shopping, and entertainment is here. There really is something for everybody here- just make sure you have the funds to do so! And since I'm a chocoholic, we absolutely had to go to the Fudge Factory, and the other countless sweets stores they had. Cool place. *bring your walking shoes*
I'm from Chicago and for me, this is just like Wisconsin Dells. It's kitsch on overload with a huge display of the lights like in Vegas. Louis Tussaud's Waxworks and Movieland Wax Museum (if you're picking between the two, go to Louis Tussaud's!) Ripley's Believe It Or Not. House of Frankenstein. Criminals Hall of Fame. Sugar Mountain. A giant ferris wheel - The Niagara Skywheel. Dinosaur Adventure Mini Golf and Galaxy Golf Mini Golf Canadian Midway full of arcade games. Bowling. Nightclubs. You can find the absolute cheapest souvenirs here - better than anywhere else in the Falls. Clifton Hills is full of restaurants, hotels and full of fun, cheesy things to do. Don't instantly discount it on your trip to Niagara! It can make for some fun activities.
Clifton Hill is a mixed review especially when I'm mixed about it myself.  Many many... many years ago as a visitor brought to Niagara Falls, I found this district to be so fun especially with some friends taking photos everywhere and it was a great summer experience that was very memorable from the Ripley's to Tower Ride to Guinness World Records Museum(Everyone took photos here). Fastforward, coming back for the umpteenth time it does lose the attraction and does get old on you but still bringing out-of-town friends to see this and see their photo-happy face light up makes this place A-OK.  Still has the power to provide good memories although avoiding all the cheesy Museums, Haunted Houses, Rainforest Cafes, Wendy's at all cost. I suggest bring young ones or first-time Niagara photo-happy friends here but if you bring others more adapted to this environment already, then just stay at the Casinos all night and eat buffets and watch shows there instead.
Clifton Hill though a little cheesy... a little bright... very touristy... but as long as the tourists enjoy their experience and spend their money here, then there is good for the economy and all the businesses. I remember the days before the Casino.. Clifton Hill is like a really run down version of a small town fairground...but now it comes more vibrant. Locals would not have come here on their own. If they want local experience, they might be eating in one of the wineries restaurants... or stay in one of the smaller Bed & Breakfast or go to some of the farmer markets in the Niagara Region.. Unless of course they have out of town guests... entertain them... and glad they are here to visit us!
Hill Come More Eh? I can't say enough about Clifton Hill!  If your not a Canadian, you need a passport to get here because its in Canadia.  There are lots of things to do here, although you have to walk up a hill to do them.  Its also so full of people!  And every smell you can imagine!  I like the haunted houses and wax musems, and you can get just about any kind of souvenir you want (I collect magnets with thermomneters on them!)  I spent about an hour watching them make waffle cones through a window--neat!  And Skeeball!  I miss the Houdini musem, tho...how'd they make that disappear?  By the way, did you know you can also see a natural wonder?  Walk over the bridge and put a leg in each country! PROS: Hundreds of fun things to do on one hill! CONS: Most of the restaurants are at the top.
You surely must be taking the Clifton Hill District waaaay too seriously.  Look, the deal is, and and given the makeup of the all the storefronts -- admittedly so, it's touristy.  It's as if, Las Vegas (there's only one casino which is nearby but not on this strip) and Universal Studios had a nice clean cousin.  Neon signs everywhere! Touristy which is anchored by all things touristy: wax museums, coffee shops, karaoke, hot dog shows, restaurants, knickknacks, maple creme cookies, Canadian flags, maple syrup, Niagara Falls snow globes, arcades for kids, a modern Ferris wheel (Skywheel) and a casino for adults nearby: all within the guise of the natural wonder of Niagara Falls.  There's even a Dave and Busters nearby the wonderful bridge of video and carnival type games for kids and booze for adults.  Free WiFi for all too. Clifton Hill a great place for people watching of people of all types from locals, average families to Hasidic Jews to Catholic Nuns to Hindus and Muslims and mostly American and Canadian kids (we are in Canada, if you didn't know) gallivanting in the local club, Rumors or was it Rumours? Spelling aside, what I'm trying to say is if you have time to kill, Clifton Hill is great for bar hopping and boozing.  At the top of the hill is all the bars and restaurants with all the bars that one could ask for.  The street at the top of the hill reminded me of the nightlife of the streets that run parallel to and are in the shadow and awe of the Las Vegas Strip. Top of the hill, I say? Clifton Hill is a street that's at a decent incline (the falls are near the bottom), so start hiking and bring good shoes.  You get a nice friendly workout walking up and down the hill.   Good times.  If you maintain a BAC about 0.04 consistently, that's a nice buzz.  Also, cabs are everywhere, so don't drink and drive.
I visit Niagara Falls a few times year and never is Clifton Hill an area I find myself looking forward to spending time in. It's overly crowded in the summer season and just a lonely and almost abandoned stretch of street in the winter months. It's got no charm and is a completely artificial environment that tries to be like Atlantic City, I would assume that for older teenagers this would be a great area for a night out at a club, to stumble out and find yourself torn between choosing Wendy's or Burger King. But for the (tourist) family that's made to walk through here my heart goes out to them, there's nothing great (forget healthy) to eat around here, and nothing you can munch on for a low cost (unless the Sheraton happens to have a good restaurant). It misses out on a one star rating because I do see the purpose that this area exisits, it's a great money grabbing spot and provides cheap thrills and I'm more than certain small kids would love it here. And for older people (aka people that are not small kids), this area can do to serve as a location for a cheesy yet fun day out together playing minigolf, getting lost in the maze before topping it all off in one of many haunted houses. There is a wax museum but judging from my friend's facebook albums it's nothing fancy, and the mini Ferris wheel which I would assume would give great views I hear is not cheap but can potentially be worth it. If it's your first time at the falls area and you know you won't be back for a while yes I would say you should walk around here because getting to the area would probably have taken you some travel time, and even if you spend over an hour staring at the falls you would probably would still want to have something else to pass your time before you head back. But if you know that you will be back in the area every now and again I would most definitely not recommend you check out Clifton Hills unless you have kids and want to spend money on them.
HUGE tourist trap!  But who doesn't love one while on vacation!  Been coming here since I was a lil kid and I still enjoy this place.  I think it's all the lights and carni stuff that gets my jolly's in a uproar. There is tons to do on the hill...walk through haunted houses, wax museums, walk through fun houses, indoor glow-in-the dark mini golf, places to eat, places to get wasted, amusement park gaming/video game centers and more! Plus they have several souvenir shops to bargain at for a good deal on more tchotchkes and tshirts than one household needs!  Still fun to look through it all.
I had to come to Niagara Falls on business. I walked around a little the first night I was here. Here is my impression of Clifton Hill... Imagine if Las Vegas and Times Square had a baby and that baby puked, the puke would be Clifton Hill. It's gaudy, full of toursit trap restaurants and bad chain restaurants (TGIFridays for example) and it's just awful. Maybe if you have kids or have never been to Las Vegas or Times Square, you would think this was rad, but I've been to Vegas and lived in NYC and this place is just trying too hard and failing miserably.
If clowns, carnies and old school gangsters from Las Vegas planned a section of a city, the strip of Clifton Hill would be it. Clifton Hill itself is a massive tourist trap with inflated prices and tacky attractions.  The things around it though are pretty beautiful including the Niagara Parkway, Niagara Falls and even the old casino.
Everybody and their deceased grandparents are here...if not @ the falls.
If you're going to Niagara, there is no way you can miss out on this. Clifton Hill is where it's all happening. The food, the entertainment, the museums, and the shopping are the best. There is so much to do and so much to see. I don't want to go into details because that would take me all day to write and take up so much space. Just know that this is the happening spot. No matter what you're in the mood for, you'll definitely find it here. Touristy!! A must see!!
Lets face it after spending the day taking pictures of the Falls, the only thing left to do is go Clifton Hills do some shopping for soveniers, go for the fortune wheel, play some mini golf, and eat. Remember, Niagara Falls is a 24 hours or less destination.
Take your wallet !!!   Everything is pricey but that is what entertainment costs I guess.   You will spend at least $10.00 per person to do anything.  We had the best time at Louise Tussoes Wax Museum, and Dave & Busters.   The mirror mazes were sort of lame.    Next time we are going to the indoor watermark.   Thats worth doing if you get the chance.   Check group on for coupons to get weekend packages.
Love this area! I had no idea what to expect while visiting niagara falls but this made it all worth while. Lots of fun exciting games, music, bars, food and tons of shiny lights. Entertainment packed mazes, haunted houses and much more that is actually fun being an adult Must see!
This place should be the scenes for many 80's movies!  It has tourist trap written all over it with Capital letters!  Although it is great for kids!  Just not my spice on a work trip!  To each their own!
I can maybe see the appeal if you got kids to check out this place. I thought it was a bit over-the-top when we went there. The whole place is geared towards tourists with wax sculptures, cheesy games, and overpriced shops. Parking here is also really expensive so I would suggest walking or taking a bus if you really got nothing else to do.
As everyone before more already wrote, this is tourist central. I went on the Skywheel and that was fun. Even though I already saw everything from the observation deck of the Skylon Tower it was still nice. Almost all of the places had annoying advertising annoucements to come inside. The Beavertail pastry place is a rip off. The video game arcades dispense tickets for prizes. The prizes are worthless junk so you really pretty much bought the junk for an insane price. The upside down house is a rip off. Brick City was fun. It is a little mini Legoland. I never been to full size Legoland so this was the next closest thing. The admission is a bit much for the small size though. The reason this gets 3 stars is because it is a nice addition to take a break from looking at waterfalls. The only other thing to do is to gamble and I am here to sightsee and be a tourist not be a gambler. So you come in with a tourist mentality and you can have some fun.
this is a major tourist trap where prices are 4 fold, however kids love it and it being close to the fall makes it even better. good place for taking family out for few hours.
