I have eaten yummy house in tampa and gainesville . The dumplings ,duck ,chowfun its not fresh.  its even worse in gville you can tell its pre cooked frozen food shiped from tampa. I will not be back. Its very sad what my own poeple try to serve to americans and to there poeple in america the best chinese chef in gainesville is american from Hong kong deli .
I've tried over 15 different dishes and all of them were exceptional.  Hands down the best ever!
I have only been once but it was basically just standard take out Chinese food in a fancier dining environment. This is probably why it is really over priced. It isn't that the food was that awful, but the roach in someone's fried rice made me truly regret eating anything in hindsight. I wish this place was what I was hoping, but it isn't and their hours and dim sum hours were annoying to begin with.
The best dim sum I've had in Gainesville is from Yummy House. They have a pretty good selection, and their carts actually keep the food warm. The steamed BBQ pork buns are great, and probably my favorite thing here. They have their pricing in tiers. Ranges from 2.95-4.95 for small, medium, large, and then they go up to 6 something if they are a chef special. Wait staff is okay. I ran out of water and drank my boyfriend's too before I got my water, but the food service was great. Overall a great experience. The earlier you go, the more selections you have.
Since the south garden stop offering dim sum, the newly opened yummy house becomes the only place in Gainesville, FL. Their dim sum are tasty & fresh-made, and authentic Cantonese style. The best one is the chicken feet. The thing I am not happy is the dim sum are often cold or lukewarm when they are served from the cart. They did not keep the dishes warm when on cart. Also, the variety of dim sum is very limited. Hope they can improve their service and menu in the future.
Was really good!!  Pleasantly surprised.  Also very clean and staff very professional.
Went back to Yummy House to try their dinner menu and was not disappointed. Flavors were on point and server was extremely attentive. Hard to find a sit-down Cantonese restaurant around these parts that actually get it right. For example, something relatively simple and common as wonton noodle soup. You'd be amazed how most restaurants here will serve you something tasting completely what it is not supposed to taste like. But no, Yummy House gets it done. Let's put it this way. It's not the BEST Chinese ever, but if I HAD to take my parents to a Chinese restaurant in Gainesville, it'd be here. Will be back to see if the dim sum improves. FYI I ordered the black bean baby clams, wonton noodle soup, scallion oil chicken, and spicy seafood tofu pot with black bean sauce. PS their chili oil hot sauce is spicier than normal.
If you want dim sum, be sure to get there as soon as they open. We got there around 1 and were told that they ran out of dim sum! What they had left was on the cart but it was cold. I don't think they anticipated this level of success or the deprivation of Gainesville for good dim sum! We also went for dinner and got the seafood tofu hot pot and it was delicious! It was a generous serving and more than enough for 2 people. This place has a lot of potential and I can't wait for them to ramp up their dim sum  service.
Quite authentic for Chinese Cantonese food ! Their dim sum is alright but probably the best in Gainesville already .
Yay! Finally! A Dim Sum place in Gainesville! Yummy House isn't the best dim sum I've ever had, but it definitely beats driving all the way to Orlando/Tampa to get your fix. The dim sum menu itself is decent. Plates ranging from $3-$4. I thought some things were hit and miss. Avoid the sweet chestnut cake and disappointing spare ribs. I'm glad their steamed BBQ pork buns are good! From the main menu, we tried the salt and pepper pork chop. Very tasty with lots of flavor. Don't let the beat up outside exterior fool you. Inside is nicely decorated and clean. Parking is kind of a hassle during the lunch rush hour. It looks like the restaurant was perviously a fast food establishment, so the parking lot isn't meant to hold a lot of cars.  I hope they can do something about that later on, if they get more popular! Service was fast and friendly. There was a minor mix up in our order, but the kitchen was very nice to send some extra surprise plates as an apology. They're still a work in progress, but I expect great things! I will definitely be back for more.
There is now a place for good ol' Guangdong cookin! The meals are gigantic for family style serving, so eat heartily alone or compel someone to go with you!  I had ox tail congee, beef chow fun, and egg tarts.  I will review again after I try their Dim Sum. The tables are long so you will be saddled next to strangers!
I have nothing but love for this place. So good. So legit. Go early if you don't want to wait very long.
I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant. All things I had read on its food led me there. I came away with mixed feelings, but will be back as I hope the deficiencies I witnessed were abberations. First, our party of six was seated in the far corner of the restaurant next to the kitchen doors in spite of more desirable seating immediately next to us. A side door next to our table was wide open (as was the front door) and no air conditioning seemed to be on. These doors were without screens and a white sheet had been hung over the side door. The room was seductively lit with low lighting except for the blinding light of the setting sun through the sheet over the open door.  Our seating could not have been less decorous if they had seated us in a storage locker. This was made worse by tables available to us in better locations in the restaurant. Our server was very good at explaining the menu and the dishes. We had an order of spring rolls and pot stickers that I found average in quality and modest in quantity. The Wasabi shrimp appetizer, was superb, one I will try again. The fried rices we bought for the group were excellent. I had the shrimp and scallops with black bean sauce that was very good. Inventive. Not sure I would order it again, but it showed imagination and I suspect many other items on the menu are excellent. Two problems with this location that may be decisive if they are to survive. The parking is very difficult  with too little space for their customers. Also, the restaurant does not serve beer or wine, essential to boosting the narrow profit margin that food yields. Maybe they should move into the Moe's location down the street or into the new Westgate Publix plaza after it is razed and rebuilt. I see lots of promise here and will go back to give them a second chance, but I can not say that I was blown away on this visit.
The food here generally is on the sweet side. Might be overpowering to some, especially the hotpots. I was really thrown off by the beef chow fun. It was so bland that even more soy sauce wouldn't have helped. The seasoning or the lack thereof made this dish inedible. Service here is erratic.  Parking here is horrible. If you want a place that serves better Chinese food, try Hong Kong Deli or Mr. Han's.
I've been to Yummy House for lunchtime Dim Sum. The food isn't very hot when you get it, but I am eager for Dim Sum so I let it slide. Service is very polite too!
Best Chinese food in Gainesville.  Hands down. The wait is a bit long though, and of course parking is horrible. Worth it.
First time here for dinner. I hovered between 3 & 4 stars before choosing 4. I think authentic Chinese restaurants - the decor, service and fare - can be daunting to the unaccustomed. The food often gets unfairly compared to mall/chain Chinese food e.g. General Tsao's Chicken versus Geoduck with Chives  (i.e. apples to oranges). Often the places that do a mean Roast Duck can't turn out a good Orange Chicken to save their life. Anyway getting past my pet peeve and on to Yummy House: I think its a mixture of both. The look seems somewhat "chainy" The owners were smart from a business point of view, since the restaurant seems to suit American tastes in terms of decor and service, yet are more authentic in the menu items themselves, though I did spot Orange Chicken & Sweet n Sour Pork on there I think. Even the menu itself was nicely done graphically, not the tacky, plain ones I see at others . They'll capture a portion of American diners and first-timers that not many authentic Chinese places can. It was modern, clean, nicely decorated with friendly service...4 things that already set them apart from the places I usually go to  for "real" Chinese food :) The staff were all quick, attentive & friendly. Prices are pretty good, about $9-$12 for most entrees. We ordered chicken-corn soup (it's enough for 4-5 ppl !), Braised Grouper Clay Pot (with shitake & tofu). Veggie of the Day which was Baby Bok Choy in Garlic Sauce, and Scallop & Shrimp in Black Bean sauce (with asparagus and mushrooms). We ate "family style" of course. The only issue to me was the taste of the food itself. While the flavors seemed authentic, they were very low key, possibly toned down to suit Western palates like the rest. Or maybe it was because we ordered only seafood and veggies (i.e. more delicately flavored in general) as opposed to beef or pork which usually boasts bolder flavors. Although I could taste the real black bean flavor, it was slight. I also think it could be that this is Canton style cooking, I.e. lightly seasoned, just to enhance the natural flavors. I was also shocked at the amount of oil one of the dishes was served with, about quarter inch deep!.   I would go back, I enjoyed it in spite of some of the issues mentioned since I'd like to try some of the other items I saw on the menu.
Probably the best Chinese food in Gainesville at the moment.  Parking is not adequate, so be warned and get there early for Dim Sum or dinner to avoid wasting time looking for a parking space.  Although I still preferred the flagship store in Tampa off Hillsborough, but hey, this is Gainesville.  One has to use different metrics for comparison sake.  Gainesville is lucky to have a Yummy House, it will serve as a bridge toward authentic Chinese food in Toronto, Hong Kong, China, Singapore, etc.
Yummy House has a few growing pains to overcome in Gainesville. First off, parking. They took over a building previously owned by KFC, which ran a small drive-thru and buffet style restaurant in their time there. On the Sunday afternoon some friends and I visited, the lot was jam packed, though in part it was our own fault as the local churches likely let their ravenous flocks loose around that time. I was lucky enough to have encountered some folks leaving and was able to grab a parking spot. Secondly, popularity. It was as if all of the Chinese, Korean, and other Asian denominations of people descended on the place in one fell swoop. We arrived to find a line of people all across the front sidewalk and a guesstimated wait time of ~30 minutes. The table placement made it so that the dim sum carts were devastated by the time they reached our table sort of tucked against one of the walls. Third, and very minor, chopsticks. They offer glossy black plastic ones and unlike their humbler bamboo cousins, they offer next to no grip. Forget about them and ask for a fork or spoon. Aside from all this, the variety of food was excellent and the menu options extensive. Would eat again.
Hard to believe this is part of a chain. So many Chinese places all taste the same, this  is an exception, this is the sort of Chinese one can only find in a big city. Hong Kong duck was very moist with the usual thin crispy skin. I am amazed the mend being so large they can execute so well. I would prefer to see a few more items served off the bones. Highly recommend.
They have very delicious Cantonese food. They have dim sum for lunch, and also Cantonese roast duck and pork taste good.
Some of the very best Chinese food I've ever had.  I've been there once and tried three other times but couldn't find a parking place and left.  Good luck parking.
Best Chinese I've had since Chicago. Orange chicken was delicious and a huge hit amongst my group...the portion was ginormous! Sesame chicken was fantastic as well. Also have had vegetable egg rolls, chicken fried rice and BBQ pork dumpling. Everything I had was high in flavor and low on cost. Recommend for anyone in the GVille area to check it out.
We were greeted immediately, as was every customer--seated--three servers visited our table making sure we were comfortable, had water & tea. The tables, menus, condiments, plastic chopsticks, glassware; absolutely clean! Then, the waiter with the cart of bite-size goodies rolls our way, and off we go. Bake roasted pork puff, Pan-fried turnip cake, Pan-fried chive dumplings, Pork shumai, Shrimp balls, Stuffed tofu, and an ample supply of quality green tea. Never did our cups run dry, never was the service lacking, this team is so tight and economical, it makes one really notice how grossly inadequate the service is in other restaurants and it makes one wonder why. There was a sense of ownership among the staff, a sense of raised stakes and attention to detail, and I dare say proud commitment; these servers and staff members know they have the quality, they're proud of it, it shows, and they were even having fun (or so it absolutely seemed). All the Dim Sum choices were carefully explained to us with no sense of irony or being 'schooled'. I just can't go on enough about the amazing service. But in the end, we are talking about the food. Having had Dim Sum in some of the finest Dim Sum restaurants in the Little Chinas of both New York and Chicago, and Yummy House is the real deal. In those larger cities, perhaps you have the cutting edge of competition, but you are truly in an extremely busy raucous move-and-shake environment. It's exciting and fun, but also noisy and a bit oppressive. Here, you are in a smaller properly run restaurant, and though it gets busy enough, it's a small welcoming environment in which you can converse and take some time. The Dim Sum was obviously meticulously prepared from scratch with fresh quality ingredients and the flavors pop. The tofu, which one might expect to have dried up in the cooking process was moist and silky. The shumai was filled with flavor, the dumplings came with a sauce-on-the-side, chilies so hot your toes curl (as I said, no catering to a bland typically Western palate--this is how it is done in China.) Of course you're free not to dip, but I like my toes curled. We agreed the Bake roasted pork puff was our favorite, just fantastic! The dough was fresh and rich with all the lovely best buttery flavors of quality bread, then the pork hits, then the sweetness balances, then something like chestnuts rise up--this treat was evolving its flavors for a good full minute or so. Kim said it's the quietest she's ever seen me at a restaurant. Probably because try as I might to find fault, the only thing I could say was, 'Yummy'. The restaurant expects to upgrade to a beer and wine license in the coming weeks. THERE! There's one thing...I don't like bottles of wine on display that I can't drink until they get their license. (A triviality.) It's on the way! For six items (both of us took home a box each of left-over Dim Sum, enough for two more people), and tea, it was about twenty-four bucks, not including tip. I think two people could eat here, get two ample Dim Sum lunch choices and tea, and walk out having paid around ten bucks for everything. My recommendation is to enjoy Yummy House with three or four people in your party. That way, everyone can enjoy the most variety for an extremely reasonable price. Yummy House is a most welcome addition to the Gainesville food scene, and I'm sure our Chinese friends are extremely happy to finally have some authentic Cantonese Dim Sum in town. This is how it's done. Remember also to arrive early. They pack out, and they sell out of Dim Sum quickly.
Great food!! The carts that come around at lunch are really good as well... The service is a bit slow but over all a great place to grab lunch!
This place was great! My girlfriend and I wanted to try something new and aren't we glad we stumbled upon this gem. The food was delicious, I just wish the dim sum lasted longer.
I can't believe it has taken so long to get real chinese food! I have been there over 5 times and the food was excellent. We usually go for dim sum and it takes just like I remember from Hong Kong. We tried beef soup, clams in black bean sauce and grouper with asparagus. Each dish was incredible. I will try new dishes there because they all seem great! The only negative I have is the parking is tight and it is always a long wait for a table. The word is out that they have real food.   I have always had a pleasant experience with the wait staff. Always pleasant and helpful. If you have time to wait and come early (12:00 dim sum) (5:30 dinner), it will be less hectic.   Wish they had gone to a bigger location with more parking.
Great dim sum, but you have to be a bit aggressive when it is busy to get the dim sum cart to your table. Parking can be a pain since there are very limited spaces. The salt and pepper appitizers are nicely favored,  but I would reccommed the shrimp over the squid/calamari.
This review is based on 2 takeout orders. But I believe that Chinese to-go should be no worse then the food served in the restaurant, since this is a standard in the US. And unless there is some miracle on Newberry Road going on here, I will assume that the service is about as crappy as everywhere else in this town. So...we have ordered three meals now: chicken and mixed greens, chicken and broccoli, and scallops and shrimp in black bean sauce. The first was very bland, the second was kinda bland, and the third was decent, though the sauce was extremely thin. There was also a shortage of vegetables in the black bean sauce, but since vegetables were not mentioned in the name of the dish, I guess that was to be expected(?). To be honest, I don't understand why everyone is raving about this place, except that it is west of the mall, where there is pretty much no good restaurants at all. I am guessing that the other reviewers have been stuck in this fast-food wasteland for so long, that their tongues are no longer capable of distinguishing edible from flavorful. But Yummy House leans far more towards the former than the latter. I would have given this place 3 stars, but they provided our food in fold-over Styrofoam containers. I hate Styrofoam. It is not recyclable, non-microwavable, and leaches toxins constantly. But even worse, it spills! There is a reason that Chinese restaurants use those origami paper boxes for takeout -- they do NOT spill. Since this place insists on serving sauces with the viscosity of grape juice, the plastic bag they stuffed with Styrofoam was filled with half the sauce by the time we got it into the kitchen. Yay mess. I really wish this place was as good as the reviews suggest, as it is close to my home. But alas, it doesn't live up to the hype or the name. If you really want the best Asian food in town, go to Chop Stix Bistro. If you really want excellent Chinese, go to Orlando or Tampa. If you're craving food that is not horrible at a place that is very crowded, well this is exactly what you are looking for. Enjoy.
Yummy House, Gainesville, is a new restaurant in the regional Yummy House chain of Cantonese restaurants out of Tampa. I could not be more happy to see it come to Gainesville: we have gained a few good Chinese places in the past couple years--Hong Kong Deli, certainly--but we can always benefit from having a few more, and Yummy House provides a nice sit-down atmosphere plus an extensive menu (as extensive as that of Gator Suyaki, indeed). I like that they have ample choices--a hallmark of Cantonese cooking--and the restaurant, while small, has been well-renovated for Yummy House. I believe the space was at one time an IHOP or something like that: it's located next to a still-functional Waffle House and the parking is tight, as is the trick of turning around and getting in there if you're in west-bound traffic. I really don't understand the choice of location: it's near the Interstate, sure, but west of the mall and not apt to get much drive-by traffic. Putting Yummy House on Archer or near campus would have made much more sense. Archer, especially, or even 34th somewhere. This location is a little awkward and the space--again, very nice--may prove too small for the amount of business they're already generating: when I got there around eight for dinner it was packed. On a Tuesday. (By the way, despite what the hours say here on Yelp, they do not close at 8:00pm but at 10:00pm.) I had the kung-pao shrimp which was somewhat Americanized but still good (the waiter and I were talking and when he learned I'd lived in San Francisco's Chinatown, he apologized and said had I told him before ordering, he'd have suggested another dish). The portions are huge: if they seem a but expensive, it's because the idea is to eat them family-style and share. If you come to dine alone, you can find something not so costly though but will have plenty to take home probably. I also ordered their egg rolls which were perfect: freshly fried but not oily at all and very light and crisp. There really is a lot to choose from though: everything from Chinese-American standards like Mongolian Beef to sea cucumber, XO Beef, and other Cantonese classics. It's very authentic and they're quite proud of that. For lunch, they also offer a dim-sum menu, but not during dinner hours. In fact, I think they run the dim-sum/lunch from 11:00am-3:00pm then close, then re-open for dinner around 5:00pm. I'm very impressed. Very. My only complaints are the odd location (but it may work for them, if you're at the mall or around there, it's not far to go, nor would it be far from Tioga) and small restaurant space. I would avoid peak hours or come early given how fast it had filled up on a Tuesday night for dinner.
Yummy house is not so yummy. The egg rolls were mushy on the inside, and the salt and pepper tofu was slightly watery on the inside but to be fair crispy on the outside.  The salt and pepper seasoning, however, was horrible. My husband got the calamari, which was cooked well, but the breading was overdone. He also had the sweet and sour pork, which had an interesting sauce but the pork was just okay. As far as the sticky rice goes, I make far far better at home with my Zojirushi rice maker. When I received my main meal, the snow peas tips, I received a large plate of oily vegetables. Since I had a bad experience with my two earlier dishes I decided to quit here, but apparently management cannot void a dish. If you don't like a dish, you can either replace it with another one or take a store credit.  I said I wouldn't be coming back because I didn't like the food.  They were persistent. We then asked to speak to a manager and were told that one was not on the premises; he or she had gone out of town.  Anyway, they did wind up giving us a 15% discount but the food also wound up making my husband sick. In closing, even if you manage to get something decent off the menu here, I can virtually guarantee it won't be worth the price.  They charge a lot of money for sub-par food that is essentially a side (e.g. $15 dollars for a dish of snow peas tips). Spend your money better elsewhere.
This is probably the best Chinese going in Gainesville right now. I formerly would've voted for Mr Hans, but I like this better now. The food just tastes fresh compared to most Chinese spots around town. My wife even commented that it tastes healthy. I'm not going to go that far, but it is quality. The only reason I went 3-star instead of 4 are a couple oddities. For one, rice is extra which is just odd at a Chinese restaurant. I expect rice with any entree and when it's extra I feel like I'm getting hit with a bag fee by an airline. Just a low blow. Second, the soup portion size is only large. And by large, it is a huge portion that can serve 4-6 people. I like hot n sour soup, but my wife doesn't. Therefore, we got a horse trough of soup (which was excellent) and we took 2/3 of it home. Regardless, we will go back regularly. The food is good enough that I will adapt to their menu despite my preferences being different.
I'm not very sophisticated about my restaurants. This place is a wonderful. The food is extremely fresh,the spices are very tasty and the prices don't ruin my experience. It is definitely on the must stop list whenever traveling through Gainesville Florida. The parking is a very tough but well worth it.
Decided to do takeout and it was not as great as eating in the restaurant. Food was soggy because of the sauce and condensation. Still had good flavor though. Eat in if you want the best flavor possible!
lived up to the name!  Yummy House is awesome and I highly recommend giving it a try.  Service was excellent too... only knock is a parking shortage. Park at Jiffy Lube of its after 7pm.
Had dim sum around 1:30pm on a Sunday.  The place was still reasonably busy but we were able to get a table right away. Got some of the basic dim sum dishes.  Dishes were tasty but were lukewarm. One chef's special, beef chow fun, that we got from a cart was cold so we asked the wait staff to heat it up for us. It took a while to get back but it was nice and hot after we got it back.
The best Chinese in town!!!! The yummy chicken was my first dish and it was soooo good. More of a sweet spicy dish with asparagus and mushroom. The Mongolian Beef was a surprise to me...very delicious and the portion size was huge. Gonna try noodles next time. My husband tried the lomein and fell in love.
Dim sum. Had to park across the street near Krystal's because there just is not enough parking. However, it didn't take too long to get a table to seat 5. The carts kept coming and we barely put a dent in the number of options available. Jellyfish salad, pork dumplings, pork buns, short rib, salt and pepper calamari, stuffed eggplant, shrimp dumplings, Hong Kong sticky rice, pumpkin cakes, custard, sesame balls, greens, and more... I was pleased with the selections and flavors. Staff was friendly. Place was packed. It is wonderful that we have this in Gainesville. I took a look at the menu and it is huge. It will take some time to work my way through that menu... If I can resist just coming for the dim sum.
Just had dinner, and it was excellent. I had the mixed veggies with garlic sauce and my husband had the traditional Buddha delight. The sauce was little oily, but still had a lot of flavor. We are both vegan, and had a few options to choose from. Not sure if they would substitute anything, but will try to ask next time. You can tell that the restaurant used to be for fast food, but the decor was nice. We were very impressed with our waitress when we had a few ingredient questions. She knew every one that we had a question about! I will definitely be back.
About time to say something : lunch special comes with free drink and rice . Dinner menu big portion shared with friends and separately order rice. Dim sum only in cart have to stop them pulling the cart away.
Great Chinese style food. Fresh and yummy. Just know it doesn't come with rice and egg rolls and is slightly more expensive. Portions are large.
I think this is a pretty new business, the parking lot still has an old sign, "parking for KFC customers only". We stopped by here on our long drive to the panhandle, and surprisingly found this restaurant, that I'd say everything we ordered was excellent (Mushroom with Chinese green, Braised eggplant, Braised tofu, Chicken fried rice, Vegetable Fried rice, Beef chow fun & Spicy Szechuan chicken (my FAVORITE). They're so deliciously excellent, that we have no more space for Dim sum. The service was good & friendly.
Wonderful food, huge menu, and great service. The servings are a bit large. the entrees serve about two people and the soup is a table wide serving. I definitely recommend getting there early because the place filled up fast and there is not much seating. Overall a great place.
I love it.  Food is great, large portions and reasonable prices.  There isn't a ton of parking, but if you have to circle around a couple times to find a spot, it'll totally be worth it.
Just ate there and the food was great and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. Definitely would go back. Get there early as people seem to have found it. It was packed...
New favorite place!  Wish I lived here so I could eat here more ofyen!  Great food and service.
The best in Gainesville. Reminds me of NYC or Boston quality food. Got to try it!
Absolutely amazing!!! Dining in there is usually a wait. Picking up a to go order was simple. Go hungry portions are huge!!
The food is excellent. As others have said the parking is difficult. If you go late you can park in the Jiffy Lube lot next door. Some actually park across the street and walk over from Kmart. Have been there several times and feel this is the best and most authentic Chinese in Gainesville. They feature family style dining so the portions are large. If you go for dinner try to get there before 530pm or you will likely have a wait for a table.
Finally a dim sum restaurant that offers a huge variety of choices. I love that it offers dim sum 7 days a week. My friend and I ate here and got a huge assortment of dishes. We got the seaweed soup, it was by far the best soup I've had in awhile. I have cravings for this soup now and will be going back to try the other soup offerings. We had egg tarts and they were really tasty, coconut buns that were really good too. Get the steamed pork buns, steamed rice rolls and fried shrimp balls they are all good. I asked for the chili oil since I like to dip my dim sum in it, be warned it is really hot. We got shumai and I wasn't really a fan of it, I usually really like it but I didn't like the flavor if it here. The staff is all extremely friendly, wish they would have checked on us more though. They were setting up for dinner as we left and the place looked really nice. Like others have said parking sucks but it's worth the hassle. I will be going here again since dim sum is my favorite food!!!
I found Yummy House in Tampa in 2012, and went there whenever I was in the area.  When Yummy House opened right in Gainesville, I was thrilled.  Yes, it's a terrible location in terms of in and out, and even more terrible in terms of parking.  But any annoyances such as those go away when the plate of salt and pepper shrimp is placed before me and I breathe in that amazing blend of spices.  This is a BYOB, which means two people can bring wine or beer and have a wonderful dinner for under $20.  Portions are large enough for two.  I've eaten beef short ribs and rice noodles with BBQ pork off the roving carts and they were good but not great.  I'd be concerned how long things were sitting on the carts.  The guy across from me only picked from the carts, though, and said everything was great.  I will try more things off the carts next time.  Meanwhile, my dreams will be of salt and pepper shrimp!
Tried this for takeout. Food was very fresh & flavorful, although I believe I got sesame chicken rather than spicy Szechuan which I ordered.  Pretty inside. Busy. Nice attentive staff. Will return to dine in.
Always crowded since it opened. Tried Dim Sum once with someone who is well versed. We both thought it was okay. Only place in town except for Mr. Hans that has it. Been a couple times for dinner. Decent. Large portion sizes. Hit or miss service. Parking is a bear. Still one of the better places in town. Get a to go order and avoid the service and parking woes. Items enjoyed: salt N pepper calamari, shrimp fried rice, sweet & sour chicken, Hong Kong style wonton soup
This was my second visit. Dim sum was cold and therefore disappointing.  My first visit was good since we were there right at 11. Next time I would order regular food because they looked good and piping hot!!
We went to Yummy House on a Saturday night around 6 and got one of the last few spots available in the parking lot. I was a little disappointed to hear that Dim Sum is only available at lunch but was glad we stayed for dinner because it was excellent. We started off with Salt and Pepper shrimp,which to my delight, came out with fresh herbs and jalapenos (my son couldn't eat it, but more for us!). My son chomped away on the Pan Fried potstickers which were equally as yummy. My husband had the Eight Treasures Pot (Shrimp, tender scallops, calamari, chicken, BBQ pork, shitake mushrooms and tofu in garlic Hoi Sin Sauce). This was very good but the tofu fell apart once it was sliced open with the fork. I would have liked it to have been more firm. I had the Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodles (Crispy Noodles, BBQ pork, shrimp, scallop, calamari, chicken and bok choy in brown sauce). The ingredients were similar to my husband's dish but had a totally different flavor and came out on a bed of fried noodles. At first I thought this might be weird, but the sauce helped soften up the noodles a bit and they were actually quite delicious by themselves as well. I gave this place four stars on atmosphere, two stars on parking, and five on the food. I can't wait to come back for Dim Sum!
Delish! Delish! Delish!  I would give this ten stars if I could. We have eaten here at least 5 times and the dinning experience has always been impeccable. The place is clean, staff is very attentive and professional.  The Garlic Chicken, Pot Stickers, Shrimp Fried Rice, Shrimp w/ Crispy Noodle, Shrimp w/ Broc and Spring Rolls were divine. Not heavy or greasy. Very fresh ingredients. The only complaint is NOT  FOOD RELATED- the parking lot is small. It is definitely worth trying it out. Even if you have to park and walk across the street you will not be disappointed. Don't listen to the haters. Thanks Yummy House :)
If you walk, or parachute in, you are ok. Otherwise you have a better chance winning the lotto than finding a legal parking spot here. I ordered out, yet still no parking for take out, so I parked illegally, that's right, hand cuff me now. Dim sum and noodles, are why I come, def know what they are doing.  Great variety in menu from lobster to the usual fried rice. Too bad, I won't return unless I have chaffeur because of the parking situation. Life is too short to waste driving and stressing out. They are opening another in Ocala soon, by the time I drive around and wait, I would probably do better going to Ocala!
Went on a Saturday afternoon, hoping to go later than the dim sum rush, but it was still packed.  Was very impressed with the decor, white table cloths, modern setting and all.   After living in SF, I usually can judge good Cantonese food.  We went with 2 claypot items: Spicy seafood and another spicy one (forget the name).  Both were very good!  Of course these are not the cheapest items on the menu, but I would always steer someone away from ordering the cheapest.  Go for the flavor.  It wasn't very spicy, as can be predicted because it's Cantonese but just enough to give it more flavor.  The seafood was all fresh and cooked perfectly. Yes, rice is a $1 extra, but that's pretty much the norm everywhere now.  At least it was ONLY $1. I have seen $1.50 and $2 at other places!   Would like to see tea served with a meal as customary in Chinese restaurants.  (Talking real Chinese here.  I have been to China) The one major drawback was the bathroom.  It was nasty.  And not just because it was a busy day; you can tell they take little care for it on a daily basis and put no effort into keeping it a clean environment.  Sad, especially compared to the nice decor in the dining room.  I don't take off points until I go back.   If still the same, I will update. Overall, authentic Cantonese cooking in a nice environment with prices set where you feel you got your money's worth.  Will be back!
Seriously, gimme a break.............................................­........... First off, I don't know if I am even qualified to eat at Yummy House of Gainesville.  Or, even write a review for that matter because I do not wear Birkenstocks.   Nor, do I order Sweet and Sour Chicken. You have to park across the street at the bank because their parking lot is so small.  There are people, my mother included, that will arrive 30 minutes before they are open and stand out front waiting.  Is the food really that good?   R E A L L Y ? I sat through the wait and as every minute went by I became more enraged at the chump I have become.  By the time we were allowed to eat, I was so pissed off that I had lost my appetite and was shaking in anger. The fact that people put themselves through the New York style Cronut torture to eat Chinese food at Yummy House is beyond me.  Yes, the food is good, just like all the other Yummy House locations, but damn. For those locals that still have not figured it out yet, let me break it down for you in extra special education terms: THERE ARE 4 RESTAURANTS THAT SERVE DIM SUM IN GAINESVILLE. Therefore, this is not the only dim sum restaurant.  Get it?
Hands down the best Chinese food in gainesville. Amazing portions for the cost and I am never unsatisfied. Favorites include: salt and pepper squid & XO spare ribs. Family style serving. Staff is super nice and accommodating. Great for mixed meal groups: eg, vegans, carnivores can share meal time. If it were closer to where I live id be there every week- hate the traffic on 75.
The food was subpar and only came around to us 3 times, despite us being on the larger side of a party. When we asked if they served a certain dish, our hostess completely dismissed his question and disappeared. We waited for 40 minutes with no food so we asked for the check and our "waitress" acted like it was a hassle. We split the bill amongst 4 cards because of some absurd maximum rule of 4 cards for a table. A guy ordered his own food and didn't share with anyone so he had his own bill and tried to pay for it with another card. I understand that trying to pay for it may have been a misunderstanding, but it wasn't a misunderstanding that deserved her saying "No. Absolutely not. I'm not doing it." I wouldn't recommend to anyone looking to use their money wisely while also looking to actually have a satisfied stomach.
I had the spicy yummy combo for lunch, it was delicious, great price.  A little sad that they have a limit of four credit cards per party, but other than that it was awesome.
I'm not sure that Yummy House needs another review, so I'll keep it brief. We both love Chinese food. We've eaten at Yummy House four times in the last month. Each time was a winner. My favorites: Salt and Pepper Shrimp and Spicy Yummy Combo, which is not on the massive menu but is on the chalk board, seemingly permanently. I've had several of the relatively inexpensive noodle dishes, all were excellent. The only complaint I have is that their spicy is not, but you can have them increase the heat. Yes, it's fairly pricey for a Gainesville Chinese restaurant, but we've always gotten a second meal out of the leftovers. Parking can be a pain but we've always found a space in their parking lot. We haven't made it to the dim sum lunch yet, but definitely want to. If you like well-prepared Chinese food, this is the place for it in Gainesville.
TBH I felt a bit deceived because everyone who worked there spoke Cantonese, so I had high expectations for authenticity. Lo-baht-goh (dimsum item) was not the same and neither was yong-chow fried rice - two very standard Hong Kong dishes. I'm willing to give it another shot but as of now I can only give it 2 stars.
Absolutely delicious authentic Chinese food! I have been many times and the food and service are always fantastic. I'm always seated immediately and the servers are always friendly. Water glasses are kept filled and there's always someone checking on you. It's a little small for a restaurant but the food is well worth it.
Yummy, yummy, yummy, I have love in my tummy! Formerly a KFC, the Yummy House picked a great location. Very clean with great service (Annie) I would come back here in a heart beat next time I'm in town. We wanted dim sum but being an hour or so before they closed, there wasn't much left so we split a sticky rice. We quickly learned that you shouldn't have the dim sum soon before they're closing as it had sat there for a long time. It had steamed so long that the grease from the meat product made it greasy and it was cold. Moving on, we ordered the Garlic Chix and Spicy Grouper w/Eggplant Clay Pot (without the spice). It only took 15 mins. and our food was served. My friend enjoyed her Garlic Chix but for me it wasn't very garlicky and bordered on cold. My Grouper Clay Pot was incredible. A tasty well layered broth with so much grouper and eggplant that it made it difficult to finish. There also was about 8 garlic cloves in the pot that just added to the flavor. The prices were on spot for what you received and I'm so glad they've expanded into Gainesville!
If you want authentic Chinese food in Gainesville, this is the place to go. The food is terrific and the wait staff is extremely courteous. The food here isn't super greasy like you would expect from fast food Chinese places, but still super tasty. The parking is brutal, but if you don't mind parking further away and walking, it's not a problem. The food is served family style, meaning there are several large servings of one food per plate that you share with the group. If you plan on going for dim sum (only during lunch time), definitely go as early as possible because the dim sum runs out very quickly. It's a little pricey for Chinese food, but the authenticity of it makes up for it.
This is my first visit to the yummy house in Gainesville. I went with my wife for dinner the portions are large and the prices are very fair. I've not tried their infamous dim sum yet but that'll be for another week day. The day we visited was a Sunday evening and they close at three and reopen at 5 o'clock we entered the restaurant at 5 o'clock and we're served promptly. It was Bonnie view that they're spicy items were not quite as spicy as you would expect see might have to ask for some extra hot chili oil on the side. The service was good and efficient and all the food came out the at the same time. I peaked into the kitchen. I was asked by several servers if they could be of assistance and I suggested that I was simply viewing the kitchen through the windows of the door. I was trying to figure out how this small place could produce a much food given that used to be a KFC long ago. What I witnessed or two guys using about three  woks cooking food in tank tops and neither of them had hairnets or anything to hold their hair back. So minus one star. Bathrooms are clean and the tables were nicely appointed. Will return. Portion sizes are very large they do charge you one dollar for rice. Unless you are seriously hungry you can easily split a meal And be satisfied!
mediocre food, mediocre service, not impressed, will not go back again. Being chinese I have higher standards for chinese food, also living in the bay area i have been spoiled.. we ordered fried calamari, the serving is large, but there is way too much stuffing, and honestly i think it would taste better if they reduce the bread size by at least half. we also ordered a beef dish, and they overdid the starch too... rice was also kind of dry and half cooked.
My dad took me here for dinner a couple of weeks ago & this place is a great addition to the regular Gainesville fare. And although parking was a bitch, the fact that I read about this place FIRST made me appreciate this place more. (They have another one in Tampa).   First off, it is Cantonese and I can tell you their food is super delicious.  My dad is a fabulous cook and he's pretty picky with his Chinese so when he invited me here, I knew it was going to be a great food experience.  I ordered the Yummy Special that they had on the board that came with beef, chicken and shrimp.  One word: Amazing. My brother had  the Scallops and Shrimp with Black Bean Sauce and my dad ordered the tripe dish. We shared an order of rice.  All of our dishes where exceptional and the portions where huge--not skimpy.  Fresh and delicious.  I can't wait to go back for more. **Yummy House offers a wide variety of dishes that will satisfy your taste buds.  Now, if only they can open one up in Jacksonville--I would be so happy!   Check out their menu:  yummyhouseflorida.com/me…
We had a great dinner here. We arrived a little after 5pm on a Saturday and were seated immediately. There were a lot of good choices on the menu, and we settled on mongolian beef, chicken lo mein, and the buddha's delight (steamed instead of stir-fried). The beef was very tasty, with a nice amount of spice. The lo mein was very good, the chicken very tender. Portions were large. The Buddha's delight was not our cup of tea, very heavy on the mushrooms. We will gladly return.
My experience with dim sum is pretty limited, as I have only been to two different places for the cantonese style of eating, but make no mistake that my experience with quality food give me all the certainty I need to know this place is exactly what you are looking for.  Quality, quantity, and general atmosphere insure you will be able to forgive some of the less-controllable downsides (namely the location). The Space: Yummy House is a lot of great injected into bad.  The old KFC, inconveniently crammed next to the on-ramp for I-75, closed for a reason, but thankfully this food is far too good to discourage even if you will more than likely fight tooth-and-nail for a parking spot.  Take my advice and park across the street in either the plaza or at the pharmacy, as it will save you the headache and allow for more precise timing. As far as the interior is concerned, they do a fair job of making you forget it was once a fast food carbon-copy, but there is only so much that can be done with such a limiting space.  It lacks the air of a nice dinner restaurant and this has discouraged me from going at any other time besides for their dim sum service.  You will find it a touch cramped if you do attend a weekend dim sum, for instance, as the demand for a meal is high. The Food: Again, bear in mind this report is based solely on the experiences I have had with their dim sum (for those unfamiliar, think of asian tapas). As it stands I have tried: -Baked, roasted pork puff (tasty, savory, sweet) -Steamed BBQ pork buns (personal favorite; deliciously fluffy and full of flavor) -Egg tart (a very indulgent and buttery sweet treat to round out a meal) -Pork and shrimp dumpling *shu mai* (My favorite dumpling) -Fried sticky pork dumpling (solid, but it is a more modest offering in comparison to the others) -Shrimp dumpling (same general statement applies as with above, though a little less appealing) -Stuffed Taro (A very peculiar fried lump with taro mush held within; texturally interesting but not a big fan over all) -Chinese broccoli (a chef's special that comes drizzled with a sweeter brown sauce; quite tasty and a welcome change from the starchy savory MO of the majority of items you'll get here) Suffice it to say there has been nothing I have strongly disliked, and my critique on the taro item is basically because I subjectively do not like the texture of it, not because it tastes bad. PRO TIP: Get the hot, green tea.  It is delicious and does a fantastic job of accompanying the richer foods you will consume. The Service: Again, dim sum has been my only experience for the following. PRO TIP: If arriving for dim sum on a weekend day (Saturday or Sunday) get there EARLY.  They open at 11 but the line forms closer to 10:40, and they will take down your name outside before the doors open.  If you fail to do this you will be met with a 30 minute wait. For those unfamiliar, dim sum here is served in the form of many small dishes via carts.  As the cart passes with fresh items, you select what you would like and a card tallies these choices for the end of the meal. As far as pace goes, it is usually pretty quick, so long as when the cart comes by you get multiple dishes instead of going one at a time.  Two carts roam: one steamed and one fried/baked.  Between the two you will not find yourself too antsy with the time it takes for the first to come back to you, though there are certain items that tend to disappear quickly. The staff are friendly and informative, taking time to be a little chatty when the tempo of the place changes to allow for it, and if you need explanation you will not be met with a scowl of disapproval at unfamiliarity.  They know that Gainesville has not had good cantonese and they're happy to be patient. Final Thoughts: Yummy House could have a better location, and the parking mixed with the demand from the locals familiar with Cantonese who already knew Yummy House was the best thing to happen to W. Newberry in a while makes it somewhat of a hassle.  Not everyone wants to wake up and wait for a spot to eat, let alone to eat early.  That said, the quality speaks for itself and the pricing is SO SO accommodating for the area (you will walk away full, having tried multiple different and tasty items for around ~10-15 with tip and tea, given a party of 4).
So far the service has been hit or miss, many times I get incorrect information because the staff is new and hasn't fully worked out the kinks in the system yet. As for the food, the menu items are decent. The dishes are relatively authentic to canto-chinese cuisine but pretty basic in flavor. Nothing exciting to write home about. Dim sum: I have only had the dim sum a few times and from the large variety I've tried, the dishes ok despite being a little pricey (again, nothing big to write home about). Unfortunately it is only served from 11AM-1PM (many of the staff told me it's 11-3, it's not as I found out by going at 1:30 one time). If it's super busy, good luck finding parking and a seat. If it's not busy, then many of the baked/fried dim sum items will be cold and the hot items in the steam cart will be lukewarm. Perhaps they should try steamed to order dim sum like many of the other places in Florida. So far it's the most edible dim sum in the city of Gainesville so that's somewhat exciting, right?
