This place is great! The tiki hut bar is the next best thing to being near water. The bartenders are hot as hell. The food is delicious. The prices are decent. They have TVs AND put the sound on (loud) for games, which is more than I can say for most sports bars. They give you free shots of tequila on Sunday. The location is convenient. They participate in the HHonors iDine program and did I mention the bartenders are HOT? What's not to like?
Went to see the World Cup match. What type of Mexican style place runs out of steak?  No steak fajitas? No steak burrito, no steak torta ... Ok. I got over this. Two desserts on the menu and they don't have one if them available. Service was good. Food was just ok.   Nothing to rave about, but edible.
This place is the hub for creeps and predators. Many legal issues on progress. Bad at checkout id's. Basically this is where underage girls sneak in to drink, and by sneak I mean waltz right in. Cantina is the creep crime hub ruphie hub of midtown. Watch your drinks in here.
Get a free shot- Download the Stealz app and unlock a free tequila shot, but BEWARE- the bartenders might be hot but they WILL give you chronic bitchface (even if you tipped) for the rest of the night just because they have to honor a coupon. Terrible customer service, really. Gave this place an extra star because it doesn't smell like the usual mix of stale beer and vomit that is so typical of midtown. Maybe thats because we were outside... Oh yea and saw a cockroach in the bathroom.. isnt this place supposed to be restaurant?
Ridiculous place. Food was disgusting. Found hair I think. Then the bouncer with the goatee told me party that it was our problem that there was a problem with our food. He should be fired. Horrible person. Horrible management. Don't come here... Ever
This place is definitely the go-to spot for game days and Sunday-funday. You can't live in Gainesville and NOT go to Cantina...unless you live under a rock! However, I will say the dinning experience is far different from the nighttime experience. The food is absolutely unbelievable! Fair prices and great presentation! I definitely give the food an A+...but that's really the only good thing I can say about this place... At night, the service is not only horrible via bartenders (there are about 3 good ones and the rest act like WE should be serving them!!) but the place is down right disgusting and dirty. I literally feel uncomfortable using the restrooms with their plumbing problems causing fecal matter to over flow on a nightly basis and ordering drinks with how dirty the outside bar is! I used to work at multiple bars in Tampa, and even the ones that were considered to be the college bars were still more sanitary than this place! I understand that part of the problem are the belligerent college kids that go there and don't tip for their 3-dollar drinks and turn the place upside down! BUT that's no excuse to be rude to customers, especially one like me who knows what it's like working in a bar and therefore, always tip well. Also not an excuse to cut corners with the cleaning because again, a customer like me KNOWS when things have been cleaned properly or are gross due to pure apathy and laziness of the staff and managers. I'm sorry but when a bartender makes the incorrect drink she shouldn't give me a look like I'M the one who messed it up and then pour my liquor from the same glass back into a shaker and add the correct mix rather than making me a new one! Also, when there is water on my table and I ask someone to wipe it up, I do no appreciate being thrown a dirty wet towel and being told to do it myself!!! I will say...I'm still going to go to Cantina because let's face it, there is really no place else to go and most of my friends could care less about the cleanliness as long as they are tipsy! But something REALLY needs to be done about this place's cleanliness.
Notice: this review will be written largely about the nightlife of 101Cantina rather than the restaurant.  Please review other materials to get a more appropriate understanding of the food/service in regards to that aspect of this establishment. 101Cantina (hereafter referred to as Cantina) has honestly managed to maintain its appeal to me despite some poor evenings of service, and I hesitate to give the 4-star rating I did, but overall I find it fitting for a few major reasons. LOCATION Cantina is in midtown, an area notorious for cheap drinks, crowded spaces and difficult circumstances.  Having the outdoor square bar frees up a lot of space for ordering, and the staff is really attentive despite the level of noise pollution that can come from whatever music it is they decide to blast.  Again, though, having the location be outdoors makes people chain-smoking less of an issue, the noise level is more tolerable, and the body odor/smog/spilt beer stench is not really as noticeable compared to places which attempt to cram everyone indoors.  They even have 4 TVs outside to catch your eye in the event of boredom or a need of brief entertainment/distraction. SPECIALS (**Note: Specials mentioned subject to change with time) Let it be known here and now: when I first got my sea legs for navigating the booze around town, I had only one word in my mind: free.  I wanted it to be free (and I mean NO COVER, no down payment, no credit check FREE) and flowing because I was an inexperienced youngblood looking to figure it all out in a hurry. 1) Monday night = Free Margaritas from 10-11pm -Literally my go-to spot on a Monday night for weeks when I first found out.  They made them strong enough and, if you tipped appropriately, would come basically as fast as you could finish them.  They have since gotten a little bit weaker compared to when I first started coming, but still an easy way to have a good time for very little (or, in tough times, no) money. 2) Friday afternoon (at least until summer 2013, and rumored to resume fall 2013) = Free Beer Fridays from 3-4pm -Yet another essential to start the weekend off right.  I would get out of class at 2:45 and walk right over to an awesome time.  The beer served is, of course, Natural Light.  It's free, is it not?  Beggers cannot be choosers, as they say. There are other specials they run weekly, as well as more specific ones for certain events (holidays, birthdays, etc.), but the general rule seems to be that this business chain is committed to serving up a good time in a tolerable environment, especially given the fact that it sits in midtown.
Since there are two FIVE star and one four star reviews that are obviously fake and written by the owners, I really feel I must downgrade to one star. How about you improve your crappy service and food instead of writing reviews for yourself 101? And here's a tip; you can start by hiring waitresses for their skill and expereience; not their boobs.
Every time I've been to 101 Cantina, it's been a boring, unimpressive, experience overall. The location is great--I fully give them that--and having an alternative this close to campus to The Swamp is very welcome. There's a lot they could do with this approach, the problem is, the service--especially if you sit out back on the patio--is slow and spotty and the food is weak in quality yet overpriced. You can get far better nachos at any decent Mexican restaurant easily. The drinks are alright and should be, since that's probably their strongest selling point aside from location. Now, a note on something else: please glance over the five-star reviews for 101 Cantina and then look at the five-star reviews for its sister business, 101 Downtown. Many are written not only by the same people, but these reviewers have only reviewed these two businesses. This includes a reviewer form Tallahassee and one from Sarasota . . . now ask yourself, how likely is it that people who live elsewhere would all sign up for Yelp in the same month and write glowing reviews for two Gainesville businesses related to each other and yet not write a single review for any businesses in the cities where they actually live? I smell a rat, and that coupled with the unimpressive quality here easily earns 101 just one star. It's a shame some of my friends still dig this place just because they can walk to it from Library West. I cannot prove 101 is writing its own reviews, but having a number of brand-new users who reviewed nothing else give it the highest of marks is so very suspect, I have to wonder about their business ethics. There are valid mechanisms on Yelp for a business owner to promote his/her business, and a business owner should use those means.
My relationship with this place is more love/hate than Kanye West's relationship with everyone on the planet It's gross: the plumbing is always jacked and it's riddled with neon tank-top wearing Tucker Max wannabes that may or may not vomit on their Sperry's tonight. There are a few really awesome bartenders, but alot of them think Shocktop is, like, a really awesome beer or they don't know what St Germain is. HOWEVER their drink specials rock. Seriously, so many productive hours of my life have been wasted daydrinking here. 4-4-1's, 3-4-1's, and 2-4-1's... you don't start paying for singles until 9pm usually. Sunday Funday = happy hour and free tequila shots every hour on the hour. They also serve, beautiful fishbowls of death. The food is also decent; stick with the queso, guac, and pancho villa bowl They also have popular block parties during football season, if that debachery is your cup of tea
I'm 33 and surprisingly,  I'm not totally disgusted with this place. It's an undergrad hangout that serves the best chimis and queso I think I've ever had. Happy hour is 2-4-1 and if you're a hetero male.. all of the servers are dressed in really short shorts and toddler sized tops. They play hip music and they also have a tiki bar in the back that's pretty cool when the weather is right. Overall, cool place to go right after leaving the office for good mexican food and cheap drinks.
Who doesn't love a tiki bar? Now, surround the tiki bar with teetering/underaged drunk girls, corn syrup margaritas, and sh*tty food. Voila! You're at cantina. Drinks -I'll have the strawberry-banana margarita. -um, we're out of banana (by banana she means the quarts of liquid that are (insert fruit) flavored) On to food. -I'll have the 101quesadillas with cactus and corn. -We're out of cactus and corn, but I can have the chef put a mixture of veggies in there for you. What she really meant was, "I'ma get you some Sysco quesadillas with some cheese and pre-chopped red peppers and onions, of which there are three. Then, the chef is gonna open a can of black beans and dump them onto some Minute Rice as a side. While you wait, check out my boobies (could you see my pink bra) and rear end." It's really too bad that Hooter's closed, but a gal's got to make a living somehow, right? On the bright side, they have a lot of interesting tequilas, and they offer fights for tasting. Something tells me that the general clientele doesn't concern themselves with such nonsense as tastings. But never fear, there are 3-4-1 wells and pitchers of waterbeer on the cheap. I'll give it 2 because they really know how to melt some cheese and my husband enjoyed his flight (and the Hooters B Team).
Went back to this place, and they took an hour to make their cantina bowl. No apologies, just bland disgusting food. Portion was ridiculously small at $12. More than that, it was gross. I think food quality and wait time depends on who's cooking that day. Won't be back here any time soon. Drinks were not that bad, but the lack of proper management and horrible food that literally took one hour to make is inexcusable 101. If anything, check if the older guy is in the kitchen. Because that's the only time food is good. Otherwise, consider this a bar. Go to tatu across the street! They have wonderful food that is hearty and cheap and FAST.
Why employ sexism to make a point?  Yes, quite a few young women work here.  No, their service isn't spectacular all the time, nor is the primarily male management, either.  It's not indicative of their vagina or penis.  Denigrating a female bartender/server by labeling her vacuous or prurient because her bra color peaks through is, to me, offensive and irrelevant. That being said, yeah, the food really does suck.  The burrito I ordered was particularly flavorless.  Their guacamole is overpriced and tasteless.  Sure, it comes in a large, novel mortar and pestle,  but its too large and heavy to steal in order for me to believe I genuinely got my money's worth.  Strangely, their wings are good. Personally, I only go to Cantina for their 3-for-1s.  This is why I gave them 3 stars. No, they are not well-balanced drinks. They are just ice doused with vodka and tonic (at least for me).  It attracts a young, fairly annoying crowd, but it's Gainesville.    Dump three 3-for-1s down your throat and chew on a  Xanax and you'll find they melt away pretty quickly.   Warning: They play dirty.  If you are drinking, watch your tab, as they are notorious for price-switching.
Definitely a versatile location. It's pretty great for happy hour and tacos/snacks earlier in the day. The wait staff is nice and the food is quite good. I want to go back and try the 30 taco challenge, sounds pretty awesome. At night it is rather different situation since it becomes a club/bar in its entirety. It has great outdoor portion too, which is sometimes expanded for game nights, that has a stage and a live DJ. The drinks are rather expensive (as any other bar) but most drinks get diluted a LOT with ice and the mixer, so they're not worth your money. Service overall is not great when the place is packed (as to be expected) but it takes a long time to get what you want.
I have eaten here a few times and I liked the wings a lot.  I usually get pretty decent service.  Recently I have noticed a crappy smell in there though.  I looked it up online and found that they have failed recent health inspections with the list of all the failures. data.gainesville.com/res… Finding the failed inspections prompted me to never return.  I am sick of restaurants taking advantage of the student population in Gainesville.  They do not deserve to stay in business if they cant pass health inspections...repeatedly.
I love this place. I've never been here late-night because that's not really my scene, but lunch, dinner and happy hour have been wonderful. The best time to go is when the weather is nice and you can enjoy their back patio/tiki-bar.  It's like a hidden garden in a strip of puke-smelling dive bars along University (not hating on those dives...i love them, but sometimes fresh air is a good thing).   Cantina's food is creative and fresh. A bit pricy, I think, for being so close to a campus full of "broke" students, but the ingredients warrant the higher price. I've always had good, friendly service and tasty food. One exception, the last time we were there, one of our appetizers took a really long time . . . as in, it came out when we were at the dessert stage of our meal.  After the wait, it still sucked big time. Which surprised us because all of their other food is usually so good. The server was good about it and already said it wouldn't be on our bill and apologized. No harm, no foul. Will definitely be going back again.
The prices were a bit outrageous for a Mexican restaurant, especially one right across from campus. But with 35 margaritas on the menu, there was no question I was going. 35??? Are you serious? A must. First, let's talk about the website and atmosphere. There are NO HOURS on the site! Why have a site if I have to call ahead to make sure you're open??? The only differences in the lunch and dinner menus is not price, it's that the lunch menu has a few sandwiches and wraps. In their place at dinner were 3 entrees. That's not going to work. Lunch is supposed to be a more cost-effective option. The inside is far too small. The first time we were forced to sit outside because the restaurant was full. I wouldn't be surprised if it only seated 30.  The outside bar took an obscenely long time and there weren't that many people there. I decided to try the tuna ceviche which was Asian-style. The chunks of tuna were way too large and didn't have enough acid which made it taste flat. When the server asked me about it and I said there wasn't enough acid, she said, "I think the traditional ceviche has more of the acid taste, but because this is more of a non-traditional take on it, that's why." Yeah, no. It's ceviche and should therefore still TASTE like ceviche no matter what other ingredients you put in it. That recipe needs to be fixed. Especially at that $10 price tag. The portion was huge, plenty to share among several people, but probably a tad ambitious for 2. We had the 101 margarita which was the best one. The key lime margarita tasted almost powdery. Very strange and not appealing. The peach margarita didn't taste very peachy. The sangria margarita was definitely the worst and it didn't taste like sangria. The black raspberry was really delicious, too.  I am absolutely still willing to make myself available if they would like someone to help them taste the margaritas as they tweak them. The chicken poblano pasta was good but a bit dry and could have used some heat. It got better when he squeezed some lime juice on it.  The cactus and corn and chicken fuego chimichanga.  AWEEEEESOME!! The first time.  Very good the second time.  But my waitress, strangely seemed LESS familiar with the restaurant though it'd been open longer.
A group of us from work came here last Friday for happy hour, mostly due to the coordinator's obsession with this place. I tried to back out of it, partially because of Yelp reviews and partially because my wife and I had planned dinner and a movie, which is like a biannual treat these days. My wife was berated into coming along, so our date night may now be merely annual. Screw you for ruining my marriage Cantina!!! Oh wait, too soon. 101 Cantina was just a bland experience. I knew beforehand that there was a back patio area and it turned out to be a decent setup, maybe even slightly nicer than I expected. This atmosphere, along with the company, were the highlights of the evening. The beer selection slightly favored Mexican beers, which is fine, but the selection still kind of sucked. After seeing our bill and hearing of the cocktail specials(2-for-1? 3-for-1? Whatever it is) I wished I would have gone with a few cocktails. Only one person in our party got food(tacos) and it didn't look appetizing. He confirmed the suckage of the meal, albeit after cleaning his plate. Screw you for ruining my marriage Cantina!!! Now it feels right.
I've been here 3 times. Its great for the drinks, the waitresses, and most of the food. The first time I hated it because I ordered the ceviche which was tiny, way overpriced, and dry. The second time I went with a group and enjoyed the drink specials, top shelf margaritas, and a very good fajita. On my third trip it was also lots of alcohol and a nachos. They excel with their margaritas and service. Fajitas are good as are the nachos but stay the hell away from their ceviche. Also, the place is not cheap, but they have lots of drink specials and are just across the street from UF.
I came in for lunch the other day and had to sit outside because it was so nice out. What's great about Cantina during the day is the large tiki bar and beach-like atmosphere, it's nice to have a little escape from Gainesville every once in a while. I chose to sit at the bar and order. I started off with a Shocktop on draft and asked my waitress for recommendations. She said she had most of the wraps and burgers so I went in for the Lava Burger with a side of steak fries. It didn't take long for the food to come out. There was a drizzle of sriracha sauce on the plate to add to the burger if I wanted to. The actual burger was so tasty and the cheese made it all melt together in my mouth. Unfortunately the burger only had some sauteed onions so I asked the bartender to get me some lettuce and tomatoes, it definitely helped give it an extra crunch I was looking for. The steak fries were huge! Plump and lightly seasoned, only needed ketchup to dip them into. The bartender was pretty attentive especially since there weren't many customers to take care of at the time. There was a Gator game on and the volume was up a bit too high to enjoy conversation with my two friends...but the atmosphere balance it out for a casual lunch.
Huh. Surprisingly better than last time. So: Been there once before, and was unimpressed enough to just not go back at all. A friend's post thesis defense happy hour: Order the special 4$ margaritas (plus the have a 3 for 1 special - whoa - oh, yeah, its midtown...) and start sipping. Bartendress - wow. Certainly not chosen for her attentiveness... things were looking bleak. And then.... the epic nachos arrived. Holy crap. Not a plate of nachos, a freaking BUCKET of nachos (figuratively). A mound of nachos. Fresh perfect chips, a mound of guac and fixins' and ground burger meat aplenty. Did I say aplenty? Heaps of ground meat. 9 bucks. Totally worth it. The back patio on a day like today is simply sublime. The second bartrendress was far, far better. What began as sketchy and weak turned into a really great time... of course, a lot of that had to do with the weather and great company, but yeah, based on this I'd go back and do dinner and give the place another shot. Saw 3 other plates delivered and they looked very tasty, and the report was that they were. I want to do 3.5 stars, but I'm gonna round up here and go with 4.
I would definitely recommend Cantina to any mexican food lover. I can't believe I've lived in Gainesville for almost a year and just tried it for the first time. While the wait was a bit long and the music was a little too loud the delicious food made up for it! At an affordable price, Cantina delivers on quality, and I will for-sure be back there again!
The worst service I have ever experienced!  The food is not a good as Taco Bell! Easy to get to when you are on campus, but a the Flats is better food!
I am absolutely certain that I will NEVER be returning here again! Before, I'd call myself a semi-loyal albeit slightly indifferent customer.  I started coming here occasionally for lunch last year because you really can't beat the location, and the lunch specials for $5 really are a deal.  Granted, the food was never that great (the rice, especially, tasted like it was Uncle Ben's Instant Rice or something), but at least it was consistent, fast, and cheap. However, today was a turning point.  My boyfriend and I arrived for lunch a little before 1PM.  Apparently, we were the first customers of the day because the kitchen hadn't been "readied" (stoves and ovens hadn't been turned on, food hadn't been prepped, etc.).  This was a minor detail our server neglected to tell us.  Of course, she couldn't have known that I had a class at 1:55PM, but our orders were simple and, like I said, we were the ONLY customers in the restaurant.  We ordered and then waited, and waited, and waited.  Meanwhile, our server was standing around, studying school notes and just being generally useless.  By 1:35PM, my boyfriend went to her and asked if it was going to take much longer, and she promised him the food was almost ready.  I finally decided I needed to go, so I wouldn't be late for class.  My boyfriend stuck around to make sure we got a refund (which fortunately we did), but as I was walking out the door at 1:45PM I saw ONE of our dishes being pushed through the window.  Who knows how long the other one would have taken, but no way were we sticking around to find out.   I hate this place.  The End.
The food is good and the bar tenders are very attractive.  But for me the buck stops there.  It's a bar and there is no hiding that.  I don't want to say the staff is rude but they just seem disinterested or arrogant on the few occasions I have been there.  I think this place was designed to serve the fraternities and sororities of UF.  Based on all the underage drinkers (very obvious) wearing neon colored tank tops and khaki shorts I think they succeeded in that venture.  It's a shame they can't put some focus on bringing in regular folk like UF professors and UF employees.  You know...people that where jeans, polos, and even sometimes a button up shirt....but like I said the food is good so if you don't mind hanging out at a fraternity social while you eat then this is the place for you.
This place is all glitz with no attention to the food. I ordered their $6 guacamole and received a giant mortar and pestle filled with...already pureed guacamole. The waitress then proceeded to push the pestle into the bowl as if there was real chunks of avocado in it. The guacamole was garbage, definitely purchased premade. I've had better for much cheaper at Burrito Bros or Chipotle. I was also there for happy hour and for $5 got a decent margarita, but really nothing to write home about. Walk over to burrito bros or even better, boca fiesta for a good Marg and tex mex.
Overpriced drinks, snobby crowd and staff, GROSS bathrooms filled with underage girls puking their brains out...
I was a bit skeptical about eating at 101 Cantina after reading all the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised when I ate lunch there this past week! Cantina is right across the library so it was super convenient to just walk across the street for some food. I ordered the taco salad and thought it was fairly good, and not overpriced. The one small downfall was that my meal took a little longer than expected, but the food itself was worth it.
Went here with a group from work today. It's a break week and business is slow and we did call ahead regarding the number of people. However, half of our group received their food, ate it, paid and left about twenty minutes before the last six of us received our plates. Halfway through they ran out if beans and rice. Not once did anyone come to our table and apologize for the lengthy wait. When I've had to wait any less time at other restaurants (we've been here over an hour and half now) I've had an apology or my meal comped.  That said, the chips and salsa were not on the bill, but I don't  know if that's because the waitress forgot or if that's their compensation as nobody said anything to us. If you're a college student looking for a bar across from campus with some food to go with your drinks, then you'll be ok. If you're looking for good food at a reasonable price with good service, then you should pass. It just seems pricey for a bar with munchies.
I found the music all right. However this is not my scene: barely any dancing! Everyone was just standing around...
Went around midnight, crowded, no dancing area. The bathrooms are DISGUSTING. For some reason the men's room had a line of guys like 10 long the whole night, but the ladies' room didn't. Inside the ladies' room, there are 2 stalls, one of which doesn't lock, the other looks like someone kicked a hole in the door, which has been filled with toilet paper. Both toilets were apparently not flushing. Gross. We got two double-whisky-gingers, for $14. The bartender gave us back $5 for change. We didn't realize that until after we had tipped her $2, and then they wouldn't give us back the remaining $1. I know it's only $1, but it seems like taking advantage of your customers, especially when 2 drinks ends up costing $17. Geez. This place really wishes Gainesville was Miami, but the execution is pretty terrible.
Come here for the drink specials, not the food - I've eaten here three times and never really liked my meal. The booths/tables and bathrooms are also really gross. I will continue to come here for the bar, but not the restaurant.
I was there this weekend for my first time. I thought the food was awesome, well priced and quickly served. The waitress was super cute and friendly.  The margaritas were awesome. We tried the house special which was not too bad and only $4. The coconut margarita was delicious. I had a good time, good atmosphere and definelty worth the price. I highly recommend it and will definelty be going back for happy hour.
We had just left "The Swamp Bar & Grill" but still wanted more cocktails and more apps.  We sat outside and ordered several tacos.  A sampler platter if you will.  I very much enjoyed the tacos and it was a great place for a Sunday Funday!  Go Gators!
Visited this place on my trip from Texas. I wouldn't go back. The food was barely passable and the waitress was a snob. She was more focused on flirting with the cook than serving us. The tacos are okay...but the guacamole and salsa are TERRIBLE. The queso is decent, but our "frozen" margaritas were half melted by the time we were served. Heads up...the monday "complimentary margarita" is only 1 type and they will charge you if you want it frozen. I'll go somewhere else next time.
I was here for Cinco de Mayo and had a great time. The drinks were a good deal for their size and strength. The inside was a nice space to hang out with friends, though it was a little loud. I didn't make it to the Tiki bar area outside (it took a long time just to get in the place) but have heard it's a good time. The pros: Good drinks, fast service, nice atmosphere, good location and good crowd. The cons: the long wait to get in, dirty bathrooms and the fact that it took forever to get a taxi when the bar closed, thanks to its prime midtown location.
Being a college student in Gainesville, the location of this restaurant is perfect! Also, with the crazy gas prices the location in perfect as well! It's nice to just be able to walk across the street after I'm done with class and enjoy some of the lunch specials. I especially like the Taco Salad. It's a classic dish that 101 Cantina executes perfectly. I will definitely take my family and friends here in the near future.
I love Mexican food and needed to find a good restaurant when I moved to Gainesville. I went to Cantina with my mom and the food was delicious! She also got a margarita which she enjoyed. Our waiter was friendly and we didn't have to wait for a table. But, our food did take awhile to come out. Other then that it is a fun atmosphere and had good quality food and drinks.
