Parking was tough, but that was probably because it was game day. The mall layout is a bit confusing and doesn't flow great.  There is a good assortment of stores and was pretty clean(including the bathrooms).
This mall has your usual lower-tier department stores (Macy's, JCPenney, Belk) as well as typical smaller stores. There is no Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus here. Can't even find a pair of Ecco shoes here. In this college town, this mall is sufficient enough. This mall has seen its days and is actually very mundane. The only positive about this mall is, if you don't like crowds when shopping, come here. This mall seems empty compared to other malls I have been to, even on the weekends.
It's a mall!!!  Layout is ok with a few anchor stores but has a lot of change in other stores. Parking can be a pain as well as access to the mall. Large food court with ample seating. Can get very crowded as most malls. Hate going to the mall but go to shop at some of the anchor stores they have there.
I usually stop in to kill some time while I wait for an old friend to get off work when I am in town for a visit. It's a very large mall, meaning, it's very sprawled out and kind of confusing. It carries the typical teen clothing shops like Gigi's and Forever 21, Rue 21,  Wet Seal... etc. It's okay, but not AMAZING. The biggest complaint I have is the food court. They had these awesome artist inspired dining tables which has now been replaced with ugly basic and wobbly tables. AND I F*CKING hate the fact that the food court has Abercrombie and Fitch smack dab in the center. I can't really enjoy eating my lunch without having the smell of putrid A&F cologne infused store waft to the opposite side of the food court. It's disgusting. They need to move A&F or tell A&F to stop spraying their colognes  every hour as if it's a room air freshener.   Just disgusting. I left the mall with a niggling migraine because of THAT offensive odor.
Not a mega mall but cute mall, has most of what you need. A huge Forever21, major retailers are all here. Very spread out. There is a kiddy train ride (fits adults too), that goes thru a portion of the shopping area for $3 a person. There is also a children's play area inside, in front of Sephora, near GAP. The  food court has the best smoothies anywhere made by Red Mango. Get a frequent buyer's card. There is a Starbucks as well. Very clean, looks better than expected from the outside.
Its a mall, with typical mall stores... But, this is Gainesville and shopping is generally of the college student type. Unlike many malls, this one seems to be weathering the economic downturn better than most, as long as you overlook the gigantic dead space where Linens-N-Things was. This mall will probably survive until something newer comes along - like the proposed epic expansion of Butler Plaza. When that happens, the generally mediocre nature of this place will probably doom it to obsolescence.
Call me a Spoiled California Kid, but this place is...decent at best.  And I'm being generous. This place HAD a Tilt Arcade with In The Groove 2, but sadly it was removed (-1 Star, website stated it was still there. FAIL).  As a matter of fact, there was a LOT of boarded up places here.  The food court was confusing since it had retail stores wedged inbetween food places.  Which seemed really stupid.  Also a personal pet peeve, all the trashcans were on one side of the food court.  NOT near the food places.  Made no sense to me, especially if you aren't going towards those shops. Shop selection was okay.  Nothing stood out.  Very garden variety.  Maybe if I show up again I'll take a better look, but I wasn't terribly impressed.
The Oaks Mall is a limited mall. Ther are a few stores and they range in price range. As the only indoor mall in Gainesville, it has a hook on the market. There are several department stores, a food court, several chain stores, many jewelers, some small local stores, a hair salon, kiosks, and Gator gear amongst it all. The variety of stores is alright. I am not overly excited about this mall though. There are many stores, that have recently opened, including Sephora, a running shoe store that also has some work out gear, Franchesca's and various others. Cansidering the location there is a pretty good variety and in a pinch this mall would do but do not go in expecting something like in a city.
Our 1 and only indoor mall in gainesville Nothing good nothing bad just an average mall
My friend and I stopped at the mall to try and buy a Gator tank top but couldn't find any! We ended up having lunch which needless to say there was very little selection of what to eat so we settled for Chick fil aid. Tables were nasty and bathrooms were yucky. Not so much of a nice mall lol.
I haven't been here in quite some time. I went to UF in the mid to late 90's. The mall seemed so much better back then. I guess I'm used to larger malls with better selections now. Don't get me wrong, I've seen worse than this one. The food court was super small. I think with a half dozen places to choose from. And being busy, all of the tables were dirty. And the restrooms were pretty dirty as well.  My main reason for stopping in was for my friend to find a Gator shirt before the game. I was shocked at how many stores didn't have any! What?? So we left without buying anything except lunch. Oh well.
The Oaks Mall is a pretty standard mall for a medium-sized southern city: it compares to malls such as the Oglethorpe Mall in Savannah or Peachtree Mall in Columbus, Georgia. The anchor stores are Dillards, Macy's, JC Penny's, Belks, and Sears. The mall was opened in 1978 and has been remodeled  numerous times since then. You'll find the standard mall stores here: PacSun, Journey's, Express, Hollister, Banana Republic, Abercrombie and Fitch, Champs, Finish Line . . . and probably a lot I never much notice since I don't shop there (such as women's fashion stores). A Sephora store is a new addition as of May of note at the Oaks. To those who say the Oaks pales in contrast to large malls in south Florida, Orlando, or Tampa, consider this: it's a regional mall in a college town. We are not Orlando or Tampa or Miami. And honestly, if you compare the Oaks to say, the Mall at Millenia in Orlando, what does Millenia have which we lack? A Neiman-Marcus and a Bloomingdales and a lot of really upscale stores like Chanel and Tiffany's. Once you get past the really high-end stores, Millenia, as beautiful as it is, has stores like Hollister and Finish Line too. I love shopping at Millenia or Tampa's International Plaza but you cannot expect a town Gainesville's size to support shops like Chanel or Cartier. Seriously. If you want high-end fashion, do like my boyfriend and I do and drive to Orlando now and then. If you're a South Florida kid, wait to be home in Miami and go shopping. There have been ample times I wish the Oaks had more, but you simply cannot expect such for the demographic it serves. With shops like Indigo (fashion jeans and such . . . brands like Sevens and William Rast) you can find some very stylish stuff now at the Oaks. And I am thrilled we have our own Sephora now!
Okay well this mall has improved some.  There is now a Macaroni Grill attached which I do enjoy after I've worked up an appetite shopping. And there are quite a few new stores - Ann Taylor Loft, Banana Republic, White House Black Market, Build-A-Bear, Linen n' Things, Forever 21 (is coming soon), and there is a new store that sells Vera Bradley in the mall.  Also many of the tried and true stores have gotten makeovers so they are looking much better.  Overall the mall since I came to Gainesville 6 yrs ago has improved vastly.  Plus it is the only mall in the area! :-)
Wow. Why such disdain for the Oaks Mall? I'm originally from South Florida, and even though the Oaks Mall is nowhere near comparable to mega-malls such as Sawgrass Mills, for a local town mall, it's well beyond decent. Down here in Coral Springs, the closest town mall we have is Coral Square Mall and it's half the size of the Oaks Mall, with some of the major stores (JCPenney, Victoria's Secret, Gap) being half the size they are in the Oaks Mall. I don't know many town malls that have a Sephora, Cache, Forever 21, and a Banana Republic (my town mall has none of those), but they're all at the Oaks Mall. My town mall didn't get a Wet Seal until about a year ago, and yet the Oaks Mall has had one for years. Some people are complaining about the empty space left by Linens-N-Things, but that store was as big as a Bed, Bath and Beyond, and most traditional mall stores wouldn't be able to fill such an ample space. When I lived in Gainesville for my undergrad at UF, I definitely preferred going to this mall than my own town mall. Now that I've graduated and moved away, I kinda miss it. :(
It is the type of mall that makes you appreciate the malls in bigger cities. This mall might be fine if you're a transportation challenged college student but otherwise make the trip somewhere else.
When I visited Gainesville my friend brought me here to shop and I was pretty disappointed, it took basically no time to get across the who the whole mall, even the Westshore Mall in Tampa, which I previously thought to be one of the smallest malls has this mall beat to the ground. Oh well, I'm glad that I don't live in Gainesville and have better choices. I feel sorry for the people who do and have such little places to shop. You would think they would have a super mall since you're so far away from everything, but I guess not.
I'm from a college town in NC, so this mall seems really nice to me!  It has a pretty good selection of stores... a really new one is called Cotton On, which originated in Australia, so I am super excited that it's here now!  They have a nice food court (chik-fil-a being my favorite) and an awesome play area for the kids!  Not to mention the other nice stores like Sephora, Payless, Victoria's Secret, and the Motherhood Maternity store.  Overall I think that they have a great selection of stores, and it's a fun place to take the kids if it's too late or nasty outside for the park!
Its the only mall in the UF-Gainesville area so there isn't any other option for shopping. Its a small shopping mall but it has most of the stores college students would go to.
This mall seems huge.  It's very nice and clean.
Its above your average mall. It was very crowded but I guess this is the main mall in Gainesville. Its right off the Interstate so if you need to rest and walk this would be a great place to do so.
I am from Ocala so this is one step up lol. I would rather shop in Orlando but it was a different view and helped kill some time and buy some things :)
A lame mall overall, but if you need to check on the latest Express, Limited, Gap, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Hollsters inventory, this is the nearest place to find those.
why do all malls smell the same?
Literally, I could not wait to escape Gainesville due to the terrible shopping. If you don't mind being another Abercrombie/ Hollister clad flip-flop wearing drone, eat your heart out. But if you are actually looking for inspired fashion that isn't disposable Forever 21 fast fashion, then you better pack up your moving van. The mall itself isn't bad, but the lack of any decent merchandise selection completely overshadows that. When you are two hours away from alternatives, you would think the nicest store in the mall would be better than Coach. This town desperately needs some better shopping, because I am sick of seeing people run around town thinking sneakers, exercise shorts, and t-shirts are acceptable attire. It's not, unless you are working out, and you should change before you leave the gym. Get it together Gainesville; you disappoint me.
If you plan to take your lovely children to see Santa at this mall don't bother! A new "company" is now in charge and complete jerks when it comes to interaction with the kids. We were not greeted warmly, tersely told that if we wanted to snap our own candid photo that we had to buy a package. Every year the canned photo looks terrible and nothing I would want to keep. My candids always come out great and we would spend time in the mall and grab a coffee or buy a treat or whatever. Not now, that place has gotten where it is no longer a fun experience for the kids. There were no signs or warnings about a change in the rules or company etc. Even if we didn't want to snap a photo, they were still offish and rude because we happened to have a camera. I am guessing it had to be guilt about working for such a crappy company. Dear Oaks Mall, next year we will drive right on by, heck I would rather drive to Lake City than go through that again.
