The Bat House has to be one of the best free entertainments in Gainesville! I finally came to see the bats fly out at sunset, and I was not disappointed! I think they number somewhere in the thousands and it seems they all fly out at once, some swooping close to your head. Pretty neat experience. A must for any Gainesville visitors or residents. Did I mention it's free?
At sundown, the bats come out, like clockwork.  It's awesome!  What else can you say?  They even have 2 little houses with bat symbols on them, where the bats live.  We got there half an hour before sundown to get some of the few park bench seats.  But really, if we go again in the future, we will get there later: you can enjoy it just as much standing.  And it's FREE! The only drawback is the parking: if you go on a weekday, the University of Florida security officers will ticket your car for parking in their lots (it is UF property).  So go on a weekend when parking is open to everyone and free. It's a great place to take your girl for a walk.  The trees and pond there are just beautiful.  Then the bats will add a nice goth touch to your date.  I would not advise making this a main attraction for your day, but more of a sideshow to the gorgeous nature trail in the area, if you happen to be near there near sundown.
Awesome! Incredible to view. A few red tail hawks enjoyed an easy meal as the bats exited the houses. Plenty of parking 90 meters (100 yards) from the two huge houses. Plenty of viewing area off Museum Road.
Check out Batman's buddies! For FREE entertainment, this is pretty cool. An odd experience unto its own. Come here 20 minutes before the sun sets (I cheated and found the estimated sunset time on weather.com. Lol.) You will not be disappointed. According to the website, there are 100,000 bats in here. Whoa! But at dusk, they don't look like bats at all. Rather, they come out like a flowing stream of water flying to the heavens -- for at least 8 minutes, the stream did not stop! Just flowing towards the sky, exiting from all four sides of the open building structure where they sleep at daytime. And they look like birds, not bats! Simply unreal. I am putting this on my to-do-again list when I return here with my son. I'm sure he would enjoy it. I know I'll definitely remember it. This bat house is located across from Lake Alice on Museum Rd, between Radio Rd and Corry Circle. You can park in the parking for the Student Agricultural Gardens area.
I grew up in Gainesville and drove by the Bat House plenty of times, but ever stopped to see them come out at night.  Thanks to Julie A.'s review, I have finally been able to attend and appreciate this little Gainesville weirdness for the first time with my family.  I was not able to get any good photos of it happening, but it does go on for a long time.   The bats come out in a constant stream for over 10 minutes and fly over Lake Alice.  We went on a Saturday night, so it was pretty crowded with people, but we were able to park.  The sign says that there are over 500,000 bats in the small house, which I did not believe at first.  But, once I sat there and watched them just keep coming out over a long period of time I realized that it might be even more than the original count.  They are very small like black puffs with tiny wings, and they are insect eating. There was only one hawk out there that waits for the bats to come out, so he can eat them.  So, when you see the hawk perch on the fence underneath the house you know that they are about to fly out.
Even if you're not really night creature type of person, this is still something you should experience. Every day, when the sun sets, thousands upon thousands bats fly out from their bat house to roam Gainesville to find smaller night creatures to eat. Not gonna lie, it's kind of creepy because of the sounds they make and how close they seem to be... It's kind of stinky too because you can smell the guano... Yes, eww -- but like I said, still a cool experience.
it is pretty awesome for kids and adults. everybody likes it. simple, educational, free. Parking on campus is typically free after 5 or so. very nice 30 min evening activity.
Super cool!
