Been a member since March of 2011 and have really enjoyed the experience. The small gym atmosphere is really nice to someone new to exercise and weight training. Sometimes large centers can be very overwhelming. Having been to the main center I can def say that these machines are newer and better cared for. Especially the TV's...the individual TV's at the main center are half static most of the time. Not so here. The weight circuit is very hit or miss. Overall I would say I've had a good experience but the girl's helping with the circuit are not always proactive with encouragement, adjustment of weights, correcting technique, etc. Sometimes they will have you do a special exercise on the machine really pushing you to your limit. It would be nice if I could get that every week but so far it's only happened twice. I've gone many times using a machine a certain way until eventually I am corrected. It would have been nice to get the correction the first, second, or third time using the machine!....especially since the girls are standing right there watching you do the exercise. I can always tell how much expertise I will receive by who is working. Get a feel for when your favorite girls are working and only go in during those times if you want a really good and helpful experience. I really like the card system they use with the weights; it really gives you a goal and sense of achievement when you move on to the next card and can learn new machines. I also enjoy looking at my first card and seeing how far I've come! Facility is really clean, the locker room is more than adequate, and the air temperature is pleasant. For whatever reason...every time I'm here my Yelp app won't let me check in and insists I am "too far away". Annoying to say the least, but not the fault of the business.
Ive reviewed this place before, but times have changed. Ive lived in G-ville since 2007.  Ive gone to this gym during a week pass that Ive once 2x and Ive paid for a day or 2.  Each time Ive gone, Ive wanted to like it, at least for what they are offering versus their rates. Recently, theyve done some remodeling and the optimist in me thinks that it was worth another shot.  Today, 1-10-14, I took the opportunity to help a friend out on how to do a deadlift that goes there.  Small payment to him for a peek at the remodel.   WELL.  A guest is allowed 7 LIFETIME passes.  7.  Seven for LIFE.  I stood there asking..what does this mean?  I was blown away, my common sense being the main target, I just couldnt understand this headache.  They ran my ID and the records indicated that I had not been there since 2011.  They said I would have to speak to a fitness counselor at this point.  Why. We then left and went to Powerhouse and I got my friend in there.  ZERO PROBLEM. I have no recent information on the rates, but from what I can remember, there was an activation fee over $100 and it came to $52 a month with tax.  It is 24hrs, BUT it is not 365 days a year.  I recently noticed this as PowerHouse has the same deal, at $20 a month, but I was able to work out during the holidays, leaving my friend without a place to workout.  I shouldve offered then! These were the rates BEFORE the remodel, so I cant imagine them decreasing in price, so it is either the same or higher.  Before the remodel, the equipment was not state of the art, it was not brand new, and many of the machines, dumbbells, and benches carried rust.  You were not allowed to do certain lifts, there were not specialty equipment available (kettlebells, tires, etc), and there was not much open space.  To be clear, I have not seen the remodel, because of the Nazi regime they have guarding the gates, but rumor has it, they have kettlebells for people to use WITHOUT trainers and even a powerlifting area available (though there is always a line). Someone called this place a YMCA.  Thats exactly right, only its doubled the price.  When I think of an activation fee and $52 a month, I picture having 24hrs, 365 days a year, brand new machines, plenty of safe free ranging areas, and MOST IMPORTANTLY, additions that no other gym has to offer.  They do have a pool  They do have classes.  They do have the highest number of cleaning personnel ever seen in any gym.  However...  I only want to use the weight room and cardio equipment.  I do not require these other knick knacks, so why charge me for it?  Is there tanning there yet?  I pay extra at Powerhouse for that and it still doesnt exceed $50. Parting shot, this place has always given me a headache with prices and their stubborn lack of negotiating rates.  They did not offer enough substance to justify the cost and now, you can only try the place 7 times.  To be perfectly honest, if there were drastic changes to the facility that I would completely enjoy, then perhaps the risk outweighs the reward, but because of this Customer Hateful policy, I simply cannot change my mind nor my disgust for the people or, more to the point, OWNER, of this establishment. Ladies and Gentlemen, at those rates, you gotta be surprised I gave it that many chances to change my mind.
I was a member 2002-2008 until I moved for work to another state. Loved the place when it was on my way to work at UF. Of gyms I have been to, this one is better than most, but you have to be there during off times. It could use an Olympic pool, and a bit more privacy and hygiene in the locker rooms. What I dislike? Moving back to the area, I was interested in rejoining at my old conditions, mainly because I do not know how long I will get to be in the area, and because it seems only fair to pick up where I left. They did not want to honor my previous pay plan at a reasonable month to month rate, and wanted for me to enter another lengthy contract starting where I started in 2002. No thank you.
GHFC for Women (Thornebrooke Village next to new Chopstix Cafe) I got my membership when I was 17 and have been going off and on for the last decade. Now I'm a mom with a baby to think about and approaching the whole leaving-baby-in-the-nursery (Kid's Club) idea was causing me major anxiety! I tried it last week for the first time, all while hopping off elliptical several times to go peek in window to make sure baby was okay. They allowed me to bring my own pack n play (baby jail) and/or stroller inside (yes, I am one of those moms) and the staff even offer to feed the babies if they cry. They do not do diaper duty, however :D I can't say that I blame them. To my amazement they  have multiple lists of daily cleaning and toy sterilizing they do in the Kid's Club. Each individual toy is cleaned, including the bean bag chair covers, regularly. They do not have any small, easy-to-choke-on toys either. A+++++ Yes, gym is small, but that's what I LOVE about it. You don't have to go all over the place looking for certain machines, stability balls or free-weights. It has been renovated in the last year or so, so locker room/bathroom area is nice. Sis works out at Tioga and she says there is a channel on the TV on the cardio machines that is actually a live shot of the Kid's Club, so you can actually watch your baby on the monitor and see what he or she is up to! Cool.
Love this gym, great staff.  I feel that I am more that just a number or a face here,  they know my NAME.  I really appreciate that!
I really love exercising at the Women's Center in Thornebrook.  It's clean and I can always find a parking spot, machine or space in a class.  They are friendly and my daughter likes the kids club.  It can sometimes be an effort to get to the gym so I really appreciate that it's so easy to exercise once I arrive.
This is the Gainesville Health and Fitness Center for Women, located in the Thornbrooke Center.  A much smaller facility than the main one on Newberry, but still nice.
By far my favorite gym. It got me motivated to work out more often because I love it so much. I signed up for the 2-year the first day I went there just because I truly believe that it is the best place to go to. The people there, the environment, the classes...everything. It's the best!
I give this gym an A-Ok only because it's the only decent one in Gainesville, it seems like. I've been a member for 5 years, beginning when I was in undergrad. In undergrad, it was a great alternative to the student gyms which were unreliable and often crowded not offering personalized attention and good classes (the classes were often taught by students). However, at GHFC, the main gym has outdated treadmills upstairs, is HOT, often packed, unmotivating music (circa 1970's), little area to set up your own space if you like to circuit train/weight lift on your own and in the pool area, never has enough lanes to swim. It often is filled with disgusting old, fat people so if you're in to motivation, this isn't the place for you. The Tioga town center location is much better - with newer equipment, better music and in general, a "cleaner" and more roomy atmosphere. However, there is often a wait for the machines, the music channel station always is acting up, and is hot. Biggest pet peeve - I've taken classes at Tioga taught by overweight teachers - how am I supposed to be motivated if you're out of shape yourself? If you're going to personal train, do it with Darlene - she's awesome and the bosu guru. She'll kick your ass, but she's certainly the best thing to happen to the GHFC, other than their must needed women's restroom renovations in the main center.  As far as the women's center goes, where the heck is it? I can never find the place.
First off, this is not a rating of the facility itself; rather it is a rating of the owners' relentless attempts to collect YOUR money. Before signing a multiyear contract with this club make darn sure that your financial position will not change during the contract period. My wife and I joined without giving much thought to the "what if" factor of one of us being out of work for an extended period of time. I have been unable to obtain employment for over a year now and am unable to collect unemployment compensation. Needless to say every month is a struggle on one income. Having said that, I can tell you that should you find yourself in the same position after joining this club, the cheery smiles from staff that you encountered while joining will suddenly turn into unsympathetic threats of a law suit if you don't "pay up"...  buyer beware.  One more item, a real slap in the face if you will, after months of juggling to keep afloat and the threatened court summons from being hand delivered, I read that the owner gave a free summer month membership to local teens. Isn't that nice... I am sitting here  wondering what to go without every month in order to keep the wolfs from blowing down my door and they extend free memberships to local teens.... I am waiting for the day that my neighbor whose son took advantage of that deal comes up to me and pats me on the back with a hearty "thanks a lot for my sons' GHF membership"
