Pros: Food is fresh, deliciously prepared. I've never had a meal here that I didn't enjoy. Atmosphere is comfortable. Cons: Servers are generally friendly and efficient. However, we were there today and the young lady who was acting as "hostess" wrote down our names and was less than welcoming, not even a smile. Customer service is as important as the food. There are lots of restaurants in Buffalo.
Just got here but the lady at the front was so nice that you just know this place is great.
If you live in Buffalo and haven't heard about Betty's, you must be living under a rock.  Although Betty's is most famous for their delicious brunch, in the past couple years they have really focused on catering to all different meals.  A couple years ago they underwent a masterful renovation and now have a beautiful, fully-stocked bar.  (THANK YOU for not having a TV at the bar!!) Since most people talk about their brunch, let me comment on their lunch.  This has to be my favorite lunch place for those days when I want something a little further from the office and I have the time to spare. Today I stopped in on one such day.  I ordered off their special menu: fish tacos for $11.  The meal came with two tacos, each containing a sizable tilapia filet with Cajun seasoning.  The fish was hot, fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Also on the tacos were avocados, corn salsa and cabbage.  Fantastic combination.  No condiments (i.e. tartar sauce) was needed, which left the entire meal tasting very fresh.  It was accompanied by a side salad.  I opted for their house-made miso salad dressing which was heavenly. I ended the meal with coffee (excellent) and a huge chocolate chip cookie. Service was very friendly, professional and prompt. I can't think of one bad thing to say about this place.  Never once have I been disappointed.  Well-deserving of 5 stars in my book.
One of the main reasons I miss living in the city of Buffalo! I use to come here every Sunday and order the chilaquiles (Mexican hangover cure) along with a poinsettia (cranberry juice, champagne and a lime) and then onto their AMAZING house made Bloody Mary's. They also have the best vegan breakfast around, the tofu has is out of this world. The atmosphere is amazing and it's such a wonderful place to go eat!
We went here for breakfast. I liked hash browns. My boyfriend got breakfast lasagna but he was disappointed as he couldn't taste the eggs that was suppose to b in it. We really wanted the berry French toast but they were out of it. Apparently it's the thing to get when u go
Betty's was hyped to me before I moved into the neighborhood.  Within walking distance, I thought - "Wonderful!  I have somewhere to go for a great meal when I'm indecisive and want to take myself for a date!" I have been about 4 times, for various meals, and have left underwhelmed and hurting in my wallet afterwards.  Perhaps it's because I'm a vegetarian, but the veggie options are insanely overpriced.  A Shepherd's Pie is actually quite cheap without meat, so the upcharge of it must be huge.  And when I ordered it, it tasted like they threw some veggies in a crust and baked it - without seasoning and thinking about how they all go together. The best part of my meals here has always been the bread and butter.  That butter's pretty awesome. But other than that, the food is bland and overpriced. I feel like the regular clientele goes to Betty's for the atmosphere more, especially for a nice homey restaurant in Allentown.  The staff is all wonderful and friendly, but something seems off about it - or insincere. I would recommend trying this place if a relative is coming in and buying you food - but otherwise, I'd wait until restaurant week to get a discounted price if you'd like to try it.  Vegetarian options are limited, though more diverse than most places.  Otherwise, this place is too pricey for the kinds of food it serves.
This is the PERFECT restaurant for me!  The setting is cozy yet bright.... everyone who works here is friendly AND competent...... the menu has great choices.... and the "vibe" (do people still say that?) is AMAZING!   Two of us had an early dinner here last night before heading to a lecture (this gal loves to learn!).  Immediately upon entering I felt at home.  We were greeted warmly and brought right to our table (and, no.... we weren't the only ones there, even at that early-bird hour).  Upon looking at the menu (and drink menu) we both were delighted at all of the choices.  GREAT appetizers, salads, entrees, "classics", and sandwiches.  AND, there's a wonderful balance of both vegetarian and "meaty" choices in every category.  Gotta love that! I started with a happy glass of Beaujolais Nouveau.  And then me.... the gal who rarely eats meat chose one of the nightly specials.......wait for it......wait for it....... "Pepper Crusted Flank Steak".  YUP!  It sounded so good, and perhaps I was feeling a bit iron deficient.... but even with all of those yummy sounding salads, veggie risottos, veggie "yumwiches", and black bean and rice kinda choices my eyes kept coming back to that on the menu. A fantastic salad (or choice of soup) was served with my meat.  Mixed greens topped with marinated red onions, carrots, cucumbers, radishes, tomatoes, sprouts and sunflower seeds.  Super fresh and topped with one of the house-made dressings (creamy lemon garlic herb for me), it was the perfect beginning to my meal.  And bread with a yummy whipped herb butter was brought to the table.   When my entree was served it looked like a work of art!  Perfectly cooked slices of peppery beef (and LOTS of 'em) were arranged with love atop of pureed creamed turnips (!!) and along side of a sauteed onion salad with a lemony aioli.  The flavors were PERFECTLY BALANCED. We were too rushed to even ask for the dessert menu..... but luckily there were some lovely choices in the display case that I noticed as we walked out the door.  Oh Gingerbread Cupcake with Cream Cheese Frosting AND Candied Ginger Cookie:  We have a date for later, my friends :-)
One of the first places my husband and I went when we moved to Buffalo. Right off of Allen Street, Betty's is quaint on the outside and adorable on the inside. They have rotating art on display which is a nice treat! The food is very yummy- especially the breakfast. The coffee is delicious and they usually have French toast casserole of some sort as a special- they are delicious. I've also gotten a few of the dinner entrees like the meat loaf and the burrito. They aren't cheap but they are VERY yummy. The cocktails are also delicious, I recommend the Widow's Web!
I went here twice; once for brunch and once for lunch. The food was good but not OMG I have to go here all the time. I would say this place is good for a once in awhile fix. The prices are fine for the food variety and atmosphere. My husband didn't like his food but my friends really liked their food. I would go here again but Im not rushing to get down there.
As one famous historic American said, "this is the place!" If you've not been to Betty's, then you need to get yourself over there. If you have, well it's time to go back! It is a Buffalo institution. The food is fine, the coffee is good, and best of all, it is in the city.
Delicious food for a great price! Love the menu, so many healthy offerings but also comfort food offerings. Such a breath of fresh air compared to the usual Buffalo lunch spots. I had the soup and sandwich. Chicken apple soup was delicious, I could have had 2 more cups! Had an excellent pesto tomato mozzarella sandwich with it and it was just perfect!
I dislike Betty's. I dislike the food, I dislike the wait-staff and, most of all, I dislike the poodle-headed owner. I don't, however, dislike breakfast. In fact, I love breakfast. My father, a kind-man with exquisite tastes, taught me how to appreciate a good breakfast. Nothing beats a good breakfast, he'd say, and well, we'd all chortle in agreement. This one's for you, Dad. Let your light shine on me! But oh, i'm digressing. Here's the long and short of it, gov'nur: I: I know how to eat breakfast. I know how a breakfast restaurant should conduct itself. So take a note, poodle-head, this charming little review may finally convince one of your dis-satisfied customers to take the clippers to your excessively filthy blond mane: -A breakfast restaurant should not chase its customers down the block hollering that they "didn't pay for their breakfast" because the pigeon-headed waitress misplaced the credit card receipt. Luckily, we had the copy of our signed bill!  Stuff it , Betty's. I'll never let you chase me or my niece down the block again. Strike one. -The owner of a breakfast restaurant should not tell its customers that they make him "very unhappy" when said customers ask to divide up a check. Wednesday morning is not Sunday morning. Three customers in a restaurant on a lonely Wednesday morning does not constitute an unreasonable task. You can't split the check for a party of 2, you dolt? Maybe I should split you in two, poodle-head! (just kidding!).  Strike two! -A breakfast restaurant should not, finally, grow ornery when there is sausage is in my vegetarian omelet. Thank god I didn't put the fowl flesh in my mouth. They refused to compensate me for their mistake. I particularly desired compensation, as I had blown all my money on a pair of pin-stripped slacks the night before. Anyway, I sat in silence as I watched my party indulge in their breakfasts. I had nothing. I would have settled for apology--or, at the very least, a few words of encouragement. I STILL remember how hungry I was that day. Strike Three. Dave Winfield swings and misses. Avoid Betty's. Avoid the humiliation. Avoid the rotten food! Avoid the rotten Service. Object, refuse, reject  abuse!
Things you should know: I am a huge breakfast fan. Breakfast is generally the highlight of my weekend. As I have mentioned in other reviews, in Portland (Oregon, to clarify) where I am from, breakfast is a big deal. It's an event. People are willing to A)get up really early after a long night of drinking or B)willing to stand in line for an hour+ just to eat some places. Betty's was the first place I ever went to when I arrived in Buffalo. I drove in late the night before, got some sleep, then got up the next morning and asked where a good breakfast spot was. I was directed to Betty's, so my traveling partner and I headed that way. That first day I had the egg's benedict. As a rule I only order things which I probably couldn't make myself at home, and since I have no ability to poach an egg or make hollandaise sauce, it gets my vote a lot of the time. It was delicious. I ate every single bite. Since then, I have ordered probably half the brunch menu. I have never been disappointed. One thing I do find strange (and this is true of Buffalo, in general) is the lack of hash browns on menus here. Everyone does homefries instead. Those can be rather hit or miss for me, but Betty's has consistently pleased me with theirs. Someday I'm sure I'll give it a shot for lunch of dinner, but honestly, they do breakfast so well, why would I want to miss out?
Awesome breakfast, cool atmosphere, very friendly staff. Fresh ingredients, homemade bread even. Wonderful.
Holy F'in A! This is my favorite brunch spot in Buffalo. They have excellent vegetarian options for us veggie lovers, and everything is just phenomenal. Luckily their menu is small, about two pages: one side for regular menu items and the other side for specials. If it were any longer it would have taken me an hour to order because it was already so hard to decide. Everything looked soooo good! I ordered some the Scrambled Tofu Hash: tofu fried with caramelized onions, sweet potatoes, roasted red peppers and black beans; served with grilled pita bread (vegan) or grilled corn bread and Betty's home fries I really felt like ordering it for the corn bread more than anything else. It's weird. I usually don't like corn bread because it's always so dry (supposedly it's dry so that you can scoop up sauce, but couldn't it be just a little moist?), which is weird because I always order it to try it. I guess I just like the idea of it more than the taste, but luckily this corn bread was AMAZING! Probably the best corn bread I've had in a long time, and I used it to scoop up all that beany saucey goodness. Yum! Yum! Yum! The only thing I didn't care for is that it tasted very Tex-Mexy, and I don't like that flavor. But reading it off the menu, it didn't sound very Mexicany. I think it was the fact that it had spice in it, which I just wasn't in the mood for. Personally, I would prefer they let you know it has spice in it, or just not have it in, and you can put spice in on the side. I wasn't craving spicy, so thus I was a little disappointed. But the corn bread made up for that. They also have really good pastries! We split a Vanilla Pecan scone and it was awesome! I just wish they had muffins. My gosh! Please serve muffins, I would buy them in a heartbeat. Also, fall is coming just around the corner, and if I could have a pumpkin muffin, it would give me even more reason to come here! I seriously can't wait to go back. It's soooooooo good and I want to try everything on the menu at least once!
In a word - delightful! Caught Sunday morning brunch here, and it was perfect.  Betty's is a cute, colorful space oozing with character.  Our group of 8 walked in to a packed house, and we were told it would be about a half hour wait.  However it was no longer than 15 minutes before we were seated - nice.  Our waitress, a young girl w spunky personality, got our waters and coffees quickly.  When she found out our friend (with us) was getting married later that afternoon, began bubbling with genuine excitement over it, telling the other waitstaff excitedly and asking us all about the details of the wedding.  It was cute. The brunch menu was not especially large, but nearly every item looked delicious!  Most of Betty's ingredients are organic, fresh, and local.  I settled on a chorizo omelette with homemade roasted potatoes.  I finished my plate and had not a single complaint about it - only wish I had a bigger stomach and could have sampled some of the other items as well! Everyone in my group loved their breakfast.  Our waitress split our bill accurately and without complaint.  Despite every table in the place being full, we were able to get in and out with no delay. Seeings that we chose Betty's based on a quick Yelp search for a good brunch in Buffalo, I owe thanks to my fellow Yelpers once again for leading us in a great direction!
Been here multiple times and always enjoy the Tofu hash. My husband has had multiple things off the menu and liked everything he has had. It is not an intimate environment so if you wish to have one on one conversations, this isn't the place. During brunch its quite noisy.
Sometimes I feel as if Betty's is a little overrated.  There are things about it I love, and things I dont really care for.  I have only been there twice so I can't really judge too much, but based on those two dining experiences, I have to give it only three stars. A-OK!  Everybody is always raving about Betty's, but to me, there are many other places with better brunch food in Buffalo. I love the atmosphere of Betty's and the bathrooms were spacious, clean, and nicely decorated.  I am big stickler on the condition of a place's bathroom, hehe.  I feel like it is very telling about the rest of the joint especially in the realm of cleanliness.  The most recent experience I had wasn't bad.  I have to say, our server was very sweet, and kept my coffee mug always topped off.  However, my omelette was not that great at all.  I ordered it with onions, cheese and other veggies, and the onion ruined the entire thing.  It was slimy and the slices were very long and overpowered the whole omelette.  Other people may like it like this, but not me.  So, I ended up dissecting, and making a mess on my plate, trying to separate the onion.  The homefries were decent, and the toast was soft. The other time I went to Betty's I really liked my meal-- a breakfast burrito with black beans, egg, etc.  It was huge!  But, the server was not all that impressive.  He wouldn't smile, was very miserable acting, and seemed a little snooty.  No big deal, but hey, I was a server back in the day, and I cant help but be critical.  I mean come on, how hard is it to smile!  It goes a long way in my eyes.
I've only been to Betty's for the brunching hour, so my review is based on those meals alone.  I keep going back and even the worst meal I've had there (which I had today) still wasn't really "bad", just "not my taste". As previous reviews will attest, I like my eggs.  The cooks at Bettys know their eggs pretty well.  On top of that, they can do some cool stuff with them.  For example, I've had scrambled eggs on top of corn bread, topped with black beans.  I can't say I was thrilled by the corn bread, but the rest of it (eggs, beans, cheese, fresh salsa) was excellent. In all fairness, I don't even like corn bread.  It's one of those things I keep trying in case I suddenly find I do like it (I know, it's probably some sort of psychological issue). While the main dishes are usually pretty good, I can't stand the potatoes.  They are just wholly unimpressive diced spuds.  They're always either burned or just too dried out.  And they're noticeably bad because the entree is usually so good. In addition, Betty's is pretty much always packed.  And service can be spotty at times.  I think this is a case of a restaurant getting far too popular for the space it resides in.  I think they're working on expanding and I certainly hope it they get that finished soon.
A beautiful sunny evening with a cool breeze in the air and bicycles - seemingly everywhere - circling the corner at Betty's.  Inside, earthy warm country tones danced with bright accent colors and art tableau's bathed in sunlight. With such a relaxing atmosphere I couldn't wait to sample the menu. The house salad had fresh greens and bean sprouts and I added their balsamic vinegar reduction which was thick and rich and tasty. I sampled the Crab Vichyssoise soup and found the spices complete and balanced with a little teasing 'bite' in the finish. I chose the Trout Provencal for my entree. "Herb-roasted rainbow trout with lentils, summer squash, eggplant, red onion, roasted garlic and tomato broth."  The seasoned rub on the trout, which may have been only pepper and kosher or sea salt, was a perfect counter to the lentils and eggplant. The fish was prepared and was cooked perfectly.   Fresh bread, compound butter and, lastly, a smooth fresh cup of coffee to watch the colors of the setting sun. 4.8 stars but... if you add in server Taylor's nonplussed 5 star service... definitely 5 stars and a return trip. Thank you Betty's... I had a wonderful time too.
Betty's is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Buffalo. My husband and I have dined there many (many) times. From last minute meals to very special occasions, Betty's has never let us down. They always use fresh, local ingredients and a variety of vegetarian options. The environment is warm, laid back and the walls are covered in local art (for sale!). I love eating there on warm summer evenings where we can linger over a glass of wine out on the patio. Betty's features breakfast, lunch, blunch, brunch and dinner. With our schedules, we usually end up there for brunch and dinner. The brunch menu includes quite a few vegetarian options that range from different egg dishes (omelettes, quiche, benedicts, burritos)  to pancakes to my favorite, the Tofu Hash. The hash is a hearty meal;  it includes cubes of tofu sauteed with roasted red peppers, onions, black beans and sweet potatoes. It is served with home fries and a choice of cornbread or pita. I am not usually someone that will order the same thing every time but with this on the menu, I can't look at anything else. On the dinner side, vegetarians will be pleased with the number of options. One big draw for me is that Betty's ALWAYS have one vegetarian soup and one vegetarian entree featuring seasonal ingredients on their specials menu (that change each night). That almost never happens for me when dining out. I almost always order the special of the day but some other favorites include the Vegetarian Shepard's Pie, Roasted Vegetable Risotto and the Winter Squash Alfredo. If you haven't guessed already, I highly recommend Betty's. Go now!
This review is based on breakfast, solely. I moseyed on over to Betty's for breakfast by my little lonesome (because my boyfriend was too passed out from playing Call of Duty until four in the morning) and arrived at a quaint little place on Virginia and Elmwood.  The server put me in a quiet area near the bar, and because one of the cooks working there was a customer of mine, I asked if he would tell them hello from me.  The said cook came out and sat with me for a majority of my wait time, so I thought that was really neat and made the visit extra nice. For breakfast I had one of their specials and got the veggie burrito.  It had roasted veggies, scrambled eggs, jack cheese, sprouts and a side of sour cream and fresh pico de gallo.  I also had some nicely seasoned home fries.  The food was well made and incredibly delicious.  I had to take home half the burrito and half the home fries.  When I was a;most finished with my meal, the cook brought me out a little sample cup of the 'tofu hash' they make knowing I ate mostly vegetarian.  It was as good as he had described it. I would recommend Betty's for breakfast, definitely.  I have heard the weekends can get a bit crazy, but any weekday at 9 am seems to look good in there. Enjoy!
A little pricey at times, but really comfortable atmosphere and almost always delicious food. I was kind of bummed to not see steak & eggs on the Saturday "blunch" menu after talking up the meal so much to my husband. He went with a couple mimosas and Cajun shrimp & eggs he ended up enjoying it anyhow. Their turkey/bacon melt was surprisingly moist and tasty for a sandwich that can come out dry at other restaurants. They always have interesting soup options as well. Recently I ordered the butternut squash & sage soup but was given the golden apple chicken soup. I ate it anyhow because I almost ordered it in the first place. It was sweet and cinnamon-y but with some kind of kick. Not quite like any other soup I've had. It makes me comfortable trying pretty much any of their soups in the future.
I have never had anything bad here. I have been in a rut eating the beans and rice every time I visit since it is so darn yummy and it comes served with a perfect piece of corn bread.  I have to tell you that this night all four of us decided to get something off the specials menu. The food was all very good two people got the meatloaf. The meat and gravy could have been warmer besides that the food was all outstanding. We where so full we had desserts take home- delicious moist chocolatey Wacky cake rules.
My wife and I went to Betty's for the first time this last Saturday.  We arrived a little after 6 and were seated almost immediately.  The atmosphere was warm and inviting, and everyone was very friendly.  The waitress we had was exceptionally attentive and never seemed to pass by without asking if we would like anything. Being it is closing in on the Solstice (Xmas to you of the christian persuasion), I had an Anchor Steam Co Holiday on tap to start.  We had the Carrot and Turnip Fritters as an appetizers.  These were great, the best part of these was the Apple and Cilantro relish they were served with. I ordered the Winter Squash Alfredo and my wife the Vegetarian Shepard's Pie.  I have to agree w/ Coralie B., the alfredo was absolutely delicious and after my wife had a taste, she bartered the remainder of my plate in exchange for her Shepard's Pie.  Both were great, but the Alfredo was a step above.  I loved the delicate texture of the pasta and subtle warm squash and spice flavors.  I would order this again, a great cold weather dish. We had the Banana Chocolate Torte for desert, which wrapped everything up nicely.  We will definitely be returning to try the Brunch / Blunch and for dinner again.
So my sister and I decided to grab brunch in Buffalo before I flew back home to San Diego, and Yelp directed us to Betty's. I'm so glad it did. The staff is super sweet. They're definitely not quick, but we weren't really planning on rushing through Sunday brunch. The atmosphere is lovely...it's like having brunch at your mildly eccentric hippie-artist aunt's house. It's warm and friendly and totally inviting. We sat on the patio, since it was an unexpectedly warm morning, and it was perfect. Breakfast itself was amazing. My chicken hash was perfect...lust a little spicy, with perfectly cooked crispy chunks of potato and juicy chicken and oozing fried egg, and the cheddar cheese they added kicked it over the top. She had some blueberry bread pudding thing, and it was amazing...the tart juicy blueberries perfectly cut the sweet rich custard. Our coffee was rich and smooth and perfect...and endless. Score. I think pre-flight brunches at Betty's might be a new tradition.
Ahhh, nothin' like a great breakfast. I just had my first Betty's experience and it was quite positive. Two of us were seated immediately at noon on a Saturday; which I imagine is lucky. The decor is nice and home-y, and the service was friendly. My omelette and home fries were top-notch. My only complaint was that a few items on the menu...ones involving bacon...aren't available after noon. Why? Silly rule.
After hearing plenty of good things about Betty's, my boyfriend and I decided the restaurant for breakfast.  Let me tell you, we were NOT disappointed.   I tried the blueberry french toast casserole, which was as delicious as it sounds.  It was stuffed with cream cheese, and drizzled with a rhubarb glaze.  The casserole was moist, and the rhubarb glaze gave it a good zing, which helped break up the denseness.  Also, the serving size was perfect.  It was enough to fill you up, but not so much where you felt like you needed to be rolled out the door. My boyfriend had The Luv Sandwich, which is a bagel sandwich with cream cheese, salmon, bean sprouts, red onion, and served with home fries.  I didn't get to sneak a bite, because he polished it off in a hurry!   The ambiance of the restaurant is nice, and the waitstaff are very friendly and attentive.  I gave the restaurant 5/5 stars because the service was excellent, the menu was extensive and interesting, and the food was great.  We'll definitely be back!
Salmon Benedict was excellent and not too rich which is often the downfall with benedicts. Bloody Marys were good overall but could have used a little more spice. Nice shaded outdoor patio. Service was extremely good.
For a party of 20, Betty's reserved the back room for us and provided us with a $16 prix fixe menu (tax/tip included) where 15% of the proceeds went towards Sprouts, a UB student-run organization promoting healthy eating and building an on-campus farm.  We got to choose from either the turkey burger or the veggie "yummwich", both of which were served with a side salad and an assortment of cookies for dessert.  The burger was simple yet fresh and delicious and something I'd go back and order again even if I had the whole menu to choose from.  Prix fixe meals made in bulk are often rushed together and you can often tell but my burger was of the same quality I would've expected if I was a VIP and the only diner in the restaurant.  Thanks Betty's for the fundraiser and I'll be back for more! update: Vegan Tofu Hash = win.  French toast casserole = partial win.  Expected more cream cheese but it was well prepared. updatex2: The Chilaquiles is the best brunch item I've had here and surprising that no one has mentioned it yet.  A savory casserole of eggs, corn tortillas, tomatoes, onions, jalapeño's, zucchini and corn with cheddar/jack cheese; served with fresh tomato salsa, salsa verde, sour cream and black beans.
I've been to this great little place for lunch and Brunch a few times. If you haven't been here in a great while I just want to point out right now that they did remodel and all the hard work they put into this place shows. With that being said here comes my review of probably the best places for Sunday Brunch you can go in Buffalo, NY. First, I'll review the reason most people go here and what has put this place on the map in Buffalo more times than none, which is the Sunday Brunch. Sunday Brunch can get pretty packed here because of the amazing food and specials they give you for their brunch menu. The one day they do not take reservations is on Sunday Brunch so make sure that you go before you starve because, as I said everyone wants a crack at the brunch, and even though there is a decent amount of seating, everyone is thinking the same thing on a Sunday. While I was here I ordered Mickey's Casserole, and a glass of Mimosa. There are several options on drinks during brunch that can give you a late morning buzz if you tend to get silly (They even offer a "Make your own Mimosas" option, which to me is a dangerously fun choice! What this is a carafe of OJ and a bottle of either champagne or prosecco. You might be napping when you get home after this one folks!) The service wasn't as fast as the lunch experience I got, but when there is a full crowd I can only expect so much, and they did leaps and bounds better than a lot of other places that I have experienced over the years. Price was a little pricier than my lunch experience (see below) but the atmosphere and satisfaction was satisfactory as usual! Second, I'll review my experience for lunch. I was outside on the patio having lunch at a table with a nice umbrella in the shade on a beautiful day. The service was fast, friendly and the atmosphere is laid back and is a great place to take a small group of people out to catch up or to just relax and enjoy a good meal. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which comes with sauteed artichokes, spinach and Feta on a Kaiser roll with roasted garlic spread. The sandwich was a great size and all sandwiches come with a side salad as well which is a great healthy choice. I didn't opt in for the exchange in bun, but if you want you can get the gluten-free bread for a small upgraded price. If you think that sounds good go check out their entire lunch menu on their site and your mouth will be watering even more. The service was very attentive to my water guzzling needs, as I tend to drink a lot of water for some reason. Between the two of us we didn't spend more than 30 bucks and that's including the tip. I am a generous tipper so check out the prices on the menu yourself to get a feel for the prices and what may be a comfortable lunch price in your price range. You can also order appetizers which we didn't do either. We also didn't order any wine or beer either which will obviously add to your bill. Great experience A+ all around.
Food is fantastic. The atmosphere of this place is very chill. Only complaint I have is the waiter never checked on us once. But the foods so good I still give Betty's 5 stars
Used to come here all the time for dinner, and was slightly disappointed each time.  Something was always just a little bit "off" or not quite as good as it could have been.  Because of that, I'm loathe to order anything too creative on the menu. I've been back lately for lunch, and I do love their lunch food-excellent miso dressing, crunchy happy vegetabley sandwiches.  Things I hate, however (you knew this was coming): No free refills on brewed iced tea.  Come on, you charge me $3.75 for an iced tea that costs you approx. .25 to make, and I can't get a free refill? Ugh, thanks, I'll have another glass of water if you ever come around with refills.... Oh, the dreaded service.  It's disconcerting when you have to interrupt your waitress eating lunch to ask her to please serve you yours. And the presence of poodle-hair perm guy bugs me to no end!!
I really enjoyed this place. It's a bit far to walk to if you don't have a car, and you're staying downtown. (about 1 mile) but it's definitely worth it. Prices for their cleverly name BLUNCH, are around 9 to 12 range. I opted for the portobello panini which also came with a small cup of tasty cream of mushroom soup, which was very fresh. Service is a little bit lax at times, and it did take a while for the food to pop out of the kitchen, but the water & coffee people are on top of things.  Free refills with your $2+ cup of coffee. Some interesting seating in the carpeted bar area, which seemed more cozy than the hardwood floor tables in the back. If you only have 24 hours in Buffalo and need to settle on a good breakfast or lunch place, I'd make sure you give this place a try.
I have held off on doing a review of this restaurant for some time because I have been struggling with my opinion.  I do really enjoy this restaurant, I have been here a few times...mostly for Sunday Brunch.  I would like to give this restaurant four stars; however, there is something stopping me from doing that and I am having a difficult time coming up with what that might be. Both the bar and the dining areas have a very nice ambiance. Everything that I have tried has been very good.  Love the pancakes, the french toast casserole, and, of course, the Poinsettias (champagne & cranberry juice)! The wait staff has also been very good...quite accommodating, as a matter of fact.   So, what's stopping me from giving four stars? - It could be that those wonderful pancakes are $7, but I usually don't allow the slight over-pricing of items to be an issue if it is especially good.   - Maybe it is my sense that the atmosphere of the restaurant and its patrons strike me as almost too trendy, bordering on a caricature of themselves. - Or the slight annoyance of the inevitable menu item that has been sold out...always a heart-breaker. - Then again, I may just be spoiled by all of the great food that I find in the Buffalo area.  I swear, these reviews are becoming more and more difficult. One thing is for sure, I will keep taking my wishy-washy self back to Betty's until I can figure it out.
Betty's is a fantastic breakfast/lunch place in Buffalo, and the line out the door supports this. As some reviews have suggested, there is not a huge menu, but all the options are unique...like the Red Flannel Hash special that had corned beef and beats, or the portobello eggs benedict. The house toast is a 3 seed wheat with raisins and nuts. Nothing is typical, and that is why so many people enjoy eating here while others perhaps don't. The food is always fresh and tastes less greasy than other breakfast restaurants. The service is not lightning fast, but brunch is not supposed to be. The servers have always been polite, and I have been back several times over the last few years without a problem. The recent renovations have greatly improved the waiting foyer, which now includes a full bar with food service.
I had lunch here with a friend recently, and I should say we definitely enjoyed ourselves. The last time I remember being in here was 5 years ago, and there have been plenty of changes since, most notably the added space. Anyway, we were promptly seated, offered some drinks, and given menus. I was impressed by the fact that they print their daily specials on a separate paper, complete with the date on it. I dunno, but this somehow gives the impression that it really is up to date. We both ordered something where we substituted the salad for a cup of soup. I got the chicken quesadilla, which I paired with a cup of black beans and pulled pork soup. That was awesome. I have nothing to complain about with respect to my meal. The ambience of this restaurant is quite different: there's plenty of reds, which at some point challenged my masculinity and made me feel like being in a doll house, but hey, my masculinity can endure a little beating. I found the framed underwear in the washroom more amusing than creepy. In short, this place has personality, and for that reason, I think I like it. Overall, this is a great place for brunch, or blunch, as they call it. The interior is great, the food is amazing, and the staff is attentive.
I mainly venture to Betty's when I'm looking for a breakfast burrito or omelet, but have recently stopped by for a late lunch/early dinner and was pleasantly surprised. Most people on her review the breakfast, but I think one should also take note of the lunch and dinner selections as well. i had the grilled veggie wrap and it was delightful. Full of seasonal veggies, asiago cheese and a light lemon yogurt dressing. It was really delicious. My wife had a huge plate of rice and beans with cornbread that was also yummy. Like i said i usually stop by for breakfast. Black bean breakfast wrap, chorizo omelet, french toast casserole and wonderful eggs Benedict. great cup of coffee to boot. Beer and wine selection is not too shabby either. Will definitely be back.
My girlfriend and I went to Betty's for lunch for the first time the other day after spending the entire night before looking for "hip" and "cute" places to eat during her visit here from LA. Betty's atmosphere is very quaint. It has a nice cozy charm to it that makes you want to sit there on a rainy day and drink a hot cup of coffee while reading a newspaper. Our waiter was extremely nice and very responsive. As some other reviewers have mentioned, Betty's can be a little pricey, but their food is pretty good. My girlfriend had the Muffaletta sandwich and I had the Harvest Fruit Salad (though it was funny when the server gave me the sandwich and my girlfriend the salad). While I can't really speak for the Muffaletta since I didn't really eat it, the salad and fruit in my salad was very fresh and the flavors complimented each other well. I will be back to Betty's (maybe when I have a job).
I Like Betty's. I like the ambiance inside, and their coffee is usually pretty good. I find that what I enjoy usually gets removed from the menu at some point though, and have yet to find a go to meal here.  With the exception of one time, we go here for the breakfast. One consistent menu item  I do like are the potato pancakes, but I feel like I am getting ripped off with the $9 dollar price tag for just a few very small tater cakes.. BUT they are pretty yummy!!   I also appreciate the fact they have v8 juice. Most places only have tomato juice.. But, obviously that isn't why I keep coming to Betty's... I keep coming cause the food is always fresh, the coffee takes good, and and am always comfortable hanging out there.. Now, if I could find a favorite menu item......
Visited Betty's for the first time for dinner last night with my husband and our friend who has Celiac disease. She chose the place because they have a good reputation for being Gluten-free friendly, as well as vegetarian and vegan friendly too. The space was cool and cozy and the service was attentive and warm. Everyone enjoyed their meals but no one was "wowed." A bread basket came to the table with an awesome rosemary butter. This was probably the highlight for me. I started with the Mushroom and Leek soup which I assumed would be creamy (I should have asked) but was brothy. It was overly salty and gritty. My companions had salads which looked fresh and delicious. The dressing options sounded unique and my husband said his bleu cheese crumbles were "awesome." Our friend had the risotto which she liked a lot. My husband had a pork tenderloin that looked perfectly cooked and was over a bed of mashed potatoes and goat cheese. He cleaned his plate. I had the Vegetarian Shepard's Pie, consisting of a vegetable stew covered in mashed potatoes and goat cheese and baked. It was tasty. The veg was a bit overdone (almost mushy) but the flavors were nice. the goat cheese was of great quality and really enhanced the dish. Prices were very reasonable for what was served. We used our Dining Card coupon which helped too. Overall, it was a nice experience. I don't know that I would go out of my way to return for dinner but there were some other enticing menu choices. Maybe I ordered poorly. I am however very interested to try the Brunch that I've heard so many wonderful things about.
Food was excellent.. cannot say enough, fresh veg and the bread was divine.. will def be coming back,, staff could not have been nicer! great experience .
Grilled banana peanut butter sandwich! Mmm. For me Betty's has never failed, I've tried to get something different every time I go and I always like it. It feels like good, healthy food that are well-portioned and reasonably priced.
Scrambled tofu hash = nom nom nom Mushroom Benedict = nom nom Potato pancakes = meh Brunch is great Lunch is meh Btw their bloody marys have worcestershire sauce in them... I specifically asked the waitress if they did because I was a vegetarian for ~ 6 years at the time and she said no they did not. Well she LIED! It tasted incredibly fishy, I couldn't drink it so my bf tried to drink, which then made him nauseous...
I haven't met a Betty's I didn't like. Really. I travel a lot for work, and most cities have an independent restaurant named Betty's and the food is pretty good. I had the opportunity to have a late lunch at Betty's on a sleepy Thursday afternoon. The restaurant was fairly empty, but people kept streaming in as I ate my delicious vegetarian Italian sub. Not sure I've had a sandwich that fresh since last summer when I was making sandwiches with fresh veggies from a local farmer's market. There were so many amazing sounding vegetarian items on the menu that I wish I could have made a trip back! This is definitely an eclectic little place to check out if you happen to be in Buffalo!
I was only in Buffalo for a few days and wanted to find a great breakfast place. After reading reviews I chose Betty's Diner. Loved this place! Great atmosphere and exceptionally fast and friendly service. I had the tofu hash with grilled cornbread and a mimosa, it was divine! Two thumbs up!!
Ate here twice on a recent trip to Buffalo. Once was around lunch time. Service was friendly, prompt, and my co-diner and I got our food quickly. The description of the dish I had wasn't quite what I got on my plate but it was damn tasty! A sandwich using pan-fried plantains instead of bread. The second time here I ate alone for what they call "blunch". Got to the restaurant right as the opened and there was a bit of a line. A good sign! I had the chilaquiles and devoured every bit. My waitress was nice enough to share a secret bottle of hotter local hot sauce (thanks!) but the homemade salsa verde was good enough for the dish. Great food, great flavors, and my only complaint is the menu descriptions left me with a different perception of what the dish might be on the plate. Total minor quib though, this place is great for vegans, vegetarians, and meat loving folk alike!
I love Betty's!  Classic American food made with good ingredients and the prices are not bad either.  If you ever have salad here, make sure you get the lemon garlic salad dressing!   People are complaining about the portion sizes, but I think they are perfect - they look small but I'm absolutely full afterwards, as is my boyfriend, who is double my size (and we usually eat a lot).  If you want big portions, there's a McDonald's several streets over.  Others: love the patio in the summertime, the indoors is also really cozy, and the wait staff are also really nice and attentive.
I liked Betty's.  It was a quaint little place and had a great vibe to it.  If they had more memorable food, I'd have given it 5 stars.   But like I said, the food just wasn't memorable.  In fact, I don't even remember it.  And if I come to a restaurant, I should remember the food.  Sadly, I did not.   But def worth coming around for the ambiance though.  Very nice.  Great looking outdoor seating area which seemed fun.
My friend brought me here for brunch last week. I never heard of the place and was pleasantly surprised. The place is so adorable. :-) I loved the setting of the restaurant. We both ordered the french toast casserole w/ berries and it was absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Buffalo or just looking for a nice brunch spot. If I had a car, I would come here all the time! The service was really great too and attentive.
I used to live in Buffalo and every time someone asks me what I missed about Buffalo the most. I would without hesitation say Amy's Place, Tim's Rendezvous and Pearl Street Brewery. That is not in order. While I will never frequent Betty's I will find every reason to visit when I return. Oh yeah! About the food; I hate that I only got to try one item on their menu. I went here on a day that only the steak would do for breakfast. For a place that "leans vegetarian" I got neither dirty looks nor mediocre steak. I do regret getting the steak though, because everyone else at my table seemed to get a masterpiece (for your food porn lovers get their "fancy French Toast) in look and taste. Our service was attentive and deliberate. I would probably avoid the place if you are in a hurry but this is not something I will hold against them. I will be back! They looked like they were expanding which can only a good thing.
Came here hungover with a hungover posse for Saturday  blunch. Their food really hit the spot. I had an asparagus quiche because it was more popular than the omelet's that morning (says the waitress). They refilled my coffee without me asking. I love their artwork on their walls, and the giant barn door is awesome. They also offer unisex restrooms. They had two separate menus, I think one was a seasonal or rotating menu, the other being a regular offerings menu. Everything looked delicious. They offer sandwiches, salads, juices, mimosas!  aggh! love this place. Their drinks seem a tad pricey, but a few are homemade. They offer dinner as well.
I can't speak for the entire menu, but the French Toast Cassie was amazing.  It had that firm custardy taste and texture akin to bread pudding.  The fresh berry reduction was delicious and the fruit on the side was properly ripen unlike most fruit you get at most places.  Also there were buttery toasted slices of almond on top that was an excellent add of texture, could've used some more though.   I added a photo!!
When I first went to Betty's I wasn't expecting much. I had just moved to Buffalo and I was looking up places to eat. Previously, I didn't have much luck with finding good places to eat. But Betty's is delicious. I'm very picky and hard to please. I'm also a native NYer so I know what I like and don't like.  But I got their meatloaf and it was DELICIOUS! There was a salad that comes with a sesame dressing.  Definitely worth visiting.
I have been to Betty's a couple of times for Sunday brunch and have always been happy and full!  There is usually a wait on Sundays, so be prepared.  But, I have always enjoyed the food! The interior of the restaurant is very comfortable and homey. The Mickey's Casserole is pure comfort food and the Russian Eggs Benedict is very good.  I would definitely go back!
Wonderful, delicious brunch. I've been here with my sweetie a couple of times and once on my own (sorry darling, but you weren't around). We have been delighted each time. Was here for lunch once with a visitor to Buffalo. We both enjoyed the food and the restaurant.
Wow!  Betty's looks great.  I haven't been here in the past year and was pleasantly surprised by the new bar area. The food was very good.  The miso salad dressing is exceptional and Hoisin Glazed Pork Chop was perfectly cooked.  My guests all enjoyed their meals.  The Meatloaf looked outstanding.  They have a limited but, nice selection of wines.  The crunchy atmosphere complete with tattooed and exotically pierced servers is always fun. Can't wait to go back!
My bf and I went here last night figuring I could get some vegetarian food/fish seeing it is a Friday during Lent. We got the Mediterranean plater with pita, hummus, baba ghanoush, and fresh veggies. It was good and better than I thought it would be seeing it is not an Mediterranean rest. We also split the vegtable risotto with shrimp.  It too was very good. It seemed under- seasoned for restaurant food but I appreciated that because I am sick of food being so salty! The shrimp did seem a little weird and rubbery with no seasoning/flavor to them whatsover.. but my bf seemed to enjoy them. The atmosphere is very good and the staff was very attentive. i am the person who drinks too much water and my water glass was filled several times :p
Best brunch in Bffalo. Worth the long wait for a table.
Awesome comfort food and bright, cheerful, homey atmosphere. One of my favorite places in Buffalo to go for brunch (seems like the rest of the world often has the same idea!). I've only ever been there for brunch - tofu scrambles, eggs benny, fluffy pancakes, biscuits and gravy. The food tastes wholesome and not cisco-bought. The service is usually pretty good, although they're frequently slammed whenever I go there.  Minus one start for being overpriced, as others have noted. It's a really fun date place. Check it out!
"brunch at betty's!" is all my friends and i ever need to say to each other!  And we're seated either on the outside patio or in the cool-ly decorated interior! The homemade scones and muffins are yummy in our tummies.  We always share at least one.  I love their tofu hash and the breakfast burrito!
I have been to Betty's many, many, times and have never been disappointed.  As a vegetarian,  it is quite difficult to find restaurants that have more than a couple of options for me on the menu.  I can only eat so many portabello sandwiches and pasta primaveras people!  At Betty's, they always have a vegetarian special running AND a vegetarian soup du jour.  There are also many options available on their regular menu (Roasted Vegetable Risotto and Tofu Hash are some favorites of mine) , which is updated seasonally.  Betty's sources as many of their ingredients locally and you can tell that the chef and the staff take pride in what they are serving.  You're eating out, yet enjoying a comforting home-cooked meal. The new addition to the restaurant is beautiful, they now have a bar and an area for late night snacks on the weekends.  I can't wait to try out these new additions to the menu!
Betty's has some great food and yummy vegetation options.  It's best to have reservations ahead of time because they are always busy.  They have a full bar as well and are lgbt friendly.  I have had the shepherds pie, black rice n beans and their soups, all delicious.  Of course they also have non vegetarian food and that is good as well.
Went for breakfast.... once..... super overpriced for some eggs and pancakes but I will have to say they were damn good.  If you're into that to start your day I recommend but I have had less expensive similar experiences elsewhere. Take your chances!  Maybe if I venture for lunch or dinner one day I will update my review :)
Betty's solid brunch competes directly with Aroma. The bloodies are indisputably better at Aroma, but Betty's has a more inviting atmosphere.  The bar also occasionally comes up with stellar cocktail specials. The food is idiosyncratic and tasty.
Went here for Sun brunch, got there around 11 and it was just starting to get busy so wife and I had took bar seats.  Wife had portobello Benedict, I had pork scrapple, both were excellent, well prepared, nice portions, quick service.  Only issue was that they actually abide by the rule that you can't serve alcohol until 12pm.  Little disappointed, wanted to try the bloody Mary's, oh well, will sleep in a little later next time we go.
Moved in just down the road from betty's and ventured in today to try the Orange Cranberry stuffed french toast I was told about.  Have to say it was possible the most delicious french toast I have ever had.  Looking forward to checking out their BOGO on thursday nights.
I really like Betty's. I find the ingredients to be very fresh and I like the portion sizes. Last time I was there for blunch I got the spinach fruit salad and although I couldn't finish all the spinach, I ate all the fruit. My mom highly enjoyed her quiche. I need to come for breakfast one day.
If you're looking for a non-diner brunch in buffalo- this is it. Their blunch/brunch menus are well thought out and definitely not your typical fare. The full bar is great for that mimosa or bloody mary.
I've been here many times. A couple for dinner, but mostly for brunches. I've yet to be disappointed ever. It's always good food, albeit a little pricey for brunch cocktails. I'd suggest trying this place. If you're on the fence, give them a shot, it's very, very good.
Stopped at Betty's with a group of 4 after reading the Yelp reviews. It was a Sunday afternoon and although street parking was ample, we were told there was a 40 minute wait. After only waiting 10, we were seated in their street facing outdoor patio area. Three of us ordered the breakfast burrito while the fourth had a side of ham (a thick piece of freshly carved ham) and toast. We all loved our meals- especially with the hot sauce on it! Service was slightly slow and average but we were enjoying each others company.  Check at the end was $45 for all of us- a great deal for Sunday brunch. Would recommend to anyone in area.
Thank you Betty's for providing a television-free dining experience.  I hope more restaurants will follow your lead and realize that if the food and the service is good, it's better not to distract the guests with moving pictures running across a huge flat screen.
If there were a minus star rating, I would give it here. I haven't been served worse food in years, if ever. Started Sunday brunch with coffee, thin as dishwater. Servers were pleasant, nd brought here replacement cups for us, this time the flavor was burned. I ordered the tofu dish. It arrived, a dull dark brown color, looking like something I might feed a dog. The server assured me that, although it looked awful, it would taste good. It didn't. The beans were dry and hard, the potatoes dry and tasteless. Clearly cooked long before and microwaved. The cornbread was fine, and that is all I ate. My husband ordered the Mexican cure for a hangover. Cold inside, with tortillas dried at the edges. My daughter's eggs Benedict had a fishy odor and undercooked Canadian bacon. Neither ate more than a bite. So we paid over thirty dollars for three indelible dishes and undrinkable cups of coffee. The portions were quite large.
Working in Buffalo, have been here 3 times: delicious risotto, quiche with asparagus, side of fresh fruit, today an amazing tuna sandwich with delicious side salad. All ingredients fresh and delicious. Attentive waitstaff and very cozy vibe. Love it here!!
Interesting food combinations. My personal favorite is the strangely sweet and strangely spicy Pineapple jerk chicken sandwich. They also have a great selection of soups. The breakfast menu is also unique- items like boiled grapefruit with brown sugar you just can't get anywhere else in the city. The restaurant is built in a restored home in Allentown, and the inside is really nicely done. They also have constantly changing art on the walls, which compliment the eccentric food. My only word of warning is that they are borderline tyrannical about the times on the menu. Beware: breakfast is only served between these hours, sandwiches, dinners etc. are only available at certain times. So don't show up at 1:01 on Saturday expecting brunch because you're not going to get it! Don't expect to get a sandwich during dinner service etc!
Showed up Saturday for brunch with a group of 7.  Had to wait 30 minutes to get seated. The restaurant was at 50% capacity.  A few of us ordered coffee however the waitress left curddled on the table we had to request fresh milk for coffee.  We ordered the breakfast burrito it was so bland that we had to drench it in hot sauce for flavor.  I ordered the french toast casserole with a side of fruit.  The side of fruit was 3 grapes, 3 pieces of pineapple and 2 slices of 2mm thin watermelon.  My wife got the egg burger and asked for it to be cooked medium.  When we cut the burger in half the center was completely brown and dry.  Finally, the 20% tip was added automatically onto our bill was not earned.   All 7 of us will not be returning to Betty's ever again.
I have been to Bettys a few times. The first time I want it was for breakfast. It was aroinf 10 and the place was dead. The service was tefficic and the food was the same. I had the french toaat and it have to say it was the best I every had. The seccond 2 times I was there I had the meatloaf which was also excellent! I was very happy everytime I went there, and the price is not crazy, also try the apple chicken soup!
I found myself in Buffalo rather unexpectedly this weekend, and we needed a good brunch place to eat! Betty's came up on Yelp and we checked it out! The exposed brick and bright room were very inviting and cozy, and felt a tad familiar! Our plaid clad server kindly recommended the Chilaquiles as one of the more popular choices! He called it a "Mexican lasagna"! Delicious! Savory and spicy and completely satisfying! I would definitely go back to enjoy this "hangover cure"!
This place always gets rave reviews for everything, especially their brunch.  So I decided to finally give it a try, and I'm glad I did.  First off I hate eggs, they are my kryptonite.  So I was slightly disappointed that there wasn't  full meal for non egg eaters.  I could have ordered just pancakes or just granola, but I wouldn't have gotten any of the sides that one would get with an egg dish.  So I had to choose from the "sides" portion of the menu.  I had sausage, corn bread, and home fries.  I also snagged a little bit of my kids pancake.  Usually when I got for brunch or breakfast it's run of the mill frozen food, not Betty's.  I was amazed at how delicious the sausage was, it wasn't the typical stuff you get at Denny's or IHOP.  I'm not sure if it was local, homemade, or just higher end stuff from Sysco, but either way it was fantastic.  The home fries were also unbelievable,  they had the right amount of flavor with a perfect amount of spice.  The corn bread was some of the best I've had in my life, and I've had a lot when I lived down south,  The pancakes we by far the biggest surprise, I was blown away at flavor, moisture, and fluffiness of them.  I ate it without an ounce of syrup.   The people that worked there were very polite and pretty up front which I found enjoyable, however others may not. The decor is some of the most original I've seen in Buffalo. This place was awarded best Brunch by Artvoice for 2010, and although I generally despise their annual awards, they actually got this one correct.
Really good food.  Nice local place.  Not much that I'd change.  I'll be back for sure.
Yes, you are right to fear the breakfast sausage link. They're almost never cooked properly, rendered from a beautiful pink to resemble what I can only assume a dead man's finger looks like: grey, opaque, stubby.  And worst of all, flavorless or, worse still, icky tasting! With a name like Spar's on the menu- in fact, the headliner of a plate featuring not just the sausage but also thick cut bacon- you must, YOU MUST, fight the phobia!  Eggs and potatoes are delicious, sure, but without sausage AND bacon, are they a meal?  Highly unlikely. When you see that name, Spar's- just say yes!
This is one of my favorite places in Buffalo.  It is great for brunch.    A good mix of sandwiches and salads.  The only thing I would say is that on the weekends there can be a pretty long wait, but they are in the process of expanding.
Second great meal at Betty's.  Herb-grilled pork tenderloin was melt-in-mouth moist with just a bit of a crust.  Sweet potato chipotle soup was deliciously sweet and spicy.  Betty's is almost hip, but not quite full of itself.  Menu is full of variety - comfort foods, salads, seafood.  Great food, fair price, decent people.  A must-stop for me when visiting Buffalo.
I went to Betty's when it first opened, a few years ago. I had such good food there, I recently went back  with a couple of friends. Boy was I disappointed. I ordered the Pallela. I ordered miso dressing on my salad that comes with most entrees, but the miso dressing was super sweet to the extent that i couldn't taste any miso. When the Pallela came out, I found myself sitting in front of a giant bowl filled with chicken soup with over boiled rice, pieces of grilled chicken, grey dried out chorizo, canned green olives, and a few shrimp and clams. The clams and the shrimp were cooked well, but everything else was pretty horrible. My friends had the cioppino and the pork chop. The pork chop looked good, and my friend made no comment on the cioppino. On the better note, the staff were super friendly and Betty's still had the cozy atmosphere. I may return but will never have the Pallela again.
It's quality, it's gourmet, it is one of theeee top places one should go in buffalo for unique insides and that is vegetarian/vegan friendly. Although there is so much to love, one of my all time favorites is their "yumwich" wrap. Vegetables are like marinated but still crunchy and the sprouts and condiment/dressing inside makes it.  And you can get of course their delicious side salad with house balsamic dressing.  All their salad dressings are delicious though.  I also love their risotto.  Fresh and variety of choices on bread/toasts.  I could literally go on and on.  Buffalo as my home town, this is one of the places I would for sure 100% be recommending to visitors whether you are into vegetarianism or not.
sunday brunch. shrimp and grits. best I have had in the north. I did not want the meal to end. service was awesome and all employees were friendly. this is a gotta go spot in buffalo. pleasant experience I cant find anything bad about it.
Maybe best breakfast in buffalo. Had two specials: green burrito and toad in a hole.  Both came with home fries and everythi g was fresh and seasoned and wonderful. $9 each was a deal considering the quality!
Enjoyed breakfast at this quiet and quirky restaurant. The banana strawberry French Toast Strudel was spectacular.
Went here recently for brunch with a friend (his first time) I got the salmon egg benedict..freaking delicious. My friend got I believe it was called flannel hash..he loved it but the portion was to small for him. We got bacon on the side, both supposed to be extra crispy they didn't come out that way but our waiter was very attentive and noticed and got it taken care of for us. All in all a great brunch. Definitely recommended.
I like coming here for the unique options.  I have come for breakfast and lunch on a few occasions and have never been dissapointed.  Expect to wait in line if coming for a weekend brunch.  I like that their breakfast menu isn't the typical diner breakfast.  They offer things like a scrambled tofu hash - which is great.  And my favorite lunch dish so far is the roasted veggie yummich - which is yummy indeed.  I have a carrier I work with from NYC that has deemed that her favorite lunch spot in Buffalo. Nice atmosphere too with changing art on the walls.
I LOVE BETTY'S!!! This is by far one of the best breakfast joints in Buffalo. Who doesn't love a bomb breakfast with mimosa in the early mornings. The only reason that I didn't give them 5 stars is because I am in love with the Dutch Baby which only sold at the Original Pancake House. The service here is excellent and everything that I eat here I enjoy. My new mission is to start visiting them during the evenings to check out their bar scene and dinner menu.
i went here for lunch..i ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and it taste good! very friendly staff too! CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
Meat loaf filling my tummy. So many good plates and certainly worth the money. Quaint little patio, good spot for a date.
Betty's is grrrrreat! There are always fresh, tasty and healthfully chosen menu selections. I love that they have Boylan's cane cola. The ambience is extremely adorable. To eat at Betty's makes me happy.
Great service and food. Had the biscuits and gravy with chorizo. It was also my first day in Buffalo and they even gave me good tips. Had a copy of the New York Times to read :)
I thought Betty's was great!  I am vegan and I stopped here for breakfast while on a roadtrip and it was delicious!!!
charming seating area with great light and PLANTS!  The food was very good and the staff friendly.  Very welcoming environment.
Great service, local architectural knowledge !
Great brunch. It's a cheerful and friendly in both its decorum and service and the food is yummy.
Saturday Blunch was very good, also the outdoor seating is wonderful.  Highly recommend and will defiantly be coming back!
First, I'm a vegan (not so strict as you'll see), and although this is a bohemian bistro, the pickings are slim.  Only an Asian-style tofu veggie stir fry for dinner.  Lacto-vegetarians might try many other dishes--I cheat now and then--like veggie lasagna, which is hugely portioned.  I recommend for breakfast the Tofu-hash.  But beyond these... "Meh. I've experienced better."
If you are looking for a breakfast/brunch/lunch spot in buffalo, this is your place. They have a really neat atmosphere and great food to match. Can't wait to go back.
I've mostly experienced  Betty's as a great brunch spot. They have a pretty standard menu that makes it the perfect place to take an out of town guest. I will say is hasn't always been good. Once, I literally had the worst meal ever there, my sister found a rock in her salad (not for dramatic effect, actual event). Other times it has been really good. I still recommend this place, regardless of past experience, I think that speaks the general quality of the great neighborhood spot.
My groups first and only visit to Betty's left us all extremely satisfied with the food, service and prices. We ordered respectively the Maple salmon, Ahi tuna, Squash tart and the flank steak. Our main's were all delicious, well cooked and flavoured. We were provided with a recommendation for the wine which we all loved and the price was great too. We finished off our meal with the mocha cake which was mouth watering. Our bill for four plus a bottle of wine and a shared dessert was more than reasonable. I highly recommend this place to others and can't wait to return.
Excellent dining experience. The kind of place that was worth going out of the way for. Hostess was very sweet and wait staff very friendly. Food exceptionally tasty with lots of healthy options.
Amazing first stop in Buffalo! Great food, great staff, great drinks! Literally every dish our table ordered was incredible - the jibarito, yummwich, and risotto are vegetarian dream food! I've seriously never had as good a veggie burger as that plantain-bunned jibarito.
Can't seem to NOT go to Betty's when the dreaded question "where should we go to eat?" comes up. It's just good. Food and service. Not fancy, but healthy. I particularly love when they have GF buns, as these are amazing for those of us who need to stay away from regular bread. Happy hour Thurs are warm and inviting and the bartender is friendly and knowledgeable. Crowding is an issue on brunch days, so we've been staying away for that. Otherwise, yay Betty's
I used to LOVE Betty's like nobody's business, so it pains me to say that they have seriously declined in quality over time.  Our last few visits there aren't even worth three stars--one or two at best.  The service has been super slow, and the food, usually stellar, has either been so-so or just plain bad.  Case in point--the kitchen apparently ran out of ingredients for their black bean burritos the last time we were there and substituted with copious amounts of red leaf lettuce and black olive--flavors and textures that just don't work in this burrito.  When we cut into them, the lettuce sprang out like a shrubbery.  Horrible.  They were out of their other vegetarian dishes, too, so it was this or nothing, yet there was no apology from the kitchen or mention that the dish deviated from the usual recipe.  In the past, Betty's really shined with their fresh produce and yummy flavors, but they've been consistently sub-par of late.  Two stars to average out the five stars they used to be with the 0 - 1 stars they have been over the past year or so.
my 1st time here had breakfast and it was awesome the burrito was great and my wife got a french toast cassarolle (must have) only thing was the food was slow to come out but well worth the wait
In terms of atmosphere, Betty's can't be beaten; it is set in a cozy, rustic brick house, and evokes that old school allen-towny feel. For that reason, and because of the tasty bites, It is a nice place to bring out of towners, especially for Sunday brunch!  Brunch is, in my opinion, what Betty's does best. They have many options, and keep it interesting with a rotating list of specials, including solid offerings for vegans and vegetarians. The smothered cornbread special is super tasty, lightly sweet cornbread topped with 2 eggs any-style, cheddar cheese, insanely good homemade black beans, and mexican fixings like pico de gallo. The only downside of brunch is the cocktails. I love a good bloody mary, and I found Betty's version to be watery and bland.  Sunday brunch is usually quite crowded; make a reservation or be prepared to wait if you have a larger party. The lunch and dinner offerings are seasonal, fresh, and inventive. The beet, butternut squash and goat cheese salad is insanely good! I also appreciate the fact that they cater to vegans, vegetarians, and omnivores alike. Although I've had some spotty service here, the atmosphere and fresh food win out in my book.
I have to say, I have not been to Betty's in a very long time.  However, I decided to take my mother's best friend, who lives in the city, to brunch for her birthday, and she chose Betty's, so I was pretty excited to try it again.  I have to say, i was not disappointed by all the hype.  We got there at about 10:45 on a Saturday morning, and I expected a long wait, but it was surprisingly dead, lucky for us!  We were seated in a little booth in front of a window, and I could have stared out that window at the beautiful weather all day.  My mother's friend ordered the breakfast burrito, which she loved, and she also ordered a scone, which she said she always orders because she loves it so much.  I ordered one of the specials, which was an omlette with walnuts, apples, brown sugar, and brie.  It was an interesting combination, to say the least.  I am not sure how much I really loved that combination with eggs, but kudos to Betty's for a pretty inventive dish.  I enjoyed the insides of the omlette, but it was definitely different eating it with eggs!  However, the home fries more than made up for it, delicious with carmelized onions smothering them on my plate.  I also got to choose my kind of toast, and I went with the homemade walnut raisin toast, which was quite wonderful.  The service was amazing, with the waitress being friendly, the refills on coffee and water ever present the whole time, and the price being just right.  My verdict:  I want to go back again soon!
Excellent place for.....blunch!  Yes blunch.  They also have gluten free toast.
I lived down the street from Betty's 4 years ago and always enjoyed coming in for breakfast or dinner to this quiet, cute restaurant. The food is a bit pricier than other spots in Allentown (though I guess that's changing) but the quality is great and it's all very tasty. I stopped back in a few weeks ago and they have expanded the dining area into more of the house and added a bar area. The food is still the same (not exactly the same dishes, just similar quality, variety and flavor) and our waitress was very accommodating. If you know your way around the labyrinthine one way streets in the area, parking is quite easy.
This place is always spot on. The service is great and even though it may look busy, the wait time isn't that bad. Today we were quoted 30 minutes for a party of three around 11AM and we were sitting with coffee in about 10. Today I devoured the Raspberry French Toast Casserole with fruit on the side (which consisted of a strawberry, grapes, pineapple, honeydew and cantalope) and an egg over east. The meal was huge, satisfying, and absolutely delicious. Warm fresh baked bread with cream cheese and raspberrys under an almond streussel which was covered in a peach sauce and whipped cream. It was just amazing. My boyfriend completely crushed another on of their brunch specials - the Carolina Benefidict. I believe it was home fries, pulled pork, and two pached eggs with chiptole hollendaise sauce. I tried a bite and let me tell you what... that was some damn good pork. Absolutely delicious. The food is worth the money and the atmosphere is always comfortable and cozy. I can't wait for next weekend's brunch.
Needed a Sunday brunch fix following a late-night wedding in Buffalo the evening prior, and Betty's hit the spot.  Thanks to Yelper Aruna's suggestions, the bf and I had quite the tasty meal--sharing the chilaquiles, breakfast burrito, and the blueberry french toast casserole (that day's special).  With a price tag of only $30 for three extremely savory dishes (even the potatoes on the side were flavorful!), I can't not give this spot a 5-star rating. Note, I did notice many large groups waiting for tables, but we were seated instantly given that we're only a two-some and were fine sitting indoors (while I love me some patio action, we were in a time crunch to head back to DC).  So, if you're a group and/or wanting to sit outdoors, be prepared for a wait during brunch/blunch.
Oh Betty's. My roommates and I constantly crave this place, given its repeated charm and great food! I've only ever been here for "Saturday Blunch" and "Sunday Brunch" -but I'm sure they have otherwise very good lunches and dinners. The menu options look tempting! I, personally, like ordering the specials - but given that they change - they're tougher to review since they may not be on the menu, but know that they're all very good and tend to sell out popular items during the peak hours. The chilaquiles are incredible - and always available on the brunch menu. They are listed as a "hangover cure" but man, they are great for any occasion! The breakfast burrito is out of control (May need to split with a friend), and very good French toast concoctions if you prefer sweet over savory. Betty's continues to be a Buffalo icon!
Betty's is pretty great for brunch. Others spoke enough about the foods. I do prefer Ashkar's, as Betty's tends to get loud with obnoxious drunk people of all age ranges maybe based on the room design and I am done with yelling in loud brunch places.
Great food and great service! It was a very nice night so we sat out on the patio. The table split the baked brie, spinach potato pancakes and mediteranean dipping plate and they were all very tasty. Had the meatloaf and it was delicious!
Great food and service. Not an extensive beer selection. Handled a group from out of town very well.
Mmmm Betty's - pretty tasty breakfast spot indeed. Even thought I'm still digesting my (IMO - awesome order), I can say that I'd come back here in a heartbeat. Situated in a vintage-esque home, Betty's is full of charm. You'll find super sweet servers, a counter and case showcasing baked goods, and a smattering of tables outfitted in checkered tablecloths. There's also local art on the walls (available for sale, I believe) and an adorable mixture of country and casual. Super comfy on all accounts. The menu itself is fairly stripped down - don't expect 100 egg options here. The good thing is that Betty's seems to be a pro at these limited but creative options, so I felt pretty comfortable going for their Scrambled Mess special: scrambled eggs with a handful of fresh vegetables and plenty of asiago cheese. I chose fruit instead of potatoes but upgraded my toast to their toast special: pumpkin toast with chocolate chips and a light schmear of cream cheese. While the scrambled eggs were nicely done and flavorful, the toast special was *awesome." Imagine two thick pieces of moist pumpkin bread chock full of chocolate chips. Let's just lie and call it toast even though it was basically a dessert. I have zero problem with that. Thanks for the great Wednesday start, Betty's!
We were passing through from Cape Cod back to Chicago (After visiting Niagara Falls)  and couldn't be happier we landed here! This place was fantastic! We shared the Mediterranean dipping plate for an appetizer and all agreed we each could have had it as our meal it was so good! This place more than pleased two meat eaters and two vegetarians! The atmosphere is charming, the history is fascinating and the waiters/cooks are wonderful! We highly recommend Betty's! The only bad part is we don't live anywhere near here to visit again soon!
Had brunch this afternoon. Enjoyed the lovely atmosphere and friendly staff. Everyone's food was amazing! I has the tofu scramble with grilled corn bread. I will definitely be back to try other things!
Update** I order from Betty's nearly every week and today I was told "the kitchen is too busy for take out orders." I have never been told that before. This makes me very upset considering that Betty's thanked me because they knew me from my great Yelp review.
Really enjoyable lunch. Excellent service and an interesting, healthy menu. I had the soup special which was lentil. It was great. I also had a grilled vegetable wrap that was enormous. Including iced tea, I was out the door at $17 including a generous tip. This place is much more than I was expecting. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner along with having a full bar. The name gave me the impression that it was more of a diner. I will go back the next time I'm in town. It was a nice surprise.
Four of us were here for a late lunch on a Tuesday and had great service, great food and very much enjoyed our dishes (tasty chicken salad sandwich, burrito, shrimp quesadillas, quinoa salad, all made with fresh and the right ingredients) with coffee, beer, wine and a cocktail.  Prices are reasonably high for the quality of the food so it's well worth it. Outdoor eating area and indoor eating areas are wheelchair accessible and you can get to the bathroom from both areas but a bit tricky from the outdoor eating area. Our server was very helpful in describing the food and the menu items. And we are sure to go here again!
Can't beat this fine cafe for a wonderful Sunday brunch. The menu is extensive and eclectic. Right in the heart of a rebuilding and revitalized Allentown district. You will enjoy your experience here for sure.
Came here not knowing what to expect on the long weekend from Canada after reading positive review here on Yelp.  It was quite worth while!!! Price was great and staff was attentive and friendly. Food was also exceptional.  They have daily special;  ordered a grilled peppers, portabella mushroom with cheese sandwich that comes with either the choice for a salad or cup of soup for only $9! Soup was delicious and good size.  Restaurant is fairly clean; cute patio.  Highly recommended.
Was so delicious! Fresh local ingredients and friendly staff. I was glad I got there right when the doors opened because it filled up quickly.
I'm obsessed.   We live around the corner...and I have turned this place into my go-to spot for Business Brunches!  It's a comfortable, warm atmosphere, and the food is delicious.  I've been here many times and I have yet to find something that I didn't like.   I usually tend to find the item on the menu (either regular or specials) that includes corn bread and their black beans.  The southwest pork salad with a side of corn bread....eggs/potatoes/black beans/salsa atop cornbread...etc.  I actually wake up dreaming of this combo...I also really like their potatoe pancakes, and while spending the extra money on the bacon seems silly, it IS thicker, tastier bacon...so every once in a while I splurge.   What I love the most is that the food is REAL food.  When I eat there, I leave feeling as if I had just eaten out of my own kitchen.   If I remember correctly, I read some reviews a while back that some people didn't like Paula the server.  Well, I think shes great!  She's very business-like (I could see how some people might be rubbed the wrong way by her focus)..but she always has great recommendations and has crafted me up some of the yummiest mid-day cocktails I have ever had.  (mostly involving muddled fruit and sparkling wine) Also...this is bad...but...our last trip there we discovered their bakery display cabinet.  So unnecessary, but definitely a great way to finish off the experience. So yummy...and so hungry right now thinking about it.  I may take a trip down the road for lunch :)
I am absolutely in love. Betty's does everything right! My first visit here was for dinner and I wanted everything on the menu! It was difficult to narrow down but I settled on the cream of asparagus soup and the smoked trout salad. Both were fantastic, as was the fresh bread with herb butter and the glass of Shiraz from the bar. I truly can't wait to go back and try EVERYTHING they come up with! Fantastic, fresh, delicious! And as for the decor... wow! It was beautiful and innovative everywhere I looked.
Delish food!
My Order: Jibarito (YES!) & Chamomile Tea PROS: - Friendly & very commendable service; my waiter Jeff was very patient & always checked up on us. Very, very nice people! - I absolutely LOVED MY DISH. The last time I was here, my friend ordered it and I fell in love with it ever since. Get it, get it, get it!! - It's a great little spot for a quick bite, brunch (it was really packed on weekends) or a cute little day-date. It seems like a very versatile spot which can be used as a venue for anything. CONs: - they only have one washroom stall; on busy days, that could be an issue.
We were traveling through for a graduation and neglected to make Mother's Day brunch reservations. Best mistake ever! While Betty's doesn't accept reservations for Sunday brunch, the wait was well worth it in the fresh, imaginative dishes. Our group of five enjoyed the French toast casserole, pancakes, two different omelets, and the vegetarian Summer breakfast - all were delicious! Great local atmosphere. We would definitely return if we have the opportunity.
Went on a Sunday morning and it was not long of a wait. I ordered the Chilaquiles from the brunch menu and its was DELISH! It's a Mexican dish with black beans, sour cream, guac, and tortillas. I was actually surprised of how delicious it was since it was the only non-American dish on the menu. Would definitely go back whenever I go back to Niagara Falls.
We visited here for breakfast based on a recommendation from the hotel front desk clerk.  It was a GREAT recommendation.   Day 1 French toast. Day 2 Toasted peanut butter & banana sandwich Day 3 Pancakes with bananas and walnuts. All three days we were seated quickly, service was great even though they were quite busy on days 2 & 3.   I definitely will return here again - would love to try dinner! The only down side is it tends to be a bit noisy when busy.
Loved the the place, good service, good conversation. We shared the Cuban and a soup and salad and they were all awesome.  We each had a cocktail, the bourbon and muddles basil and the green tea, were epic. Glad we came and if we come back we will seek out Betty's if we come back to Buffalo. Next time I hope it's warmer!
On a recent Sunday morning we find ourselves childless, un-hungover and with extra time on our hands.   I wanted to go somewhere different for brunch (and by different I mean not an all-you-can-eat buffet, and not a place we go to frequently with our toddler.)  Decided on Betty's, where we haven't been in years - give me a break, we live in the suburbs.   Word of mouth has gotten around that they have a fabulous brunch, and that word of mouth is NO LIE. Great coffee.  Reasonable prices.  Short wait (crowded, yet we waited barely 5 minutes for a table for 2.)  The food?  Delectable.  I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict (I can still taste it - WOW!)  Husband had the Chilaquiles - "a traditional hangover cure in some regions of Mexico; a casserole of eggs, corn tortillas, tomatoes, onions, jalapeño's, zucchini and corn with cheddar/jack cheese; served with fresh tomato salsa, salsa verde, sour cream and black beans."  He pronouced it a success - wolfed the whole plate down.  He did say he willl ask for extra salsa verde next time.  Did you read that - NEXT TIME!  YAY! The ONLY reason it won't get 5 stars is service - our guy wasn't great.  Took our order quickly, but never came back after he brought our meals, even for that cursory "how is everything?" stop.  Water glasses were emptied & put to the side of the table early into the meail, but he didn't notice until he came back to clear the plates after we were finished. I then ordered a scone for us to split for "dessert" & it was brought to us in a to-go container (even though he had just refilled my coffee.)  Ummm...OK, we'll take the hint.
Excellent!  Excellent!  Food and drink as always was outstanding. Would like to see more servers on because though service is great the wait staff seems like they are always haggard.
I absolutely love Betty's. I've been here twice and despite how crowded it was, both times I was seated fairly quickly for not having made a reservation. The first time I came I ordered a salad--the balsamic dressing was delicious. I can't remember what I had for dessert because I split it with my secretary and we downed it in seconds. All I know is after that luncheon, every time someone mentioned Betty's my heart started racing with joy. I came for brunch a few weeks ago with a couple of friends and they made sure to keep our coffee cups full and hot! I had hash browns and a tofu scramble that I saved for two meals. Our waitress was very kind and the hostess offered to find us even if we waited outside. I can't wait to go back!
Good food just for you is their tagline.  Damn straight. I'm on my third week of travel and at this point, eating out...doesn't really hold any appeal for me anymore.  Luckily yelp led me to this gem.  With delicious lunch options in the $10 range, I decided to try their roasted chicken salad sandwich on pita bread.  When my food was first delivered, there was so much green I thought I ordered grass (as you can tell, healthy is not my middle name).  Luckily, I dove right in and was rewarded with perfection.  The pita was fresh, perfectly warmed, and perfectly stuffed.  No mess making, even though I devoured that thing like a pig.  The chicken was fresh and juicy, and there was just the right amount of mayo and fillings.  I won't lie, I concentrated on the sandwich and just had a bit of the salad, but that was definitely doable, too.   Beyond the food, the service was great.  Everyone we came into contact with was friendly, and my server was awesome enough to check on the size of the carrots for me (see, I told you I don't do healthy, I'm sure this will kick my ass in my 40s).  I also loved the setup, with outdoor seating, roomy tables, cozy two tops in the bar area, and comfy couches.   Oh, Betty's, how I will miss you when I'm back in Chicago.
There's not a thing I'd change about Betty's. the menu is sophisticated but never fussy, the ambience is casual and clever, and the service is always great. There are lots of VEGETARIAN options, but also plenty of choices for the omnivores said vegetarians may have married. Most recently, I had the lunch special--a grilled cheddar, tomato, and avocado sandwich with a cup of vegan beans-and-greens soup ($9.50). Other veggie favorites include the Roasted Veggie Yummwich (a wrap), potato pancakes, some delicious salads, and mostly vegetarian soups. Daily specials also feature vegetarian options with seasonal ingredients. Around Thanksgiving, I like to order their vegetarian stuffed winter squash--packed with veggies and corn bread. Finally, I must warn you to somehow save space for dessert. I'm rarely a fan of restaurant desserts, but Betty's are fresh and flavorful. In particular, the Wacky Cake is a must-try (and be sure to order it with ice cream).
Really like this place!! Good service, interesting menu, vegetarian options. I had shepherd's pie and it was delicious! I wanted to try the whole menu so I will be returning. And I hear the breakfasts are yummy.   A little weird how they served me wine in some odd glass. I thought they ran out of wine glasses. Server made me laugh when said the owner wants it served in that glass because it is how that type of wine is served in Italy. Owner needs to get a grip. This is Buffalo--far removed from Italy and giving me the wine in some weird glass I might get in a tiny village of Italy doesn't improve my dining experience at all. It cheapened it because I was drinking wine out of a cup. That was minor and the server gave us wine glasses-/only because my date wanted them. It wasn't a big deal to me but worth noting because it was quirky.
Alright, one dish and one visit has elevated my review. Went for brunch again, sat at the bar instead of waiting for a seat. Bartender was friendly enough, very good bur pricey brunchy drinks. I enjoyed my bloody and we also got a mimosa, but $14 for brunch drinks is meh. We both ordered one of the specials that day. Biscuits with sausage gravy. Buttermilk biscuits flecked with cheddar cheese, topped with two over easy eggs, so much runny egg goodness, then the most tasty sausage gravy atop it all. Served with nice and crisp homefries. Two "happy plates" and very full bellies we left very satisfied. Okay Betty's, I'll be back!
Finally got to Betty's.   It was worth the wait.   Got there early before the rush.  Had shrimp and grits.   The Mrs. Had the quiche.  Both were excellent.  Best coffee I had in a restaurant in a long time.   I will be soon for lunch or dinner.
Definitely a great place for classic dinners. I was delighted to see so many vegetarian items on the menu. It's a must eat at place.
Ladies Lunch Was here recently for a "ladies lunch".  It was nice.  Easy street parking, although I'm betting I was lucky on that one. I liked the menu options.  I saw many many things I might consider trying.  However, the heat we have been having played into my decision on what sounded really good at that moment. We each had a different salad.  Mine was inhaled, both because I was quite hungry, but also because it was that good.  The other was greatly enjoyed as well. Somehow I had never been here before, all these years its been around.  Not sure why, but I'll be back.  I enjoyed it.   My one comment was the server, she was in a huge hurry to take away my plate before my companion had finished hers, just bad form there.  The other was her general lack of interest in her job or in us.  I get that its not what you want to do your whole life, but seriously, smile a little. 4 stars as I did not think the price was a good reflection on the food, I thought it was a little on the high side for a salad. (While not our server, we saw the server mentioned in another review with all the piercings, and I said exactly that to my companion - hygiene is an issue with all those piercings.) (Review 251, but 250 was a museum and I don't think people read those much :(  )
Emmm it's nice place but it takes foreverrrr (45 min) to get the food after the order was placed. Waitress was friendly but with lots of piercing on nose ears everywhere which is personal unless she serves your food then it's hygiene issue. Food ( salmon/egg) was good
I was visiting Buffalo and Betty's was a perfect breakfast/brunch nook on a Sunday afternoon. My friend and I unknowingly got to the restaurant 5 minutes after they closed and they still served us with a welcoming demeanor. The restaurant is quaint and the decor has a modern, homey feel that brightens the gloomy, snowy days. The food was delicious, creative and affordable! Our waitress was attentive and accommodating. The staff eats brunch together after they close on Sundays which even furthers the familial feel of this cosy nook. I really enjoyed our time here and definitely recommend Betty's to anyone who is looking for a breakfast/brunch/lunch place.
I came here for brunch after playing football with a few team members. It was extremely crowded and there was a 15 minute wait. Because we were short on time I asked the hostess if it'd be okay to sit at the bar, order drinks and get our food order in so that we may get our food shortly after being seated. I explained that I would gladly tip out the bartender and our latter server. Immediately I was given a horrible attitude, thinking she didn't understand I explained it again and she grudgingly agreed saying it'd be the same either way... As a party of 5 I would have liked to include everyone throughout the meal rather than sitting separated... after ordering our drinks the hostess stormed up to us and rudely yelled that we can either sit at the bar or a table but not both. This review is so high because of how excellent the food was and how pleasant our bartender was. I have never dealt with such rudeness at a restaurant and having worked in the industry for 9 years, believe that the hostess should be fired. Our bartender, who contributed to designing the drink menu was amazing, as were the cocktails and cocktail menu; even having core vodka and apple jack from golden harvest in my small home town. (Yeah valatie, represent!) I ordered Juevos rancheros and was pleasantly surprised. The food was great, the service for the remainder of our meal and drinks were also excellent. I would highly recommend Betty's for brunch, just don't expect friendly accommodations from the hostess! Fortunately, she only seats you.
Been here for both brunch and dinner. Not crazy about their veggie options when it comes to non-brunch menu (nothing too exciting), but this place gets a solid four stars because their veggie brunch items rock. First, some logistics: 1) Parking situation: street, which can get busy, so beware. On Sundays, you can park in the school lot that is across the street for free, even though there is a scary sign saying you can't, and apparently sometimes there's a man there selling spots. A lady from the restaurant told me that the lot is FOR SURE free, available parking on Sundays. 2) Reservations: lunch and dinner only, they don't take brunch reservations. Back to the food! If you're an egg eater, they've got a lot going on, like the French toast casserole or their portobello Benedict. If you're like me and don't eat egg, the one item they have is a tofu hash, which comes w great home fries and your choice of corn bread or pita. Two seconds about the home fries: well seasoned, cooked through and with a great crisp. Can't ask for more. The fact that this place has a legit vegan brunch item is why I like them so much, even though it's just the one. Their tofu is cooked well, but more importantly, very well flavored. The hash included tofu, caramelized onion, red bell pepper, black beans, and sweet potato. I was really impressed, and my meaty friends like it too! Probably a go-to brunch place for me, if only because they have more than just hummus and pita or something super heavy/deep fried/cheesy. The food here is actually good too. I can see why there is so much hype surrounding Betty's among Buffalonians. On a side note, they DO have a veggie shepherds pie on their dinner menu that I quite enjoy.
Betty's has a bit of a reputation around town. As with any restaurant with a good reputation, the expectations are already set higher when you go in and you just expect it to live up to your friend's nebulous claims of 'omg, so good!' Not knowing exactly what that may mean for you. I first heard about Betty's from a vegan friend of mine who exclaimed that they had a fantastic brunch and I made a mental note to come in for breakfast one of these days. And so I did, in the summer months and sat on the patio, ordered an Eggs Benedict (which they don't always have on their non-brunch menu, but did that day). The eggs were great, not-runny and the ham and gravy on top of the bread was well flavored. I'm getting hungry just now writing about it. I enjoyed the food and the patio, although the service was a bit slow for my champion water-drinking skills (I go through a glass of water really quick when I dine out and often need 3-5 refills). The service was professional though and the waiter was confident. It was a bit of an expensive breakfast, but the food was worth it. I finally came back here in the cold winter months of Buffalo with my girlfriend and we dined inside. She commented that she loved the bright ambiance of the place. She ordered a breakfast burrito, while I had some shrimp and eggs type of dish. I cleaned my plate out and finished off my girlfriend's burrito as well (she's a light eater). We both enjoyed our food immensely. The service was fantastic this time around. It was a bit pricey. We probably spent $25-27 on the breakfast (including tip), but for a once in a while occasion -- it's a worthwhile trip for us. Consider me a fan.
