This Planet Fitness seems brand new, and I was surprised to find out that it's been open for a few years.  It's always clean, and the equipment is kept in good condition.  It can get crowded at certain times for the weights; but if you just want a treadmill or other exercise machine you will have no wait.   I do miss my other PF which was open 24hrs.  This one does have some strange operating hours.  But for the price, it's worth it.   There are so many odd reviews on here about weird guys, macho guys making comments etc...haven't experienced this here; and that really goes against the MO of PF.  Most people have head sets on or keep to themselves.
This gym just recently opened and they cater toward everyday people who are just looking to get in better shape and not body builders. Most of the equipment is cardio equipment, but there are also plenty of weight machines and free weights. If you are a serious weightlifter you would probably should not join here. They have two plans, one for $10 a month that includes all of the machines, and one for $19.99 a month that also includes unlimited tanning and massage chairs. Since they place is new it is nice and clean and everything works, hopefully it will stay that way.  On the first Monday of the month they have free pizza night so you can try and gain back any weight you may have lost!
Not a bad gym just has pretty limited hours and equipment compared to other gyms in town. The $10 a month ads are misleading. The limited membership is $10 a month plus a annual fee. If you're looking for more than a treadmill or elliptical then this isn't the best choice.
So. Yeah. Been a member of this gym for about six months--feelings have been all over the place. I'm glad I didn't write a review before now because it would have been absolutely schizo. And the only reason I'm writing a review now is ... ... our water main burst, so we have no water in our house, and I'm just realizing that this gym has some mighty nice showers. (Oh, and the gym itself is actually quite nice too.)
I like this gym, it has all the machines I need and is in a great location with lots of parking. What I dont like however is that the whole 'no judgement zone' thing is obviously not in place as there is a whole crowd of really buff 'lunk heads' who hang around in front of the cardio machines near the weights, mainly talking and checking out the girls working out. I dont like it, its uncomfortable- and its not only lots of staring, its comments too as you walk past them like 'daaaamn girl' Not appropriate for the gym where I like to feel I can just go work out without being harrassed! Not sure if managment is going to disband the groups of leering guys or if it is just going to make women leave who dont enjoy the constant scrutiny as they run! --------------- Update: It seems less sleazy these days. Dunno if its because the lunk heads have given up or what, but Its better :)
nothing special whatsoever as far as equipment and amenities go. The staff is unprofessional and pretty unwilling to help/answer questions. Skip it.
Gym is so clean, this is like what other reviewers are saying " is not a bodybuilders gym"  depending what your goals are this is perfect. Great staff, 4 tanning beds and the monthlies are cheap. Im very impressed with this gym, I'm pretty spoiled being a member of 24 hour fitness and bally fitness, and add planet fitness to this list which I think could give those 2 companies a run for there money.
Moving from NYC I can't see how anyone has a problem with this gym. It is huge, has every weight and machine, and has a jumbo parking lot. To get all this up north would be at least $129 a month. This gym is always clean, the staff is helpful, and  they have showers.They even have TANNING. All for 10 or 20 bucks a month. I am blown away by how all that is even possible. I am very happy with my membership at this gym. Don't forget about Pizza night and bagel morning. They also have massage chairs :)
Ive read some reviews speaking of "lunks" hanging in certain areas.  Look, a cheap price will bring in cheap people.  That said, whether its lunks, hoodlums, psychos, or free loathers, a low price to join certainly isnt going to ward them off.  Think about how this corporate chain makes its business.  How many members would you say they have paying money that dont use the facility?  ~$10 a month isnt to much to ignore on your bank statement. Ive not been to a cheap gym in a long time, so Ive not seen the staring jerks in quite some years.
It doesn't feel safe. There was a homeless/crazy man screaming about "devils" and telling them to get away while pushing his cart through the parking lot when my wife and I went to check it out. There's no way I'd let her go over there while the sun's down. It already felt unsafe while the sun was out.
I used to work out at this gym. It is usually not very crowded and the staff is very friendly. It has the cheapest membership monthly fees at only $10. If you are on a budget or live close to this gym I would use it. It is better than some of the other gyms in Gainesville that cost 5 times as much.
