This place is the bomb. So good, I had never tried it before until one of my co-workers introduced me to it but I'm glad she did! The bacon roll or whatever it's called is definetly one of the best things on the menu. However, I have tried several rolls and options other than the sushi and been impressed with them all. Love this place.
Every time we eat here the entree's are delicious. The staff is professional and friendly. Not sure what to order, your server will offer recommendation.  Enjoy a quick lunch and or an amazing dinner experience at Ichiban Sushi. Our number one Sushi bar in Gainesville.
We LOVE this place.  We eat here around once a week to once every two weeks.  We always get Iina for our server---she is AWESOME.  Great, gresh sushi, wonderful service.  Can't beat it.  Volcano roll, sweet roll (for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike). And, they will do just about anything for kids so they can get what they want. I LOVE their fried tofu appetizer, too.  Worth a visit!
One of only 2 places in town I will order sushi, and they are worth every penny! My favorite rolls include: symphony, crispy, dynamite, spicy salmon, Miami, & Florida. The edamame & crab wonton appetizers are delicious. My kids Love the chicken katsu and the manger even gave my kids chopstix helpers which were incredibly awesome! Always a family favorite!
My favorite sushi restaurant! Order any of the baked rolls. Delicious! We always leave in a food coma.
I will never being returning here after being ripped off by this establishment.   Me: "I am really craving fried shrimp tonight.  Is there a roll that you recommend that contains fried shrimp?" Waitress: "I recommend you create your own roll because or we can sub in fried shrimp in any roll.  Just let me know and I will happily make the substitution." Me: "I would like to order the Voo-doo Roll ($12.95).  Please sub in fried shrimp instead of the raw/steamed shrimp that the roll contains.  Are you sure you do not want to write this down?" Waitress: "Ok, no problem." The sushi arrived... Me: "This roll does not have fried shrimp in it." Waitress: "Oh, I thought you said you wanted raw shrimp." Me: "No, I said I wanted fried shrimp." Waitress walks off and I do not eat the roll. Waitress comes back to give us the check and the disgusting Voo-doo Roll ($12.95) is still on the bill and I did not touch the nasty roll. Waitress: "Do you want a box for that?" Me: "No, I do not want it.  It is not what I ordered.  Please take it off of the bill." Waitress: "This is a small locally owned business, our manager will not let me take it off of the bill, I will check and see." ...I see her talk to the manager at the bar, they both look at me.  Waitress returns,"The manager says that we cannot take the roll off of the bill." Me: "What?  You (the waitress) clearly made a mistake in my order and now I have to pay $12.95 for a roll that I will never eat???" Waitress: "I am sorry, but you have to pay for it..."  She walks off again. I did not raise my voice during the entire incident, nor did I act rude.  I remained completely calm.  However, I really wanted to throw the roll in her face... I was and still am completely livid about the situation and that they messed up my order and then made me pay for it.  I left with my party hungry and went to TCBY across the street.   AVOID!!!
I'd like to thank Yelpers for helping me to find Ichiban Sushi. All the good places in Gainesville seem to be hidden away, Ichiban Sushi was a dinner stop during a roadtrip to the University of Florida for a Japanese and Korean festival. We arrived at around 5:30PM (early-birds for sure, it'd be cool if they added an early-bird option here someday ;]). We were quickly seated and a waitress took our order. She wasn't the most attentive waitress and I wouldn't recommend the place based on her service, but the food did arrive quickly and tasted fresh. I ordered the Bento Box 4 (consisting of sushi, California Roll, shrimp and vegetable tempura, house salad, miso soup, and two scoops green tea ice cream). The box was around $17 and while not super cheap, it was more affordable than some other options in Gainesville such as Dragonfly Sushi (which has just been disappointing me in recent visits). All the sushi was great and was enjoyable down to the last bite. The tempura batter was satisfactory, but could have been a little better. The house salad and miso soup were both excellent and I rarely enjoy miso soup so that's saying something. The ginger on the house salad tasted freshly made. Yum. The green tea ice cream was a nice close to the meal and I felt like the bento box allowed for a complete taste adventure and was the best option available at the restaurant. The atmosphere of the restaurant is relaxed. There are plenty of booths, a sushi bar in the center, and televisions playing the latest UF sports games on them. Overall, Ichiban Sushi is a solid experience and was a pleasant experience. I can probably think of a handful of places in Tampa that would outshine Ichiban, but those places are 2 hours away. If you're hungry in Gainesville and craving some sushi, I'd recommend stopping here.
So I've eaten at Ichiban Sushi innumerable times since 2007, and while I'm still happy to eat here overall, overall I feel like they're slipping a bit, and I'm not sure if that's due to the new management's style or that the serving staff has gone through 100% turnover at this point.  I distinctly remember having a piece of nigiri here that tasted incredibly watery, as if the fish had been thawed out too quickly.  When I let the server know, she gave me some lame reasoning about "It must have been the way the chef cut the fish."  Really?  We're not talking about an aged steak here.  The corker was watching her rectify the problem by telling the other servers about it instead of offering to fix the issue.  How do I know she did this?  Because she did it in the dining room and not only could I HEAR her, she actually gestured to us!  Bad call, chica.   I haven't been back for a while because I' ve been getting my nigiri fix at Fuji Hana and my cooked Japanese dishes at Bento.  I would certainly come here to eat if asked by someone else, but it seems to have fallen off my "destination" list, which is really too bad.  3.5 stars.
I love this place. Wish I could rate better. But they have some major problems in the kitchen. Sushi chefs did a great job. Alan our server did a C minus job. Kitchen produced dishes at different times. Yes, it's Friday night be we got there at 7 before the rush. Richard the manager did a good job trying to make things right. Sushi quality was excellent. But the kitchen needs to get their act together. Only 2 stars for now, when there is Liquid Ginger, Bento, and Dragon Fly to choose from in the area.
This is my go-to place in town for sushi. I think my wife and I have been here more than any other restaurant in town, including one of our first dates. The Heart Of Florida Perks website used to regularly have half-priced vouchers for Ichiban(they have one available for the downtown location as I write this review) which was an added bonus and definitely upped the frequency of our visits. We have tried probably 75% of the rolls here and they are all delicious. I don't even think I have a favorite because they have all been that good. Some of the rolls tend to fall apart when eating them but that could be because of my chopstick handicap. Actually, it seems to only happen with the larger rolls or ones with a lot of eel or spicy sauce, so a sloppy roll is to be expected. Service has been substandard on multiple occasions, even in mid-afternoon with very few other customers eating at the same time. Last time we came I saw our rolls sitting on the sushi bar for 5-10 minutes before the waitress brought them over. We are loyal enough that it isn't nearly enough to keep us from returning, but it is enough to knock off a star. I love the feel of the restaurant... modern enough but very casual. It's well-lit and laid back so it works perfectly for a lunch spot, but intimate enough that it passes for a date night too. I haven't been to any world class sushi bars, but Ichiban tops the Gainesville list for us.
Great sushi, terrible pad Thai. This review is only for the pad Thai ONLY. 4 stars on their sushi otherwise. Ok ok it's a sushi place but I wasn't in the mood for sushi tonight so I tried the pork pad Thai. Too little pork, too much cabbage and the pad Thai noodles were broken, limp and fragile. Chopsticks were not an option because the noodles kept slipping through. The coloring was odd, not the light carmel brown I expected but almost completely white. I literally could not tell the difference between the noodles and cabbage. Flavor was bland with a barely detectable hint of peanut sauce. Service was ok. Had to get up and ask for a fork after waiting nearly 10 minutes for a check in (which we never got). I've been here at least a dozen times and took a chance on something I thought would be a sure thing. Never meandering off the sushi menu here again.
I liked Ichiban. Nothing special though. The prices were normal for most sushi places, maybe a little higher. The service however was excellent and very friendly. The sushi was good and the menu is pretty extensive. I ordered a Sakura roll with a Fried Squid appetizer. The squid wasn't that great, but the Sakura Roll was pretty good. My friends ordered Pho (delicious), Spring Rolls and other rolls. They liked it, but it certainly wasn't the best.
I have gone here several times. Usually the food is good or at least average. This last time it was below average. Maybe it was because it was Sunday night - but that really shouldn't matter. But, my food was not up to par. It seemed splashed together. I ordered several rolls "topped with eel." They were topped with ....EEL FLAKES. Sorry, little pieces of minced eel is not what you expect on sushi. I called to complain, and it became uncomfortable quickly during the conversation. So, I just said I had a different expectation. Yes - I expect bites of succulent eel. Everything else was bleh. I ate lots of ginger, fearing an upset tummy. I have had sushi in several countries and across the USA. I realize that this is only Gainesville, but I have had better sushi in Gainesville. I'll be taking a break from Ichiban until someone can vouch that it has improved.
Let's clarify a few things first.....  i heard this place will be good. And I was told to have high expectation for this place. So my friends and I went to Ichiban about two weeks ago.  We went to the one by 25th place and not the one in downtown.    We ordered two sushi rolls, two appetizers and 3 entries and a dessert.   Food:  The sushi rolls were amazing.  We ordered the Aji San Sushi Roll and the Deja Vu Roll.  One of the best cooked sushi roll i have had in long time1 was the Aji San Sushi roll.  Cooked salmon , eel, banana avocado, crab.. and cream cheese...  with the spicy sauce...  The cooked salmon added the tenderness of the roll. The Deja Vu was good too but  it was nothing special... just tuna yellowtail conch crab wakame cucumber topped with spicy sauce.   BUt very goood Combination that brings out the tuna taste.   For appetizers we ordered the Beef Tartaki and the Calamari -  THe calimari was really breaded but there was a large amount calamari in the dish.  However, the Beef Tartaki was delicious.. Well seasoned, cooked, and presented.  A bit pricey.... but it was good.   For entrees... two of us ordered a korean dish called Ja Jung Mein.  Noodles with a black bean paste sauce with pork on top of it... With a egg and Chicken tempura on top of the dish...  This dish took me by surprise. The flavor of the sauce with noodles was great. It melted together and it was not too strong.  It was a bit sweet and salty, just enough to go with the noodles. At the end, we ended up getting a Cheesecake Tempura. That was great. Big piece too. Overall, the service was fantastic.  Our Waitress refilled our drinks without even asking her once.. She also provided us with everything....... I MEAN EVERYTHING!  and constantly came to check on us.  Anyhow this was during a slow time. I want to go back when it is busy to see how they work and serve under pressure. Meanwhile... I will give it a 5 star because it completed all around categories. .
Consistently good sushi with nice appetizers to boot. While the prices are a bit steep compared to, say, Bento, but for the atmosphere and consistent quality, I am willing to pay the extra few dollars for an amazing roll. Speaking of an amazing roll, the dynamite is my personal favorite. With a side of edamame, it is a meal on its own. Fresh salmon, cream cheese, crab, scallions, and masago tempura-fried and topped with eel sauce. It is durn tasty. My friends routinely order the drum roll (I love the name!), the Aji San roll, and the volcano roll. All have received rave reviews. Go hungry. Pick your favorite roll. Order a couple of appetizers to share. Enjoy!
My place for sushi.   I really like their "Leo's Bacon Roll" and, in fact, prefer the Sushi Samba-like ones with tons of ingredients on them.   Or are you really expecting outstanding sushi with farmed fish and wasabi from a tube?  Like what everywhere else in town uses?
This place is 1 or 2 on my list of sushi places in Gainesville.  It is kind of out of the way so it's not always jammed with people, which is a great plus for me.  I usually get the nigiri sushi instead of the rolls here simply because that's what I like.  The fish so far always been fresh and portion is very nice.  This is one of the only places I've seen that has suki yaki, which is great during cold days.   The waiters were great, always smiling and made sure drinks were full.
Amazing food.  I recommend the Ashi San roll.  It's 12.95 but you only need one.  With this and some Miso soup you're good to go.  After the Ashi San roll no other suchi will do it for you. The Ashi San is baked.  Salmon, cream cheese, spicy sauce and other stuff.   Their onion soup is very good.  I get it every time I go there.   I've been gong there for years and never have been disappointed.
Ichiban has awesome sushi rolls, I've loved every single roll I've tried there. I'm also a fan of their Yakisoba and my boyfriend loves their Chirashi bowls. They get extra points for having Sapporo on draft. I noticed that they have pho on their menu and ordered it a few nights ago. It was delicious! I know this isn't a Vietnamese restaurant, so I was amazed. It took a little long to come out because they make the broth when you order it (as it should be). It came out in a piping-hot bowl with melt-in your mouth pieces of beef and thick rice noodles. It was so tasty I didn't even feel like I should ask for Hoisin sauce or Sriracha. I give it four stars because their service could be a lot better. It took the server forever to get our drinks. Also, they have an annoying slideshow/video of exotic landscapes during dinner, I recommend sitting outside.
I recently got take-away here and it was superb: fresh, simple, sushi the way I expect sushi to be and made very promptly. When I've dined in on some past visits, the waitstaff has seemed ill-informed on their menu and sushi in general, but the hostess who took my take-away order was informed, polite, and quickly got the order in and saw that the sushi was ready to go in short time. The salmon nigiri--an item that will display the freshness of fish for better or worse--was great as were my rolls. I've had better sushi in California and elsewhere certainly and I've not been impressed with Ichiban's sister location downtown, however the original north-west location probably turns out the best basic sushi in the Gainesville area. They were doing a good business in both dine-in and take-away the Friday night when I was there.
Ichiban Sushi is a basic classic Japanese restaurant that serves a variety of cold and hot Japanese food.  For some reason, they also serve basic Korean dishes such as kalbi.    The dcor is clean, classic Japanese touches that is functional and is also well-lit.  The service was attentative although our server was not too knowledgeable in the food. I started with simple pieces of salmon and tuna nigiri.  The salmon and tuna were average.   The fish had no faults but also did not have anything spectacular.  The cuts of meat were fine, and the cost of the sushi was okay.  I could have easily bought my own fish to cut and it'll be more fresh.  I tried my friend's pieces of crispy roll which was uninspiring and typical but otherwise edible. I ordered the seafood udon bowl which came in a gigantic bowl with fish, vegetables, and oysters.  No naruto (fishcake) in sight.  The udon noodle itself was obviously not freshly made but tasted okay.  The fish was a nice addition but it didn't really add much to the soup base.  The soup base was truly lackluster since it had very little depth.  After a while I got tired of eating it so they should probably downscale the size and bring up the quality. I tried my friend's tonkatsu (fried pork cutlet) which was coated in poor panko breading resulting in a less crispy and DRY piece of pork.  The tonkatsu sauce had too much citrus flavor, and lacked the savory sweetness that goes with it.  The steamed vegetables were a nice touch, though.  The tempura was fried so poorly that there were burnt brown edges to the vegetables and in the end, it wasn't even crispy!  Furthermore, the vegetables and shrimp pieces used were tiny and low quality for the price. Overall, your average Japanese joint but with nothing new to the table, nothing interesting, but it'll please the majority.  At least it serves Dragonfly "quality" without the exorbitant price.  2.5 stars
With the minor exception of the musty towel/rag smell that hits you upon entering, this place is pretty good.  I have visited approximately 7 or 8 times and the food is always fresh.  I have had Sushi, Pho, Bento boxes, etc.  Never been disappointed from a food quality perspective.   The service is ok; its kind of hit or miss depending on where they sit you.  Its never been terrible, but it does slightly fluctuate.  There is a tall skinny guy (don't know his name) that is pretty attentive, try for his section....   Just ask for the tall skinnny guy :-)
Always consistent, good sushi, clean well maintained, not as trendy as Dragonfly, but don't let that throw you off. Can't complain about this place.
First let me say that I am extremely picky about sushi. The freshness and taste here is great. I gave it 4 stars because I know of two other sushi places outside of the state that are better but in this area, this is the best. Good roll selection and prices are average.
Where you go when Las Margaritas has too long a wait. It's neat to sit at the bar.
A short and sweet review I like this place alot...I dont always go for the sushi. Latley ive been ordering there teriyaki chicken with onions soup and vegitables. By far the best teriyaki chicken I think gainesville has to offer. Its not very expensive and the people that work there are nice. They have a fully stocked bar and a variety of saki's So good I went there twice over the weekend. My girlfriend ordered california rolls and ckicken tempora rolls , i had one of each and they were both delicious. Bottom line-- This is one of my favorite lunch spots. I recomend everybody to try it. Good food, good atmosphere, good price.
Ichiban would have received better ratings from me if there service was as consistent as their food. The price is decent for sushi, and they have a wide selection of choices. However every time I go I am not sure what my experience will be like. overall this is definitely a must try
First time visiting the Ichiban Sushi and was impressed with quality and quantity of food and "willingness to please" from the staff.   Enjoyed the atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff and will put this on my recommended list. I have a long history of living in Asians countries and eating asian food in the US and found this restaurant one that I will return to on a regular schedule.  The price and service are well within acceptable range and the wifi connection was not up to expectation but did not have a material impact on my dinning experience.   This is a very well kept secret and up to par with the more profiled Japanese restaurant in Gainesville Florida.   Don B
Ichiban is always great.  Try the rainbow roll and have them make it with salmon.  The sushi is always great here as well as the service.
This place is the kind you don't stray from once you discover it! I've been going to Ichiban for several years. Everything on the menu is tops. The service is amazing! Dino was our server recently and I have to say he's one of the top 3 servers I've had in my life. And I've eaten all over the world & at several upscale restaurants. He's top top! To the good stuff! All the sushi & sashimi is amazing. But personally, my recent favorite rolls are the downtown roll & the symphony roll. If you're looking for the perfect blend of flavors & textures these two will meet you & leave you happy! You'll be wanting more! Which is better is a toss up, but I'm leaning torwards the symphony roll. Want to be really happy? Order both! Umami it up when you order the Tuna Tataki! OMG! So amazing! And the wagu style beef! Happiness is found with these two orders. Other goodies on the menu are the fried squid, the beef skewers, the miso soup of course, the spring & summer rolls have all met my approval! To make all of the sushi, sashimi & spring rolls sing an extra note, pair it with some rasberry saki! The menu I've only experienced a small portion of & I'm looking forward to my next adventure at Ichiban! For you cost concerned folks: They get their fish from the same mongers as Dragonfly, and have some of the same Chef's! Get the goods at a better cost!
I love Ichiban. Its prices are affordable, the service has always been good to great, and the sushi and food (in general) is yummy. It's a nice alternative to Dragonfly when it's busy there, you don't feel like spending as much money, or you want a bigger bang (portions) for your buck. But I'm sorry, it must be said that the pad thai is terrible. It's nothing like pad thai I've had in any other Thai restaurant (and my parents own a Thai restaurant with actual Thai people in the kitchen). I ordered chicken pad thai take-out, and I couldn't even really finish it. Maybe Ichiban should just stick with the Japanese stuff.
best to stick to the noodles.  they are pretty decent. dont really care for the other otems on the menu.  funny how you can order chinese, japanese, korean, and thai curries from a place called ichiban sushi.  talk about one stop shopping.  as it goes with most of these types of places many dishes are ok but not spectacular. only thing i really dislike here is the tempura.  i have never and doubt i ever will again see tempura prepared with sweet and sour pork frying batter!
Came here for a girls night out last Friday night... it was very fun and enjoyable!!  So just to start off... I had only been to one other sushi restaurant in my life which was when I was pretty young, and I don't really remember it to clearly.  The only place I really remember buying sushi was Whole Foods market... so needless to say, I don't have much sushi experience! Ichiban was really yummy.  We got a variety of dishes and shared.  I was really hungry, and worried that the sushi would not fill me up, so I got the Red Thai Curry Chicken dish.  It was delicious!! I love thai food, and this rendition of Red Curry was awesome with the coconut milk and a fun surprise of pineapple chunks.  It also came with a choice of soup or salad and rice. My girlfriends got the Mexican roll and the Alaskan roll, both of which were yummy. I recommend for a fun night out, and maybe I will be able to broaden my horizons in sushi cuisine one day!
Ichiban used to be my go-to place for sushi since we live close by. We have been perhaps 50 times since it first opened.  I am giving it 3 stars because I can't select 2.5.  The reason is the variable quality.  Sometimes it is fantastic:fresh fish, stellar rice, huge rolls.  Then other times, seemingly at random, the rolls shrink, the rice changes, and the prices increase. The staff is always fantastic. We still roll the dice and go just because it's close with good results about half the time.  With the last price increase we are looking for a new favorite place.
Most consistently the best sushi in town.  I have been eating there for 10 years and have only had excellent food always at a fair price.
I usually only make it to Ichiban when I am in the area; It is a good NW place to get sushi.  The restaurant recieved a little of a makeover a few years ago and the service is friendly.
The food is average but the service is extremely slow! Every single time I am there for lunch, it takes an hour and a half. When you go for lunch or dinner, you have to be prepared as it may take a long time.
This place was a great find.  I was driving through town and was starving.  my GPS led me to this place.  How wonderful!!  Lots of unique rolls and the sushimi was fresh.  I was really surprised as I didn't think gainesville was a large enough town to have a great sushi but it is!!  the restaurant itself had a great atmosphere, contemporary and bright.
Great place for sushi but the drinks are like water!!!! The beef teryaki is great too
Decent sushi bar.....good atmosphere and service.  Price was very reasonable.  Great for a weekday dinner.
Some of the best sushi I've found
i didn't even know this place existed for the entirety of my undergraduate experience.  i was too busy being disappointed by the likes of chop stix.   they have the best pad thai i've had in gainesville (although i'm not too sure how impressive that is), hands down, and not too pricey.  when i ordered it to go,  they gave me a mountain of food that filled the entire foam container.  easily 3 or 4 meals and definitely more than usually comes in an entree in the restaurant.  i'm pretty sure i ended up throwing away the end of it when it entered the "perhaps this has been in the fridge too long..." phase.  i tried a few appetizers while i was there and was equally pleased.   worth the drive out to stupid millhopper.
This is the pretty much the ONLY place I go for sushi. I've tried other place, but none have come close to the yumminess I get here. I always have such a hard time deciding which rolls I want. Right now I'm on a Gator roll kick, but the Dynamite roll has always been my default. The staff there is great. However, parking can be a bit of a pain there, so it's best to go during off hours, or for take out. I'm yet to be let down by Ichiban.
Great sushi
Best sushi restaurant my husband and I have ever been to.  (So sad we moved away and seriously consider flying back just for Ichiban).  We have been treated so kindly by all servers.  And the sushi was top-of-the-line (Chicken Tempura was one of our favorites!)  We miss you Ichiban and have yet to find another sushi restaurant that gives such stellar service and Chicken Tempura rolls!
There are a bunch of sushi places in Gainesville, but only a few good ones. Ichiban is one of the good ones. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because they aren't 100% consistent- out of 50+ visits, there were a few that were only so-so. Prices you would (or at least should) expect for sushi.
I went to this place with my roommates, and was told that it was pretty tasty. The menu was fairly extensive, in a good way, plenty of options to order from. The sushi was fantastic, I got the smoked salmon roll, and requested half of it with regular salmon and half with the smoked salmon, and both halves were tasty tasty tasty! One of my roommates and I ordered a wakame salad to share, and normally you can't go wrong with that. From my experience, I give it three stars, because of some of the service. Our original waitress was very helpful and patient with us while we decided what to order. There was another waitress who 1) couldn't get our bill correctly and 2) had an attitude. My roommate wanted to cover the salad with her roll since we couldn't split that cost. The first time the other waitress brought our checks, she split the rolls and salad rather than one roll on one bill, and a roll and a salad on another. The next time, she put the salad on my bill, though we clearly said to put it on my roommate's bill. Because we didn't want to have to correct her again, we just put my card paying for my roommate's roll, and my roommate's card paying for my roll and the salad. When we got our receipts, the waitress had changed the tabs so that the right roll (my roommate's roll) was put on the same bill as the salad, and my roll was charged alone, YET since my roommate and I tried to be less demanding, I was STILL charged for the roll AND salad. The fact that this one waitress got it wrong THREE times really put a damper on our experience.
I am pretty amused that so many people in G-ville love this place. It really hones in on the fact that there are few good dining options in this town and customer requirements are pretty low. First, this is a chain, and rarely are chains worthy of more than 3 star (Ruth's Christ and PF Chang's notable exceptions). The quality of the food certain reflects that of a chain. The midi soup was ok, but the was only one house (green) tea that was pretty bland. Then there was the chirashi bowl. As I stated in my review of Fuji Sushi, artificial crab is NOT sushi, even if you call it Krab. But to make thing worse, Ichiban also had a pile of Krab mesh in some sort of cream sauce. WTF! What part of "assorted sashimi" did you not understand in your OWN menu?? Bad form. In addition, the one piece of shrimp tasted like dry rubber. The little bit of actual raw fish I got was fair, but truth is I get better cuts at Northwest Fish Market (across the street). About the only thing that is good here is the cost. But maybe I should have gotten something more expensive if I wanted it to taste good too. At last, I have still yet to find a half decent sushi restaurant in Gainesville. If you have low standards or are crazy desperate for some sort of sushi like meal, come here I guess. Otherwise, get some fresh sashimi grade tuna at the market and cut it yourself. BEST DISH: the world may never know.
Best Sushi in Gainesville. They know their way around a fish, none of the pretentiousness of Dragonfly.
I have been a fan for years.  However this was the worst service I have ever had and the manager was the rudest and most engaging. New management is poor and the sushi chefs were average. Wait staff could not handle a party of 8 on a Monday night. Very disappointing
