Having heard and read about AWF from several of my friends, I was very excited to try their pizza, and I finally got the chance when they rolled into Cymplify a few weeks ago for a food truck rally. I ordered the Marge and a Mexican Coke (no real taste difference from regular Coke). I waited about 10 to 15 minutes for my pizza, but it was fine, as that is what I would expect to wait anywhere for a pizza. The pizza was incredible. All of the ingredients tasted so fresh. The sourdough crust is very thin but so tasty. A pizza here is the perfect size for one person; you could share with someone else, but it was easy for a hungry, petite girl to finish this off all on her own (and in about 5 minutes because I couldn't stop myself). Because it is a wood-fired pizza, you should expect the crust to be a little overcooked. That said, it is delicious this way, and if you want an undercooked, mushy, artificial-ingredient crust, go to Domino's or Pizza Hut or Papa John's. This crust is the real deal--what pizza crust should taste and feel like. (Sidebar: During my particular visit, another customer received his pizza and said, "The crust is burnt." The pizza cook guy was really annoyed by this and just threw the entire pizza in the garbage. I don't know if he cooked another one or what, but I thought this was a bit dramatic; there were a lot of other people standing around that would have paid for that pizza!) At about $15 a pizza (a few are less than that), this isn't exactly the best pizza deal in town, but it is certainly one of the most satisfying. Worth a try, and you won't be disappointed. Easily the best pizza in GNV.
It's just way too expensive, It was 13 dollars without tip for a pizza with nothing on it besides sauce, not even cheese.   I like the idea and the quality is obvious but I think it should be cheaper.
One pizza is about sized for one hungry person. Two small eaters could definitely share one pizza. If the pizza was $10, we'd be coming here once a week. At $15, we will probably go once a month. Both the cheese and pancetta were delicious. Sourdough crust was very thin but had the right mix of crispy and soft in different places. Due to the wood fire, the crust was a bit well done around the edges, but this was completely expected. Summary: Great pizza at above average prices. Worth a try at least once.
I really really wanted to at least give them 3 stars. I had been following Ameraucana on facebook for a few weeks. No nights until now were good for us to try Ameraucana until tonight. They definitely seem to have a following and had a steady order line. The pizza cooked fast and the price was $14 for our pizza. Size was small to medium. Taste is what was lacking. You can definitely tell the ingredients are fresh and high quality. But even with the ingredients the sauce was lacking in taste. The wood cooked pizza just really didn't have any wood cooked flavor. The pizza was just ehh so so. We had higher expectations given the online reviews but I just don't feel they delivered. While we might give them another try another day we won't be rushing back. Sorry Ameraucana
Hungry consumer, consider the following: -This is a food truck -There is limited service involved and, therefore, increased scrutiny on the bigger aspects (food, timeliness, etc.) -Options are limited, such that it can be hit or miss Ameraucana Wood Fire (henceforth AWF) is owned by a low-key mobile food service that puts forward a pie with indulgently delicious ingredients that (not without difficulty, but do so) justify the price of a pie.  One bite of a slice will insure you devour the remainder without hesitation. The Space Again: this is a food truck.  It's a trailer and they provide no seating of their own, relying instead on the immediate venue they park at (as is typical).  I had ample time to peer inside the trailer they use and it was immaculately clean. The Service I arrived almost as soon as they did to the venue they would be serving at for the next several hours, and despite my eagerness to order, the owner assured me that they would need a few more minutes to insure the optimum temperature for cooking the pie.  Was I mad? NOPE.  During the wait I engaged in small talk and even learned more about their insistence on freshness of ingredients. The Goods I ordered the homemade sausage pie. Definitely defined as a "personal pizza" in terms of size, this pie was incredible nonetheless.  The cheese was above average in quality and flavor, the freshness of the basil was notable and appreciated, and even the crust indicated a concern for quality...but the sausage was sublime.  Without a doubt I will find any version of "sausage" on a pizza underwhelming as a result of this experience, and I hold nothing against AWF for making me feel this way. PRO TIP: This food truck accepts popular credit cards Final Thoughts They are hard to find because they care about which venues they are seen at, but they have no issue supporting local venues that also happen to be of similar quality/integrity (CYMPLIFY Market, Midnight Cookies, Tipples, etc.)  It is obvious that when you pay the $10-14 for your pie you are getting an immediate return in quality of ingredients, making the decision an easy one in my eyes.  AMF is a fail-safe slice on ANY night you should find yourself close by.
Some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life! You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients and the sourdough bread really shines. I try to get everyone i know to try this pizza and you should too!
Ameraucana Wood Fire is pretty high up on my list of favorite pizza places around the country and definitely the best in Gainesville. The thin sourdough crust has a distinct chewiness that yeast dough can't compete with. That, coupled with the fresh ingredients and a wood fire oven means that I've trekked across town looking for where the pizza truck went that day. I also love the fact that the owner creates new pizzas depending on what toppings he has on hand. I haven't been disappointed by those specialty pizzas yet!
My first AWF encounter was over a month ago at Tipple's, and I've been back twice - both at Tipple's and at Cymplify. I've had the Marge and the spicy pancetta - both absolutely delicious. Tried the spicy pancetta for the first time this evening, and I can't wait to have it again - pancetta, fior di latte, basil, red pepper flakes, and honey. As others have stated, the ingredients are fresh, and the portions are good for one person (I'm not sharing, lol). I honestly don't mind paying $11-15 for such a great local pizza. Credit cards are accepted via Square mobile payments. Follow them on Facebook to find out where they're going next.
This is hands down the best pizza in Gainesville (or whatever town they happen to be parked in).  While many folks might hand that title to satchel's, I feel satchel's relies on style points for environment but I'd describe their actual food/pizza as decent. On the flip side, these guys are a food truck so they stand on their pizza alone and it absolutely shows. The wood fire oven gets up to over 1000 degrees which is how you get a pie to turn out the way theirs does (bubbly and toasted exterior but soft and doughy on the inside). It's similar in style to a Grimaldi's pizza in NYC (though their oven is coal).   I hope these guys open a store front soon because I find myself Facebook stalking them and chasing them around town on pizza night. The owners are really cool and understand the value of what fresh, milky mozzarella and imported San Marzano tomatoes bring to a pizza.  I thought about this pizza everyday for a week after I had it the first time. I've had this pizza about 5 times since and it has been a consistent and delicious experience each time.
Great pizza, dough is delicious.  I'm more a traditional pizza fan, with tomato sauce, cheese.  But I tried one of their pesto pizzas, which I didn't think I'd like, and now I'm hooked.  They change flavors regularly, so it's always an adventure (they had one with leeks and... cappicola I think?  it was amazing!). Only complaint is the crust sometimes can be a little too charred.
Pizza is amazing. We basically follow them around Gainesville. It's seriously that good. Fresh ingredients,  fantastic chewy sourdough crust,  and the staff is always really friendly. Also,  I'm lactose intolerant,  so they always work with me and make it how I like it. Highly recommend checking them out. The spicy pancetta is to die for
This pizza is always worth the wait! The ingredients are fresh, the staff is friendly and the chewy Sourdough crust has us following this truck a few times a month. If you don't get there early you risk them selling out of pizza; that speaks for how delicious it is!
