I have only used their massage service so far, and highly recommend it. The facility is very high-end looking and the massage rooms are above average. The front desk staff and massage therapists are professional. The front desk is always staffed, unlike other places where I would have to leave a message and call back at awkward times. All summer long they were moderately busy, so with school starting it may get busier. Massage table was extremely comfortable with aromatherapy candles and soothing music. Overall, I had a great experience and have been there twice already. The location is also very good with parking in the UF garage up above with validation.
I've been coming here for years. I've had everything from a cut to a massage to a pedicure. I keep coming back because it's the best place I've found in Gainesville for any beauty services.
I'm new to the Gainesville area and went to Avant Garde in hopes that I could receive a great eyebrow wax. Considering it's a salon with extensive waxing services, I figured it would be great. The first time I went, the girl who did my eyebrows was so pleasant and gave me great tips on how to keep my eyebrows in the best condition between waxes. Although she was nice, I wasn't "wowed" by her services or the salon. I'm a firm believer in trying things twice to firmly say I don't like something, so I returned two months later to get my eyebrows done. I had the same girl that originally did my eyebrows. My appointment was at 3, so I got there at about 2:50 to wait. She didn't end up taking me until 3:30 because her previous customer had gotten a french manicure and apparently that takes 30 extra minutes. While I was waiting, the receptionist staff were cold, unwelcoming, and dismissive when I told them that I had been waiting for a half hour and wanted to know how much longer it would be for my waxer to be ready for me. Once she was able to take me, she set me up at one of the hair-washing bowls. Mine was nice and clean, but the 4 on either side had remnants of old hair laying in the washbowls. That is completely unacceptable for any hair salon, especially one that touts it's "upscale clientele." While I was sitting and having my eyebrows waxed (in the open area for all of the clients to see), I observed two stylists sitting and talking in their chairs while piles of hair sat around their stations. I understand that they do have down time when they don't have customers, but it looks bad for a) to have left over hair to be sitting around a station and b) to be sitting and presumably gossiping in the open for the customers to see. Since I've tried this place twice, I can confidently say that I will not return for any waxing or hair styling services at Avant Garde.
I don't remember the name of the girl who cut my hair, but while she was very sweet and easy to talk to, I feel like she didn't really listen to what I wanted done. When I first got there, she had me sit down and do a 10 minute consultation. One word: awkward. She asked me robotic questions and had me scaling my hair from 1-10 on dryness, volume and how much I liked it. It was really uncomfortable and felt very forced... most of the questions didn't even relate to what I wanted done. She kept prying on how I would like to color my hair if I ever did, even though I had stressed that I loved my natural color. I have curly hair and wanted some choppy layers throughout to keep my hair bouncy and fun. She took only a little off the ends, and when I asked her to go shorter around my face she seemed hesitant and then just took a tiny bit more off. She definitely did not seem comfortable working with my hair or doing anything aside from a simple trim, which made me feel like I was not getting what I was paying for. I left the salon with some uneven strands and spent the next week trimming away at my own hair every time I passed a mirror. Unfortunately I am now going to have to try another salon to try and get what I originally wanted.
I switched salons to Avant Garde because Orie, who had cut my hair at another salon, has moved there. Orie had left Gainesville to teach at a beauty academy elsewhere over a year ago and missing home, returned to town and started working at Avant Garde. Needless to say, I was very glad he came back to Gainesville. He is the best hair-stylist I've ever had, and I've had some very good ones in San Francisco and elsewhere. I seriously feel Orie is as good as people who have cut my hair at Cinta and Vidal Sasson's SF locations and other top-flight salons and he's less-expensive, too. Another aspect of Orie I really appreciate is that he's fast. He told me he is faster than most stylists are and some clients even felt that wasn't the best thing because they expect a high-end salon to take some time. This is not to say he is in a hurry or not as attentive as he should be: he is 100% attentive and careful and does what needs to be done with great concern, but he doesn't waste time, either. If you want your stylist to double as your therapist or best friend, maybe that would be a problem, but if you're like me and want a great haircut and not to spend forever sitting in a salon, Orie's a dream come true. He was able to wash my hair and cut it in far less than an hour whereas other stylists have taken over an hour, and with a guy's hair that's pretty silly. He's also very honest and will answer any questions you have about your hair or products in a forthright way. While he got the job done quickly, we also had ample time to speak of things I might want done in the future, color, and so on. The salon is very welcoming and as it's fairly new, the atmosphere is sleek and modern. Unlike some reviewers, I found everyone at the front desk to be very friendly, too. When I walked in, Orie and another man (one of the owners I think) were up front and I was asking Orie about his own hair (which is stunning: do we not expect stylists to have amazing hair themselves? Well, he has it). The other guy chimed in and was very outgoing, too. I'm really elated Orie is back in town: the only other stylist in Gainesville I've found of his caliber was a girl named Rose years ago who long since moved on and I've been unhappy with many other stylists I've tried, so it's refreshing to have someone who is so skilled in Gainesville. I was seriously considering going to Orlando to get my hair done before Orie came back. Now, I don't have to do that.
Nice salon inside. Very upscale. Went in to get my wife a gift certificate. All I can comment on right now is the ascetics of the place, the customer service was excellent, and the prices are very good. 20% discount for Shands employees At present they had a main, pedi and 1 hour massage for $65, can't beat that. I'll update my review once my wife tells me how she does or does not like them.
I tried another salon in town and they didn't listen to how I wanted my hair. I ended up darker when I went in for a highlight. A co-worker suggested Avant Garde so I have it a try. The staff was amazing. I called to make an appointment on Friday and was in seeing someone on Saturday. I had the pleasure of having Rob as my friend suggested and he did amazing. He listened to what I had to say, took the time to carefully plan out my color getting suggestions from other workers and it turned out great! I love my new color! The staff works well together to get you what you want. Ill be going back and suggesting this place to everyone. Plus, if you work at Shands you get a discount!
Many years of getting haircuts have endowed in me a healthy distrust of upscale salons. Every time I'd been in the past, the woman cutting my hair may have been a real talent with women's hair, but just shut down as if she's never touched a guy's hair in her life. I always ended up walking out feeling like my hair felt not quite right while my pocket felt substantially lighter. In spite of this tradition of getting bad haircuts at upscale salons, I decided to give Avant Garde a shot since they're so close to where I live and work. You would think that AG would put someone with more experience cutting guy's hair on the job for a new guy customer, but instead I got a girl who acted like she was terrified of my hair. She spent the first ten minutes trying to sell me on their shampoo and oh-so-tingly "after-shampoo" shampoo, chatting up a storm, and then proceeded to gingerly snip at my hair at a rate that would've taken hours had she not gotten a consult from a girl working another guy's hair. This other stylist stepped in and basically taught her how to cut my hair, doing about 50% of the work. Shouldn't they learn this in hair stylist school? I felt like a guinea pig sitting in a fancy chair. In spite of this crash course, my stylist continued to snip and pick at my hair as if I were a topiary at Versailles. The one thing she did right was to get that consult, because my hair actually wasn't terrible at the end. However, it took an hour and a half from the time of my appointment, I missed dinner, I was in a bad mood, and I spent way too much money for the cut I got. For less than half the price, I get an awesome haircut at Great Clips on 13th and 23rd. Sure, there are kids bouncing around the place half the time, but I'd rather have that than house music and a stylist who has no idea how to cut my hair. The best thing about my Avant Garde experience was the double shampoo before my haircut, which earns AG a generous 2 stars.
Rudest Staff I have ever spoken to. Very difficult to schedule and appointment. Then I finally got an appointment and unfortunately had to cancel last minute due to a family emergency. The person on the phone rudely told me that they have a 24 hour cancellation policy and they would bill me for my next cancellation. News flash...it's a hair salon...not a surgery suite. I have purchased a LivingSocial deal with them, and have yet to be able to schedule an appointment. They find out that I'm a living social client and treat me like garbage. I was using the living social to test out the salon and hopefully find services that I like. Unfortunately they are so rude over the phone, I'm hestitant to get any of their services. It's Gainesville, not South Beach, stop trying to be something that you aren't, and just offer good services already.
I love avant garde! I have been a client for over 5years and always have the best experiences there! Bryan,rob,mike, and Nicky always make me feel welcome and give me the best service possible! People complain about the price,but when it comes to looking good should that be an issue? You get what you pay for at avant garde, which is high end services and treatment. The best is you can have a spa day under one roof!
Have been seeing Bryan for 2 years. He gives excellent "dry cuts". Best part is- he listens:-)  Great with color. Highly recommend.
Fabulous!  Definitely going back.
So I went back to try the $20 Tuesdays, and wasn't happy with the experience. I got my cut by a nice, though inattentive, hair dresser. Bryan didn't inspect it like I was told he would. I thought it looked good, but when I got home, the woman said it looked choppy in the back. I am a man. I am not the best at judging a good or bad haircut, especially in the back of my head. My vision isn't great either, and trying to see the blending in the back of my head from my chair is like trying to inspect a pimple on a gnats butt. I called Bryan and he agreed to look at it the next day. When I came in, he showed the hair dresser where it could have been better. It looked very good after he cleaned it up, but I could have saved a lot of time and some driving if he had just checked it the first time around. I didn't take any stars away, but I won't be using the $20 Tuesdays again. Bottom line is Bryan is great, but expensive. The others are hit or miss, but cheap. Take you pick.
I had a manicure here with Charity, who is wonderful, and the rest of the staff was really great as well. The salon is very nicely decorated and has a great ambiance. They offered coffee, wine, or soda as soon as I came in and every employee I saw was friendly. I've been to a lot of salons and I must say that is impressive! If you're a Shands employee, the 20% discount is too good to pass up.
I'm from out of town and went to Avant Garde because I'd heard good things. I was unimpressed. The reception was rude. The basically pushed some paperwork at me and then ignored me. They didn't even show me where the seated area was and left me lingering by the door until I figured it out. Sammy, who cut my hair, was unpleasant. She didn't offer me anything, I had to ask for coffee. Then, during my consultation, I told her I didn't want stacking in the back because in the picture I brought, it didn't look like there were a lot of layering in the back. She actually snapped at me and said "Well, we can't see the back so..." it was the way she said it, snappish and argumentative. Really weird. Anyway, the haircut was uncomfortable. She never checked to make sure the two sides were even and when I got home, they weren't. I mean off by a lot. I won't go back in there to get it fixed. I have an appointment somewhere else today.
