I feel the need to share my knowledge and experience with massage envy so far in hopes that it may be of use to someone. 1) I had a great 1st massage at the advertised sale price of $39.99 plus tip for the massage therapist for a 60 min massage (10 mins of it is used for consult) 2) Waiting area is unisex and there are no locker rooms/showers/complimentary self-serve drinks/bathrobes. 2) Immediately after your 1st massage there and upon paying at the reception area, they give you a speech on the spot about if you sign a 1 year contract today, they will waive a sign on fee plus you get to spin for "bonus" service. I did sign up and I was awarded a facial upgrade. Included in my membership pamphlet was also a coupon for a one time free 30 min massage time add on 3) If you sign up for the contract, you are saying you commit to paying $59.99/month for 12 months. For your membership, you receive one complimentary 60 min massage/month. If you think about it, it's not complimentary in the truest sense bc you pay $59.99/month to them. 4) Massages you schedule in addition to the complimentary one are at a discounted price: $39.99 for 60 min massage, etc. 5) My 2nd massage was my "complimentary" one with the same massage therapist. I used my 30 min add on free upgrade for a 90 min massage total. Disappointingly, it wasn't as great as the 1st time. It ended up being so-so. I'm going to try another massage therapist next time. Overall, if I had to do it again, I would not have signed up for a year with massage envy. If you're dissatisfied with the service, you're stuck for a year bc of the contract. In hindsight, I would opt for instead: 1) a prescription for massage therapy from my doctor or chiropractor and only have a co-pay after my insurance, 2) use the FL massage school students at a cheaper price, 3) try Stillpoint Massage, which I found out only charges $45 for a 60 min massage without a contract. This is just my take on massage envy. If you want to know more thorough information about their membership and rewards, I advise you to read up on their web page before making a decision. Hope this information was useful.
Being a member here has been a horrible experience. The manager of this facility is very out of tune with the value and appreciation of good customer service. After canceling my membership due to medical reasons, I had extra hours on my membership that I was told could not be utilized because of a disagreement with the manager and her handling of the situation on a personal level instead of professional level. After confirming with the manager that any facility would honor my hours not used, just not the Gainesville location out of a grudge the manager held. I would never have anything good to say of massage envy due to this horrible experience and service.
I have had decent massages and facials here. I've been a member for a year. I did have one LMT that stunk of cigarette smoke. My issue is that I filled out my paperwork to discontinue my membership in a timely manner. Apparently, it was left in a folder and didn't make it to the manager's desk. An additional an unexpected charge hit my account. It took the manager two days and a follow up call to even call me back. She had "been in meetings" until then. I felt that her apology was inauthentic as there seemed to be no urgency in reversing the charge to my bank account. I have submitted two complaints to the corporate website and have gotten no response. There are so many wonderful LMTs in Gainesville. Save yourself the hassle of dealing with this corporation. UPDATE: I am continuing to have issues with being reimbursed for the unauthorized charge. In trying to find a phone number for customer service, I came across MANY other dissatisfied ME customers across the country. There is even a website: massageenvyblows.com. Normally I might think this type thing is ridiculous. However, the stories sound ALL TOO familiar!
I could give a great review based on my massage therapist's work.  However, overall this place is quite a rip off.  Do not add the extras to your session as it detracts from your actual time.  Did I mention you only get about 45 mins of the 60 that your are supposed to get?  That's with no add ons!
Just understand that this is a business and not a luxury spa. They have no frills. There is no locker room to change in, no robes or slippers, no aroma or relaxing scents, etc. you may or may not get a decent massage. About a 75% chance of success IME. My only beef is with their "membership" deal. Unless you are truly dedicated to getting massages regularly (more than one a month), it is a rip off. My wife signed me up, despite the fact that I had maybe 4 massages in my life. After several months, I had stock piled 6 massages to use. So, I try to cancel. I am informed that I have til the end of next month to use my "paid for" massages. Seriously?  This is like the expiring gift cards or groupon scams. I haven't been averaging one per month, now I have to schedule one per week or they are lost forever. Nutshell: Don't sign up for the membership. It's a designed ripoff, IMO.
Visited here today for some "me" time while on a small vacation to see family. I've visited Massage Envy before (in California, where I'm from) so this wasn't my first time. My masseuse was a male - I don't want to mention his name here specifically because he was a decent masseuse, but his customer service was a little awkward. What really killed it for me was the sales pitch at the end of my session as the girls at the front desk tried to sign me up for monthly membership. Sorry, I don't want a membership! I didn't appreciate being questioned as to why I was declining. Too corporate of a feel for something that was supposed to be relaxing and pleasant. I doubt I will get massages from Massage Envy in the future.
I've had a few decent massages here, but the majority have not been good. Downright bad would be a better description. They make it seem like you are getting a better deal but really you aren't because they put pressure on you to tip the therapist while the therapist is standing there. I canceled my membership after the last 5th bad massage here, and the place had the nerve to tell me I didn't cancel because I didn't fill out the 2nd sheet of the cancellation form(which they never gave me while I was there!) they have  charged me again and I I have had to put a stop payment on my credit card to block them. This place will steal your money! save yourself money and hassle! go to Spa Royale for a good massage.
The Gainesville, FL Massage Envy is the best I have been to, (including 3 other east coast locations).  I received two fantastic facials here from Michele J.  She is the best facial technician I have been to over 20+ years. Hope this statement does not telegraph my age.  Because after her fabulous  facials my face looks  and feels at least 10 years younger with the exclusive to ME Murad® Healthy Skin products.  Ask for Michele for any facial here. She is so very knowledgeable, gentle and friendly.  Even after the first facial I felt she was a long time girl friend. Finally the front desk staff is extremely helpful, professional, and prompt (several people work the desk, so there is hardly ever a wait to check in or out.
