I never really checked out bars in the area where I lived I always looked to go other places or big chain bars. Now with that said this place is truly amazing!! The people there are nice, funny, and just great people. My Bartender Crystal was the absolute best and she's pretty damn funny. The beer selection is great and has something for everyone I tried a lot of new beers that I didn't know existed and was pleasantly surprised by them all. I will definitely be making this place one of my regular spots to drink and hang out because when you go there you feel welcomed and part of a family and that's hard to find anywhere you go.
This is an awesome little bar! Little Fish has a great selection of beers, wines, and ciders, many of which you will not find anywhere else. The staff is always very friendly, knowledgeable about their products, and welcoming to new customers. There is live music all the time, with an awesome open mic night on Thursdays. There is always some where comfortable to sit and some cool odd ball decorations. I highly recommend you check this place out if you're in downtown Sanford. If you like to drink and have a good time then look no further. If you don't like to drink and have a good time then there's something wrong with you.
I stopped in here with a group of friends last night. I had been to their previous location a few years back, but this was my first time in the new spot. The first thing that I noticed when I walked in was the over whelming smell of dogs. Shortly after I realized that is because they are a dog friendly bar and there were in fact dogs behind the bar. My OCD went into over drive with the clutter that just drips from every surface, but that is the niche and charm of the place. A cold beer helped take the edge off of that. Beer and Wine only - suits me just fine. The bar tender was very friendly and knowledgeable about what she served. Very sweet lady, made you feel at home. It was open mic night, and to my surprise very enjoyable! Acoustic rock renditions played while we sipped our beers on the couches and chatted. They also have a game console with a big flat screen tv, so my geeky husband lashed out on that. I would definitely come back to hang next time I'm in downtown Sanford.
A friend and I stopped in here for a little while last night after leaving The Imperial. I'd never been before, but my friend had and said that we should check it out as his past experiences here were fun. I'm glad that we stopped by, as it was a unique, interesting, surprising and enjoyable experience. The first thing that I noticed about Little Fish Huge Pond, even before we stepped inside, was that it had live music. I could see a band through the windows as we walked by on the way in. What I wasn't expecting is how awesome the music would be. One of the first songs that the band played was a cover of Fugazi's "Waiting Room"; I couldn't believe that I was hearing it and it came as a total surprise. It was really, really good, too - the band was very talented. They also played a cover of Porno for Pyros' "Tahitian Moon," which also was well done. The interior of the bar isn't all that nice, itself - it's "decorated" with strange and unique items and has obscure and vintage furniture. Much of what I was looking at while watching the band play and enjoying a beer was making me laugh or caused me to be puzzled. There were random Sega Genesis games on the bar's counter, as well as dinosaur figurines and plenty of other oddball stuff. Very peculiar, but awesome as well. I saw a few interesting beers listed on the bar's "menu," which, as another example of Little Fish Huge Pond's character, actually was a few pieces of paper stapled together. Haha. I went with a "steam" beer (I don't think I'd ever had one before ...?) and liked it a lot. It was in a bottle that had one of those lids that's connected to its top and that can be opened/closed, kind of like how Grolsch bottles were/still are. The prices of beers seemed to be very fair and on the same level as I remember them being at The Imperial. Might even be a few rarities as far as beer goes here, though I didn't thoroughly examine the entire list. I don't make it up to Sanford all that often, but now that I know this bar is there then I may have to fit in a few additional trips whenever possible.
There are bars I tell people they "should" visit, then there are bars I "mandate"!                    Little Fish, is at the top of my Orlando/Sanford "Mandate" list.   If you like antique or junk stores-then you will find Little Fish a heavenly resting place.             Sanford, compels and inspires the tortured artist, the mad genius in me.                                         It is, everything Orlando can never be.           A waterfront old shell of a turn of the century town ready for an arts explosion.   My only wish, is that Sanford stands as a voice of resistance against  the jaded, bloodless PBR sippers from Orlando's rootless trendy hipster scene!!!
Do you like Sanford? Smoke? Semi-decent-mediocre beer selection? Weirdo staff and decor that makes no freakin sense but who cares cause your eyes are burning too bad to be able to see it anyway? Then this is the place for you! Let's not kid ourselves here, as far as cool places to go in Sanford, this is up there next to Hollerbach's and those little folk art galleries. You know the ones where the artists work there, some have a bar some don't. Check the place out if you're in the neighborhood. It's really quite fun and I guarantee something wacky will happen at some point, or you'll at least get some good conversation out of it.
This place is great. It had it's own personality, and nothing like your typical bar. The walls are decorated with insanely cool and strange knick knacks and they have a decent selection of beers. The people there were super friendly, and our bartender was awesome and very welcoming. The dogs that hang out there are extremely friendly too! Just an overall comfortable spot to just hang out and have a few drinks.
this is a very eclectic bar. Lots of stuff to look at on the walls and tables(there's a bust of Elvis) and the wall are filled with local artists works...the womans bathroom is a sight to see...it's a museum for sure!   the mens bathroom needs ALOT of help...but it has it's own personality as well. :D We went on a saturday evening...and were the only people in there...and they were already out of alot of their selections of beers...boo!!!! The owner is a riley lady...she will tell you how it is and give you a run for your money...very interesting conversations were being had. I guess I would go back, but we'll see....
I went to Little Fish Huge Pond during one of the 2010 Summer Season Sanford Art Walks to see art work of some friends of mine. I got there early since I went straight from work so I had the place to myself for a little while. Mo, the owner is super nice. So nice in fact that she chatted about everything other then what I wanted to drink for a bit. If you're not sitting at the bar there are several couches to sit and chat with friends or watch live music. Even though it's a small place, the sound wasn't bad. There is a good selection on beer but only in bottles. A couple times during the night Mo opened up some new organic beers she had on special and passed out samples. Although the art changes out monthly, her own pieces are very off beat and eclectic, just like the bar itself. The location, along 1st Street in downtown Sanford is great. Definitely take the time to check out their neighbors. Although Sanford is a bit of a drive for me, I can see myself going back.
I don't typically recommend bars to my friends. Like, if we want to drink we just go wherever we end up going without much thought to it. But this bar, this is definitely one bar that I recommend regularly. It's so... unique. Honestly I have never been to another bar that was so upbeat and yet unrowdy as this awesome place. Much love to this bar!!!
I'm a big fan of Little Fish Huge Pond...not only is it visually eclectic...so are the people. Mo is a gem. Not only is she committed to YOU having a good time, but also to making the community a better, more FUN place. Good selection of Quality Beers and always something FUN happening. Check it out for yourself, you'll never forget Little Fish Huge Pond.
One of my all time favorite places, kitchy, artsy, homey, fun. Great beer selection, just a cool hangout spot
Mo is awesome! This is the coolest little eclectic hangout. Def a place that more peeps should know about and visit often. Givers to the community and very creative and fun. There is always something going on at lil fish!
The new location is great.  I love that there is no smoking anymore.  The owner is a lot of fun!  Just wish I lived closer so and I would be there all the time!
My all time favorite bar. Filled with local GOOD art. The service is the BEST ever. The owner is soooo nice and super funny. Harry is her son and he does a fantastic job on Mondays doing his card tricks and mind games. You can go on any night. It would be best for a date because it's small and never super busy but always entertaining. Try the flavored beer! It's fantastic!! A total GEM!
My friend dragged me out on a weeknight and said we HAD to go to Little Fish. I had never been there and she said "Prepare yourself, it's quirky!" One of the first things I did when I got inside was use the restroom, and the bathrooms were clean (most bar bathrooms aren't) so I was quite impressed. The giant skeleton/zombie thing staring down at me was kind of off putting, but it wasn't a deal breaker. The children's toys on the bar were a little unexpected,and the place was very claustrophobic once the "stage" was taken over with a group of teenagers, but it has a unique charm to it that you can't quite put your finger on... I think with a few tweaks (professional menus and better branding) this place could be a real treasure. Would love to get my graphic designing hands on it!!! It has so much potential and great people work there (that's half the battle!)
Great little place with a lot of character. Beer is bottled only, but a decent selection. I've seen some of the greatest local bands ever here. It was surprising that such a small place could score such great music. Once you meet the owner however, you'll understand. She's as unique as her bar, and great for an eclectic range of stories to tell!
Was here on Mardi Gras while waiting for a table for Hollerbach, very cute little bar.  The owner is very friendly and later on that night led a conga line from her bar to and through Hollerbach, as well.  We hung out for a bit and played the original Nintendo that they have setup in the back.  Lots of interesting art, a decent beer selection and good people watching.
This is a little eclectic bar with very different art work on the walls. Its very laid back but its great for people watching.
This is my favorite little bar. Mo is fantastic and always has a random, delicious beer selection for the adventurous beer lovers. You will most likely see the same people here all the time so the best thing to do is become one of them. My favorite part is that they have hookahs available to rent which is a rarity in this area. Awesome place!
this place is a hoot... Mo behind the bar so entertaining and an absolute doll .. great beer selection .. when visiting Sanford you have to check them out...
Love love LOVE this place!  Mo has done such a great job decorating and keeping you entertained.  Where else can you play with toy animals and Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots while you sip your microbrew?  The girlfriend related it to being in "Peter Pan's threehouse".  You have to go see to believe..
