We rented the Hydrobikes on a Friday afternoon in July. No reservation was needed (I don't know if this is the same on the weekends) and we were on the water within about 15 minutes. Bikes were $10/ hr or $6/half hour which I would consider to be quite reasonable. We (a couple of 28 year olds) rode up the canal for about an hour which was a workout, but not exhausting. The bikes are very stable and you definitely don't have to be in great shape to use them- if you get tired, you can always just stop and let it float for awhile. They also have convenient compartments attached to them for your purse, keys etc. You don't really get wet (no need for a bathing suit) but I wore flip flops and ended up just peddling barefoot. The staff was very friendly and efficient. I would definitely rent from here again!
I took my dad out for a nice Father's Day and the weather was just beautiful and the serves was very good they helped us from the start even though there was a little mix up.  We took the pontoon boat out and it was just perfect listening to the radio and and the nice room we had to move around.
our friend who lives up in The Buff had said we would go boating on Lake Erie...unfortunately, he had to play phone tag with a friend of his for about half an hour to find the location. there's no address - check the website for the Google Map flag. it was so worth it. $40 an hour (that's total; split that amongst 7 people and it's ridiculous) on a small but comfortable 20-foot electric boat is the ill na na. we brought some beers and snacks, were given a quick lesson in piloting a boat (like steering a car but with slightly delayed response time), and awaaaaaaay we went! the boat has a covering in case of rain. the only annoyance is that once you "park" out on the lake it is a bit difficult to get back in, unless your friends assist you (the sides are a bit high to just pull yourself up) - a ladder or rope or something would help. there's an 1/8" input so you can play music on your mp3 player. you better believe we played "I'm On A Boat". yeah, this salty crew of an Italian, five Soviets, and a Korean Jew terrified the locals with our little beer-filled vessel and offensive music. I shoulda brought my pirate flag and eyepatches! when we returned, the guy who runs it (I forgot his name) let us try out stand-up paddleboarding for free. this was a ton of fun as well. we didn't spend a lot of time doing it, just did a few laps, but it was fun. such a great time. I'm writing this review so anyone who visits The Buff knows about this and brings some more business to Waterbike Adventures! they also rent waterbikes! But I didn't try those. We were in BOAT MODE!
