Complete dumb luck that we wandered into this place. I was a big fan of Dick and Jennys pre-storm in new Orleans, so I was floored to see this relocated restaurant in new York state. BBQ shrimp and grits were great, and the Jenny salad was delicious- blue cheese, pears, and more pecans than a slice of my grammys pecan pie. Service was MUCH quicker than the New Orleans experience. They also had live music on a Tuesday night that fit the close quarters feel to the small restaurant. I hope to return soo
Had a large group of friends here for 2010 Restaurant Week, and it was fantastic! 3 course tasting menu with a wine pairing? Yes please! Food was delicious, atmosphere great, I can't wait to go back (many times) to sample the normal menu!
My son and I went back for lunch last week, and our selections were finger licking good. The pulled pork is a must have item: not too sweet like most other places, seasoned to perfection and with their unique slaw along with the Thai Beef Noodle soup, noboby can beat it. And once again, great staff!!
Had the pork sandwich (without the bread & slaw due to food allergies) with a salad. Fresh tasting. Good portions, not huge. Comfortable environment. When you walk in, go to the counter to order then find a table. Lots of bakery items but nothing gluten free so I didn't have anything. Had a soy latte, it was ok at best. Husband had the brisket Philly cheese sandwich. He said it was good & would order it again.
I was in Grand Island for work and wanted to try something different from the normal chain restaurants. The staff are extremely friendly and the food is delicious in every bite every time. I would highly recommend their gourmet soups and sandwiches. They also offer an option for fresh fruit which is truly fresh and in a large variety. Dick & Jenny's is the place for gourmet food with a personable touch.
Another great meal at Dick and jenny's. This place is a hidden gem on Grand Island. The owner is very friendly and treats evryone that enters like they are family. The service is fantastic, our waitress last night was one of the best we've ever had and we eat out often. A very nice wine list and a new fall menu. I had the Jambalaya with a duck leg, MMMMMMMM. We tried the ahi tuna and haddock. Another member of our group had the pork loin but the best part of the meal was the APPLE MASHED POTATOES, give me a bowl of those to go please. We ended the night with coffee and their signature sticky toffee pudding....Go and try it you will thank me.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! Food is yummy, fresh and home made. The desserts are great as well. Highly recommend!
Having just returned from a trip to New Orleans, I was already craving some authentic New Orleans-style food.  When I heard this was the place to go, my friends and I made the trek over the bridge to good ol' Grand Island. As far as authenticity goes, this is the best place in WNY for New Orleans food and drinks.  Their cocktails are spot on (even the "Sazerac," New Orleans "official" cocktail) and Abita beer (a craft brewery just outside New Orleans).  The food is also right on with lots of pork, seafood, po boys, etc. I ordered off their "tasting" menu.  $23 for three courses. I started with the calamari.  Not the best.  The flavor was good but the calamari was really chewy and almost tough.  The breading was too dense. My second course was by far the best: tender pork belly served over bacon grits.  YUM.  I would definitely order this again! My third course was mahi mahi with black beans and some other stuff (clearly, not that memorable).  The fish was really dry.  The flavors were okay but I wouldn't get it again. The rest of the menu looked incredible and I will most definitely return and try more things off the menu.  I will stay away from the tasting menu next time.  I'm thankful there is a place in WNY where I can get my New Orleans fix!!! Note: excellent service.  Really does not get much better than the service we had here - from the hostess, to the waitress, to the guys who brought out the food.
Run by New Orleans natives displaced to Western New York after Katrina, Dick & Jenny's brings a real feeling of Southern hospitality to our area. Located in a homey building, the atmosphere is cozy and inviting--but don't let the relaxed feeling fool you; they put out a heck of a meal and can throw down a Louisiana music party like nobody's business. For dinner, the emphasis here is a fine-dining/gourmet twist on traditional Cajun cooking. Decadent po-boys and the "Who Dat" crawfish pie (based on a recipe from a New Orleans musician who also made his way north to the Buffalo area) are complemented by a select offering of seafood, chicken, and beef-based dishes--along with a few pastas. They also have quite a nice salad menu, with some very tasty home-made dressings. One of their most popular options is a tasting menu, available every day, which offers three courses for $23--add $15 to that and you can enjoy smart wine pairings with each course. They don't skimp on the portions (or the pours), so if you're hungry, this is a great value! (I really wish they'd make this vegetarian-friendly, though. There always seems to be one course with no veggie option!) In short, the food is great--so good that you're going to need a reservation if you want to eat it; even on a Tuesday at 5:30pm, the place is packed. Also of note: During the morning/day, the whole venue--cleverly--becomes a sort of coffee-house with food ordered from a counter at the rear of the main room. I haven't had the pleasure of sampling their breakfasts, but many friends swear by them and make this a regular morning stop. I can tell you, they make a mean latte!
This review is based only on the brunch I had here this past weekend.  A group of girlfriends and I took a drive out to the "Island" to check this place out after hearing so many great things about it.  And, none of us were disappointed.   The setting is as cute as can be. Warm and welcoming in an upscale country house sort of way.  We made our way to the counter to order our food.  Choices of omelets and pancakes and baked goods awaited us.  Everything in the display case looked wonderful!  Our group ordered a wide variety, paid at the counter, and then went back to our table.  The food was then delivered to us.   Everything was fresh and hot and delicious.  The baked goods (try the sunshine muffin) were especially delicious.  The omelets were huge and accompanied by fresh fruit and potatoes and a choice of house-baked bread. A bottomless mug of coffee (self serve) is available and there were four choices of organic, locally roasted varieties to choose from. In the evening the food is more "New Orleans-y" with items like friend green tomatoes and grits and jambalaya and po-boys..... And, we were told by the friendly waitress that in the evenings the place turns more "upscale" with full waitress service. And, there's a tasting menu with wine pairings each night as well.  I can't wait to go back!
I love the the service and atmosphere in this restaurant. It is really casual and the server we had was great. I wish I remember his name. I had blackened halibut topped with crawfish and my husband had the tasting menu. The tasting menu consists of crawfish bruschetta, pork belly with grits and grilled swordfish. Overall it's pretty good but the swordfish was pretty bland. We finished off the meal with some beignets. The beignets were undercooked so our server took that off from our check and give us the coffee for free ! I don't drink any coffee but my husband said that the coffee there is great ! I would go back again to try out different things ok the menu.
My fiance and I met a few friends at Dick and Jenny's B&B recently to partake in its Oktoberfest festivities. I heard through the grapevine that this was D&J's first Oktoberfest, so I went into the scenario not expecting much. I was not disappointed. To be honest, the event was more of a German-themed beer tent than an honest Oktoberfest akin to the likes of Ellicottville, the Central Terminal, etc. The beer selection was pretty sparse-- one German beer and one domestic. I'm not too familiar with Oktoberfest festivities, but I'm fairly sure the event doesn't traditionally involve serving just one German draft in a solo cup for $4.50 apiece. I could be wrong, though. I'm willing to let this slide, as D&J is more of a grill and bar than bar and grill. I can't speak much on the food as I didn't eat anything from the special menu (which featured the staples: franks, brats, etc). If I was reviewing Dick & Jenny's based exclusively on my Oktoberfest experience, then things would be looking pretty grim. However, it would be totally unfair of me to base my review on an event versus the establishment, itself. Once we had our fill of pseudo-German festivities, I made my way into the restaurant-proper to order some real drinks and food. D&J is a creole-based restaurant, and their draft selection reflected this. I chose a French light beer and a darker beer for my fiance. Both were very good and came in proper glasses. We intended to get our food to go, so we placed our order with the bartender-- a crab cake po'boy for myself and shrimp po'boy for the fiance. While we waited, I got a good look at the interior. It was a bit cramped, but the available space was well utilized and quaint. The bakery near the rear was a nice touch, as well. A previous reviewer mentioned having to order at the bakery-- I believe this is just for lunch hours, only. When we were there, it was during dinner hours and there was a proper hostess with full menus, etc. If you want the full sit-down experience, then I advise visiting for dinner. Our food came, we paid our tab, bid adieu to our friends, and headed home. Upon arrival home, we dug into our meals. Those familiar with my reviews know of my unabashed and relentless love for a good crabcake po'boy. Often attempted but rarely done right, Cole's was the only place in WNY to provide me with a good po'boy. That is no longer the case. Dear. Lord. D&J's crabcake po'boy was phenomenal. Served on a proper french baguette, mine was served up with two (or three, I can't remember) large and sumptuous handmade crabcakes.  The aioli and lettuce were great and the baguette itself merely complemented the experience instead of overpowering my taste buds. The same can go for the shrimp po'boy-- my fiance and I swapped half of our respective sandwiches to experience both. The shrimp were of good size, breaded, and fried to a crisp. I can honestly say I was a bit heartbroken when both were completely eaten-- I greedily wanted more. All in all, Dick & Jenny's has definitely earned itself a new and loyal customer, so long as they keep the po'boys on the menu. I'd happily eat-in one night, but I think I'll avoid their events, until they have a chance to work out the kinks.
I went here for brunch the other day and ordered the southwestern omelet which was very good and came with fruit and a muffin on the side which were also good. Prices were fair and service was pretty good, kind of off the beaten path but definitely worth it. Wish it were open on Sundays though!!
Time for a trip down memory lane: My first job out of college was fabulous.  Not only did I get to travel to a lot of fun places, but I also was lucky enough to be able to try some delish restaurants.  (Well, sometimes we'd have to throw in a Red Lobster or TGI Fridays due to lack of options.)  This was one of the perks of these weeklong (or two weeklong) biz trips.   Fast forward 8 years later and I found myself on a weeklong trip in Grand Island.  Luckily for me, my traveling companions were fans of trying out different restaurants.  (Ahh, just like old times.)  They received a bunch of recs for local places and, based on that, off to Dick and Jenny's we went. The menu is big and they have the option to get half salad + soup or half sandwich + half salad.  Ya know, any of those combos which is PERFECT for lunch.  After some debating, I just settled on the grilled cheese sandwich and tomato basil soup.  I don't know what it was about this sandwich, (perhaps the bread?  the combination of cheeses?) but it was one of the BEST things I've ever eaten.  The soup was a perfect complement as well.  I also got a cookie for an afternoon pick-me-up and it really hit the spot.  Perfection. Salads and other sandwiches were also ordered and everyone commented that this was the best meal we'd had all week.  In fact, by the end of the week, we regretted not coming back for dinner (or even another lunch trip!).   Sidenote: The employees were so nice.  They didn't even kick us out even though they were closing at 2pm and we were there well past that time.  So sweet.
Fabulous! Everything from the owner to the decor is great about this place. I stopped in while on a business trip this past Tuesday evening.  There was a good crowd for a Tuesday, and a live band was expected to play later.  The owner, Jenny, sat me at the bar, and was extremely helpful.  She is great and very sincere... knew a lot about my hometown of Cincinnati.   They only offer 4-5 craft beers on tap, but have a good selection from Denver to the Southeast.   I started with a 1/2 dozen raw oysters from Nova Scotia.  They were clean, fresh, and delicious.     My entree was perfect.  Sole blackened perfectly on collard greens, tops with 3 shrimp.  The dish was surrounded by one of the best grits I have ever had... Bacon & Tasso sweet potato grits.  Amazing!  Smooth, creamy, and loaded with lumps of spicy tasso.  It is easonably priced:  1 beer, 1/2 dozen oysters, and entree for $40.
Disclaimer: Restaurant week review! Trekked it out to "The Island" (of WNY) for a very tasty sounding restaurant week menu. They offered a three course menu. I started with the salad, which was tasty. Lots of cheese, fresh apple and walnuts. For my second course I chose the "duck cigar", which was like a duck filled crepe. It was served with hoisin sauce and a ginger mushroom fritter, it was like a ginger arancini. Everything was delicious! My entree was goat cheese stuffed pork medallions served atop polenta. There was a lot of polenta in the dish and not a lot of pork, probably a cost saving restaurant week thing. I found the balsamic sauce to be a little overwhelming but did enjoy the dish. Really nice wine list including a lot of NYS wines! Fun atmosphere, luckily we went on a Thursday and there was a live pianist there! A good restaurant week experience makes me interested in returning back for a regular meal!
I'd been hearing about Dick and Jenny's for years, and finally got a chance to try them out during Restaurant Week.  Their special menu was very enticing- a 3 course tasting menu for $20.13 and for $14 a local wine pairing with each course. My friend and I made the trek to Grand Island on a Tuesday night and had reservations for 7pm.  The place was hopping!  We were seated promptly in the bar area which was warm and inviting.  There was a live band playing which was a little loud but definitely added to the fun atmosphere. For my first course, I had Jenny's salad which was mixed greens with apples and pears and blue cheese, and just the right amount of dressing.  Yummy.  My friend had the crab cake which was served on top of fried green tomatoes.  Next up was described on the menu as a Crawfish and Andouille sausage cheesecake, which sounded a little weird to me but I had to see what it was!  It almost seemed more like a quiche to me, but honestly it was my favorite dish of the whole evening.  So flavorful and decadent and served with a sauce that complemented the dish perfectly.  My friend had the grilled vegetable bruschetta, which was good, but we both agreed the savory cheesecake blew it out of the water. For our main course, I had pork tenderloin (which the menu said was stuffed with goat cheese and basil but I don't remember seeing any in mine!) served over marscapone polenta.  The pork was juicy and the polenta was really flavorful.  My friend ordered the jambalaya and they brought her a HUGE bowl of pasta with chicken and sausage.  I've never seen jambalaya served over pasta but I've also never been to New Orleans to eat authentic Creole food either.  She ended up taking most of it home but it was pretty delicious. All in all, this was one of the best value meals I had during restaurant week and the food was definitely unique for this area.  The service was friendly as well.  I will definitely be back to dine again at Dick and Jenny's!
This place is incredible! The food is always great- creative, delicious, and pretty. I have never had a bad meal here. Highly recommend the sampler dinners, a little bit of everything. Oh, and the mojitos. Do not forget the mojitos!
I'm not in the habit of loving restaurants. In fact, I really hate way more than I love. This one makes it into the love category. I've eaten at Dick and Jenny's twice in the last two days and the experience was amazing both times. The first time, I was one of only a dozen people in the place and my food came out quickly, efficiently, and well-heated. The second time, the place was packed. There was at least two parities of 10 or more as well as several fours and even some singles sitting at the bar. It was very busy. Still, my food was to my table in less than 10 minutes and was hot and delicious. This is the best example of a Cajun/Creole deli-type restaurant I have come across outside of New Orleans. I've been to NOLA a half dozen times and this was really an accurate depiction of the kind of atmosphere, service and decor you'll find there. Everything felt authentic and friendly. And the food? Holy cow. The shrimp po boy was served on great bread with the right amount of spice and sauce. The crab cakes were crispy and delicious. The fried green tomatoes were, well, fried and green and awesome. Oh, and the soup! The "Crab Rockefeller" was among the best seafood-based soups I've ever had. Went back for it twice even though I'm a huge gumbo fan and that was also on the menu. There are a dozen things I want to try so I will go back several more times. It's friendly, delicious, and affordable. A win-win-win for a lunch meeting or a take-out. Big Fan. Kisses, -Matt
Wow!!! This place really took me by surprise. My hubby's been here a few times and insisted that he take me for our long overdue date night dinner. I am impressed! When we pulled in, we noted the amount of cars in the parking lot and my husband mentioned that the place was "small" and it might be quite packed inside. Well, looks are deceiving. There seems to be MUCH more room in there than it looks like. It wasn't packed and we got an amazing table right in the corner by the windows. It was perfect. The service was incredible. The food, out of this world. I was originally planning to order the Caesar salad for my starter, but changed to the Earthy Crunchy Salad because I always get Caesar salads when I go out. I was SO happy I chose that delicious salad!!! Wow. Definitely Earthy. Definitely crunchy. So full of flavor and the dressing complimented it perfectly and was just the right amount. Will definitely get that again next time. I ordered the Pan Seared Scallops & Wood Fired Shrimp and my husband ordered the Blackened Haddock with Crawfish BBQ Dynamite. Both meals were just absolutely incredible and a great value for the price! Everything about this experience was just perfect. Our table, the service, the romantic relaxation of it all, the delicious foods, the drinks... everything was just awesome. My only regret is that this place isn't right around the corner from where I live. I'll definitely be back soon though. This is my new favorite and it'll be worth the drive. Can't wait to go back and hear some live music and check out the coffee bar! I know of a few awesome bands that play here on occasion!
Delicious food, great atmosphere, just over the bridge to the Island. Not only is it New Orleans cuisine but it has a really gourmet touch. I don't know what took me so long to visit!
I have been going to Dick and Jenny's on many Tuesday evenings for a few months.   First of all New Orleans style cooking in Buffalo?  Awesome!!!  Saves me the trip...  The soups and gumbos are great, very tasty...not overly spicy. The wait staff is very friendly and willing to help...great people.  The atmosphere is very relaxed/casual. Then there is the live music on Tuesday and Wednesday nights.  It is terrific!!!  I really can't say enough positives about this.  There aren't a lot of places you can go and see good live music and have a really nice dinner.  I love it! Only improvement....pavement.  I'm sure they will get around to it eventually...I'm sure they have other bills to pay.
I stayed at the Holiday Inn  in Grand Island and since it is a little island I was wondering where to find some dinner, the very friendly and funny girl at the front desk of the hotel mentioned Dick and Jenny's and said "This is my favourite restaurant in the world!" with that said, I knew I MUST give this place a try! We decided to try the Po-Boys which are served with either french fries or fresh fruit. The ones we picked were Barbecued Pulled Pork with Southern Slaw that comes in the Po-Boy or you could get it on the side like we did and the Roasted Beef Brisket Philly Cheese which comes with sautéed peppers, onions, mayonnaise, provolone and mozzarella cheese. They were both excellent but the Brisket Philly Cheese wins hands down! I think the provolone cheese really makes it! So we decided to come back for breakfast and it wasn't what we expected at all.. it was self serve, had to go to a counter to order, and the food was very disappointing..  But I will not let that effect how I feel about dinner and I would come back again. It is defiantly worth checking out, it is very unique and everyone is super friendly, from the atmosphere to the live band (which can make everyone around talk loud) but it still an enjoyable time. So what are you waiting for? Hop on over that river and try the Brisket Philly Cheese!
The best lunch and breakfast around.  The prices are very reasonable (between $6-9).  My favorite breakfast is the corned beef hash with poached eggs and a half bagel.  The hash is home made with big pieces of peppers, onion, and corned beef.  The bagels are homemade, arguably the best in Buffalo.  They serve breakfast all hours they are open. Lunch is my favorite time to go to Dick and Jenny's. They offer many different sandwiches, and a daily special or two.  Each lunch entree comes with a half salad (Caeser or "Jenny's") or a cup of soup (Tomato Bisque or the daily special).    My favorite sandwiches are the Turkey Club Melt and the Brisket Philly Cheese Steak. I hear the coffee bar is very good and the bake goods too.  I haven't tried them, but if the rest of their food is an indicator, they must be exceptional.
One of my favorite places in WNY.  No need to travel to New Orleans for the best jambalya.  Service is outstanding and they have live music on many nights.  Love love love.
When I first learned of Dick and Jenny's and the prospect of enjoying New Orleans style food in Western New York I was quite excited and quickly earned a Yelp bookmark. This was a must-do the next time in the Grand Island area.  We were finally able to try Dick and Jenny's on a recent Saturday for lunch. Upon entering Dick and Jenny's you enter what appears to be a normal and tastefully decorated restaurant. We proceeded to what appeared to be a hostess stand and waited. And waited. People began to stare at us. Waitresses walked by. Nothing. Finally I hunted down one of the employees asking why nobody would seat us. She explained that we needed to order at the counter. Ok? By the bakery section? Apparently yes.  The whole setup here is awkward and uncomfortable especially when holding a 2 year old.  We were asked what we'd like to order and glanced at the menu board on the wall.  Then we couldn't figure out where the kids menu was. When I asked the employee at the dessert counter she said "oh we can do really anything in half portions". Ummm yes, but you have a kids menu. I saw it online.  At this point my wife opened up her iPhone and brought up the kids menu. That's right, we had to order for our child from a phone. What a complete mess!  When I voiced my displeasure (by this time my arms are getting quite tired) I was told "everyone on Grand Island knows this is how you order". I'm not from Grand Island.  Do you only want customers who live nearby?  Anyways, we finally ordered and sat down after being given a wooden letter (serves like an order number). The food was quickly brought to our table. No utensils.  We had to search around the place looking for wherever they were hidden. We were told "on the wall" but the utensil containers were empty.  Back to the food - I ordered the Shrimp Po'boy and my wife had the Fried Green Tomatoes and Crab Cakes.  My son had a grilled cheese and fruit. Everything was phenomenal. The po'boy was stuffed with nicely seasoned popcorn shrimp with lettuce, tomato, onion, hot sauce, and mayo served on tasty French bread. The crab cakes were as good as any I've had in Baltimore. Both meals were served with fresh salads. My son's fruit was nice and fresh as well - grapes, orange, and watermelon.  The food itself was thoroughly enjoyable. Urgh.  How do I rate Dick and Jenny's? What a confusing experience.  They offer fantastic New Orleans style food but with an absolutely irritating dining experience.  It wouldn't be so bad if upon entering someone greeted us or if there were signs offering information on how to order food.  I mean, the place appears to be a decent sit down restaurant. Nicely decorated with food that was plated well. It looks nothing like a cafeteria. The only hint of anything different is a dessert counter in the back of the restaurant. I was told "the owners are from New Orleans. This is how they did it there." Great, but I'm not, how would you expect me to know what to do?   I'm going to give Dick and Jenny's 3 stars. If the food wasn't so good I would rate only one star.  I really shouldn't feel stressed while enjoying a meal. And what is the identify of this place? A nice restaurant (some of the food is in the $20 range) or a Ted's Hot Dogs?   I guess I'll be back now that I know the system here. Give it a try but I recommend knowing what to order before coming here.
My husband and I stopped here on a Friday evening.  I'm so glad we did!  The building looks a little bit like an old house, and it's prettily landscaped with flowers.  It was a little echoey and loud inside, so we chose to sit outside in the garden.  There was a great little jazz duo ("The Best in Buffalo!") getting ready, and we caught the first few standards before we finished eating.  The sun was setting and the music played as we ate.  It was one of the more effortlessly romantic dinners I've ever had. We got a free bread basket with some good country white, cornbread squares, and some amazing little shortbread cookies/rolls. Yelpers had recommended the bronzed, stuffed pork tenderloin, so I went with that for $17.  It's a little steep for a dive fan like me, but it was so good I didn't care.  Tender pork tenderloin was stuffed with basil and goat cheese and served with a wine sauce atop sweet potato grits interspersed with ham.  There were a few green beans, too.   It was one of those first bites that made me grab my husband's arm and say "Ohmigod" around my food. I gave four stars because my husband had the blackened fish po boy with fries for $12.  He said that it was "pretty good, but not amazing for the price," so the menu may be a little hit-or-miss.  Definitely go, definitely choose your dish carefully!
I had heard lots of good things so it may have been talked up a little too much, but I was underwhelmed. The service was very unclear for a first time visitor... For a bit I was sitting at a table wondering if a server was going to come over until I saw someone else walk up to the counter next to some tables. I ordered a lunch portion of jambalaya with chicken. Mine and my companion's chicken were both undercooked and had to be replaced. I also had an iced tea which didn't last very long due to the huge amount of ice in it. The jambalaya was good, not great, and the atmosphere was cozy and inviting. Our "server" (the guy who brought the food to us) was very friendly and accommodating with the raw chicken situation. I'm not opposed at all to returning in the future- just won't be on my must visit list!
I love the rural country feeling of this spot completely free from urban sprawl and only 10 minutes from downtown Buffalo. They have amazing gourmet sandwiches and other traditional Louisiana and Cajun dishes for lunch. We went there for a late lunch last week and it was a truly a laid back, very enjoyable dinning experience...just like being in the islands. We sat outside. I had a house roasted turkey sandwich and french bread and my wife had a shrimp "po boy" both meals were paired with an Abita Brewing Co "farm house ale" which they have on tap. We enjoyed our lunch and will definitely be back in the near future to try their dinner selections.
I'm a frequenter of Dick and Jenny's, and I love that they know me by name.  They always ask what I've been up to, and actually remember things about me.  Definitely adds to the comfort/homey atmosphere. First, let's talk about the food.  It's phenomenal.  I don't think I've ever had something here that I didn't like.  My breakfast favorite is the Southwestern omelette.  My lunch favorite is the pulled pork with slaw sandwich, although I'm also a fan of the new addition:  meatball sub!  My dinner favorite is the prime rib with mashed potatoes.  But seriously, I'm pretty confident that whatever they make--it's going to be good.   The price is definitely right.  Sure, it's a little higher than other island restaurants, but the food is much, much better.  I'd rather pay an extra dollar or two for food that has some TLC put into it. =] My only complaint about this place: The soup selection.  I love soup, but I'm not a fan of tomato based soups (as others have mentioned, tomato basil is their regular).  They do have a soup of the week, but it seems to always have seafood in it!  I'm allergic to seafood, so no soup for me, haha.  I really wish that they would bring back the split pea with ham or the sweet potato chowder.  Those were out of this world delicious.
Had an amazing meal last night during local restaurant week. This place is well worth a trip across the bridge (and the dollar toll!)! My husband and I shared a four course feast, and everything was absolutely delicious. Course 1 The soup duo (Cream of Tomato and Gumbo) were great. Large portions and both bursting with flavor. This was no ordinary tomato soup (think watery and bland). It was creamy with chunks of tomato and a fresh basil oil. The gumbo was so rich it stuck to our ribs. Great depth of flavor and huge pieces of sausage throughout. We also got the Arancini. They were light and crispy, full of gooey mozarella and over a nice chunky tomato sauce with spinach. Course 2 We couldn't resist the charred oysters so we added them in additon to the restaurant week tasting. So glad we did, they were my husband's favorite dish. Cooked perfectly with lots of garlic, onion and cheese along with the beautiful charred aroma of an outdoor grill. Course 3 The Fu Manchu Duck Cigars came recommended by my Uncle. Thin pancakes wrapped around shredded duck meat with strong flavors of ginger and hoisin. It was a creative and tasty dish but didn't quite fit in with the rest of our meal (or the rest of the menu for that matter which is more creole meets mediterranean than anything else). My favorite dish was the crawfish cheesecake. A decadently creamy savory pie slice over a Frank's style hot sauce with a grilled shrimp.  It was divine. Course 4 We selected the stuffed pork and pike as our entrees. The pike was nicely cooked over a tomatoey broth with red onion. It was a nice dish but nothing to rave about. The pork on the other hand was incredibly tender and stuffed with an awesome goat cheese filling and served over marscapone polenta. That's right, goat cheese and marscapone in one savory dish. We drank draft beer and had no room for dessert. The service and ambiance were wonderful. We will definitely be back.
Went here for dinner on a Friday evening. Without the loud music it was much quieter, which was nice. The menu is really impressive, and I had a tough time deciding what I wanted. It was tougher to decide with the waitress coming over roughly every thirty seconds to see if I was ready. I started with a small Jenny's salad, which uses the word "small" very liberally. All of the ingredients were incredibly fresh, and it was a great use of pears. Honestly I probably could have eaten just a salad and an appetizer and left full. It's been ages since I've had fried green tomatoes, so I ordered a side. They weren't bad, but they were far from the best I've ever had. They came out about fifteen seconds after I'd ordered, and I couldn't decide if I should be more impressed or unnerved. For my entree I had the scallops and shirmp over green onion grits. It was really good, the scallops were done well. The only complaint I might have about the food was that for $24 a plate, I expect to have enough to take home leftovers. With just three scallops and three small shrimp over a bed of grits, it was plenty to satiate my appetite, but made me cringe at the cost. The primary reason I dropped a star since my last visit was the service. The server was friendly, but I felt incredibly rushed. The salad and fried green tomatoes were out before I'd even dug into the bread basket, then the entree came when I still had half a salad and all of the tomatoes untouched. Every few minutes someone was by to see how I was getting on, and it may have just been my impression based on the speed the food was coming out, but I felt like I was being rushed out the door. When I'm paying $50 for a meal for one, I like to be able to sit and relax a bit, to really enjoy the experience. I would still go back, but I think next time I'll try lunch (when being rushed is less irksome).
After reading reviews on yelp, we decided to visit here, and it was well worth it! The staff is very friendly, and the restaurant has a really cool independent, community-based feel to it. The food is delicious! Is serving pineapple alongside your plate a common thing in NY? We noticed it happening again here. (it's pretty delicious!) I had a headache, and the green tea I ordered worked wonders! It was so comforting eating warm food on a rainy, wet day. We didn't realize that the restaurant closed at 2pm, so when we waltzed in close to 2pm, we didn't face a fuss whatsoever! The restaurant re-opens at 5pm, and we suspect this is when the bar comes into play. Anyway, the food was served pretty quickly, and there were a couple of others still talking and eating there then as well. My boyf ordered breakfast while I had some lunch. Anyplace serving breakfast at 2pm is a plus for me. Woo-hoo!
A few weeks back I ate at this establishment 2x in one day.  Breakfast at 8am and Dinner at 6pm.  Both of the experiences were great.  Dinner was great the food was fresh and creative. I had a crab cake Po Boy and my wife had a steak appetizer which was delicious.  We also had a dozen oysters and they were fresh (mignonette sauce would have been nice but that is really splitting hairs).  Overall the beer and wine selection was great and the meal was excellent.   Don't expect to get in and out in 40 minutes.  The meal took us 2 hours which was just fine with us. But dinner is not why I felt compelled to write a review.        IF YOU REALLY LIKE BREAKFAST AND FRESH CREATIVE COOKING YOU MUST EAT AT DICK AND JENNY'S.  I have now eaten breakfast  several times here and have left everytime with the same thoughts. WOW!  They make real corned beef hash, fresh garden omelets with good cheese, Fresh fruit with most meals.  Fresh bread and great coffee (Always a selection of roasts for all tastes).   I told my wife the last time we had breakfast at Dick and Jenny's that their breakfast is what I imagine a PERFECT breakfast to be.   You have to order at the counter and there are little quirks (which only apply to breakfast and lunch) which you have to learn. But after a time or two it just makes sense.  Do yourself a favor and try it.
We had a $50 gift card from the area campground to eat here.  I'm glad we did because I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price for the food or experience.  Very cramped dining area.  Food was alright.  Nothing to write home about.  I had the half rack of ribs.  Sauce was bland.  Coleslaw was good.  Baked macaroni and cheese was - below average.  Service wasn't great (one of our guests didn't get a refill on iced tea).  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
My husband and I have been looking at this place for a while, and finally decided to try it out today. The food was absolutely delicious, but I will get into that after my main point of interest. If you're going for lunch, they have a different set up for this area. You have to go up to the counter to place your order, and then staff brings your food out to you. This is not blatantly obvious because it appears to be a normal sit down restaurant, with a counter for baked goods. For dinner, it's the usual get set seated and waited on. This breakfast/lunch process seems like an inefficient process, as you are given a letter to put on the end of your table, and the staff bringing out the food has to hunt for it. I was told this is a popular concept in New Orleans. That's nice and all, but not a well known concept in western NY.  I would highly recommend some sort of signage to let customers know they place their own order and seat themselves. I have no problem with this concept, but just display this process so new guests like ourselves aren't standing there feeling like idiots, because we don't know "the system". I will give credit where credit is due. I presented this concern to staff, and they handled it politely and explained the process. I was told that most "islanders" are aware of this process, but I made the point I'm from Grand Island and had no clue. I also made the point about needing signage, as I'm sure they want non-islanders to come to the establishment. This issue is why a deducted a star in my review as I would have given four stars. Once that whole thing was cleared up, my husband I received our meals. I ordered fried green tomatoes with crab cakes, which were absolutely fresh and delicious. The fried green tomatoes had a nice batter, yet weren't too heavy. The crab cakes were so fresh and the jalapeño remoulade was the perfect touch without being too hot. My husband ordered the shrimp po boy, which was also delicious and fresh with a nice cajun kick. I made sure to try it. Both meals were served with a delightfully fresh and tasty Caesar salad. Also, my two year old son loved his grilled cheese. It was made with a tasty fresh bread, and I had to steal a few bites. The delicious food is a reason alone to come back, and why we were able to move past the confusion from when we first arrived. I can't wait to come back, and hope by then to see something posted about the ordering process.
Somehow, the past five years of living on Grand Island hasn't helped me find this New Orleans-style dining gem. I was enlightened to its existence by my cousin and cousin-in-law, recommending we go after they've frequented it for lunch. My fiance and I went for dinner two nights ago, and were most impressed! Just as the banner outside indicated, there was live music (every Tuesday and Wednesday), and there few open tables available when we walked in (always a good sign). We were seated immediately by the friendly hostess, and greeted by our server within a minute or two for drink orders. I stuck with water and she got the house white wine--semi sweet and pretty good. Not sure what brand they actually use. Upon placing our food orders we were served a small basket of carb-filled goodies, including a thicker-cut white bread, homemade cornbread and sweet(ish) country-style biscuits, which were an interesting (but welcomed) surprise. For entrees, I ordered the "Creole Spiced Pork Tenderloin Stuffed with Basil Goat Cheese and Pine Nuts with a Smoked Tomato Rosemary Sauce and Cornbread Rice Dressing" ($16.00), and my fiance got the  "Simple Grilled Fresh Fish Topped with Sautéed Crab Meat and Lemon Chardonnay Butter over Coconut Jasmine Rice and Today's Vegetables" ($19.00)--this particular day's fish being red snapper. Both entrees were nicely prepared and presented, and delicious to eat--we both finished them completely, as the portion sizes were just right. The plates they were served on were VERY hot (as the server warned), so the food stayed nice and toasty during the entire time it took to consume. The decor was very inviting and homey, which was appropriate since this IS a house-turned-restaurant. Knowing that they also serve breakfast and lunch (the menus of which are very different from dinner), give me all the more reason to return again. We many just try out breakfast this Saturday!
We ate here after driving 3.5 hours and setting up camp. This place is GREAT!. I had the Pan Seared Diver Scallops & Wood Smoked Shrimp. DELICIOUS! My husband and I split a Pumpkin Beer and Chocolate Crepes Strawberries and Whipped Cream. We will be eating here again. Thursday night they have a Ragtime Piano Player.
We finally made it out to GI to check this place out. We had tried to go for Sunday brunch one day but sadly learned that they are not open on Sunday. I went with 2 pals and we all really enjoyed our lunch here. Fresh food with interesting flavors. The sausage po-boy was a bit boring but everything else delectable and arrived quickly. The women working the counter were delightful and very indulgent of my weird pregnancy aversions/cravings. We shall return!
Best freaking restaurant in the area! I've lived all over: Boston, LA and since moving to Niagara Falls are was a little disappointed with the food until we found this place. It's our go-to place when we don't want to chance being disappointed.
So we went back for a birthday dinner for my sister.  I was really happy to see how nicely they prepared the table for us in a private room.  Our server was trying very hard, was really nice, but seemed a little overwhelmed.  We're a tough crowd though!  A toddler, 5 year old, and a bunch of loud adults.  I think my 2 year old niece even vomited at the table! (not from food) Yummy!   My food was great!  I had the earthy salad...MMM, the tomato soup, and their mac and cheese which they entered the Buffalo's Best Mac&Cheese Contest.  That was extremely tasty, and probably fattening, but I had to try it. My mother's dish came out cold, but I think there was a mix up in the back.  Jenny came over and personally took care of it, seeming very concerned that we were not unhappy.  My brothers both complained their meals were bland, but I think they're crazy!  I had a bite of the eggplant risotto dish and thought it was excellent.  I am still a fan, and will definitely be going back!   Oh, and I almost forgot to mention the cool dessert sampler!  It was a plate of all of their desserts and warm chocolate fondue in the middle so that everyone could try a little bit of everything!  GENIUS!
Brunch with girl friends! I have heard of this place many times and this place was in one of my "must" try list. Three of us went here for brunch after morning golf at the Beaver Island State park. It was cute and cozy inside. There was no hostess or wait staff at the entrance to greet or to take you to a table. You just walk up to order station where bakery display case. All breakfast and lunch menus on the black chalk boards looked good and I had a hard time to pick one from. Foods: One friend got a Southwestern omelet with toasted bagel on a side and the other friend got a stack of blueberry pancake and Oakfield egg bake with home fries side. Now it was my turn, narrowed down to two final candidates but still debating between crawl fish & andouille cheesecake from lunch menu or omelet (spinach, artichoke, mushroom and provolone) from breakfest..,,,  crawl fish & andouille cheesecake won! It came with three choices from salad, fruits or a cup of soup and I opted for Jenny's salad. Greens and slices of apples were fresh and tasty with blue cheese dressing. Crawl fish & andouille cheesecake was tasty but it was tiny portion (1/3 of my friend's egg bake piece..) and I didn't see or taste any crawl fishes but pieces of andouilles. Wish if they add more crawl fishes even at higher price. Both of my friends dishes looked great and very generous portion size compare to my tiny triangle piece. They both loved and raved how good they were. Overall experience was great and I and definitely willing to revisit for their dinner since they seemed have good selections of craft beers and wines.   I also will try their other breakfast/lunch dishes again if I have a chance to be in the area for the serving time.
Best restaurant on Grand Island, hands down. I never even realized this place existed until recently when a family member reffered us here, raving about the food. I have to say, we were quite impressed by Dick & Jenny's!! Service was fast & extremely friendly, and food was to die for. Prices are decent for what you get, although they are a little higher than most of the places on Grand Island. The night we were there (a Tuesday) they had live music, which was very nice. I also loved the bread basket they give you to munch on. Filled with delicious goodies!! Overall great experience here - We will be back for sure!
Really good for lunch. I've eaten here with co-workers a number of times and the food has always been fresh and tasty and there are some very good interesting options on the menu (like a salad with pecans, blue cheese and pears). I like the portabella and brie (I think it's brie anyway) sandwich. I've also had a totally tasty mint tea lemonade here a couple of times. Super good. They brew mint tea then use it instead of water when making the lemonade. It's way better than just blend 50% lemonade and 50% tea because the flavors were all much stronger. The lemon/mint combo was great. They also have very tasty desserts. I definitely recommend this place.   Lunch here is probably about $12 a person. They have lots of different soups, sandwiches and salads.
Finally!  Been wanting to come here for a long time.
Being gluten intolerant, it is hard for me to find restaurants to eat at, let alone one's with variety. Before they even had a gluten free menu, the staff was always very knowledgeable and helpful. Now, they have a gluten free menu and have even taken some of their popular menu items and  made them possible to order gluten free. Everything I've ever ordered has been delicious, especially the island chicken.
Always great service and food is so good. So much to try every time we go!
Dick and Jenny's has amazing food with a laid-back family restaurant vibe. Went with a group for lunch and everybody was satisfied with different sandwiches. My Italian melt was tastefully done - perfectly toasted and flavored. Ordered tomato basil soup for side, and let me tell you, it's no ordinary soup. It tasted creamy and had a pleasant basil fragrance without being too tomatoey. The waiters were also quite friendly; I could tell just by their smile.
Since spending last Christmas in NOLA, my husband and I are always looking for great creole, Cajun food here in the bflo area. We took a ride up to Dick and Jenny's after hearing great reviews, and wow, we're they right! It was Friday evening around 6:30 and we were seated right away. They were pretty busy, but not overwhelming. We ordered one of our fav beers from NOLA, abita turbodog. Wonderful. Then our waitress brought out the bread basket- normally we don't eat the bread, but how could we not! There was 3 kinds of bread, cornbread, and 2 other ones, that were very different, kind of on the sweet side, but amazing! We started with the crawfish cheesecake( more like a quiche ), it was delicious! I ordered the Creole Shrimp entree and my husband ordered the blackend fish(tilapia) PoBoy with a side of jambalaya. My entree was HUGE! The huge shrimp were served over a bowl of perfectly cooked rice with tomatoes, onions, garlic, etc... The flavors were not overwhelming, nothing took away from each item in the dish. My husbands PoBoy was the best he said he has had here in bflo. The bread he said is what really made it, and the pickles! His jambalaya also did not disappoint. There were so many other things on the menu we would like to go back and try. The prices were good, and our server was so helpful and pleasant. She really seemed to love what she does and loves were she works. That means alot!
On Friday, 2/17/2012, I decided to dine at Dick & Jenny's for their special Mardi Gras Dinner Menu and live music by Ron Lee Zydeco and the Hot Tamales. For appetizers, we decided on the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp & Grits, Pain Perdu of Molasses Cured Pork Belly, and Grilled Alligator Sausage. The Shrimp & Grits were pretty good; the grits were fairly creamy, and the shrimp were cooked and seasoned properly. The first disappointment of the night was the Pain Perdu of Molasses Cured Pork Belly, which was an epic fail. The sandwich was tricky to eat, because it sat on top of the Peach Bourdon Sauce, which made the bottom sticky and soggy. So, instead of picking it up, I quickly deconstructed the sandwich to find the star of the show--the pork belly. Unfortunately, I was greatly disappointed: The sandwich's bacon was off-colored, with a whitish hue, and rubbery; the cheese wasn't fully melted; and the pork belly just wasn't pork belly. I have had pork belly numerous times, and it is rich, fatty, luscious, flavorful, 'mouth-watering', juicy, and every other food-porn, buzz word used to describe its greatness. What I was served was discolored, dry, and extremely small--the four pieces were ~1/8" thick and 2"2". After contemplating where this dish went wrong, I hypothesized that the sandwich was prepped in the morning, wrapped, refrigerated, and then cooked to order. That would explain the off-colored meat, the uncrispy bacon, the dried pork belly, and the rubbery cheese. The alligator sausage was fine but nothing I would order again. For an entrée, we ordered the Southern Sweet Tea Marinated Fried Chicken, which came with Red Beans & Rice and a side of Jambalaya. The fried chicken was the second major disappointment of the night. For $16, we were served a fried, boneless, skinless, chicken breast, one drumstick, and one wing. Not in my wildest dreams when I ordered fried chicken did I expect a boneless piece of meat, not to mention that they did not serve the thigh! Total food cost might be $1.50. I have eaten some of the best fried chicken in the country, at Gus's Fried Chicken, in Memphis, TN, and you can order a 3-piece combo for $5.75 or 8-piece meal for $14. To make things worse, the chicken was not seasoned whatsoever; they seemed to have forgotten to add a little salt and pepper once the meat came out of the fryer. As the baseball saying goes, three strikes and you are out! The Jambalaya was number three. Maybe it is expectations vs. reality, but, when one orders Jambalaya, I assume the dish will be prepared with rice, meat, vegetables, and seafood. D&J's version was a plate of seasoned rice, without meat or seafood.
Great food. Reminds you of new Orleans . Great service. Friendly people. Reasonable price. Will go again
Grand Island's best kept secret. Very cozy atmosphere, perfect for a date or dinner with good friends. New Orleans-style cuisine, delicious and not too costly. I've had several dishes all great, but just can't stay away from the jambalaya. Love the wine selection. The staff is very friendly and the service is quick. Live music Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
I've been hearing about Dick and Jenny's for a while and finally checked it out. My boyfriend and I walked in to a loud restaurant with people laughing and having a good time. I was a little hesitant, I didn't know what we were in for! The atmosphere is upbeat and fun. We opted to sit on the patio ( it's indoor, just not in the bar are) so we could have a little one on one time. Our waiter was super friendly, explaining the menu etc. we ordered a 3 course special they have where you get to chose your 3 courses. The food was amazing! I definitely recommend the pork belly over grits and the goat cheese crepe.  I had the beef burgundy as my entree and that was fabulous!  They have a great wine list too.  This place is great and I cannot wait to go back.
We discovered Dick and Jenny's while visiting our son on Grand Island. It's very exciting to finally find a great place to eat, drink, and socialize on the Island.  We lived here 20 years and always had to leave to find good food.  This place is wonderful.  The atmosphere is warm and friendly, and your group can choose anything from an alcoholic beverage to a chai latte.  We had a wonderful dinner and liked it so much, we went back the next day for lunch...also excellent.  Everything is fresh and different.  Great experience  We'll come back every time we visit...now my favorite place in all of Buffalo.
I had the "pick 3" for $23, allot of food! Started with the Hickory Smoked Baby Back Ribs with Southern Slaw & Pepper Jelly Glaze. The slaw was great but the ribs were tough and somewhat chewy but had a sweet smokey flavor from the sauce. Next came Lafayette Style Jambalaya with Grilled Smoked Polish Sausage and House Onion Rings. The onion rings tasted like they were frozen but the Jambalaya had a lil kick to it and was great with the polish sausage. Last was the wild salmon which I did not care for at all as it tasted old and dry. They were quick to offer me anything else on the menu, without question and plenty of apologies. I opted for the Mahi-mahi with green beans and lemon dill caper butter which was very good. Along with that, I had mentioned that I would have liked to have tried the "Jenny salad". Although I didn't order it, the server brought a generous sample portion anyway, on the house. When the server came back with my take home bag, she mentioned that there were two deserts in with my leftovers for my trouble with the one dish, also, on the house. All in all, excellent service, warm friendly atmosphere and decent food.
The food here is quite good. A little on the pricey side, but when you're looking for good food and enjoying it at a leisurely pace you have to expect it. My only complaint isn't with the food, but when I drop $22 for an entrée in a highly popular place it would nice to have a paved parking lot. It had rained while we were in and it took 2 miles for the mud to fly off the wheels of my new car. If you can charge $22 then you can afford the blacktop. Just saying.
In the words of uncle Johnny "it's like a roman orgy"- holy feast!  There must have been 20 of us for dinner.  Apps ran the gambit - duck cigars like i've never had, shrimp and grits, buffalo chicken dip, oysters were amazing- blue points, crab cakes over delectable fried green tomatoes (now i understand why green toms are such a big deal) and that's just the apps!   Dinner entrees were masterpieces!!  Crawfish étouffée was divine and I'll dream about it till I can back to Grand Island.  Braised short rib was generous and oh so tender.  It swam in a sauce that was perfect gravy for the fragrant parsnips.  Sea scallops were huge and delicately balanced among the greens and lobster purses.  My mouth is watering as I write this!   The service is outstanding- servers were friendly and attentive, and bartender was on the spot!  I appreciate the attention to detail- Who doesnt love a piping hot plate to keep the meal at the perfect temp?!   Atmosphere is festive but not formal...the plates on the wall with all the family names make you feel like you're in a giant hug.  They have a lot of supporters and it's no wonder why!   Dessert was a mix of cookies (highly recommend the choc chip) and sundaes to name a few.   There aren't many places on the island so went back for brunch- it did not disappoint!!!  Hash browns/potatoes are delicious and the servings generous. I love everything about this gem except it's distance to me- I live 5 hours away :-( ...I wonder if they could fedex the étouffée and a choc chip cookie?
I'm quite the fan!  Apparently they are graduates of The Culinary Institute of America - originally from the buffalo area - started a business in new orleans but after katrina they moved back here reasonable prices- good and pretty baked goods as well as a cafe menu that changes weekly -- they are new but checking them out is totally worth while! :-)
Amazing. A hidden gem in WNY! The staff and ownership are friendly and professional. The food is a welcomed change from the fried food we are used to in Buffalo. Bar is top-shelf. Dick and Jennys is well worth the trip over the river and through the woods.
Always have the best specials.  Sandwiches are top notch, built on great homemade crusty bread with out of this world ingredients!  By far my favorite lunch spot in the Buffalo area.  Also:  they always have food that's relatively healthy!
Incredible breakfast omelet! Spinach,  artichokes, and mushrooms. Homemade bagels, fresh fruit, great potatoes. Its my favorite breakfast anywhere. I order it at least once a week. Coffee is nice. Comfortable atmosphere. Sandwiches at lunch are excellent too.
Richard and Jennifer are ultimate entrepreneurs. They srive to have the very best of everything that is served.  I have known them for over 20 years. They only serve quality. You will not be disappointed.
WOW!  We were told there were no good places to eat near Niagara Falls, and that seemed to be the case, so we checked Yelp and found out about this place.  Ate there and --  it was awesome.  Great food, super friendly staff.  The omelet was excellent and so was the salad we got.  Also try the Carrot Cake Cookies.
This little place will surprise you, really good and great service.
