Classy night spot for hanging out with friends. great food, wine and the band with vocals  plays great music all evening.
I can't believe how amazing the food was here! I just came back from this location last night and felt that I had to give it a review. First off, on a Friday night, this place was packed. Unfortunately for us, we arrived around 8:45 and there were no seats inside so we opted to sit outside instead. That worked out for us because our group wanted to talk and catch up. I ordered the shrimp and grits (which doesn't sound all too appetizing) but I wanted something different and it was absolutely delicious. I also ordered some wine, and also had a dessert with a port wine (apparently you need dessert to fully enjoy a good port wine). The pecan pudding cake was to die for! The cake was soft and fluffy while on the outside it was crunchy - as if the chef had put a sugar glaze with fire. The ice cream was vanilla bean and it made a perfect end to a meal. I recommend sharing this dessert because it comes with 2 pieces of cake and is easily shared (which is what I did). The others in my group were more than happy with their food. This is a tapas restaurant, so if you go when you're really hungry then prepare to order more food than one dish. Two of the guys in the group ordered more dishes. We ended up going inside and enjoying the jazz band wrap up for the night. Although we were outside for 2+ hours waiting for a table, we were still charged a cover fee (the manager told us the wait would be about 45 minutes). The singer was wonderful, she was energetic and really excited the crowd. She also was kind enough to play one more song even though they were to be done for the night. We wrapped things up to a little Michael Jackson Our server, Lydia, was delightful. She brought everything out in a timely manner and made great recommendations.   I hate to do this because the food/service/music was amazing, but the venue lost a star because about half the menu was sold out. We couldn't order the creme brulee, the chicken and waffles, assortment of beers, different wines, etc etc etc because they were sold out.
I loved the atmosphere,  the menu was a little different than what was online, as I was informed they change it daily. The live entertainment was great and our server was great. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the lack of vegetarian items on the menu. They were accommodating enough to make adjustments to the cheese plate, which is a perfect appetizer.
Fantastic jazz musicians, great ambiance and really good food! Highly recommended.
I can't say enough good things about our experience here last Friday evening.   The ambiance - the service - both were spot on. The jazz was incredible and the food was to die for.   We savored every bite.  Try the surf-n-turf.
This place was great. Great music, good wine, good food and friendly staff. My only knock is the size of the place. There was standing room only. I think they could take this to the next level with a bigger venue. I will be back!
Many great things about this place. Awesome music, cool vibe. The food is not something I would put on that list of great things. I loved what I got the second time (I am a person that NEVER sends food back) but the first item brought to me was a charred piece of rubber like meat that I was paying $20 for. Another person in my group had the same issue with the same item. I felt some of the prices were a bit high for what you were getting, even in tapas portions. I will go back for the wine and music and probably skip the food.
4 stars because of the vibe/music. Gets packed, arrive before 8. Prices for a bottle of wine are worth it. A little less inflated than the average restaurant- Most bottles were $36-40. Small tapas portions- you'd have to order $80-100 worth to be full for 2 people.  Had calamari & steak bruchetta, they were ok. Steak on the bruchetta a little chewy. You come here to enjoy the music & intimate setting not experience 5 star cuisine but I'm willing to go back & try a few other things on the menu & maybe my opinion of the food will change....Customer service is very good.
They did not know how to credit the yelp deal...we were the only patrons one hour after they opened but told we had to sit at the bar because ALL the empty seats were reserved. Drinks over priced...$5/bottle of beer
Amazing ambiance and great food. The live music was on point and made for great background music. It's easy to talk to the other people in your party. We had the steak bruschetta and the BBQ chicken flatbread. Both great choices with lots of flavor. Wine prices are reasonable and the beer were all $5. Great place for a date night. Wouldn't suggest it for a group setting as the tables are ideal for 2-4 people. Overall great place! Definitely coming back!
My date suggested this place. I hadn't heard of it before but I'm usually game for trying anything once. What a pleasant surprise! It's small so it feels very intimate. The band played but wasn't blasting us out and we were still able to carry on a nice conversation while eating our tapas and having very nice, live, background music. For food, we ordered the shrimp and grits as well as the lamb lollipops. Both were excellent. They have a decent wine selection as well. Everyone was quite friendly and attentive. I'd love to see more places like this popup in Central Florida. I would say this is truly a hidden gem. I'm really looking forward to going back.
I visited JT last year and had a blast so I was looking forward to coming again for a pre-aniversary celebration for my parents. It was downhill from the moment we walked in the door. Our server, "Colette" was inattentive the entire night. We tried the scallops, which arrived stone cold. We also ordered the crab cakes but after an hour of waiting and no crab cakes, we cancelled the order. Our server was completely unapologetic about the wait. The only thing we enjoyed was the wine. The entertainment for the evening never seemed to get it quite right either. Sound problems. Late getting started. A far cry from our last visit. I was so disappointed as this was a special occasion. I hope this experience is not a sign of things to come....
I went here this past weekend looking for a place to hear live music. Believe the reviews! They are absolutely correct. The jazz concert in Casselberry was over so alot of people came here afterwards. I walked through the door dancing! It's a tad bit on the small side and we shared a table with a couple who were about to leave. They were very nice. As we listened to the band we both got some wine and the delicious crab cakes. You CAN'T come here without getting them....you just can't. you can't go wrong with the scallops either. You can get wine by the bottle or by the glass. Glass prices range from $9-12 dollars. Appetizers range from 10-15 dollars. All beer is 5 dollars. The vibe and mood was definitely smooth and sensual. I love the excellent service they gave here. They waited on everyone inside and even people who were waiting outside for tables. Very pleased with the manager and the waitress we had. Even though they were packed, they took care of everyone. If you love jazz and love to shake your groove thang this spot is for you. If you just wanna sip wine and let the jazz take you away, this place is for you. If you are looking for a good time with friends or a significant other, this place is for you. The best nights to go are Friday and Saturday nights.
What a fabulous spot.  The food is very tasty, although as with any Tapas restaurant, you're not going to leave stuffed.  The music was very, very good and the band's interaction with the crowd was spot on.  A nice selection of wine and our waitress, while trying to up-sell a bit on the wines, was very pleasant and efficient. The filet medallions were excellent as was the creme brulee and everything is served for sharing. We had just stopped in on a lark without reservations and were nearly turned away but they were gracious enough to seat us at a table where someone was 20 minutes late.  Word to the wise - make a reservation and don't be late!! The dancing area is not large at all, but they do encourage couples to get up and move.  Perhaps later in the evening when the dining room is less crowded they might move some tables around to make more room. We will definitely be back.  The only reason I did not 5 star them was it was only our first trip.  If we have another experience like Saturday, I will definitely give this a Woohoo!
Heard about this upscale jazz spot so my fiance and I decided to check it out.  First impression is misleading because it's situated in a plaza.   But as soon as you step into the place... you are INSTANTLY swept away by the tasteful, and stylish decor in everything from the intimate seating, cherry wood wine display, and bar area.  The music was fresh and modern.  I was drawn in by the smooth silky sound of the vocalist and keyboardist...the entire band was amazing.   We had  stopped in to check this place out only for an hour as we had another engagement  to be at but it was SOOOOOOO HARD to leave...the music was so GOOOOOOD!!!!       The name of the band is  "Ian Vidal" and I heard that it was their last night playing at Jazz tastings....NOOOOOOO- say it isn't so.      I truly hope this is not the case :*( .   The wine was good and the lump blue crab cakes were incredibly delicious...we ordered another round of them!!!!   Don't just take my word for it... go experience this place for yourself.  This was such a delightful experience and it's located right in my own backyard.   Yeah!!! I compared this place to Vines and let me just say...It's now our favorite new hangout spot to relax, listen to good music, and enjoy the delicious food and wine.
What a gem!  To find this place, you have to look for it - hard - but once you discover this diamond of a jazz club, you'll be entering one of the nicest, most well-managed jazz clubs I've been fortunate to go to in over 35 years.   The owner Rory greets you at the door - you immediately notice well-dressed folks sitting and smiling - then the owner escorts you to an open table with the personal touch once found at the highest-end clubs in New York, Chicago, or Los Angeles. Sitting down in uber-comfortable chairs; listening to a nicely-defined and delicate riff on his guitar by one of the nicest, most mellow guitar players I've discovered in Orlando in many a year; then a wait-person magically appears to take your drink and/or food order. We opt for a nice bottle of Mumm's Champagne - the price of which is well within line with what you would expect to pay at a restaurant - and within minutes our bottle is opened, glasses poured, and we sit back to envelop ourselves in an excellent electric-enhanced acoustic set of smooth jazz. The food was marvelous - we ordered the pork belly and the scallops.  Both dishes were delicious - the pork belly had that carmelized crust you hope for, with a delicious topping made up of a hearty beef gravy that clung to our forks while being accentuated with an ample bed of cous-cous.  The scallops were sitting on a chorizo pate that was fork-tender and delicously prepared to a nice, medium consistency.  Simply delightful. Then the owner put the hammer down - he recommended his Pecan Bourbon-glazed Bread Pudding.  We decided on one order with two forks, and found it to be out of this world.  Three large bread pieces were smothered in a bourbon glaze that was a perfect complement to the crustiness surrounding each piece of bread - this dish rivaled anything we've had the pleasure to enjoy at Commander's Palace, Brennan's, or any other restaurant in New Orleans.  This bread pudding is truly a Top 10 dessert for Orlando - it would hold up against any other dessert dish prepared elsewhere in our town. When we left we agreed we will become frequent guests of Rory's Jazz Tastings - this place is sure to be around a looooong time.  Nice job!!
I had heard positive feedback from a few Facebook friends, so we decided to make a visit to Jazz Tastings recently. My boyfriend and I got there prior to the rest of our party and were impressed by the look of the small venue.  What we did find out as we walked in on a Friday is that you must make a reservation. All of the tables had 'reserved' placards on them at 6:45 pm. Fortunately, our friends had more carefully read the website and reserved our table of six. We were seated by a friendly waitress and ordered a beer and a glass of wine at the very end of happy hour. The band was warming up and we could tell we were in for a treat.  The rest of our party arrived and we ordered food and more wine. We all enjoyed the crab cakes, the antipasto plate and the crostini plate. The band began to play promptly at 8. Dave Stewart  and band were amazing! All of the patrons really seemed to enjoy the food, band and ambiance. The owners stopped by each table to ensure we were all enjoying the evening. I would definitely recommend Jazz Tastings. It's so nice to have a venue with live music that is not a tourist trap here in the Orlando area. I'm not sure if they are applying for a liquor license, but a full bar would be nice. Also, a little more space for a dance floor would make it perfect for me. This is a great venue and night out for local grown ups in the Orlando area.
Cheese plate was incredible and the atmosphere a good surprise. I will definitely go back. Fun, clean, classy, and great quality music/performances
Loved the place. Felt like I discovered a best kept secret.  Fabulous food, service, and music. Smooth jazz by Tony Wynn and Cameron Brown.  Ambiance was perfect for friends getting together.  We tried several different items from the Tapas Menu.  All were delicious. Great plate presentation. Service attentiveness was just right.
if you are looking for a calm evening with jazz performed by talented musicians, the you definitely stop by here. the ambiance is warm and intimate. the seating is very comfortable, and the service is excellent. I have not tried the tapas, but I was looking for a place to hear some jazz music, and am glad to have found this gem of a place! they serve beer and wine here as well.
Came here for the first time...the music was great, food was good, but the three star rating comes from the service.  Sent the calamari back as it tasted like it sat on the window too long. Squid was extremely rubbery and the fried coating was soggy and wet. New order never arrived,  I asked the server and she stated, "oh we're out". Thanks for telling us. Had also ordered the tuna tapas,  also never arrived, asked her about that too,  same answer. Apparently she felt it unnecessary to even mention it.  The chicken and waffles were awesome as well as the shrimp and grits. Would risk this place again just for those. The tuna did finally arrive though, despite her claims. Eh, kinda a wierd slimy consistency. Didn't personally care for it at all. Seems like the biggest problem is something happening between the kitchen and wait staff. Server did bring drinks without any issues. All in all, might come back, but probably wouldn't recommend at this point
I was visiting this side of town for business and met a girlfriend.  If you are looking for a cool spot with good service, good food, great wine selection and a laid back ambience, this is your place.  Like everyone else said, you have to get the crab cakes.
A wonderful place to meet up with friends all while enjoying talented musicians, delicious food and drink. A good idea to make a reservation, this place is popular!
Nice vibe in here.  This little hidden gem in the heart of Maitland offers fabulous service, yummy food, a boundless drink selection, great crowd of people and fabulous live music. It's very busy and the staff hustles so I would recommend getting a reservation in advance if you want a table. If you are looking for a nice place to hang out with friends, drink wine & beer, eat dinner or appetizers or desert and listen to magnificent jazzy sounds then this is definitely the place to go! One thing that I noticed that I thought was really cool is that the staff knew the customers' names. Before we left the bartender (who was amazing) asked for our names and gave us hers. You don't find that much often today. Very nice personal touch! Kudos~
The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. Entertainment was enjoyable and server was very attentive but didn't know until after we were seated and eating that there was a $5.00 cover charge per person. Very small place, loved the atmosphere, ambiance and cozy furniture but not enough to go back again. Meat, Cheese and Olive Dish appetizer was prepared like a homemade dish your 10 yr. old could put together. Not from a professional Chef. Very thin uninspired cuts of 2 types of cheese with prosciutto that was not cut thin enough and when taking a bite could not chew through it and some crap salami. They charge an extra $1.25 for 4 tiny pieces of toasted bread to go with it. Calamari appetizer was very rubbery and bland. Rum cake was dry and tasted like an old piece of pound cake with a bland and tasteless sauce. Beer was tasty with a decent variety at $5.00 a bottle- don't order domestic as it's the same price. $85.00 + tip for a few apps, dessert, beer and a coffee. It cries the "I wanna be a trendy place"  Keep trying and maybe you will be the little train that could. Inspire the kitchen to be more creative and put out some spectacular dishes.
What a nice, pleasant, relaxing, place this is.  The music was perfect for a Sunday evening.  Seriously, this place is a hidden gem.
We've been several times and this is my FAVORITE spot. Great ambiance, great music, and great food.   Nice owners and staff.   It doesn't get any better than this!.....
I can be very particular about food, restaurants, and service.  My husband has been in the restaurant business for over 20 years.  We both LOVED Jazz Tastings.  Every single thing we ate or drank was absolutely fantastic.  I probably would have licked the plate if I could've!  The service was excellent as well.  The ambience is great - excellent lighting, which I think is very important.  But the BEST thing was the MUSIC - the band was incredible!  I was completely enthralled for the entire time we were there.  No one left, so it's important to get there early in order to get a seat.  We will be back - and SO happy to have discovered this place!  The owner is super friendly and went around to the patrons checking on them and introducing himself.  He obviously knows how to run a business...
This is our 2nd time coming here and the music gets better each time. The atmosphere is just as relaxing as the music. If your looking for a place to listen to some good jazz in a nice upscale/ intimate setting, then you must come experience it for yourself. The wine selections have not been disappointing but the food doesn't quite meet the expectations of everything else (upscale). Also, be prepared to pay an extra $5 per person (added to your bill) during any live music performance.
Great food, great ambiance, and great live Jazz music.
This place is very small so it gets really crowded quickly.  The seats by the entertinment area need to be placed differently.  We were placed in the chair right by the band.  Not good as we could not see.  The band and music is good, but this place is too expensive.  In addition to the $5.00 cover, I found the drinks and food to be expensive.   Doubt I will go back as the wine and food are way overpriced.
Jazz Tastings is one of the best hidden gems in central Florida! While it is small, it is a real treat if you get to experience this place. The food is amazing, their drink selection is awesome, and the MUSIC creates a wonderful atmosphere. Perfect for a date night!
In order to keep it real, allow me to be blunt in that review based on my only experience: the good, the bad & the weird. I went there several weeks ago, happy to support a talented friend musician whom started working there, and bc I'm a jazz fan since I'm 15. I'm bi-racial (dad's black/mom's white), and the place was 50/50 as well that night. Right away, I loved the jazzy/cozy atmosphere and deco (sort of bordello chic). A hostess stand (w/no hostess) is at the (small) front doors and the parking lot is convenient. There's no reservation, and you will be seated wherever room is left as I found out. I was seated at a spot for 5 (if you squeeze) where 2 ladies and a gent where already there (1 bordello style bench and 2 armchairs. I politely greeted everyone, placed my order before seating in the pivoting and confortable armchair in silence for 45 mn waiting for my first friend to show up. At some point, the gent, then one of the ladies, left for the restrooms. Then, the other lady asked me if "I was French?" I answered positively and the lovely lady started to tell me about her recent successful trip in Paris. At the intermittence, I excused myself to the charming lady, and went quickly to take a couple of pics with my musician friend and to congratulate him. When I got back, the man and the lady were back. I sat again silently finishing my delicious chocalate creme brulee. I noticed a little rift with a middle aged lady at the bar when another one asked her, very politely, if she could take a pic of her gf and herself. She denied the request in a way looking for an argument (she was inebriated), then got upset bc the younger guy she was trying to chat up, got up right away all smile and took the pic. It was awkward. Another little blow went at a farer spot between a lady as she was struggling to find a seat. Somewhere else, another blow regarding this time the pricing of the wine glass. Finally, my first friend showed up at that moment and we spent a couple of minutes with the hostess to figure out where she will seat, and moreover when the 3 other friends will seat when they will be there since it was not more seat left anywhere. That resolved, we sat to listen to the music that had resumed when suddenly, I heard someone screaming something over and over. I didn't turn right away as I was finishing my desert, but when I did, I realized it was the man at the table who sat on my far left a little behind in the other armchair. I thought for 1 good minute it was part of the show as his body language was mannered and has a high pitch 'gay' voice if I may say...like a comedian (what do I know lolz?! It was my first time there). Turned out neither the gent was part of the show nor was he gay, since when I asked who he was talking to with a smile, he kept screaming in his high pitch voice:" You! I'm talking to you! She's crazy! She's crazy! You ruined the night for my wife and I!! If you don't like to listen to jazz, get out!" I was still in disbelief it wasn't a prank: "Are you serious or is it a joke?" Him, keeping screaming: "If I'm serious?! She asked if I'm serious?! Yes, I'm serious! She's crazy! She's crazy!" Me, feeling like I stepped into the Twilight Zone: "I'm sorry but how am I crazy according to your diagnosis and how on planet Earth did I manage to "ruin the evening for your wife and yourself" bc not only I had no idea I have such a power in your life but I've been seating in silence for 45 mn?! I haven't been on the phone. I did keep for myself. So you need to get the hold of yourself!" The only answer I could ever got out of hiim was his bis repetita "she's crazy!"  Me, ironical: "Yeah. But that still only 1 fragile possibility!" It was just surreal. Had never happened to me. I was only glad the bully asked for his check and left not before chating, agitated, to the manager and finger pointing at me for several minutes. As she got up, his wife formed a mute "I'm sorry" with her lips. When my friend asked the owner/mamger what was the problem, she couldn't get a straight answer from the unfazed owner except for that, apparently, some customers don't like to share "their spot with strangers." Moreover, I heard later on by African-American friends that the place is pretty well-known for "some regulars want to keep it only black"!  WTHeck. Despite the owner and the hostess almost made me promised I have to come back, I didn't appreciate his nonchalance regarding the bully, and I can't stand racism on neither sides nor I'm ready to get randomly bullied, thus I won't be back even so I stayed for over a hour more as my other friends showed up. So yes; the music and the singers are great, the food is really good and very well-presented. It's also a pricey place. Not a lot of wine choices, but you would likely find one you like. Given the nonchalance of the owner/bad manners of regulars, you'd have not to mind the dramas erupting here and there. As for me, I do mind.
A great place to kick back with a glass/bottle of wine and some good music. Very friendly staff and owners. Was there on 5/10/12 from Houston and friends from LA and hope to revisit on future trip. Very nice tapas menu and the chef was throwing down
Went with a small group of friends and it was awesome!  The band was great, but the sax players was incredible.  The place had a cozy comfortable atmosphere and we ate several appetizers which were all tasty.  Will definitely return.
This is my  second visit to Jazz Tastings! My first was last week before the official opening.  Meet some friends there they recomended the place.  The entertainment that evening was a Band EEZ Featuring Andrew Luv, They were Great.  Good vocals and they mixed things up by playing a little bit of everything.  A little ole school dance music, some jazz and some pop tunes.  The service was a little scattered.  I ordered the Crab Cakes.  They were very good but the sauce that they put on top of them was cold and that made the Crab Cakes cold, but they were good none the less.  I then viewed the drink menu and to my surprise they were charging an average of $9 to $10 dollars per glass and not a good pour at that.  You would think we were on Park Avenue or something instead of the strip mall that we were in.  The decor was nice but I think that the chairs that they have there are too big for the space.  Every time someone went to the bathroom I had to move my chair so they could get by.  Over all it was a somewhat pleasant evening.  My second visit was after the concert in Casselberry where the Band EEZ opened.  They invited everyone down to JT after the concert.  I believe the space is too small for what they trying to do.  They only have 11 tables and if you don't get there early you have to wait outside for a table to become available.  After getting in after a little wait, we had a party of 7 or 8.  The waitress comes to our table and takes everyones orders.  The food starts to arrive and no one at our table has and flatware and everyone observes that the food coming out of the kitchen is luke warm.  Now with all of the food offerings being tapas you would think they were cooked to order being such small dishes. That wasn't the case.  The owner was busy scaning the club determining how people were sitting rather than seeing if everything was satisfactory at the individual tables.  My second visit was worse than the first.  I hope that they make a go of it seeing that there too few venues here in orlando for live entertainment.  Maybe they should put up a suggestion box or do like some of the other places in orlando do and put a survey on the reciept to get some feedback. I think it's important that you listen to the people who are patronizing your business to continue to keep them coming back.  Somewhat Satisfied Customer!!!!!!
