FINALLY!!! A wonderful sushi restaurant! My husband and I have been trying sushi restaurants in the area since moving here 6 months ago. Places were ok, but nothing really wowed us. And then we went here. WOW! Fresh sushi, prepared and plated beautifully. I had the sweet potato tempura roll and the shrimp tempura roll. The tempura was cooked perfectly: very crisp batter and creamy sweet potato and excellent shrimp. Two rolls were a huge portion (8 pieces each). I could definitely pare it to one roll the next time and not leave feeling hungry. My husband also had the shrimp tempura roll and a spicy tuna roll. He agreed that the shrimp tempura was perfect! He said the spicy tuna was very fresh and definitely had a touch of heat to it. We will absolutely be returning to get our sushi on! Give them a try: you will not be disappointed!
Great food Apple & cucumber sake are awesome! The sushi is very tasty and onion soup was good too. The only complaint is ambiance the place is small and doesn't really have much attractive but good is really good. I really recommend  aloha rolls
Way better than average sushi. Maru signature roll was almost perfect. This may sound wacky, but The tuna pieces in the were just a bit too cold - the fish flavor came through better as the roll got slightly warmer. Good service. Casual decor.
I'm a regular at this place.  Love the quaintnance of it and the reasonable prices.  Food is good, place is clean and staff is friendly.  Will continue to be a customer :)
Just writing to let anyone know that this place does close from 3-5. I was disappointed when I walked all the up and saw the closed sign posted on the door :(
I found this place over a year ago with my girlfriend, and drove up there on a weekly basis for my sushi fix. While it is slightly expensive, it is well worth the cost. The chef always makes huge rolls that are sure to fill you up. Also, if you become a regular he tends to give you free samples (if you sit at the bar and talk to him). I would recommend this place to anyone! Some of the best sushi in Orlando!!
What a wonderful find!! Super yummy sushi served by a friendly and attentive staff. Will definitely be back!!
Good to have in the area for a quick bit of sushi.  Nothing special.
Maru Sushi and Grill is located in Sanford, off of SR46 in the plaza beside the Town Center Mall with the Joann Etc and Tuesday Morning. I grabbed sushi to go for a friend and I, I ordered the meals via phone at the start of the lunch rush. The ordering process was quick and our meals were accurate upon pick up. I ordered the following two lunch specials to go: Lunch special: PICK 2 ROLLS, with soup and salad for $9.  I received the salad and ordered the Miso soup. The Spicy Tuna rolls had fresh tuna, cucumber, spicy mayo and sprinkled with crunch flakes. The Tempura Shrimp Roll had tempura fried shrimp, avocado, spicy mayo with crunch flakes. Lunch Special: SPECIALTY/ SIGNATURE ROLL with soup and salad, the price varies based on roll- I ordered the DAYTONA , the combo was priced at $10, I received the salad and ordered Onion soup for my friend. The Daytona roll has spicy tuna, avocado, cucumber, veggie mix topped with crab salad, sesame, wasabi aioli, eel sauce and is topped with wasabi tobiko. The sushi was very good, nice sauce flavors and all of the rolls were fresh and well made. The Spicy Tuna was not very spicy, so request it hotter if you prefer your "spicy" to pack some heat. The lunch specials were very filling and at a great price! They announce the daily specials and Happy Hour deals on Facebook and Twitter.
Wish Maru wasn't so far away!  I love the daily sushi and drink specials.  The food is fresh and tasty.  You can get a ton of sushi at a great price. I also had attentive, friendly service that wasn't pissed off I stayed a bit too long..
First time having sushi and will say, the best! I usually dislike seafood greatly but the food here was fantastic. The Honeymoon is the best and then the Fantasy. Plus the deserts are the perfect amount of sweetness. I like a light meal and dessert yet you feel full not "bloated." They avhieved this well. Bravo guys and good customer service. Though we came as soon as they opened in the evening.
+ Good Food + Friendly Staff + Owner very knowledgeable about sushi + Reasonable Prices + Clean Bathroom
Great sushi....fresh great combos.....took a star away because the server was friendly but clueless.....I would ask "what is that" and the response would always be "I dont know...right down to the appetizers. ..so overall I will be back because the food was outstanding.....but the waitress realllly needs to study......at least the appetizers. ...
We always have excellent sushi, or other dishes here. We often find the restaurant very quite during lunch. They have casual seating and wait staff is quite friendly and helpful. My husband love's their eel and their ahi. I like their teriyaki grill that comes with chicken, beef or shrimp--I've liked all three, along with fried rice, stir fried vegetables, soup--your choice of miso or onion, and salad. We've also tried their tempura prawns--these come with mixed vegetables and are really tasty. They have beer and wine, soft drinks and tea. Bathrooms are clean. It's very convenient to eat here when visiting the mall. You can dine quietly without the crowds at the mall.
Ok I'm going to start off with the positive- the food is very, very good. They have a $9 lunch special with 2 rolls, soup and a salad. It's the perfect price for a perfect lunchtime meal. The problem? They need to hire like three times the amount of people they have currently. I went two Fridays in a row and both were slow. If it was a Saturday, I'd be totally OK with it, but like us and everyone else there, we only get an hour for lunch. I had to take my order to-go because after 45  minutes we still hadn't gotten our salads. By the time I got back to my office the sushi felt warm so I ended up just throwing it away. People are starting to realize how awesome this place is, but they gotta step it up during the  lunch crowd or people like me won't be back anytime soon.
Super yummy and fresh sushi, especially for being in a strip mall.  My only complaint is that the Volcano roll... was so freaking HOT! I like to try a Volcano Roll at most sushi places I go to and this was by far the most off the charts rolls... and not in a good way, at least for me. I'm used to the sweet eel sauce and shredded yumminess... this was yummy but it was covered in siracha, not sweet at all and burned my lips SO bad. Redeeming factor... I found Nemo. One of my most favorite rolls they have. I originally got it solely for the name, but it turns out, it was delicious. Super fresh, sweet and creamy! It took awhile to get our sushi made (hence the 4 stars), there was only one sushi chef working and it was pretty crowded.   Our waitress was really nice and accommodating. The calamari was super tasty as well.   So, yeah, support a new business and go get some yummy sushi!
My husband and I loved this place! Tried both rolls and Nigiri.Good Service And Fabulous food. My husband also loved his roll with bacon.  His two favorite things, good sushi and good bacon.
Words can't describe how happy I am to have found this place.  Fresh, yummy sushi, hibachi and Korean hot plate offerings, and it's less than 10 minutes from my house!  The lunch specials are great too...2 rolls, soup and a salad for $9 - can't beat that.  Plus it's cute and clean on the inside, and the staff is always very friendly.  Great little spot for date night.  Maru is in a small plaza near the Sanford mall, so keep your eyes peeled, it's easy to miss.
BEST SUSHI RESTAURANT YOU WILL EVER FIND IN SANFORD, FLORIDA! not only is the sushi fresh and made from a chef with full of experience his wife makes wonderful homemade korean dishes! i would recommend the bibimbap! but seriously everything from the hibachi to the udon is SUPER DELISH! they also have awesome lunch specials! go check it out! you will not be disappointed (:
Can not complain at all.  High grade sushi, high grade service.  Had to yelp as I sit here with my katsu fish!  It might even be a double visit this weekend!
By far the best sushi I have had in Seminole County. I was kind of afraid of eating in Sanford. Every time I do, it's not a pleasant experience. This family owned and run Sushi place is great though. The server, though not family, was friendly and attentive, and actually followed directions. When I asked her to give me 15 minutes then come back for another order...17 minutes later, PRESTO! there she was. Now for the food: Sushi - Very reasonable prices, great quality, nice presentation, and portion sizes are very good. I can usually eat 3 or 4 rolls along with a steak at Fishbones, but after 2 rolls here i was full. Korean food items: I had the Bibimbop. It was ok. Overall it was cooked well and the portion was great. My issue was with 2 things. Initially it had a bitter aftertaste, however this was cured when I pouring all the accompanying hot sauce in. Then the flavor was very traditional(I know this because my wife is Korean). The other item is the meat in it was ground beef. Now that's a no no. I did not like the texture at all. I asked the server and she assured me the Bulgogi was made with meat chunks as is customary so I think the other Korean items may not have the ground beef issues. I had the lunch special 2 rolls, soup and salad 9 bucks. Do not get it for the soup or salad. The onion soup is just broth with chives in it and the salad is just a bowl of iceberg lettuce swimming in dressing. But again for sushi the 9 buck for 2 rolls was a bargain! I give it 5 stars based on the sushi because that's what the name says and it's awesome!
I just want to say I went here with low expectations thinking it was another run of the mill restaurant. OMG! Was I wrong. Just go and see for yourself. If you love sushi you will love Maru Sushi Grill. I had the Maru Signature roll. An explosion of flavor s created from the sauces and garnishes.
The sushi was very good and the service was great.  Glad to find hidden gems like this in the Sanford area.
My 5th time here... And working my way thru the signature and specialty rolls... 15 more to go or so. The rolls are very large, I always split one with my gf. The mini veggie rolls I get every time! U love this place except there is no egg drop soup which is my favorite...and yes I know egg drop is Chinese but what the heck add it anyway :-)
Amazing food and friendly service! We have gone twice now and the sushi rolls were almost too pretty to eat, but upon digging in, we were mopping up every bit of sauce with each piece! Fantastic from start to finish!! We will definitely be back! Much better in food quality and portion sizes than any sushi restaurant in the area - definitely worth checking out! They are inventive with their flavor combinations and have you coming back to try something new everytime!
This is the place to go for Sushi and worth the drive from Altamonte/Lake Mary/Heathrow. Clean and always fresh. They have great deals at lunch + usually have one or two discounted rolls during dinner hours. The biggest plus is they have bibibap when you need a Korean fix. I wish they had more Korean options! Definitely give it a try!
Again this isn't at all my type of food but my granddaughter loves it. She was very happy nana took her here. That makes it worth it. Enjoy.
Really fresh and delicious sushi for a little strip mall place. This is a wonderful surprise. I can't remember the name of the rolls, but I tried 4 different items and they were all delicious. Great server too!
I love this place.  I've been there multiple times, never had one complaint.
Wow!  To think I've been going to Amura's for the past year without knowing this little joint was this close...  So about Maru, the rolls were fresh, tasty and amazing quality for the price. Looking at the roll list, I was impressed by their out of the box approach with the use of jalapeno's, asparagus to name a couple and to be honest, could have spent $$$ ordering more but didn't .  Check it out, you will not be disappointed.
Best sushi in Seminole County and top 3 in the Orlando area.  Very inventive fusion rolls.  Some favorites are the Maru Signature, Heathrow, Fiesta and Wild Tiger rolls.  Their rock shrimp hibachi uses sushi grade shrimp.  Usually get take out once per week, and it seems more people are finding out our little secret.
Very clean, fresh, and inventive. The usual rolls are offered beside some unique recipes. Try the American Dream roll, adding bacon and BBQ sauce to the usual crab and asparagus. Menu offers a range of other Japanese and Korean entrees for the non-sushi diners in your group.
Great sushi at good prices and a good location
A friend and I were looking for a japanese restaurant one night while in Sanford.  We found this place behind our hotel located at the North Mall Entrance Rd. The food did not disappoint.  The sashimi was so fresh and it just melted in my mouth.  The service was very good and the Sushi Chef behind the counter was very friendly and so was our waiter.  I will definitely go back when I'm in Sanford area again.
The service is good. Sushi is good. Nice selection. If you're in the area of the mall in Sanford and wanting Sushi, I would recommend it.
Great Sushi in Sanford!? Wow! On our way back to South Orlando we decided we would brave trying sushi out in the land of Sanford.  We naturally consulted yelp and came up with Maru Sushi.  The place was empty when we arrived and we found ourselves a seat in one of the booths located along the wall.  I ordered the Double Spicy Tuna and the Mango Roll and both were excellent (especially the double spicy tuna).  Finally, a spicy tuna roll with some kick to it!  The sushi tasted both fresh and delicious.  Service was friendly and the experience was just a great one.  When I'm back in Sanford this is where I am coming for sushi!
Wow! Best Sushi I've had in a long time. Cosmo, Castaway and Spicy Tuna. Want to go back tonight!
This place was a pleasant surprise! We found it via yelp while looking for a sushi place which was open on Sunday for lunch (hard to find in itself). We had 2 salads and 4 rolls between us and walked out at about $25. The service was good and the food was delicious. I would definitely swing by again while in FL.
I came into lunch and had the "Hibachi Beef." Essentially, a teriyaki grilled beef with assorted grilled vegetables and rice (However, it wasn't drenched in any sweet sauces, which is good). The portion (both beef and vegetables) was great for the price, everything was fresh and well seasoned. Nothing was overcooked, even the rice was of good quality (not the cheap mushy rice found in some other places). The restaurant is very clean and vibrant, the waitress was very friendly and made sure everything came out right and cooked to order. Overall great, I will return to try dinner and sushi sometime.
Best sushi ever..friendly owner, i'm pretty much a regular now sat/sun afternoon...usually get the signature roll with soup and salad for lunch. The Wild tiger sushi is my favorite..The udon soup's good too....top notch food and service every time....
Great sushi restaurant tucked away in a strip plaza near the Seminole Town Center mall.  Discovered it on Yelp; otherwise, would never have known it was around.  The sushi was fresh.  I am vegetarian and had the veggie sushi rolls.  My friends liked their sushi rolls.  Great presentation.  Slightly more expensive compared to some other restaurants in town but just as good.  The sushi specials are a deal.  Definitely worth a stop.
Wow I just discovered an amazing sushi place hidden in a strip mall in Sanford.  In Lake Mary normally we go to Amura, but this place had a great selection of Korean food as well as fresh amazing sushi. We went for lunch and had 4 amazing roles. We tried the KISSME  withcrab, smoked salmon, avocado, cream cheese tempura fried topped with sweet potato salad and eel, sweet chili sauce,   The FUSION SASHIMIA rice-less roll; crab, avocado, tuna, white fish, salmon, yellowtail, cream cheese wrapped in cucumber,  and the SUPER CRAZYegg custard, crab, avocado, cucumber, salmon skin, eel  topped with masago, wasabi tobiko, togarashi and eel sauce and then my standard The Rainbow Roll and every thing was great.  With lunch we got a choice miso or onion soup and a salad.  This is a nonsense place in a strip mall, but the sushi is fantastic.  I look forward to trying the some of the Korean options and the rest of the rolls.
I'm from Hawaii & know good sushi when I find it! Ive been here about 5 times & loved every visit. Its not very crowded as I don't believe a lot of people see it since its hiding on the corner of a little plaza by the Seminole town center mall. This place is the best sushi spot in this area. The staff are very friendly & welcoming. The food is very tasty & most importantly FRESH! The facility is clean & well kept. I highly recommend this place to all you sushi lovers! I'll be going back for sure!
Love this place!!
On the way to the airport after visiting Savannah and Charleston, ate lunch here and the sushi roll was as good as any that I've had in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Will try the Korean dishes next time.
I've had sushi from LA to NYC, and the rolls and nigiri here are excellent.  Some very unique rolls to choose from, and the server was fantastic.  Highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
