Located on 1st street in historic Sanford, with parking on the street. I was excited to see this location of Tony's pop up in Sanford, as I'm a longtime fan of Tony's Original Orlando location on Mills Ave. The food is fantastic and what a nice big space! The deli has a open, contemporary feel with plenty of seating inside and out and doesn't disappoint with food and friendly service. I ordered the 3 combo plate with falafel, hummus and fava bean salad. It came with a homemade, warmed pita on the side. It was a ton of food and a great price at $8.99. As with the original location, you can buy their pita to enjoy at home, it's $2.25 for a pack of 8, I believe. (We enjoyed them at home over the coming week.) Everything is made in house for use at the two Tony's deli locations, so the quality and ingredients are top notch. My lunch was wonderful! So good, that when I went back to the office talking about my awesome lunch, 2 co-workers headed there the following day. They also had great lunches, they ordered the gyro and a combo plate and were just as thrilled.
I really like this place.  They gyros and shawarma are excellent!  They have a bunch of side salads that are vegetarian and bean based and I like them all.  The staff is super friendly and the prices are spot on.  I would give them 5 stars but for two issues.  Oddly I think their hummus is a bit weak.  I've eaten at a lot of middle eastern joints and theirs is thin and a little bland.  Secondly they can be a little stingy with the pita.  I think if you order 4 mixed bean salads with tahini then you should get more than one pita.  Most places I've been to do just that.   It is a very nice restaurant and I'm so happy to have them here in our adopted hometown.  I'll keep going there and I'll do so hoping they change those two small pet peeves of mine.
A fun newer place in downtown Sanford, where the old Cafe Rouge used to be. There's plenty of seating inside and on the sidewalk, and all the staff are super helpful. The lamb was great, and though the gyro got messy towards the end, with plenty of Tzatziki sauce, I didn't mind one bit. I'm a fan!
I had never heard of Ton's Deli when I saw the sign that a new restaurant was coming to downtown Sanford.  With a name like Tony's Deli I was not thinking middle eastern food.  Then I saw the sign holder out front that said vegetarian and vegan friendly food! Happy dance!       I always get a combo platter because everything looks good.  I order the 3 item combo but the man behind the counter always gives me just a little taste of a 4th item if I haven't had it before.  The baba ghanoush, oh my goodness the baba ghanoush.  It's smoky and creamy and so, so good.  The hummus is good, the lima beans are a favorite, but the baba ghanoush is what has me dancing in my seat every time.  I stuff myself beyond comfort but it tastes so good!  One day I will have self control and take home leftovers... so I have room for that baklava by the counter!
I drive by Tony's everyday to work and have thought about stopping by for a while now. I decided to make my lunch that reason for today! Now from the signs outside  and the name itself "Tony's Deli" I was under the impression it be a sandwich place. Well, I feel pleasantly surprised :) Both of the young gentlemen made great recommendations! I chose to do the 3 combo, but I'm a very indecisive person, especially when I've never been to a place. I went with the artichoke hearts stuffed with beef ( that was one of the recommendations) and then I chose the lentil-onion rice, which the other gentleman advised that the peppered cabbage on top goes well together. Well I went with the stuffed cabbage and olive leaf rolls instead, but since I was never there before and the guy really felt it was a great pairing, he threw the cabbage on top of the rice free of charge! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! The crunch on top of the soft, savory rice was magical. It reminded me of my mother's cooking (if she was Middle Eastern) and has a really good home-style feel. The artichoke hearts gushed with the juices of the beef and tomato and the stuffed cabbage and leaves were juicy as well, with a nice hint of lemon. Nothing was over salted or over spiced and definitely not greasy. Finally, I decided to try the baklava since I never have and it was the icing on the cake! Plus as I was leaving one of the men told me about the free wine they giveaway on Fridays in their lounge. Great service and great food, I definitely recommended it to my co-workers and now you! Only giving four our of five because this is my first real experience with the regions cuisine, don't have anything to compare it with, but good first impression.
Had a great lunch there, service was fast and friendly, and the food tasted fresh and delicious. Check it out, you won't regret it! Update: Still love this place. They deliver to my house about a mile away, very friendly staff, the food is great!
I go here often for lunch, whenever possible actually.  The Gyro and Shawarma are amazing, as are the vegetarian options.  I like having that choice; some places have vegetarian options that are bland, flavorless overcooked textures.  Not here!  If it weren't that I work late on weekends, I'd come here too as they've opened up a venue next door for late night activities.  Awesome people, they are always friendly and courteous and the food is fresh, fast and fantastic!
Easy ride from the auto train, and great food. Try the combo platter. I had tabbouleh, baba ganoush and kibbeh - all delicious.
This place Made it so much easier to go vegetarian!! Everything is delicious and we come here to eat whenever we can!!!
Just as good as their sister restaurant on Mills Ave. Very friendly!
I really wanted to love this place since it's so close by, and I love gyros, but I was very underwhelmed. The lamb gyro meat was dry, and the pita was either stale or over-toasted. It was hard and inedible in one part. The lima beans were pretty good, but the meat pie and spinach pies were dry and lacked flavor. I did like the hummus, but couldn't enjoy it much with the pita they served. Maybe I got them on a bad day, but I was hoping for something much better given the reviews and their experience.
Its a great place to have gyros. The lamb was really yummy. I would definitely recommend this place. It is one of the good and economical Mediterranean food. This is a good place for pickup as well if you are in a hurry.
When I saw that this space on 1st street in  downtown Sanford was now occupied by Tony's Deli, I did a happy dance.  Tony's was one of my favorites when we lived in downtown Orlando, almost too good to be true to have them here in Sanford. They have the BEST vegetarian stuffed grape leaves, yummy hummus, tabouli like it should be made and falafel that is just right.  As vegetarians, downtown Sanford leaves a whole lot to be desired so Tonys is a great addition, truly Xmas came early this year!   They also have lamb and other meat dishes for the non vegetarians among us.  Portion sizes are generous and there's a really great selection of options.  One of these days will have to leave room for their baklava, which looks tempting, am always so full haven't had the chance to sample it (yet). They're also on the less awful parking end of downtown. Please give this new addition to downtown   Sanford a try, we hope Tonys will be successful in this new location!
Love the second location of Tonys Deli. The food was great and the service as well.
Wow!  So glad I learned about this place from Orlando Weekly!  Had their lamb Shawarma last night for my 1st time ever.  Oh my.....perfect amount of meat & sauce! Their falafel was perfectly spiced & not too dry & not too moist & served with a wonderful sauce  The Tabbouli was the BEST I've ever had!  I could taste so many different spices in in.  Also had some cabbage salad. That was perfect too!  So very many, healthy options here!  Service was excellent & extremely friendly!  I will be back & very, very often! In fact, going today for lunch!  Shawarma time!
I haven't been to the sister, or is it mother?, location but this one is great. The food was very fresh and tasty. It's a great location for sidewalk dining. They have the lamb that rotates on a cooking pole that certainly has a real name that I can't remember but I love it just the same. Great sides--it was hard to choose. I love all of the different food  ethnicities available in downtown Sanford.
This is a comfortable little place with excellent food!  I had the 4 item platter and tried the lamb, salad, dolmades and some kind of large hushpuppy looking thing with meat in it (they told me the name but I forgot it).  The atmosphere is that of a deli -- plain and simple.  The focus is on the food.  The staff was wonderful!
Wow, just moved into the area, and had passed this restaurant a few times. Popped in for takeout and I was amazed! There is a wall of hot and cold choices, I had two dinners made of six different choices! My husband loves mousaka, and luckily Thursday is mousaka night. It was mild and delicious. I tried the lamb, and the chicken, both were very good. The couscous was a cool surprise, and just like the other review, the tabbouleh was yummy. This is going to be one of my frequent stops. Found out they deliver.....even better...
Highly Recommended! Tried this place recently with my girlfriend and I have to say we were both very impressed. The customer service was excellent, price was extremely reasonable, and the food was absolutely delicious! The name threw me off at first, it sounds like an Italian deli where one might go for subs, anti-pasta, pizzas, flat breads etc. But upon entering I was happy to learn it is Mediterranean food and they have a slew of healthy salads, falafels, stuffed grape leaves, hummus and if you are feeling like some meat to fill your gut they have all kinds of gyros to choose from.  We were both very excited to see a vegetarian/vegan option come closer to Sanford. Now we no longer have to drive way down to Altamonte for Sweet Tomatoes to have a night off in the kitchen. It was nice that they walk you down the line an tell you what everything is, and if you are vegan or vegetarian they don't look at you like you have three heads, they go right into what is on the menu for you, which was quite a selection! Some places hear you are vegetarian and they assume you want lettuce and tomatoes. Not Tony's Deli, they are very outside the box with a bunch of creative options. Keep in mind also, I am a big guy who used to eat 24 oz steaks before recently going into a lifestyle change with my diet, and I didn't go away hungry at all.  Everything was made from scratch, friendly and helpful staff, and we will definitely be returning regulars in the future.
