My favorite place to visit on my days off! The friendliest staff and the most delicious,reasonably priced coffee. My fiancé and I discovered this gem a couple months ago when we moved to the area and have visited almost every week. It's family owned so the cafe is open short hours but it's always the peek coffee craving hours. I've tried almost every coffee drink in their menu and have yet to find one I have not enjoyed. Although I will be moving out the area next year, I will make sure to take a trip every few weeks to get my favorite cappuccino :)
I don't know what they do to the coffee beans here, but it is the ONLY place on earth where I will drink it black-Coming from a guy who is a hard core "cream & sugar user, this is fascinating .. The Coffee is always outstanding here. I triple recommend!!!
This place is a gem. This is the only shop I have visited in the area that offers so many kinds of single-origin coffees. They will brew it for you traditionally or into a cafe-au-lait. I got a cafe-au-lait brewed with coffee from the Galapagos Islands. It was so good--strong with almond and guava undertones. They also serve amazing entrees, bakery items, and snacks. Prices are really reasonable ($2.00 for a large coffee; $2.95 for a large cafe-au-lait) considering the variety of food/drink options, warm atmosphere, welcoming staff, free-wifi access, abundant outdoor seating, and the amazing view of Lake Monroe right on Sanford's riverwalk. To top it off, it is locally-owned and is a great draw for the booming Sanford downtown historic district. I highly recommend Caffe Di Riverwalk.
Corteous and friendly staff. Good is tasty and well presented. I order brekki burrito with Malaui coffee and it was delicious. We ate outside the cafe and i really enjoyed the river view. I will definitely come back
What a fantastic spot for breakfast and a nice cup of joe. Overlooking the water, this quaint cafe offers a great selection of smoothies, hearty sandwhiches, and of course a wide array of pastries and other baked goods. The staff and owners were extremely helpful and polite. My wife and I will be making this our go to place for a relaxing eatery on the lake.
Everything about this place is amazing!! It reminds me of coffee shops found in San Francisco. The staff is extremely friendly. We both had the croissant breakfast sandwich and it was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had!! Iced tea was delicious as well! I would give it more stars if possible.
Love this place!!! Best Lattes in Orlando. Wonderful and tasty food with great presentation. Best kept secret
Wow... this is by far my favoritest cafe/coffee shop! Felix and Sherrie started it around Summer 2011. They are very friendly and personable- it's a joy to stop by, see them, and get a coffee! Coffee is well priced and Felix makes some of the best latte's! He's always get's the milk temperature just right and pays attention to the small details! Sherrie's bread and pastries are awesome! The atmosphere is really good- right off Lake Monroe. This is one of the only places my wife and I really miss since moving away from Sanford- take advantage of this little wonder while you live in the area! We miss it a LOT! Tip: They're open Monday-Saturday and closed Sundays. Try any one of their 20+ coffee's or one of Felix's signature latte's if you stop by!
Great coffee shop run by such a kind family! Such a fabulous view of the waterfront too. Nice selection of coffee, tea, smoothies, desserts, and other breakfast and lunch items. So glad to have them in Downtown Sanford!
Great food... a must stop! Everything is made fresh!
Fabulous cafe for a lite breakfast or lunch with good friends! Great selection of teas and coffee. Will definitely be coming back for my next visit to Sanford!
Best Cafe around!! Every time I go in I get a tropical treat smoothie, it's the best smoothie around. Not only is everything on their menu so fresh and delicious, but also the owners are great and it's pet friendly!
Some of the best coffee in town. Their iced coffee is awesome, and their espresso milkshake is a real treat! Food is good too, and the limoncello cake is to die for. They are also very sweet there and have amazing service. The only thing I would change is the hours...they close at 2 and aren't open on Sunday, and I wish they were open longer hours because I would give them more business!
One of my favorite coffee house! Not only is the incredible view of the lake right there, but you can pick coffee from a ll over the world. Just pick what you want, they grind the beans and then make it fresh every time! The service is great, the staff friendly, like family.  The food is good. Since I am there often I'd like a bigger selection, but I'm always happy when I leave.  You can also purchase a card there for repeat business and save 20% every time!  They make a lot of the bakery goods themselves, the banana bread is great!
