GOODFELLA's--More Like...GREATFELLA's!  *Rimshot*   This IS THE BEST Italian Food in VOLUSIA COUNTY! We had (Please note: everything comes out piping hot: which is the way it should be!) A Dozen Garlic Knots: Seriously Delicious: Great Bread, Great Sauce (bold, Zesty, Flavorful and thick) With a healthy amount of FRESH garlic, olive oil and spices. 10 Wings: (Sounds a little crazy) but these ARE the best wings I've had in a very long time and I can't wait to go back to order them again.  Great crisp crust on the outside--and just the right amount of sauce and flavor to the sauce! 2 Caesar Salads: Which the ladies quite enjoyed--they made their own croutons and you could also get them with anchovies (if you are a traditionalist) 2 slices of Sicilian--the crust on the sicilian is very different from the other one--but you wouldn't know it unless you've tried both---the best way to describe the sicilian crust -is buttery, light, yet crispy, golden brown, deliciousness.  Seriously you just have to give it a go. Eggplant Rollatini--If you like Eggplant Parmesan--This is better, and this is the best you can get. Chicken Antonio: Just delicious--the chicken was crispy and the mix of ham and marsala sauce with the spinach and cheese was just heavenly. If anybody doesn't like this place--they don't know good italian food! I can't wait to go back---EAT IT OLIVE GARDEN!   THIS is what REAL ITALIAN FOOD is supposed to be!
I've always ordered Goodfellas' pizza or sicilians. Of course, I've eaten the calamari. All of which are exceptionally satisfying. Way better than the avg Florida Italian pizzeria. Today my family chose to try the chicken scarpariella and the eggplant parmesan. I've had chicken scarpariella in other restaurants and never have I eaten it nor seen it cooked in a red spaghetti sauce. When I was told it was in a marinara sauce I took to the web. I could not find a recipe with marinara. My wife called back and was told they would make it with a white wine garlic sauce. Thank God I said. What a mistake. The scarpariella was totally bland. It was the absolute worst Italian food I've ever had. Then I tried the eggplant parm, which was served with marinara, and it was also very very bland. The sauce was clear your of a can and had zero seasoning added to it. Maybe Florida Italian is different. And expectations are not the same but jeez. This was so bad that my son asked why it was so bad. And he's 12. Sorry Goodfellas. I can't see my self eating anything but pizza or a Sicilian there again. Which puts more time between my visits. Way more time.
So close. But no cigar. All the ingredients appear to be aligned for a most-excellent meal. A local Italian restaurant with a broad menu of family favorites. Reasonable prices. Good service. And judging by all the positive reviews, a sterling reputation for good food. Except....not quite. We ordered the house-special garlic knots. Hot; fresh; pillowy-soft; heavy dose of garlic; swimming in garlic-infused melted butter. Good first step. On to our family-size Caesar salad. Crisp, fresh romaine torn in manageable fork-friendly bite-size pieces. A creamy Caesar dressing, w/plenty extra on the side for those of us who like a lot of dressing. Delicious croutons, obviously house-made - perhaps from leftover garlic-knot or pizza dough? Nice second step - so far, so good. Now comes our pizza. A large 16" made-from-scratch dough, hand-formed, with the Goodfella's special: pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms, and we added anchovies. Beautiful presentation of a piping-hot pie - except, where are our ingredients? Each of the 8 slices of a 16" pie have 1 or 2 small slices of pepperoni, a smudge of sausage, a shadow of mushrooms (we're still looking for our mushrooms), a couple of pieces of sliced onion, and 1 thin canned-anchovy filet the size of a false eyelash on each slice. Really? $17.95 including the extra charge for those anchovy slices? Tasty crust. Flavorful sauce. Non-existent cheese. And scrawny toppings. Not a good value at all. Oops. You just lost us. Wonder why such a nice, well thought-out restaurant, with a talented chef who obviously knows how to prepare very fresh, flavorful Italian food, would scrimp so badly on ingredients in order to rip-off the same customers who would beat a path to their door for just such fresh, well-prepared Italian food.  I don't understand - why do locally-owned restauranteurs think their customers are stupid? Burn me once, your fault. Burn me twice, my fault for ignoring your having taken advantage of me the first time. The food here is very tasty. The folks who work here are very nice. The ambience is a pleasure. The location is convenient. But, beware - if you eat here expecting a good value, and are then disappointed in the minimalist servings, don't say you weren't warned. What a shame. What could have been.
This was the worse tasting pizza. Not salvageable by any means. Just yuk. Awful thin soggy crust and sweet sauce. The greek salad was also not remotely impressive and contained bits of wilted lettuce. Idk how they have so many great reviews.
Excelet Food. Top of the line Giganic Meatballs. Not like those frozen ones you get from The Olive Garden. Lagzagna is like your Momma made.
this place is great and the food is just as great. I love the fact they deliver. That is a bonus. Sometimes I want more than pizza delivery KWIM? My husband loves the Stromboli, I love the Calzone and my daughter usually has the spaghetti and meatballs or meatball sub. When we order food for delivery we have the Italian subs.
The food is excellent. Chicken parm is very good. Be sure and try the desserts. The tiramisu is excellent.
This place is a treasure. Hungry for Italian food while partaking in The Daytona 500 weekend. We stumbled across this gem thanks to the good reviews on YELP. Thank you YELP! Service-Friendly, makes you feel like you are in mama's kitchen. Lots of locals and take out going on here. We arrived at 7:00 and had to wait for about 30 minutes for a table. Food-Amazing!!! We ordered the pizza knots that were served in buttery garlic with a marinara sauce. So good. For my main course I had the cheese ravioli  with the best sauce and mozzarella melted on top. It's a large portion with 8 large ravioli 's smothered with red tomato It was tasty and light. My husband ordered this trio of manicotti, stuffed eggplant and lasagna. Again, very large portion so way too much food for 1 person and he said it was cheesy. Also, when you order an entree they give you a choice of soup or salad and bring French bread drizzled with butter and Parma cheese on top...when given a choice of soup order the wedding soup. It light and very traditional. Trust the good reviews; this is the place to go when you want to your Italian mojo on.
Best italian food around, before I go on business trips I have to eat at goodfellas, and when I return I have to go right from the airport. Best tiramisu around!, I love this place. I WISH THEY WERE OPEN SEVEN DAYS A WEEK!!!!
Awesome pizza, great salads and yummy pasta! I've tried quite a bit from here and I've never been disappointed. The staff treats you like family and is quite fun. it's always hopping which is a great thing to see at a restaurant.  Their lunch menu isn't very big and would be nice if it had some pizza choices or salad choices on there...hint hint... :) But over all, super yummy, great flavor and very speedy.
If you want the real deal this is it.  I have only had the pizza but it was great.
Very popular place.  Best to make reservations.  Worth the wait.  Food is fresh and delicious!  Another hidden gem near Deltona.
First off, thank you for having a website that provides all of your information. Seems that around this area no one does that. Secondly, thank you for providing delivery. Food is super yummy and the employees are very pleasant. I've ordered twice for delivery and both times the employees were easy to understand and very helpful. The food is delish. Love the garlic knots they are super garlicky. The veggie Stromboli and  veggie calzone are amazing. They have a large variety of veggies and they're fresh! One suggestion, serve french fries with your subs.
Great little family owned restaurant.  My favorite thing about Goodfellas is he service.  The wait staff is so friendly and goes out of their way to make you comfortable and happy, no matter how busy they are. The menu is good with a variety of great Italian food.  The mussles  marinara is excellent as is the lasagna.  For dessert, try a chocolate chip cannoli.  They melt in your mouth.  Topped off with a nice glass of wine and it's really great dining.
The Margarita Pizza is to die for !!  Ordered it thin, crispy crust not burned ( a patron told us to order their pizza this way on an earlier visit). We added fresh garlic to it. The two of us ate the whole pizza in under 20 minutes. " It's Addicting" !!
Been a few times, the Pizza is above average for this area. The crust could be more crisp and needs a sprinkle of oregano. I hesitate to try the Sicilian pie because they use the same sauce on the traditional pizza. A true Sicilian pizza sauce will have bits of onion. Pete's Pizza in Daytona has a great Sicilian pizza. @ GF's I would recommend the plain cheese pizza, ask for it to be baked well done. The white pizza with spinich was also pretty good.
The food is awsome the lunch special are very big portions. Garlic knots best in the world  service was great desserts were very good chicken parm best in the deltona area very nice decor how has it taken me all these years to eat here
Expected better, everything everyone ordered was mediocre... you ask around the table and each says "eh, it's okay.." My husband even lost his appetite and wouldn't eat more than two bites... he never does that! So disappointed :/
I was born and raised in little Italy of the Bronx, NY. 187th street and Arthur Avenue. My great grandmother was from across the pond and my childhood memories are of her frying meatballs and cooking sauce, which she called gravy, on Sunday mornings. This is the day that the entire family would gather at her little apartment on Cambreling Avenue and 187th, right around the corner from the world famous Artuso's Pastry Shop. She wasn't the only one cooking on Sunday mornings. The hallways of her 6 story walkup were wafting with the scent of garlic frying in olive oil as all of the Italian women began preparing their Sunday meals as soon as they came home from mass at Mt. Carmel church. While my great grandmother has been gone for a long time, I still to this day use her sauce recipe and it is her sauce by which all other sauces are measured. Needless to say I know a thing or two about both eating and cooking Italian food. Goodfella's Pizza sits in a small strip mall on the north side of Enterprise Rd in DeBary Florida. Its not hard to miss the strip mall or the store as the busy Street is lined with strip malls and medical pavilions, but, if you let your nose lead, you will, surely find it. The outside is a simply and unremarkable store front but when you step in the decor is warm and inviting with earthy tones, and the smells are heavenly. The walls are lined with mivie poster for every mob flick Hollywood evert produced and if this restaurant were in an Italian neighborhood in NYC, ptrons would undoubtedly be insulted, but this isn't NYC and the neighborhood isn't Italian. Its all a bit pretentious, but I do get the owners attempt to capture a culture that I get the feeling most of the restaurants patrons are not very familiar with and so it does have a certain charm. Over the PA system comes the soft sound of, who else, Frank Sinatra. Service was extremely friendly and fast despite the fact that I was there at lunch time. The pizza was the closest I have had to true New York pizza since I left a year and a half ago. Rumor has it that what makes New York Pizza so good is something in the water. Well Godfella's owner is either importing NYC water or he has found a way to duplicate its magic because the crust was thin and crispy. The sauce was very good. Was it my grandmothers? No. It was however exceptional in comparison to any other restaurant sauce I have had in Florida, The mozzarella cheese was fresh and ample. The bottom line is that if you are looking for true new York Style pizza, this place is about as close as you are going to get in central Florida. Location: B Decor: B+ Staff: A Food: A+ Price: B Overall Grade: A
I'm very picky with Italian food because I'm from up north where all we did was eat homemade italian. First, the pizza here is amazing (thats why I'm giving it 4 stars). We have gotten the pizza several times and its just the best. I HIGHLY suggest getting a plain pie, or white. Saturday was the first time we went for italian food, not pizza. It was adequate, not horrible but not to die for. The service was good. However, we ordered appetizers, salads and dinnera and our server was adament about us keeping our forks. I'm all about saving water and not wasting but some of my party had seafood appetizers and then salad. Sorta icky in my opinion but whatever. We also got one half loaf of bread for 6 people, little weird too. We asked for more and it came out right away. Good bread, a little boring but fresh. The house salad dressing is delicious! And our dinner salads were a good size and very fresh. My meal was decent, could have used more flavor but that could be my taste. I ordered a garlic and oil based pasta and I wanted more garlic. But like I said that could be just me because I loooove garlic :)  My bf got veal that was tough, but other than that it was good. I would definitely try the food again
Our new favorit pizza place!  The strumbolli is GREAT too!  The service could be a little friendlier or maybe poliet is the word but the Owner is a Great guy. So far all the items we have ordered have been AWSOME!
As a transplanted New Yorker (against his will) I no longer have to drive to Mario the Baker in Sunrise, Florida for good neighborhood Italian.  Most Italian places try and deviate from the basics, by changing the tried and true recipies, pretending their upscale and trying to be somehting Italian food is not.  I want great sauce that is not acidic, tons of cheese, light breading, and big portions. When I leave an Italian joint I don't want to be broke and I want them to roll me out.  This is the formula that keeps me coming back; in the Orlando area places like this don't exist.  If I have to eat at one more over-hyped, over-priced poser Italian place named Anthony's I am going to end it all.  Gag me!   I finally found a place and a menu in Central Florida that gets what the concept of neighborhood Italian is all about.  The garlic knots, although not as good as the garlic rolls in Mario's (knots are never as good as rolls because they are heavier) were dripping in oil and garlic when ordered wet.  I used their suburb Italian bread served with my Chicken Parm to mop up the oil and remaining sauce from the knots.  The Chicken Parm was perfect, lightly breaded, brimming with flavor, and tender to the fork.  The old school spaghetti it was sitting on was the perfect compliment.  Also, bravo for being able to wash it all down with Coke products. I will pay the extra quarter for coke.  I hate Pepsi and avoid restaurants that serve it.  Restaurant owners take note, stop switching to it because it is cheaper, it should be cheaper: it's crap.  Atosphere is stellar and the service was impeccable.  I will be taking the 20 mile drive from home to eat here on a regular basis.
I love this place, personally.   In my opinion, if you live in the Debary/Orange City area, and you want pizza, Tony's is #1 and this place is #1A.   If you want a little more of an Italian restaurant-type feel and meal, this is #1 and Tony's is #1A.    This building has been under different ownership before (some really good and some pretty bad) and I was so glad to hear that they were putting a Goodfella's in.   The restaurant itself is set up awesome inside with the tuscan feel but with pictures of mob movies.   Try the stuffed italian slice...just don't plan on doing anything for an hour or two afterwards.  It's a beast.    It's nice to see that they came into the Debary area, as there's definitely a craving around here for restaurants of this caliber and style.   I'll be going back again and again.
Very nice decor rest.... Our waiter was outstanding and food was very very good.
This had got to be the best pizza we have had since moving down from the northeast!! Clean , hot fresh food and garlic knots to die for!! Created our own pizza, eggplant, roasted red peppers , fresh basil & ricotta cheese !!! Fantastic!! Prices good . All around great place!
The garlic knots are great and the pizza is delicious! The almond cream cake is also great. Atmosphere is good.
Great food at a great price! The smell of garlic permeates the restaurant, the sauce is sweetened just right and you get a LOT of food for you dollar! The service was good and friendly AND we decided to cater our next dinner party w/ them. They helped us w/ the details and made us feel like they were really taking care of us. We're definitely adding this to our list of regular haunts!
Goodfellas makes the best pizza around here no doubt about it! Very fresh and healthy! I love it! Thanks, Charlie
Wow great family Italian restaurant. I love the food here and I can't wait to eat there again.
Just discovered Goodfellas on a recommendation; we've been here twice now and ordered take out once and have been pretty satisfied all 3 times. It's pretty darn good Italian & definitely some of the best in the area. HUGE portions, I'm talking 3-4 take home boxes per table. It's great b/c you have a midnight snack & then lunch too. Each time we've had to wait 15 minutes for a table and this was on a week night both times we dined in. The place is busy, which is great. I'm thinking that if they had an extra bus boy or helper of some kind to box all of the left over food that people can get in and out quicker and there wouldn't be a wait all the time. The place sits about 65 people and has maybe 15 tables which could also explain the wait at times. I found our waiter (Nathan?) from our first visit to be very good as well as our waitress last night, Linda. There was some inattentiveness at times though I must say, but again they're too busy boxing up left overs. Anytime I needed a refill or whatever it may have been the wait staff that was tending to us was boxing up another table. I suggest smaller portions or having 1 or 2 more employees on the floor. We will however be back b/c the food, again is great, fresh, arrives hot & for the most part in a timely manner. Good job, Goodfellas!!!
Wonderful food! Exceptional service and nice atmosphere. Try the garlic knots as an appetizer. The meals are large and also quite tasty.
Undiscovered gem! The original in Orlando is rocking and this location deserves the same love. Awesome Southern Italian done right, from scratch! Excellent red sauce, traditional favorites like Parmigianas and various Pasta dishes, and of course their Pizza. I love, love, love their Vampire-repelling Garlic Bread Knots. Great service and hands-on owners, they really do things well.
This is becoming my favorite spot.   Calzone was great.  Asked for thin crust pizza and that is just how we got it...
Do not place a pick up order here if you won't be there EXACTLY when they say it will be ready...you will get scoulded! I called and odered a pizza to be picked up.They said 20 minutes,but by the time I got there,it was about 35 minutes or so...I live on the other side of town and had to get my child in the carseat,etc.I wasn't expecting a new pizza!The pizza was perfect when I got it home....not too hot. When I arrived,3 people were there to rudely greet me and said to disregard the message they left on my phone and said "we do have delivery".They made me feel uncomfortable and never have I experienced this with any other pizza place.That's why you put the pizza on top of the oven or a warmer and if the customer is not there in exactly 20 minutes,that's their parrogative...you don't SCOLD the customer's.The pizza was very good,but I won't order from here again.
Great local friendly family restaurant. My daughter loves their wings. I've had selections from their Greek Salad, to Veal Parm, Chicken Parm, all versions of their pizza.  A great addition to the local mix of restaurants, and a stand-out for great Italian food at a modest price.
