Yeah, not so much. We decided to try it based on some reviews on here. I wasn't at all impressed. The first thing I noticed was the chips had a very strange aftertaste. The waitstaff was very nice, they were great about keeping our chips and salsa filled (which I might add, the rest of my family enjoyed....I was the only one who noticed the aftertaste) and our sodas topped off. Our children's food got to the table first and they really only ate the french fries....but that might very well be because they're kids. My husband's and my food arrived next, his a shrimp enchilada and mine a steak burrito that was supposed to be wet. My burrito contained chicken. The waitress apologized and quickly returned with what I assume was the correct order. I asked for my beans and rice on the side, so all that was in the stale tortilla was dried up, luke warm steak. The tortilla was covered in queso sauce, which I thought was supposed to be a red sauce, but either way, I wish I would've kept the chicken burrito. The rice and beans were lukewarm as well. My husband, who is NOT PICKY AT ALL, said he's had better. We won't be going back.
One of the better mexican options within 40 miles. Great guac, salsas. Chips are ok. Green burrito is amazing.
Someone knows what's up in the kitchen.  Perfect chips, not too salty or oily, just perfect, crisp and light with fresh salsa and pico de gallo, sprinkled with avocado. My meal of quesadilla, rice and beans was equally as impressive--very clean, simple, neat food.  I can tell someone takes pride in what they do here, and it shows! Good eating!
Mi Tierra, you had me at 2-4-1 Margaritas. Knowing how these free Margarita deals pan out, I gulped down the first one really fast while eating copious amounts of chips and salsa. This incited an "Are you sure you want to do that?" from my dining companion. "Yes," I replied. "I have a second one coming, and it doesn't taste like there's any tequila in there." This all changed by the time the entrees arrived and the second Margarita was placed in front of me. I looked at my friend, smiled and announced "I'm drunk." I was pretty intoxicated, but this didn't prevent me from enjoying the food. In fact, it enhanced everything. We both ordered Chicken Enchiladas, and per Mexican Food requirements, the plates were huge. Three enchiladas covered in verde sauce, sour cream, and avocado, and tons of refried beans and rice. Ole! It was a tasty feast, a meal I'm sure is on par with stuff actually being served in Mexico (I'll never know, as I can't get anybody to visit Mexico with me). The decor was festive and tacky, and there was a dude in the front singing songs in Spanish that I can no longer recall. Service was friendly, you don't go thirsty and the place seemed clean. It was so much fun that I kind of want to live here, constantly eating Mexican food, growing very large and forever staying in that warm, Tequila haze. Have a visit, inhale your first Margarita in one minute, and let the magic happen. UPDATE: I'm taking a star away. My most recent visit yielded dry food and my dining partner was quite ill the next few days. I'm not sure I'll be chancing this one again.
Overall this is a great Mexican restaurant and one of my faves, but I have to say that the quality has been a bit off lately. The fish tacos, which I enjoyed when they added them, have been replaced with a mostly breading and a cheaper quality fish. They are definitely not worth the price. I do not recommend them and I have voiced my opinion to the owner. It didn't seem to do much good. Also, my husband got the all-you-can eat chicken tacos and the quality of the chicken meat was terrible. It didn't even taste like chicken. Very poor parts of the chicken. I have never understood why restaurants start to cheap out on the quality to save money, when it does just the opposite. That is how you lose my business. The chips, salsa and cheese dip are still very much up to par. I just hope they improve on the other things.
2 for 1 DELICIOUS margaritas! Chips, salsa, and fresh pico de gallo is part of your meal.  Cheese dip was REAL queso.   My entree was an asada of some kind!  It was amazing.  I fed my Brother and Myself VERY well for under $40.00 The ambience was great too, they even had the Matrix playing!
Yum yum! I'm not going to say i'm a Mexican food expert...but this place is super yummy! The staff is always friendly and attentive. Who doesn't like chips and dip amiright? And 2 for 1 margaritas?! What else can you ask for? Oh yeah, big portions of delicious Mexican food...They got it all people...
Love this place!  It's my go to when I crave Mexican.  Hands down, Mi Tierra has better food and a better atmosphere than La Hacienda (across the street).  I was never a fan of huevos rancheros.... but WHOA, Mi Tierra blew my mind !!!! I think about it all the time... sad, I know.  I would probably order it for every mean if I could.  Their tacos are great, they offer authentic Mexican cuisine as well not just tex-mex.  Trust me when I say step outside your burrito box and try something new!!  Oh yeah, and their daily drink specials are pretty amazing too!  Enjoy!
Let me first say that I am very picky when I comes to Mexican Food. I have been coming here for years. I stumbled onto Mi Tierra by meeting a friend for lunch. I retuned back with my wife and daughter and had since become the bar at which I set my standards. Everything from the kitchen is fresh. When you are seated you are treated with the best pico de gallo you have ever tasted. My wife loves the house sangria. Try it... You see what I'm talking about.
I like coming to this restaurant for the freindly staff, fun atmospere, and food. Love when they have live musicians playing throughout the restaurant.
Fast service and big portions.. Also.. if you get the special it is really CHEAP !
I'm skeptical of Tex-Mex outside of Texas, but I was very pleased.  Authentic Mexican cheese, 2-for-1 beers and margaritas, good service, and reasonable prices make this a five star recommendation. The margaritas were quite good.  There could have been more beer options, but it's more about the food quality balanced against price for me.
First let me explain the 4 stars and not 5....my complaint is very minor...I do not like the plastic type cafeteria style plates.. never have...that being said...the food is outstanding. .. first time here and was more than surprised. ..the salsa and chips are part of your meal... someone had posted a picture of a green looking salsa so I asked if I could try it.....BAM!! Green tomato pico....wow!! The food was authentic and served hot and fresh. A half of fresh diced avocado accompanied my plate. Very excited that 2-4-1 is all day every day on drafts....of course I had to have Dos Equis....You want Mexican you need to go here!
I have a problem. My entire life I have been a slave to portions. What I mean by this is that I do not have the ability to leave food on my dish. I say this honestly. Well friends, Mi Tierra has broken the curse because for the first time in 45 years, I could not finish my meal and took part of it home with me. I had the steak burrito gigante and folks it lived up to the billing. It wasn't just my portion as I was with a party of six. All of the portions were enormous and the food was spectacular. My steak burrito was so large it was surreal. Inside was rice, cooked to perfection, refried beans that were to die for and tender strips of steak that were seasoned with a delicious melody of shallots and cilantro. It was simply outstanding. My party was equally impressed with their meals. So why not five stars ? Two reasons. Sorry to those who may not agree but the drinks sucked. The Margaritas tasted more like lemonade and we had to ask for more tequila in them to make them passable. After ordering a second round they were delivered equally weak. They offer 2 for one drinks all of the time which is great but clearly they are able to do this by offering very little alcohol in their drinks.  The other thing that kept this from being a five start review was the server who was forgetful and seemed to handle the weak drink problem begrudgingly. These few problems did not ruin the overall experience and I would highly recommend this Reasturant over La Hacienda, which is right across the road.
It's an understatement to say that there are a lot of Mexican restuarants in the greater DeLand area. I can say that I have been to almost all of them and that this is far and away the best. I went here on a weekly basis for a period of about a year before I moved away from the area to go to school. Just as many adhere to the rule that you can judge any restaurant by its salad, I believe you can judge any Mexican restaurant by its chips and salsa, and Mi Tierra dominates in this category. Chips are always fresh and piping hot, and salsa has just the right consistency. Plus the variety is great. Ask for the tomatillo (green) salsa if they don't bring it out; it's the best but sometimes they reserve it for the regulars. The menu has great variety and diversity, and everyhing is always great and made with unwavering quality. This is one of those places where you will order one thing, and it will be so good that you will order it everytime you go back. That item for me is the chicken chimichangas. They have a daily lunch special that is silly cheap and even do breakfasts on weekdays. Drink pricing is quite a draw at this place to say the least...$2.50 for a 24 ounce dos equis draft? Yes, please. Come on sunday or monday and get two for one margaritas...they're huge. Bring a designated driver and go to town. Overall, this is about the apex of Mexican food in the area. There isn't really anything that I can imagine that they could do to improve this place. Come on a Friday or Saturday night and you might get lucky with live music.
This is by far one of my favorite restaurants! The waitress/waiters are very friendly, quick and helpful. The food is great and always fresh. Their salsa is probably my favorite part of the entire experience, and also the huge Dos Equis :)
We have been looking for a good Mexican restaurant in the Orlando, and this is the best one we've been to. DELICIOUS chips and pico de gallo with avocado, yummy salsa, 2 for 1 margaritas.Great queso! Our meals were very good too. Tamales, tacos, enchiladas. Good prices too. We can't wait to go back!
Great homemade Horchata!
They have all-you-can-eat tacos Monday thru Thursday, 11 to close, for $7.99 (at the time of this review).   They're delicious.    Hard beef or chicken....and soft steak or chicken tacos.   I uhhh....just got home after eating 9 of them.   I have a weird combo feeling of embarrassment and pride right now...
I don't know what has changed but something here totally has. There chips & pico use to have cut up pieces of avocado that made it all that much better but they aren't doing that any more. Very disappointing!  There food is pretty good, only Mexican we go to around here. There guacamole is the best but a large runs about $6 & it's probably a cup $ a half. A little pricy I think. There 2-4-1 margaritas are huge $ really good. Service is pretty good. Some mistakes on take out a few times & we have gotten orders that were totally wrong. But they remember ur name when u walk in & smile. Wish it was a little cleaner. Oh a sauce they make that is great is the green tomato sauce it is Great!
Not impressed with this place. I am a HUGE mexican food fan! and i can usually tell if its gonna be good by their chips and salsa...Which were actually good... except in fine print on the menu... the first serving of chips n salsa are complimentary, but any additional is a 1.00-something charge! stupid! Our waiter just left us and we had to ask for them to take our order and a different waitress took over our table. We did the all you can eat tacos. The soft shell tacos were about a 3"X3" tiny circle with a couple pieces of meat on it with some cilantro, tomatoes and onion. But then the hard shell was full size. weird. Soft shells tasted funny to me. It said it comes with rice and beans... not refried beans like usual... but basically baked beans.. and a runny juice with chunks of "mystery meat." I won't be back...
I love this place!  They're chips and salsa are great as are the margaritas. Usually I don't like margaritas unless I make them, but this place is the one exception to that rule! They have a varied menu that is sure to make everyone at your table happy, no matter what their tastes dictate. They've got the traditional tacos, burritos and chili rellenos.  They've also got lighter fare like grilled shrimp. The rice and beans are excellent. You can get a lot of food for minimal money, especially if you get a sampler plate. Sometimes service is slow, but that's the only thing I would like them to change.
Very good food.  Service was great.  Only down side was we were right next to a bus boy station.
Good food. Fajita was excellent. Friendly service.
Excellent atmosphere, great prices, and great staff.
Great specials!  2fer margaritas....HUGE!  My boyfriend lives at this place!  Love the green salsa.  They won't give it to you unless you ask for it......ASK FOR IT!  My fave is the Three Amigos, enought for dinner....and lunch the next day.  Yummy.
Average fare.  Don't go out of your way for this one.
Best Mexican ever. Very loyal customer 4 many many years. Have taken many friends over the years, never disappoints. Everyone loves it. U get 3 different salsas with your chips all wonderfully fresh & delicious. Shredded chicken tacos are to die for. Tacos Dorados. Made fresh to order shells are fried up complete with toothpick hole. Everything is good. Flour tortias are not fresh like don Pablo's but who cares when the food is this good. Service is brilliant. We don't even need to order any more our wonderful waitress remembers our usual it's as easy as nodding our head & lunch is served so quick. New location also has full liquor license. What more do you need. Perfect!
This is one of my favorite places to eat ever.  Hungover?  Nothing solves that like delicious huevos rancheros.  You can tell it's made with love.  Add some hot sauce to combine with  the runny yoke and warm tortilla, well it's a slice of heaven, my friend.  What about dinner you say?  Not to worry.  They have that covered.  Whether it's all you can eat tacos or carnitas with rice and beans, it's amazing authentic Mexican food.  Did I mention the 2 for 1 Margaritas?  The service is always good no matter the time of day or who is serving you.  It's a mom and pop place that makes you happy when they are busy because you would be very very sad if they weren't around.
Less than average.
Omg! I love this spot. We did father's day here and it was yummy.  I love the $10 special, it's on the first page of menu. It's all you can eat tacos, or a pick of 4 items listed on that page. I usually get the 2 tacos, chimichanga and enchilada....I can never finish and end up taking it home. The chips are good too! I like them better than the chips from Chili's or from a bag.   My son is a picky eater and they always make his tacos or burritos just the way he wants. The staff is nice and anytime we want to amend an item in the menu they always do.   :)
I don't know what all the hype is about. Not impressed at all. First, our server who was also the manager abandoned us, we were the first table too, not like we were all the way in the corner or anything. Had to ask another server to  come help us, not a good start. When we finally did get our all you can eat tacos...eeehhh, just ok. The soft ones are teeny tiny and the crispy ones are ok...plus you have to ask for cheese, seriously?!?!?! All tacos should come with cheese automatically.  And the beans they serve with this special, eeehhh, just ok. No real flavor, just some beans in some juice with some pieces of what I believe to be pork. For Orange City, this might be amazing, but for the rest of Orlando, it's not all that. So yeah, I probably won't be going back. There are other places that I would like to try. But if you don't care what you get for $6.95,then this is the place for you. :)   oh, their chips and salsa were the best thing about it, BUT!!!! First round is complimentary, after that it's $1.95 for chip refills....LAME!
After searching on Yelp, we decided on Mi Tierra. We were not disappointed! When we arrived they were not busy, and we were seated and attended to immediately. Chips, salsa, and delicious pico de gallo provided- we added guac. All delicious. The food was fresh and came in good time. We were visited by the manager (?) Felipe and our server was attentive. The seats had filled up by the time we left- would definitely visit again! Also 2 for 1 margaritas!
Love this place. This was the fourth time we've visited and it's consistent. Great, fast, friendly service. Always wonderful food- we ordered the Mi Tierra fajitas for one and the medium Mi Tierra burrito: we ordered the smaller sizes and the portions were VERY generous. My husband enjoyed the two for one Coronas.  We have two kids under three- they were delighted with the cool colorful surroundings, lots of decorative eye candy to distract the kids.  My son loved his kids meal literally eating everything off the plate. The queso fundido was my personal favorite. We will definitely go again.
We ended up here on a whim and a good rating on Yelp.  I noticed the colorful building from the road and the large outdoor patio.  I always choose al fresco dining if I have the choice.  Though it is off a busy road, choosing a table on the side blocks much of the traffic noise and makes it comfy.  The other reason for this choosing today was we had a furry friend in tow, and they gladly let us join in a bite with our friend. First, I was impressed to receive both fresh pico de gallo and salsa with the chips as we were seated!  Oh so tasty and definitely thankful as we were ravished. Great drink specials on the day we visited, and it was a Sunday.  Two for one drafts and Two for one margs.  We opted for the beer on this day.  Great deal! I chose the Carne Asada Burrito wet!  This thing was huge!  All very good, I enjoyed it. My friend chose the taco salad.  It was adequate.  She prefers what she calls a fajita salad, and sometimes it doesn't translate well at Mexican restaurants.  It's just the sides that come with the fajitas.  Anyhow, we can't mark them down for that since it is an unusual request in some cases.  We should order them as fajitas hold the meat and tortilla :) We'll be back!  Enjoyed it and liked the fun decor!  Comfortable patio.
I gave this place a shot last Friday night and was pretty disappointed, the room was tile so the noise was extremely loud, my server could barely hear us and talking to my wife across the table was impossible. It took 3 requests to get water, the queso was ok, guacamole was good and the chips seemed fake. They had the QVC channel on 2/3 of the tv's, which was pretty odd and annoying. Margaritas were not great, heavy on the mix. The food was good but nothing to rave about, overall not a great experience.
Best Mexican food in town!! I'm from California and have high standards when it comes to Mexican food and this is the best in the area. Great service! Love them :)
The last few times we have gone here the service has been terrible. Too bad, because the the food is pretty good and that is why we keep going back hoping they get better. Wrong! I guess when wanting Mexican in Orange City we will just stick with La Hacienda which is right across the street from this place. The food is just as good and a lot better service.
