Pretty good selection of deli meets and cheeses... And some nice beer too...
Get the deli sandwiches they are all great!!! Especially the American in paris and the chicken salad sandwich.. Their beer brat on a pretzel roll with saurcraout is great! Tons of traditional German food cold cuts and candy and beer great to make at home stuff!
Hey, I give it five stars just for the aroma that greets you as you open the door and enter the deli! This is the first time I have been to Magnolia Square Market. Walking around the shops on First Street, I decided to walk around the courtyard on Magnolia and came across this market and deli. And I am so happy that I entered! Another reason I give this five stars is that I found some Hungarian hot paprika that I have had trouble finding in the Orlando area. Pride of Szeged is the brand, and they make a mild paprika as well. I also picked up a jar of Lowensef Medium mustard, a brand from Germany. Both costs me $9.28. Pricey, but it will last me awhile. And like I said, I have had trouble finding Szeged. Magnolia Square Market has the best selection of deli meats, cheese, and sausages that I have seen in a long time. They also feature fresh baked goods and desserts. For groceries, they sell many products imported from Germany and other countries neighboring Germany. If there is something you are looking for to make a European style dish that your grandmother Helga used to make, then you should be able to find it here. There are canned vegetables, packaged noodles, spaetzle (dumplings), jellies, candies, seasonings, and probably the best selection of German beer you can find in central Florida. MSM also has a great selection of German wines and beverages, such as bottled water and sodas. Magnolia Square Market is owned and operated by the people who run Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe on First Street in Sanford. Hands down one of the better restaurants in central Florida. It has been ages since I have dined at Hollerbach's, and unfortunately I did not try a sandwich from Magnolia Market Square upon my visit. But I think another trip to Sanford can be arranged in the near future! Magnolia Market Square is open seven days a week, and their phone number is 407 878-4942. Or check them out online, willowtreecafe.com. And remind me to bring a big cooler the next time I am here. I want to stock up the refrigerator so I can have that deli aroma at home!
Absolutely love this place. Chicken Salad on a croissant is yummy. Stuffed Cabbage when available in the frozen section....AWESOME. Goulash in the Frozen section is to die for if you are lucky enough to get some. Staff very friendly....go early because it gets busy. And while there you must get the Black Forest Cake ....you will find out why...it's GREAT
This is a quaint German deli/market in downtown. Everything German is here. If you're not in the mood for deli meats, then you must try their desserts. Don't like desserts? They have a complete selection of German wines and beer. Still not sure what to get? There is every German product under the sun in the market to prepare yourself. Canned, in jars, boxes, etc. Even some German frozen foods. If you can't find it here, then you can't find it else where in Sanford. Very pleasent staff also. Enjoy!
Since opening a few months ago the shelves have really begun to fill up with a nice selection of German specialty goods, including many gluten free options. There's a very small selection of fresh veggies in the cooler and a sign on the wall lists what else is available - just ask and they'll grab it from the restaurant for you. The deli case has been getting more organized as of late and features a good selection of European lunch meats and cheeses. Somewhat of a surprise is the collection of salami, cured hams and bologna. You can find Italian salami and such at any grocery store but have you ever seen Dutch or German versions? The deli also offers some great sandwiches. I would suggest The Alpiner on a pretzel roll with sweet mustard. Pair it with a dessert (or two) from the small but impressive bakery case. A highlight are the rum balls: gooey rum-soaked brownie-like filling with a hard chocolate shell. They also offer a raspberry version, though the raspberry syrup tends to overpower the fudge, I think. As other reviews have mentioned, there's a small but improving beer and wine collection and even brewing supplies, including bulk grains.
If you think German market means Aldi, you need to stop by Magnolia Square Market. Knowledgeable staff, a nice selection of imported meats, cheeses, and dry goods, and an entire room dedicated to beer and home brew supplies. The prices are a little high, but it is a well-stocked specialty mart, so you kind of expect it. I look forward to returning when I'm hungry sometime to try their sandwiches.
For over a year now I've been waiting (not patiently) for this German Deli to open.  Having spent the majority of my childhood and part of my adulthood in Germany, I found myself craving the hearty breads, spicy mustards, and decadent baked goods I grew up with. When I finally saw the announcement of the opening of Magnolia Square, I wasted no time in going and it was sooo worth the $2 in tolls it took for me to get there! The market itself is small, and they are still stocking the shelves (most of which are bare) but what is there is phenomenal.  The first place I hit up when I entered was the Beer/Wine section.  Here they have many of the Beers that Hollerbach's boast on their menu....Erdinger, Tucher Kristall, Weihenstephaner Korbinian, I could go on.  The bottles are large and the price is quite reasonal ($2.50 to $3.50).  And if you are really wanting a german experience you can buy the matching pilsner glass. There were traditional items like mixes for potato pancakes or dumplings, seasonings, spatzle, etc, but it was the deli case calling my name.  I have a weakness for Schinkenwurst and unfortunately have not been able to find it in Florida...until now!  They had the ham bologna that I loved, the farmers bread to put it on and even the creamy butterkase.  Wurst of all kinds, cucumer salad, everything that makes a great lunch.   For around $20 I purchased 2 beers, 1/4 lb lunchmeat, a loaf of Farmers Bread, a rum ball (my splurge item) and some of the best liverwurst ever.   Today I went back (a week later) and they have gotten more stock including some candies, added truffles to their baked goods, and homemade Bavarian Soft Pretzels (with and without salt)! It's definitely a diamond in the rough but I'm so looking forward to help cut and polish this little bit of Germany in downtown Sanford!
Can I give more than Five Stars because this place is that good! This is a little German deli that is tucked away in downtown Sanford. I'm 99% sure it is affiliated with the Willow Tree, which makes sense because that place is fabulous too! They have a large assortment of deli meats such as homemade sausages, liverwurst and braunschweiger. There are also all kinds of tasty homemade deserts you can buy. There is a large assortment of European dry-goods products such as spices, condiments and chocolate. If you want to grab a quick bite to eat there are a couple of tables outside. You can grab a delicious sandwich and even wash it down with a bottled beer. They have a whole room of home brewing equipment too--kind of random but definitely fun. I don't live very close to Sanford but I make special trips down just to shop here. If that's not the mark of a good spot then I don't know what is!
What a hidden jem! This is the perfect local market and I plan on supporting it every time I'm in downtown Sanford. After grabbing lunch at Hollerbach's Willow Tree Cafe, our waitress recommended we take a walk over to Magnolia Square Market and we are so glad we did! She let us know that all the desserts at Willow Tree Cafe are made at Magnolia Square Market if we wanted to walk around before grabbing a dessert. The location is slightly off 1st street and in the little square where the fountain is. Trust me, you can't miss the fountain. This sister store to Willow Tree was fabulous. Upon entering, the left side is mostly German beer/wine while the right part of the store is chocolates, groceries, and a deli/bakery. There was a great selection of German beer for great prices too. The deli was hoppin! Sandwiches were pretty popular and this would be a great place to grab a bite to go. We opted for the chocolate cake balls (3 for $1.99) They were soo good. I would drive up to Sanford from Orlando for just those balls. What a steal! The best part of this place was that everything was truly authentic and German. The girls working in the shop were very friendly and welcoming. Can't wait to visit again!
My wife and I visited downtown Sanford and stumbled upon this wonderful German deli.  The very helpful girl behind the deli counter recommended the roast beef sandwich, which is called the "American in Paris."  Don't worry about the name: the roast beef is awesome.  I found myself picking some of it off the sandwich and eating it on its own; it had that much flavor.   However, the sandwich had just the right amount of horse radish, so as not to overwhelm the flavor of the roast beef, and was topped with havarti cheese, lettuce and tomato.   There are tables outside, so you don't have to eat on the run or in your car.  The deli is located right on a very pleasant square.
The sandwiches here are great. Homemade roasted pork and turkey. Lots of different bread made on the premises. They got this pretzel bread, yeah I said pretzel bread. Anyhow get a sandwich on that and take a nap later. The kaiser rolls are good too.  Super awesome beer selection, mostly German brands, no kidding, it's a German deli. They even have homemade strudel.  Prices are decent for sandwiches. Go now!
Stopped here after reading a few reviews online, while on my quest to prepare for an Oktoberfest party.  I ordered a sandwich with herb turkey cheese lettuce and tomato on a pretzel roll.  It was by far the best sandwich I have in YEARS.  I just ate the turkey  piece by piece out of the sandwich it was soo good. Service was great, selection of German products is great, and one of only places in the region I could find some Oktoberfest decorations and hats :).  I will be back.
HOLY SCHEIBE!  this place is fabulous.  Please read the other reviews for details.  additional details include a home-beer-brewers'  section in the market, and they will be holding brewing classes.  Konny is Market Manager and Gary is "The Fermented Scientist".  Authentic German meats and cheeses.  Thank you Jesus.
We drove from Orlando to eat at Willow Tree and it was closed (on Mondays). We found this little gem instead, looms like the same company though, and had a great lunch! The brat on pretzel bun / mustard and sauerkraut was great and only $5! They have a nice selection of German beers, desserts, sandwiches and international chips and snacks. We got some chocolate bars, sausage jerky and dessert to go (strudel and yellow cake w Bavarian cream and almonds).  We also bought some Polish honey dessert wine and the cashier gave us some plastic champagne flutes on the house and chocolate cookie samples! There aren't seats inside so we grabbed some tables outside under a patio umbrella. Friendly service, great food and a cute market.  Will be back again on our next trip to Orlando!!
Pure Deli. Purely delicious. Why would you get a sandwich anywhere else?
I frequent this deli in search of eclectic food items, German food, beer, wine, and to find gluten free food choices both pre-made and in the grocery section. The deli has a delicious selection of meats and cheeses to choose from where you can also "build your own sandwich."  They used to make these yummy pre-made salads in a bag that I loved but I guess I was the only one buying them because they don't have them anymore. *sad face* They aren't just a deli and bakery either because they have a grocery section too. Magnolia square market is owned by the same folks who own Hollerbach's Willow Tree Café around the corner so you know you will have quality selections to choose from. If you've never been there then it is certainly worth a little visit. Some of you are probably wondering why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 if I like it so much. The first reason is that I find their prices to be on the high side compared to other grocers and delis. I do pay it because their location is highly convenient for me since I live in downtown Sanford. Plus, I like to do everything I can to support our small family owned businesses in the area.  The other reason is because when I buy my deli items there they dry up really fast because they only wrap them in paper with no plastic. It could be an earth conscious choice on their part of which I respect. However if I'm going to pay good money for food items then I don't want them dried up before I can consume them. Now I just take it upon myself to put my deli items in plastic bags as soon as I get home.
My wife and I love to shop at this little market. Great place to buy beer. Picked up a case of Augustiner Brau for around $55. Also love the chocolate rum balls.
