Fantastic!  My first Vietnamese restaurant trip and I am so glad I went here. Favorite things... Appetizer sampler:  All delicious and freshly made, none of that premade frozen stuff here. Summer rolls:  Fresh, crunchy, and tasty, with delicious dipping sauce. Flan: Not too sweet, with a perfect thin caramel sauce on top. Vietnamese style iced coffee with condensed milk:  Brewed in its own mini coffee press at your table- do not miss out on this coffee! Will be going back to try the giant bowls of pho and to order something with roast pork in it, too. If you have not tried Vietnamese cuisine before, get over to Bambu and enjoy.  It's affordable, delicious, filling, and the service is wonderfully quick and polite.
Took me 6 times to go here to fully grasp this review. The place is quiet, great for a date, the restaurant  is super clean and newer.  The people who run it are super beyond friendly and remembers their customers. I gave it a four since it lacks more varieties I the food menu and the fact they tried to americanize the food a little. The pho is good especially for the area it's in but Orlando's pho88 makes better pho for the same price.   Their Vietnamese coffee is strong but not as strong as it should be.. The real main reason for the four star is that I noticed that their appetizers are not that great the only thing good is the fried rolls and the uncooked rolls with the peanut sauce.  Ask for fish sauce for ur fried rolls since they don't give it to you unless you ask.. Again I can't push the fact enough that they are the friendliest staff I have ever met! That's why I go back so much. I recommend this place hands down better then iNoodle in lake Mary, fl.
Food was 4 stars, Best summer roll and peanut sauce I've found outside downtown Orlando and I've tried it all over the country. I had the chicken and rice vermicelli with veggies. The veggies part was lacking but he food was great. I had just expected to have some veggies with the bowl. The noodles were placed on lettuce with a few shredded carrots.  Chicken was very flavorful! I will be back for sure! Customer service could be improved on. They aren't very organized from a wait staff perspective and I often waited several minutes to get my drink refilled. Very nice people though and hopefully will improve.
One of my favorites.  I like to eat here once a week if I can fit it in my schedule :)  Love that it is family run, food is simple and excellent!  Clean and friendly environment.  A must to eat at!
The food was fresh and aesthetically pleasing. We had summer rolls, #22, #25 with side of chicken broth.  Restauraunt owner Vince and staff was very good. Intimate setting and great with kids. We had 5 between ages of 4-11 and 6 adults. We purchased wine next door "Tim's" and paid reasonable corkage fee. We definitely had a great time and will be back soon!
Great food and amazing service.  My wife and  split the app sampler that was good.  We also split the beef pho, and pork and spring roll vermicelli.  The fish sauce with vermicelli was amazing.  I also had vietnamese coffee, where has that been my entire life?
My wife loves Pho, we finally tried it here and I'm glad to say it was excellent. The appetizers were tasty as all as the pho. I had a pork and rice dish which was superb. The prices are very reasonable. We will be back!
As others have said, it's great to have a quality Viet place here on the north side of town.  The menu is limited from what most in the Mills50 area offer, but the quality is high. My wife has been about twice a week since they opened, so she would give it 5 stars.
Love Pho?  You've got to try Bambu.  Super-friendly staff....great appetizers and entrees. (Try the Vietnamese Pancake - ridiculous!) Everything has been great and they will customize to please.  Vietnamese coffee!  Weekend specials.  Try it, Try it, Try it!
My brother and I are convinced there is a Vietnamese grandma in Bambu's kitchen. We came here for dinner one weeknight, out on a limb because the last pho place we tried was a total let down (sorry iPho...), so we were understandably weary when we arrived. The Vietnamese beer was super smooth and tasty so we ended up having two each. Good sign. We had one order of summer rolls and one order of spring rolls. The peanut sauce for the summer rolls was quite delicious, very peanut-y and not too sweet. Unlike most places, they serve a chili-spiked duck sauce with the spring rolls instead of fish sauce. I thought I wouldn't like it (call me old fashioned) but boy was I wrong. The spicy duck sauce gave just enough kick to keep things interesting. Next was the ultimate test. My first thought when the pho arrived at our table was that the bowls were smaller than some other places. I put in the usual fixings (sriracha, hoison, and lime) and gave it a good stir. After my first sip I didn't care that the bowl was small; it was SO DELICIOUS and packed with flavor! Actually the portion size was perfect. My brother and I both drank every last drop and were stuffed by the end. I am so happy we found this place. We actually came back the next day for lunch because we were so impressed with the food. I fought the urge to get pho again and instead tried the bun cha gio (rice vermicelli with grilled pork/spring roll and fish sauce) which was just as amazing. The grilled pork was probably the tastiest I have ever had in this dish. We also had cafe su da (Vietnamese coffee) over ice and it was divine. The interior is cozy and relaxing and the owners are oh so friendly. Bambu definitely has my business! I've already told multiple pho-natics about this place and declared it the best pho in Orlando. Go ahead, see for yourself.
This place is a lovely little diamond of a restaurant! The owner and his staff are so personable and very eager to please. I am really happy to find a Vietnamese place this far outside Orlando! We started with two orders of summer rolls, which were delicious. The peanut sauce is home made! Plus, I don't eat shrimp so for mine I asked for tofu instead. They happily complied! For our drinks we had hot jasmine tea and a Saigon beer. We also got the "pancake/crepe" appetizer thing that I cannot remember the name of. It's made with coconut milk and we substituted the pork out for tofu. You wrap the whole thing in lettuce and place as much basil as you like in there. It's good. Really enjoyed it. Might just have this as my meal next time. For my meal I picked the cheapest vermicelli option and had them give me tofu as the "meat". It was good. Fresh, fast, really great. The fiancée had shrimp vermicelli which he couldn't stop slurping - he's not very polite but I love him anyway. We were too full for dessert but the red bean ting looked neat. Next time! I'd really recommend coming to this place. The management is so nice and friendly, the owner and the chef both came to talk to us to ask how everything was. Really friendly, welcoming bunch!
What a find among Orlando's wall-to-wall chain restaurants. The summer rolls (sometimes called spring rolls in other Vietnamese restaurants, but referring to the vermicelli wrapped in rice paper, sometimes with shrimp, and NOT fried!) with two shrimp and good peanut sauce were a fine way to start. I'm a sucker for a bowl of vermicelli with pork or chicken and vegetables. I add sriracha ("Red Rooster"!) and fish sauce, then gobble it down while dotting my shirt with red spots. Bambu's pork rates quite high - good quality and tasty. A special shoutout to the service. The three generations who served me warmed my heart with their sweet attention. Any time I'm back in the area I will definitely be back.
I rarely take the time to actually write anything on yelp.  Im lazy.  However.. I feel this place deserves my attention and my comments.  Me and my partner walked into this place, I was a little skeptical at first.  We both ordered some Pho, and instantly fell in love.  It was DELISH!  We have gone back twice since then...  I wish they had a few more options on their menu, but I can understand as a new business to keep it simple. If you are looking for a place to try.. PLEASE TRY HERE!!  It was worth it!
I love this place. It is as good as anything on Colonial Dr. but is around the corner from my house. The only entrée I have had is Pho. I tried the sampler appetizer tonight. It was small but well fried and tasty.
Thanks to my Yelp buddies, I found this new Vietnamese restaurant in Sanford! I was so excited because I had to drive all the way down to Colonial to get Viet food. Came in on a Tuesday, they were super busy, looks like word is getting around. Was sat right away with menus. The menu has a lot of great varieties and offering. I ordered the Bun Thit Nuong and my hubby got the Banh Xeo. Both came out great and tasted even greater! They just opened a few days ago and they are short handed so I understand they are getting their feet wet with a new restaurant but give this place time to get things dialed in and it will be a HIT! So Happy!!!
Nice restaurant n conveniently located near I4. The staff was very attentive. We never waited long for the food or any refills.  Nice size portions and very flavorful.  I will be back. It nice to find this quality without driving to Colonial Dr.
Bambu is a wonderful restaurant. The restaurant is extremely clean with a lovely ambiance. The staff is so kind and personable. We had the spring rolls, pho and chicken vermicelli and it all tasted amazing. The food had wonderful flavor and everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. I'm so glad this place is in the area as I plan on taking many trips here in the future!
Trying the number 8 this time and Angie is having number 20... Will add to the review after we eat!
We need more little places like this in the area.  The service was excellent and the food was superb.  Will be back soon!   Cracked iPhone or iPad? Call (407) 583-4348.
My first time here, and it was a great experience. The lighting and atmosphere was very inviting. As soon as I walk through the door I noticed the whole place was clean, and smelled delicious. We ordered summer roll for appetizer, I got number 15, rice noodle with rare eye round steak, tripe and tendens. My husband got number 26, sugarcane shrimp with grilled pork served on a bed of vermicelli noodles. needless to say everything was cooked to perfection. this place is every bit as good as the restaurants on colonial. I personally would give bambu a higher rating on the bases of cleanliness. If I really have to nitpick, in the garnish herb plate that came with my pho, they used lemon, I think lime would work better with the pho broth.
Tried Bambu again today, they have upped their game and this place is wonderful! Great service and the food is excellent. Had a rice vermicelli bowl with BBQ pork and a spring roll. It was so good and loaded with meat. Love this place and so happy it's close by.
I've heard mixed reviews, and now I understand why. This was my first visit there so I will give it another try. Our service wasn't so hot. The server took our order and then we never saw her again. We had to track someone down every time we needed something. The summer rolls were ok. Kind of chewy and dry. My main dish was once again ok. I didn't like that my shrimp came out with the shell on them in my food. I had to peel them and for some reason there were only two. I did eat it all so it wasn't terrible or anything, but not amazing. I've been going to the same place in downtown Orlando for many years, so this place has big shoes to fill. Being fairly new, it takes time to work out the kinks. I will give it another shot but I wasn't overly impressed. I could see that the owner was happy with his new establishment and I totally understand and appreciate that. I hope they read their reviews so they can make vital improvements in order to keep their doors open permanently. I will go back in the future to give it another shot. Overall, it was ok but I wasn't in love with the food or the service.
Awesome food and very helpful and friendly service.  This was my first time trying Vietnamese food and they guided me through it.  I had the Pho beef soup and the fried wontons. Both were delicious and very fresh. I will be a regular here.
I ate summers rolls from here yesterday, yummy! Today my partner and I stopped in for lunch. He had Com bi cha suon nuong(#31), I had Com chein ga(#34), and we had the Bambu sampler, everything was great! We will be back and it's only 1.4 miles from our neighborhood! I highly recommend this place!!
This place was awesome ! The service was very nice and extremely polite... I'm from San Diego CA where there are pho places everywhere, most of which I've been to and flavor wise this place may be the very best tasting pho I've eve had ! ... No joke .... The only negatives is that they were out of a few things, the menu was a little small and the service was slightly slow.... They were super busy however and there was only two people there to help so they did a great job all in all, just don't be in a hurry :-)
Two Dishes: Pho Dac Biet This is exactly what Vietnamese Pho suppose to taste like, close to my mother's pho. The broth was amazing! You can taste and smell the star anise, cinnamon. I'm writing this as I am eating it right now. This is how good the pho is. Bun Thit Nuong. The meat was grill just right, very flavorful! Customer Service = Superb! Overall: I'm coming back :)
Excellent delicious food and service! We tried a little bit of everything on the menu, as I was with a big group. And it was mind blowing!!!! I love their Vietnamese beer- not too heavy and pairs perfectly with all foods. Service was prompt. Soups were nice and hot! Excellent time. Family owned company with spectacular food choices!
Food was great. Loved the spring and summer rolls. #10 Pho was delicious, will definitely be back! They were a bit short staffed, however the owner was so personable and followed up with us multiple times so we didn't mind.
I'm glad Bambu is here.  It definitely fills a cultural void.  It is small, clean and cozy.  Staff and owners are are very welcoming. We had pork summer rolls and Pho. Both were good.  Not the best I've had but good enough.  I hope the community supports them so they will be around for a long time.
My partner and I use to go down to colonial for Vietnamese food and we live up here in lake Mary. Now when we have a craving for Vietnamese food we only have to drive 10 min instead of 30 min. And the service was good but we had to remind the waitress to refill our drinks and when she did come back, our sweet tea was so sweet I thought I was going to be diabetic but she changed it out for us and apologized. The food was great and quick.
Food was ok... Nothing special as compared to others in  Orlando.  Service was good and friendly!
Great Vet Food! Had the summer rolls and a beef soup. They were very good. My partner had the Rice Vermicelli with fried pork that was delicious ! The service was great and very personal. Will be a favorate
Just went here for our first time and are leaving very happy!! They have great pho which means no more driving to downtown Orlando for us! We each tried a different mix and all were happy! The food was delicious and the employees very friendly! Well definitely return! (hopefully soon!)
The beef pho broth is excellent - tastes homemade and almost as good as my mom's pho. I liked the pho broth here more than the other Vietnamese restaurants I have been to in downtown Orlando - Pho Vinh, Pho 88, Vietnam Cuisine, Anh Hong, and Little Saigon. The restaurant is also very clean. I will be back when I'm in this area to try the other dishes. This family-run restaurant has only been open for three months and I'm glad that there is finally a Vietnamese restaurant close to Lake Mary and Sanford areas.
My husband and I were delighted to discover Bambu Vietnamese Restaurant the other evening.  We were ushered into a lovely space with light oak finishings and tile floors.  The food was amazing...very fresh and tasty.  Our rice vermicelli dish was delicious and loaded with wonderful pieces of grilled pork and spring rolls.  We were surprised to be given individual espresso makers for our Vietnamese style iced coffee with sweet condensed milk.  Prices were very fair and the service was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  All in all, a wonderful find in an area mostly without Vietnamese cuisine.
Great, fresh food and an awesome atmosphere. Prices are decent, staff is friendly. Bambu is closed Sundays instead of Mondays like many other Vietnamese restaurants around Orlando.
Just had lunch here and the food and service was outstanding. Every bit as good as the restaurants on Colonial Drive. Summer rolls were very good as was the vermicelli bowl with pork and spring roll. Very reasonably priced. A new favorite in Lake Mary area!
Excellent Vietnamese food! Pho was great. Service was excellent, very attentive and helpful. Restaurant is very clean. So happy to have a Vietnamese restaurant in area so that I don't have to drive to Colonial for my Pho fix. Highly recommend!
The food here is outstanding! It's tasty, fresh, healthy and portions are spot on. The flavor of the food needs no additional flavor as the condiment this restaurant provides are paired perfectly with your food choice.  Last, but not least, the staff is friendly, humble, kind and very courteous. In essence, this is a place you should consider when considering a good home cooked Vietnamese adequately price meal!!!! I am looking forward to my next meal!!!!
Great find outside of downtown Orlando! Easier to get to, less traffic and what matters most- no sacrificing any of the quality! The dumplings and spring rolls are amazing!
Finally, good Vietnamese food nearby!  Try the Vietnamese pancake for something a little different.  Good food, good service, and good prices - recommended!
Having eaten here several times it has quickly become a weekly staple. The service is top notch and the food never fails to impress.
Food may be good but walked out after staff seated other patrons that arrived after us.  Upon entering lady at counter told us she was busy would be with us in a few.  Ok understand that but when others were moved to front that was enough for me.  Will return to mills /50 for my pho.
I am a picker eater but I have to say the Pho at this restaurant is pretty good. I also like their service and the fact that the owner came out to greet us. Love the food, the people and the environment. I will definitely come back again whenever I am in Sanford, Fl.
Great pho, and the Bun Xiao is always delicious!  The staff is attentive and we always receive great service. This is definitely a great find...
Worst Vietnamese restaurant I ever been to in Florida, they pay more attention to Caucasian. The food is not authentic Vietnamese food, it's more towards American taste. Also they didnt even bother to refill my drink, until it was time for me to go, what kind of service is that? If you want authentic Vietnamese food go to downtown Orlando, don't waste your money on garbage!
I wanted to love this place. We love Vietnamese food and were so happy to have this place open in Sanford, rather than have to drive to ViMi. Sadly, we went tonight and it was awful. After being seated, we waited at least 15 minutes before we finally flagged down the server and asked for drinks. We got them, and then it was another 15 minutes before she finally took our order. We had a small child  under 2 with us and she was getting antsy. We order summer rolls for an appetizer, and our entrees at the same time. My husband and Mom received their summer rolls, and while I waited for mine, they were served their entrees. Meanwhile I sat there with nothing to eat or drink (having asked three times for a refill). A man who I presume is the owner came over and I asked him for my food. He totaly shrugged it off and said, "It's been crazy tonight." Nobody ever apologized or showed any sense of urgency to at least refill my drink. Finally I got my appetizer and entree at the same time. The food was below average, I didn't like it. Long after the plates sat finished, we were still ignored. My husband had to go hunt down the owner to pay our bill. Despite the obviously horrible experience, he didn't say one word, just processed our payment. I've never felt more unwelcome. Stay away!
The Pho is yummy. I'm happy it's nearby and I don't have to drive to Colonial anymore. I don't like that it doesn't open until 5 for supper.
Had lunch here today. Started with the Summer rolls. The homemade Hoisan sauce was a nauseating beige color and boring. Next came an extra large bowl of chicken noodle soup, my standard fare at Vietnamese restaurants. This was about the worst I have ever had. Quite literally it tasted like foul dishwater. Very little salt and no fish or soy sauce at the table to fix it. I asked for fish sauce and received a small bowl of yellow liquid. What!! A good dose of Seeracha hot sauce couldn't even help. The veggie plate to mix with the soup was paltry with a small pile of old bean sprouts and one, I repeat one, paper thin slice of fresh jalapeno. And the extra large bowl was actually smaller than a regular bowl at other establishments.  The only high point was the fresh limeonade (yes lime and it was excellent). To top it off the service was slow and inexperienced. Scratch this place off my list. Little Saigon and Pho 88 downtown are light years better than this poor excuse for a Vietnamese eatery.
Very good family owned vietnamese Restuarant. I've been there twice the first week.  The grilled Pork bun is awesome.  I enjoyed the summer rolls as well.  I will go back fur sure very clean and friendly environment. try number 25
We enjoyed Bambu - both my husband and I ordered the Pho.  The meat balls were a little "mystery meat" ish to me.  I wish there were multiple types of Pho - you know shrimp, chicken and shrimp combos, but maybe that's not authentic.  I don't know.  The service was excellent and the owner is very friendly and personable.  We will go again!
I've been a pho lover for over 10 years and will drive the 25 miles to O-town just for my weekly fix at the few spots that serve the real thing. Over the years, a few places have sprouted up between Sanford and downtown, but regretfully, none have ever been that good. Now finally, I am happy to report, Bambu IS the real deal. Keep in mind, most of the well known downtown restaurants use the North Vietnamese style of pho (thin, clear soup), while Bambu is South Vietnamese (richer, brothier soup). Having said that, I can say officially that Bambu's pho is authentic and absolutely delicious and flavorful. Just the right balance of spice, flavor and richness make it mouth wateringly good. Also, the tai (beef) is more tasty than other places I've eaten, and the bo vien (meatballs) are the best I've had yet. An added bonus: these guys don't use MSG at all - and for someone who is sensitive, you will definitely note the difference. Finally, the staff are super friendly and make you feel like you're in their own kitchen. Try it. You will not regret it.
The food and the service are both amazing. I went with my family and we all ordered different menu items to see which we would like the best. We all ended up enjoying everything. I personally had  Banh xeo the shrimp and meat were perfectly cooked inside the flour crepe. However the highlight of the meal for me was my Vietnamese Style ice coffee. It was drip brewed right in front of me at the table, it was a cup of coffee made fresh just for me.
