We came on what turned out to be "Ladies Night" (Wednesday 5-9; 3 free drinks with entree purchase) so they were hoppin'. Best burger in the area so far this trip. Servers were lovely- pleasant, suggestions a'plenty, though the service was slow. Attributable to the busy night which wasn't their fault. Burger: Awesome Shrimp-N-Grits: okay. Being from the true south I am a connoisseur. These were okay. The atmosphere: pleasantly upscale Noise level: "What?!?- I can't hear you! Speak up!" This was a very nice treat after doing the more casual joints around Stetson. Check them out- you will be glad you did.
Service: Average Environment: Clean with artsy decorations on the walls. Loved the band playing outside. Food: For the most part tasted very good. Some dishes were average but most of them I found very enjoyable. They also seem to change their menu often so you'll never grow bored with the food. Pork Moutard: It was alright. It could've been marinated a little better. I enjoyed the mashed potato but it may have had a bit too much butter mixed in. Chicken Oscar: LOVED THIS DISH! The sweet and tangy sauce really made the dish and the side dishes were paired well. House Salad with Raspberry Walnut Dressing: Salad contents were pretty much the same as most other house salads from other places but what made it fantastic was the dressing. Light and refreshing taste with a punch of raspberry and nutty taste. Pasta de la Mare: I loved this dish because while flavorful it was still light without being overly fishy and the balance with the pasta was just right. Genuine Shrimp and Grits: Tastes good but there was nothing special or unique about it. Garlic Chicken: Someone else at my table ate this and found it to be very delicious and well marinated. Sweet Potato Fries: This mixed with cinnamon tasted absolutely delicious. Best fries ever!
Sat outside for lunch. Wife and I shared Calle Ochoa pork sandwich on pretzel bun and Genuine Chop Salad. Both were delicious and service was good with friendly server. We are not local but would come here again if in the area.
This place has become one of our regulars since moving to the area last year.  Food is consistently good with a nice variety on the menu and really good daily special entrees, appetizers and desserts. Service is friendly and most of the time has been very good. Full bar and decent wine and beer selection as well. Indoor or outdoor seating on the patio is available, the only negative is they allow smoking on the patio which usually drives us to the indoor smoke free area. Update: the owner informed me that they only allow smoking along the outside row of tables on the patio.  That helps, but if the breeze is blowing the wrong way, you're still going to be smelling smoke out there.
Great place. Nice quirky, eclectic interior, but I love the patio, all the plants, and the live music outside on certain days. They bought some patio space heaters this winter so now you can relax out there comfortably even in the cold. I always sit outside. I've been here a few times now - have tried the angel hair jardiniere, the LITERAL ice cream sandwich, a special that involved flounder, asparagus, and mashed potatoes in a pile and I can't remember the name. I've had their key lime pie as well, which was excellent. I've also tried some kind of salad there that had strawberries (summer salad?) and that was great too. Definitely try the sweet potato fries, they are awesome! Since I'm a pescetarian it can be difficult to find a meal I can eat, and sometimes I ask for substitutions or slight changes. At some places it has been a problem, but not here! The chef and staff seem to be very accommodating. Unrelated thought: I wonder if I could have a cutting or three of some of their great plants next time I go. Ill have to ask the owners. :)
It was OK.  I was expecting something entirely different.   It was an eclectic, slightly odd mix of decor with a little something from each decade.  Yet, it was clean and well maintained.  I have to ask, WHAT is the thing (artwork??) hanging on the wall?  I can tell you what immediately came to our minds is hopefully not what they were going for... We tried the carrot ginger soup, which was the best part of our meal.  My salad came out with the wrong dressing.  When we mentioned it, the waitress blamed the kitchen, rather than apologizing and offering to correct it.  Yet, on the bill it clearly showed that she entered the wrong dressing.   Anywho...I ordered steak special, peppered strip steak with brandy sauce with mashed potatoes.  It really was pieces of steak swimming in a gravy sauce.  It wasn't bad, but I was never offered a steak knife, which really was warranted.  I was underwhelmed and disappointed.  My husband had a salmon dish, which her was happy enough with, but felt the portion was somewhat small.   We opted to pass on desserts.
"Nothing is better than simple perfection." A quote from Tommy who I am to assume is the chef/owner of Genuine Bistro.   What's more simple than nachos? Quality chips, a nice flavored protein (in this case the slow roasted pork with "lime and cilantro", red onions, black beans, and sour cream.  One problem, it wasn't nachos.. The toppings came in a bowl layered on top a mound of basmati rice filler.  Trying to dig pulled pork out of a bowl with a chip is like shoveling hay, it just can't work.  It isn't designed to work that way.  We emptied the bowl onto our fifteen or so chips about one third of which were stale. The waitress commented that she's never seen anyone do that before.. Really? Make nachos by putting the ingredients on top of a bed of tortilla chips, what a visionary I am! I ordered the Calle Ocho; a sandwich named and designed apparently to pay homage to rustic Cuban cuisine. The flavors were ok, but there wasn't any contrast in flavor or texture. caramelized onions are not really necessary, the pork is sweet enough without them, add some contrasting flavor and texture my dicing some red onion and tossing it with some lime juice and cilantro.  Get rid of the Italian provolone boring plastic cheese and replace it with some queso fresco, something with real flavor and texture.  As for the bread, why not just put it on your baguette? The pretzel is a little 'trendy' without actually being good. Even though I wasn't impressed I wasn't particularly disappointed either. I would like to see either lower prices or fresher food.  Many of the things I had were obviously pre-frozen or pre-cooked.  The pulled pork I understand, but I would like to see some fresh cut french fries, they're cheaper than the 55gal drum of potato chips and if you do it well your place could be known for it.  I would like to say to Tommy, there is a such thing as being too creative.  Spend more effort finding higher quality fresh ingredients and don't try to be so lofty.  You are an independent business with a great location, you aren't constrained by corporate BS regulations, utilize this and make something truly special out of it.  Little details make all the difference.
Ok....so heres my take...1st time here, and I will go again. Today they were celebrating their 5 year anniversary in business. My neighbors band was playing there and we figured a good a time as any to try it. They had a limited menu along with a special bbq menu. We started with a Machango Salad with apples with mixed green lettuce and candied pecans. Very very good. Now we both had something from the special bbq menu. The pulled pork was good and I had a piece of smoked chicken also. The chicken was a bit tough though. I hear that the fish dishes there are great so we will go and try the fish next. I dont think bbq is a specialty there. Overall a nice place clean and friendly attentive staff. On a cooler night the patio would be nice as long as you are ok with smoking. We are not a big fan especially when enjoying a meal. I recommend trying this place as some of the plates I saw come out of the kitchen looked very nice.
Awesome awesome Chef and everything is just good quality ingredients and the flavors.... Nice. It's very clean and decorated with style. It has a classy feel and a full liquor bar. There a nice outdoor patio with tables and they have heaters for the winter. There's live music on friday. Classy mellow not too loud at all. Bathrooms are always clean. I go here when I want something delicious and local. Lunch here is good too. Perfect for a date or business lunch. And my favorite is the chicken frangelico.
I came for the tater tots, basically.  . .and then decided I would need something green to balance it out. So I decided on the Manchego salad with Arugula and balsamic walnuts.  Good choice!  The shaved cheese, along with the toasty nuts, the raisins, and apples was just a heavenly combination of flavors.  I was really surprised and excited to have this salad! The tater tots were somewhat spicy, and the dipping sauce rather interesting.  It was flavorful for sure, however left me somewhat thirsty. . .I think perhaps it was on the salty side. I love the Big G in the lobby area, and feel that maybe next time I can actually dine in.   Really great find in the DeBary area!
I really wanted to like this place more than I did. It wasn't a bad experience, not at all, but it's kind of one of those "meh" experiences where I don't feel like I'll rush back anytime soon. LOCATION: Seems pretty centrally located, if you live in the area. It's at a major intersection, which depending on which way you're coming may require a u-turn to get in. Overall though very easy to locate. ATMOSPHERE: It's kind of deceiving as you drive by, seems bigger than it is. Once I arrived I realized the outside seating area is actually larger than the inside. Inside, you'll find a small bar, and a very small dining room. Nothing too fancy, but clean and functional. The outside patio is actually quite nice. They've got ample fans running to fend off the heat, and plenty of cover and plants to provide ample shade even on the edges near the end of the roof. SERVICE: Here's an area I can't complain about, even a little. Our waitress was efficient, friendly, quick, competent and fast. The other waitstaff also stopped by to see if we needed anything. Someone I think was the owner stopped by to ask how everything was as well. Service was A+. They do a fine job. FOOD: Here's where things fell a bit flat for me. It seems the curse of being a vegetarian is the lack of creativity on the part of chefs or owners to accommodate us. Much like many other places, I was faced with few choices. Started with the "Zucchini Planks". I love me some friend zucchini, so my mouth was already salivating before they arrived. Sadly, they failed expectations. It seemed they cut rather large zucchini on the bias, so you had these potato-slice sized "planks" breaded and fried up. They seemed over-cooked, some of the edges to the point of burnt, and they tasted so. Also, the zucchini was just soggy. And the whole thing was greasy. There was no crunch left. Burnt breading, soggy zucchini. Fail. Posted a pic for your viewing pleasure. For my app, I had the usual vegetarians choice of a pasta with veggies dish "Angel Hair Jardiniere" or the "Garden Melt" sandwich. I opted for the sandwich. The menu claimed "vine ripened tomato, portabella mushroom, zucchini, bell pepper and onion" along with pesto mayo and provolone cheese melted on it. But what it HAD, was a few portabellas, broccoli, and lots of big chunks of carrots. It was just odd. Bland. Flavorless. Bleh. I don't expect every restaurant to cater to my vegetarianism, certainly not. But are there any cooks who take pride in what they serve? I've never worked professionally as a cook anywhere other than a Little Caeser's when I was a teen, and I could come up with something more creative. It's like these places spend 4 months designing a menu, and at the end say "Oh yeah, put pasta primavera on the menu for the weirdos". Who the hell puts giant chunks of carrot in a melted open face sandwich? CROWD: Wow. It was a weeknight, but I'm 42 and I was one of the youngest people in there by a few decades. Not exactly hopping on a weeknight. OVERALL: It's not like they have a tough market here. Debary and the surrounding area don't exactly have a lot of choices for higher quality dining. And I suspect that the other menu choices might be a better choice, but then again if you can't make the simplest of things and make it taste good, I don't know. The location is great, the outside seating is really nice, and the service is top notch. The food, however, left me wanting. I'd go there for a drink if I was in the area, but I don't think I'll be rushing back for dinner.
I have tried a lot of the dishes there and can honestly say that it all tastes amazing. The crispy chicken with mashed potatoes and fried asparagus and dipping sauce is my favorite dish. The ambiance is great and the floor managers are always around to ensure your meal is going great. Check it out!
Great food, great service fun atmosphere. I really enjoy the patio and the music is always nice.
I have to update my review from 4 stars to 5!   This place has become one of my favorite restaurants over the past year.   The service is generally quick and friendly and the food is the most amazing gem for a place like DeBary. Even the kids menu boasts FRESH delicious food, and the kids menus come in picture books to help entertain the young ones.   Prices are extremely reasonable and there are great happy hour and beer specials as well.
Weds is ladies night! Musician on the patio with great food, good service and great patio dining.  Free drafts, wells or house wine for ladies and $2 draft for the guys.  What a nice surprise!
Been here a couple times in the past year. Went on Sat. nite with family. Had the Fried Chicken Special. It was mostly coating and was very dry. I get a kick out of the nice square white plates that they serve you on with the table ware that looks like it came from the Dollar Store down the street. The menu here is limited and a bit of a mish mosh of types of entree's. Portions tend to be a bit small.
This is my new favorite restaurant. My wife and I drove by Genuine a few days ago and saw a lot of cars there. We had never noticed it before so we looked it up online and decded to give it a try. I'm glad we did.  We went on a Saturday night, and the restaurant was pretty full. There were two guys outside on the patio playing an acoustic set, so we opted to sit outside and listen. They were great! The service was friendly and attentive. We were greeted promptly when we walked in, despite the restaurant being packed. Our server came right over to our table and took our drink order. Genuine has a good selection of wine, and a full bar. Being a beer lover, I was happy to see Sierra Nevada and Orange Blossom Pilsner on the menu. Up to this point, I was pretty impressed. String outside on the patio (with plenty of fans to battle the July Florida heat), enjoying a good beer, and listening to two very talented musicians performing their rendition of Piano Man. Even if the food was mediocre, I still would have come back. But, as you can guess from my 5 star rating, the food was excellent! My wife and i split the artichoke artichoke dip for an appetizer. It was served with toasted pita wedges and was cheesy, creamy, and delicious. The only thing it could have come with is about 4 more people to help us finish it -- it was huge! For dinner, my wife had a nutty cheesy salad that was pretty tasty. I had the fish tacos. Best. Fish. Tacos. Ever. Usually fish tacos are in a soft flour tortilla and the fish is battered and fried in big chunks. While they can be very tasty, at some places they just end up greasy and soggy. At Genuine, the fish is chopped into smaller pieces and crisped up nicely, with some great seasoning on it. It is then put into a crunchy corn tortilla for some texture, and toped with creme fraiche, cilantro, onions, and tomatoes. So. Good. My wife took a piece of key lime pie home for dessert and I really enjoyed the bite that I had. The last thing I'll mention is that the prices are totally reasonable. Our entire meal, with 3 drinks, an appetizer, two entrees, and dessert, came out to just under $50. Like I said at the beginning: this is my new favorite place.
We went here for lunch and wanted to sit outside. We sat outside and ordered our drinks and a couple other tables were seated. The food was great. It was a nice day. Then two of the tables started smoking and it turned us off.
I am definitely going to try this place again. We went there to listen to music, after dinner with a friend, so we only tried the artichoke dip. It was flavorful, creamy and loaded with fat. It came with fried pita chips, so it was a very heavy snack. It was a beautiful evening, so we were outside. It is a great place to listen to music and I look forward to trying out more items on their menu.
Excellent meatloaf and the blue cheese stuffed martini is perfect
We were seated quickly, appetizer Atomic shrimp great flavors(too much breading) but still good. The steaks were Great! Tender & cook to the correct temp's we asked for! This was our first visit & will not be the last.
A nice surprise in little DeBary.   Fresh food, creative menu, nice happy hour.  Nothing like it in the area.  Delish!!!
I just moved from Orlando to Debary (if you know Debary, you know there's not much there), so I was glad to find a restaurant a couple miles down the road that was highly rated by fellow Yelpers.  The first thing I noticed about Genuine Bistro was the outside patio.  It had a really great vibe...lots of seating and pretty greenery that provided good shade.  I could picture myself sipping a cocktail out there on a sunny day.  The inside is on the smaller side, but very cute and clean.  There's a decent sized bar and about 10 to 12 tables.  Hubby and I were quickly greeted by the server and seated.  We were glad to discover that we arrived during happy hour: $1 off well drinks and house wine, and $1.50 for any draft beer.  The menu offers a good selection of salads, sandwiches, burgers and entrees.  Some items are little on the pricier side (over $15), but everything sounded really good.  We decided to split an appetizer and a sandwich.  For the app we got Roasted Pork Nachos (their "famous" slow-roasted pork, black beans and rice, tomato, red onion and cilantro, served with tortilla chips and sour cream).  It was kind of like a smaller sized burrito bowl from Chipotle with chips and sour cream on the side.  We both thought it was pretty good.  For the sandwich we went with the Genuine Calle Ocho (slow-roasted pork with lime, cilantro, caramelized onions and provolone cheese on a pretzel roll).   It was delicious!  Hubby and I both agreed we would come back just for that sandwich!  The service was also good...our waitress and what I think was the manager both checked on us often.  I can definitely see us becoming regulars here.  If you live around Debary or happen to be in the area, I would highly recommend Genuine Bistro.
Great patio atmosphere and wonderful food. I really loved the Atomic Shrimp appetizer. I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was loaded with meat. Overall very good and relaxed place. I would come back again. I love the mellow and hip vibe.
Not impressed with the food. The service was decent. The atmosphere and decor were very art deco and fun. I was very disappointented that our fish was dry and tasteless. Overcooked to say the least.  I got the fish tacos and my boyfriend got the special which was sea bass. I might go back to the bar for a drink, but I would never eat there again.
Great place! We have been here several times and never disappointed. Good happy hour"
My husband has celicac so he is gluten free and I am a vegetarian. This was our first visit to the restaurant. The waiter was friendly and wanting to help us make choices, but he didn't know alot about gluten free, so we asked if we could speak with the chef. He came out and said that he could make my husband a gluten free version of most items on the menu. My husband chose a chicken cordon bleu and he said it was fantastic. I chose a vegetable pasta dish that was unbelievable. We asked the chef to come out and profusely thanked him for catering to our needs. If you have special dietary needs, check out Genuine Bistro & Lounge because they are willing to please.
I have passed by this restaurant many many many times and it's always packed and looks like everyone is having a great time. Now I know why, the food is delicious!!!!  We started with the tator tots..yes, tator tots. Crispy and cooked to perfection, and more than enough to share...reminded us on upscale cafeteria food, in a VERY good way! I ordered the Shrimp and grits (with a bacon sauce, are you serious?!?! BACON SAUCE!!!) ssssoooo tasty and full of flavor. Shrimps were cooked perfectly, grits weren't gritty, just smooth and scrumptious. John ordered the Pork tenderloin and man oh man...I kept wanting to eat his food too. Both of us were very full and very thankful we stopped in.  On Wednesday night it's Ladies NIght so it's half off wells and there's a draft special and a 2for1 on their house wines. Also on the patio (which is super cute and cozy) they have live music. What a great way to spend a Wednesday night, great food, awesome atmosphere and the staff was so amazing. Definetly check it out, I think this will be my new "go to" place here in Debary :)
First time I have ever been to this establishment an the service and food was fantastic. I had the special of the night which was  prepared  just right. I will be back an hopefully the food and the service will be the same.
so yeah, everything is totally yummy here. like totes. plus you get to listen to singer/songwriter type musicians on the big ass porch and feel like you are on the west coast instead of a retirement community. Even some freaky looking people come out to eat at the Genuine...Okay, yeah I have been one of them. Seared Tuna appetizer is quite good though I prefer smaller cuts. Its kinda pretty and very vaginal looking so I wont complain. Everything on the menu is delish.
