And just when I thought that there isn't anything to do in Sanford, I stumbled across this bar, in downtown Sanford of all places! I used to go out to downtown Orlando every time I thought night life, but this gem is where all the kids in Sanford have been hanging out at. Great beer selection, a really chill vibe, and a ton of people from my high school go here! I finally found something to do in Sanford!
Do you one BOGO beer? Live music? Generally divey atmosphere? Then check out West End. I've been here a few times for shows and drinking, and I'll say that the drinking aspect is really the only reason to go. As mentioned, it's often that you can Buy One Get One Free at this establishment, but that doesn't hide the terrible music aspect. This is actually 3 buildings in one, but the average goer would really only spend time at the bar. There's a very nice stage area in the back, but too often they have some crappy ska wannabe playing at the front, where they serve the beer. What does this mean? Well heck! I'm not gonna go pay more money for some band I don't know, if Ska4.5 is playing near beer! Again, this is a dive with cheap craft beer. Just don't expect much more than that.
Nice bar located in Downtown Sanford near 1st street. This is not a small bar with three different rooms and two bars but the place was packed when I came here after Alive after 5. Service was pretty slow but once we got one to serve us after waiting prob 10-15 minutes around. The only reason I ended up here with my gf was because I got two cards for shots at this place,this was my first time and the place is old but inside it is decorated with posters and the have several TV's inside and even hade a trivia game that day. The drinks we got were good and the lady behind the counter was nice and friendly bit she was drinking and looked pretty waisted. Lots of alcohol to choose from and even pool table to play. Plenty of seating inside and out side. Support local business!
I stopped in with some friends on Saturday night while doing a downtown Sanford pub crawl. It was very low key, no live music on this night. I hate this place when they have live music for several reasons. The large room where the stage is set up is a hole - dark, dingy, SMELLY, last visit it wreaked of vomit... The acoustics in the stage room are awful, you can never hear the actual music, just loud noise. They also only have 1 bathroom per gender. Put 200 people in a venue with 1 toilet per gender, it gets really nasty really quick. However, on this particular night no live band = low key and tolerable atmosphere. My friends and I sat at the bar, bar tenders were super friendly and somewhat entertaining. We ordered some lite bites to help with the home stretch of our evening. I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich (easy enough). My friends ordered a wrap with some fries. The wrap came out within about 5 minutes. My grilled cheese took almost 20 minutes to come out. Go figure. Not a bad place, just don't' expect to be comfortable or catered to if there is live music/a crowd.
This place is FILLED with smoke, and the service is pretty iffy. But other than that, there aren't any real downsides. Their beer is really cheap. They have really great live music from local bands, which is pretty cool to see them support local artists. The acoustics aren't too great, as the music reverberates off the walls at about 1,000 decibels, but at least it's great music.  The food is surprisingly good for bar food, and it's cheap too. You have to order it at the bar, but then they bring it to you when it's ready. Happy hour on all beer every day until nine.
Buy one get one happy hour every day for four hours - need I say more?
I try to avoid this place at all costs. It's ridiculously smokey and I don't think there's any ventilation in the place. When you leave, you litterally smell like an ash tray. Discusting. I used to go here alot when it was smaller an there was sand on the floor. It felt more beachy and had a great vibe. Now, it's just a hole in wall redneck/white trash bar...if you like that kind of vibe, go to this place! Right up your alley. idk, just not my kind of place. They do have darts, pool table and beer pong.
My friends all like this place. I don't really. The place seems trashy to me. But there are always good bands and the beer is cheap. The people are all nice for the most part. If they spruced up the place a bit I would come back.
Driving to this place was a little scary.  I don't know the area too well and you drive by the building and it looks like a dive bar.  I parked on one of the main streets and walked in.  Don't be surprised by your first few steps, because the floor is sand.  They have a beer pong table set up and people play it all night long.  They have a variety of beer available, which I've noticed a lot of bars down here don't have much to offer!  They also have 2 large screen TVs in front of the bar.  I went there to play poker which is free on Fridays and it was a good time.  The owner is very nice and the bartender was sweet!  You can request songs and they download them on the spot!  The crowd is young, so if you're looking for a sophisticated night out you might not want to settle here, but if you are young and looking for a fun time this is the place to go!
Food?  I have no clue but I totally dig the fact that this joint supports local music and I went for the local band showcase.  The bartenders were uniformly friendly and knew their beers.  The event staff seemed to have much enthusiasm and the guy working the door was hilarious.  It was your typically bar.  It smelled like you typically bar but the scene was pretty cool.  I plan to come back and check out some more bands indeedy!
Well this place is kind of a mixed bag. Service is just okay, in that you have to go up to one of the two bars and get drinks yourself and order food, although they will then bring the food to your table. The food is actually pretty decent too, for basic bar food. The beer selection is pretty good, especially for the area. The live music and the side where the bands play is a great space. Overall, I thought the place had decent food, good beer and a great vibe. The two reggae bands we saw last Friday were both excellent and worth going to see again. So if you are on the North end of town and looking for live jams and a kind of funky vibe check it out. Oh, another positive, happy hour with ALL drinks and beer two for one until nine! And, one other negative, they do allow smoking, which is kind of nasty, but it is a big place and I didn't have too hard a time just keeping my distance.
Hey, two for one until nine and a pretty good wrap.
Unfortunately, this place has gone downhill quick.  The owner now requires all the bartenders to pour EXACTLY 1oz shots using a chigger glass.  This means weak, overpriced drinks.  It pretty much sucks.  They get some good bands with no cover, that's the only saving grace.  When are people going to learn to pour HEAVY and they will come!  Come on now, guys!  Your margin on that $10 bottle of Three Olives is CRAZY huge.. pour that sh!t and let's party!  ...or.. let it dry up like it has since you went cheap-ass.  Your choice.  Lame.
