Very impressed with this location. Wrap around patio area with comfy seating and they open up the sliders when the musicians arrive so those outside can enjoy the live music. And let's talk about that ... The band they featured when we visited was outstanding! I was floored that this WOB has in house food choices (used to ordering elsewhere) ... Everything looked good. We just came with fur baby in tow for beer. We ended trying the seasonal pumpkin cider. Needless to say I had 3 of those, thankfully we walked here from our hotel. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more than the beer!
Beer: 3. Great selection of beer. Prices are 5-9 per pint (or less if specialty beer with high ABV).   Service: 1. Service was extremely cliquey- it felt like someone had let high schoolers take over the bar so they could cater to their friends' every need and more or less ignore everything about everyone else. One bartender spent the majority of his time flirting with his girlfriend and friends or bringing samples of beers or stickers for said beers to the regulars. I'm fairly congenial- I make small talk with bar tenders at most bars I frequent. This bar would not have that - how do you expect me to become a regular if you treat me as second rate? Food: 1. Basically an appetizer menu of foods that can be microwaved or thrown on the thermal pizza stone they have (no kitchen). I heard them tell the guy next to me that his food was not hot because if they reheated it to match the temp of his chips, it would have dried out too much. Why not just start over and do things right the first time instead of bringing admittedly sub-par food? Most WOB locations have menus for local restaurants to deliver- not this one. Atmosphere: 3. Clean, well kept. Audio for the sports game was a bit quiet for my liking, but I can understand that as the crowd was mostly late-30s, early-40's. Want wide selection of beers at high prices with servers that treat you like you're out of place? This is your place. Want food with your beer? Go some where else.
This place has hundreds of beers available to partake in. What else needs to be said? Even though WOB is a franchise it's still worth the review to note that it's an excellent place to meet friends or spend a relaxing night out. They have sports on the TVs and a huge selection, and the location can't be beat. So far I have tried many beers from all over the country and settled on Ommegang as one of my top favorites. I used to enjoy this while in College, and being able to find it down in Florida has been great.
I Stopped by WOB during their Dogfish Head Beertopia. We had a couple of booths filled with friends. We all tried a number of the Dogfish beers they had on tap for the event. There was nice beer menu with descriptions, ABV & the price for all the Dogfish Head on tap. Our group had fun sampling the various beers and chatting about the flavors and such. A number of us did flights so we could try as many as our liver would allow. We had friendly service that was helpful and engaging. WOB was raffling off a couple of shirts every hour and Mike Z & Mike W both won from our table. I liked the space; it was clean and quite comfortable. There was outdoor seating for the smokers and the music was a nice mix of varied songs that worked. A couple of other WOB locations are closer for me, but I liked the vibe going on at this location the best. The crowd was mixed aged and it appeared many are frequent customers due to their loyalty shirts they were wearing. Though I wouldn't drive up here for just for beers since I have many other craft beers spots closer, I'd definitely make the jaunt for another tap takeover with a brewery I enjoy.
Only stopped by for a beer during the playoffs. Place was packed. Great selection of beer (hence world of beer) and affordable. They give you the short list, but if you ask you can get a much more in depth beer menu.
Beer selection is good, service is on a steady decline. We were there on the day wob opened, and had stay pretty loyal to this place. Although we still come here often, but we learned to lower our expectations.
I Enjoy this location's convenience. The selection is of course top notch for beer, abysmal for wine. Pricing is always inconsistent depending on location, but this one stays pretty competitive given the neighborhood. They recently (within the past year) added a bar menu with high quality items. My friends love the gourmet pretzel (this ain't your everyday microwave pretzel) and I particularly enjoy the battered shrimp. Quality definitely surpasses any ale house or pub in the area; yea it's bar food, but none of the items feel like an afterthought Staff is competent and friendly, no matter which location. Community involvement is refreshing but seems to have shifted - partnering with local restaurants was great to see in the past before they offered their own menu. But they still have a lot of fun things going on regularly. Always fun on a Sunday afternoon for football.
Love it, Love it, Love it. If you like craft, foreign and relatively obscure but high quality beer, World of Beer is a must visit.  With 500 different varieties of bottled beer in 2 huge glowing refrigerators behind the bar and (from what the menu said) 70 different varieties of draft beers staring at you my eyes popped out of my head.  Your server will hand you a large laminated menu and help you through your choices.  Samples and small 4oz shot portions are available if you want to test a couple of varieties out.  The best part for me came when my server announced that I could purchase bottles (unopened) and take them home.  I plan on coming here as often as possible and since they are a chain I'm hoping they have a stronger chance to survive in a shake economic climate.
We really enjoyed the Lake Mary location of World of Beer. We live very close to the UCF WOB location, but we would drive the extra miles to head back to the Lake Mary WOB. The various sporting events were on TV's, the vibe was chilled and there was music on. However, it was not a cacophony of noise making it hard to think straight or talk to the person next to you. (Which, we have to do at the UCF location) The service was AWESOME. Drinks were brought quickly after a friendly greeting and some suggestions. Hubby was loving the Long Coast Tangerine Wheat on draft. Fans of Blue Moon should check it out- perfect warm weather sipper. I enjoyed a new Octoberfest, which was not on the menu. Yum! Beers were refreshed promptly and we enjoyed a few hours chillin' and enjoying ourselves.
My first time here was this past Friday. I pretty much knew what to expect, since I'd been to the one in Dr. Phillips a few times. I wasn't here for all that long and, to be honest, didn't pay a ton of attention to what was going on (my friend and I stopped by here for a beer to discuss The Dark Knight Rises, which we'd just seen), but the experience was very positive. Our server was very attentive and was able to answer any questions we had. My friend and I ordered two orders of Mozzarella cheese sticks, which we were told were one of only a few dishes World of Beer offers. (I'd never eaten anything at the Dr. Phillips location; until Friday night, I was unaware WoB offered any food at all.) They were good, as were our beers. As the name of the business suggests, WoB has an extensive list of both bottled and draft beers. If you can think of it, chances are WoB has it. The prices, of course, vary, but nothing seems overpriced or a ripoff. This World of Beer has a great atmosphere and is in an excellent spot for Lake Mary/Heathrow nightlife. If I hung out some more up this way, I'm sure I'd stop by here more often. As things currently are, I am closer to the Dr. Phillips and Altamonte Springs locations, though I've yet to go to the latter. Check it out if you're in the area and are a beer aficionado.
We stopped in for a few beers on sunday and what is there to really complain about?  The location is perfect.   They serve a ton of different beers.  The place is very spacious, open and bright.  The TV's are new, the bar was clean and the staff was friendly.   No, you wont find a menu of food as it states they don't serve food, but I was told they did offer chicken wings/tenders.  however, thats more than they say they offer. Can't hate on that. Great place, will be back soon!
Service is fantastic! Knowledgeable AND friendly, I like the band setup. MAJOR NEGATIVE- The night I was there, they had on some dumb TV reality show about a beer brewer, they cut off all the music and ran audio of the show. HUGE BUZZ KILL, TV commercials suck as it is, but imagine listening to them at full blast while you are trying to enjoy a night out with friends. Seriously, it was not just background volume level, it was the entire sound system! I complained to the waitress and asked them to turn the music back on, she told me "some people like this show" I'll give them one more try, but if this TV show nonsense is a nightly event (except major sporting events), then I would rather sit at home and drink beer where I can hit the mute button!
Good atmosphere, even if the music is a tad loud; prefer the patio to inside. Great selection, including having a good cider on tap; very solid. Fair prices considering the location. I ordered mozzarella sticks and they were just cheap frozen ones deep-fried and served with a foil-topped package of marinara sauce. Needless to say, not worth $7. The service was efficient, though she did sometimes stop mid-sentence to say hello/hug a friend or regular customer. The live band the night we went had a terrible drummer but were otherwise decent. All in all, I'd definitely go back for a drink or two but it probably isn't going to be my go-to place.
I think my only real complaint from here is that I didn't get carded.  Other than that, wow.  This was NOT a sports bar compared to the first place I went to when I got here.  It was clean, had a MASSIVE amount of stock and staff that knew their beers and THEN some. Cigar City Saison has my thumbs up.  A damn fine Florida brew! Pub quiz on Tuesday nights (brush up on your Indiana Jones knowledge or walk away sorely disappointed). Something rad about this place: You can join a club there and on Tuesdays you get a discount.  It costs like the $15 bucks to join and you get a shirt, a glass, and from then on, all of your beers will be cataloged.  It was pretty amazing of a sight.  One customer that went there had a list that was a good length of bar in tasted beers. I had some great stuff there: Orange Blossom Ale Saison Duval and Florida's own Cigar City. I highly recomend going over here if you are in the area and are/want to be an aspiring beer afficiando.  Even if you don't know it, the staff will happily assist in showing you the way to greatness. And hey, maybe you might do better at Pub Quiz than we did.
The main reason I think these bars are worth coming to is because they have a pretty awesome draft selection, always featuring a cider or two (most commonly woodchuck amber.) Their bottle list is extensive, but you might as well go to the Publix Liquor store next door which has a lot of the bottle for a lot cheaper. Drafts are the way to go here. Service was good, and you can bring in food which I like. There are a lot of TVs, so I guess this is a sports bar. That's the weird part to me. It feels like the Buffalo Wild Wings of beer. If that makes any sense. Anyhow, if you like different beers and don't enjoy drinking the typical Bud/Miller etc that's on draft elsewhere, this is the place for you. PS - They don't clean their classes all too well, so some of the beers pour without the head they really should have.
Beer, beer and more beer, plus fun trivia games on a Wednesday night. St. Bernardus Abt 12 on tap, 'nuff said. One day, I need to try their bar food snacks, they sound good. Great service too.
Great selection of beers. Food looks ok but have not tried it. Ask the bartenders for suggestions on what to drink As they know what just came on and can link it to a beer you love
World of Beer is the perfect place to relax and try new beers with a couple of friends. I love that since they don't serve food, they let you bring your own! I usually order take out from Amuras, an excellent sushi restaurant in the same complex, and then I get my favorite beers and favorite sushi. Could life get any better? I say that it cannot. I've been to the WoB near UCF as well, and I think the Lake Mary location is a lot quieter. They've never had live music while I've been here, so I've never had a problem with it. The only problem is wanting to try all their beers. They have something like 500+, and drinking them all is a nearly insurmountable task. But hey, you've got to have goals, right?
Went here with a big group on a Saturday night... needless to say it was packed but we were able to get a nice corner booth for our group. I love the fact that you can bring in your own food- and we definitely took advantage of that.  My friends brought in several snacks and I brought in a cake to celebrate our friends birthday. The beer selection is definitely HUGE and because I'm not quite the beer drinker it was a little overwhelming.  I was happy though to find a beer I could drink (I'm so picky!!).  I had the Raspberry Ale and it was delicious!! Our group also ordered a few rounds of pretzels... the waitress forgot about the first round and brought it out to my friend rather late.  The waitress was very busy and hard to get a hold of at times, but she was very nice and had a great attitude. There was live music the night we were there which our group really enjoyed.  WARNING: it gets VERY loud in there and I had to shout in order for my friends to hear me, but the atmosphere was fun and we definitely had a great time.  WILL BE BACK FOR SURE!
Card-carrying member of the 100 club and closing on 250! Yes, I'm a fan albeit with a reluctant start. Didn't want to like this place; I'm a homebrewer and beer snob, and figured that WoB would cheapen the craft beer scene by trying to turn it into McBeer. Very pleasantly surprised by the approach, especially since it came under new management. Wish they would be a bit more supportive of Tuesday night trivia (they seem to not care too much for it but it draws me and my buddies). Only gripe: the floorstaff can be very hit or miss; at times I felt like I was completely invisible because the floor staff were being too attentive to their friends. Note: I tip accordingly. Other times: wonderful service. Just need more consistency with a bias towards the latter. The beer selection is very good; wish they would focus a wee bit more on Florida brewers :)  Beers are well kept, bar staff are knowledgeable, attentive and make you feel like a local. Has an almost UK pub-like atmosphere in terms of people, and that's a rare thing in this part of the world. Was a UK resident for 20 years, so I'm not pulling that statement out of my you-know-what.
WOB rocks. Very good selection of draft beers and even larger selection of bottled beer. Sing-up for the loyalty card and try to reach the 500 club, which requires you to try 500 different types of beer. For that you get FAT, unemployed and they host a party in your name and give you a $250 bar tab. REALLY, they should offer substance abuse support if you reach the 500 club. The place is new, clean, great service - staff must pass a very extensive test of the history of beer and they really show strong knowledge on all products. Try to stump them - you will not, The TV's screens are all of the joint and they have a fun classy crown that enjoys beer. All served in the appropriate glass, you will enjoy. A few of my favorites are Chimay, Palm, Arrogant Bastard, Magic #9, etc.
I love beer and WOB has plenty. The best part is you can sample any beer on tap before you order.  They really don't have food, but you can bring in your own or order from any of the nearby places and have it delivered.  This is one of my favorite places when they have music playing.
I love beer.  I really, really love beer.  And there is so...much...beer.  500 in bottle and 40 on tap I think.  Surprisingly, there is a fairly equal mix of guys and girls in this place, they have good entertainment on the weekends, they open up part of the wall to the patio when it's nice outside, and there are more tv's than I know what to do with.  Not to mention the place itself is cool too. The staff takes their time to get to know the customers, and there is a solid core of regulars that enjoy each others company and the staff's as well, myself included.  Can't say enough about it all.
Nice good so,ething beer thst has rasberry
Hearty beer assortment, comfy seats, lots of TVs and ladies night?!? What more could you ask for? Well, one thing that would be nice is if they sold food. You can, however, order food and have it delivered from one of the many nearby restaurants. The night we visited we had eaten dinner around the corner and stopped by WOB for a drink. By the time our beer came I was so full from dinner that I had to pass off most of my beer to a friend. Still a great place to relax and try one of the many, many brews. One thing that is nice is that the place isn't overly loud. You can actually have a conversation with the people you are with. Too bad WOB isn't closer... but maybe that a good thing!
The World of Beer is your Oyster.  Great place on Thursdays or Fridays after 7.  Nothing like a Cold IPA!!!
They have beer, and a lot of it.  No pretense to be a gastropub, a martini bar, a wine venue or anything else.  Just beer.  They do have good chicken wings and some other bar food as well.  Bar staff was knowledgeable about the products offered.
Best place around for beer!  Beer and lots of it.  Nothing much else there, service is very poor.  But the Bar staff is good and knowledgeable.
World of Beer is a very enjoyable pub to go hang out with some friends and just relax after a hard week of work. The beers are vast, and can be overwhelming, they even have a blueberry beer. The servers are great, and no matter how busy are always there to help! Nice live music on the weekend too. The other thing I really like about this place is that it has a huge mix of people, young and old. Just an overall relaxed atmosphere!
Great selection of beers however waited on barkeep for over 20 min before he took our order bar was not busy (Sunday night). Looked right through us very poor bartending if your busy just let us know you be back to take our order.  Don't understand how they afford the overhead of Heathrow if they don't sell beer efficiently.  Didn't wait around for another round left after we finished our first drink. Lots of better options near by. Plus how is it the world of beer without Murphy's Irish Stout shame shame.
awesome place! Im not a huge beer drinker.. but its still a fun place to hang!! And those of you like me... you gotta try the "fruit cocktail"  beer! yummmm!!!!
Amazing beer selection and our bar tender was right on point. The music was a little loud not good for talking but a great place to try new drinks. A little more pricey then my local WOB but will do.
Huge beer selection of craft brews from around the country and the world. Knowledgeable staff makes choices easy. Plenty of taps you can sample from. Lots of bottles on display in the deli fridges behind the bar. Decent pricing, too. Cheers!
The best staff off all the WOBs we have been to... So far we have visited 7 locations.
Service is horrible. I won't go back - takes them forever to take your order, even if you sit at the bar and/or its not super busy. Always feel like the bartenders have their "regulars" they know and spend most of their time talking to them & bringing them drinks. Made the mistake of ordering food once and that took forever.
Well...all I gotta say is that they have an ASSORTMENT of Cider!!! yahoo!!!  That right there will have me coming back again and again...as I have shown that I will :)    This is a great place to go hang with your friends. They have inside and outside seating. The TVs are only inside though...which I think it would be nice to have some outside too cause it gets really crowded and hard to get a drink when everyones standing in front of the bar to watch the games. There's not alot of seating, which I don't mind because I'm a "mingler" but if you're looking for a spot to post up at, come a little bit early or keep your eye out for a table to open up. The staff is nice, not always the speediest, but it does get really busy and it's not an annoying wait.  So far, this is the best "beer" place I've been to. The crowd that goes there is good too. If you don't like Carlos and Charlies, you're gonna like World of Beers.  I believe they have something like 500+ beers available and they do switch them up occasionaly.  Also, if you're a college student or faculty member, you can get a WOBU card which gives you a discount on your drinks which is cool...but...lets see...most people graduate at...22...so maybe they should have another card for frequent drinkers too... :) (i felt a little left out of the club since it's been...oh lets just say a long time since I've been a college student).  So, yeah, go here, it's fun, it's all drinks (no food), great atmosphere. I hear there are other locations, I haven't checked those out, but I do like my location!
I've been here twice and this review is based only on my second visit.  (The first time my husband and I went here, we left after about 15 minutes of waiting for someone to talk with us, and they never did.  Very disappointing.)  We were encouraged to go back and did on a Saturday night when they had live music.  It was fabulous.  It was busy.  The musician was fantastic.  Our server was very friendly and super knowledgeable about the selection.  We are now loyalty members and we will go back.  My only hope is that they will start to serve some of the micro-brews from the Midwest soon.
Great beers friendly staff
This place  is pretty awesome. I like the atmosphere and the outdoor seating. It's nice and open, but it does get crowded. Their beer selection is awesome. The staff is knowledgeable and very helpful when it comes to helping customers pick out new things. It's fun to go with one other person or an entire group of people.
