Great smoke spot. Great Spanish classical guitar playing the whole time. Got 2 cigars - 1 for then, 1 for later. They cut them according to your specifications, light you up, and let you enjoy. Packed for the night. No open tables outside but didn't matter. Still an enjoyable experience. Staff that is willing to help you with your selections. Very enjoyable.
Update 6/1/14- After writing my review on my experience at Coronas I was promptly contacted by the gm and store manager apologizing for the service we were given. I really appreciate them reaching out and felt they genuinely cared. Next time we're in the area we will definitely stop by again. My fiancé and I visit Coronas quite often. Mostly the downtown location and love it. Great selection, great service and very friendly staff. We were in the Lake Mary area and decided to stop in. Upon first walking in we were coldly acknowledged. We were selecting a few cigars for a about 15mins not one person asked if they could help us find anything. When we were checking out we were purchasing 4 cigars we were not asked if we were smoking any today, offered a cut, or even matches. Even when we got a drink the bartender was super cold and hurried up and got out drinks then walked away so she could finish her convo with her coworker. Definitely will not be returning here, sticking to downtown and sandlake location only!
Discovered this gem when visiting our office located a couple blocks away. It's a cigar lovers paradise! The entire store is a humidor! I visited four times in as many days! Good deals on smokes. Order a drink and relax. Sit outside at night and enjoy a breeze. Comfy seating, an unreal cigar selection, wifi, dozens of ashtrays... What else could you possibly want?!
Only reason this place is 4 stars is because sister store in Downtown Orlando is about 3 times larger. Without that comparison, this place is a definite 5. The service is impeccable, they'll cut the cigar and light/relight it for you. I second the review below - get the Boris 11. It's smooth and leaves a comfortable aftertaste.
A great selection of cigars for everyone from the beginner to "pro" and a spot to smoke inside with a small bar. Port and a cigar? Yes please. (They also serve beer and a selection of alcohol) 4 stars because of the leering old men that smoke outside at night, they creep me out. I've always had a great experience here, which kind of surprised me at first because I'm a girl and assumed I'd be ignored. I first went in with a girlfriend and our husbands, while we were wandering around someone actually came over and asked us if we wanted any recommendations while someone else was helping the boys. He took the time to explain a brief history of cigars, showed and let us squeeze different cigars so we could feel the difference in a well rolled one, and helped us pick a few mild ones to try (since we were just starting out). If you'd like some good guidance on how to take up cigars, this is a great spot to start. I've been back a few times and am always happy with the friendly service and excellent recommendations. Cigar Tip: If you've never smoked one before, ask how to do it or look it up. There's a bit of an art to it if you don't want to yarf the first time and ruin cigars for yourself.
The atmosphere is elegant and location perfect but we must have got the short end of the stick when it came to staff. My husband and I stopped in after lunch at Amura and asked very basic questions that could not be answered. My husband finally settled on the ONLY recommended cigar and picked his own whiskey to pair. When I asked for a dirty martini, trying to to forget about this subpar service, I was told that there was not a bar tender but said he "could try" and looked up a recipe online. Awesome. I will NEVER be back. We cold have easily dropped some serious cash here but with the lack of guidance we settled for one cigar and one drink and left disappointed.
If your a cigar smoker and you come to this place , you will be in heaven.  Its a huge 3500 foot retail /bar space that is completely humidified.  They carry every brand of cigar that you could possibly want that's legal for sale in the US.  They actually have a sister store in Orlando which is supposed to be larger, but i have yet to make it there.  I have been here about 5 times in the last few months, and they have very knowledgeable staff and their prices are right at retail with the exception of some of Fuentes special products like opus x which they are pretty high(although for such a nice spot i can excuse a tiny bit of gouging).  They also have a a beer license with all types of imported beers , and extremely beautiful bartenders.  This place is top notch. They are closely affiliated with Avo and have all the hard to get Avo stuff at all times.  Ask for a Boris , its a cigar you can't get anywhere else.
A nice spot to smoke some great cigars and relax. Not as big as their downtown but a pretty good selection overall. Staff is friendly and will help you pick a cigar if you have a hard time deciding.
I just moved to the Orlando area and this is the best resource for top quality cigars anywhere. Friendly, helpful staff and a great environment to sit down, relax and enjoy a nice smoke.
Nice place, well stocked, full bar, good atmosphere, nice looking people, decent food and in the heart of lake Mary/Heathrow.  Just lacks real Cuban Cigars..LOL
Best cigar lounge in Central Florida!  Huge selection of cigars, good bar and good bar food.  Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.  Its the best place in town to stop by for a cigar and a drink or even just a coffee.  Or simply to grab a cigar!
Exellence in selection.  Great walking neighborhood.
Corona Cigar has a great selection of cigars and tools/etc in stock. I've never left empty handed. It's a good place to go when you're killing time before dinner or the movie theater. Prices are about average, I'd say.
Friendly helpful staff. Great smokes. Huge selection
Excellent service. Would go back.
