I LOVE Imperial! This is my absolute favorite bar and hang out spot. I typically come here once a week. Sam and Keith are awesome bartenders and will make you any  kind of drink you want (provided they have the ingredients). They are extremely friendly, helpful and welcome. Don't expect to come here for a bud or a drink mix made from a bottled mix, oh no they only have craft beers and their cocktails are all made from scratch - no bottle mixes here. Yes sometimes you have to wait a little while for a drink when they're busy. But that's the price you pay and I'm willing to pay for craft cocktails made with care. The prices are more expensive then any other bar but again craft cocktails made from scratch.
Oh, The Imperial... now this is THE place for exotic, hard-to-find drink specials.  If only it was located closer to home.  Nevermind.  That's probably part of its enduring charm. It's the only bar where I am comfortable using the word "mixologist."  It's the only place that deserves to be snobbish, yet it feels relatively laid back for the quality of drink provided.  My absolute favorite is the Vieux Carré, and I am not a big bourbon drinker. MMmmm.   To me, there are two types of great films: the ones you can watch over and over again and never get tired of, and the ones that you only watch every couple of years, but they remain as unforgettable as the first time you saw them.  To me, The Imperial is analogous to the second category.  My wife and I only go there a few times a year, primarily during the annual Love Your Shorts Film Festival.  But so far, the ambiance and drinks have remained as good as the first time we set foot in there.
I don't know what I can say that hasn't been said, other than this is one bar that stands out in Sanford. If you have to have a Bud Light this is not your stop. Craft beers, top shelf liquor, and hand crafted cocktails more your thing? This is heaven on earth. I usually go for happy hour after work. Who doesn't like $4 craft beer drafts? I don't understand the comments about the bartenders not being friendly. If you engage and talk to them they are more than helpful, if you are chatting with your friends they check on you, but don't interrupt. I have been many times, on many different occasions, and not once had a bad time. You do have to place your order at the bar, but I like that. And because all the cocktails are handcrafted sometimes you have to wait your turn, but it is always worth it. If you have never been check it out. If you have I am sure I will see you there again soon.
Bartender with the wacky mustache was pretty rude. Asked him about a drink and apparently he didnt want to teach me how to "drink". Dude it was a drink with egg whites.. all i wanted was a review on it.
Five stars? No. Four stars for the ambience; the slightly-overpriced but unique drinks; and best of all the soothingly-cool temperatures we love so much on a steamy humid summer afternoon. No more stars due to this annoying habit the quasi-friendly bartenders seem to have every single time we go that we somehow just ain't cool enough to be a true 'member' of their secret inner-circle mystery clique - one that is a mystery to us poor, nerdy, decidedly-uncool customers who by patronizing this establishment in fact pay their salaries. We can never figure these guys out - did someone forget to tell them that they are bartenders? In a bar? And that their earnings are entirely reliant on people who want to and choose to come in to this place, and hopefully spend money - so they can get a paycheck? Having met the very genial and affable owner, we always marvel afterwards at his 'folks' and their less-than-friendly attitudes. He is undeniably a very savvy, engaged, friendly, hand's-on proprietor who goes out of his way to provide a welcoming establishment, and also warmly and freely participates, and even gives back his time and some of his treasure in our local community. He has certainly earned any and all success through his unique and innovative approach of successfully melding a high-end and somewhat amusing bric-a-brac store with what appears to be a friendly and welcoming lounge. Congratulations. Perhaps he will someday seek out, and see and hear enough feedback from others who feel exactly as we do, and then either school his employees to act more like him, or maybe just beat their cloying supercilious attitudes out of them. We vote for option B.
The Imperial has become my favorite place. The drinks are works of art......I love discussing them with Sam, Keith & Mike. & love listening to them talk about the liquors & beers.  Their knowledge is part do their craft! It is a place for friends to talk, celebrate & even cry, if you have too. (I have done all 3) a rare gem in Sanford. I am lucky enough to live here. If you are not...... It is worth the drive!!! Thursday is our GNO..... Come join us.... Make new friends.....
As if the Apple Pie Honey Meade isn't enough of a reason to come, they have a beautiful bar filled with antiques for sale. It's a good place to bring a small group of friends and sit around one of the tables or bar if you prefer. Plus, they offer an interesting selection of beer, cider,  meade, wine, mixed drinks, and even a few craft sodas. Parking is usually easy to find right off the main road.
There aren't many businesses you find on yelp that can maintain 5 stars while having this many reviews.  That being said, The Imperial in Sanford deserves every single one.   There's nothing I resent more than paying nine dollars for something that is poured and shot out of a soda gun as a product of muscle memory with no attention to detail.   When you come to The Imperial you will immediately be directed to their unique and fantastic cocktail menu. The drinks are original and feature very high quality craft distilled spirits.  Don't expect to order a captain and coke because you will be disappointed, however if you give the bartenders Mike, Keith, or Sam a chance they will change the way you look at mixed drinks. Their "mixers" are slices of real, fresh fruit and adjuncts such as house brandied cherries or a strip of bacon when appropriate. Although it's difficult to look past the cocktail menu The Imperial also features one of the best beer selections in Sanford.  They feature twelve taps and a very unique and delicious assortment of bottles, beers like an authentic Belgian Kriek, some great imperial stouts, and a large array of small format bottles.
Going here is such a beautiful experience. It's without a doubt one of my favorite bars in Central FL.
I love the imperial! I met my husband at the downtown imperial and we celebrated our engagement there. We continue to celebrate our birthdays and many other occasions here. The atmosphere is incredible and the drinks are on point.
It's pricey, but it's worth it. The bar itself is absolutely gorgeous and they play music that compliments the decor and makes you feel like you've traveled back in time to a place where things were classy. The bartenders are extremely skilled and friendly. Keith and Sam are awesome. It's the best drink you can get in Florida.
Well worth the price of the drink for any who said they are too pricey. A great way for locals to go out and try a bar with a different spin. Also, a great place to bring friends from out of town. Awesome management, bartenders, knowledge, atmosphere, and drinks.
Love this place! The atmosphere and drinks are great! It's definitely a hidden gem in downtown Sanford, and this may be why every time I've been there it's never been busy. But then again, sadly, downtown Sanford doesn't get too busy anyway.
This was my first time here and I was really impressed.  Sam and Keith were the bar tenders and they know how to make amazing cocktails. They have no juice, sweet mixers or soda, but they muddle and squeeze real fruit, have many bitters and spirits to work their magic. They have a really nice beer selection, and they make sure you get a really clean glass and the beer are poured properly. I started with a Southern Whisky smash.  I nice whisky muddles with lemons and mint.  It was a great summer sipper. My wife had a jalapeno margarita and you really could smell the pepper.  My second drink was just bacon infused bourbon straight up  with a bacon garnish and a house made brandied cherry. My wife had a cucumber, gin mojito that was fantastic, not sweet, but really refreshing.  We finally split a corpse reviver that was amazing and made with Absinthe.   The decor is fantastic. It is in the Washburn Imports store in Sanford.  We would take our drinks and look at the cool furniture.  This is the best bar I have been to in Central Florida.  Don't go looking for cheap beer specials or 2 for 1 cheap well drinks, this place has amazing craft cocktails!
We were here last night. Some friend of ours told us about this place, what a wonderful surprise it turned out to be. The nice antique store doubles as a quaint bar, the showroom displays very interesting furnitures you can purchase, could be a bad combination with impaired judgement. I enjoy Scotch and whiskey, and they have an exceptional menu for that. The bartender is very knowledgeable about his spirits. There's no loud music which made it ideal for conversation. Overall a more gown-up place for drinks with friends.
The best cocktail bar & experience around. Set in historic Sanford, right on 1st St in a 100+ year old building. Part furniture store, part bar and just a really cool and unique vibe. A must visit. The whiskey selection takes the stage but there's a great selection of craft everything here. The bar staff has a passion for ingredients and perfecting drinks, real drinks. There's a very classic drink menu with a few specialties and don't be afraid to experiment with Sam and Keith. They have some stellar ingredients behind the bar and these guys know how to use them...so don't be shy. There are no soda guns, no fruit juices/mixers and no 'light' beers. They make their own soda water, cut/muddle fresh fruit & herbs, serve brandied cherries and have bacon. Get the drift... Although you can use the furniture, there is no table service. There are some seats at the bar but plenty of space to walk up and order. If people are crowding the walk-up space, just ask them to move. Tips: Smile, have fun, talk, don't yell. Talk to people, there are a handful of friendly locals/regulars. If you bring in food, don't leave a mess. If you bring in a dog, don't let it run around (ps. there's a great dog park right down the street). Be patient, drinks are crafted from scratch. All in all, it's laid back, but with class. It's a bar you'd find in a major city, and no, it's not for everyone. But for those of you ready for a 'better' (especially if you live in the Lake Mary/Sanford area) bar experience, you have to check this place out. Hands down, 5 stars.
First time at Imperial last night.  This is a bar for thinkers, appreciators of art and good beer - those who like a good scene but actually enjoy talking to their friends.   The bartenders didn't ask what I wanted - they asked my name and what kinds of drinks I liked and then made recommendations.  All three bartenders manning the bar had exceptional product knowledge.  I was able to ask for something off menu several times and the customized drinks as well as the great music and incredible decor were a pleasure to be around.   While sitting outside, a bartender from another local establishment had to come and ask for a few supplies as they'd ran out at their own bar.  I thought it was pretty fantastic that The Imperial helped out another local business with no questions asked.  I highly, highly recommend this place.
My first time here was last night. I was expecting great things, seeing as how I am a big fan of The Imperial at Washburn Imports near downtown Orlando. The Imperial in Sanford definitely did not disappoint, and after only one visit I may like it even more than the "original." The interior of this Imperial is very spacious and clean and appears to be even more fancy and well-kept than the one near downtown. I spent a good deal of time looking around and being impressed by the appearance. The Imperial near downtown is no slouch, really, but this one is very impressive. The employees were very cool, friendly and knowledgeable, too - the Imperials clearly know how to employ personable workers who make the trips to either location worth your time. Even though many of the mixed drinks on the menu sounded very tempting to order, I kept things fairly simple and had one oatmeal coffee stout and one Hefeweizen beer, the total for which was $10. Not a bad deal! The prices here are reasonable and the beer selection is thorough and varied. I saw at least a handful of beers on the menu that I hadn't seen elsewhere or that are somewhat rare. I am joining the club of Yelpers who have assigned this Imperial location a 5-star review. I'd even rate it a 6, if I could! That's how great it was last night. I can't wait for my next trip here. This place is awesome.
Ve-lee een-ter-es-ting By now, y'all have accurate and far superior reviews about this place - who they are, what they 'do' during the day, and how they transform themselves at night.  Both times I've been here, it's for a special function, which means I don't quite know what it's like when it's not reserved like that.  Service at the bar is usually attentive.  My one complaint is their wine portions.  These glasses are SMALL, and the way they filled mine at least, it's usually at the half way mark, at best.  Given that these are maybe 7 ounce filled to the brim, each pour is not much north of 3 oz. (keeping in mind the shape of that upside-down cone).  At prices ranging from $7-10, that's not what I would call even 'fair', never mind 'generous'.  Now of course, that might be just the size when they have a special function like ours, which, of course, brings up a whole new different issue...
We live down the street from Imperial in downtown Sanford.  As a local resident I was so pleased to see that Imperial had opened in little Historic Sanford on First St across the street from The Willow tree Cafe'.  The bartenders at Imperial are extremely friendly, helpful and  knowledgeable when it comes to explaining the menu items and ordering new drinks.   Of course it boasts the same beautiful lighting, furniture and craft beer/cocktails as the one in downtown Orlando, minus the high-brow crowd. Sanford's crowd is more laid back, warm, welcoming with a relaxing neighborhood feel of which I prefer. Those of you who never come this far, should give it a try for a change of pace. You will be pleasantly surprised.
They have nice furniture here that you can sit.....and buy if you really like it.  The decor is awesome that way.  Even more importantly, the bar tenders without a doubt are the best at making awesome drinks and making sure patrons have everything they need.  If you don't know what you want they'll help you decide on something.  The drink list is creative (the blood orange Manhattan was awesome) and they have a great beer selection to boot.  The music is always good and the clientele for the most part friendly.  Any time I am in the hood I like to swing by for a drink here.  If you haven't yet, I highly recommend!
Excellent!  I did not realize that The Imperial at Washburn Imports existed in Sanford!  I much prefer this location to their other one in...College Park?  I am not certain if that's accurate, but I am pretty sure I am in the general ballpark.  There is something about the College Park crowd that I find rather off-putting, uninviting.  Sanford just seems like a warmer, friendlier place and I am so happy to go a little bit out of my way to visit this lovely bar! Their libations are...a little pricey (otherwise this would be a 5-star review), but it turns out that they have an excellent happy hour that offers not only beer and wine, but also their house specialty drinks.  I recently read somewhere, a bar-tending blog or something like that, that bar-tenders actually quite like it when patrons ask for their house specialty cocktails, it gives them a chance to show off a bit (bar-tenders, feel free to weigh in or correct me on this, I don't mind).  So now I am a little more conscientious about trying new things, because hey - I like watching great people do a good job for me, why not? Last evening I went with a group of 4 and caught the end of happy hour. My sister and I ordered specialty drinks -a Negroni and a Gin Flower - and my other sister and brother in law ordered a glass of wine and a beer, respectively.  All together, the bill came to $20...which is pretty great considering that during regular hours those house specialty drinks were $8 & $9 each! Now the beer my brother in law ordered - he was not sure what he wanted, so the bartender gave him of few sample sized glasses of different things to try.  He settled on one he liked, and we sat to enjoy our beverages.  A few manly gulps in he realized that the beer he was served was not the beer he had chosen.  He resigned himself to finishing it, but the bar-tender must have sensed something amiss, because he came to check on us and found out the mistake.  He swapped the glass out for the correct beer - even though it was almost half drunk!  Good man.  Thank you for that, if we did not express it properly. All this and I have not even mentioned the amazing décor!  I don't think it is antiques, more like exotic imports from the Far East - gorgeous, gorgeous stuff.  And it's all for sale - right down to the table and chairs at which you and your companions are enjoying your drinks!  Of course, I imagine this stuff is fairly pricey, so I suspect most of their trade is of the liquid kind...but who knows...if you get enough drink in you, you could be whipping out your cash for that ornate wooden screen, or that Teak Thai Adirondack Chair. (I doubt you'd have the money for it though, after shelling out for all the drinks!)
Went back again this week and another great experience. Keith was our bartender again and made me an amazing Sazerac that was as good as any I've had at Napoleon House in NOLA. Service was impeccable and atmosphere super chill. This is a must visit evey time I go to downtown Sanford.
This place is absolutely amazing. The bartender Sam is super knowledgable and will be able to make you any drink your desire. Simply one of the best bar experiences in Orlando!
After reading the reviews on this place, it is apparent that it has been a raging success.  I grew up in Sanford and if you had told me that The Imperial would one day be located downtown, I would have had you committed.  Downtown Sanford has gotten better and better over the years and this place is the next evolution in the arc.  It's always nice to go somewhere where you feel that the owners put some real thought into planning a unique and well-thought-out concept, and they nailed it.   The one negative review from Paul looks like an anomaly and after reading it, just sounds like a fella who doesn't get out much  (a 14-ounce wine glass isn't exactly a thimble-sized container).  Every time I've been, the experience has been top-notch.  Cheers to that!
We went to The Imperial for drinks before heading to dinner last Friday. The bar/showroom has a really unique feel to it. You can enjoy your drinks while sitting at the beautiful wood furniture they sell by day. We were there during happy hour and it was very quiet, unlike most bars that time of day. We sat at a table in the back in a little private area where we could laugh and talk with friends without feeling like we were disturbing anyone. During HH beers and wines are $4. Mixed drinks were $8. While the mixed drinks were a little pricey, they were strong. I had a jalapeño margarita. It was really good!  Spicy, but not overwhelming. I also had a vodka Tom Collins. It was made with fresh ingredients. Very refreshing. They made a special non-alcoholic drink for our dd. most surprising, one person in our group got a mixed drink they didn't care for. Once the bar tender duo  out we weren't fans of that drink he took it off the bill. Of course that just meant we were more than happy to buy more drinks. :) This place was awesome!  Can't wait to return.
My first visit to explore Sanford started off at the Imperial.  I didn't end up seeing much of Sanford that night due to the fact that our group was enjoying ourselves, drinking craft beer and admiring the scenery in the store.   This furniture store/bar is a must when wandering this historic town.  Just like the Imperial in Orlando, this furniture store doubles as a stylish bar serving up some tasty craft beers and wine.  Unlike the Imperial in Orlando the Sanford location also serves up some creative libations.  If you stop in between 5pm-7pm you can take advantage of their happy hour.   The Imperial also participates in the monthly Pub Crawl that coincides with the 4th Friday Art Walk.
Funky, fresh, fun - a bright spot in staid Sanford. Funky, fresh, fun - a bright spot in staid Sanford.
A must try when looking for a great cocktail and wanting a quiet interesting bar for conversation.
I can't rant and rave about this place enough!! I am here every weekend. The atmosphere is stellar and their drink selection is amazing., I'm not a beer or wine drinker, so the fact that they have a full bar makes me very very happy. Not to mention the fact that they carry the best of the best liquor selections in florida. Many of them even local.  It is completely worth the money to me. The bar tenders are always crazy knowledgeable and the nicest people. Our favorite thing to do when we come here is play "guess that price!" We look around the room and take turns guessing how much a peace of furniture or decor is. And who ever in your group guesses the closest gets to drink.... I know it's a little backwards, but fun;-) I highly highly recommend checking this place out and making it your regular local hangout spot!
Here for the first time and instantly a fan, previously heard nothing but high praise for the place but now that I have made an appearance I like! Friendly knowledgeable bartenders and tasty vintage/old school/retro drinks! All natural and well served! Would recommend you try for yourself
VERY unique spot! One side is a vintage type furniture store and the other side has furniture and a bar.  My hubbie and I stopped in the night of 1/16/14 before going to Willow Tree for dinner.  We caught happy hour..... House wines and draught beer were only $4.  Bartender was extremely knowledgable -  not only do they have wine and beer but also full liquor options - no canned or bottled juices here.... Everything is made fresh. Nice little spot to pop in for a cocktail.
This was not what I expected at all! Awesome atmosphere and decor. The bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly! Try it out.....you won't be disappointed :)
There are no words. Atmosphere is wonderful and the craft cocktails are incredible. Sanford is on an upswing that reminds me of larger downtowns. The bartenders are nice and can make a mean craft cocktail. Worth every penny and then some. I plan to make it a regular stop for drinks.
I am going to make this review short and sweet. The Imperial at Washburn Imports in Sanford is one of the best bars in Central Florida. Located in historic Sanford, the Imperial is a real bar, that serves real cocktails, and real craft beers. During one of my visits I had the Whiskey Smash, which has become my favorite drink. I highly recommend the Blood Orange Manhattan, as well. The staff at The Imperial are courteous and friendly, and they will make you a great drink. Not into cocktails? The Imperial also serves great craft beers on tap and bottles, and wine, and you can enjoy them while sitting on exotic furniture. So the next time you venture into Sanford, do yourself a big favor, and visit the Imperial for a drink. Why do I love this bar? No Jager shots, no loud music, no Bud Light. Just great drinks and great beer in a wonderful environment.
This place is great! The beer is great and they make the best margaritas in town. The building and location is fantastic. Sanford has come a long ways. I really like the decor and all the wood and antiques
Love this place!  So glad to have a classy and comfortable bar in Sanford.  The interior is beautiful and the bartenders are friendly.  Watching them make your drinks is a treat. Appreciate that the bar is void of TVs as well.  Great place to meet and chat.
Who knew Sanford had such a sexy spot?! Fantastic drinks in a cool atmosphere and with helpful bartenders/staff to boot. My go-to place if I want to have a well crafted drink in the Lake Mary/Sanford area.
So much ambience and the drinks are original and delicious. Ask for the new Gin Smash - not on the menu but amazingly worth it - light and citrusy with a punch.
Awesome place to chill out, have really nice mixed drinks, beers our whiskey and have great conversations.  These people know what they're doing, and it shows. One of the best bars in all of central Florida.
Great concept and execution. High end drinks carefully made to order by hand, craft beer and a great fine wine selection. Staff and management are friendly and competent. A little pricey for Sanford but you really do get what you pay for here.
Absolutely love this place! When I heard we were getting one I was ecstatic!  The bartenders are super amazing! They answered all our questions and didn't get annoyed with us for asking so many. The drinks were amazing and original. The decor...forgetaboutit!!!!  I want to be a regular here. I want them to know my name. I want this place to be my go to bar...in fact.. I WILL make it all those things! LOVE IT!
I have been coming here since they opened and it has become like a second home.  I am so proud to have this fine establishment in my own backyard.  It's a nice place to recommend to people who aren't familiar with Sanford.   The ambiance is very hipster and I love how the retail side of their stuff.  It's a nice experience to have an expert make a fine cocktail.  No sweet and sour mix here - it's made from scratch.  I always seem to learn something new every time I go. They have a great selection of beer, wine and spirits.  I just wish they would get some blue cheese stuffed olives!
I have lived in Sanford for 3 years and never knew there was a bar in here! This place is decorated so well and is very hip and funky. I personally am not a beer and wine drinker, and the very small specialty drink menu wasn't overly impressive. I tried an orange concoction that was so strong it made me almost physically ill, but the hazelnut drink I had after was YUMMY! It's a cute place to visit, and I may go back again. If I was more of a wine or beer drinker, this place would be perfection :-)
Thank god this bar came to Sanford!  I've know John Washburn for years and have frequented his location on Orange Avenue before so I was excited to learn he was bringing the concept to my corner of the area.  He raised the bar at the Sanford location.  The interior is equally as nice as Orlando but the bar is a big step up.  They really did a great job building this bar!  It's beautiful.  But most importantly he hired excellent bartenders.  They combine a good level of sophistication missing from other bars in Sanford while still being very, very accommodating and friendly.  Unlike Orange Avenue they have full liquor and a nice selection at that.  You can spend quite a lot of time going through the liquors here that you've never seen anywhere else.  The beer selection is excellent as well with imports and crafts well represented.  The wine list is very well thought out and priced well but could use a few more selections.  Small gripe I know.  I really can't recommend this place enough but then I won't be able to find a place at the bar!  Worth the trip to Sanford.
Five stars. Yep...I went there. As a fan of the original Imperial location pretty much since it opened, I have been looking forward to checking this out. Last night we made the trek to Sanford (which is way closer to Orlando than we all think it is) and we we were not disappointed. Like the original location, this is a bar located within a Washburn Imports which means you can sip your chosen libation while browsing (or sitting on) cool furniture from all over Asia. Unlike the original location, they craft some killer cocktails in addition to the impressive beer and wine list. I stuck to wine last night but a friend of mine could not say enough good things about her whiskey smash. I finally convinced her to let me taste it and it was awesome. Can't wait to go back and sample some cocktail offerings when I'm in a position to get liquor tipsy (which looks very different from wine tipsy on me). Let me take a moment to mention the bar itself...I have never seen anything like it and it's beautiful. The manager was there when we arrived and he mentioned that the only element that remains from the original sketch is the built in shelving that holds the liquor bottles. Everything else evolved as the artist wandered the shop selecting various pieces to include. The result is amazing...I couldn't stop looking at it and it's worth popping in just to check it (and all of the other cool stuff) out. But while you're there...why not have a cocktail? We'll be back. Often. And look forward to exploring more of what Sanford has to offer, as well.
Love this place! Amazing furniture and a great bar to have some drinks in and hang out. Full liquor bar, wine, and beer. Low key fun and a little more upscale comparatively to some of the local joints around Downtown Sanford. It's right across from the main square just up from the Willow Tree.
