This mall has some of my favorite places to shop including H&M, American Eagle, Cotton on, Express Tilly's, Zumies and Burlington. It's a pretty good mall but could be better. The turn around of stores has been a common thing for as long as I can remember so don't fall in love with anything lol get it while it lasts! Some cute stores for the ladies include styles, papaya, Francesca's, rue 21, Victoria secret and more. The department stores at this location are Jcpenny, Sears, Dillard's and Macy's.
In terms of the mall, I give it 3 stars because this mall is generally empty compared to the malls in Orlando. It has a decent amount of stores and variety. My visit today was strictly to eat and their food options are limited in my opinion. They don't even have Pizza which is a must in any mall. I decided to have lunch at Mandarin Express and the food was 2 stars and that's being generous. I had the special which consisted of 2 items, rice or noodles and an egg roll. The noodles were mushy and overcooked. The Bourbon Chicken was good but the beef and broccoli was way overcooked and tough. I should know better than to go to the mall and eat but I thought my choices would be better. A plus for this food court is that they have a Nestle Cafe and they have the best Triple Chocolate Chip Cookies! They also offer a Haagen Dasz and for me, nothing beats their chocolate ice cream. Next time, I will stay away from the mall and dine somewhere in the area.
I've been a patron of the Seminole Towne Center for a number of years now and it has definitely seen a decline throughout this time. I'll agree that they are and have been making attempts to bring newer stores to this mall, which, is much appreciated, however, is it truly enough? Are just a few current stores enough to keep customers willing to come back consistently to patronize this particular mall? The exterior needs some help - the parking lot closest to the 2nd floor of Macy's has large potholes (which I'm sure would cause vehicular damage) and the shrubbery just needs some perking up, One of my favorite parts is the food court, it would be nice though to see a few new restaurants and a cinnamon bun eatery too.
Where Miami Vice meets The Twilight Zone. A solid mix of stores, including Dilliards and Macys, but there is just something so odd about this mall, it's never very busy, not even on Thanksgiving Weekend. There seems to be a possible mold or mildew issue in the Macys store, based on the smell. A couple of bright spots: Clinique counter in Macys (friendly and helpful staff), the MAC counter in Dilliards (one of the least intimidating MAC counters I've ever encountered - that's a good thing), and a really nice Bath & Body Works store (friendly, helpful staff - not overly pushy with the merchandise). I will continue to shop here as it's close and convenient, but, like some other reviewers, I think Altamonte Springs has better stores and a better vibe to it.
I been coming to this mall for years sense i was a little kid and i have always personally like this mall they have a good food court and plenty of stores for you to shop also there is a plaza near by with a bunch of other stores near by that had really good sales at one time and even though the drive here sucks sense i live a bit far away it is always fun to drive up to this mall and its only a few miles from Lake Mary. I prefer the Altamonte Mall it is more cleaner and better organize but does not have as many stores as this mall so i rate it four stars not quit the perfect mall but better then nothing.
I would probably never go to Seminole Town Center if I didn't work in Lake Mary; but if I lived in Seminole or Lake County, I would be grateful for it. The mall is a decent size and has a handful of good stores; I'm sure many shoppers would go for the H&M alone. There are some interesting things at this mall that I have not seen at others. The first is the train that circles the bottom floor giving children rides. The second is in the addition to the many kiosks throughout, there are also tables set up, selling whatever, that they probably rent out for much cheaper. Don't count this mall out just because it is in Sanford.
In a world of dying malls, the Seminole Towne Center seems to keep on making attempts to stay around.  They recently added a Burlington Coat Factory, and a Dick's Sporting Goods, both great additions to the mall, so that helps out tremendously.  The food court is lack luster, but you probably aren't going to the mall to eat unless your kids force you into it.  The neat thing this mall does have, for the kids, is a train that rolls the entire length of the downstairs of the mall.  For $4.00, they can get a train ride that lasts a little over 10 minutes, and is highly entertaining.  Our son drags us here to this mall for that alone (but since it is close the the ABC store in Lake Mary, I don't complain).  I still prefer the Altamonte Mall for store variety, cleanliness, and a better food court, but the train keeps us coming back.
Because the Greater Orlando area supports a large population, there are quite a few malls within a 15 mile radius of Downtown.  So I decided to check out Sanford's version and see what they had to offer.   The Seminole Towne Center, located off of I-4 in a fairly remote spot, is a bit outdated and was not busy one bit.  It's not in poor condition, but not up to par with Milennia or The Florida Mall.  The overall décor looked as if it was once bright and cheery but was now faded and past its prime.   The directory of stores was decent and I believe that most people would find something there they could enjoy.  For kids they offer The Disney Store and Build-a-Bear.  The adult stores were pretty standard and mostly what you'd find at other malls.  They did have a Piano Shoppe which not only sells pianos, but also offers lessons.  And they did have a Trendy Teacher store for anyone needing school supplies, games and great ideas.   The food court was also very commonplace.  You'll find Maki of Japan, Sbarro, Chick-fil-A, Orange Julius/DQ and Nature's Table.  For an after meal snack, there is a Dippin' Dots counter downstairs and 2 Starbucks locations--one on each floor.   If you wanted something more substantial, there is a Ruby Tuesday's within the mall and outside on the premises, there are many options ranging from Hooters to the Olive Garden.  There were quite a few other major and popular stores within walking distance of the Mall's parking lot.  Thus, if you wanted to make a day out of your trip to Sanford, you could cross of your errand list in no time.
Seminole Town Center is way nicer than the other Flea Markets in town, including Flea World. It is laid out like a mile-long bowling alley, so bring comfortable shoes. Also, bring lots of unwanted gold jewelry. They have an inordinate number of cash-for-gold places for an indoor venue.
Seminole Town Center is a bit off the beaten path, but it is a perfect place to shop halfway between orlando and Daytona. It has several nice stores, however I have to say that it is not the best mall to go to, although if you are in the area it is not all bad. The Good: Plenty of standard stores: You've got places like Borders, Dillards, and and Belk. So if you have a core store that you like to go to at your local mall, then chances are good you'll find it here. Not crowded: This place is a veritable ghost town most days, and only really gets populated during the weekends The Bad: Not exactly a strong mall: Malls like Millenia and Florida are very strong because of their unique and interesting stores. Seminole town center definitely doesn't have any cool fountians or features, and all the stores are pretty standard stuff. Sure, you can get your Chick-Fil-A on while shopping at  this place, but there's nothing that will make you really excited to go here. Overall 6.8/10= Seminole Town Boring.
Nice quiet Mall to stroll through on a Saturday night while waiting to meet someone.
They recently opened a Burlington Coat Factory and a Dicks Sporting Goods inside the mall. Definitely added to the place, as it's an otherwise dying mall. Also a new restaurant, Habanero Mexican Grill just opened as well. The Cinnabon is gone, and that's really sad because they were the last place around that had one. Altamonte Mall's went out a while ago. It's usually pretty quiet here. Not a lot of activity. There is a United Artist's movie theater right next door, so that probably brings a little bit of business, but otherwise I'd say I'm one of only 100 people in the mall at any given time. Still, they have a decent food court, and a train that runs around the mall for the kiddies. Oh and there is seriously only one bathroom in the whole place. It's in the food court. But yeah, I go here because I live very close, but if I truly need something, I make the drive to Altamonte Mall.
I come here very often and they always have something new or different. The food court is great even if you're looking for something healthy or a sweet treat, they have something for you. The stores have good clothing and furniture and accessories for anyone. I recommend this place.
The 3 stars is SOLELY based on the fact that I discovered the BEST STORE EVER, Papaya. That store has a 5 star rating from me. But this mall however, has nothing really in it. Nothing exciting. Just a basic mall. That's it. The only store I've came into inside of this mall.
Seminole Towne Center is located conveniently off of I-4 in Sanford. It is a nice, two-story mall with all of your basic stores plus some you don't see too often like Coldwater Creek, Coliseum of Comics and The Disney store. They even have a Fredricks of Hollywood, which I haven't seen in forever. The mall has a great food court which reminds me of Florida Mall, there is even a BurgerBar that sells beer. The Saturday evening the parking lot was very full but since the mall is so large inside it didn't feel crowded. What sold it for us is that they have kid-friendly activities like a play area and an indoor train that actually drives around the mall. For $3 my three year old had a blast riding in the train and waving at shoppers.
I am not a big shopper and really hate going to malls.  I do like Macys, Dillards and Lens Crafters and all are at this Mall. The have the typical Bed Bath and Beyond, Godiva and all the kiosks all long the way. They have added Burlington Coat Factory and Dicks Sporting Goods.  This is in a good location for me, just a minutes from my home so it is my mall of choice.
The mall seems to be lacking in stores.  There's nothing bad about this mall.  It's just...a quiet mall.
I went to The Seminole Towne Center about a month ago, and I wasn't really that thrilled.  It has some stores that you won't find in other malls, but they don't have a lot of them.  It's a pretty typical mall. It has a good food court, and the mall itself is very clean and smells really good.  I guess they have air fresheners hidden somewhere around.  That's a good thing.  It's usually not too crowded, which is what I like.  The thing I like most about this mall is that it has a Belk's, which is a store you usually wouldn't find in a mall in Florida.  I would recommend this mall.
