This shop is simply adorable! If you love Brighton or Vera Bradley this store is for you! I have bought several purses here and have been very pleased. They have some nice unique gift items too. The shop has a lot of stuff, but you can still walk around without feeling like you are going to break something.  I found the ladies working there were very nice and weren't pushy.  So basically, nice unique items, good customer service, and great location. It is not the cheapest store, but their products are high quality. They do have some items like candles, key rings, wallets that are a little more on the affordable side.
I love this little boutique it's a great place to find a gift for someone.   There was a really sweet clerk  who even wrapped the gift for my sister's 50th birthday when I asked.  I don't think they normally do that but that was nice (and it was free)  They have a nice variety of items.  Vera Bradley, Brighton, Pandora and   Alex and Ani bracelets !  All of the ladies working there seem like sweet people.  They don't hover over you when you are shopping.  Check it out! I also wanted to add that something I purchased did not fit my sister I took it back and return was a breeze.  Sign up for the text alert discounts and specials
I think the staff here takes the name of the store a bit too literally. Unfortunately, I did not have the same service experience as kim k.   My shopping style is pretty laid back - I only ask for assistance when needed. Maybe it was an off day for them, but I did deal with two different staff members and I received the same response. Both seemed inconvenienced by my request for assistance. It's a shame, because I saw quite a few interesting items - found they carry Big Buddha Bags, which was a recent discovery and an exciting find.   Guess I'll go to the Winter Park location - I hear service is better there.
I always have to stop here when I'm eating in this part of town. They have everything from Brighton, to Vera Bradley to yellow box to name just a few. They have really cute things & even a clearance section. The service is fine. Not too pushy & not too uppity. I will be back they are always changing & adding to their selection. A great place to send your hubby to pick you up a gift. Things from $10 to $300.
Went in with my wife for a quick visit. I was expecting that my wallet would burst into flames upon entering the store and was pleasantly surprised that they had lots of items with gift appeal that you don't necessarily see every day. The best news for me was that the prices seemed to be reasonable. If you are browsing for gifts, nice items can be had in any price range.
I can get good gifts for my wife here.
I dont like to be bothered when I'm shopping and I was thankful that the customer service assistants didn't shadow me around like I have had in the past at other small boutiques. They were there when I needed them, but they let me explore all the shop had to offer, which was a TON!!!  I really liked how many different options for gifts or "pick me ups" they have. There's something for everyone in there. Alot of the items I have seen else where but it's nice to have them all in one spot.  Prices were WAY less than what I had thought they would be and I did buy a few things. I will definetly be back there for holiday shopping :)
Thank You Linda for helping my wife and find the perfect gift. And for recommending Amura for dinner.
classy fun clothes and great gifts sales clerks are very helpful and honest
