The Winter Springs Town Center is a nice little area. It has a nice little walk on the backside that you can take a stroll and sit on some benches. Enjoy some pretty flowers or butterflies that fly by. It is no more than 100-yards long, if not less, but it is nice to go and take some pictures. The rest of the Town Center has some nice stores / businesses. Publix, Tijuana Flats, a gym, dry cleaner, pet food store, wine bar and others. There is always plenty of parking, or at least I have always had luck in finding parking. And don't get the wrong idea. This is by no means an area to go and spend an afternoon. You can't grab lunch, shop around at the trendy stores and then sip some wine later. No. The stores that are there are your basic necessity shops that you don't really linger and window shop. And the food places, yes, can be considered fast food. But if you are not rushed, you can go, grab lunch at one of the local food places, grab a frozen yogurt and relax along he little walk (if it ain't too hot) and then do your grocery shopping and go home. Overall a nice location with various services offered.
I have to agree with the folks. This place was advertised to death when it was built, for the most part it's empty. There used to be a Wendys and even that is gone, no biggie I am not a fan of them. They have Tijuana Flats, Huey Magoos are pretty good. They did have a hot dog place which was overpriced, not even sure they are there anymore. i think they even had a chrisos which is gone now. Just like Oviedo, they build these strip malls which is what this is, get all kinds of hype from the city and they charge too much to have a store front which is what it appears to be happening. We have store fronts in Oviedo tons of them virgin space never used for over ten years. How do these strip mall owners survive? In Oviedo they are building Oviedo on the park. Spent tons of bond money on it, so far a bunch of low subsidized apartments and expensive apartments. Time will tell what store fronts show up there. They financed that whole development with tax money.
It's nothing more than a big Publix parking lot with a few "fast" food type places and a gym.  There is NOTHING "town" nor "center" about it.  Oh yes....someone on City Council or the developer must have a relative that owns a stop sign company!  I counted 26 that I could see from one spot in the parking lot.  If you want to spend 10 minutes counting signs, by all means enjoy The Publix Parking Lot....aka WS Town Center!
The Winter Springs Ghost Town Center. This plaza was the folly of the contractor and the Winter Springs City Commission. The place was given tax breaks, building code accommodations, etc... so Winter Springs could have a "downtown". Well, if that was the goal, they failed miserably. Most of the Ghost Town Center is empty and the real estate company is not dropping the rent to attract more business. Too many businesses have failed or moved out. Even the Wendy's burger joint couldn't stay open. There are some good points. I LOVE the Publix there! The staff is top-notch and friendly. The deli makes a really good sub and the sale items are rarely out of stock. They just remodeled (even though it wasn't very old) and looks better. They have a farmer's market there on Saturday mornings, but there aren't many farmers there. People just buy a case of, for example, tomatoes from the real Farmer's market in Sanford and just mark them up. However, there was a couple selling free-range eggs and another selling honey. They were legitimate. The only restaurants that have stayed in business are the Subway and the Tijuana Flats. There is a wine shop but who knows how long they will stay there. There was a seafood restaurant that closed one day, with a note on the door that is closed due to the flu. That was there for a month or two and never opened back up. Another restaurant location has  been a Beef O'Brady's, a Mexican place and two or three other restaurants. None of them could make it.   Behind the Ghost Town Center is a city park that is well maintained. There is a memorial to fallen service members there. The Winter Springs Art Festival is located there. If you are local, it's a good place to shop, but there is nothing worth driving more than 10 miles for at this place... Unless you like looking at empty storefronts.
This place is the worst. Just another boring awful half abandoned Orlando shopping strip/plaza/center. Orlando in general is pretty much the worst place in the state. I digress, if you see this place, just keep driving.
Winter Spring Town Center has a nice, community feel to it. It has the Celebration-esque Truman Show style architecture that you usually see in new Town Center type places, but it is well executed. Compared to Winter Garden and Altamonte's attempts, it is a beautiful shopping area. They also do events here, such as an annual art festival.
Very convenient place for food shopping at Publix. We also like the Huey Magoos and Tijuana Flats. I'm a big fan of the China Bay's General Hsu Chicken. Me and the family have also attend many of the community events there including the Fall Festival and the Christmas Tree Lighting event. And, I like the Farmers Market on Saturdays too.
The Art Festival was this past weekend (it always happens on the 3rd Weekend in October, so mark your calendar!). It was fantastic! if you didn't attend it you missed a great art festival. They have some of the best artists in the country, some of the artists are award winners from the infamous WP Sidewalk Art  Festival. Except it is in a more quant location, on a beautiful park in the back of the Town Center. You don't have to fight the over 300-500K people that attend the WP event, yet you get the same quality artists. I know that they are trying to grow the event, but it is my understanding that the limit the number of artists to 125, and will keep it that way to ensure quality. This is a young art festival so it will be great to watch and help it grow! So go next year to see what you missed!
This has everything you could want in a small-city town center.  There is a cute corridor with benches & trash cans that leads to the trail. Parking is ample, and the restaurant options are pretty diverse.  This Publix is also one of my favorites! There's definitely a solid community feel, and they have events here occasionally that are very well organized, such as the art festival.
What is this place????  Most of the store fronts are empty and it seems to be nothing more than a giant parking lot for Publix Supermarket.  Very sad because, from the road, it looks attractive and trendy.  Once you drive inside, it's a whole other story.  Poor planning?  Bad management?  Unreasonable rent?  I would think that the powers that be in Winter Springs would be embarrassed enough to "fix" this.  What a waste!
