I have been here twice and both times I needed help with something and there is no one around to help. I have a Kohl's card and the prices are super good with this combination. Also, fitting rooms had no attendant and lots of clothes were just left in the fitting rooms from previous customers. A bit messy and the cashier was not nice at all.
Decent Kohls in a semi dead shopping plaza. It's a typical department store with clearances sometimes so it pays dividends to stop by once in a while to check what specials there are.
I'm a HUGE fan of never having to pay full price for something from a retail outlet and at Kohl's I win every time! Talk about some great deals. They are to-die-for! I love this location, and not just because it is minutes from my house, although that is certainly a HUGE advantage. The customer service is always above par, I love that I can return almost anything and the store is almost always (I say almost because I've braved venturing here on Black Friday) in immaculate condition. So many selections and so many great deals - what's not to like? Just don't let them weasel you into a Kohl's credit card. Although if they do, I will say that you do get some great discounts with it.
I went shopping here yesterday afternoon since my mother had a discount card, which was good for 15%-20% off the entire purchase. I got some nice shirts and 3 pairs of slacks for a decent total (I forget how much; she was with me and I think kept the receipt, which I don't have here at home). The quality of the merchandise here is pretty good - I easily could've bought much more here. The customer service is great - our cashier yesterday afternoon was overly friendly. The store appeared to be clean and well-kept. No issues there. I did find some items to be overpriced, though. There was a pair of cotton sleep pants or whatever that I would've liked to get, but they were $30. I thought that was a bit excessive for something I'm just going to fall asleep in. I think the ones that I currently have were $10 or less at Target. That's really my only issue from my visit here yesterday. Some items that I didn't think were anything special were priced much more highly than I was expecting. I don't believe these were "designer" sleep pants or what have you - they just looked like normal grey cotton ones, to me. I can't imagine why they would cost $30. Oh, well. I likely will be back here again at some point in the near future to look around some more and will update my review, if necessary, after that. For now? 4 stars.
Maybe it's because I don't have a Kohl's close to me in Atlanta, but every time I go home...I find myself making a visit to this location. I love it! The store is huge, clean and all of the employees are super nice and helpful. Now let's talk about the deals. They are fantastic! There's always some sort of discount going on, but if you check out the local newspaper..you'll find even more. And if you have a Kohl's credit card, like my mother...the coupons just keep on coming. It's lovely! Overall...whether it's clothes, perfume or kitchen accessories (I LOVE how they carry Food Network cookware) you're looking for...this is a store for you!
First off, I am a serious bargain shopper.  Some might even consdier me a cheap shopper.  Regardless, I usually know a good deal when I see one. This was my first visit to a Kohl's.  And during this visit, I purchased both my first and last item from this store. I grabbed a 50% picture to go in my bedroom, which I am redocorating on a budget.  So my total was about $15, and I was thrilled for such a great deal. But last night, when I tried to hang the picture, it literally fell apart it my hands.  The frame fell apart and then the glass cracked.  While I was holding it.   I have to remind myself that sometimes the cheapest option is not the best.  Ah, the lessons of redocorating on a budget.
I'm unsure how I feel about Kohl's.  On one hand, it is awesome to have things always on sale, or at least appear to be.  On the other hand, I think I would just rather know the actual price, than to see a digital display showing me suggested retail vs. their "sale" price.  There are good deals to be found, so I guess this is more just a preference on my part.  I do love their huge selection of clothing, and they usually have some good brands to go along with their proprietary stuff.  We signed up for the Kohl's card, and that is always nice as it allows for extra discounts every time you shop.   My other issue with Kohl's is just the overall lack of cashier help.  I can't recall a time I have ever shopped here where I didn't have to wait at least 5-10 minutes just to get to the cashier.  Many times only one is open, they are forced to call backups, and even then, the lines progress slowly.  In the world of retail, where Target always runs employees to the rescue for checkout, it is just a bit of a downer.   All this to say, it is not always my favorite store to shop in, but I know many times I will find a good deal, and that makes it all worth it in the end.
This is a nice Kohl's location, they have a good selection of regular and seasonal merchandise. The sale items are usually in stock and they have a good selection of the Keurig brand K cups (Coffee pods), which are a great deal when you buy them on sale, or use a coupon, or use Kohl's cash. Staff is friendly, quick at the registers. If they see the line getting longer, new registers open up pretty quickly. The customer service department is very nice. While I feel for the reviewer (Kate H.) who wasn't happy with the broken frame...rating this location a 1 star doesn't seem right. That would be a Kohl's corporate general issue. If you returned the frame to this store, they would have refunded your money or exchanged it out. I've bought plenty of stuff at various Kohl's locations over the years and in the few times there has been a problem, they have been great about swapping stuff out. Better than most stores out there, actually.
So, the only reason I dropped by is because I got a gift card. I mean, I am petite and shopping can be a nightmare if not at the right store. I love the Daisy Fuentes and Simply Vera line here because they do have a trendy petite line. Now, one good thing about Kohl's is that they have a lot of everything.  So I was able to pick up some cool shoes here as well as any other needed accessories. Kohl's is forever having sales, so the price is nearly always right.  I also received Kohl's cash--$10 additional dollars off I can use between a certain time frame for more purchases. I will say if I use this incentive, I'll use it online.
This Kohl's is almost brand new and has been open for only a few years. The couple of times I have been here it was kept pretty organized and there is lots to look at but there prices are not that cheap and sometimes there sale items are not as good as it looks. Came here one day looking for a gold chain and they had plenty for females but none(Zero) for man,no one try to help me find one some where or looked like they cared so I left. Probably won't come back unless there is a really good deal going on. Three stars only because it's a big location with lots to look at and I only have had one bad experience here.
I'd forgotten about Kohl's. Honestly I get them mixed up with TJ Maxx and Bealls. I'm glad I stopped back in at this location. They actually had some pretty cute stuff, overall I liked their clothes better than Bealls. Prices seem pretty reasonable too. I know they have coupons and discounts often, which until now I've overlooked. I'll have to start paying more attention. Kohl's is the kind of place that makes you work for that great deal!
Great place for bargains, especially if you receive their coupon via email. The only downside is the lack of employees and some selections.
Has some good things for shopping.  Only clothes for guys like me. Although some of the staff in charge of refunds can give you some attitude.
I always have a fun time while I am here.  Great prices, friendly staff and a ton of variety.
When did this place become walmart? It was disorganized and seemed dirty. Items were on the wrong rack. When I was checking out item was priced higher than it priced on the rack. When I went back and looked, items were all mixed up.  I've noticed this is common on my last couple visits. This store was very nice a couple years ago. Sorry it seems to have gone down hill so fast.
Altamonte Springs Kohl's near 436 and 434 was a joke; overpriced average-name-brand products...Dockers...men's pants casual, $44... and $50 + !!!!   Levis for $50 and up...Young clerks on the floor were too busy to help seniors or regular folks. In fact, the skinny girl working in the men's department at 7 pm on 10/4, with the ill fitting very tight low rise pants, did not once look around to assist  anyone...The digital price toppers were dark and you coudn't see them. The poor service, a store in disarray, clerks who have no interest in selling let alone helping anyone does not inspire me to want to go back.
