I already enjoy this park for personal recreation, however I have to compliment staff and the Volusia county permit office for arranging the easiest booking of a meeting room I have ever encountered.   I was holding a holiday meeting for 17 of my team members who were all driving in from all over the state - rather than have them couped up in an office like conference room all day I booked the Spring House at Gemini Springs.  The rates were incredibly reasonable- it had everything we needed (full kitchen!!) And it was great to take breaks outside with such great surroundings throughout the day.  I can't wait to book my next meeting , my managers had such great feedback this may become our annual meeting place. It was clean and in great shape despite having a wedding the night before.  All the park staff were personable and friendly.
Love this place. The trails are beautiful and the dog park is great. I love riding my bike with my dogs (I have the BikeTowLeash - awesome invention!) and it's all free to use. Wonderful park. I remember swimming here in my youth but I think it was closed due to an abundance of bacteria or some such thing. It's still a nice place regardless, if you want to swim in a spring then just head to Blue Springs a city over.
Pretty park! Nice shaded (pretty generic) play ground. The paths were fun to walk around. Lots of wildlife and places to pat up and spend the afternoon. Would be a great place for a family outing.
This place is gorgeous and well-maintained. A great park to bring your family or to have a romantic date. I've been to many events at The Springhouse and it's always lovely in there.
This iss just one of the most beautiful places in the area. First off, it's free to get in.  There's no swimming, but there is fishing, a great bike trail and lots of trails to explore.  My kids loved it and we really just had a great time.  You can even camp there! We may have to go back and check it out.  I like it because you feel like you're really far away, but in reality it's only about 25 minutes from my front door. The bike trail is perfect for a family ride.  We did a loop from Gemini Springs Park to DeBary Park and it was about 5 miles.  You can also go up to DeBary City Hall, but we didn't go out that far, simply because the boys also wanted to fish. If you're looking for a great place to explore, check out Gemini Springs!
Good place to hike and bird. It has a huge playing field for frisbee or whatever anyone sets up. It's a family place, good for picnicking. There's a children's play area with slides, swings and the usual play toys. Good bathrooms. You get many views of the springs although it's not a good place to swim due to potential alligators. From the main lot, a walk leads along shore, or along to the fishing area--many fisherman come here. Another trail follows into the woods. We often get lost but easily find our way back by backtracking or just picking a trail and seeing where it leads.
This is a beautiful place to take the dogs on a trail walk. They love the grassy trails and the chance to cool off in the water. I always let them off leash which you're not supposed to, but it's generally pretty quiet on the trails so it's a non issue. There are miles of trails, we went 5 miles one day and could have gone more. There is also a large pretty fenced in dog park.
A nice place to get away! Gemini Springs Parks is a great place in DeBary to go fishing, have a picnic, or just enjoy nature. It is a natural springs, but it is important to note that they don't allow swimming. But if you're looking for a cool place to go and stay dry, Gemini fits the bill nicely. The Good: Bring the Puppy!: Gemini has a fairly nice doggy park, which is sperated into two nice little play areas for small and large dogs. I've never really seen it too crowded, but there are generally a hanful of people in the dog area, so it's best to only bring your doggy if it is nicely socialized. Go Fishing!: As long as you have your freshwater fishing license you can go fishing off of the Gemini Springs bridge, which is quite nice. The Bad: Parking?: Gemini Springs is a big place, but for some reason the parking area is super-small. So even if the park isn't technically full, the parking lot might be which is definitely a problem. Gemini Springs is a really cool place to go and just chill. There's not a bunch of stuff to do there per se, but it's a nice place to take a walk on the nature trail along the springs or go fishing. Overall 8.1/10= Good Gemini
Today we (my hubby and daughter) spontaneously decided to visit a park and this was the one we chose. I looked it on trip advisor (its already an app on my phone lol) They had only one review, so I wasn't too sure. We arrived, not sure where to start and where to park because the park is huge! It looked peaceful. As the hubby looked for parking he mistakenly took the exit road, when on our right we see this huge field of green and a nice big tree perfectly settled in the middle of it all with a bench underneath it! We thought..."This is a perfect setting." We drove right into the field, parked underneath the shade, and enjoyed the beautiful breeze on this sunny day. Too bad we didn't have our beach chairs and blanket; it would've been a great picnic...next time we will def be prepared!
Lucious, green, and shady bike route for biking and walking.  Lots of people bring the pets.  I stayed at the Hampton Inn nearby, rented a bike and rode the trails. . . very awesome!
This park is HUGE and another park to take a nice picnic day trip with the entire family, dogs included.  The area for the dogs is open-no individual sides for small or big dogs, just lots of room for pups to run free.  This park is clean and there is a lot to do-barbecue, bring a soccer ball, fish, walk, picnic and enjoy nature!
Beautiful park to visit with many natural springs to look at. There is a huge open field to play in. You can go fishing here and even biking. I was surprised to find out that they don't allow swimming. However it is a very nice park to go to and enjoy a very nice scenery!!!
Nice playground for the kids but you can't swim anymore:(
Great bike trail, mostly shaded, which is absolutely necessary in this Florida heat.  Nice, big dog park. Springs swim area not too far a walk from parking.  Clean.
