What an incredible place to relax and unwind. The decor, location, & atmosphere is fantastic. I have never been in a cleaner kitchen than what is in the Orange House. This is a must for all of my out of town guest. Shows off the class of Punta Gorda.
This place is so comfortable. The atmosphere is top notch. The owners are wonderfully helpful and enjoyable. The cured meat plate took me back to Europe with authentic flavors. The tapa paired perfectly with our merlot. I look forward to going back and listening to live jazz and easy listening. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.
a beachhead of civility. Nice selection of wine especially by the bottle but nice all around. food is limited to small plates that pair nicely with the wines. I wish they would expand the offering. Some cured hams, german, Italian, as well as some smoked fish would be great. the pate was excellent. More then anything else the owenrs/hostess are wonderful. Knowledgeable and friendly. It also is a nice atmosphere with friendly crowd. Just go
We fell in love with it here the minute we walked in the door. Owner and staff are delightful. Decor is warm and relaxing.  The wine bar plate was generous and tasty. We also enjoyed the special scallop dish of the night. Nice wine selection too!  Live entertainment was great. Looking forward to a return trip!
Absolutely Go Here! Wonderful selection of wines. Delicious little bites. Do not miss the wrapped stuffed dates..fabulous!  Owner/hostess is such a sweetheart and is doing great things with the place. If you haven't been since the change definitely go back. You will not be disappointed.     I would have given 5 stars but I think they need more servers.  I'm not in a hurry when I go, but it does seem that the bartenders/servers have to cover too much territory to be able to give great service when it's crowded.   Oh, BTW, it's also very reasonably$..little bites are all a tremendous bargain.
At The Orange House it's all about the wine.  They have a great wine list ! If you aren't sure what you want they can discuss your likes and make suggestions. The Tapas are fresh and good. Live Music occasionally. Great atmosphere.
Nice place. Great food.   Great wine list. You have to check this place out !
