I was skeptical when I saw the 5 star rating on yelp, but this place really has amazing pizza. You can tell all the ingredients from the sauce, to the toppings, to the crust, are homemade and fresh. The crust was perfectly cooked, crisp on the bottom, yet soft on the top.  I went with my husband and in-laws who are all picky eaters and we almost finished two large pizzas between the four of us, they loved it! We had a margerita pizza and half-and-half of the primavera and ham and pineapple. Definitely would recommend if you're in the mood for some great pizza!
Went with a group of eight for dinner.  It is closer to a 4.5 than a 4.  Almost everything was excellent.  Everyone enjoyed their dinners and some said their entree was one of the best of that dish they've had. I had the mussels with white sauce as an appetizer.  It was so good, next time I'll have it as an entree.  The garlic toast with it was first class, not some hoagie roll cut in half with some oil and garlic, but slices of good firm bread perfectly crisp and seasoned.  Unfortunately the rolls served with the meal was so so.  I had the baked ziti with sausage.  The pasta was done perfectly, but the sauce and sausage was fairly typical, but a very large serving, good not great.  The Caesar salad was terrible. Other hits were the grouper piccata, eggplant rolatini, chicken francais, and the chicken portofino.  The sauce for the lobster diablo was reported as excellent, but the lobster was overdone, tough and had an off taste. We all said we would return. A few misses, but a solid Italian restaurant.  The pizza looked good.  I'd like to try it next time--along with the mussels of course.
D. E. L. I. S. H. Order and enjoy!! We have ordered pizza, salad and some pasta dishes. All good. Delivery is fast, even on busy nights.  One of the girls that answers the phone can be a little short, but everything else makes up for it.
All I have to say is, "Thank you, LORD!" To have found a place in Port Charlotte that is open after 7pm during the week is a blessing. To have that same establishment serve not only palatable but tasty food is a real winner in my mind. I was so happy to find a place that was open in the middle of the week I wanted to try one of everything that I normally crave: Buffalo Wings Meatball Side Mozzarella Sticks Small pepperoni pizza Small stromboli minus peppers and onion, add meatball and pepperoni The wings have good flavor even if they don't pack much heat and the meatballs have great flavor with minimal filler. I was happy with the first two appetizers but now with the mozzarella. It is not that they tasted bad, but you could tell that they were from the Sam's Club freezer. If I want freezer fare like this, I'll go to Sam's Club. Two out of three was actually doing really well at this point. When the pizza and stromboli arrived, I was very happy to see the browning on the crust and the browning of the cheese. They had been cooked enough to meld the flavors. Tasting the pizza I was happy. Simple, standard flavors that fit well together and sated my childhood-turn-adult craving. The stromboli was also very good. It was cooked all the way through, the cheese was melted and the meats were all warm. It was a very happy trip. I did return for a second trip and ordered a large stromboli. There was a bit of an issue with the heat reaching the center of this large meat pastry, but only one more time will tell if this was a fluke or the norm. And I will be returning. If you decide to go, just make certain you are going to their new location next to Winn-Dixie. While they used to be located next to Peach Garden and Publix, they have recently moved.
Been here several times. Especially for the  pizza. Always excellent. Hand tossed, and Justin the pizza maker does a great job. This time we ordered white pizza with sausage spinach and artichoke. OMG, over the top good!!!  And the veal parm is the real deal. Tender veal, delicious red sauce, and a side if pasta. We will surely have leftovers again!
Excellent! I'm in town for Spring Training by myself. Needed to grab dinner for one, and decided to give Bella Napoli a try thanks to the many positive review on Yelp. All I can say is DELICIOUS! The pizza is outstanding.  I ordered a medium cheese pizza, so that I would have leftovers to take back to my hotel room. Well that plan failed... the pizza was so good, that I ate the entire thing in one sitting. I waddled out if the restaurant with a smile on my face, and wrote this review (my first ever) before pulling out of the parking lot. Thanks for the recommendation Yelpers!
Thanks to yelp, my husband and I found this place tonight after we checked into our hotel. Since we previously had a home here for five years we know just about all the restaurants in town. But this is a hidden treasure.  Tucked into a grocery store strip mall we almost didn't stop because the place looked dark. But as we got closer we realized the windows were just blacked out. Place was really hopping for a Thursday night. We already decided on take but the dining area looked warm and inviting. Now for the food.... SOO GOOD!  Extra large (18inch) hand tossed with cheese and sauce. Simple and pure, with great flavor. Good fold over slice. Crust was a limo but I blame that on take out but still feel the pizza was great. We also order a small order of garlic knots. Little knots of dough dripping with garlic butter served with marinara. Hubby didn't care for them but I thought they were good and like the extra butter to dip the pizza crust in. Greek salad was good, lots of feta cheese, crisp cucumbers, good olives (with pits) and house made dressing.   Young ladies at the counter were pleasant and helpful. Great first impression!
Great Italian food, love the pizza!  Have been there twice and both times my expectations were exceeded!
I am an Italian from New York. Just walking into Bella, the smell and seeing the pizA maker tossing the pizza, I knew I came to theright place. The food is fantastic. Try the marguerite piZza the sauce is superb
one of the best pizzas my family has tried. very fresh tasting and the view to how they make the dough is fun for the kids. service was good and the decor was a good match for the atmosphere. will go back again. they also offer delivery
