I finally got the chance to eat at a Cracker Barrel! They don't have too many of these in Hialeah, Little Havana and certainly not the Design District. However, it is a cultural touchstone if you're traveling through Florida. This location was my lunch on the return drive, and have to agree with Sal G. on the pleasantness and attentive service of the wait staff. At first thought this wasn't a restaurant, since the entrance is through the souvenir store. Of course I took a picture for posterity (and facebook) in one of the rocking chairs, and checked out some of the kitschy cute decorations for sale. Making my way through the restaurant, I can say that "fried" appears to be the most common word on the menu. This was fine though,as I enjoyed a well done bacon cheesburger lathered with melted American cheesy goodness and taking up major real estate on the hamburger bun. My waitress quickly corrected a little mayo mixup and quickly made up for it with BBQ sauce. My only critique is the fries, since they were the thick-cut kind, and I prefer more of the thin cut. You have to try the apple dumpling too! Stocked with plenty of apple pieces, a crispy crust and ice cream it's the perfect top-off for getting back on the highway. They also have free soda refills. Almost forgot, they have Pancake Mix (literally!)
I love Cracker Barrel.  I know that a lot of people despise it; but I really do love Cracker Barrel.  The food is always made fresh and the associates are usually fairly nice and on point.  This particular location does not disappoint.  Located at Kings Highway and Interstate 75, this is one of the few Cracker Barrels I patronize that has more locals than travelers; this is abundantly apparent by the different levels of handicapped parking present.  Must have something to do with the age bracket of the area.   Every time I enter this particular location, I laugh inside due to the hostess.  She has some of the BIGGEST hair I have ever seen in a young 60 year old woman -- true, big, southern hair.  What makes it amusing is this lady's demeanor and thick German accent.  Talk about a dichotomy; this is somewhat like seeing Japanese men come to the US and dress in cowboy drag.  The appearance fits, but the demeanor and spoken word just bring it to a level of amusement otherwise missed. Our hostess sat us as soon as we arrived to the hostess stand.  Being consummate patrons of Cracker Barrel, we asked what the soup of the day was and then immediately ordered our meal: Beefy noodle soup with croutons Sunrise Sampler (eggs over medium, country ham, hashbrown casserole, toast, biscuit and gravy) Mama's  Pancake (eggs over medium, soft bacon, pancakes and a side of toast) Personally, I have never been a very big fan of the hams nor the hashbrown casserole at Cracker Barrel, but my friend and everyone else I go with seems to go GA-GA over it -- I just stay away from the offending materials.  And if you are used to poached eggs, get over it.  Poaching is one thing that Cracker Barrel uniformly does NOT do well.  Choose a different style of egg or don't get eggs at all. The beefy noodle soup is good and contains a peppered, beefy broth with thick, stout noodles that do justice to the soup.  If you feel you can make this a meal, get the beef stew as it has a better flavor and more vegetables -- the stew is a meal after all.   When my pancake breakfast arrived, I gorged myself.  I love this meal and will order it for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner.  The pancakes have a slight crunch at the edges that I really like and they give you real maple syrup to use.  As the oddity -- what else is new -- I usually only use half the bottle since it is very sweet; but if you want the waitress will bring you bottles depending on your sweet tooth.  The eggs, bacon and toast were all cooked to perfection.   I will continue to return for this good New Age Southern cooking.  I say New Age because it isn't as greasy as the true southern cooking; the lack of a lot of grease is probably why I like it so much.
So I have been coming to this Cracker Barrel my whole life. For the most part, the food and service is excellent. This visit was different. While the food was still the usual good home cooking, the service was awful!!! I work in the restaurant industry and I tried to give the lady the benefit of the doubt, but man she needs to work on her customer service! I asked for the biscuits to come out earlier than the entrees, that didn't happen. It took 30 minutes to get a drink and she never followed up. Like I stated, normally I love this place, but they NEED to step up their service!
What can you really say bad about a Cracker Barrel. If you've been to one before, you know exactly what to expect. They are consistent nationwide.
From the looks of the parking lot, they are giving something away here.  But no, it happens that this is the most reliable eating spot for miles along I75.  Even locals find their way here for the mac n cheese, greens with smoked pork, and mile high pies.  The gift shop is kitchen kitsch, and rotates its offerings with the holidays.  Cracker Barrel is also famous for its lines of white and wood stain rocking chairs, for sale for under $150 each, and available to visitors to lounge in on the long front porch.
Thanks to Yelp found this place while vacationing.
Truly a southern tradition, I haven't been to a Cracker Barrel in over a year.  A restaurant and gift shop containing good Southern/ Americana food and curios.  The food here is amazing and served in LARGE portions-I think I could have shared my lunch and still been stuffed.  The wait staff was also very friendly and fast.  A great value, my huge platter and my friends lunch was still way below twenty bucks.  If you haven't been, try one sometime.
I've always loved the food at Cracker Barrel. It's supposed to be traditional southern food. Well let me tell you that I am a southern bell and this is not exactly your grandma's biscuits n gravy BUT it is pretty good still for a chain. Typically, we stop in to Cracker Barrels along I-75 for breakfast.  We stopped into the Port Charlotte location on our drive home from Tampa. I had the Blackberry Pancakes and egg whites with a side of hash brown casserole. Everything was quite tasty! The pancakes were huge and freshly made. I didn't like the syrup they gave me so I opted for the maple instead. My breakfast was really good, the hostess who seated us was really a sweet and charming woman but the waitress was not so friendly. We got the absolute minimal service! She barely checked on us but for some reason, was very attentive to the table beside us. And her attitude was more bubbly and seemingly over-the-top polite with them and sort of a short, dry "anything else?" When talking to us. Didn't matter though because we are not needy people but our enthusiasm with her service certainly shined through in our tip. I am a great tipper and even when service is mediocre but not when it's just down right obvious that you are only waiting on my table because you have to! We were satisfied with our food but we waited around a lot (for syrup, water, and the check). I don't think I'll revisit this location. There are so many along 75...I'll just eat at a different one on my next road trip!
This is our breakfast spot when we head north to the theme parks. Stopped in yesterday and had wonderful service, very friendly and attentive. Our server kept checking to see if we needed refills on beverages and if we needed anything else. Our food came out exactly as ordered and right on time.  For breakfast their blueberry pancakes are great and eggs in a basket. French toast needs cinnamon - was kind of bland. I like that they have lighter, healthier options as well like egg beaters, turkey bacon, oatmeal, yogurt parfaits
Ducked in for some comfort food and to sit a spell in a rocking chair. Good, convenient, under-market priced portions of quality, comfort food served very quickly and consistently. I've been a brand fan for many, many moons. It started as a breakfast affliction, which evolved into full time respect for a well-run organization with mass appeal. Nom, nom, nom.
Bad bathroom smell when entering trying to be masked by the usual spicy smell of the store. Bathrooms were clean looking but smelly. Needless to say, didn't stay to eat.
Nothing like a great protein and fruit breakfast.   Never had I had a bad meal at any Cracker Barrel.   I had the "Good Morning Breakfast - 360 Calories"  Two scrambled Egg Beaters®, turkey bacon , cheese grits, and sliced tomatoes.  And a side of fresh fruit!
I was overall happy with my meal... Nothing stood out other than the service. My waitress was super friendly and offered some helpful suggestions. I ordered the fried steak which I cannot complain about. Every time I have eaten here I get what I expect. Decent food and a decent price. I just wish they had a beer menu.
Vegan options at Cracker Barrel are as follows... Breakfast - Oatmeal or Gritz, fresh fruit, maple syrup Lunch or dinner - Steamed Veggies, Baked or Sweet Potato, Tossed salad w/ oil & vinegar #vegandiningatcrackerbarrel
I have to eat on the road a lot.  I depend on some of the more common chain restaurants to provide me with a consistent diet of high fat, high carb meals.  Cracker Barrel, which is considered one of the top providers for both, has been a common stop for me everywhere. As a chain, this group is fairly good and consistent in both food quality and service.  However the Port Charlotte location is an exception. I have eaten here many times over the past six years and find them to be generally horrible.  Sure, go ahead and ask why I would continue to eat there?  Frankly I don't know.  I guess it's in hope that they would get their act together.  The haven't. The last time was the absolute final visit I will pay to this place.  The food was OK but the service was horrible.  Our server had such a big chip on her shoulder that she limped when she walked.  Granted being a server at a high volume restaurant can be a chore, but they don't need to take it out on the patrons, particularly me! Without getting into too much detail the lady was just plain rude and bad.  When you top that with food that was served late and then in an incomplete manner (sides came out after the main part of the dish-well after) you just have give up and move on. Look, if you are from out of town and riding down old 75 then try and pick another Cracker Barrel (there are plenty both North and South of Port Charlotte) to meet you carb fix needs. I should mention that the manager on duty did comp our meal and apologized for the server's behavior so kudos to him for that.  Its just too bad they had to in the first place.
