As good as it gets. If I could give Express Floral more than 5 stars, I would.  I called them sight-unseen to deliver 50 roses to a co-worker for her 50th birthday.  The individual taking my call was very pleasant and helpful.  After providing me a quote for the roses (the lowest of the 3 places I called), I placed the order for delivery 3 business days later.   Come delivery day, our co-worker received the roses and immediately sent a thank-you email to all of us here in corporate-land, along with a photo of them.  !!!!!!  I was amazed at what she received -- it far exceeded my imagination of just how it would look (and I have a veeeerrrryyy good imagination).  It was the most beautiful display of flower craft I've ever seen. I am sssoooooo completely satisfied with Express Floral.  Stupendously satisfied.  Exceptionally satisfied.  Mind-blowing-hair-raising-rockets-on-full-­throttle-lift-off-for-the-stars-into-intersteller-­space satisfied.  I wish they were here locally in Washington, DC.  Then again, maybe not.  I'd be there every week just to buy flowers for myself.  This place is just that good.  Hands down.   If you EVER needs flowers in the Ft. Myers area, save yourself some trouble -- call them first, sit back and relax, then await the happiness needle of your recipient to explode off the dial. Happy happy joy joy.
I live in Chicago.  Mommy lives in Florida. So, I called Fort Myers Express Floral. My Mommy's birthday is the day after Valentine's Day.   Do you know how hard it is to have flowers delivered the day after valentines day?  Trust me, its harder than explaining the colour blue to a blind person. I called 7 florists in Fort Myers.  When I called Fort Myers Express Floral, the woman who answered the phone did sound busy.  When I told her I was calling from Chicago, sending flowers to my Mom she said, and I quote: "We will make this happen". She asked all the right questions, Does Mom have a favourite flower?  What is her favourite colour?  What would you like written in the card? 2 hours later, my Mom called.  She was delighted with the bouquet.  Then she sent me photographs of it.  They did SUCH a nice job. I know that there was a lot more going on for this shop the day I called.  I felt like an important customer.   I will continue to send my Mom flowers from Fort Myers Express Floral, based on this experience.  Old fashioned customer service, with a can do attitude. Thank you for making my Mom's birthday special!
I called for a wrist flower arrangement for my mom and they made it up right away! Very pleasant on phone and in person. Excellent quality and price.
I ordered a bouquet for mom-in-law from the west coast. They honored Yelp deal I purchased even though it was apparently from the previous owner and not the current one, which I really appreciate since I had paid for it; they handled the situation professionally once they understood the situation and they delivered the arrangement I wanted that same day, which was fantastic since it was getting late. I'll definitely order from here again.
It is rare to see a business who is committed to 100% total client satisfaction .  I was extremely y impressed with the customer service of this florist. I received an immediate call back, in fact he went to extra effort and drove to my house twice . 5 stars!  Pat Deptuch
Big shop with lots of choices and very helpful staff. Got a little arrangement for my wife for her birthday and she loved it! What more could you ask for, would definitely go back.
I placed an order today at 9:46 am for same day delivery.  The website offered same day delivery and even had 14 Feb as a valid date for delivery.  Not until 2:40 pm this afternoon did I receive an email saying they could not make the delivery.  This is a complete lack of professionalism and I would not trust their website as it has a major flaws.
Had flowers delivered to my wife for our anniversary. I just told them to use some yellow roses and make something beautiful, and gave them a dollar amount to spend.. My wife absolutely LOVED them!
