It was a little intimidating walking into the store because you have to walk to the side of the building, but upon walking in I felt right at home! I am not a Wiccan, but in my youth I have dabbled in it and metaphysics. I wanted to go to this shop because of the rave reviews and I LOVE gems, rocks, minerals, and crystals (I'm skeptical about their healing powers but I just think they are so beautiful and they make me feel centered). It is a small shop but they are no short on selection. If you need any supplies for spells or rituals, this is the place to go! Even for those of us who are not of the religion, this place is just plain COOL! They had a red fox skull! Wow how awesome, I love red foxes! They had beautiful jewelery, beautiful crystals, cool books. But by far my favorite aspect of the shop was their selection of oils. You can pick up the bottles and smell the scents, select a few, and they will blend them into a small bottle, and you can wear it for a subtle, unique scent that will last all day! There is very reasonably priced incense. On the wall they have jars of gems, but I did not look at them, I'm sure the knowledgeable, pleasant woman on hand could guide you through them and their properties. They do tarot card readings and have a small tattoo studio tucked away in the corner. I appeared clean and intimate. It is just a plain ol' cool little shop, worth a trip for something unique and awesome.
Absolutely amazing place for a variety of needs and nuances - decent selection of reasonably priced incense, candles (natural beeswax and other varieties), crystals, and various trinkets. A large selection of books about "new age" and Pagan subjects, and of course a well-rated tattoo parlor (I personally have never used this service so I can't comment on that). They also regularly have in-house tarot readers, but they are quite booked so call ahead.   What I really love about this place is the herbs and essential oils. Want a rare herb for your tea? for cooking? for cursing your landlord (kidding, maybe)? They have it! I also get my own custom blend "perfume" here. I have one of the lovely ladies at the counter blend a mix of essential oils of my choosing and I wear it very sparingly on my pulse points or mix a few drops of it with lotion. I get insane compliments on it, it's super cheap compared to perfume, more natural and a little goes a LONG way. Being it isn't 60% alcohol like most perfume it doesn't just evaporate off after a few hours. The service here is usually super good and friendly - don't feel intimidated by the witchcraft/pagan aspect of this shop if that isn't your thing. There are many other reasons to enjoy this cool, off the beaten path little store, including a unique selection of home decor, jewelry, and earthy clothing. After Myth & Magic went out on Elmwood this is the only store in the area that heavily caters to this niche and boy they do it right.
In addition to the potions and gems and magical niceties that can be had from this shop there is a bright sunny corner where the body art takes place.   Whimsical, spiritual alike have a beautiful quality of color and design with helpful guidance from Chimene or Cat to create a tattoo that expresses you alone. We took my son for his first ink and, in less than an hour, on very short notice, he was sporting a gorgeous Ankh, conjoured by the lovely Cat.   Call ahead and appointments strongly recommended as the ladie's talented artwork is high in demand. Very comfy and clean.   Website: thecauldron.com/ocean/ho…
A nice selection of stones, jewelry, herbs, and oils... a good place to restock... a bit pricey for those starting out... everything ranges from the herbs beings 2 bucks a quart alll the way to 300 bucks for a very nice set of crystals... i say they are otherwise VERY reasonably priced and may they have plenty of business from me and others in the future
Amazing, amazing, amazing. Did I mention amazing? If you don't know about this shop, you really should. Rows of herbs, stones, and other New Age odds and ends for every type of belief sit on shelves around the small shop. There's such a great energy to the entire shop! Of course, the big thing here are the tattoos. Chimene and Cat are both wonderful people who work magic with body art. Give them your skin as a canvas and let them create beautiful designs - you won't be sorry! I'm absolutely in love with mine, and Cat was a total sweetheart the entire time. We talked about anything and everything to spare me from the pain of a four hour session (I only had time to come for one session here unfortunately!). Everything was done with a smile and she made me feel right at home. There's even lollipops and a Brain for you to squeeze! Don't even get me started on Cat's ever gentle hand, which if you've gotten tattoos before, you'll know that a gentle hand is coveted over someone who is heavy handed. Though the pelvis is painful to have tattooed - I won't lie! - she kept it light and made up a safety word for whenever the pain got too unbearable and my senses needed a moment to calm. Never have I laughed so hard during a session! It was the best. I highly recommend this place, but be sure to make an appointment well in advance! Also, if you're looking for a drunken tattoo or your boy/girlfriend's name, this shop rightfully turns you down. A tattoo is on you for life, and these ladies want to give you only the best while you're at your best. If you want intricate designs, vibrant colors, and high quality at a very good hourly rate, these are your ladies! Seriously, it's amazing and I can't recommend them enough!
This is a great little store, hidden in the back behind a hair salon (the door is in the back on the left side). They offer a great selection of jewelry, incense, candles and books among other things. The thing I love best is their bulk herbs. They also have quite the variety of oils. I recommend trying the relaxing tea; sometimes sold bulk, other times in bags. It's a blend of all your relaxing herbs and has been a staple purchase of mine form this store for a decade or more. It really works!
This store is a hidden treasure. All things esoteric, strange and beautiful! I bought a sterling silver ring with a turquoise stone to replace my old wedding band. It cost 15 dollars and is beautiful! Anyone interested in herbal remedies should read up on the subject, and then come to Strange Brew to stock up on herbs! They have an incredible supply of herbs! I have read much on the subject of herbs to heal and also to open the mind, etc. and yet was surprised to find here so many herbs I had never even heard of! Also they do tarot readings! If that's not cool enough, it's also a tattoo parlour! I plan to get a druid symbol tattooed on me in the near future and I will give this place a go!
