All I have to say is that I bought a dress with bunnies, squirrels and birds on it. This place has an amazing collection and the prices are a tad less than what you will pay at UO or Anthropologie for cuter and much more unique stuff.
When I first began dating my boyfriend, he told me that he'd been looking for a "future eccentric old lady." Apparently, I am that future eccentric old lady (no argument there). And as such, I think this may be where future (or current) eccentric old ladies in Buffalo go for their fabulous garments.   This beautiful store is a colorful collage of aesthetics, textures, prices and pieces, from long, minimalistic jersey dresses to frou-frou formalwear with silk flowers and lace. The accessories, too, run the gamut, from trendy pendants to vintage-y looking pearls (and are showcased beautifully in a variety of frames and clear-top tables). It's very eclectic, yet it it all works and seems to reflect one strong sense of direction. You can imagine every piece being in the same cool chick's closet. And when I say cool, I don't mean someone who looks like she was put together by Rachel Zoe; I mean like someone who brings her own totes to the farmer's market, knows how to pick out a slew of songs on a guitar with some confidence, volunteers for a cool nonprofit on the weekends, and has a decent recipe for hummus that she can make from memory. I can really only lay claim to the latter, but there's still plenty of time for me to evolve into my future self. And as I do, I may just age gracefully into her wearing something from the Dress Shop.
I think Ryan's review perfectly paints a picture of this store so I'll just agree with everything she said and move on. There was a lot to love in there. The one skirt I liked was out of my price-point but the jewelry prices seemed very reasonable. Anyhow, I was really searching for a cloche. The girls that were working there when I stopped in were awesome. The one ran to the basement to bring up a bag of vintage hats that they did not have displayed. When I didn't find what I was looking for in the bag, the other girl actually took the time to write down the names of several other vintage shops that I might try. Outstanding customer service.
I absolutely love this shop on Allen St.  I always go crazy over all of their clothing.  I'm almost positive it is strictly women's clothing and accessories, and everything is very unique.  A lot of the clothing shops and boutiques on Elmwood or in the city are pretty pricey, but here you will find pretty decent prices for the quality of the clothes.  Every time I am out and about in Allentown, I MUST stop in.  They saleswomen are always extremely helpful and sweet which is always a plus!  :)  The clothes and dresses range from dressy to casual.  I found a really colorful sundress in there last summer, and I've worn it many times.  Check it out!
