I like this theater a lot now that they have updated the seating! I feel like I am getting my moneys worth now. Before the theater was a bit run down and many of the seats were broken ripped or stained. The theater is clean and you are able to get in pretty quickly seeing as they always have more than enough people working. I have to agree with Jay E. that the parking lot is a bit small but the pros are that they have lots of places to go eat before the movie so that you don't end up spending a lot of money and calories on junk food.
I'm thinking I returned on an off day. There was no one to take my ticket inside, no usher in or near the theatre room and no one at customer service. On top of that, there were a TON of large boxes stored right out in the hallways (see photo).
We saw gravity in the IMAX 3D. The screen and the sound were great. The chairs were so comfortable and the theatre was nice and clean.
Needs some updating... I don't know whats worse the hard seats or the bowling alley carpet on the walls. The seats were extremely uncomfortable! If your going to charge $10 or more for a ticket the seats better recline...( Movies are 2 hours long these days) Talk about backaches!!! Concessions are VERY pricey! They need to also look at the sizing the Medium drink looks like a large but the "Medium" popcorn looks like a small! Don't get it.
Yeah! Movie time, let's stop and take out a loan! LOL No seriously...  My goodness, it costs us near $55 for four people to enjoy entering the establishment... To have popcorn, it's another $20.00 with a small beverage! We didn't need snacks, though... LOL Anyway, great environment. I love going to the movies. The hustle and bustle of the movie establishment and people rushing to the theater. I also didn't have to wait in the long line because we bought our ticket on-line and picked it up at the Fandango Ticket Booth. The kids and I hurried to our spot and had a great date night. Although we can't afford to go much, it was a truly great night! It was clean and the people were very friendly. #FlauntNow.
Pros: The only larger theater in Ocala. Pretty clean environment. Fandango ticketing Cons: The parking lot is small. The seats are old and do not recline.
This is pretty much the only big cinema in Ocala. Lets start with the pros: -Fandango pickup station -Express concession stands -16 theaters -More than just popcorn The bad: -Terrible terrible seats (don't recline and can't lift the arm rest) -Parking gets pretty full -Theaters are a little warm
Saw a movie here yesterday afternoon.  The screen wasn't the biggest I've seen, but it was still enjoyable.  I loved how much room I had for my feet--I didn't even come close to touching the back of the chair in front of me.  The seats were comfortable.  The popcorn tub was huge and a size large drink is a monster (I think the small size is comparable to a normal large size).  I enjoyed my time here.  I think I'll be coming back at another point this summer (and not just because the air-conditioning feels great)!  Also, just wanted to add--the sound for the movie was at just the right volume.  I really appreciate not having the sounds blasted at me for 2+ hours!
I love seeing a movie here. Large theater, nice staff, never seems crowded when I go. I live in a big city so when I visit Ocala I enjoy the peace and quiet of this theater. No one behind me kicking my chair and no babies at the movies. ( I hate that since it is so bad for the baby and for me to enjoy my movie) They have 16 theaters, nice! The insides are pretty and clean and I love the way they have the seating. All of the chairs are new and they do not have a dividing line of seats with a middle walkway. ( interesting) I guess their prices are about what all the others are so that is not a plus or a minus. I find it a dollar cheaper than in Phoenix for a regular movie but a dollar more for a 3-D so it evens itself out.
Regal Cinemas plays the latest and greatest movies and its a nice big clean theater but the prices for food and drinks are just crazy and absolutely not worth the price. The seats are not the best but comfy enough for a regular length movie but be warned a 3 hour flick will hurt your butt and back. As the best theater we have in town there isn't much other choice but it would be nice if they made some minor improvements.
Call ahead to make sure your movie is playing. They cancelled the advertised showing. The management did comp us two free tickets for the inconvenience.
A wonderful place to take the whole family for a movie.
Went to see Pain / Gain  Friday night and enjoyed it. These cinemas upgraded their seats a while back, have employees walk thru the movie a couple times to be sure no nonsense is going on and generally a good experience. The reason I write is that normally I go get our seats and my wife gets the tub of coke for herself and a bag of Twizzlers for me for a total of about 10.00. Ok I get it and expect it but she came back with a strange bag , they have stopped carrying Twizzlers. OMG So I gave the red something a chance and I thought I got part of the bag in my mouth. It tasted just like plastic. Returned the candy??, they called the manager, who asked whats wrong, I said have you tried, she said yes, I said what do you think, she said " I cannot say " Got peanut m&m. Sad, for these prices should get some quality. Trying to save a few cents when they charge crazy money for snacks. Bring your own...
