Wow - what a charming little authentic Mexican spot, serving unpretentious traditional-style food, located just a block over from the Marion County courthouse. Based on the abundance of Yelp recommendations, I went with one of the sopes (which is like a tostada, served open-faced on a thick, fried masa tortilla)  - and it was definitely the highlight of my meal. I recommend it with the steak (asada) and topped with their spicy red sauce. I also tried 2 taco varieties: al pastor and barbacoa (topped with their spicy green sauce). Both were great choices, with really good portion sizes, topped with onion and cilantro. On a side note: I recently learned that people who don't like cilantro can't actually help it because they are genetically predisposed for it to taste bad - sorry for your luck! Overall, everything here was very fresh with all of the nuances of tasty homemade food. The service was quick and polite, and everything altogether was about $8. I definitely recommend it if you are in a hurry, want some good Mexican, or are I-75ing it anywhere near Ocala with an empty stomach.
I have driven by here many times over the years on my visits to Ocala and was always amused by the name.  Finally decided to check it out.  This place is an absolute gem! Very no frills decor and atmosphere but the food was awesome!  Started with homemade fresh chips, salsa and guacamole. Perfection.  Our party of four ordered an asada quesadilla, pollo taco salad, especial de asada and shrimp el diablo.   Both of the homemade hot sauces were flavorful.  The green sauce was very spicy, excellent!  The portions were large and  I can honestly say that this was probably the best Mexican food I've had east of Texas! The waitresses were very friendly and attentive and the restaurant was VERY CLEAN! I will definitely return when I am in town again. PS - Be sure to try the pineapple water and the horchata.  You will be pleasantly surprised!
Yummy guacamole. We ordered three orders of that dip to even have some to spread on our giant burritos. Service got slow once the dinner crowd came in. We were the only table at first and then there were like 10! The two servers were running around and it was hard then to get a refill or the check to be taken care of then. I also wish they had put limes in our beers which typically come with them. Like the Dos XX. The diablo shrimp my mom got was better than my burrito I had with steak. There was plenty to take home and have for lunch the next day too.
We hadn't been to this area in 8 years so it was a pleasant surprise to find our favorite little Mexican eatery still open. The sopes are the best; a soft corn cake topped with refried beans, Mexican sour cream, white cheese, lettuce, tomato, and meat. I recommend the Carne Asada sopes with the Red Hot Salsa made of Arbol chilis with garlic and a hint of chipotle. We killed half the bottle in one sitting. Try the Salsa Verde (tomatillo. Jalapeno) with the Chicken Sopes. The Jamaica (hibiscus beverage) was of top quality also. All was actually better than we remembered.
Dropped off our son at college and heading back to ATL.  Found this place on Yelp and it is awesome!  Basic restaurant with fantastic food.  Stop by if you're in the area...you won't regret it.
Having moved from LA to Ocala, I guess I have higher standards for real mexican food.   We walked in for the first time to a person that was not on top of her game.  Our take out tacos were not impressive at all.  The chicken was quite dry shredded chicken. They honestly do not serve enough sauce on the side to make these tacos interesting at all. Update:  We like to give a local place a second try and did so today.  (for take out) The food is dry and uneventful to say the least. Our lunch entree came with rice and beans. Instead of putting the rice in one portion of the take out container and the beans in the other empty space- they pile them on top of each other.  Now some people like the two mixed and I do at times.  But why on earth would they do this???   I can't tell which one- but one or both was very salty.   The person working there had a really crappy attitude.  Maybe she is the owner?  If so, she needs to hire someone else to work the counter.   I won't go back.  I was really hoping for good authentic quality food.
I'm usually not a big fan of Mexican food, but I was pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed this place. One Sope (4/5) - I've never had this before, but I would describe it as an open faced taco. I could definitely tell this was made in house. The pork was seasoned and cooked very well. Steak Quesadilla (4/5) - The steak quesadilla was stuffed with a ton of steak. It was very tasty and probably what I will get the next time I go. A lot of the Mexican restaurants  I have been to have really bland tasting yellow rice., but the yellow rice that came with the meals actually had flavor. My in laws said they would definitely come back, which is a pretty big statement for them. The price was right, the portions were large, and the food quality was good.
I was driving down from Gainesville to Orlando from work and was looking for places to eat and found this place on here. It was ok, nothing that blew my mind. I had two tacos and the Sope and an horchata water. The tacos were decent but the meat was a bit dry, i had the pastor and carne asada. They weren't bad just not the greatest i've had and considering im Mexican i know a thing or two about tacos. I had a Carne Asada Sope, which is basically like an open face taco on a thicker tortilla with lettuce, cream, beans and cheese. That was really good, i would probably go sope over tacos next time i am ever there. Both the Hot Sauces were really good as well, which i liked. This place def does give you that authentic mexican food taste and not texmex but its ok and not the best place i'd ever been to.
This review doesn't need to be long -- This place made me feel like I was back in a real corner joint in San Antonio for the first time since I moved to Florida.  It's easily the best Mexican I've had since I moved here.  The barbacoa and al pastor are authentic, the tortillas are good, and their salsa verde and red sauce are just perfect. If this place doesn't survive, north central Florida doesn't deserve any real Mexican.  Cheap, friendly, and delicious.   I know I give mostly good reviews of places, so don't let that stop you from checking this place out.  The truth is, I eat a lot of places and only share my time to reviewing places that I think are truly worth getting the word out about.  This place is money.  Go!  Go now!
King burritos are the bomb and the queso is amazing. The service was also quick and efficient. So glad we stopped here.
It seems like we have so many more Mexican eateries these days than we did just 20 years ago, right?  So when driving by a Mexican restaurant, how do you know it's worth your time to stop in?  I'm not exactly sure, but what I can say is that if non of the folks working or eating inside are white, then it's gonna be a good time.  Working off of this politically incorrect theory, I decided to give it a whirl.  I kept it simple and ordered two tacos to go, pronto!  I got the asada taco and the lengua.  The girl working the counter asked if I wanted hot or mild salsa on the side.  Not sure of the spice level, I played it safe with the mild.  Either she was playing games with me or they're salsa is face-melting hot, because the two sauces I got lit me up.  Both of the tacos were ready quick, and neither disappointed in the flavor arena.  Damn good tacos!  Tasted like real tacos I've eaten in Mexico.  Would have taken pics, but they were scarfed down too quickly. Side note, the girl working here told me the owner has had this spot for 5 years, and that he also has a taco spot at a "Mexican flea market" in Palmetto, FL.
Great local eatery! Great food, good service and friendly atmosphere. If your looking for authentic Mexican food...look no further
I really like the barbacoa (pork) very much. They also have sopas which are good. Try the salsa verde, I think it's hotter than the red sauce. My favorite 'dive' for mexican food. Quick, tasty.
What a nice surprise we have here, just a couple blocks west of Ocala's Downtown Square... this is a tiny eat-in or take-out place with exceptional Mexican fare!  It's not fancy food, but who likes pretentious eats anyway?  Excellent quesadillas, burritos, tacos & more served by friendly & fast staff!   This joint is the real deal and the staff is genuine and sincere--they are trying hard to do a great job of turning out good eats. They'll keep your coffee cup or soda glass filled with a smile.  It's clean and neat, although not comfy (hard, fast food seating).  Gets busy between noon & 2pm, so try optional take out.  Give Taco n Madre some of your business the next time you hunger for authentic Mexican grub; you'll be pleased with the value for your dough.
Can you say Carne Asada!? Best tacos in Ocala, hands down. Keep up the great work.
The place is small for a quick in and out. I didn't like how they serve their tacos; Is the cost for cilantro, cebolla (onion) & radishes high or something? Because that's how we get served in California, the home of real  authentic Mexican food, Their salsa weak sauce totally water down ---umm the taco gusto is in the salsa. Sorry I've been in Ocala a year now and driving buy this palce hungry doesn not make me want to stop at this place. We need an authentic Mexican food in Ocala people could rave about. No offense to anyone or the owner, but the great reviews come from who? What is your ethnic bacground again? exactly no knowledge nohow of real authentic Mexican food. I think is more like everyone likes the dirt cheap price, but such small portion you stay hungry and I'm not a big eater nor am I big.
While the food remains more or less the same--pretty awesome, very authentic, Mexican style tacos and other Mexican staples--they've renovated and now what was once a pretty sad looking space (it looked like a Waffle House in ill repair, honestly) is bright, cheerful, and offers more inside seating. Apparently, they were doing well and decided to expand on the seating, add new bathrooms (which were in very bad shape before) and in general make it a welcoming place to eat. The staff is the same and the food just as good. Get the tacos al pastor with the salsa verde and salsa roja as the waitress will probably recommend. While the menu is not extensive, there are options beyond tacos, though tacos are what I have always ordered myself and been quite content with them.
I gave this place a chance on account of the great reviews on here. I'm so glad I stopped in. The area & the outside don't look the best, I think it used to be an old restaurant, maybe a Long John Silvers. The inside has been recently renovated & clean. There was only one waitress working but she was fast & friendly. I got the chicken quesadilla & it was probably the best quesadilla I've ever had. The chicken was a little peppered & there was so much cheese. The rice & beans were good, they were the normal kind you'd have at a Mexican restaurant. My boyfriend had the beef Sopes & it was great as well. A very authentic, fast Mexican joint. Of the 20 people in the place, my boyfriend & I were the only Caucasians in the place, I think that's probably a good sign of the cuisine.
I have to agree with the other reviewers this place is awesome! Great tacos cheap and fast. I loved my Al Pastor Tacos as well as a carne sope. Everyone else enjoyed their meals. Well worth a few mile diversion from I75.
Scratch that. The newly renovated Taco N Madre keeps the same great food with a spiffy new appearance.
Taco N Madre is THE jam for good authentic tacos in the Ocala area..
Alrighty, so I dont speak Spanish, so me and my gringo boyfriend decided to venture into here the other day. Walk in, theres Mexican everything. Mexican beverages, mexican advertisements and even a spanish soap opera on TV. The menu, to my horror, was also in spanish. The only word i knew was burrito so I ordered their Mexican bbq burrito. Geoff got the steak. They were both very good. The meat was tender and good quality, not anything like Taco Bell. They add a lot of cilantro and onions to it, but other then that its just meat, so the flavors are really bold. The burrito itself is the size of a small baby, so bring your appetite. They give you two bottles of mysterious sauce, one green and one red. Both are good but the green is kick ass. The seating is minimal to say the least, the price was great, and my waitress was really sweet and polite. Would defiantly go again, but maybe next time with my friend that knows Spanish.
Today we saw the restaurant and decided to give it a try.... and were so glad we did. We had tacos, tried the asada tacos and they were absolutely delightful! Very fresh, very flavorful and probably the best tacos either of us have ever had... and we've had tacos pretty much everywhere.... from Alaska to most of the lower 48. Service was fast, our waitress was a joy, friendly and efficient - with a lovely, happy smile. Atmosphere was perfect, comfortable and fun. We'll be back and plan to recommend this place to everyone we know that likes Mexican food!
Very original tacos from Mexico. All kinds of meat, and salsas to put on. My parents love the consume to cure a good hangover. Also don't forget to try the rice water. Great pricing, friendly service, bad location. Parking is minimal and so is seating.
This has to be hands down my favorite place to go for authentic Mexican food. I've been going for years. The food is excellent. You can't get any better than this little Mexican restaurant. The place always has people going in and out of it. Everything on the menu is really cheap. You don't get a lot of food but if you get two or three tacos or burritos it will fill you up. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting authentic Mexican food. If you are adventurous you should try the Lengua, which is cow tongue, it is SO good!
After relocating to Ocala from Los Angeles, we experienced serious Mexican food withdrawls... Until now.  Taco N Madre is a dive, but in the best of ways.  The best authentic Mexican tacos in Florida.  Run, don't walk, for a delish Mexican treat.
After reading reviews of this place, and having looked for good Mexican food in the area with limited success, the wife and I came for lunch today.  The outside of the restaurant (located on a busy corner between a Tire shop and a Women's Clinic) looks like many other taquerias I have been in, but the inside is quite comfortable and pleasant. The service was prompt and pleasant.  We were at the beginning of lunch time, and the place had a pretty good turnover of customers while we were there.  I had a daily special of two soft tacos; one chicken and one pork, and rice and beans.  She had a veggie burrito.  Everything came out in good order and pretty quickly. The burrito was certainly big enough to fill anyone up for lunch.  It had a number of tasty veggies, lettuce, beans, cheese and rice in a very tender tortilla wrap.  The server brings squeeze bottles of red and green sauce to the table with the food, both of which are nice and flavorful - pretty hot when tasted alone but not overwhelming when put on the food. My tacos were good but not great.  They have enough fillings (meat, cilantro, onions and spices) in a tender soft tortilla, but were kind of dry (especially the chicken) even though the meat had a good flavor and was tender.  I think next time I would ask for some sour cream or cheese on the tacos.  The beans were very good - not too runny or too lumpy, with a good lard edge, the rice was fine but not memorable. All in all certainly the most "autentico" taco joint in the Marion/Citrus county region and one I would be happy to go to any time.
Try the king burritos, you won't be disappointed!
Great place for lunch, very good food.  Had the steak tacos, carne asada and the quesadilla.  Food is on the authentic side but is a little expensive for lunch.
Very inexpensive. Shrimp el diablo was delicious. Will be back with friends who like authentic Mexican food. Music too!
Tres Bueno! Just try the tacos with steak and the hot sauce and washer down with a Jarritos and all is well my friends!
I stopped for lunch here a while back. From what I remember the food is very cheap, but tastes amazing. I think I got two tacos for three bucks. The service was very speedy for the large lunch crowd. I was in and out in 15 minutes. It has a very small parking lot.
Great fresh food. Husband & I each had tacos (steak, chicken, pork & barbacoa). Terrific authentic flavors. Hand made tortillas and tomatilla/chili sauces were good too. Not much in the way of atmosphere but the food made up for it. I would definitely go back again.
So good. 2 Barbados tacos, 2 pastor tacos, loaded Carne asana tostada, and a bottled water for $12.89! Both green and red hot sauces are housemade and ridiculously good.
