Quite possibly the very best, most-authentic, Mexican food I've had in Florida. Fact. A casual yet festive atmosphere, prompt service, and most of all, very, very good food--and very reasonable prices, too. Like many Mexican restaurants, they bring out chips and salsa when you order . . . but here, you get a tomato-based salsa, a smokey, mild, salsa, and a small dish of a hot cilantro-based salsa. And very good chips. My tacos al pastor were quite good and the green and red sauce for them (salsas verde y roja) were very authentic and tasty. The guacamole however, wow--amazing. Very fresh and an absurdly large portion as a side for two people. Alas, we had other things to do in Ocala so it had to be thrown out when home since it had been sitting out for a few hours, which is sad because it was soooooo good. If you're able to get some then take what remains home in prompt order, do. Or order some to take home. It's really great. The same business has an actual tienda next door carrying canned, dry, and other grocery goods, meats, and baked goods that apparently are baked on-site. They also have soccer jerseys for a few beloved Mexican teams (and Real Madrid, which I guess is very popular with the patrons?) and piñatas, piñatas, and more piñatas. It's a super-authentic and also very clean and bright tienda, to be sure. I used to go to Pepe's down the road when in the area for Mexican, but sorry to say, La Hacienda has Pepe's beat. Closer to the I-75 exit and better food, though by no means is Pepe's bad at all. I just like La Hacienda better . . . it seems more . . . orderly, also. At times, Pepe's can turn into a bit of bedlam and La Hacienda just seems to run like a Marine Corps drill or something. The staff is super-prompt and on top of everything, all at once, despite how busy they were. Very impressed with this place.
Found this place on the way home from Tallahassee. Incredible authentic food and speedy service! Highly recommend when looking for a quick place to grab a bite on the road. Plus - HUGE portions! We had the chicken and steak fajitas and ye grilled chicken breast. Both were perfect and we couldn't even finish!
You will not regret dining here.  Great food, great service, and great prices.  The food is always good quality and fresh.  We have never had bad service, and the workers seem to enjoy working there.  Highly recommended items: Chicken Wet Burrito, Chicken Chimichanga, Fish Tacos, and the Nacho Fajita Salad, either with chicken or beef!
Driving home to South Florida from a great weekend at my parents in Gainesville, I stopped for gas and a quick bite to take in the car.  I couldn't resist  a plate with rice and beans so I sat down to wolf it. I ordered the chicken chimichanga, even though I know that's not an authentic dish.  I noshed homemade chips and salsas while I waited. Drank an ice cold miller light and when the chimi arrived  was in food heaven. Next time I'm going to try the menudo which comes in a giant soup bowl! This will be my stop every trip.
I'm a fan.
Good service, but every single bite of the shredded beef enchiladas was a chunk of huge fat. I couldn't stomach the rest of the meal after three bites.
First visit recently left me bewildered. How could a Mexican food lover, like myself, have taken so long to visit La Hacienda. Excellent trio of sauces accompanied the chips. Enjoyed the beef tongue tacos, BBQ beef burrito, and the frijoles were just awesome. Ice cold beer. The 2 sauces that accompanied the meal were both delicious. And one was very spicy, which required an additional beer. See you soon!
Love this place. Great authentic food. Very nice people. Nice inexpensive lunch specials. Tuesdays, $1.00 tacos. Wednesdays, $5.99 chicken or steak fajitas. Also has a very nice market attached. Very clean and well managed. Meats, vegetables and condiments to make nice Mexican meals at home. Also many unique snack items. Give them a try.
Excellent new find in Ocala!  I have to agree with the original reviewer, the food is excellent and the service was great.  I ate breakfast there on Memorial Day. Two different salsas were brought out with the chips, one cilantro and one red salsa.  Both were very good, the green being my favorite.  I had breakfast tacos - one chorizo and egg, one pastor and one bean and cheese.  All were excellent! Along with my meal three more sauces were brought out, one habanero, a red chile and another green; to me all three of these had a bit more heat than the salsas that were brought out with the chips.  All of the salsas/sauces were unique, and all were very good. The young lady waiting on me provided excellent service; she said the restaurant has only been open for roughly two months. With a drink my total bill was $5.80, quite a deal for the quality and quantity of what I was served. Do check out the market which is attached to the restaurant.  You will definitely find unique items not found in your normal grocery store. Can't wait to go back thru Ocala, the restaurant is only about 1/3rd of a mile west of I-75, on the right as you head west on Hwy 40. I have included a number of photos too.
Great authentic Mexican food and Jackie was an excellent waitress. Tacos and tamales made the way you would buy from a street vendor.  Prices are reasonable - definitely a 5 star
The first time we came here, it was OK. The second time, after this, never again. Do NOT order the fish tacos if they have them on special.  Nastiest fish tacos I've ever had, frozen tiny piece of fish inside and flour tortillas, which they were wrapped in, were greasy.  The waitress brought our food and we never saw her again.  She never asked how anything was, and never brought us the check, I had to go find her in order to pay.  I told her how bad the food was and she said "Oh well...."  I told her we wouldn't be back and she just didn't seem to care and smiled????  I thought someone went to get the manager to talk to me but she never came out. Guess she and the lousy waitress didn't care.  First time I stiffed a waitress in my life!!! She deserved it!
Very quick with getting you taken care of, the food is exquisite, their horchata is amazing. The service is spectacular. Very good authentic Mexican food. Their quesadillas are the best I've ever had. Definitely will be going back in the future!!
This is the BEST Mexican Place in Ocala! Totally Authentic!....When you're one of the Only non-Spanish speaking patrons, you know it's going to be Authentic! Great Staff...Always Smiling! Fantastic Beer Selection Too. I Love it Here! There's also a connecting Supermarket! Thanks for a Great Experience!
Food is fresh and authentic and the service is stellar. Definitely stop by when you're in Ocala!
Best mexican food I've had in central Florida hands down, absolutely delicious. It is attached to a mexican grocery store that sells all kinds of stuff. Similar restaurants in Ocala don't come close to the caliber of this place.
The food here is incredible... they never fail to impress me on service and great tasting food. The food tastes homemade and everyone is quick to bring you whatever you need to enjoy your meal. Excellent place!
Writing another review because I went back and the food was even better than before. I had a ceviche tostada again. Fresh, light, tons of seafood in it. Also had three tacos. Lengua, carnitas, and barbacoa. Delicious!! The service is slow and unorganized, but who cares? The food and price makes up for that. You must try this place.
Great food, great people, great menu.  I'm here at least once a week, I try something different every time.  Everything I've ordered has been excellent.  My favorite is the wet burrito with shredded beef.  Don't miss their "taco Tuesday"!!!
Wow!!! What a great meal!  Friendly and informative staff with a great atmosphere!  I like the fact they have a variety of Americanized and authentic Latin American food.  The in-house made chips and salsas are amazing!  The attached store is full on awesome homemade pastries!
Great new restaurant. Amazing service, hellpful, attentive, suggest things to try. The best tamales we've found in a restaurant in Ocala. Loved the fresh tortilla chips (the make the tortillas inhouse), and their many fresh salsas. We had a party of 30+ and they handled it beautifully. Everybody left happy. Plan to eat there many times again. So glad to have quality Mexican food here in Ocala, FL. Thank you!!
Excellent food and attentive staff.  Food as close to authentic Mexican cuisine as you will find in Ocala. Homemade salsas (spicy green sauce is my favorite with the tortilla chips) and guacamole - not pre-packaged.  Cocteles (shrimp cocktail) are huge and very good - enough to split. Bread  for the tortas (Mexican sandwiches) come fresh from the bakery and are high quality. I have eaten there numerous times in the weeks since they have opened and the food keeps getting better - attention to quality by management. Clean. Spend some time in the grocery as well, many food items and beers not available at other groceries around here.
