As soon as I walked in, I knew I was going to like it. From the upscale country decor, high top, low top and bar seating to the unique deli and meat counter. After selecting a table, my son and I gave it up to three elderly women out for lunch and we bellied up to the bar. This was a better choice because we sat with two of the ranch hands that work the cattle that supply DISH. I think it really means something when you want to eat the food you prepare. They gave us insight on the beef preparation, the feeding and their stringent requirements. It was fascinating and made our meal more interesting We split a pizza and burger and both were plenty to full us up. The burger was tremendous and the pizza just as delightful. With either choice, you cannot go wrong.
Chef Ramsey couldn't do it better himself. Okay, maybe he could, I don't know. But I'll tell you one thing... "Dish" is a slice of heaven. I've been here three times over the past year. I live in Orlando, so I try to visit as often as I can. From their gourmet burgers to their to-die-for Mac'n'Cheese, this place is consistently amazing. I've never been disappointed in the quality of their food. The atmosphere is warm and casual, and the staff is very friendly; a sure display of sweet southern hospitality. Overall, it's definitely something you don't want to miss. If you find yourself in the area, don't hesitate to stop by.
This place is what I have been waiting for! All organic, great service, friendly atmosphere, clean and beautiful and right in the middle of horse country. I highly recommend this place! Great food!
The food and atmosphere in a word is just simply ....AMAZING !! We started with the stuffed Jalapeño peppers. Crunchy peppers with a creamy delicious filling.My friend and I followed with three mini 100% Ocala raised American Wagyu Beef sliders. Perfect portion size and incredibly delicious :-) Bacon & Blue Cheese Vermont Bacon and Point Reyes Blue Cheese Tiger( my personal favorite) Black onion, crispy fried leeks and Sriracha sauce Classic Lettuce, tomato and pickle with Dijon mustard and their Famous Fries Hot fresh Russet fries dusted lightly in sea salt. So good, we wanted more!! The service is amazing. Everyone was so sweet to us and very accommodating at every turn! We can't wait to return to try the meatloaf and Mac n Cheese...and I really want to taste the gluten free "Twinkie". This restaurant gets 2 thumbs up from us both and we will gladly tell all our friends to visit here next time they are looking for a really nice place to dine.
I'll disagree with another reviewer about the jalapeno appetizer - somewhat bland, peppers were mild.  Prices are a tad high, but the bacon and blue cheese on my burger was good.  Oddball ordering system and delivery of your food, but it works.  Grocery section has some unique (and very pricey) items.  Decor is very clean and somewhat eclectic.  Stopped in while out taking a Sunday drive for lunch.  Won't be a regular stop for us, but now and again as a treat.
Beef is Awsome!!!!!   Get the burgers!!!! Weeeeeeeee.    Only craft beer!!! Still great place!!!
Dish (The Blue Wagyu as the sign out front shows) isn't a gem in the rough.  This is a Tiffany's diamond piece in the swamp.   I came through Ocala for a night with no previous knowledge other than some off-color gibes from some coworkers (who were raised in the area) so my anticipation was fast food or a random run-down bbq joint.  I settled down at my hotel in the evening and my anticipation was fairly on point when I checked out the map.  A small flag slightly outside the city caught my eye sounding like a deviation from expectations. What I found was The Blue Wagyu or Dish... not actually sure which is the primary name as both are shown on the outside.  Impressions from the exterior are non-existent.  It's tucked away in a small strip mall surrounded by cow pastures, literally.  I soon learned (from the wonderfully welcoming server, Maria) that these local pastures are where the owner actually raises the wagyu cattle. The decor inside is fantastic (see the panorama I uploaded).  It's not your typical small town, rustic decor.  It carries a very comforting and more familiar (to me at least) ambience with it's more modern feeling organic atmosphere instead. Now finally down to what matters, the food.  Although the waitress/server/order taker was charming me on the pizza's, I couldn't deviate from what I was there for (and what was on the sign)... the wagyu.  I ended up with the 1/2 lbs Yusufuku Jr. burger and was not prepared for what I was getting into.  The burger itself had bleu cheese, spinach, smoked bacon on a brioche bun.  Now, I've had a lot of burgers in my days.  Big ones, small ones, bleu (cheese) ones, even ostrich ones.  This is without a doubt the best I've ever had.  It honestly takes me 1000 miles away to NYC and reminds me of Bareburger's organic grassfed burgers, except it's seasoning was absolutely on point.  The ingredients themselves were seemingly fresh and carried superb texture to compliment the outstanding meat.  The best part here is that everything seemed to build and flow around the meat as the star of the dish, just like it should be.  It wasn't drowned in some overwhelming sauce, or thrown together with some outrageously overpowering combination.  The details seem fine tuned to play supporting roles to the spectacular beef patty.  The end result is a burger which lives up to the anticipation from the moment you order. Bottom line?  The only downside I can find (and I'm reaching here) is that this is in Ocala and not closer to home.
The burgers are off the hook! No grease running down the arms and very freshly cooked. If you get the smaller burger it is cooked well done but no crispy, if you like rare then you have to get the larger burger. I am not crazy about sweet potato fries, yet theirs is awesome and nice a great tasting coating :o). The owner walks around and checks to see how the customers are doing and enjoying their food (nice touch). A little pricey for a burger yet, this is not your typical burger joint!
I would love to be able to give more than 5 stars. What's wonderful restaurant! Organic, Local, gluten free options for pizzas, sandwiches and desserts. Amazing! Friendly service, comfy atmosphere.
Yum yum yum! Such a nice, progressive place! All natural food, fine wine and other unique grocery items. Burgers dont get much fresher.  The cows are literally raised "out back."  Mac n' cheese is to die for! I think I will be a regular!
Finally! Ocala needed something like this place. Food and service were amazing.
After hearing about this place from my local organic farmer, I yelped it as well and was really excited to try it. Unfortunately, I am going to have to break the 5 star streak and give it a 4 and here's why: PROS: I love the concept! There should be more organic, quality eateries/shops like this. The only one that is similar that I know of in the area is Stella's downtown - but it's not organic and much more crowded. I try to eat as clean and fresh as possible, when I can and it is my hope that more places like this will start to pop up in this area - where it is VERY lacking. I like how it is unexpected and how it is not located downtown - so less traffic to fight through - a definite plus. I love the selection of artisinal goodies (mostly organic) for all your foodie needs. Salt bar was super cool, craft drink selection was not plentiful but enough. The decor and atmosphere is also casual, comfortable, yet chic. Definitely a great place to meet friends or relax and grab a bite to eat. The open kitchen looked hot and hearing that they hold cooking classes is super awesome and I would definitely love to take a few classes there! CONS: The service was very disappointing. I know this isn't a sit down/being serve type place, but the lady that was taking orders at the counter was very cold, unwelcoming and not approachable. For the amount they charge for their food, it would be nice to see a friendly smile and face when you walk through the door and perhaps a little direction with placing an order, especially when it's your first time there. They had a few pizza menus, but only one main menu printed at the counter - so you wouldn't even had a chance to look at the menu to see what you want while in line, unless you stand outside and look at the board and then you feel rushed to make a decision and the lady behind the counter didn't exactly seem patient about us deliberating on choices plus we felt bad b/c there were others waiting behind us that needed to look at the one printed menu as well. I think they should have a menu stand inside as well - that would help with the efficiency. The food was ok. It wasn't bad by any means and I definitely feel good eating organic food - but it wasn't anything special and when you order, that's all you get, there were no sides included unless you order separately. Their deli case was not very stocked with side fixings either. My husband and I had the steak sandwich and the panko crusted pork. I like the sandwich better as mine lacked a bit of flavor and I wish the pork was a bit more juicy. We will have to try the pizza next time. We moved here from Charleston, SC where many of these restaurant/store types thrive and do very well. We frequent a few while we lived there and was very happy to see one pop up here. I know many reviewers said the cost was more expensive than other places, which is true, but that really isn't a con for me since you get what you pay for. Organic food cost is not cheap, so that won't keep me from coming back to dine, try something else and give the service a second chance. Hopefully next time the service won't be so stiff b/c I can see how some would be turned off based on that and I really want this place to do well!
This place was totally unexpected. I would have never thought to find a restaurant of this caliber out in the middle of no where. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great service. I will definitely be going here again.
the sliders are the bomb and the pizza's rock!
Best burger in Florida and fine wines. Gourmet tidbits.
The food is irresistible; little more expensive than other places, but 100% worth it. The food is always great! I love that I don't have to ever feel guilty while eating it, almost everything there is on the healthy side and it is always fresh. I frequently go there for lunch.
Different menu daily. I had the organic tomato, Mozzarella and fresh basil sandwich and Potato leek soup. I really like their homemade hummus. Looking forward to trying more selections especially their dinner menu. They also have decent wine and micro brewery beer selecetion.
This was a great find when the restaurant next door had an hour wait. Dish is a casual restaurant, and it has about a dozen tables and a long bar counter. The menu is order at the counter from a list of organic gourmet hamburgers, exotic pizzas, and a list of sandwiches, with the option of a steak dinner as well. The deli case has offerings of sides such as twice baked potatoes, Mac and cheese, potato salads, quinoa salad, and desserts. There is decent wine and beer selection as well. The Thursday night we were there, it was hopping. The staff was very attentive and led us through the ordering process. As the tables were all full, we ended up at the bar, which was fine. I rarely eat hamburgers, but the organic part appealed to me and I tried the basil, mozzarella, and tomato with a balsamic glaze, on a multi grain bun. The burger would satisfy any beef fan, and the buns, all made on site, was wonderful as well. The balsamic and pesto flavors sang perfectly. The Mac and cheese oozed the 4 cheeses - like a pasta fondue. Yum. My husband had the potato salad side, but was coveting the Mac and cheese. His bacon cheese burger on the brioche was just fine too. The pizzas looked big and wonderful. All in all, a satisfying experience.
