A really great experience last night.  We had the Pork Jarret and Bourguignon Beef.  Very large portions.  Great taste.  Service was excellent and absolutely a great pace.  Allowed to enjoy each item without service person hovering to speed us along so they could turn the table. Advice, pick the Gratin Potatoes as your side.   Finished off the meal with a very tasty Crème Brûlée. For the quality felt that the price was very reasonable.  And as a bonus very enjoyable piano player providing background music.
Great food for the neighborhood; beautiful atmosphere but quite pricey when added to the event ticket and transportation to the Ocala thing, but surely a place to have a special meal for a special occasion.Great food, but confused service. We were given an outdated which we ordered from (and paired a wine list) then the waiter came back 10 minuets latter saying the entrees on that menu were not available and they could replace the ordered pork dish with a chicken dish. They eventually made it right but not to easily.
Excellent French with excellent service.  Much better with present management.  The wine is great and the atmosphere is perfect!
Four of us went to La Cuisine last night, and a very good experience it was.  My wqife and I began with a satisfactory country pâté, the other couple with a caesar salad, the lettuce nicely grilled.  We went on to a delicious grouper with a simple butter-lemon-white wine sauce, they to cog au vin and ratatouille. We were all very pleased.  Dessert for the four of us was crème brulée, which we all in enjoyed.  All in all, it was a very good meal.  No Michelin stars yet, but for North Central Florida a real find and a real pleasure. An oddity: the water tasted a bit off, as if it had an odor.  If this is Ocala's water, I'd suggest the owner invest in a filter in the kitchen (as the restaurant where we live has).  Or perhaps offer bottled waters like Perrier or Pellegrino. Noise was a problem because of a big, jolly family near us.  If you go, ask for a table in the first dining room you come to or to a separate space.
Mon dieu!  What a find in Ocala. Sean is a very good bartender.  Try one of his specialty cocktails. I liked the Vegetable Tangine, though it needed more balance: should have more green veggies, not just beans, onions and sweet potatoes.  However, very well seasoned and the accompanying cous-cous was well prepared
Food is great, fresh, and authentic~ price is good. Plus amazing service. Definitely coming back and with more people. I'm french and I haven't had that great French food for a long time. It was worth it driving all the way from Orlando.
Excellent choice. Food its awesome. Very good quality. Love it. Owners are very attentive
Nice atmosphere, good service but very overpriced for food quality and portions. Specials are not priced on board. The best part of the meal was the hot French bread. This party of eight won't return.
It's lovely to have a really good, if not great, continental style restaurant in town.  Now that Petite Jardin has closed I believe La Cuisine is the only game left in town. We've visited several times and have not been disappointed.  Meals have been well prepared, sometimes quite well, and service has been impeccable.  We've tried to schedule our visits when Bob Cubbage is dancing on the ivories, which completes the atmosphere.
Current Health Inspection shows Critical violations for hazardous food properly thawed, water source safe, 2 violations for openings protected from inscents,rodent proof. 3 at Risk violations. I've been wanting to come here for a while and finally made it. Cleanliness A+. Restrooms immaculate and not one bit of dust on the window sills. Everyone was polite and formal. I was disappointed that there were only maybe 8 entrees to selct from. I was told it was their "summer" menu. And the odd thing was, none of the items screamed french. I asked my server why there wasn't foie gras as a starter and they just recieved a shipment and I could order it but it would be seared and not a pate'. Even better!!! I was flip flopping on 2 entrees and the server suggested the pork shanks, that it was fall off the bone. I also ordered another item that was a special of the day. I really enjoyed that the servers refilled your beverage & bread regarless of if it were their table or not. The Foie gras came with an additional of a micro salad. Very eye appealing plating. The seared frois gras was fantastic. However, there were only 2 tiny slices! The additional item that was a special of the day came, and it was NOTHING like the server described at all!!! I sat there looking for him. He wasn't at any other table, and I waited & waited for 15 mins. and never saw him to have him return it. Being hungry, I went ahead and ate it. When I finally saw him, it was to bring me my entree. I told him about the special that he totally described wrong, and he said politely no, it WAS as he described and left my pork shanks on the table. He went into the kitchen, came back and apologized that he was incorrect and misinformed. And that he would describe it correctly to the customers from now on. Nice, but that doesn't help me. There were 2 large pork shanks that were in a red balsamic reduction. It was so digusting to the eye as everything on the plate was brown. Ugh! They could of added a little color to make it appealing. The server was correct, it was fall of the bone, but it was about as dry as it could be. (photo attached of "brown" entree) Because it was a Thursday night there was a piano player that was fantastic. And later a gentleman join him singing softly. Very nice touch. Over all, it was very quiet in the restaurant except for one table that was loud and could be heard by everyone. But what can you do? There's one in every crowd. Prices were too high for what I ordered especially the frois gras which alone was $19! I wish they were open later for lunch.
We went with our family after a special afternoon, and wanted to take some out-of-towners to a nice dinner expereince. They did not disappoint! We have fallen in love with La Cuisine. I got the New York Strip with a wine sauce, and it was by far the best steak I have ever eaten. The gratin is fabulous, and the wait staff are top notch. Can't wait to return.
We just spent 2 enjoyable hours over several courses at La Cuisine! Ocala is blessed to have truly gourmet food available in the growing downtown area. From the French owners who greet you warmly, to the authentic menu, it is first class all the way. They know how to put food and service together with a standard of excellence! The rose Champagne was a delightful treat. The appetizers of Fois Gras with Gingerbread and pineapple confit was a masterful blend of flavors. The Mediterranean Vegetable Tart was a delight of herbs and textures. Our entrees of Trout with Crawfish and the Lamb Shank with Garlic Flan was comfort food elegante! Finish off with the Espresso Gourmand and you will be delighted with the presentation of tasty French dessert samples with a lovely demitasse of espresso! Throughout the night, our waitress was knowledgeable,polite, and very quick to provide entree details... even regarding the garnish! If you are only concerned about quantity and cost, you will not enjoy this restaurant. The quality, atmosphere and cuisine is reserved for those who esteem them!
My husband and I have been twice. The bread is true French bread, absolutely delicious! You can even bring home a baguette for a steal! They are always very kind, clean, and respectful. In true French fashion they make sure you are served and kept happy without being in your face. The prices are what you would expect for a restaurant of its class. It's not someplace we can visit often but when there is a big event it is where we choose to celebrate.
We happend upon this restaurant while traveling from NY to FL.  It was a fantastic find.  This is one of Ocala's best kept secrets.  Marie and her husband was fabulous host's.  This is a 5 star restaurant.  We eat in all the best NYC restaurants all the time.  I have eaten in true French restaurants in France.  This is fabulous. The Escargot is fabulous, Duck A la Orange, French Onion soup , Ceasar salad and the Shell streak (cooked perfectly) !! We will look for a reason to come back !! Thank you Robert and Christine
La Cuisine in Ocala, FL Reasonably priced and somewhat interesting wine list. Friendly service. Restaurant interior seems to be recently renovated with a French countryside flair. Rolls served taste and appear to be "store bought" and ordinary Salad, very good with fresh salad greens and an excellent sesame/ginger dressing French soup was unremarkable. Baguette slice in soup substituted with sliced white bread. Bland onion flavor.. Pork shank dinner and beef short ribs were cooked to perfection, meat falling off the bones and seasoned drippings adding to a very good entrée.
Wonderful French cuisine, bit pricey
Wonderful time. The food was fabulous and the staff was charming. We shared the pate (excellent) one had the broccoli creme soup, another had the fr. onion. Both wonderful. The cod was flakey and the sauce with the vegetables was excellent. Make sure to save room for dessert. Not to be missed is the creme brullee. Certainly one of my best meals in Ocala.
My first time eating French cuisine. Have been back 2 more times. very good ! A little pricey but good .
Lunch here was great.  Family owned restaurant.  Good food.
Food is excellant, real French cuisine.  Service is great and the Resturant is clean as well as the staff.   The French onion soup is the best.
Good restaurant with some classic French dishes. A welcome addition to this area. Plates are sized American, not French. Foie gras need improvement. Loved the lamb shank with garlic flan (yes, "garlic flan"). Wine list needs improvement. Tasted three moderately priced french wines - all three was off in acid balance. Stick with their American wines.
Love this restaurant. Service varies but the food and wine are great!
Ocala is a difficult town to find good food.  The chains dominate.  I was excited to find a French restaurant in Ocala.  I never had a good to very good meal in Ocala. This was our 3rd visit and I was looking forward to a very good culinary treat.  Sadly it did not occur.  The food was average, along with the service. The cheese platter was good but keebler crackers should not be a part of the platter.  Keebler crackers? My duck dish was bland, the cognac sauce was tasteless.  The beef bourguignon was good but lacked nuances and spices.  It had no potatoes in it, only carrots and pearl onions.  Sides with the beef bourguignon?  Never saw that in a French restaurant. The menu is too long and includes Caesar salad, chicken linguine and a burger.  Those dishes should never appear on a French menu. Disappointing. The food is rushed to the table, which is not the French way. La Cuisine and other Ocala restaurants rush the meal, in and out in a hour.  Terrible. Perhaps the owners need to rethink their concept, French or just another Ocala restaurant. The wine list was decent but not enough to make this a 4 or 5 star restaurant.  Sad.
This is a great spot. The owner is lovely and offers a warm French welcome upon arrival. Great traditional French items on the menu and overall a really nice experience. Merci!
Food is great( stick with the meat).  Hospitality from management/owners is great.  Service and wine knowledge needs work but the food is worth it.
My husband and I wanted a quiet night out from the kids and found the perfect place. The atmosphere was perfect, the wine was good, the food was great, the service was excellent and the prices weren't bad either. I highly recommend.
Quick update. Now they have a full bar with specialty cocktails. Again had a great meal. Started with sesame shrimp and ginger, seared ahi tuna salad, entres were the two specials. Short ribs with chili ginger sauce and ostrich sliced with grilled veges and mashed potato. All items ordered cooked perfectly, tasting wonderful, attentive service by Brittany. All of the above with two starter cocktails and one glass of wine approx 120.00  with tip. Happy to pay.  Check it out...
