Well, the food is big, anyway, and the people are really nice. It's kinda like eating in the lunchroom in 7th grade: nobody is going to die, and you're better off dreaming about the cheerleaders.
This is a must try! Between the 10 of us we had variety of the menu items and everything was excellent.   I would recommend early reservations it became very busy around 6:15.
Recently had my second meal at the Braised Onion which was even better than the first!  Love the low key atmosphere & the mellow decor.  The service has been outstanding on both occasions, they offer happy hour & the menu offers Southern comfort any way you like it.  (May I recommend the Fried Green Tomatoes with a side of Cheese Grits & the Meatloaf with Creamy Potatoes ?) I was also able to ask their manager, Hope, about bringing in my business partners to hold meetings & opportunity functions , to which she smiled and said YES!    My Rodan & Fields team and I WILL RETURN Braised Onion !
We were visiting my grandmother in Ocala from Raleigh, NC and after a weekend of fried pub food, I decided to take charge and pick the restaurant.  I found The Braised Onion on yelp and informed my group that we were going there for dinner.  What a gem!  The food was exceptional and pleased my older american-cuisine-loving crowd (there were some great looking Asian places my wife and I wanted to try, but that was right out for my group) as well as filling my need for just good non-greasy cooking.  I think that is the true beauty of the place, great food that can also appease whatever elderly relative you are visiting in Ocala. The atmosphere was very festive (there was a wedding reception going on in a private room), but definitely a hopping place for Ocala which tends to have more hip replacements than hip places, I think.  I called at 6 to see if we could get a party of 10 in at 7 (on a Saturday night), and they clearly had to scramble, but made it happen.  The staff that helped us including Makenzie up front and our waiter Tony were both phenomenal.  They were very apologetic that we had to wait 5 minutes even though I made reservations for a huge party 1 hour beforehand and there was a wedding reception going on. The food was great.  We had ages ranging from 2 and 1/2 to 90, and everybody agreed it was the best meal all weekend.  The prices were about the same as other places we had eaten (Horse and Hounds and the Tilted Kilt) but the quality was much higher.  I had the pecan encrusted salmon with macaroni and cheese and a side salad.  My meal was fantastic.  I also tried the fried green tomatoes which was fine but not something to go out of your way for.  The mac n cheese was a hit with every person.  The chicken pot pie was excellent along with the sweet potato fries.  The children's menu was great with healthy, delicious options. 5 Stars, excellent.
The Braised Onion was ok, not great nor bad, and I can see why people love it or hate it.  The menu is basic diner with a few fancy twists.  The ambiance is quite nice actually, very calming and tranquil. I had a prime rib which was quite tough;  the crab cakes were extremely mushy (but tasted very good, just bad texture).   Bread pudding, mac/cheese and "grilled" veggies were very good but the veggies were probably too oily for anyone with an imagined allergy to oil.  Service and pacing was very good.  They also have free Wifi which is welcomed by us single diners. Finished about 8:30, looked up and only one other table was going.  They closed at 9! This location seems always to have the same type of restaurant.
I was pleasantly surprised by the outstanding quality of the jazzy/blue singer performing during our Saturday evening dinner here. I forget his name, but the wait staff raved about him as one of their best acts. It made for a pleasant ambience to catch up with family. The food was good but not spectacular ... the macaroni and fried onion were excellent bets (and though "country fried filet mignon" sounded more refined than plain old "country fried steak", it essentially amounted to the same type of dish at a higher price point). This place was a great find overall - we enjoyed it and would definitely go back!
One of the best restaurants in Ocala, especially since losing Bella Luna.  The staff is highly attentive and professional, the food is always fresh, and they even offer a half portioned section of the menu, if you would like to share a few different mains.  Once you go in, the owners make you feel like your part of the family, and everything just falls into sync.
Four of us had a wonderful experience.  The food was excellent.  The chicken-fried filet mignon melted in my mouth.  The fried onion loaf was sad good as the original Tony Roma's.  The Princess Di bread pudding was delicious.  Service was excellent and the prices were reasonable.
Heartily recommended.  Braised Onion is a moderately upscale restaurant with good menu variety, reasonable prices and good service.  We had French onion soup, penne ala vodka and pasta primavera - all excellent. Unlike another reviewer's experience, our waiter was attentive, drinks and food were served promptly, and the quality outstanding.
Went here with friends for Valentines Day. Very busy, we were told over 500 reservations, had to wait a bit for our reserved table. It was worth the wait! The Braised Onion app is a must have.....delicious. The Pot Pie and Filet were both cooked to perfection. Aside from the crowd a very nice meal.
I'm sorry to say, but I feel this is overrated. I have tried this three times and not happy each time. Onion soup was too salty to eat( and I like salt) wait staff tried it and agreed. Mac and cheese was flavorless. Next time I got the special it was a shrimp dish - shrimp were completely mushy but the salad that came with it was very good. The last time I order another soup and when I got it it had a glass type stone in it. The only place they have these stones are out front. I can ONLY assume it was off another person's table- was "topped off" and reserved. The supervisor couldn't explain it any other way, so I'm done!
From the star we felt rushed. We weren't even seated and the server wanted our drink order. We ordered the award winning jumbo cakes. No jumbo crab. Oil under cooked. Swimming in sauce. Salad good. Entree had good taste. But could have been microwaved a bit more.. Not sure if it deserves a repeat
My brother and his wife brought me and my parents here for lunch and it was awesome! Everything from the service to food was excellent! If you order an appetizer, try the fried green tomatoes. When we go to visit, this is most definitely the place we'll be coming back to!
While on a visit to my mother in Ocala, I was taken to her favorite restaurant in town, the Braised Onion. We had a marvelous meal, and the prices seemed so reasonable compared with the Washington DC prices I am used to. Pleasant ambiance, delicious food, and attentive service. The lobster bisque was perfect. My dessert of trifle will live long in my memory. Chef Felix stopped by our table to receive our compliments.
The Braised Onion was our last hope to find a good meal in Ocala, a wish that has never been realized.  It came closer than others but it is still below par. Like many Ocala eateries, they rush the food to the table.  We managed to stay there 2 hours with a variety of stall tactics. We outlasted diners who were seated as much as a half hour after we arrived. Terrible. The food was okay but not very creative or flavorful.  The chicken pot pie was good, the lemon chicken was good.  My prime rib was okay.  The mac and cheese was okay. We were looking for more than okay and good and we never found it. The place has potential but needs to be more creative.  Slow down the pace.  The sides need to be shortened.  Why order the soup off the app list if they are giving it away for free with the entree?  Makes no sense. Why must everything be quick?  Why must everything lack nuances and flavors?  There's no excuse for that.
We were looking for something just a little different and found it. Nice little place in a nice area. Food was very good, but the service was better. We were met outside by the hostess who greeted us with a big smile and an open door. Quickly sown tour table, and our server came over and got things started promptly. Only compliant  I have is the menu selection. Not a lot of variety. But good specials ( I had veal Marsala -- very good). Nice experience overall. We will certainly go back.
If you want a meal catering to the old High Towers crowd - predictable, overcooked & bland - this is the place for you.
Went last night with a group of 14 for one of the couples anniversary celebration. Food was outstanding as was the service provided to us by Jeannie. She was the best. I had meatloaf (outstanding), green beans with prosciutto, mashed potatoes (real potatoes) small side of Mac and cheese (the best ever). On a scale of 1 to 10 the food was a 10, server Jeannie was the most attentive  and was also a 10 all the other meals were outstanding.
For Mother's Day there was only a brunch available - $35/adult including one mimosa. The great items I tried from the buffet were the shrimp and grits and the prime rib. The other food available included lamb, an omelet station, eggs benedict, macaroni and cheese, lemon chicken, yellow tail stuffed with crab, meatloaf, some other sides, and a plethora of desserts.  These were all okay but not worth the money. I would recommend ordering an entree rather than the buffet because the food and presentation are probably better when the food is not mass produced. The servers were all super friendly and I'll give it another try when I can check out the live music and order off the menu.
The service was great. The wait staff was fast, nice, and didn't make me feel rushed. I had the baked mac n cheese. It was good, don't get me wrong, but there was WAY too much oil in it. I personally thought it was too heavy for me, even though it it tasted pretty good.
As usual the food was excellent..Leg of lamb and Chicken Marsala...of course delicios mac and cheese and home made banana nut bread. Service was wonderful as usual.
Great experience! My family and I went to the braised onion while on vacation in Ocala forest. We booked our reservation on open table app. While arriving we were seated promptly in the preferred section we had asked for. Our waitress was mason who was excellent. For appetizers we ordered the fried green tomatoes and they disappeared in less than 60 seconds. Definitely something to get every time! The quality of the food was top notch. Everyone's meals were fantastic as well. The prime rib was amazing. Overall a great dinner. Highly recommended if you are visiting the Ocala area. 5 stars braised onion!!!!!
We took a little road trip up to Ocala to pick up a motorcycle for my husband. Of course it started to downpour before we could even attempt to drive back to Orlando, so we detoured to The Braised Onion to dry out. The atmosphere is moody and they had live music playing this particular Friday night. Our server was friendly and attentive. We ordered the Lobster bisque and poached pear salad. The bisque was amazing! The salad was very very good and a huge portion for only $7. They could have easily charged $12-14 for it. The pears were very good, but I think it would have been better grilled. It's hard to tell the difference between poached pear and canned pear.... We also ordered the crab cakes, fried green tomatoes, and onion strings (pressed into a loaf) to share. Everything was delicious! Definitely worth the stop if you're in the area!
Our first visit was a nasty raining night. Everyone was most pleasant. Our reservation was for 7 pm. Taken promptly. All food, from appetizers to main course was excellent!  Cooked to perfection and served in proper time and hot. Servings were generous and the rolls were simply outstanding !! With the guitar playing and the normal background noise, it was rather difficult to carry on a normal conversation. If you're hearing impaired, it wouldn't be fun. We shall return!!!
Not impressed by this place or the food.  We went on a busy Saturday and waited for awhile before even getting water.  The food came out slowly and presentation of food horrible just piled onto the plate. Also not at all a child friendly place with no changing table in bathroom. Just very disappointing from beginning to end and for the price even more disappointing.
Good overall but missed on the details. Mashed potatoes were institutional. Mac & cheese was great. Meatloaf was standard.
Found this place while on a road trip south.  It was excellent!  You have to get the onion soup.  Lobster bisque was ok, but not the best.  Beers were small and service was a little slow, but if it was closer, I would go back just for the onion soup.
