My husband and I were in town visiting family and decided to find a local place for breakfast. Our waitress was excellent as we're the other waitresses in the area, they all made sure we were quickly taken care of. I ordered the croissant french toast and my husband had the western scramble. The french toast was AMAZING, but I'm glad I requested the blueberry compote on the side as I didn't think it needed it. My husband liked his meal, but said there was a little too much cheddar on the eggs for his taste, and that he would have preferred regular hash browns over the hash brown casserole. Overall we were impressed and plan to come back next time we are in town.
Good service and good food. It did take close to 45 minutes for the food to be served. I do realize that it was Sunday and they were busy but I think they should be prepared. I ordered the Triple Crown and it was what I expected. Nothing extraordinary. But good. However I will come back and give it another try.
Best breakfast restaurant we've found in Ocala!  Clean , friendly with a huge breakfast menu! Lunch menu is small but has a good selection!
A neighbor told us about this place and we gave it a try.   Long story short- we arrived and I was not impressed from the beginning.  It's in a strip mall and had the strip mall vibe when we walked in.   First of all, we were completely ignored upon arriving.  We were not sure if we were supposed to find a seat or wait to be seated.  When we were finally acknowledged, we asked if they served breakfast all day.  We were told that they do, but that they do not serve pancakes or waffles.   The seating is horrible- no booths.  The tables are crammed together and you can literally hear everything everyone around you is talking about.   It took about 8 minutes to get a sever over and probably another 5 minutes to bring a cup of coffee and ice water.  13 minutes down.   We ordered breakfast - simple omelets.  The wait was insane in my opinion.  The server never came back to refill coffee or water during this time. When our food finally arrived, I was not first of all sick of waiting and secondly, sick of our waitress.   She had no desire to see if we needed anything else.  Nor did she EVER check back during our whole meal.   When we were ready to leave, we had to flag her down to get our check and she seemed to have an attitude.   We won't be back.   To me, the best way to describe this place is hoity toity wanna be.   Food has no flavor at all.
Thought this place did a wonderful job wit their breakfast. We were driving from Tampa to Gainesville and found this spot on Yelp. We didn't want to have to eat at Bob Evans, or Cracker Barrel, IHOP, etc. Scrambles offers great service and very good breakfast options and an affordable price. We were very impressed, even though it was a few mile drive off the interstate for us. Well worth the trip.
The is always great with lots of healthy alternatives.  If anything there are too many choices.  The only thing I would avoid is the Sausage Gravy because, while good, it's not great. The service is always very friendly and attentive. I actually think I might head there right now. Oh, and it is next to a strip mall church so be careful of the date and time or you could be waiting for a while.
Scrambles has the best Belgian waffles.  The tripple crown is delicious (with strawberries abs extra crisp bacon)! :-) Also the VI shake is really good as well.  Whenever I come to Florida I always make it a point to come here.  Plus everyone is always so nice!! Jerry
Great food! Great service! Highly recommend the pancakes, waffles, & hot chocolate. Located in a strip mall near a church so I wouldn't head there on certain days. A great Ocala gem.
I have eaten at scrambles a few times. Food is usually fresh. They are open for breakfast and lunch. Today the food was just ok. I ordered an omelette that had jalapenos , tomatoes, cheese etc. I had to ask for extra cheese because it hardly had any and it came with sausage and I ask them no sausage but there were a couple pieces in it?  I have had better things there. Very clean.  Good service.
FIRST...HAPPY 10TH ANNIVERSARY SCRAMBLES!!!! i came here while visiting Ocala. This place is too cute. It's SUPER clean and the staff are very friendly. I had the cinammon swirl french toast and boy was it good!!! Actually, i think our entire table had it. Anyways, my grandmother and her friend come here frequently and they absolutely love it! I definitely will ask to return to scrambles the next time i'm in Ocala!
Stopped for breakfast on Tuesday, July 23, 2013.  Wife and I were seated quickly with menus and our drinks arrived in timely fashion. However, our waitress was too busy to take our order at that time. There was no one at the cash register, so she filled in there. Then she had to seat other people.  Then she disappeared in the kitchen for a while.  After sitting there for another 10 minutes I was about ready to walk out.  Then finally had our order taken.  Our service did improve during the duration of our breakfast, but after the start we had can't give it high grades although initial problem probably more due to inept management rather than our server.  Here's the scoop on the food: 1. Both our egg dishes came out hot and were very tasty 2. Bacon had lots of flavor 3. Breakfast potatoes were supposed to have been "grilled".  Looks like they were par boiled first, which is a correct way to get them started. However, they showed very little evidence of ever touching the grill and half of them were not cooked through. 4. Grits - I don't eat them. Wife loves them and she said these were excellent and served with a large pat of melting butter in the middle like they should be. 5. Biscuit - I thought it was very good.  Light and served warm. Very fresh. 6. Coffee -- Okay -- here's the kicker and why I can't give it more than two stars, because even with some of the issues, might be worth an extra star or another trip back to give them another chance. I love coffee.  Drink a lot of it.  Drink it black & no sugar either.  The coffee was weak and tasteless.
Local treasure.service was great and the food above average better than expected
Awesome Belgian waffles!  Awesome spud plates! Awesome omelets!! Such a great place to enjoy breakfast!  Fast service, friendly staff, and HEALTHY alternatives!
GREAT PANCAKES!!! Nice staff, clean all around and great food. We mostly come ...... for the pancakes. ;-)
,Almost every Sunday, for the past 10 years, my wife and I have enjoyed breakfast at this family owned cafe. We've watched both their business and family grow! As employees have moved on, new ones have been trained to provide the same exceptional service that turns first time customers into regulars. Scrambles menu selection will satisfy and the food ... Well it's always great. Go, say hello to Allison and Steve and say Wayne & Carol recommended Scrambles Cafe. You won't be disappointed.
Best pancakes anywhere.
Very nice place! Fast and very friendly service.  Great food, perfect sized portions!  Will be frequenting here often.
