We had a great first experience at Harry's.  When friends were visiting from California, we wanted something with a fun vibe, good food and a touch of southern flare. Harry's did not disappoint.  Our service was great.  The bartender really knew her stuff.   We had a array of dishes- from Jambalaya to crab cakes to seafood.  Everything was really yummy.  My friend from LA was really curious and dying to try dill pickle chips- lol.   Fun time!
In a city like Ocala, which is dominated by chains and greasy fast food spots, Harry's stands tall. Harry's is a restaurant you'd expect to find in a hip downtown area and draws in customers looking to indulge in New Orleans style dishes, some seafood and a little meat. It's upscale for Ocala, but still very casual. You can come looking like you headed to a show or just got off the springs tubing. And, the service is great. Harry's reminds me of the many Cajun style spots in New Orleans and comes close to matching their flavor. In this part of Florida you'll be challenged to find something better. There's also a nice bar filled with ample choices for adult beverages. We were very impressed with the food. The appetizers are wonderful as are the main courses. We dove in big here and ordered way more than we could eat, just to test the waters. The blackened redfish was awesome. The crawfish etouffee tasted authentic, which is a huge compliment and the jumbalaya was enough to feed two horses. The shrimp creole was packed with flavor. You can't go wrong with any of these dishes. And, don't skip out without eating dessert, specifically Oreo Beignets, which blow away what you've had at Cafe Du Monde. Try it. You'll be amazed!
Going to be a regular place when here in town. Casual, very reasonably priced seafood cooked with a Louisianna/cajun flair. The grill cook knows how to cook, without over cooking the seafood. Again, very pleased and I recommend this restaurant.
Great NOLA food in Ocala.  I had the Sprimp & Crawfish Fondeaux and Fried Green Tomatoes for appy's, then the Shrimp and Grits for the meal.  Wow.  The food and service were both great.  Will definitely visit this one again.
We had the pleasure of discovering Harry's while visiting St. Augustine. The service, outside patio and especially our food was fresh and delicious. My husband ordered the blackened Mahi Mahi with beans and rice and was seriously impressed as he orders this often. I ordered Shrimp in Tasso sauce over grit cakes and felt taken magically to New Orleans. I would love to see this Restaurant expand to south Florida, Delray Beach, in particular !!
Nice place we stopped at on a road trip thru Florida...just had the gumbo which tasted real good...service was prompt and friendly !
We lunched at Herrys in Ocala Fl Aug 30 2014 the food and service were Great. Try it you will like it.
Classy and scrumptious. Samantha was a darling.   One of my all-time favorites in Ocala. Love walking on the square after lunch and hitting the farmer's market.
Harry's far exceeds it's culinary expectations!!! She Crab Soup: Grated celery just as it should be, a decent amount of crab. Blackened Red Fish: Flavorful, Flaky w/a lemon cream sauce that is smooth and not acidic. Bananas Foster: Warm boat of liqueurs w/sliced bananas to pour over Cinnamoned vanilla ice cream. The only thing that could of been better was if the Foster was flambe'. Server Michelle knew the menu upside down and backwards and couldn't of been more attentive. Clean restrooms but the booth seats could of been wiped down. Sit on the patio on a nice evening and people watch. Have fun! Let the good times roll!!! Current health inspection: 0-high priority, 0-intermediate and 2-basic violations
Our service was very very slow. I had the oysters and It had been a few years since I ate here but this time the oysters were very skimpy.  I guess they were having some cut backs. My husband had the Tilapia and he felt the fish was better at Long John Silvers. I don't think we will go back and I cannot recommend it at this time. Very disappointing.
Cajun styled food at a decent price. I had the fried green tomato BLT+P sandwich. Different, but defiantly good. It consisted of fried green tomatos, bacon, pimento cheese, pickled red onions, and chipotle aioli. I would say that was a for sure first :) I also ordered 10 chicken wings, extra crispy, and blackened. I wish I would have ordered them hot though. They came out perfect, usually I ask for crispy wings at other places, and they come out still soggy. Overall sandwich 3 star, wings 4, service 5. I'd go again :)
Our table ran the gamut, and we like to share everything, so I tasted a lot of different items from the menu. Everything was top notch! I loved their version of fried green tomatoes with feta on them. The Jazzy Trio with shrimp, crawfish, and calamari in a spicy New Orleans style sauce with really good. My wife had shrimp and grits that were probably the best I have ever tasted. I had the Crab Crusted Redfish Royale, it was amazing. I tasted fried Catfish, fried calamari, Salmon, and like I said everything was superb. The bar had Blue Moon on tap which made me happy. They also had some other great draft beers. My wife loved their Bloody Mary. We are both going to try the Mojito Martinis on our next visit. Lastly, service was outstanding and the restaurant was very clean. We are true fans of Harry's and are very much looking forward to out return visit.
Never reviewed before, but came based on good reviews.   Unfortunately for me, they were way off their game when I went.  Our salads were brown, the salmon was slimy,  and my fried catfish had a fried hair.  When I told my waiter (Matt) all I got was "that's too bad;  you should have told me"  *and what do you think I am doing right now, Matt? *  The catfish also tasted almost identical to Tyson frozen chicken strips, with a slight fish flavor.  It had the same breading.  Very gross even without the hair.  Very disappointed.
Thank goodness for Harry's or my best meal all week in Ocala would have been at Chipotle.  I had blackened redfish that was just right.  It was served with red beans/rice and sausage and I also ordered some collards.  I didn't eat the beans & rice but the sausage was scrumpious!  Our server was a "cool guy" but he took good care of us.  I'd definitely return.
Great service and a happy birthday to me! Red beans and rice is a classic and just the right size for lunch. Good burger too. Key lime pie for desert. Voola!
Ok, we moved from the Sarasota area to the area near the Villages. There we could go to some the the best restaurants in SW Florida!  After exploring the Villages I found 3 places worth eating at. We went to Harry's last night and all I can say is WOW!!!!  You've moved into first place!!! We each ordered something different. The staff was attentive and the food would rival any Sarasota establishment. Cannot wait to go back. I do plan to try everything on the menu -- not the "bland" stuff we've been experience so far! If you love flavors and a wonderful looking food this is the place. Clayton did a great job with us!  Kudos!
Very good food. We had a fun time at lunch and I enjoyed the experience. I had a burger and calamari. I would get them both again.
Harry's is a great restaurant chain -- the food is excellent and the atmosphere is really cool. This particular location tends to have really slow service, and there's a lot of turnover among the waitstaff -- but again, the food is really good.
This is the second time I've been here and all I can say is I am definitely a fan. The first time I came I ordered the New Orleans trio (I think that's what it was called). It was great. This time I ordered the shrimp and crawfish pot pie and once again, I was not disappointed. The food was hot and timely and the taste was amazing. Another tip...order the she-crab soup. It's like a crab bisque and is absolutely amazing!! I've ordered it each time I've been here and it was great each time! Thanks to the lady at the front desk of the Holiday Inn Express for turning me on to this place!
What a great lunch experience, the crab encrusted red fish was excellent and the key lime pie was  a real prize winner. Our server Bruce was super attentive .
Cold Sunday afternoon and the service was great.  I would skip the side salad but the cheese grits were fantastic as was the Oyster Po Boy. Seriously, the salad brought this from four to three stars.  It was kind of insulting.   The atmosphere is goo but that is where the presentation stops.  The food is just put on a white oval with very little effort.   The Po Boy was worth the stop but ask for the Remoulade Dressing instead of the sauce that normally accompanies.
We went to Harry's on Friday, and was in for a pleasant surprise.  While the service was just fair, the food was great.  My food came out hot, and the pepper  sauce with the tenderloin was great!  We had the chocolate bread pudding for desert and it is the best desert in Ocala!  The one knock on the desert was the ice cream was of poor quality.  You could taste the ice crystals.  If the use a better ice cream this desert is a 5 out of 5!
Reviewing because I think this place should really be higher rated. This is, imho, one of the best places to eat in Ocala, but I would say the same for her sister restaurant in St Augustine as well.  The food has always been delicious here, and we have never had poor service. I love the she crab soup, and my fiance loves the gumbo. Overall, an excellent value for the quality of food served - and that is especially true of their catering services.
I went here with Dad and we had the best meal.  We arrived around 5 pm on a Friday, but it wasn't that crowded.  We thoroughly enjoyed the crab / eggplant Napoleon appetizer--it was wicked.  He had a catfish and I had jambalaya with dirty rice, and we both had Guinness beers at half price for happy hour.  The food was just wonderful, the waiter was fast and attentive, noise level wasn't bad, the place was clean, and the staff seemed happy.  For dessert I got a bananas foster, which was just terrific.  Rum, bananas, ice cream--what's not to love?  I'd come back here any day of the week.
I have no idea why Harry's isn't higher rated. I am also not sure why someone says that the restaurant is near the water; it's just not true. I love Harry's. It's a small chain, with other locations that I have seen in Gainesville, Tallahassee and St. Augustine. In Ocala, it's one of the more enjoyable restaurants to go to in the town, right on the square. We arrived on Wednesday, half off martini night. My mom ordered a regular martini with Ketel One for something like $5. I ordered an $8 glass of wine, which was actually two glasses in one, served in a small carafe. Not a very good cabernet but it was still spicy. We looove the hot bread and delicious, super garlicky butter. White bread, but yummeh. I ordered the crawfish etouffee and my mom ordered the grit cake with scallops and shrimp with steamed veggies. My etouffee was nearly enough for two, and I had quite a hearty breakfast waiting for me the next morning. My mom was pleased with her grit cake and I tried her scallops: succulent. I also asked where the crawfish was sourced from and they come from Indonesia. I am a bit concerned about crawfish from the bayou, with all that oil and dispersant that has since sunk to the bottom. I would not have ordered it otherwise. Service was fine for us; our server was new, but she did everything perfectly. Harry's also goes for the cold side of the A/C levels; if you have a uber skinny mother, make sure she brings closed toe shoes and a jacket. We were really hoping to sit on their four-table patio, but our luck suited us otherwise. I would love to make this a stop on my next visits to Ocala.
Best pumpkin martini I have ever had. However, Service was rough to say the least. There was three of us dining and the drinks came out wrong to start. Then there was a delay for the bread. Then for our soup appetizers. One person got their meal before we got anything else. The waitress was apologetic for all the mixups but it was annoying nonetheless. Then my meal came out. I ordered the dirty rice but they gave me rice and beans. Then had to wait for our request for more bread. The "she crab" soup and pumpkin martini were great but I hope they step up their organizational skills.
Had the fried green tomatoes, crab cakes, sweet corn & grits, & white wine. All delicious. We're from Louisiana & Harry's did not disappoint. Will be returning. :-)
We eat at Harry's on a pretty regular basis.  It is one of our favorite restaurants in Ocala.  The food is always outstanding and we like the atmosphere( in an old building).
Went to this Harry's for some drinks with a couple of friends. The bartender was very nice, he even offered to let us stay past closing time since he would be there 'til late closing. Drinks were good. We didn't have food. The ambiance is really nice, love all the decorations.
Eh...nothing great here except for our server.  Lisi, our witty server, was amazing!!!!  She was the one that actually made the late lunch that we had at Harry's. I had the Harry's Burger and it was fairly bland even with the caramelized onions and cheddar cheese.  How does that happen?   While the food was not outstanding, it wasn't awful.  It's a nice place to eat lunch and sit outside on a nice day overlooking the downtown square.
No wonder we're all so fat--I think they gave me enough jambalaya for 4 people. I realize I'm thin, and maybe the waiter thought, "she looks hungry, let's give her some more food". Ugh. What a waste! Luckily, I took the leftovers home to my parents who thankfully took care of the remains of my dinner.   The place was freezing, too, I couldn't wait to get out! The flavor was alright. so-so, nothing special, ok, i've had better...heee...
Wow! This place is pretty awesome! Yes it is a little more expensive but you pay for quality and location. It is located in the square and if you want the square offers a nice place for a date. Nice staff, clean, a little loud but that doesn't bother me. The fact that they are always busy is a good sign that they are good.
Harry's is one of the oldest success stories...we know people that drive 45 miles to eat there...we drive 35!  Like any restaurant in C. Florida it's "hit n miss" service from the staff of "tweenagers".  Thats the twenty-somethings and teens that pervade the restaurant biz, from the kitchen to the front.  Generally, they display a lackadaisical attitude toward their job and may disturb an otherwise great dining experience. Harry's does everything right in the kitchen...portions are larger than average, perfectly presented and spiced.  We love their BloodyMarys. Be prepared for SPICY food...thats what Cajuns are noted for!
I went with my parents for happy hour before a free concert at Citizens Square. They have a nice craft beer selection in bottles, but they are not on happy hour special so we settled for the less interesting draft beers. Nothing really caught our eye on the menu as far as 'fun food' goes, so we got a fried trio appetizer (which was great) and the she-crab soup (which was way too sweet, but my dad still liked it). The atmosphere and unknowledgeable service didn't live up to their prices. Cool place for easy-going seafood though!
Great food.  Excellent service!!!  She crab soup is amazing.  Beef tenderloin medallions scampi style with shrimp was excellent.  Missed the mark with the Nola rice tonight.  Fried shrimp was good but I was disappointed they came to the table on top of the fries.  Not a fan of the coleslaw.  One of my favorite places so I am kicking myself for not ordering the collard greens!!!
We ate here twice between Christmas and New Year's.  Town Square in Ocala is magical this time of year, and we just had to go back for a carriage ride.  Charming location, especially evenings and, as I mentioned, holidays.  The New Orleans inspired menu is always fresh and made with quality ingredients.  The seafood is also good.  I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars because our server told us we could not get the promotion advertised on their marquee because it had expired.  However, our second trip to Harry's was prompted by the manager calling in response to the online survey we filled out stating our dissatisfaction and inviting us to come in and receive the special ($30 gift card with purchase of $100 for Christmas) we were looking for.  So the management was good about making it right.  I also want to mention that it is pretty easy to find coupons for Harry's.
Had a great meal here - crab cakes.  My wife had a great Cosmo.  Great atmosphere and service
Stopped in here for a lunch after a long weekend of camping in the Ocala National Forest. My husband and I both got the Harry Burger - simple, yet you can tell a lot by a place on their burger. My husband loved it - I, on the other hand, thought it was only so-so. Service was not that great , slow. We ate on the patio so that may have had something to do with it. Giving it an A because they allowed us to have our dog on the patio, and the bottle of hot sauce (which was delicious) we took home was only 2 bucks!!!
I'm sorry to be reviewing another chain, but I feel compelled to write about one awesome server (Zach), while putting another one on blast (Bailey)!!! Let me start with food and décor... - New Orleans-themed chain and they didn't do bad at recreating that NOLA-feel. - The drinks were poured strong, but you wouldn't know it from the taste. Yum! - The food was pretty tasty, but it didn't WOW me. - For the quality (freshness, not flavor) and quantity, the prices are an absolute bargain. Now, for the service... The wait for indoor seating was half-an-hour, but it was a beautiful day and we wanted to sit outside anyway. The hostess informed us that outdoor seating is "self seating." It was full outside, so we waited patiently. Once a table opened up, we waited and waited for someone to clear it, but no one came out. They're busy, we get that. One server came out to serve the table next to the table we were waiting on. As that server, BAILEY, passed us (I heard her announce her fake-friendly self to the next table), we asked her if she could get someone to clear the table. Her reply: "Go to someone inside. They're in charge." Really bitch?! You couldn't tap a busser or host for us...or at least pretend to for the sake of friendliness? Too much to ask? Too much to just say, "Sure, let me inform the host for you."?! We did talk to a host and they did send a busser out immediately, but we were left with a really ugly taste in our mouths...crossing our fingers we wouldn't get her as our server. We'd definitely refuse her! Luckily, our server Zach came out and immediately changed our moods. He was friendly, sweet, patient, and took amazing care of us! When the kitchen messed up, he made sure we didn't see the dish on our bill. When the bar shrunk the cup-size of our margaritas, he made sure to ask them to make up for it. He checked on us frequently and didn't flinch when extra people joined our party unexpectedly. Thank you "Zach from Philly" for making it a wonderful experience. This was a three star meal, but you are a five star server!!!
A lively little corner bar and restaurant.  The food is always good and the service is above average.  Parking can be a challenge though so think outside the box or this case the square.
Harry's is consistently my favorite restaurant in downtown Ocala.  I went on a Friday night to have drinks and appetizers.  The fried green tomatoes are perfection.  The crab cakes are sweet, fluffy and delicious.  The sauces on each dish make my mouth happy.  The drinks were good and the service was friendly.
This had been one of our frequent re-do places, but I have to say the experience has really lost a lot. Tonight, the hostess was just miserable. I think we put her out by wanting to have dinner there. And, the food was lousy. But it didn't matter since we were done with our meal before our server asked us if everything was ok.  It was not busy, either. The trend has been like this. They just seem to have taken their eye off the ball. Will probably give them one more shot, but that's it.
Harry's is just another fast food place disguised as a seafood bar and grill.  For one, the place is dirty. the floor, the stemware and the utensils.  The sauces are sweet, including the Cajun dishes.  The service is average.   The food is below average.  Go there for the beer and tv screens.
We were recommended by the front desk staff at the Red Roof Inn to stop here for a nice dinner. We walked in at 5:30 on a Friday after a long day of mountain biking at Santos and were starving. The place was packed so we hopped up at the bar and were told, during happy hour, it was 2 for 1 drinks on any liquor, wine or beer! They then gave us the early bird dinner menu which went on until 6:00. We ordered two cocktails, the Shrimp & Scallops with succotash and the Chicken Joline with fried grit cakes plus a salad with amazing blue cheese dressing to split. We spend 1/2 of what we would have normally and still got plenty to eat. Plus the foot was hot and delicious! We had a truly great dinner out in a fun atmosphere and saved a little off the top. We would go back in a heartbeat and will stop here for a special on our last night in Ocala every visit!!
Good attempt at authentic new orleans seafood. But very slow service.  There is a nice selection of beers on tap, but to wait so long to actually receive a tasty brew makes it almost not even worth while.  The food was reasonably priced, and the portions are generous.  The calamari is really one of the best, I would strongly recommend it.
Great location! Harry's is right across the street from the water, and even has a small balcony with a few tables. It also has an outdoor patio with live music.  The device was also outstanding.  The food was just OK. Menu is limited but there are some highlights like the pork tenderloin, and crab cakes.  Sometimes the location can overcome the shortcomings such is the case with Harry's.
I haven't found a single disappointment on the menu after three visits.  The kids love it too.
We especially enjoy going on Sundays before the church crowds and like the bar side best (roomier seating).  My favorite is the shrimp scampi  while hubby loves the red fish along with the grit cakes (we bring one of the two grit cakes in the order home for breakfast the next day). Service is a little slow but the food is worth the wait.
best fried green tomatos i have ever had!!!!!!!!!!!! if you even go please get them.
Great, had the bourbon street salmon, terrific. Husband had the gumbo and shrimp creole, he loved that also. Service was excellent . Great buys on beer and wine,(2for1).
Blue margaritas are awesome!!! Otherwise, food is "ok".
