If you spend money on clothes and cosmetics you'll appreciate the store. Reliable jean fitting and a good selection of casual wear. The staff is young but cheerful. I'm not looking to be validated here. Once I proactively express interest in an item they will do all they can to help I come from Denver. The market there is larger so these brands are everywhere. Not the case here so I'm thankful if I need something I can drop in and pick it up Those who complain should just not shop here. It's not for everyone and I appreciate that. Regardless it's still a well run,reliable business.
Tony Walker is definitely a little pretentious.  Like other reviewers mentioned, if you don't walk in with your hair done, best outfit, and make up perfect, you will feel a little out of place.  I don't think it's because of the other customers in the store, rather the employees.  I don't know how to put it; have you ever felt like you were welcomed, but in an unwelcome manner? That's how it feels most times I visit. I do come here though for the following: - Modern luxury - a great, affordable jewelry line that offers every day earrings, bracelets, necklaces.   - Birthday club - 40% any item ON your birthday (yes, it has to be on the very day of your birth) The only way possible to get 40% off a Michael Kors watch - Alex & Ani bangles - I have ran in here on a whim when I needed a last minute gift; however I much rather prefer ordering from the Alex & Ani website (not to mention, TW holds them hostage behind a counter so you can't even freely look at them). - Free gift wrapping!
Aug 11 14 I live in Toronto Ontario Canada and wanted to get a gift for a college girl going back to school and to let the girls see the store brand names.  I called the store 3 times at different times of the day , to ask some questions about the 40% birthday gift.  On recording no one picked up I left a message, no one returned my call The website was not up and running (this was two Sundays ago) so got in my car, drove to Niagara Falls New York to have the girl at the cash say she saw the calls coming in but didn't pick up as it said "unknown" number.  $60 later in gas, I was able to speak to one of the Managers who did give me more information.  Shopping should  not be this difficult and customer service is paramount today.
Terrible customer service. I won't get into my lengthy stories about all the times I have received not only poor customer service, but the frustration I had to go through MULTIPLE TIMES because they cannot seem to get their act together, and all employees seem to have different opinions on what the store policy is. I have wasted so many trips there based on what I was told over the phone, and I arrive there and they tell me something different. one time i was told something at the men's department only to have the women's department tell me the opposite. GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER, TONY WALKER!!!!!!!!!! and stop hiring a bunch of pretty but brain-less and RUDE/SNOBBY employees!!!!!!!!!!!!! Most of their stuff you can get online for much cheaper!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would say all they're good for is for you to go in there and try on the jeans for size - so that you can order them online for cheaper and without aggravation!!!!!!! oh, and maybe the birthday club is worth it since you get 40% off one item on your birthday, but you have to go on your actual birthday, no other day would be acceptable. oh... and you have to pay $10 to join the birthday club. So depending on what item you're looking to get, it might not even be that big of a deal. oh btw, the employees CANNOT do math whatsoever. Pay attention to your receipt when you're getting a discount, apparently their system is not set up for auto calculations for % off so they do the calculation themselves and just enter the numbers into the register. Oh and the return policy is only 14 days, watch out for that too.
Let me start off by saying that I so badly want more for this store. I dream of a day when I might find more quality menswear options at locally owned retailers.   The people of Buffalo deserve so much better. Tony Walker & Co. has the lockdown on the Buffalo market, as this is one of the few places in Western New York to find a few "upscale" labels that are widely available in other cities. For this reason, the people of Tony Walker apparently needn't put forth much effort or creativity. I would say that Tony Walker & Co.'s retail floor resembles a picked-over Barney's warehouse sale, but even that is too generous and certainly a disservice to the Barney's brand. Imagine a place with bad carpeting, cramped display racks and messy tables--on which all clothing is arranged and sold solely on the basis of label recognition--with no effort to merchandise. And the biggest kicker: nothing is marked down until an annual tent sale. Pay money to join a club, and you can have the exclusive honor of attending this sale early. If you manage to dig through all of the clutter and find something that you like at this sale, you're still going to pay more than you would have six months ago at Nordstrom. The staff is attentive, but they're drinking the Tony Walker Kool-Aid. Visit this place and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. The tired this-celebrity-was-spotted-wearing-this sales pitch delivered by a superficial, holier-than-thou tween hardly constitutes anything remotely close to customer service. One thing I have to commend the people of Tony Walker for is their business savvy. Where others might see a vapid land of fashion-deprived nouveau riche, Tony Walker & Co. saw opportunity for a gleaming brick-clad strip mall from which to spoon-feed the helpless with low-standard gimmicks and cheese. If the people of Western New York don't demand more, Tony Walker will keep pushing this mediocrity.
I went back a second time to buy a pair of shoes, and received horrible service.. No one was willing to help me, and I ended up leaving.. After the treatment I originally received I was surprised. I will not be back, and I will make sure i let my friends know about this horrible treatment!
I will preface this review by saying that I didn't hate my visit as much as I thought I would, but like others, I was disappointed by the lack of service... Until I ASKED for help! On this visit, with my Dad, we were searching for a pair of Toms shoes for him. I suggested that even if he didn't care for any of the patterns in the store that he should at least try a couple of styles on for size since the fit of Toms vary. We started at Sneaker Advantage, where there was an entire wall of ladies Toms shoes. They even had the flats and wedges!! I wanted to be selfish and shop for myself but this visit was for Dad so I abstained from trying on anything for myself. They had a shelf of men's classic Toms in various colors, but the selection was limited. I ASKED an employee if that was all they had in terms of men's Toms and he was very helpful. Explained that the men's store just up the plaza had more/different variety. He was very courteous. Went to the men's store (through Stereo Advantage) & hit the Toms jackpot. Dad found one particular style he liked but the only size they had out was too big. I took several trips back and forth from the display to the seating area to exchange sizes. Wasn't asked once if I needed help. But as soon as I made eye contact with an employee she came over to help and was friendly. She found the right size, style, and color in the back that Dad wanted and we paid and were on our way. So it was a pleasant visit. I can say that most employees seemed friendly and asked how we were doing. No one was uppity or rude, as I expected based on several things I've heard. Will be back when I'm looking for my next pair of Toms! :D
This is in reference to the new outlet store that they opened in October...the store right on the end near Main St. Who knew this existed!!??  We wandered in because the hubs saw a "$5 hats" bin through the door window....and we spent an hour in the small store, sorting through all sorts of good deals.   Basically, this store serves as the "clearance section" of the original Tony Walker store.  They work on a color coded tagging system, and the staff does a good job of sharing the markdown system with you.  Each month the prices get lower and lower, all the way until it is free.  This May 1st will be the first time they will have items that are considered FREE...I'll be waiting outside for the doors to open.  ;)  (hmmm maybe I shouldn't be yelping about this until AFTER i score my free stuff...less competition.) I got a $128 hoodie for 50 bucks (still overpriced IMO, but its tax time and I splurged! haha)   Soon enough Tony Walker will conquer that entire plaza!
This is an email to them. What kind of company are you that doesn't answer your phone (tried calling five times) then brought my gifts in to be wrapped like your website says but you only wrap gifts bought in store. So I wasted 45 minutes in traffic to drive there since you don't answer the phone. I did need a few things from your store but will never shop there due to your deceptive website and inability to pick up the phone. Be warned folks. Shady business practices.
Pretentious definitely! Some of the employees should really get over themselves, you work in retail!  They do have nice things but I could do much better on line with better return policies.
I'm horrified after reading others' reviews, but I am trying not to let their experiences skew my rating. I'll be upfront and say I am giving this place four stars because it is a local company offering their own private label of products, Modern Luxury, and all the Modern Luxury handbags are vegan. Also, they have free mimosas. I popped into Tony Walker briefly last night because we were early for a dinner date at Pizza Plant next door. I had no idea this was a such a swanky joint - I just remember all their cute t-shirts that were so popular in grade school. I'm never in Amherst, so I was pleasantly surprised by their offerings. I found the staff to be very helpful...almost a little too helpful. I happened to walk in near the bags and started browsing their collection. When someone came over a minute or two later, he asked if I was looking for anything in particular. I asked if they had bags without leather and he directed me to a table of bags which were their own private label, Modern Luxury. He informed me that all the Modern Luxury bags are vegan. They come in a variety of styles - from Stella McCartney-esque to...OK, I don't know much about labels or designers. I just saw some Stella McCartney bags when I was shopping for vegan bags last weekend in Chicago. All the Modern Luxury bags were under $100, which is about what you would pay for a zipper pull on one of Stella's bags. Anyway, the bags come in a wide variety of designs and a handful of colors. The only way it could be better than vegan and local would be if they were purple. When I walked in, I remember thinking, "Thank goodness I am still in my work clothes" because I would have felt out of place in my regular weekend attire.
I am not going to tony walker  ever again how dare you can charge a 10 dl web wardrobe for the birthday club to save 40% to my understanding that is not a 40% anymore I went in to try ugg boots 2 different times the staff is awful stupid I had to force answers out the one girl about the boots I live  5 minutes from the place and hope the pizza plant stays inbetween that pathetic place for as long as possible so they don't become a monopoly  I love when they were a simple part of stero advantage they are I basically warn all about the birthday discount and the staff is so stuck up good luck especially those who travel to come here
*3.5 Stars* I came here in search of Kiehl's since the face cream I wanted was $6 cheaper in the States than in Canada. This place is basically a strip mall with Tony walker & Co occupying almost the whole mall. My friends and I started at the outlet store where the amount of discount is indicated by the colour of the tag. Basically, the amount of discount on an item increases 10% each month and it is possible to get items for free. The program started in October so May will be the first time an item will be free with a purchase (the first batch in October was 10% off and once November came, that initial batch became 20% off and a new batch was 10% off... and so on). There were a lot of different brands in the outlet and the store was organized and neat however the change room was full of clothes. The staff there pretty much stayed behind the cash and talked to themselves but they did explain the system when we arrived. The actual store was nice and clean as well, they carry a lot of high-end brands and the staff were friendly. There was also a shorts trade-in program that was going on, bring a pair of shorts in and you can get a discount on a new pair of shorts (hm.. I wonder what the do with the shorts afterwards..). The beauty boutique was nice and had so many pretty things! Staff here were nice but weren't very knowledgeable about the Kiehl's products and did not offer samples which all the Kiehl's I have been to in Toronto, regardless if they were stand-alone or in department stores, do all the time. Overall, I left with my cream and a new pair of jeans from the outlet which I got for $40 and were originally $200.
God forbid you're not dressed head to toe in designer threads from the moment you walk in the door... 1) Customer service is definitely lacking - sales associates define the word "snobbery" It's honestly laughable.   2) If you're not dressed to the nines when you walk in, you will be treated like Julia Roberts (Rodeo Drive Scene) in Pretty Woman 3) After being mistreated a number of times, I have decided to spend my money elsewhere - There are plenty of places in town that will make you feel "worthy" of purchasing their clothing.
They definitely have some good merchandise but if you're an older dorky guy like I am, you'll be swarmed by teenage chicks tooling for commissions, so be ready for that. I swear, they must train them to spot the easy marks (older dudes) and attack them with helpful advice and compliments. The last time I went in there, I had THREE cute teenage clerks helping me, whooooo hooooo.
The thing I hate the most is when retail associates judge a book by it's cover.  I went to Toni Walker and Co for the first time this past weekend.  I have driven by the place every day since moving here and I had no idea what it was, so I wanted to check it out.   Back story, I'm from SF where I am use to boutique clothing, prices and boutique service.  I expected a boutique atmosphere when I walked in, what I found was a very small version of Nordstrom, with none of the customer service Nordstrom values. The selection was poor, the service was worse and taste left in my mouth still lingers.   It makes me very sad, because one of the things that I dislike the most about WNY is the lack of good shopping experiences.  I hate mall shopping, unless it's a high end and outdoor mall like Stanford Shopping Center in Palo Alto. I have been forced to shop online as long as I live in WNY, because my last hope for a good shopping spree just faded into the sunset.
The customer service here is pretty bad. You can smell the disdain upon walking in if you aren't wearing designer clothes. The selection of clothing is minimal and am disappointed to say that their lululemon inventory is always the past seasons looks, not to mention it is being phased out. So instead of helping their customers they're losing money by being overly pretentious. The place is always dead and inattentive. I have yet to find one helpful person working during the past 5 times I have gone. If I hadn't received a giftcard for this place I probably would never go there again.
5 stars for the buyers who are picking out the items for TW. seriously, well done. but one star for the customer service. If the employees here were down to earth and put customers at ease TW would make more sales. Instead, the employees make it a 'big deal'. Seriously, take my advice, if you act like its not a big deal to be around hot clothes, like its effortless to wear that every day, rich people will believe you .... and buy more stuff : O   have you ever met the kitson girls?? like, you wonder how they do it!!! but they just KNOW they're hot. and they know better than to wear trendy pieces from head to toe. they really each have their own style. and oh baby they can make sales.... also, most importantly, THE KITSON GIRLS DONT JUDGE CUSTOMERS BY WHAT THEY WEAR, because its not a big deal. (for those who don't know kitson is a high end boutique on the west coast)
If you are truly interested in learning about designer brands offered here, then the sales staff will help you, whether or not you decide to purchase. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Lots of designer eye candy - where else in this area can you see/touch/try brands like Marc Jacobs and Judith Ripka?! The "trade-ins" and various promotional events are cute and sometimes good deals can be found.
While I have no product problems I have a lot to say about customer service and the lack thereof.  They may have a niche in the product locally but trust me, you can find what they carry if no where else on-line.  Their web wardrobe program is a lucrative money maker for them I am sure.  I had heard from friends that you go in and sign up for $10 (which interestingly comes to $10 even so are they reporting those sales as income to the tax man!!??).  There are 7 or so perks with this program the biggest one being 40% off an item for your birthday.   As it goes, I went into the store to purchase Tom's shoes for my niece in early September 2012 and finally remembered to sign up and pay for this web wardrobe program.  The salesperson took my information and of course my $10 and handed me a program pamphlet.  I asked about the birthday discount and how it worked and she replied you'll get an email.  A few days before my birthday in October 2012 I realized I had not gotten an email so I went on the store's  Facebook page and based on other people's posts realized that you had to use the discount on the day of your birthday.  The problem was I had Las Vegas vacation planned and would not be in town for my birthday.  I was misinformed by not only the salesperson but their store pamphlet as well.  I messaged the store on Facebook and was told no exceptions and to have a nice trip.  Another Facebook user chimed in and said she was granted an exception to use the discount at another time. Last night I called the store and was told the same thing. I explained that I had the trip booked before I even signed up for the program and would not have signed up and paid the $10 had I known the discount could only be used on my birthday.  I offered to prove when I booked the trip as well as to provide the itinerary.  They said no exceptions.  I brought up the customer on Facebook who was granted an exception and the manager asked if I could recall why they were granted the exception.  Truth be told I couldn't remember offhand but when I looked today it was because she was in Florida.  Does it really matter the reason if it can be proved?  I informed them I never received the email that is mentioned in the pamphlet.  The manager's reply was that it was an old pamphlet.  Really?  So I asked if they could grant me a store credit for $10 to reimburse for the program cost since I was misinformed by an employee as well as an "outdated" pamphlet.  The answer was you guessed it.....no.  I then asked for a free enrollment for next year....the $10 to replace their mistake.  Again, no. All the manager could do was say no.  I explained I would never, ever visit their store again and his response was "ok".  Enough said, such poor customer service is not worth a 40% discount on products I can purchase elsewhere.  I would rather pay full price than be cheated and told as a customer I am wrong....even when I was willing to settle for a $10 credit. The $10 cost of the program could be well utilized for this establishment to first teach the owner a back to basics customer service course, perhaps some training for employees on being knowledgeable about a product they are selling and finally to print up some updated pamphlets.
