I've also been to Texas de Brazil in Orlando and in Miami, so I've had a decent background in churrascaria. and it is one of my favorite styles of cooking. I've been to Ipanema at least a dozen times since it opened and I've always had wonderful meals. the salad buffet is tremendous (all the vegetable dishes are great) and the meat is cooked to perfection and cycles around you (by the gauchos) constantly. You will eat more than you ever thought possible and you have to pace yourself so you can enjoy all the offerings. I would usually not eat much all day if i knew i was going there for dinner. Occasionally we tried just the salad buffet which used to be a better value. Now we always order the full experience. I used to be a vegetarian and now that i am not I want all the delicious meat. In fact Ipanema could turn any vegetarian back to an omnivore! They have had the same gauchos working there since they opened (at least a few of them I believe) and while some of the staff has changed they have been friendly and excellent servers. They also have  a terrific bar and wine list too. I agree with another reviewer that you would not believe how some people visit a really nice restaurant - in shorts and flip-flops like they were going to a backyard barbecue. This is a much nicer place than the average Ocala eatery, the kind of place for grown-ups, children do not belong here at all. This is a place for a date-night. it is by far one of my favorite places in Ocala, if not my favorite and I look forward to a return visit.
I must say that this place does not even come close to comparing with Texas de Brazil. As a first time customer, I was greatly dissatisfied. Our service was mediocre and the food was horrible. Both my husband and I got extremely sick from the food. Next time I will take the drive to Orlando and go to Texas de Brazil.
I must say its my first time here. Since it was my wife birthday I firgured why not. I absolutely love it. My wife enjoyed herself and that was most important.
Awesome experience-great food
Holy cow, where to begin? Well, for starters, I walked in to their restaurant looking for a place to host my wedding dinner. I didn't want a big crazy thing, and was looking for a place to accommodate 10-12 people in a private (not public) room.  I spoke to one of the managers who showed me one of their rooms, and told me in most situations for under 12 people they don't rent out the big rooms. However they were willing to compromise. I found this entirely acceptable. We were told fees would be waived if we met a certain amount (which we easily did with only 10 people there) and the service was spectacular. They tell you to pace yourself, but it's really impossible to do. Every 3-4 minutes someone would come by and refill your plate with a new, delicious and amazing meat that you want more of. Their salad bar is fantastic, and they even have a little soup section. They stored my wedding cake for me until the cutting, and even assisted with anything else I needed. I couldn't have been happier to find this place, and I definitely recommend trying it. It's worth it. Me and my husband will be going back to try more of their meats. Haha. Forgot to mention: their wine and champagne list is intense. So get ready for some heavy reading.
Finally got my three hail Marys . Great food , Great service and a great atmosphere . The salad bar is to die for, nicely presented and great combinations .Great job . WILL definitely be back. Have done rodesio everywhere I travel and this one is definitely in my top ten list.
I have been to this location 3 times and had superior food and service all 3x. Dont want to miss!
Great service and food is excellent if your just driving by or live near by you must try ipanema
Good place and its a typical Brazilian steakhouse. Can't go home Hungary with all these options. Not too much baboon wrapped meats dishes. They did try to fill you up with the breads and different types of rolls.
Great just great...from the service to the food. Excellent all around.
Great food, cold and hot.  Yes, they use a good deal of salt, but I think that is part of the cooking style, not the seasonings.   Biggest complaint was other customers.  This is a nice place and people came in casual clothes, wearing baseball caps indoors, and dragging small children and babies.  Have some class when you visit.  This is NOT a Dennys.
We dine here at least once a week. The atmosphere and food are wonderful and the service is exceptional. This is a very well run Resturant and a lovely place to dine! And their roasted pineapple martini is amazing
We have been to Impanema over a dozen times since they've opened and they never disappoint, the service is great, they always aim to please and the food is delicious and in abundance. If you've been to Texas de Brazil and are wondering how Impanema compares, I will say that TdB has a much better salad bar and more meat options but if you don't want to make the trek to Orlando, Impanema is a close second and by far the best special occasion restaurant in Ocala.
Went here for a business dinner as it seemed like the nicest place in town. The decor was neat and cozy, with enough space for large groups. The waitress was nice, but didn't tell us how the restaurant worked or that we could go to the salad bar and get food, so we just sat there for awhile feeling confused. Also, they told us there were 12 different cuts of meat, but that didn't seem to be the case. The food was pretty good, but some of the cuts of meat were far saltier for my tastes (or some of my colleagues). The salad bar was okay as well - had a lot of variety (some of which seemed out of place, but still good). The drink menu was great - I highly recommend the "sweet passion" - tastes just like oranges but not as sweet/bitter as orange juice. I had 3! Also heard great things about the pomegranate martini.
Totally love this place. The service is excellent, the food is amazing and the overall look of the restaurant is gorgeous.  Gotta go with an appetite that's for sure cause they are going to stuff you with meat like you can't imagine and their all very tasty.
Went here for lunch, which is much cheaper at 15.95 a head. Service was good, had no trouble flagging down the gauchos, but I was not that impressed with the meats. Pork tenderloin was insanely salty and overcooked. We thought it was maybe it was that one skewer but the new batch tasted the same. The parmesan chicken was actually good, not dried at all and seasoned well, but I don't go to a Brazilian steakhouse for chicken. The sausage was good, super snappy and salty. Good addition to rice and beans. The steak was by far the star, medium rare and seasoned perfectly and sizzling on the skewer. Unfortunately that was the only beef option offered during lunch. Salad bar was impressive, and everyone was satisfied with the desserts (we had the flan and turtle cheesecake). Don't waste your money on lunch; just save it and go to dinner.
A fantastic Brazilian Steakhouse! All the meats were very tender and juicy. I felt there wasn't quite as much of a variety of meats offered compared to some the Brazilian steakhouses I've been to in Atlanta, but what I did have was very good, and for $34.95 its definitely cheaper! Also, the "salad bar" (for lack of a better term) is stocked with all kinds of delicious vegetables, meats and cheeses far above and beyond what you expect when you hear "salad bar". If for some reason you are a vegetarian and you find yourself here, you will not be disappointed. This is a definite must-visit place in Ocala.
Worst customer service. I asked for a piece of meat well done. The meat the server brought around had blood practically dripping off of it. I showed him and he said "that is well done". I asked to have it sent to the grill and he ignored me. My husband ended up getting the manager. One waitress took our plates and said she was bring us new ones. She never returned and they started coming around with the meat we didn't have plates. The food itself is pretty good but I wouldn't  eat there again. We had a party of 20+ and spent $1500 and the service ruined it.
Went here while visiting family in Ocala. Pretty cute place, decent food. The decor inside is actually very nice. The food was good. I especially liked the sides: their sweet potato mash is probably one of the best I have ever had. It had chunks of pecans and lots of marshmallows. Their mashed potatoes and Brazilian potato salad were awesome too (yeah, I like potatoes.) The meats were ok... most were very very salty! I saw the cook salting the meat and the guy was very generous w/ it. I enjoyed the fliet mignon wrapped in bacon, as well as the churrasco. They have a decent wine selection. Their flan was pretty good too, very rich and creamy. I have been on a serious diet/health kick for about 9 weeks and I must say the only thing worth breaking my diet for was the sweet potato mash. Everything else was just OK.
I've been here a couple times for dinner and they both have been great. The selection of meats is very good (not excellent, however, as compared to Texas de Brazil for example) . My personal favorite is the picanha steak & my least favorite is the lamb as it is prepared in some sort of mint marinade... not really my thing! The waiters are attentive and the service is impressive. The salad bar is great, but who goes to a steakhouse for the salad bar? The Brazilian pão de queijo (cheese bread) is so good that we asked for some more and they gave us some in a to-go container when we left. They have a full list of wines and drinks available including domestic and imported beers, but  even though they have a full page dedicated to beers their selection was sub-par and I wish they had draught beers. After you're done eating the meats they bring around a pineapple covered in cinnamon sugar... I was skeptical at first but after I tried it I couldn't stop eating it. It's sooo good! (And apparently it's good for digestion too). Look out for specials on facebook, we made a reservation through it and in the end got a 20% discount. Another note: my boyfriend is Brazilian and he likes it here, so that  should say something ;)
Naturally, I'm going to do a direct comparison of Ipanema to Texas de Brazil since many people who read this will probably be able to relate to TdB the easiest, and it's the only other Churrascaria I've been to. Ipanema has a fantastic atmosphere, and particularly great for Ocala since the drive through the area is less than beautiful. The meats are all great except for the lamb. In their defense, I feel that the lamb was probably cooked properly and I'm just not a fan of it, as I've tried it before and didn't like it then either. I actually prefer Ipanema's salad bar to TdB, and I like that meals are slightly cheaper as well. They frequently have percentage off Facebook discounts if you become a fan. Would return more often if not for the hefty drive from Gainesville, but will return eventually regardless.
Amazing food ! If you want good steak come here. Great salad bar (not your average salad bar) they have smoked salmon, shrimp, great dressings, cheeses, different salads, etc. The desserts are great ! Definitely try this place.
Been here a few times and been to TdB a few times. I think here is way better in ambiance, service and food. Ipanema seems to bring a better overall quality experience to the meal as compared to TdB. To me TdB is just another chain restaurant that has lost the ability to add the quality to my meal, they just seem to concentrate on quantity. There are little "touches" here and there that Ipanema does that makes my dinning experience outstanding.
Pricey but food was good. Great salad bar and service.  Meats were good but some were overdone at times but they keep it coming and if you're not happy with a cut they will gladly give you more that is done to your satisfaction. The wait can be long on busy night but not a bad meal at all.
While visiting my grandparents over the holidays this year, we decided to have one major dinning out experience. We chose Ipanema Brazilian Steak House. None of us had ever been to this kind of restaurant, so we looked on Ipanema's website for the menu and what we could expect upon arrival. It all was a bit overwhelming for me, based on what I saw from the website. However, the minute my party walked through the door we were treated with warmth and hospitality. The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable while explaining the dinning process to us. Throughout the meal we were dazzled by the parade of meats brought from the kitchen ever few minutes. (The grilled pineapple was my favorite, though.) The ambiance is dark and intimate yet familiarly warm. My family and I truly enjoyed our meal at Ipanema.
Meat on a stick, served by gauchos with swords. Outstanding salad bar.
After seeing this restaurant in numerous publications in Gainesville, we decided to make the drive and see what the hype was about. Upon first glance, the decor looked quaint and soothing to the eye. Definitely up to par with my expectations of an upscale restaurant. As with any brazilian steakhouse, make sure you come here on a hungry stomach! We came here right around when they opened (4PM) so the salad bar seemed well-stocked and fresh. The potato salad, smoked salmon, and sauteed mushrooms were my favorite. Then came time for the meats. Everything was well seasoned and tasted delicious. The only complaint I had was that my filet mignon seemed a little dry, but that's probably because the piece I received was well-done (I usually like my steaks medium-rare to medium). I expected the filet to be my favorite, but was surprised when I actually liked the bottom sirloin better. So juicy and indescribable burst of flavor! As the other reviews mentioned, the pineapple is a must try as well. Service was pleasant (it wasn't that busy yet) and we definitely enjoyed our meal. Thank you, Ipanema!
We have eaten here a few times and always enjoyed it a lot. The most recent visit was on Easter Sunday. We were there around 1pm and it was not too crowded. The salad bar was fresh and well stocked. My only complaint, is that they did not have balsamic vinagrette. I asked about it and a server said she would get me some. Nine days later and I still haven't seen it. The meats came out very regulary and everything was cooked the way I like it. I prefer my meats medium well. When I told the guys that, they made sure I got meat cooked ot that doneness. The grilled pineapple is sooooooooo good. I could eat that stuff until I pop. Easter service was $40+ per person. My kid ate free. All she has was some tomatoes, cheese and bread. She seemed to enjoy it. They gave us a huge white chocolate egg that the chef made. It was filled with smaller chocolates. It was very pretty. I thought it was a nice touch. My kid wasn't really interested in it, though. She was more concerned about there being no Easter Bunny around to punch in the face. I am giving them extra points for not pretending my kid is cute or cuddly. I am also giving them extra points for allowing her to destroy fried bananas with some meat tongs. All in all it was a good Easter dinner.
Meats of all kinds, from juicy to even dry. The seating was very fancy with the ostrich leather chairs. The salad buffet bar made it seem out of place. I had to wait very long time to even try out some of the meats. Most of the guest had to stop them and ask "ooh what kind of meat is that?" slowed every waiter down. Price is out of reach for frequent visits, and for that price they need to get up and get me my salad and rice.
Okay, so I did not eat here, but the Bar is beautiful.  Ryan, from Baltimore, my Bartender Extraordinaire, was FABULOUS.  I don't know why there weren't more people having cocktails at this beautiful place.  I was transported out of Ocala for at least an hour and a half.  Thank you for my brief escape from reality.
I do not think I would come here twice.  The food was good but the service... Terrible! When you ask for a refil you do not expect it to take around 15-20 min unless they are busy... they were not in fact aside from my table they had only one more table (another waitress was at). I did not leave much of a tip and that takes a lot for me not to leave a tip.
Although I do not eat steak, pork or chicken I did eat there when I did. Food is always good. Drinks are amazing. Now I eat the salad bar which I don't usually do at any restaurant however there's is great and have huge shrimp and hot rice and black beans and am quite satisfied without eating all that meat. I love the ambiance. I think they have added some appetizers in the bar area for those that do want a hugh meal.  This one is here to stay.
Neat place to eat for something different. Expect to eat a lot! The salad bar is excellent. The steak is pretty good. And the cinnamon banana is the best! Great place for a special occasion or group gathering. Make reservations.
Awesome food!
Me and my wife went to this place to celebrate her getting a better job. The meat was excellent and the roasted pineapple was incredible! The salad bar is ok but the drinks have some kick. Very pricey our meal was 100 bucks and we only had 1 drink but well worth it.
Took my husband to this restaurant, he's the meat-eater, and we had a great meal. I kept full off the "condiment bar" and he kept the waiters busy running with the skewers of meat. I did indulge in a couple bites of meat and they were good, especially the lamb! Will definitely go back and take some friends with us!
One word: Awesome!
I took at a party of 4 on Saturday night for a great salad bar.  We had all been to this restaurant a few months ago to eat but thought this time we needed to limit the food intake given that we are all seniors trying to lose some weight.  So, we had plans to eat at the salad bar at what we thought would be a reasonable price.  We remember how good the salad bar was on a past trip. Turns out the price had gone from  $19 (somewhat reasonable given the choices) to $26.  The price for the full meal was about the same as our previous trip but the salad bar price had inflated without any noticeable changes to the item choices.  So, we all agreed that the salad bar, although still having some great picks, was not worth the price.  If you aren't going to eat the full meal, you can get much better value for a salad bar (and even a meal) at almost any other fine restaurant.  Great ambiance and food but not worth the price.
The salad bar was ok, but much better than that of Texas de Brazil.  All kinds of steak are tasty, and seasoned well (but I have to say that Texase de Brazil has better quality of the meat.)  The best thing is that they serve cinnamon pineapple. Whenever, I feel that I have too much meat, one sliced pineapple will refresh my stomach and I can eat more meat. How cool is that!!!! (I wish TdB served cinnamon pineapple too.)   The atmosphere is fantastic. I love it.  The service was very friendly and nice.  Please don't try side dishes.  They are dry, and they will fill you up.  By the way, don't go there for lunch.  It is cheaper, but one one kind of steak is served.   Don't try chicken and pork, because they are dry. (Chicken and pork are dry in TdB too.  No idea why both restaurants cannot serve tasty chicken and pork).   If people ask me to choose one between ipanema and TdB.  I will go with ipanema.  That's how much I love Ipanema.
