Great place to go for special nights. Is really nice to have wonderful gourmet food here and again. I always love it! Great experience.
Good wine. Food was not good. There were 8 of us & no one enjoyed their meal. Small potions. Some food over cooked, others under cooked. Worse dinner we've had in a long time.
The one and only fine dinning in Ocala has now turned to HORRIBLE! The duck was cold and very bland.. The cheese platter was nothing more than the toppings used on the salads. Changing management was a bad move. STAY FAR AWAY! Then to top our night off our 50.00 wine card we had to purchase would not work so Jay manually poured 2 glasses and asked for 40.00 cash.. Which I handed him. Got our bill and the 40.00 was on there. The manager came over and I explained.. I even ask her to view the camera above the wine he poured and she would see. She would not do that. Said we had to pay! What a terrible manager. Unless you like typical banquet food...STEALING STAFF and treated like a criminal.. AVIOD THIS PLACE! It won't be around long with the new owners and staff!
For Ocala fine dining it was very good.. The wine dispensers were acting up a little bit though.. A few were just empty I think.   Got crab cake appetizer which everybody seems to like, it was good.  Also got a big steak which I enjoyed as well.  I will most definitely be coming back.
Ok.  We are not cheap but some things just need to make sense. This place could be way cooler if you could taste a half dozen different wines for a set tasting fee since they do boast you can taste 104 different wines by using only a swipe of a programmed wine tasting card.  The automatic wine tasting machines are very fun and sophisticated, however, in order to figure out what your pallet is in the mood for, you have to pay $4.00 and WAY up for a 1 oz. tasting.  We tried four 1 oz tastes and  we were already at $40.00 without even getting a full glass.  Two of the wines we tasted were rancid.  Honestly, we lived in wine country and you know when the wine has gone bad.  So enough about the wine, I ended up with a vodka tonic.  Oh...the Pinot that we really did like they ran out of. I ordered the pescataro with  raspberry risotto.  The shrimp and lobster tail was way over cooked and chewy...a sure sign of not being fresh.  The risotto was so mushy making it hard to identify I was eating risotto.  Keep in mind a restaurant advertising $$$ means it better be perfect for the price.  I guess coming from Santa Barbara one  gets spoiled as most of the restaurants there were $$$ and $$$$.  My husband had the pork chops with purple potatoes.  Chops were tough and the tators were flavorless.   This place has so much potential but they are doing it wrong and so not worth it for the price.  I must say the service was exceptional.
Was referred to this place by a close friend. We took him and his wife for his birthday. I have to say it was a nice restaurant but a bit inconsistent on what they had. I would expect a place like this to have lobster which they didn't. At least that night they didn't. Service was excellent although a bit lax in refilling water. Overall I would come back for special occasions. Dr lance Kim has a nice place for sure.
This place earns its reputation for five star cuisine in Ocala. From the appetizer (crab cakes), to the entrée (eggplant), I came away impressed with the quality of food. Fresh ingredients and made to order, is definitely the case at this establishment. Service was top notch, and the environment set a rather upscale mood. Reservations were well taken care of. As such, I'll be recommending this place highly, for those who'd like to spare no expense on local fine dining.
Wonderful place.  The food was fantastic and the service was wonderful.  Ray, our server really pulled the experience together.  Charles, GM is doing a great job. We were treated like royalty.  A great selection of wines and the menu is very good.  I had a hard time choosing what I wanted.  Definitely a 5 star restaurant.  It is upscale dining so the prices reflect that but it is well worth it.  I'll certainly return to this restaurant when I'm back in town.
Cuvée Wine & Bistro has an interesting business plan, which combines two different concepts: a restaurant, and self-service wine dispensers. It occupies part of a former bank building, but has been redecorated in a pleasant, trendy way. High booth backs keep the noise level down, although the old farts next to us were quite rowdy. Each dining room is surrounded by rows of wine dispensers, some refrigerated for the whites, others not, for reds. There are well over 100 selections, available in 1, 2.5 or 5 ounce pours. As with other such places, you load a card with money, and then it's debited as you use the machines. We arrived at 6:30 and things were fairly quite, but the restaurant soon filled up. What's interesting about the success of the place is that it doesn't seem to be driven by all the wine dispensers that surround the dining rooms. We saw few other patrons wandering around to try different wines with each course. Instead, most either let the waiter bring them a glass of something, or ordered a bottle for the table. Still, being surrounded by all those glowing bottles probably boosts wine sales. I couldn't see the bar from where we sat, so I don't know how much tasting traffic originated there. The food was mostly very good. A cheese sampler plate offered a nice variety, and my clam appetizer was delicious. Salads were fine, and the steaks Linda and Martin had were good quality. I liked my eggplant napoleon, too. Service was excellent: attentive yet not rushing us. The wines are more fairly priced than at the other self-serve wine place I've been to. Unfortunately, of four high end wines we tried (Tapestry, a Nuits St. Georges, a Pommard, and Dominus) all were spoiled by having been open a long, long time. As evidenced by the strong geranium smell, the dispensing system can't keep them good forever. Our waiter cheerfully credited us for the wines we complained about, but they should have been removed, rather than left for the next sucker. None of the lower priced selections had this problem, and we tried many. Best QPR (quality to price ratio) was the Bell Petite Sirah. It was fun to try small tastes of many different wines with our food. We all agreed we would return.
Stopped in here while visiting my folks.  Definitely the nicest place I've been to in Ocala (and this is based on my having lived there for several years).  Very large wine selection but the prices were ridiculous!  The food was delicious and the servers will gladly help you pair a wine with your meal if you aren't sure what to order. All in all a great place to go if you want to have some nice (but expensive/overpriced) wine and a good meal.
Grass Fed Ribeye was the best steak I will ever have. Tender tasty lean and cooked to perfection ( med-rare ) Wife had the free range roasted chicken (DeLiciouS). The cuvée system with membership card is great! Each course is a heavenly balance of organic art and simple sophistication.. I know I'm probably sounding a little ridiculous, but I was really blown away with the attention to detail that went into creating the cuvée wine and bistro experience.
Dined at Cuvee for the second time. This was a very pleasant dining experience. Staff were all very attentive,but yet not intrusive. Menu was varied & interesting. Entrees each have a slight twist to make it different from most other restaurants. Wine list is exceptional. Food ,service & ambience all above average.Well worth a visit. jerseytish
Best restaurant in Ocala. I had no idea Ocala was capable of having such a swanky establishment. If you're accustomed to fine dining.....this is as close as you will get in north central florida. The drinks were strong ( plus) and our server was amazing. He actually sliced my lamb for me ( which was amazing). I recommend the crab cakes as an appetizer. For dessert, i wanted the bananas foster but they were out of bananas. So he did a strawberry version of the dish instead. It was deliciously paired with vanilla ice cream. All in all, i loved this place. Very upscale and worth every penny!
Haute cuisine and fine wine dispensed from Slurpee-like vending machines raise questions about the evening's brow height. The check provides welcome clarity.
Wow. In ocala. In a land of cows, farms, and run down motels, there is a shining star.  This place is tops for me in Ocala.  Trendy decor and an upscale crowd.  The servers are very knowledgeable about the wine list.  If you like wine and love great food, this is the PLACE to go.
Ocala has very few really NICE restaurants and this is at the top of the list. Ambiance is great and the food is even "greater"!  Customer service plus.  Truly intimate setting, they even have a fire place! Private dining rooms if you have a group.  I have eaten at many restaurants all over the world and even if you do not drink wine you can enjoy the evening! Full bar and unique wine choices from all over.  You select your wine and the amount you want with your wine card. Make it a MUST go to!
Very nice place to go for wine tastings or wine pairings with course dinners. Great staff and service also.
Excellent food; terrific service.  High quality fish and meat.  Everything was fresh and prepared by a chef that knows what he is doing. We had a wonderful birthday dinner here.
Nice people, good wine and great food. It was our first visit and we really enjoyed ourselves. We went early before the crowd which was a good idea since it was our first time and we needed to find out how they do things. The bartender waited on us and we asked a lot of questions. He was very nice, very helpful and impressed my son with his knowledge of the wines. They have 104 botles for tastings. It was great fun.
I went to the Cuvee last night and I have to say that this restaurant is the nicest  and only WINE bar in Ocala.  That have an amazing wine selection and you can buy a wine card when you go there and walk around the restaurant and find a wine that you like and insert your card and get a taste or a glass of wine from the auto feeder.  Fantastic time
Went there for my bday while in town for a wedding. We had a private room and our server, Dana, was awesome!  I was surprised to see such a place in Ocala. Great concept! The atmosphere is cool and hip and being able to taste until you find your perfect wine is really fun. It adds up quick, but it's worth it. The food was good, but I expected a little better given the feel of the place. They need to refine the plates a bit.  It sounds great and is probably better than anything else in town, but the plates could use more of a chef's touch - not a cook's touch.  We had a blast and I will definitely go again next time I'm in town.
The best restaurant in Ocala, with the best wine selection.
I was in Ocala on business and on our first night here we were blown away by the amazing food, service, and decor that we came back on our second (and last) night in town. Service was top notch. Everyone who works there was friendly and attentive (and funny!) frmo the moment we walked in but our servers on each night, Ray and Mark were also extremely knowledgeable and helpful. The food was delicious, everything from the salad to the filet, mango chicken, just so incredibly fresh and perfectly done. We had the banana foster on one night and then creme brulee the next. The wine machines were a first for us but we had a blast trying out the various kinds of wine. Prices were reasonable for an upscale restaurant, especially compared to what one would normally spend  at an average restaurant in Manhattan. I wish a restaurant like this existed in my area. Maybe it does but the non pretentious, sincere and friendly service is certainly what sets Cuvee apart. Dining here was a breath of fresh air! I can't wait to come back.
What a fun and delicious experience!  The wine list is extensive and Jesse, our server, went out of his way to provide excellent service. The decor is beautiful.  The food is amazing ... I think the gold standard of a restaurant is how well they make their crab cakes ... And the crab cakes here are probably the best I've ever had.
We stopped in Ocala on our way to St. Petersburg overnight.  Looked on Yelp for Wine Bars.  This was a perfect pick.  Great wine, great food and great service.  Wish it was our neighborhood restaurant!!!  Next time we are in town, this is a must.  Make reservations!  it's popular.... :)
Very nice meal and service with the extra feature of a great wine list and a high tech debit card that allows you to serve yourself and sample.
