I am a simple person and have expectations in line when going to a bar/restaurant. The Ocala Ale House is one of the Miller Ale House chains.  In Ocala, they do a great job not acting like a chain.   I sat at the bar and was immediately serviced.  Ordered a beer and told the bartender I wanted some Zingers, hot, with honey mustard on the same (they have great honey mustard sauce). My beer came quick and cold.  My Zingers came hot and delicious.  I have no complaints on this visit or the majority of my visits.  I am not a regular and I do not get that "regulars" touch but they were friendly enough....even giving me a free beer from a wrong pour. I recommend the Ocala Ale House....great atmosphere, good food, above average service.  And consistency of food....the Zingers are always great.
I have to concur with the review by Jennifer C. Applebees, but not.  My of age sister ordered a drink with no id and they wouldn't serve her which defeated the purpose of our going, but i guess i understand.  Since she's super hot, you know they will be a stickler about age restrictions for serving booze.  High School seniors beware ;)
Great food, borderline awesome. But, I'm a beer guy. And a place called Miller's Ale House. Should have "ALE" not an attitude from the bartender when asked "what Ale's do you have on tap" and not one person knew which beer was an ale. Turns out 24 lagers (boring) 2 stouts, and 5 Ale's. When I asked why so few ale's at a place called " millers ale house" we don't sell Miller either was the response. Foods good so was the service. But I'm a beer guy.
Last week, as I was driving to Orlando, I stopped in Ocala to see some relatives. We were running late for an event, so we needed a drink and some quick grub. The obvious choice was wings, beer and something called a Zinger. Basically a half to a third of a chicken breast breaded and served with a sauce. So, reviewing these menu items isn't going to take much time and effort. Wings were moist and the sauces and rubs (spicy garlic-hot and garlic) were enjoyable, good quality chicken, each wing was a good size. The beer was served very quickly and considering we golfed 18 in the hot sun earlier, felt like the best beer I ever had. It apparently was Icehouse, so I may have suffered a touch of heat stroke. The highlight, other than my wonderful company, was our server. I didn't get his name, but he was on point. He must have heard me and my cousin debating wing sauces, because when he served us, he brought 2 ramekins of other sauces I was interested in tasting. I was very impressed by this, as he was slammed with tables and was hustling drinks and plates to and fro. The restaurant was PACKED, from bar to all of the tables with many different customers. Young couples, good 'ole boys, older folks, etc. It's my guess there are not many of these pub/restaurants around because it was a Tuesday night and again, they were quite busy. I can't imagine how busy they must be come football season.
I was recently in Ocala for a soccer tournament and had several hours to kill between games so we decided to go to the Ale House on both Saturday and Sunday because we could watch football and they have some games and pool for the kids. Between the group of people we were with we tried many different items - Fish Tacos, Fish Sandwich, Chicken Wings, Chili, salads, etc. All of it was pretty good. My complaint about this place is the service, or lack of service. Both days they were busy and it is not the servers fault, but the management for not having enough staff. Both days we were brought our drinks quickly, but it then took the server about 20 minutes to come back to take our food order and we often had to search out the server to get another drink because they were so overwhelmed. On Saturday we asked to have one of the TVs turned to a different game and were told only the manager could do that. Well it took her about 15 minutes to finally come over and do it. If you are going to go during football season plan to stay awhile and watch some games, don't go if you are in a hurry.
Just moved to Ocala and went here for my husband's birthday.  The atmosphere is family friendly.  They provide children with an awesome activity book.  They have a good variety of foods on the children's menu, as well as the adult's menu.  Customer service is great.  I give this place only two stars because I do not believe the food is good tasting.  We ordered the Ale house Combo and the Seafood Medley.  I did not believe anything on these two plates tasted well.  Perhaps their pizzas and burgers taste better.  Willing to try this place again and order something different.  However, the Capt'n Jack Buried Treasure is AMAZING!!!!!
Its like applebees.  Cool place for appetizers, booze, and good people, but as far as a good meal, tastes like microwavable food.  I definitly love going there for the atmosphere, always full of life!
Ahh the Ale house! The only reason we go back time after time is because of Jessica the waitress. She is always kind and knows us as regulars. Many times our order was messed up by the cook staff and she has fixed it right away.
Chicken Nachos are great. Share them with someone or it will be wasted.
Worth the visit just for the drinks and the beer selection.
