Good ol' southern cooking at its tastiest; at least for the Ocala region. Shrimp and Grits, Gator Nuggets, and Corn Custard. Yums! Slow but friendly service.
A great bar & grill in central Florida.  We stopped here on our way from Atlanta to Disney, and we're pleasantly surprised.  Fried gator (mild taste like pork or chicken, with a bit of chewy texture like calamari) for an appetizer, and gator Philly cheesesteak for the sammich.  Sweet potato fries were good, they had a local craft beer on tap, and  my son enjoyed his burger.  Definitely recommended for a family on the road looking for a break from Fast food.
Most recent health inspection shows 2 critical violations. One for thermometers provided and another for water source safe. If you like gator, this is the place for you. Any way you want it. Ribs, steak & bites among other foods of course. The restaurant area and restrooms seemed clean. I'm hoping I came in at a slow time because there was only one patron & that was at the bar. By the time I left though there were a few other customeras. Everything comes with a side and you have maybe 8 choices of a side. I had the blackened gator philly. Who would think of this concoction? It was fantastic. A gator steak blackened in cajun spice (you can ask for more or less when you order) with all the philly fixings on a sub roll. I opted for the cheese grits side. Which did Not come w/the usual piece of velveeta on top. The cheese was cooked into the grits. The gator philly was fantastic but there was something very salty about it that I couldn't figure out. All prices are average and the server was excellant. A nice find sandwiched in between two motels. Where else in central FL can you get a Gator Philly???????
Lunch there this week.  The service was lackluster, especially considering a lack of customers.  However, stars for the well prepared food, a blackened chicken breast with beans and rice, and fried shrimp.  I should have been more adventurous and had some of the gator selections, but still had 3 hours travel ahead.  Maybe next time.  Waitstaff - pay attention!
It's a new restaurant, the staff is a little disorganized, but if u have patience, the food is worth the wait.  Their Ruben sandwich & fried catfish was amazing.  Its a great place to relax and eat outdoors.
Great wait staff. I had the shrimp and grits and it was wonderful. I am a grits expert and this grits were right close to perfect. I ate my lunch while looking thru the plate glass windows at the rain coming down on the beautiful rainbow river. Perfect lunch.
When I walked in the stale smell almost sent me packing.  The decor is dingy but the food was great.  We had gumbo, jambalaya, alligator bites and Philly cheese steaks.  Would eat here again.
