What's not to love? Great beer selection at low prices, decent pub menu, more TV's than you could possibly stare at and a great atmosphere. We came in on a Sunday night to watch some football, have some drinks and eat a relaxing dinner and stayed for the night. The food was pretty good (I got the Irish Dip sandwich) and the beers were flowing. At the end of the night our bill was half of what we thought it should be. The service was great The only negative is really the location. Aside from that, it's definitely worth the trip.
My server was an immature teenager crying about the selection of tv stations. The chicken tasted boiled and microwaved so that it could later be served cold. I could not even get a refill of beer because the bartenders were too busy gossiping behind the counter. I paid my bill and left with a two penny tip.
I really hate negative writing ,but when u don't  even get served. Everyone seemed to be ignoring I self and my boyfriend Sorry that's a no , no in my book. After 10 minutes we left . they weren't even that busy.
Food most good, my fries were very greasy and the bacon was over cooked, but everyone enjoyed their food. They did mess up on one order and took 45 minutes to get food at 11:10 am w only 3 other customers in the place.
Came in on a Friday night had great fast service.  Order the pastrami and it was awesome.   Live music was playing.  Service was good.  Made a mistake with my food and fixed it rather fast.  I will be going back.  Music was good as well
The Tilted Kilt is one of those spin-offs from Hooters, only executed a little better, in my opinion. Maybe that's because it's more unique and to the liking of this Celt.  It's a relaxing place with a good sized bar and a pleasant atmosphere. If I lived in Ocala, I could see this place being a frequent stop for a few beers. Having my 2 of favorite beers on tap, Smithwicks and Hoegaarden, certainly doesn't hurt. For the rest of the review, I had heard mixed reviews on each topic: Ladies, service, and food. Starting with the "ladies", I had better scenery than some others. I'd heard tales of trashy and overweight gals in their tiny kilts and open shirts exposing generous cleavage (an outfit, btw, far superior to Hooters or any other winghouse of it's kind). I was pleasantly surprised to see only slender, attractive waitresses. Maybe that was due to Black ? Next, the service. Not good. It was fine right up until the food arrived. Once the food came, it was impossible to find or wave down our waitress. As the meal was ending and I was still sitting there with an empty beer, I finally got her attention, then watched as she carried my glass away and cleared 2 tables before bringing me another beer. I was in disbelief, especially since the place was pretty damn slow and there was no need or rush to clear the tables before getting my damn beer. I'll admit, this is the first time in many years I haven't tipped at least 20%. The food! Well, it is a pub, so don't expect much, right? I heard from a couple friends that the "Irish" food was horrid, so don't even think about a Sheppards Pie or the like. There were a couple things that sounded really good, but I was in the mood for a Cheesesteak. About as average as average can be. It was a decent size, but nothing memorable at all. The fries are boring. The mashed potatoes for my daughter were pretty bad (the waitress at least warned us about that, but there was nothing else baby friendly on the menu). I wouldn't mind trying the sausage and peppers, a flatbread, and I should have ordered some wings with the signature sweet and spicy sauce. I'm rarely in Ocala, so it's not likely I'll go back when there's a Longhorns in town. It would be a 2 star, but the atmosphere and bar bump it up to 3. If I was basing it on that alone, it might even get a 4 star as a pure drinking place (and sitting AT the bar, not at a table).
Great service, nice hearty food for a chilly day, everyone(6) enjoyed their food. The atmosphere was a quaint pub like setting.
This is one of those few bars in Ocala where you can go and relax after work. Great atmosphere and service, and their poker night is great fun.
This place is like a Hooter and Ale House all in one. Good food and great place to hang out to watch sports.
this is a nice reasonably clean restaurant.  However, have been there twice and food is not consistent, one time was great next time not so great.  The waitress' are darling and quite respectful.  I being an old woman find that refreshing.
