Who knew we would find a great place to eat and relax in Ocklawaha. We decided to take a road trip up to the The Villages and Gator Joe's is only about 20 minutes from there. I've driven by this place so many times and I never knew it existed. The restaurant is nestled along the lakefront and it's surrounded by giant trees with hanging moss, very cool. We arrived late afternoon and it was not busy at all. They sat us down on the outside deck overlooking Lake Weir. Down below you see people bathing in the lake along with picnic tables and umbrellas to protect them from the scorching Florida sun. Our server, Little Red, was prompt and took care of our service exceptionally well. We ordered some Peel & Eat Shrimp to begin and they were fresh and medium sized. I noticed many people with a Bacardi bucket so I ordered what they call VooDoo Juice which consists of Coconut Rum, Pineapple Rum, Citrus Rum, Banana Rum and Dark Rum blended with Orange, Pineapple and Cranberry Juice served in a 32 oz. bucket. The house specialty is Gator but I am not a fan of Gator. They have many alligator options including Gator Tail. They also offer fish, clams, frog legs, chicken and meat options. My wife had the Baby Back Ribs Dinner which was very good. The sauce had a good spicy kick and they serve a full rack for $16 bucks. I also went the meat route and ordered the Rib Eye which was a bit peppery but overall it had good flavor. One thing that caught my curiosity was the plasticware they provide. Silverware is necessary for certain foods like steak and that's something they should consider implementing. We chose to skip dessert because the Russell Stover Chocolate Factory in Wildwood is on the way home and that's a must stop. After seeing what Gator Joe's has to offer, we will definitely be back for a beach day.
If you're visiting anywhere in the area, this is a must stop; an eatery on a big lake with its own beach, fun drinks, great Happy Hour, tons of colorful history and quotes posted about. Every big lake in Central Florida should have one of these. The beach makes it an all-day destination. The sand is very fine and the waves are only a few inches high at most with zero percent chance of sharks or tsunamis. Since I got the gator bites on both visits, I can attest that they are excellent. A medium breading give the gator a crunchy exterior while the meat was very tender. We had them with Ranch and Buffalo, both sauces complemented the bites. The salads were fresh, devoid of any yellow or brown edges, with the Shrimp and Krab being a notch better than the House Salad with Shrimp. 2-4-1 Happy Hour on Yeungling timed well with the 3pm World Cup games. The Voodoo Bucket was potent but not overly sweet. Gator Tea, a Sweet Tea Vodka mixture, was too smooth. Note; refills are NOT free. Gator Joe's embraces the local terrain and a bit of the local cuisine with its famous Gator Bites, but the rest of the menu is fairly standard American fair. My only advice is to add a few more local ingredients with local-themed dishes as well as a few of those excellent new Florida brews on tap. Nonetheless, this is my new hangout in the Ocala area.
We (and our family) love this place. Friendly staff, great value seafood. I really don't understand the people who say this place is "expensive." That being said, we live in New York City, so I guess anything below $10 US at a restaurant (anywhere) is a great value. Came here with my wife after our engagement for a fun, adventurous visit to Floridaland, and brought our in-laws. We had a blast. UNLIMITED FRIED SHRIMP TUESDAYS! It's true, and totally worth it. I think we paid $10 for unlimited shrimp. If you think $10 for unlimited fried shrimp is too much, you shouldn't be going out to eat....anywhere. I had 4 boats of shrimp. The beers are beer...in that they are good. We got a bucket full of some kind of booze. Thank goodness we weren't driving. It was great. Totally off the beaten path. The general manager is awesome. Even though I forget his name, he's a great guy. Everyone there was just a joy. Great for families, or people just looking for quality no-frills seafood and cheap booze. Again, if you don't think the booze here is cheap, or that the food prices are a great value (they are) you should probably reconsider whether your financial situation condones dining out. Highlight of the visit: There was a sign behind the bar listing the daily specials. It read, "Buy two drinks, pay full price." Hilarious. (Drinks start at $2.00 US)
Gator Joe's what can I say a local restaurant with a lot of local charm make sure you try to get a seat out on the deck with a view of the lake. What to say about the food local fair the wings are so so. What they advertise as a Philly cheesesteak sandwich they need to send someone to Philly to try a real Philly cheesesteak they need to incorporate the bread that is used in a real Philly cheesesteak. Their bread is definitely subpar. I went with a group of others everyone seemed to have a good time and enjoyed what they ordered. The waitresses were friendly, helpful and quick with your order. I would recommend going there for an afternoon's lunch you won't go wrong it's a fun experience. The prices were reasonable and we will go back. A thumbs up.
Every time I make a trip home to Florida, we make it a point to stop at Gator Joe's. Staff is great and food is fantastic! Fritters, gator and frog legs are outstanding.
It can be quite busy on the weekends, especially during the summer. Very popular local hang out. Overall the food is good. Some things are much better than others. Gator tail is always very good. Most of the other fried seafood is worth a shot too.  Try the "when pigs fly sandwich" if you are in the mood for BBQ.
We had our first visit here yesterday for the 4th of July fireworks show on the lake. We will definitely be back again!  The bar/restaurant is much bigger than it appears when you first arrive. The menu is American with some local flavors, such as Gator bites, which I had Philly style (with melted Provolone cheese)! Voodoo juice is for the passengers because two of these and you are definitely over the legal limit!  Not too sweet, an adult drink that I enjoyed!  My wife had the "When pigs fly" sandwich which was huge and delicious, she almost finished it!  I also had the jambalaya which was also very good!  Full bar, and daily specials, both inside and dockside!  We'll be going there often from now on!
One of a kind. This place is a real treasure. All the best you would expect in Florida. Go play volleyball, get a tan, go swimming, lounge on the deck, sip some "gator juice", or just go to see the big game. Great year round. The prices are cheap and everything is so tasty, I don't see how they do it. Free beach access for customers. I've docked hear with my boat to grab lunch several times. Memorable to say the least.
Food is good but not great and the portions could be bigger. More of a beach-bar than a dining establishment in my opinion. Waitstaff is always nice and attentive, especially Natalie. It's a nice place to sit on the dock and get blitzed.
I love this bar! We only ever sit on the deck. The deck is pretty big and is shaped like the capital letter I. They serve standard bar food, deep fried anything, brought to your table usually in a basket. Yes, gator tail is on the menu. The bar is always pretty lively, borderline biker bar. There are always plenty of bikes parked out front. You can also park your boat on the beach. Pitchers of beer are served with a bag of ice in it. Pretty efficient actually. It serves to keep the beer cold without watering it down. I've never seen this technique before.  The pitcher(s) usually go down pretty fast so the bag-of-ice is a non issue.
Loved this Lil Florida Jewel! We went for the motorcycle ride , and the Margaritas...and stayed for the fish n chips. Awesome atmosphere, great live music, affordable, Family friendly! Lil Man made beach to hang out on ! Great great lil place they have going! Tons of photo opps, witty service , I could go on and on!
Was recommended to try this place by our shuttle driver, telling us the gator was sliced thin and fried in a tempura like batter for the "Philly cheesesteak" and we'd probably prefer it over the bites because they're a bit chewy. All 3 of us were sold, so we ventured on over. We've never had gator before and being on vacation we felt we had to try something new. Low and behold the "cheese steak" was not sliced, but were the fried bites. (nicely fried i might add. Not greasy at all.) Was a little disappointing but I still enjoyed it! Gator itself had a clean taste. I can't say it taste like chicken because to me, it didn't. It just had a light clean taste to me. Some pieces however were more fatty and you could tell you were eating something new. However, the sandwich itself wasn't all that great. (i forgot what it's called that's why I keep referring to it as "cheese steak")  I probably would have been better off just getting the Gator Bites Basket with fires (fries with the sandwiches were $.75 more. ) I did however enjoy the sauce it came with and it defiantly pulled the sandwich more together and brought the taste out in the gator bites. For the Frog Legs, they were really nicely battered and fried. HUGE pieces and the basket came with about 5. They were very meaty, so if you're a frogs legs fan, I would defiantly recommend them. However I found them to taste fishy, so I wasn't a huge fan because even though frogs live pretty much in the water I just couldn't wrap my head around it. (Never had frogs legs before.) You can also substitute fries and coleslaw for 2 different sides. I enjoyed the view very much. We sat outside on the deck that extended over the water. There were steps that went down to the beach and the water was very inviting. There was also a volley ball net, and a bar outside on the deck. Prices were vey reasonable, for 3 of us, with iced teas, it was about $49.
Tasty fish basket and reasonable prices.  However they use a lot of plasticware and plastic cups which are not ideal to protect the environment.  Would definitely return because the food was so tasty
The place is themed up all about Joe the Gator, it's pretty cool. The food was good, but the only way to best describe it......is "bar-on a beach-food". Lots of fried food. We had the Fish Basket and the fried Clam Strip Basket. Not bad, we would return if in the area again.
The fish and shrimp are very good. Plenty to eat. Different all you can eat every night during the week. Lots of outside seating on the deck.
Okay, driving up and feeling the wet wind on my face, I was momentarily transported to the beach.  Lovely setting and lots of Harleys out front (I'm sure there were Honda's, too, but I wouldn't know!).  I'm getting more and more optimistic by the minute; have I lived here for over two years and missed a gem?   You need to drink to enjoy this place, believe me, so, of course, I did.  Wait.  I have to mention that the music duo was really good.  Soft voices, good songs, lulled me again into thinking I was somewhere else.  Then, I opened my eyes and I'm back in Gator Joe's.
Another great meal at Gator Joe's. Our choices (there were 4 of us) included Gator Chili, Chicken Salad, Poppers, Gator Chili Cheese Fries, Cole Slaw, and Fried Fish. We sat outside on the deck, looking out over the water (Lake Weir)... you can't beat the deck when there's a breeze blowing, and a rain storm in the distance. Waitress was great; food was served quickly.
great location, over the lake, good fried seafood choices, clams, shrimp, gator (yeah eating the mascot of a place sounds wrong, but is oh so good) the French fries are standard the drinks are fun, had the gator juice - sweet which hides the potency and the voodoo juice made with a bunch of rums and served in a bucket, - good thing I wasn't the designated driver on this trip the wait staff are friendly and very attentive
had the gator po' boy.  primarily because i had passed through new orleans late at night and couldn't find a po' boy.  well, that, and i didn't really look anywhere outside of lafitte's or harrah's.   anyways, the gator, well, it was deep fried, and tastes like a jucier chicken.  but it's actually quite good. the location is nice however, with balconly seating that overlooks the calm waters of lake weir. i was tempted to go with 3 and half stars (if that was possible), but serving me a martini in two plastic cups (one with gin, the other with melting ice), and forcing me to mix it myself just doesn't seem right.
Great views from the deck.  Grab a drink and enjoy.  Most of the food is fried.  The fried pickles are delicious and the gator is something fun to try.  Be sure to get the coleslaw as one of your sides.  Closed on Mondays.
Good place to go to take your time. Seating was really slow, but the service was good and the food was great. Simple and exactly what you expect.
Generally, pretty solid; cold beer, good fried food, on a nice day, the deck can't be beat...you could do a LOT worse and only slighly better for the neighborhood.
A fun, boisterous place to go and have some great food. It's loud, busy, and you can spend half the night looking at all the stuff on the walls. Try the gator juice (with coconut rum) and the jambalaya is great. For an interesting back story regarding the name of the place, research the demise of Ma Barker...
I love the atmosphere of this place!  I visit Gator Joe's everytime I visit family in Central Florida.  After a long hard Michigan winter, sitting out on the Gator Joe's deck over looking the lake is a much appreciated treat.  They have Yeungling on tap, which is an added bonus for this Northerner!  You might have to wait a bit to get a seat on the deck, but the wait is worth it!  Grab a drink at the bar and stand outside on the 'outer deck' while you wait.  It is a fun place to people watch with all of the pleasure water crafts that roll up on the beach.  Don't go planning on gourmet food, it's just pub grub, but it certainly meets the standards of a casual lunch.
The food was ok, I got the gator basket and my brother had the gator Philly cheese steak. Nothing too great about the dishes because they were fried.... The service was good but the scenery was perfect. Great weather, wind from the ocean blowing, and a small beach right at your toes. I could sleep there if I were allowed to. If I ever was in Ocala FL again I'd have to hit up that spot.
