I've seen the Falls first from the US side and then, years later, from the Canadian side. There simply is no comparison. The Canadian view is absolutely stunning. The river thunderously crashing down is, in a word, awe inspiring. The Falls dominate the scene. It is hard to imagine the raw natural power of the Falls until you see it. Very very cool. review 8/7/2008 I.M.Y.
I wasn't expecting much when I came to Niagara Falls.  I knew it would be an impressive natural phenomenon, but I had heard so many bad things about the American side that I didn't have very high expectations.  This place blew my expectations away, and I'd honestly come visit again if I were in the area. The falls themselves are very impressive.  I had always been told that the Canadian side was more awe-inspiring than the American side, but I visited with American locals, and I saw how the two experiences are different. On the Canadian side (Horseshoe Falls), the falls themselves are much bigger, and they wrap around so that it's really an amazing sight from down below.  But I think Horseshoe Falls is best viewed from the American side, as you get a much more accurate impression of the scale of things from above.  (I say this without having gone on one of the Maids of the Mist, the boats that takes people close to the falls.) The two falls on the American side are much smaller, but you can get right up next to them and even go between them on Luna Island.  I was also really interested in Goat Island and the Three Sisters (connected little islands named after someone's daughters) and Little Brother Island.  It's really amazing that you can get right up next to the rushing water.  I'm actually surprised that more people don't fall in a little bit upstream.  When you go, make sure you stay out of the water (even though at points upriver it looks calm) and that you always know where you are in relation to the flow of the river. There are so many little things to look at besides the falls themselves.  There are the new and old power stations and the Rainbow Bridge and the Whirlpool Bridge. Going across to Canada on foot is fun, although if you're an American citizen you need two forms of ID.  I only had my license, and they hassled me both ways, but I was OK.  Until passports are required, I suggest bringing a license and copy of your birth certificate. The Canadian side is better maintained than the American side, but the Canadian side is also much more crowded, and you'll definitely get wet over there whereas on the American side you can avoid the mist or go down into the Cave of the Wind and get drenched.
Everyone says that the view of the Falls is best from the Canadian side, and they're right. But that doesn't mean there isn't fantastic stuff on the US side, and the State Park of Goat Island is right at the top of the pile. The park includes some major highlights.  Here are a few: 1. Cave of the Winds. Visitors descend down an elevator to a series of passages that lead out to a pathway next to the American falls. The park provides a plastic poncho for each visitor, which you don as you walk the pathway to a wooden deck which is rebuilt each year (because the winter snow and ice destroys it each season). Visitors can climb the various stairways of the deck, close enough to touch the falls, until you get to the Hurricane Deck. This is where the force of the falls is strongest, falling on the decking and creating massive amounts of mist. We stood right on the deck and went under the falling water -- a really thrilling experience which I doubt we'll ever repeat anywhere else! 2. Terrapin Point. This bit of land juts between the American and Canadian falls, so you can see them both just a few feet from you. The water surges past, only to cascade down -- all 200,000 gallons per second -- right in front of your eyes. 3. Three Sisters. These are three small islands that sit at a tangent to the rest of Goat Island. Bridges traverse them, until you get to the very end of the last, where you can climb rocks to get a perfect view of the whitewater and, beyond, the falls. The Falls are obviously the main attraction in this area but the park offers the most stunning and, for my money, appropriate way to view them. The Canadian side is a wasteland of tourist nonsense (Ripley's Believe It Or Not, anyone?), hiding the natural beauty of the place, whereas the American side has preserved the essence of the Falls for centuries to come.
I remember seeing the Falls the first time as a teenager.  From the American side, during the daytime.  I thought it was beautiful then. Little did I know that a few hours later, I would be walking across the border and staring at the majestic beauty of the Canadian side of the falls at night.  With the Falls lit up in bright greens, purples and reds, it was an awesome sight to take in. I remember crossing that border again one night in college, after a night at Casino Niagara.  We walked slowly back to the US border so that we could take in the sight and sounds of Niagara Falls.  So that we could smell the spray of the water in the night air.  It was a fantastic night - even if we weren't big winners at the casino (see my Casino Niagara review to get the exact amount of our winnings...). Niagara Falls could never be anything less than magnificent and I'm happy to have experienced it more than once in my lifetime.
As of 2010  I have fulfilled my bucket list! And yes Niagara Falls was on it! I have nothing to add to the already 75 reviews just some helpful advice for tourists not from NYC. On the web site it says it takes 6 and a half hours at least to drive from the city to Buffalo. niagarafallslive.com/fre… With bathroom breaks and other nonsense it took us 9 hours. It is not a day trip from the city. Do yourself a favor and fly or take a train. But do go it's not to be missed! or (mist)
The water falls ok AND.... Don't get me wrong it is a great thing to look at and enjoy, however the drive there always seems to be a pain. The town is  alos a pain and very annoying. The view is not so great as it is from the canadian site honeslty rather spend a few more min or an hour and go to the canadian side it will be so writh it. The boat trip from the NY side does not seem as "full" as it is from the canadian side. Also you do not get to enjoy the mist cloud that you get on the canadian side. After being on the canadian side the US side is just MEH
I've wanted to come here as a kid FOREVER! I finally made it and it was AMAZING! The Canadian and US side are both great, but just offer different options. So if you're undecided, see below. Canadian Side- * I recommend the Canadian side for the best views (even at night when they light up the falls and have the fireworks-check to see when they have fireworks since it isn't every night). * Attractions on Clifton Hill (see skywheel, etc) *Maid of the mist is on both sides American Side- * The American side is nice if you want to get up and close views of the falls (go to Goat Island and Luna Island-nice view!). Meaning...you're on top of the falls looking down. *Cave of the Winds-you walk down to the bottom of the falls * Trolley ride $2/pp that takes you all around the park (buy at visitor's center)
I'm not sure how to review a wonder of the world, so to speak.  It's wonderful.  Water goes over a cliff and makes mist.  A lot.  Explaining it is pointless; just go and see it. Some hints: - There are very very good reasons people are wearing ugly plastic   ponchos.  If you do not wear one, and you are carrying electronics   or like your hair a certain way, you will regret it. - The wind direction has an awful lot to do with what you can see.  If    it's blowing at the falls, you are in luck. - Pay the buck to go to the observation deck if you're not riding on the   Maid of the Mist.  You will get much better pictures. - Avoid the nearby "International Food Court" unless you want dysentery.   It really, really, really sucks.
I went here for the fourth of July and I will always love this place. This time I did it different. Only because I didn't know that now in order to get into Canada you must have a passport. So I wasn't prepared to see the falls from just the American side only; but who would have known the view is just as good or better. All these times I had been there and never went to the American Niagara Falls Parks. The Parks and viewing the Falls I felt was more intimate and spectacular. I had become one with the falls... all of them. Yes I love to tell it like it is.. so here goes the other thing that stood out was so many Indian people. I asked them why considering maybe a Holy Day I knew nothing of and they explained that for them Niagara Falls is a religious experience. I would agree I feel closer to God here too. One step and whoosh your through.
I can't imagine rating this place any less.  It's one of the world's natural wonders and was amazing.   The only thing is,  the Canadian side looked much better than the American side and unfortunately, no one in the group bothered to bring their passports to cross over.  Next time, I will remember and will definitely pay this place another visit. Oh and the fireworks show was also amazing.
Every bit as beautiful and mesmerizing as I expected.  The power of rushing water, the moving river, watching the boatloads of raincoat clad visitors on the maid of the mist get soaked-- all good fun.  We had absolutely perfect weather which of course, added to the experience.  There's not much excitement in the surrounding areas, but then again, you dont really need the surrounding areas to be exciting.   Instead of planning a week stay there, consider a road trip that includes a day at the falls and then drive down to buffalo or even up the coast of the lake to the thousand islands or a visit to some of the farms and vineyards in the region.   But well worth the trip.
I have many reasons for going to the Falls. It's a great place to go for a run along the River, it's a great place to bring a date (and where my sweetheart and I kissed for the first time), great place to bring your visitors and impress them with one of the 7 natural wonders of the world and even a place where I go to reflect in solitude and soak in the beauty of nature. I was even here to see Nik Wallenda do his tightrope across the Falls, which is a whole other story.. I've done 10+ miles runs here all the way along the Niagara River to the NF bridge and it was amazingly serene and peaceful. I've explored various trails along Goat Island and yes..have gone on the Maid of the Mist (an attraction boat that takes you close to the Falls) a few times as well. The park is well maintained and well worth the visit. It's the most beautiful place in Niagara Falls in a city that's otherwise pretty depressing and rundown. The Falls is an amazing sight and the tourist attractions offered that you have to pay for are pretty good, but just coming here and looking at the Falls is free and majestic enough. Protip: don't pay for parking, park on the street and walk 1/4 mile to the park, you lazy butt! So grateful to live so close to this amazing sight. In the winter, it's even more beautiful so if you've never seen this natural wonder with snow all around, you gotta plan another trip back!
I came to Niagara Falls and expected to be wow'd.  Instead I was meh'd.   This is cool I guess but the Grand Canyon was much more beautiful in my opinion.  Why am I comparing it to the Grand Canyon?  Well, the Grand Canyon and it's surrounding areas are over 100-200% cheaper.  The falls are pretty but the surrounding restaurants and surrounding businesses jack up their prices because they can. The Grand Canyon was also less crowded and less aggravating to get to.  We drove from Boston to Hershey, PA and Hershey, PA to Niagara Falls.  The tolls on the NY I-90 were insane and made Massachusetts tolls look like they cost only pennies.   I came out here to see the falls and go to Canada.  Now I can say I did both.  Will I come back here?  Doubtful.  There is so many more things to see, but........I will recommend anyone see it just once.  It's something that only requires a day and you can go into Canada and see some sights as well.
The Discovery Tour package is only worth it if you plan to do all of the attractions included... that being said, you should definitely get the Discovery Tour package and do all the attractions. My best tip I can give you is to do the Cave of the Winds first. Not only because it does get busy and long lines the quickest, but also because they will give you a free pair of waterproof sandals to wear on the attraction that you can then take with you and wear on the Maid of the Mist and Journey Behind The Falls (Journey isn't included in the Discovery package, but you should still do it) to avoid your own shoes that you'll be wearing all day getting soaked. And they WILL get soaked!! Try to secure a railing for Maid of the Mist for best picture options, but be ready to pull your camera inside your poncho once the mist comes raining down on you... again... or better yet, bring a waterproof camera! The Discovery Center is kind of boring unless you have children, you could skip it altogether but since it's part of your package deal might as well stop in and at least watch the 10 minute video... It's a nice chance to sit down and relax a bit. The aquarium is also included in your Discovery tour package and is worth a quick walk through... and it will be quick! The place is small!! Stop and wave to a sea lion and penguin and be on your way! The trolley is also included in your tour package, and is definitely worth it!! Take the trolley to avoid all the long walks. The International Food Court Welcome Center has the cheapest parking option - $10.00 all day. If you're just stopping by the Falls for the evening to see the illuminated falls and fireworks on the weekend, you can find free parking at sunset in most of the paid lots on Goat Island. The best view of the falls/fireworks is by far on the Canadian side. Photo ops are great from the bridge if you're walking across the border, and anywhere on the Canadian side. Take a quick stop in the little shops and take in the kitschy tourist trap that IS the Canadian side of the border... you'll have to walk right through it to get to the Sky Wheel, which is totally worth it!! Try to time your Sky Wheel visit to when the falls are illuminated or the fireworks are going off... not easy to do, since everyone else has the same idea... After you ride sky wheel, get the heck out of that tourist trap Hell! If you're looking for deals, definitely shop at Duty Free. They have great prices on maple syrup, maple sugar, maple candy, ice wine and other souvenirs. Canadian prices are ridiculously high and their taxes will kill you! Canada dollar to US dollar is basically 1:1 right now, so no need to get Canadian dollars as long as you're sticking around the border area. They'll take US dollars in Canada. The border agents are notoriously unfriendly, so don't expect a smile or even any semblance of a friendly word. If you're looking to eat at a restaurant with a view of the Falls, skip Top of the Falls on the American side, and do yourself a huge favor and visit the sister location on Canada's side called "Elevation at the Falls"... much better views and much better food!!
Niagara Falls has to be one of the best landmarks I've ever seen. Everyone says that the Canadian side is better, which is true for views and pictures, but it's also hard to compare the two. The Canadian side has the casinos, downtown bustle, and tourist glamour, while the American side has kept it relatively clean from any urban pollution. It's mostly preserved as a state park, which is nice. There are a number of activities to do such as the ever popular Maid of the Mist and Cave of the Winds tour. I recommend skipping the Discovery Center and the aquarium. The IMAX movie is also not worth $13 individually, but if you happen to buy the package, it's a nice break from all that walking around. The history surrounding the waterfalls are quite interesting, including all the stories of individual triumphs. There are also fireworks on some nights starting around 10:00 pm. Watching the falls in the daytime is pretty majestic, but they light up the falls from the Canadian side at night and it's just spectacular. I recommend detouring to visit if you're anywhere near this area.
So my cousins took my family to Niagara Falls for a couple days. It was roughly a 7-hour drive from Philadelphia, but we practically drove across the entire state of New York. After seeing the Maid of the Mist tour in Bruce Almighty, I suggested that we do it to get an up close look at the falls. Its pretty crazy to see how massive the falls were, whether it be on the U.S. side or the Canadian side (Canadian side is better though). The view from the boat was a bit overwhelming since it looked like our boat was going to get pwn3d from going too close. On the Canadian side, you can also get a good view of Niagara since the street is almost level with the top of the falls. Need a date idea? Go here at night and look at it while its lit up with different lights. Bonus if you come here during July. I went here a few days after July 4th, and they also set off fireworks in addition to the lights. Very intimate experience apparently, since I saw many couples enjoying the view. I still need to travel more often.
I agree with the other reviews of Niagara Falls that it's very impressive, and that although the American Falls is nice, the Canadian side is even more impressive. They must've zoned it differently, since there's mostly just gardens and trees on the American side, whereas the hotels and restaurants and fun consumer human stuff is built almost right up to the sightseeing side of the Canadian side. Mainly, I want you to know that if you book a place to stay, go for the Canadian side, or bother with the drive in from Buffalo, because Niagara Falls the city is a sleepy little town: good for driving through and stopping for a snack, but not really interesting to stay in. Don't forget your passport if you cross the border, and to clear your car of all those suspicious items covered in white powder! I suppose there is also that casino on the American side to note, but I'm not a big fan of those..
We visited during off season. Early February. There is not much to do, no helicopter rides, no maid of the mist. But thats why we came during off season. No tourists. It was very nice to have a quiet town. We stayed at the HoJo (bit of a dive) but it was so beautifully located. We walked EVERYWHERE! The aquarium was better than expected for $10. and the falls were beautiful in the snow. However, Finding places to eat was a real pain in the @$$. It became a chore to find somewhere good. We had great indian, then great pizza, then we were stuck. It seems that locally there isnt much. We drove to get Fuji Grill (a chain, but delicious) when we couldnt think of anywhere close... Cafe Lola, Zaika Indian Cuisine, Donatellos, and Wine on Third. They were all great... but as far as I can tell... Theyre the ONLY places around. If we had stayed another night, I think we would have started going to the same places over again. Were not about to go to TGI Fridays on vacation! Note: We stayed ONLY on the American side. Next time we will definitely hit up the Canadian side, it seems to offer much more.
This is one of the seven natural wonders of the world.  Do you think it got this title by being unspectacular?  Nope.  Five stars it is. I've been to Niagara Falls twice.  The second time, I was on a cross-country road trip.  Due to haphazard scheduling and my night owl tendencies, we found ourselves heading toward this designated stop very late at night.  I wanted to keep going, but everyone else thought we should find a place to stop for the night.  I can still hear echoes of their protests: "Janna, it's 2 AM! Niagara Falls is going to be closed!," and, as the road went ever on, "Janna, these signs are all a big prank the locals set up for tourists.  There is no Niagara Falls!  Give it up!" Alas, I was the one behind the wheel, and I am very, very persistent.  Especially in the face of cranky and tired road trip-mates.  My rationale was this: 1) Niagara Falls does exist; 2) The many, many, many signs promising to eventually reveal the Falls serve only to prolong the excitement, 3) It is not possible to cordon off waterfalls churning four million cubic feet of water per minute, and 4) there was a beautiful full moon by which to observe the falls with no one else around. I won the debate, and I am pleased to report that we were all very glad.  I have seen few things as beautiful as this incredible work of nature glowing under that gorgeous moon.  Alas, that moment was made even more special when we woke up the next morning to discover just what an icky tourist trap Niagara Falls is, outside the witching hour.
I love Niagara Falls in all of it's touristy glory. Have to admit though, the evening lights were not as impressive as the postcards make it out to be (there is definitely some Photoshopping involved). The fireworks were a nice touch but also random. Going behind the falls and riding the Maid of the Mist are definite must-sees. I recommend the city bus tours offered by the hotels (at least by our hotel, Four Points). Note that you will be doing a lot of walking. There isn't much parking available to move from place to place, but note that they have a lot of wheelchair access everywhere, so that shouldn't be a problem for anyone.
The American side of the falls leaves a lot to be desired.    After waiting in a line of not-moving traffic for a long time, I was dismayed to find out that the tiny parking lot was full (so that was a waste)....would have been nice to have to signs warning us.    I was about 5 minutes from giving up and just going to the Canadian side, but happened to end up in front of the Casino and parked for free there.    So my experience hadn't gotten off to a great start, and then i saw the crowds of folks (my fault for going on memorial day weekend).   We didn't stay long on this side...just took a few pictures and ended up walking over to Canada.    The viewing platform thing had a line that looked like it was probably a 3 hour wait, and the shops and restaurants in the area were depressingly lame.   Even the Casino looked like a reject from Atlantic City in the 1970's. Feel free to skip this side and head to Canada.
My wife and I decided to take an impromptu 2 night trip as we'd seen/heard great things about the spectacle. We stayed solely on the US side (forgot passport - whoopsy) so this is a US review only. Best things: Goat Island: There were two great things of the trip for us, the first was Goat Island which was great. There is a pedestrian bridge crossing that takes you into a beautiful park. Most of the tourists will immediately stray to the right towards the falls after crossing, however if there is are some fantastic pathways left after the bridge that take you right round the other side of the park giving you some fantastic views back up the river. The pathways loop back round to the american falls so you don't miss anything, you just gain a very tranquil/peaceful 1mile walk. Maid in the Mist: There was virtually no queue when we went (1:00pm monday) and from what I could make out you get a far better deal than the Canada side in that you are permitted to go on the Observation deck as part of your payment. The view from the deck gives you a great angle in which to get both falls into one shot. The boat was fantastic and a lot of fun. Well worth the $15/person ticket. We weren't even sprayed "too" much, though staff said on windier days you can end up drenched. Not so good things: The town: It was extremely surreal for us to go from walking around the well kept state park area of the American Falls and then walk into the 'town', as there basically isnt one. You are naturally channeled up the main street off the park towards the Casino and you go past a lot of building that you realize are completely abandoned. It makes no sense. Asides from a couple of cheap souvenir shops and a creepy (in all senses of the word) haunted house, there is nothing to really to do  in the town. There just a vast amounts of car lots and disused buildings. Restaurants/food: Being a couple that likes to eat out/explore options we decided to walk around the town to find a nice cozy place. Thinking that being such a crow puller there must be somewhere. How mistaken we were and after walking past streets of desolate and beaten up houses (which is weird as they were just off the 'main street', are only options outside of our hotel were TGI Fridays, Hard Rock cafe a dozen shady looking Indian restaurants or the Seneca Casino. We optioned to try the Casino and found Koi restaurant at the back (pass the hundreds of slot machines surrounded by smoke). It was fine and tasty but the staff were needlessly rude and it was somewhat bittersweet given that the lack of options in the town had forced us into a casino we didn't want to be in. Summary: If your looking for a romantic getaway, this is not it. I cannot speak for the Canada side but the US side is a real mixed bag. The parks are great but the town is awful. We felt we were walking in slums when we walked away from the casino area. It was extremely sad to see such poverty in the deserted town itself compared to the abundance of people playing slot machines in the casino less than 100m away from it all. To top it all off we read that the previous mayor is in jail for corruption and the high ranking tourism officials have been squandering public money, makes sense. The falls are definitely worth a visit and you do get some incredible views from the US side, just pack your lunch and make it a day trip.
The US side of the Falls has gotten some slack over the years.  But its on the upswing!  The area has been renovated, there are areas to walk above the Falls, Goat Island etc.  Then there is the "walk over the falls" view from above.   The traffic flow and parking are well managed here as well.  And of course, the Maid of the Mist is terrific.  Well worth it and everyone should do it at least once. On both sides of the river/Falls the tours are well worth the effort and time.
Claimed as one of nature's most spectacular and breathtaking views...I can definitely see why viewers and tourists never get sick of the waterfall. My husband always talked about visiting the Niagara Falls...and his wish was finally fufilled! There's this serene and calm to it despite the massive torrent of water and wind when you gaze on top of the park. The American and Bridal Veil Falls gets crowded easily as visitors and tourists take advantage of the full-view sights and pic opportunities. Wander right over to the Canadian side and it never cease to disappoint. It's smaller and less crowded. It gives you a better view of the two falls. It's a bit of a walk from the bridge to the horseshoe falls. I always thought there was a similiarity in the architecture and design of the park. And according to the Niagara Falls Facts: "Frederick Law Olmsted, landscape architect of Niagara Falls State Park, also designed Central Park in New York City." It's no wonder the Niagara Falls State Park looks amazing! This sight is not to be a miss!
I only have one word for this place....WOW! Let me tell you that no picture, documentary or film of any sort will ever ever do it justice. You will never know what I'm talking about until you come see it for yourself. This is something that you have to experience at least once in your life. Tip: When you come and see it, try to also plan another trip across the border into Canada. In my opinion, the view is better from over there.
Wow, this place is absolutely amazing!  The falls feel so powerful, yet give you a sense of serenity and is just beautiful.  It's fun walking by the falls and watching the Maid of the Mist boat enter the falls.  If there's excessive wind, you might even get a little wet, since there's obviously an enormous amount of water.. falling.  You might also want to bring a jacket, since it gets kind of cold - actually scratch that.  VERY cold. My only issue was that my mother had visited 20-some years ago and said that the city of Niagara Falls is completely commercialized now, turning into a lot like Las Vegas (with the casino and all).   Back then, it was just you, the small hotel, and the falls - much more serene, calming, and had much more of the "nature" feel to it.  I wish I could have witnessed Niagara city back then. Nonetheless, everyone should at least see the falls once in their lifetime, it's so worth it.  Besides, isn't it like one of the 8 World Wonders??
Niagra Falls is the most spectacular creation of nature that I've ever seen. Besides how scenic it is it's also got the best mist and the most awesome waterfall sound I've yet experienced. I've heard that this is actually one of the 7 wonders of the World, and I can definetely see why. It's even illuminated at night which given it's size is very impressive. See my photo's of what the falls look like from Niagra Falls State Park. Wish I couldv'e captured a better photo of them from the NY side but the views aren't as good as the Canadian side and you need a passport to go over there. Pictured is actually 2 angles of only 1 of the several falls that Niagra consists of. It looked like there was more to do on the Canadian side of the city of Niagra Falls as well, especially if you like casinos. On the New York side there is some hotels and neat sidewalk cafe places but those are a little bit of a hike from where the falls are. There is a gorgeous park with overlooks next to the falls, and the park is  accessible by busses made to look like trolleys, or you can take the bike and pedestrian paths to it. If you're to go anywhere else in New York besides NYC Niagra Falls is the place.
Absolutely spectacular. Go here, you'll never regret it. The only reason i didn't rate a 5 is because the US and Canadian governments both divert water upstream from the falls. If not for that, the falls could have twice the water! I saw the falls from the American side (didn't have my passport w/ me to go to Canada... stoopid canada). Also took the Maid of the Mist boat ride to the base of Horseshoe Falls... you must do this! And definitely take the Cave of the Mist down to the walkways at the base of the American Falls... you can stand right under the falls, looking up at 75,000 gallons per second of water coming at you. About 3 miles north on Robert Moses Pkwy is the Whirlpool State Park, it's another spectacular view and def worth going to. There's also a tiny little tourist trap called the 'Daredevil Museum' which is kinda cool, they have a lot of pics and info about the heroes/idiots that have ridden in barrels over the falls. The canadian side looks like it's a lot more fun. Stoopid canada.
WOW. How breathtaking. This landmark is absolutely beautiful! It was totally worth the drive. Once you come here you will never regret it. You can spend hours on the property doing various things whether its boat tours or walking through the various viewing decks. No matter what you do you will never forget this experience.
Maids of the Mist (the boat ride) This is why the US side is worth checking out, cos you go right under the falls.  You don't get all soaked unless you're an idiot, and you get the cutsie poncho which is yours to keep (I chucked mine) Yes, you need some class of ID to get into Canada, it is a foreign country (although gettin into Quebec from VT was always easy, just tell em you're going to Montreal to have dinner and shop, no ID required in my experience)  Ontario is just really anal, so deal with it. The VIEW of the falls from the Canada side is most spectacular, but if you're like me and coming from US you're going to hit this park first before picking up your duty-free booze crossing the border, so just do it right and expend a few of your worthless American dollars on the boat ride, you won't regret it
Niagara Falls... amazing.. there's a lot of tourist things to do.. I would definitely do the Maid of the Mist to get a real close view.. and get a little wet! It's fun... If your visiting the falls, don't stay on the American side... going into Canada right across the rainbow bridge will land you in adult fun land!! (I guess it would be okay to take kids, but I wouldn't want them out at night.. the day offers a lot of fun things to do) Ideal night life for partiers--bars, bars, bars! Make sure you hit up Boston Pizza and Wild Mushroom--they are right off of Clifton. If your going to stay at the falls for a weekend, there's a lot of fun times to go like New Years and major holidays--Make sure that you stay as close to the tourist area as possible--there are some great hotels right in the main strip.
I didn't like this place before I even got there... and that feeling was developed off of that cheesy Superman movie starring that now dead cripple who was in that horse accident or whatevs.  After I visited here and learning about the history, I kind of left dissapointed.... Niagara kind of reminds me of that annoying problem that many people have with their kitchen sinks. A little slow drip drip that doesn't ever seem to stop! So gauche... I want to see this baby flow naturally... let's get rid of the barriers that heavily restrict the water flow and see Niagara flow on in all her natural glory! WHO'S WITH ME!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Before you go to Niagara Falls, you must read a book.  Find a copy of Pierre Berton's 'Niagara: A History of the Falls.'  You can't even begin to fathom all that went on here, but the great Mr. Berton will lay it all out for you in a very compelling read. Niagara Falls has been described in every language by people the world over, so what can I possibly say?  Well, if you really want to appreciate Niagara Falls, focus on the falling water.  It's really that simple.  Most folks don't do that.  Would you go to the Grand Canyon and complain about the ice cream?  You get the point. The Falls attracts millions of people every year and almost all of them visit in the warm summer months.  If you go in the fall and winter months, you may find it a relatively peaceful place, indeed.  Don't begin and end your visit at the Falls, though.  Just a short drive down Robert Moses Parkway will take you to various points at which you can hike far down into Niagara Falls Gorge.  Here, you can really get a feel of what the area looked like before all of the Disneyland and desolation took place above. Since the white man first saw Niagara Falls, the Falls themselves have been in competition with what has been built around them.  Give some respect to the Falls and let it have all of your attention.  It's said that at that point you realize the only thing preventing you from jumping in is you -- and that's not a strong enough argument.
This was a great place to visit. It was very scenic and just wonderful to be surrounded by nature. The falls themselves were gorgeous. We walked on the pedestrian bridge between the US and Canada to get some great shots. There are plenty of fun things to do here. I highly recommend the Maid of the Mist Tour and the Cave of the Winds Tour. The Aquarium is ok only because they had a fairly entertaining seal show. The rest of the fish were not nearly so interesting, but maybe that was just because I was expecting something a tad bigger. Either way, this is a great place to visit at least once. I also recommend investing in the $33 ride combo pack if you plan to stay more than one day. This was the best deal ever, although not so much monetarily. The real reason to get this is because getting all the tickets beforehand meant that you did not have to wait in the long lines where people were trying to buy individual tickets. That saved a LOT of time. The $33 combo pack came with tickets to: 1) The Maid of the Mist Ride (I highly recommend this one) 2) The Cave of the Winds Tour (I also highly recommend this one on a warm day... the water is FREEZING - but fun) 3) The Aquarium (This was ok, but the seal show was nice) 4) The Movie (This was not really worth the 45 minutes) 5) The Discovery Center (This was not really worth it) 6) The Trolley Scenic Tour (This is a waste of time because it takes 4 times as long to get anywhere since the Trolley stops every few minutes and waits at the various stops for people. They also get really crowded to the point where people are standing and smushed together. The price of individually visiting the Maid of the Mist, Cave of the Winds, and the Aquarium is about $33, so it was worthwhile getting the combo just to save the waiting in line (same price with the option of going to the other attractions if you're curious). Overall - I do highly recommend visiting the falls at least once, although I would suggest giving yourself at least 2 days to have the time to take in all the attractions.
Niagara Falls is the most intriguing natural waterfall as the sound deafens and tunes out the world as a means of seeking inner peace.  I came here twice in my lifetime both in the 1990s era with my family on a tour bus group.  Armed with our U.S. Passports ready to be presented at the Border our tour group did not receive any problems to enjoy the beauty and view.  Indeed photos all over the internet and picto-books does not do Niagara Falls justice as one must physically experience to see for yourself.   A 1956 classic Woody Woodpecker cartoon entitled, "Niagara Fools," Woody's attempts to go over Niagara Falls in a barrel as thwarted by a park ranger.  The park ranger who Woody makes continually go over the falls in a barrel himself, in this classic 1956 Walter Lantz cartoon, is certainly a barrel of laughs on both the Canada and U.S. side.  This cartoon embedded my mind for a good laugh as I stood at a lookout station intaking the beauty and inner peace of the energy of the falls. youtube.com/watch?v=Dni9… Niagara Falls is still a choice for couples to honeymoon as well as families to vacation!
This review is NOT about the natural wonder of America that is Niagara Falls. This review IS about the area surrounding this natural wonder. Niagara Falls, NY...is well...a dump. It reminded me of a mix between Flint + Detroit, MI...a hot mess. The streets are poorly made, the parks need more restoration done, the tourist attractions/shops are disgusting. It was like dollar-mania, except everything was higher priced. Canada puts the American side to shame! All the gleaming lights, excitement, and attractiveness was clearly on the other side of the border. Uggghhh...don't get me started about Buffalo..... next time I am taking a direct route to Canada....blech NF,NY!
Absolute majesty.  No other way to put it.  If you live in the northeast or mid-atlantic, you have no excuse to not take a trip here.  Combine it with visits to Buffalo and/or Toronto, and you'll have a great time. Where else can you observe one of the natural wonders of the world, from your suite on the 35th floor? Yes, it has gotten pretty darn commercialized and touristy over on the Canadian side. But no one's going to make you go to any of that.  Don't be afraid to spend hours taking pictures of the falls from every angle, going back to your room and staring at it, and just enjoying the beauty. In the winter, make sure to walk just upstream from the falls where the frozen mist encases the trees, signs, and everything else in an ever-thickening case of ice. An absolute must-do, bucket list item.
Well we got there at 6pm on a Friday and the stores next to Niagara we're closed already.   So that's just 1 star off, it was cold too so couldn't stay out there too long. It is still an awesome site.  So if you ever in Toronto, it's just an 1 1/2 drive here.   So we had to go and see it.   There are other attractions up the hill that we're open.  A casino, Hard Rock, and Planet Hollywood.  Hotels and rides too.  If you come here it be nice to spend the night here.  It looks like a lot of fun.
Absolutely Breathtaking, from both sides of the border! I took over 300 pictures, and I still don't think I caputured everything I saw or wanted to capture.  The cave of the winds tour is amazing, and you get right up under the viel waterfall, and you will get very wet (so keep that camera dry!  The view from the canadian side is the more photogenic, and be ready for a delay getting over the rainbow bridge through the border station, but you have to, you just do.
Okay.  You can pretty much guess the waterfalls are pretty.  I am here to tell you to: 1. go see the waterfalls from the Canadian side, the Canadians don't bite. 2. avoid Niagara Falls, the town, at all cost.  It's a mini version of Vegas, except much much much more horrid. 3. drive your rental car up the Niagara Parkway and go visit Niagara-on-the-lake, the town.  The ride is pleasant (skip Whirlpool and go see the botanic garden), the wineries are worth seeing (I thought ice wine was too sweet, but who can pass up on free wine tasting?), and the town is incredibly cute.
Loved it but I need to say something treasonous: The Canadian side has the views that are much more spectacular. Oh those Canadians! First they take the better Niagara views and then I think their dollar is over taking ours! The American side is much more natural. The park is really a state park and not a board walk of casinos and carnie fun. This is a big plus over the Canadian side. A natural wonder always has something beautiful that is lost to too much civilization.
One of the most breath taking places I have ever seen.   I came here in June of 2006 on my own due to unfortunate circumstances.  The friend I wanted to go with didn't want to go, so I rented a car at the airport and drove to the Canadian side.  When I finally rolled into the Niagara Falls parking lot I almost swerved off the road because I was craning my neck so much to see over the edge. There are tons of things to see and do here both on the American and Canadian side.  If you don't want to drive round the back to the Canadian side, fear not, there is a foot bridge you can cross to get to the canuck side.  Just don't forget your passport because they do have immigration patrol here even though its an international tourist attraction! Apart form gawking at the sheer beauty and magnificence of this natural wonder there are lots of things to do.  There is a museum on both sides of the falls.  Ferry rides are available on both sides.  The ferry boats will take you very very close to the edge of the water fall where you can get soaking wet from the mist.  On the Canadian side you can board a jet powered raft and enjoy a ride on some rapids and in the whirlpool section created by the falls.  Casinos on the canadian side, and an island in the middle of the river at the falls' edge to walk on.  WIneries, horse drawn carriage rides, and at night they light the falls up. It may seem weird, but Niagara Falls is a trip of a lifetime.  You have to go at least once.  ONE TIME folks!  You will be utterly blown away by the natural beauty of the falls, and feel refreshed walking next to something so naturally powerful.
While the falls are beautiful, they weren't as interesting as I expected. This landmark has been turned into a HUGE tourist trap and with that comes congestion, jacked up prices, and rude ass people. I can say I went there once but probably won't go back. If you do go, take the time to visit both the Canadian and NY side as the views are completely different and offer a variety of photo opportunities. Be prepared to get wet and to suffer through traffic and finding a place to park.
I mean, what can't be said about Niagara Falls. My wife and I went right at the end of the season in late October and despite the "chilly" but not cold temperatures, we had a blast. 2 or 3 days is more than enough to visit the entire town - but the falls themselves are the main attraction and are beautiful. The mist that rises, the lights that shine on them, the spray you feel at the bottom, the awesome God-made, natural beauty is just incredible.
I know everyone goes to the Canadian side but go to the New York side and see a beautiful park with plenty of parking and fantastic views.  You will not be sorry.
I begged my friend to take me here the first time I came to visit, but some things happened and we weren't able to come. On my second trip to Buffalo, it's one of the first things we did... while it was pouring down snow and super chilly. Yet it was such a magical place all decked out in white! Now I didn't come here for shops and stores, and without passports, we didn't venture to the Canadian side of the falls (we just simply spied on them... kidding, kidding!). We simply came here to admire the falls and take in the beautiful snow in the park, and fortunately for us the cold weather meant the observation deck was FREE! Definitely froze my butt off (I'm from the south where snow is just a myth), but what a great view from the deck. I don't know how much it is normally, but it's quite possible that it's well worth it. The view from Goat Island was also spectacular, and I actually loved the Tesla statue on the island. Sure, it's touristy. Sure, your Buffalo friends are probably tired of taking everyone and their mother out to the falls. But there's so much wonder there that it's well worth it just to walk the park grounds and take it all in. I would recommend coming in the off-season as I can see where the crowds could be a star reduction. Hey, if I can brave the snow, so can you!
Had my first American side visit to the Falls and boy was I glad I did.  Absolutely breath taking!  Went around noon on a Saturday and it was busy but there was plenty of room to stand, take pictures and just embrace the beauty!  My girlfriends and I took the two dollar trolly ride around.  It was a nice break from walking around, was scenic and informative too!  You could stay on the bus as long as you wanted.  There are gift shops and places to eat.  I can't wait to go back at night!!!
Contrary to popular belief, Jim and Pam's wedding was not the most romantic thing to happen in Niagara Falls this year.  Earlier this summer I decided to spend a magical evening with the person I love the most at Niagara... ME!  I had the awesome opportunity to stop at Niagara Falls during my transcendental voyage across America (KananAcrossAmerica.blogs…). I had always heard that the Canadian side of the falls was more scenic, and when I arrived I was afraid that was shockingly true.  I parked in an area called Terrapin Point, not knowing that there are other points, so I was bummed because you don't get a good view of the falls, so all you can see is the edge of the water about to fall.  To make matters worse, I had decided not to take my passport, so crossing over to get the better view, not cool. So after about 45 minutes of trying to get a good look and not being able to, I found a black, I mean African American squirrel.  After chasing this squirrel, whom I named Mike (is that the correct usage of 'whom'?), I grabbed a diet pepsi and people watched on a bench.  Enter trolley!  I jumped on this trolley thinking to myself 'why not?'  Several stops later I get out at something called 'The Visitor's Center.'  Turns out THATS where you want to go! The REAL Niagara Falls view totally blew my mind!  Fortunately for me the observation deck wasn't too crowded, so I got a good chunk of staring & wandering off time.  SUCK IT CANADA!
Niagara Falls, Oh, I never thought I was going to see you so soon! I was shooting to come here in 10 years but because of my All-You-Can-Jet-Pass last year I was able to come here a lot sooner than I planned. I landed at the Buffalo Airport and took a direct bus to Niagara Falls State Park for like $2.00. I was going to be ini Buffalo, New York for approximately 5 hours and came here only to see the biggest attraction in the city, Niagara Falls! of course. It was just A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. Listening to the thunderous, powerful waterfalls. I could sit in the park and just stare at it for hours. I felt so at peace. If you want to look at the falls at different angles, make sure you buy a ticket for an unlimited trolley ride for $2.00. Definitely worth the money. P.S. I heard that the Canadians have a better view of both the falls and I totally agree. I would have gone to Canada to view the falls but I was with a friend who wasn't a citizen so I missed my chance. darn.  lol
AMAZING! This place was so absolutely beautiful. Nothing I can write of Niagara Falls will do it justice. P.S. While you are there, if you get the chance, take the elevator down to the bottom of the falls...you'll have to pay some bucks (and wear a bright yellow poncho while climbing up around the slippery path along the Falls) but TOTALLY WORTH IT.  There is nothing quite like looking up and watching the water come rushing down next to you.
The Canadian side is definitely better, but I still think it ain't all that compared to the massive waterfalls in South America.   If you're really curious, check out Iguazu falls in Brazil/Argentina.  It's truly amazing.
I realize that the American Falls are not as awesome as the Canadian side, but they were beautiful nonetheless.  Boyfriend and I visited twice this past week, and while the river was very much frozen (preventing a Maid of the Mists ride) we had a good time taking photos and viewing from the observation deck. Our only complaint is that we each paid $6 for the Cave of the Winds thing but only one deck was open and no one took our tickets anyway.  I'm all for supporting state parks but that was kind of lame.
Went here in late December. IT WAS FREEZING! I was kind of disapointed about how "man made" things had become. Come on they tried to reshape the american falls in the 60s! Who does that?! and the whole luna island is super man made. Still badass. Just wish man didnt ruin it.
Top 10 wonders of the world. If you have a full day to spend here, I would recommend getting the adventure pass for all 4 activities for $44 versus paying for them separately. The Canadian view is better than the USA side. The parking fees are outrageous. Either leave your car at your nearby hotel and walk or you will have to pay 3-$20 each day to park in the lot. There is no such thing as street parking here. Both the american falls and the niagara falls change colors at night. Buy standard souvenirs (shot glasses, key chains) at chinatown in toronto (1.5 hrs away) if you can afford the trip there as the prices here are about 6x the amount I paid in toronto chinatown. Overall its truly is a natural beauty to see for yourself at least once in your lifetime. Canadian dollar and the USA dollar are basically equivalent so I didnt have to do the currency exchange as almost all merchants gladly accepted the USA dollar Bring your passport as you will need to go through customs on both sides of the border. Answer their questions in a calm and reasonable manner and if you dont do anything stupid (like bring in fruit) you should be fine. PS Canadian taxes are nearly 15% but a 10% tip is considered good here.
I've hit the Canadian side before and having a friend along who's never been and no passports we decided to hit the American side. We decided to take the Maid of the Mist tour- so we found parking, and followed the signs pointing out the directions for the boat tour. Only problem was they were kind of a dead end. We got to a little park area with signs pointing in all directions, looked at the big area map only to find that there wasn't a giant marker saying "you are here". Person after person came up to the map and said the same freaking thing. We ended up just heading to one of the information centers. Again not a single sign for the Maid of the Mist. We asked where it was and were sent on elevators, pathways, through lunch cafeterias...finally a ticket booth. Then kind of more confusion as to where to go. We're grown up women so we figured it out but for being such a huge tourist attraction you would think everything would be clearly marked. The falls are really quite beautiful. It's best to see them from the Canadian side because you look into them not sort of around the side of them like you do on the American side. It's also unfortunate that on one side it's natural beauty and if you look over your shoulder it's hotels, casinos, fast food, and chaos.
Beautiful. Yes, Niagara Falls, NY is not the prettiest at ALL, but that ain't what I'm talking about here. I'm talking about the falls only. The views were pretty good, there was plenty of parking, and lots of walking! :) By the way some people talk, you would think the view was from miles away or something. Not the case at all! =) I think it's awesome that they have not built a million businesses right around the immediate area; perhaps, they could benefit from cleaning up the damn city surrounding this side of the falls a bit, but I don't understand how that takes away from the beauty of the falls itself. I thought it was gorgeous, regardless. Definitely come visit and enjoy the view from BOTH sides!!!
CAVE OF THE WINDS IS AWESOME!!!  Great for a really warm day especially for the Hurricane Deck. They give you a free poncho and free Cave of the Winds sandals! I didn't think Niagara Falls park would be so much fun! You need a whole day here...just for the American side. There's a trolley that takes you around (Maid of the Mist, Cave of the Winds, aquarium, discovery gorge, Goat Island, Luna Island).   Unfortunately, we didn't have enough time for Three Sisters Island.  I heard that it's only $0.50 to cross over to Canada on foot (with passport).  Should've gone on the Canadian side to view the lights on the Falls at night. Also didn't have enough time to experience Journey Behind the Falls on the Canadian side.  There's a lot more going on in Canada...it's definitely more happening there at night.  Too bad, we stayed on the American side at night.  Next time, next time.
Obviously this New York state landmark gets five stars in the summer when you can take the Maid of the Mist boat ride up to the falls. Yet I'm giving it a five in the middle of January too. It may be cold but on a sunny day, the falls are just as beautiful and magical as any other time of year. It's well worth the $10 for parking. ** Remember to bring your passport, Canada is just a breath away. Can you say dinner in Toronto?
Awesome.  Expected more (higher. larger), but once you're there, it's pretty incredible.  Make the walk over the bridge to the Horseshoe falls side. Should also go to the Canada side for the complete experience.
Does it get any better than this?  First time seeing the Falls from the American side, which is a pretty ugly looking place.  We were impressed at the Falls site, though, as it was cool seeing the American Falls from on top of them.  You can stand on a little island and see the Falls on both sides.  Very cool.  We normally would have gone to the Canadian side as that's the nicest view but traffic on the bridge makes it hard to take quick trips over anymore. So if you only have a little time just ignore the blight of the city of Niagara Falls, NY, and enjoy the natural beauty of this incredible sight.
a must
wow.. wow.... wow...... She is so pretty, beautiful, grandioso...!
I came here as a kid in the Summer. I came to visit family and my dad said Canada was really cold.  So all we did was pack all our Winter clothing, once we got to Toronto. It was freaking hot! We had nothing to wear.  Had to buy shorts and Tshirts.  My cousins took us to Niagara Falls.  It was very pretty and so cool.  You can feel the mist from the falls. We didn't do the boat tours but wish we did.  Oh well maybe next time.  Had alot of fun in Toronto.
We rented a car from Toronto and drove about 1.5 hours to visit Niagara falls, and we were so glad we did this!  This natural wonder is so amazing!  Words simply can't describe the feelings when we saw the falls.  You just have to come here and experience it yourself.  While you are here, make sure to take a boat ride (maid of the mist) to get close and personal to the falls!  you will get soaking wet, and it's so worth it!!!  A must visit when you are in Toronto area!
Before going over to the Niagara Falls the Canadien side... I had some time to see Niagara Falls in which we walked past the Niagara Falls State Park of the US side just to see and hear the nice sound of the water falls of this beautiful historic landmark!!!
Wow.  Niagara Falls is nothing short of impressive, really.  The American Falls is one thing, but Horseshoe falls is something completely different.  Looking over the edge of the American side is pretty excellent....tons and tons of water with abeautiful view of the observation tower, and the Niagara Falls, Canada, but Horseshoe Falls is a simply amazing.  The sheer size of the falls, and mist generated from that uch water pouring down is ridiculous.  Absolutley gorgeous.  I was also pleasantly surprised by the tourists at the spot.  Though they were plentiful, they were not pushy, getting in the way of pictures like at other tourist attractions - get there - check it out.
I'll start with a "granted...".    Granted, we were there in the off season, but good grief, the NY side of Niagara Falls is a barren wasteland of aboslutely nothing to do and very little to see.    The NY side is where the falls are, and because of that, you can't really see them.  You have to be facing them to see them, and most of the facings are from the other side of the river, on the Canadian side.   Hungry?  Good luck!  Restaurants?  HA!   Maybe there are restaurants in the casino, but my wife and I can't stand casinoes, so my family and I ended up at the TGI Friday's in the Sheraton because, I kid you not, there was literally nothing else.  Well, to be perfectly accurate, there were *some* things.  There's a dive hotel bar here and really divey sports bar there, and an Italian joint down the street, and let's not forget Punjabi Hut (yes, really...Punjabi Hut).  That. Is. It.    And then you have TGI Friday's.  In a Sheraton.   And let me tell you, they're totally hip to the fact that they don't have to be good...they just have to be open. What I'm saying is, go straight to Canada.  Do not pass Go, do not stop anywhere but maybe the Duty Free, and save yourself the feeling that you're in a Twilight Zone episode.
The falls are pretty amazing, but I can't recommend visiting in February, unless you like freezing your face off. The good thing is that there are no crowds. This means, however, that many shops are closed. The Canadian side is indeed better, just don''t forget your passport and 50 cents to get back in through the turnstile.
Niagara Falls is one of the best tourist attractions in North America and the premiere attraction in Canada.  It's an interesting type of place.  Interesting in the way that it's the confluence of tourists, people looking to party, conventions, honeymooners, gamblers and other walks of life!  When all these people come together it makes for interesting people watching!
a) Niagara Gorge Discovery Center- this is cool, with most of the attractions geared towards kids. They have a virtual time portal that shows you how the falls looked a long time ago. Then they had this "virtual elevator ride" that was for young kids. b) Niagara Aquarium- This was a pretty fun time, we watched a sealion swimming around and doing tricks. Lots of fish, turtles, frogs, seals, snakes, etc. Pretty cool. Note: no attendant on duty in parking lot = free parking c) Niagara Falls Scenic Trolley- Pretty cool ride, it took a little bit longer, only goes in one direction, and costs 2 dollars for adults, 1 for kids. Only let's you off at designated stops, tends to get pretty cramped. d) Niagara Falls Adventure theatre- located in visitors center, has a 40 minute movie about Niagara falls, available in korean, german, french, chinese or spanish. Skipped this. e) Cave of the Winds- This is pretty awesome, costs 10 dollars, and you get a yellow rain poncho & sandals, we went in the morning so there was no line at all. an elevator takes you down 18 stories to the bottom of the Falls, you then get to walk around this famous red walking bridge. You walk almost underneath Bridal Veil Falls. There is a palce called the Hurrican Deck, where you go and get totally soaked, it is so freaking fun, 10X better than riding a rollercoaster! my digital camera got soaked and is still drying out. f) Maid of the Mist- awesome boat tour that goes out and under the Falls, you will get damp and / or wet on this tour. a must do if you go to the falls. g) illuminated American Rapids- pretty cool, although my camera didnt work very good here. they also have horseback rides, helicopter rides, and the first time i was there, hot air balloon rides. Jetskiing in Whirlpool State park is also popular.
Great value for the attractions, wonderful experience.  And everyone working there seemed to be having a good time -- which always enhances the experience for us visitors! Don't miss the falls from the Canadian side, however -- they have the REAL VIEW!
I hadn't been to visit the Falls in about 10 years.  So, I was really excited when my BF suggested that we visit.  It's breathtaking beautiful!  I must admit, we took some of the freak side shows.  I mean, you can't be a tourist unless you do that stuff, right?
What can be more beautiful than this natural wonder. The sheer power felt from volumes of water spilling over the edge is intense, and during the winter the metal railings and roof/window sills become a magical icy wonderland.
One of the many wonders of the world.  Not much else to be said.  Just make sure you come to the Canadian side.  The US side doesn't do the falls justice.  We stayed at the Marriott Fallsview, which was great... but best to stay at the casino hotel.  Best views there.
This is for the american side.  You need a passport to go the the Canada side.  I did not think of this. Maid of the mist was great Cave of the wind was an outdoors steps that takes you close, real close, to the falls.  You can feel the power.  Be aware, there is no cave.  Different than the canadian side Food was iffy here.  Normal poor food. Views were great.  Walk over to Goat island.  The bridge is nice.  Grounds have great views.  Take advantage of it.
I prefer the american side b/c there's less ppl and more green.  you can see the river and enjoy the water more.  the city itself is not as good as the canadian but natural scenes are better.
Whatever I thought this site would be it was SO much more. There's really no way for me to explain how beautiful it was. Even though it was freezing cold I'm actually glad I came in the winter. The crowds were minimal but even more fun, the falls were bizarre and otherworldly with all the frozen elements nearby. A lot of the trees were frozen and there was such an incredible mountain of snow and ice that had been caved into by the mist. It was really breathtaking. No matter what you have to do to get here you must get here. Even in the winter (or especially in the winter). Truly, it's an unforgettable place.
Awesome, but not as awesome as the Canadian side =(.  From the American side, you're adjacent to the falls whereas on the Canadian side, you face the falls and can see both the American Falls and the Horseshoe Falls and capture both in one camera shot.  Still pretty cool to be right up next to it though.  But definitely a smarter idea to bring your passport and cross the border for a better view.
wow, traffic and people GALORE.  i went over memorial day weekend so things were extra bad but wow, it was crowded!  if you are entering from 324, once you get to the falls, turn right as soon as you can (think it says "goat's island") and go towards the shops.  there you'll see the parking garage.  we made the mistake of going towards the niagara falls sign just to end up in the same place... and stuck in traffic for 30 extra minutes. once you're parked and out of the car, there will be TONS of ppl.  TONS.  b/c of that we didn't do any tours which was a bummer (the lines were just too long).  nonetheless, it was very worth the trip - it's a sight to see.  we also checked out the three sisters islands.  you'll see signs pointing toward the trail, it's about a 10 minute walk.  there you can actually dip your feet in the water and see a nice view of canada (their side looked way cooler!  grrr).
I am not a nature girl in the slightest.  But this is beautiful.  Words cannot describe.
Although I prefer the Canadian side, it's still the falls and it's great to be able to see the falls from both sides!
WOW! Go on the maid of the mist tour! the $13.50 one, no need for the $69 one and no need to book in advance either. Def. worth seeing. Breath taking. Expect to get a bit wet though!
Absolutely beautiful! We only visited the US side as we only had a short window of time available to see the falls before we headed back home. The observation tower was open to the public and free! The area was not crowded at all- we were there on a Saturday- midday; parking was free and was a nice short walk to get to the falls,
Falls are beautiful, if you don't think so you may have no soul. However after you've taken in enough of the falls run like hell from the area. Speaking of no soul, this area is touristy as it gets. Like a mix of vegas and disney but without the perks.
Niagara Falls is a great place to go if you like waterfalls, which I do.  I just have to say that the American side is great, but the Canadian side is SO much better!
So pretty one of the worlds 7 wonders!! So well maintained clean and beautiful! Definitely visit it's worth a trip! Go in the summer if you can. I went in April almost may it's still really cold but none the less gorgeous! I'm going back hopefully in the summer! The ny side is where the falls actually are but when you cross the bridge to the canada side you'll see the view of the falls, so when they say the canada side is nicer its only because you get the view of the falls on the ny side.
Gorgeous! Something that everyone should see at some point in their life. It's just amazing to view the falls. The entire area is lovely and not overly touristy. It can get crowded and my friends and I saw many international tour groups. It's a tremendous spot for taking photos as every shot looks beautiful with the falls raging in the background.  I loved spending about 3 hours in the area just walking around. There are interesting statues and other streams hidden around the area. Once you get away from the downtown it is very rustic and peaceful. The downtown is much more tourist-oriented. Lots of souvenir stores and chain restaurants. There was plenty of parking- I think we paid $10 for the day. I would absolutely love to return. Next time I may see the Canadian side although I hear the New York side is more spectacular.
An amazing natural creation! In the middle of an area that is so flat lies the giant Horseshoe falls and the American falls. I can't imagine how people would go down the falls in a wooden barrel back in the day. We went here last weekend for a last minute get away. Sadly it was too cold to do the Maid of the Mist, but we still got to see the beauty of the falls. The mist can fly as far as across the street and up the hill so make sure you bring warm clothes that will protect you from water. At night the falls are lit up for a beautiful glow, definitely a sight to see.
Niagra is something you should see if you're traveling about the north east, the power of the whole thing is sure to impress anyone. I didn't have much time to explore the rest of the town too much but I did manage to find a motel for $30. I wouldn't recommend it of course, but it was an experience nonetheless.
The falls are amazing.  The amount of water going over the falls is hard to comprehend.  The observation platform on the American side really lets you get the since of the power of the falls.  The Canadian side has more tourist things to do and the Horseshoe Falls in Canada is larger and more impressive.
We loved our trip to Niagara. We are nature people and didn't care to do most of the touristy stuff. We did Maid of the Mist, but mostly we walked around the park on the American side, across the bridge to Canada, and all the way down the walkway from the bridge to Horseshoe Falls. It's a GREAT walk and you get the best views that you could get by doing it, especially on the bridge and Canadian side. It's a wonder of America - yes, there are other bigger waterfalls elsewhere, but this is closer and more affordable. You need to see it sometime in you life. We loved it!
I grew up in Buffalo. Just a short drive to see Niagara Falls. I love that the US decided to keep the area near the falls a natural place. It's a state park. They capitalize on the real deal, The falls. Visit the cave of the winds, the whirlpool, get a ticket for the trolley and ride along the river to the aquarium. Visit the Aerospace museum. Buffalo used to be a hub for aviation innovation. While the Canadian side offers a great view and all the "made in China" trinkets you can imagine, you don't get as up close and personal as you can on the American side at three sister's island. Kudos to the US side for keeping in line with nature. However, SOMETHING could be done to get the city of Niagara Falls, NY out of the slump it's been in for, well, forever.
Bring your walking shoes. There is so much to see make sure if you want to walk on the deck I think that's the cave of the winds, ride the maid of the mist boat tour that they are open or in season. There is parking close to it all. There are great views and a cool bridge to walk across, it's crazy how peaceful it is but when you think about it it is dangerous the water is so powerful you can hear the water crashing through the river and and over the side, Amazing. There are places that do not have railings so watch your kids I saw a poster there that said a pray for a 7 or 8 year old kid that had died in the waters there. There is a half bridge if you will (overlook), that you can walk out on and look out that is really cool. If you get a chance try and stay long enough to see the river lite up and the light show (better from the Canada side) sad to say. This is a great place to have a date or take the family or just to get away and clear your mind. I will be back at some point I'm sure it's a great thing to see. There is a statue of Nikola Tesla he was a inventor mechanical and electrical engineer. He was one of the most important contributors to the birth of commercial electricity, and is best known for his many revolutionary developments in the field of electromagnetism. Tesla's patents and theoretical work formed the basis of modern alternating current (AC) electric power systems, including the poly-phase system of electrical distribution and the AC motor, with which he helped usher in the Second Industrial Revolution. The guy was a genius!!!!! The Niagara Falls are renowned both for their beauty and as a valuable source of hydroelectric power. The enormous energy of Niagara Falls has long been recognized as a potential source of power. The first known effort to harness the waters was in 1759, when Daniel Joncaire built a small canal above the Falls to power his sawmill. Augustus and Peter Porter purchased this area and all of American Falls in 1805 from the New York state government, and enlarged the original canal to provide hydraulic power for their gristmill and tannery. In 1853, the Niagara Falls Hydraulic Power and Mining Company was chartered, which eventually constructed the canals which would be used to generate electricity. In 1881, under the leadership of Jacob Schoellkopf, Niagara River's first hydroelectric generating station was built. The water fell 86 feet (26 m) and generated direct current electricity, which ran the machinery of local mills and lit up some of the village streets. Sorry I cheated a little and got some info from Wikipedia but it's great info and great history. Green and Clean energy! They just need some wind turbines close by now.
What can be said about the Falls that hasn't been already. Do everything from one side... best is Canada! Skylon, Jet Boats on Niagara, Maid Of The Mist and a tour if you can. As you venture out away from The Falls the prices of places to eat drop.
Summary - Beautiful falls and everybody should see it once. But I would never go there again unless forced. The cities on both side need a serious make over. It is tackiest place since Atlantic City and oh maybe Virginia Beach. When: Memorial Day American Side - I have never seen so many Asians and Asian-Indian families concentrated in one area at once. There are millions of children. The bathrooms at the visitor center cannot handle such a high capacity of people at once. Imagine the line being slowed down by throngs of children, screaming, getting their diapers changed.  You can't see the falls that well - you are on the side of where the falls are shooting out - so you lose that onward perspective. There are no vendors on the park side except for a gift and an ice cream shop. Canada - This is a much smaller crowd - it is about a quarter of the crowd on the American side. It is also a much better view of the two large falls. The walk is long from the bridge to the horseshoe falls, but there are plenty of shops, ice cream vendors, water stops. I imagine people are discouraged with the border check. We parked on the American side and walked over the bridge. The fee to go back to the US is $0.50 a person. A downside on Canada is that there is NO SHADE whatsoever and you are in the blazing sun with no relief (1-4 PM)
The park is a welcomed breathe of fresh air in comparison to the dirty city. Of course you either have to pay for everything separately or buy a bundled pass, but it's worth the money. If certain attractions are closed, they also reduce the bundle price. Oh, and just in case you are ever planning on riding The Maid of the Mist, it closes mid-October (even if in every piece of literature you read it says the END of October). The best view in the park comes at the base of the falls....at least make sure to take the elevator down.
Well i  just spent one night, wasn't there anything to review but the place was not that clean when we entered in the room. hence gets the 3 stars.
The view from the Canadian side is absolutely breathtaking.
Last week was the bf's b-day and he had to work so he was pretty bummed out.  We were going to go eat at the casino buffet but it was closed when we got there so he suggested we go take a walk and see Niagara Falls.  Okay somebody start the string music.  It was a warm breezy night and he took me down this moonlit path to see the Falls.  I was very amazed by it when I saw it.  I wanted to take a pic but since this was an impromptu visit I did not have my camera on me.  As we were leaving they started a fireworks show right over the Falls.  It was beautiful and it really made my baby's day :-D
Niagara Falls is truly awe-inspiring.  It's one of the most amazing natural features that I've ever seen.
having seen the falls on TVs, postcards, books, videos, movies, etc. one simply cannot fathom the sheer size and power of Niagara unless you've witnessed it in person. simply incredible. who knew watching water rush over an edge can be so mesmerizing? i took the Maiden of the Mist tour and it was well worth the experience. getting up close and personal with the falls was amazing. i will say that the Canadian side probably has the better views due to facing the Falls while the US side views the backside. Either or - if you're in NY... make the trip!
Been here 3 times. Most recently at 11pm at night, with the light show I've never seen, simply amazing. Everyone has to take Mist of the Maids, literally into the falls, so close you can almost touch it. Seems unreal. I don't think this place gets enough credit for what a truly natural beauty it is.
Pretty awesome natural spectacle. I've only seen them on the American side, but they definitely should be on everyone's bucket list.
Niagara falls was pretty great. I've been to several placed around the world that were famous and they didn't compare at all to the real thing. The falls, however, were great. They did not disappoint. I was on the Canadian side for my viewing, and was in awe in several locations. Twas a good ol' time.
Breathtaking! One of my favorite places! Wish I lived closer!
Truly stunning, especially when they light up at night. Buy trolley tickets, they make getting around a lot easier and little kids love it!
Niagara Falls is amazing! It's hard to desribe it any other way. Hearing and seeing the power waterfall is incredible. There is really something almost exhilarating about Niagara Falls. During our visit we bought the Niagara Falls pass and were able to take the Maid of the Mist boat ride, Journey Behind the Falls, and the 4D movie. If you go to Niagara you MUST experience it up-close. The Maid of the Mist tour was awesome as was the Journey Behind the Falls. At night they light the falls with colored spotlights and it makes the water look so beautiful. Check of my photos to see what I mean. Niagara Falls is well worth visiting and there is plenty to keep you busy.
I love love love Niagara Falls.  It was one of the best trips that I have taken in a long time.  It is beautiful.  We stayed on the Canadian side and I am really glad that we did.  We booked on expedia so we even booked in USD so that's a good thing.  The Canadian side is a bit touristy and cheesy but the American side is a national park and there is less going on, but it's much prettier.  We did the Maid of the Mist (do the tour from the Canadian side!!!), the Cave of Winds and Journey Behind the Falls.  This place is fun summer and winter...we went in spring.  Just make sure that things like the Maid of the Mist are open when you go because it's a must do!
Should be everyones bucket list!  Be sure to go to the Canadian side so you can see all the falls.
I guess we can rate wonders of nature.  How can you give it less than top ratings?   Compared to Iguazu falls, which I went to the year before, its a relative 4 but its still amazing.   Whole cheesy crazy fun park tourist trap town can't distract from the beauty of the falls at night with the lights shining on them, or the mist that envelops you within hundreds of feet of the site.   Try to see it from all angles, I was only on the Canadian side but I heard its better.
Absolutely amazing! It sucks that you have to pay for parking, but we didn't have to pay to actually see the falls, so we'll survive. Most of the attractions are closed in the winter (for good reason), however it's been a warmer winter so there were still a lot of visitors when I was there. We got there just before sunset, which seems like the perfect time. Our pictures are amazing, I can't even believe I took them with my crappy little camera! :) You get a really great view from the observation deck, I would definitely suggest going up there.
Seriously, who doesn't like Niagara Falls? Just stay on the Canadian side of the border, go to the Casino, do maid of the mist and stroll along Clifton Hill. Oh and take pictures! Lots of pictures.
Great landmark to check out. If you've never been here, it's a must see at least once. Hiking is available which is always a bonus. There are plenty of free places to walk and stand, and quite a few paid options to check out the falls. There are boats and trolleys, for those who want a faster, less strenuous take on the waterfalls. It's beautiful to say the least. You can also take an elevator down and stand under the falls and get soaked. I do not understand this, but to each his own. You pay for this view as well.   Directly across the river is Canada where you can see their hotels and casino's right across the border...looks fun. Next time I am there I will have to stroll across the border to check it out. Don't forget your passport. The town itself is very odd. It was like stepping back in time into  mining town which was half deserted and half mindlessly hanging on by a thread. It's a great day trip and although the experience is good for kids, the day's worth of walking is not.
How could you not enjoy this views here? The only downside to the falls on the US side is that there isn't much to do but buy souvenirs and eat really expensive cheap food.
A definite must see if you are close (Buffalo area or Toronto) it is a day trip for sure. You might want to spend the night or at least stay late to see the falls light up and see the fireworks on various nights of the week.  Check the schedule. We did the Maid of the Mist and it was worth it, giving you a different perspective down in the water.  You also get access to the tower look out. Great photo ops here. Also a must do is to walk over the Rainbow Bridge into Canada (Bring your passports) you get a nice view from the bridge and even better one from the other side if you walk down toward the Horseshoe Falls where you can see both falls at the same time. When we were there in August the crowds were huge on the Canadian side and even walking down the sidewalk along the water was kind of a pain so we got out of there after getting the pictures we wanted and seeing the falls from that side. There are a lot of touristy stuff and kids attractions on this side as well....all of that was not needed for us so we hightailed it back to the US side to get away from all the tourists.  Things are quiet on the US side for sure not much night life going on but there are a few bars and restaurants open and you always have the park before dark to hang out in.  We planned on staying the night so we could see the fireworks and didn't have to head out till the next morning. Things certainly get crowded on the overlook for firework time so get there early if you want a prime spot.  The show goes on for a decent amount of time and is certainly worth hanging around for.  This is certainly one of the wonders of the world and its amazing how much water flow and falls down these falls every minute. For sure you have to go see this amazing site!
Wonder of the world, what can I say? A native Buffalo girl, I can't give a bad review, but really- does the Rainbow Bridge have to be so tedious getting in and out of our fair friendly neighbor to the North, dear Canada? Come on people! I know Customs agents have a job to do to keep our borders safe, but a 1.5 hour line on most weekends seems a bit extreme. I will be sure to report back once I obtain (fingers crossed) a Nexus pass.
I was only on the American side. The falls were cool to see but...not really my thing. It's alot of water going off a cliff. Nature has done waaay cooler things than ppl ever can. Stay and experince Buffalo or Niagra City instead. They have a lot of history.
one of the seven wonders of the world. or is it? alas, it always seizes to amaze. If you're lucky enough to have a relaxed pilot when coming in to the Buffalo Airport arriving early, maybe he will get canadian airspace clearance, banking a full turn over around the falls. Nothing like looking straight down into the falls from 5000'
One of the most sensational natural wonders in the world!  Expect lots and lots of people in the summer months crowding the viewing areas of the falls and all of the streets.  Also expect countless tourist traps - from restaurants to souvenir shops but there are few sights as unforgettable as Niagara Falls.  We chose to stay on the Canadian side because there is more to do and see and because we wanted to see the fireworks up close and personal from the Embassy Suites hotel.  The ride to the Falls is extremely easy from Ohio and the only stopping we did was at the Peace Bridge  which took almost an hour to cross.  Returning to the U.S. was far easier and crossing the border only took 25 minutes.  The restaurants on both the American and Canadian Falls areas are only fair and the prices are high but the Falls themselves are breathtaking and worth the trip.   If possible, take the ride on the Maid of the Mist for a close up encounter with the beautiful falls and don't miss the Furry of Niagara at the IMax theatre near the Canadian Falls.
When my family were visiting friends in Canada, this was one of the places we visited.   We came during the summer and I thought summer would be  warm, so i  wasn't prepared for the cool weather in Canada and borrowed a sweatshirt from my friend.  brrr!! it was cold.  But it's was well worth it to see the beautiful waterfalls.
The Niagara Falls view from Canada is so beautiful.  You can see the entire horseshoe with alot of mist.  Definitely come here at night when they turn on the lights.  The colors are awesome as they're changing over  time.  It'll be very hard to take a picture in the dark but it worth the time to enjoy the mist coming from the fall in summer.
This place is one of my most favorite spots created by nature, maybe even #1 in my book since I haven't been to too many places.  I went when I was 17 and I'm 25 now, so this is a review of how I remembered it back then.  The falls were beautiful, illuminated by colored lights at night.  I went on Maid of the Mist, which I also recommend.
The  USA side is nice to get closer to the falls, but the view is better in the Canadian side.
This was pretty awesome to see. and also having canada on the other side is amazing. Too bad for all the pushy tourists, they really made the experience almost unbearable.
My first trip to the American side of the falls and it was an eye opener.  Having only visited the Canadian side previously I was unimpressed with what I saw across the river, but for actual viewing of the falls themselves the American side is a great location.  The prime viewing areas are all encompassed within a park and there are shuttle buses to move you to the viewing spots.  It is an inconvenient way to get around but the vantage points are pristine and the natural setting adds to the experience.  The canadian side with its easy access and urban ammenities make for a better evening and upscale ambience but the American side plays second to no one for views.
SIMPLY SPECTACULAR.  The view from the Canada side is better because we can get straight-on view of two falls, whereas I imagine on the U.S. side one of the falls would be harder to see looking from the side.  I can imagine hanging out here all way by myself relaxing to the sound of the waterfall, except that last Friday my relatives and I got there late and therefore there wasn't much sunlight time left.  I wish I can come here more regularly. :)
I love nature and this place is GORGEOUS!!! We stayed on the american side but we saw the falls from  the american side and also the canadian side, we stayed at the Crowne Plaza on the american side and walked to the falls.  We also drove to the canadian side to see the falls from there.  You get a much better view of the falls from the canadian side.  The view from the canadian side is AMAZING!!!
In one word: spectacular!!!  Considered one of the top natural wonders of the world, the Niagara Falls should be on your bucket list.  The last time I visited the falls was in early spring.  It was very very cold, and the area around the falls was coated in ice, BUT it was very easy to find parking right next to the falls, and there were no lines. :-)
The falls have been a mystery to me since the days of Superman.  They completely lived up to the pictures I painted in my mind.  Maid of the Mist is a must.  Unforgettable.
Totally worth visiting once in your life!  The town itself is pretty run-down with lots of boarded up places, cheap motels/hotels. and lots of shady people.  The Niagara Fall State park is very nice, however: it's clean and well-kept.  Be prepared to wait in long lines during holidays.
Im cleaning this language up a bit BUT this place is friggin awesome...great service a bottle of wine and a perfect view....not alot of choices but try the fish you wont be sorry
Spectacular water falls!  Enjoyed meandering through the park and taking in the awesome views.  So much power!!!
one of the most impressive things i have ever had the pleasure of laying my eyes on. i was planning on being able to see the falls both during the day and at night, but unfortunately chicago o'hare airport had different plans for me. i finally made it to the falls about 730pm and decided to eat dinner right on the edge overlooking the maginificent rushing water. at about 830p, the lights popped on and i really got to see the entire canada side of the falls... in regular white and new improved rainbow colors!! it was well worth the trip and definitely one of those places that is on the must visit list before you die.
Such beauty! If you're a nature lover, this is a must.
Minimal when compared to the Canadian side, the American side of Niagara Falls still is worth a visit if you're looking to get the complete Niagara experience. While these falls are not as spectacular as the Horseshoe Falls (Canada), the American side (which is composed of the American Falls on the left and the smaller Bridal Veil Falls on the right - when viewing the falls from the Canadian side) is part of a New York State Park that is surrounded by hotels and casinos owned by Seneca Nations of Indians (hence you're on a sovereign Native American reservation when you're visiting/staying here, meaning the place is exempt from many sales taxes imposed by New York for gasoline and cigarettes). While the Canadian side is big with families and tourists, the American side of the falls tends to be popular with gamblers. Luna Island provides visitors a ledge to see bridal falls upclose. It also allows visitors to take a tour of the caverns located underneath the American Falls. The Horseshoe Falls cans still be seen upclose from the American side by crossing either the pedestrian bridge or the 1st Street Bridge (on Robert Moses Parkway; near Holiday Inn) to the Goat Island that forms the Niagara Reservation. From the bridge, make a left Goat Island Road to you reach the parking lot. From the lot you can walk to a viewing point that will allow you to see the Horseshoe Falls upclose.
It is an amazing site to behold.  Make it a priority if you are near by and don't just look at the falls, walk around goat island the river leading up to the falls is spectacular as well.
It's one of the 9 wonders of the modern world & draws tourist folk from around the world to see its spectacular waterfall displays. Its powerful force and sheer amazing command of Mother Nature's fury makes Niagara Falls one of the most sought out tourist destinations in the world. The Falls itself is divided into 2 major waterfalls, the American falls and the more majestic horseshoe falls. Both of them supply an ample supply of awe and amazement to those who visit on a daily basis, myself included. I had the opportunity to visit Niagara Falls on both sides of the border on a recent trip and I got to say that it was worth every penny. While the Canadian side boasts better views than the US side, both sides of the border have differing advantages of what to see and do while in Niagara Falls. While the Falls is the major area attraction, the city of Niagara Falls in Canada and in the USA have other things to do and see. With Canada, there are the area casinos and restaurants to entertain yourself and family after you've had a great day viewing the falls. There's also those boat cruises that will take you as close to the falls without getting too wet. The Hornblower operates from the Canadian side, whereas the Maid of the Mist launches from the US side. Getting to Niagara Falls is an easy one. Flying into Buffalo Niagara international airport is a good choice, but you can also fly into Toronto in Canada. Both airports are closest to the Falls herself, but you can always fly into somewhere further and drive the remainder, if the budget warrants that itinerary. The facilities here at Niagara Falls is administered by the Niagara Falls State Park (US Park Service) on the USA side. I have had the privilege of visiting on a recent trip, I took part in seeing her on several locations, including doing the Maid of the Mist boat ride. The cost for the boat ride is $17, but the memories and experience of this trip proved to be most invaluable and very much memorable for me. While there are no admission fees to look at the Falls directly, it's always nice to chip in to help preserve the Falls for future generations. Support local! A++
I have been here twice in the past two years and maybe 12 times during the course of my life. From age 3 on my nature was limited to rain forests and waterfalls in Puerto Rico when I went to visit my relatives. Accordingly, I thought waterfalls only existed in tropical climates (I was 3). Even though I was 5 (and obviously a world traveler at that point), when I saw them I was not prepared for Niagara Falls. My first thought was "Damn, that pool is big" and "What happens if I jump in?" It was visually stunning and the sheer magnitude of it was overwhelming. Although I'm older and I have seen more of the world ,the falls are still quite beautiful to stare at, especially at night. Everyone should see this at least once in their lifetime.
My boyfriend and I recently took a trip to Niagara Falls and though we stayed on the Canadian side (much better view, in my opinion; I wrote a separate review for the Canadian side of the Falls), we truly enjoyed the New York side as well.  There are certainly more Falls-related activities on the NY side, such as Maid of the Mist (a boat ride right up to the foot of the Horseshoe Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls), and the Cave of the Winds (you get up close to the Bridal Veil Falls and stand below the Falls - so awesome). We also enjoyed walking around the two islands.  I especially enjoyed the Nikola Tesla statue!  (VERY AWESOME). On the whole, I think the Canadian side is far superior, in terms of hotels to stay at (there are hardly any on the NY side), restaurants (there aren't many on the NY side), and the view (you can't see much from the NY side).  But the activities on the NY side were very fun, and it was interesting to see the view from that side as well.
Who knew there was more than the Falls!? Too bad we didn't have more time to explore. Did the Maid of the Mist which I loved! They need more trolleys and bigger restrooms! They make you exit from the gift shop and it's a madhouse!
The falls of course is a beautiful park and natural wonder. Someplace everyone should see at least once. I've never been to the Canadian side, but you can get penty of great views from the NY side. The city of Niagara is apparently in a fiscal crisis and in jeopardy of losing it's status as a city if the population drops below 50k, hopefully this area can be revitalized and preserved. It would have been nice if there was more of a food selection at the park, but it's mostly Indian Cuisine and Chinese. It wouldn't hurt to have a little more variety for meals in the vicinity.   If you go during the summer be prepared for a lot of tourists. The park will be crowded and getting up to the bridge for a better view will take some waiting.
New York / American side offers the better views. Sorry Canada but it's true! Take solace in the fact that when viewing your side it looks better! We did our first trip here recently and was totally blown away by the natural beauty and awesome power of the falls. Niagara Falls is one of nature's wonders. It doesn't seem real when viewing it but it is. When taking the Maid of The Mist boat ride up to the edge of the falls it takes your breath away. The park here is also nice to walk around, as is the bridge when crossing over to take the boat ride as they offer spectacular views and plenty of terrific picture taking opportunities. If ever up in the Buffalo area seeing the falls is a must do. Of course, there are souvenir shops here to pick up a cheesy magnet to place on your fridge! I got mine!
Iv been here about three times and loved every moment of it! I think waterfalls are amazing and Niagara fall is truly one of the most amazing waterfalls Iv experienced!Niagara Falls is wonderful! If you decide to go...take me with you!  :D These are the things I heard about when i was there but haven't done....YET! Hehe you just have to make sure you also go at nighttime! Breathtaking! Every time I was there when it was morning or early after noon... Yes there aren't as many people but I haven't yet experienced The Falls beautiful colors! In Niagara Falls... the falls encompass everything! You can take a boat tour right up to the base of the falls...or you can travel behind the falls through a tunnel....I heard it was quite impressive... I was sacred back then but now I'm ready for the adventures! Even though I didn't take advantage of all the stuff I could of done at Niagara Falls..it was still the most amazing view!! Totally worth it! Take a camcorder and a cam and take lots of pics..it's so beautiful...trust me!
One of nature's prettiest landmarks and one of my favorite place in Canada.  The falls are really prettier on the Canadian side (compared to the NY side) and def worth the view at night and on weekends when they do fireworks.  Try for non-peak times like Oct-Apr.  If you've never been, Maid of the Mist is def worth the money you shell out for the boat trip to see the falls from the "bottom," but just seeing the falls from the top view will only take you under 30 min. *Try and stay somewhere else (Not in Niagara)...perhaps Niagara-on-the-Lake?  It's a bit....Touristy and conjested here (but if you're ok with that, then hey, you're golden). *If you take the Rainbow Bridge crossing between U.S. and Canada (ay!) you'll be able to see the falls from a third angle.
I live in the city of Niagara Falls, NY, about a five minute walk from Devil's Hole Park and a five minute drive from the falls themselves. Yes, the American side is more humble than the Canadian side, but sorry: give me the American side any day. It's been preserved as a park setting and there is a series of parks connected by paths so that you can actually walk a few miles along the Niagara River Gorge and I have to say, it is gorgeous. No matter how many times I walk the trails, I never feel less awed to be living near such an amazing natural wonder. That said, if you are a first-timer, see the falls from both the American and Canadian sides. The both have their merits. I hate crowds, so I really don't care for the over-commericalized Canadian Niagara Falls. The view is incredible, though. Poor Niagara Falls, NY the city. It's pretty much a ghost town but there are things to do... the aquarium and the Power Vista up the road are cool. If you like urban ruin it has some interesting sites to see. I have hopes that someday the local government will get its crap together and at least get the city to not look like such a war zone.
Who doesn't like to visit here :) Cream of america!!! Must see the "Maid of Mist" and falls during the night time where lazer lights are shown and for sure during day time - Dont miss to see the rainbow. Walk around and see the falls in every angle!
What a beautiful national park this is.  The park is well maintained, clean and I enjoyed every bit of it!  The trolley is a bargain and a fun way to get around the park.   The falls will take your breath away. If you're driving I would park on Goat Island and take a picnic lunch.  The area on the island is lovely with a great view of Horseshoe Falls. I think that was my favorite of the entire park.
The better part of Niagra Falls is DEFINATELY on the Canadian side.  There really isn't much to do (or stay) on the American side.  There do not seem to be many modern hotels.  In fact, as you approach the falls, there really isn't much going on at all.  TIP:  Be careful with your GPS.  Our GPS routed us into the middle of a bad neighborhood and proudly proclaimed "You have reached your destination".  I almost felt it was part of some horror movie or something.  We fired up another GPS program and originally reached our intended destination.  (I forget which program gave us the bad directions, or I'd offer up that specific warning).   The sound of the rushing water is amazing.  Most of the views are not that fantastic.  They are cool to look at, because the water is so turbulent and moving so quickly, but they don't lend themselves to very attractive photos.  We went over to Goat Island and it was definitely worth looking around.  It was more of a pleasant stroll.   The best view on the American side is up on the bridge.  This is where you can shoot your selfie with the falls int he background.  This is the best place to see the falls on the American side.  If you have a passport (or enhanced drivers license in NY), bring it.  After seeing the American side, you'll want to head across to Canada to see what you are missing.
There are no words adequate to describe the awesome wonder of the Falls. We did the Journey Behind the Falls as well as the White Water Walk...I personally preferred the WWW as we were walking along a boardwalk right next to the awesome Class 6 rapids. JBTF was exciting because we were so close to the roaring falling water...difficult taking photos because of the water constantly spraying over but still a great thing to do. Decided to skip the boat ride because we figured we have already been closer to the falls than the boat can go and really close to the raging water along the WWW. Downtown Niagara Falls, specifically the Clifton Hill area, is like Las Vegas without the sin :) since it is very lively and colorful and full of wacky activities, with which, quite frankly, I was completely uninterested. Mazes, funhouses, arcades etc. My 8 year old daughter really wanted to do the Mystery Maze and when she came out said "if I had known what that was going to be like I wouldn't have bothered, it was boring." We prefer to do things on vacation that we cannot do at home and try to avoid kitschy, tourist trap places or carnival type rides etc. Things like that are all over the place. She was enamored by everything related to the water falls and said it is the most amazing thing she has ever seen in her life. We also visited Bird Kingdom which is a wonderful and peaceful indoor aviary where she got to hold a macaw and feed lorikeets. It was wonderful to walk amongst the birds. The Butterfly Conservatory is another natural gem. We visited Rossi Glass and watched glass being blown into a decorative swan. The trip up the Skylon Tower afforded us breathtaking views of the Falls. On our next stop to Toronto we might not bother with the CN Tower even though it is twice as tall it is a similar experience except the Skylon doesn't have a glass floor). Fort George in Niagara on the Lake was a fun step back in time and the re-enactors were friendly and funny. The kids enjoyed learning about the muskets and seeing them fired and of course got a big kick out of sampling sweet treats in the fort's kitchen and climbing on cannons. Stopping at a couple of vineyards is a must. Palatine Hills was small and plain but the wine was wonderful and the people even more so. Peller Estate was much grander and busier but still a pleasant stop. Both places have grape juice for the kids to enjoy while mum and dad taste the important stuff :) We even stopped at an orchard where the kids got to go out to the trees and pick their own peaches and plums...they were so excited to do that and I have enjoyed seeing them spend so many days disconnected from electronics and not even miss them. The Niagara Falls experience was extremely memorable for all the right reasons and I wished I had planned more days to be there. 3 is definitely not enough.
It truly is a beautiful sight to see. Unfortunately you have to be on the Canadian side to see the better side of the Falls. There isn't much of a view of the Falls on the American side as you just see the end portion of the falls. On the Canadian side you can see the whole thing from the actual Niagara Falls to the river end of it, and at night it's even prettier as there are colored lights pointed towards the Falls to emit the light show displayed in the Yelp photos others have posted. When I went to see it two days ago it was still rather frozen towards the bottom of the main Niagara Falls waterfall so it's not as lovely right now. Also it's rather noisy and if you get close enough the water mists will get you wet. Careful the electronic equipment! I will warn that the pay machines on the Canadian side closest to the Bridge to USA are sometimes broken, and it costs $5 (Canadian value)...for how long I forgot. There's a website that has a diagram showing where to park near this attraction (on the Canadian side) for free or at a cheaper rate.
I cannot imagine anything as amazing as this. The maid of the mist was great, the cave of the winds was impressive. Staff was friendly and full of help. This place runs like a well oiled machine. Trolley ride was fun. We bought pass that included aquarium. Sea lions were cool, rest was lame. Go, visit Niagara Falls!!
I've been here at least 3 times in my life in the span of 12 years. Each time Niagra Falls impresses me. The mist shower is kinda fun. The Canadian side is way better than the American side. It is expensive but worth it whether you're local or not. At night the colors reflecting off the water are just beautiful. The shops around the falls border on tacky meets kitsch with no fine line in between. It has a carnival feel that is both amusing and insulting. It's always crowded regardless of what time you go. The park itself is well maintained.
beautiful and powerful no doubt.  i think the view from the canadian side is better simply because you can get up close and you can see both falls from afar.  i can't give it 5 stars though because of the utter disneylandification of the place.  huge casinos/hotels on both sides, throngs of tourists with no attempt to control congestion, and food carts every 100 feet trying to sell you "pop" and the like.  this totally detracts from the overall atmosphere.  thankfully, places like yosemite have not gone down this road.
The falls are of course amazing.   Maid of the Mist is a must.   Cave of Wind is awesome.  The town on the US side is dump.  In fact to call it a dump would be kind.    If you're going, make sure you bring your passport so you can go to the Canadian side.  Especially if you plan on spending more than an afternoon.   We ended up staying in Rochester and I'm glad we did.  It was a quick drive and a LOT nicer
I always feel weird reviewing nature.  It is not like if I hated something, I could complain to a manager.  "Your waterfall is too far.  Can't you open another location closer to my house?"   If you have have the chance, go.  It is an amazing sight in any season.  I have had the chance to see it during the warmer months and in the middle of winter.  Fully flowing or practically frozen, it is an amazing site.
It was my first trip to American Falls (USA side of Niagara falls). It's a Spectacular Sight as you view the water falling and then you look across the Canadian side and you realised for a second that the skyline is awesome as there is much more stuff on the Canadian side. This realization doesn't come in to play when you are on the Canadian side as you don't look at the whole picture plus the better view of water falling is on the Canadian side as well.   It's a beautiful phenomenon of Mother Nature to see water falling continuous at the same speed. not much else on the US side...They have made a small extended area where you can view the falls a bit better but they were charging for that. There is a small mall and food court building as soon as you come out of the falls and that's about it. Parking is tough and expensive as you can't parking on the streets nearby for more than and I believe it was 2 hours or 1 and half hour. You will have to drive around if you are looking for cheaper parking.
I been here more than three times, every time I came here there are some changes, first at Canada side was first all nature and later become very more commercial zone. So now you got more stuff to do and not just look at the fall. On the buffalo side, they are slowly building some trail for bikers, its very nice to enjoy the ride with lake view and less crowed like the Canada side.
A must see in your life time! Put it on the bucket list and see it from both sides (US & CANADA). It is truely an amazing site to see. So much water that never ends with so much power. You must take the boat ride and cave of the winds tour. Make sure you have a passport to cross over Rainbow Bridge. There is plenty to do on both sides of the falls. You wont be disappointed.
You HAVE TO check out Niagara Falls if you are in Toronto. It's funny. The United States owns the more beautiful side of Niagara Falls, but Canada's the one that gets to enjoy it. It was breathtaking. Plenty of good opportunities for photos. If you get a chance, do the Maid of the Mist tour. You get up close and personal, but you also get soaked! The food establishments in the area are SUPER slow, though. So don't try to grab food if you're on a time crunch.
how can i really write a review for such a natural wonder? it's something everyone should see at least once, especially from the canadian side, which is where we were. it's beautiful! strangely though, i expected them to be bigger? i guess i watched too many movies that made them seem so grandious, but in person it was just normal. besides the falls themselves, the surrounding town is extremely touristy. it is exactly like wildwood, NJ to me-carnival games, haunted houses, arcades, souvenir shops that all sell the exact same merch, etc. honestly, i was over it after an hour or two. and the ferris wheel costs $11 a person!! that is insane! i wouldn't plan on spending more than a day here. you can see the falls & do all the tourist stuff in one afternoon. you should definitely do the maiden of the mist-we did not and i wish we had.
For a wonder of the world, well. I was not very happy after visiting. Granted, the weather was horrible that day. Lots of freezing rain blasts to the face prevented us from seeing/photoing the falls through mostly blurred lens and watery eyes. The whole set up, minus the little manicured garden area, reeked of an old carnival ride that hasn't been updated since before you were born. And I'm sure it has been. That whole souvenir shop/mall food court/info center should be demolished - such an eye sore. All of the posted decorations and info yellowed with time and possibly prohibition smoke. That pushy and rude lady who attempts to sell you the "amazing package" kindly reminded me that if I didn't buy the 3 hour tour it would take close to 6 hours to walk. But a smile and a "No ,thanks. I am just here to see the falls" wasn't good enough. She was one mean lady. All I cared to see were the falls themselves. I suppose it's my fault for every stopping in the death trap tourist spot before heading there. Honestly, if I walked straight to the falls and skipped that place I would have been much happier.
It's great. I loved it. It's fantastic. I think everyone should go if they have the chance. They've got plenty of activities and fun for the whole family.
The Niagara Falls is one of the highlights of my life. Not kidding. It was just incredible to see. I'm really disappointed we didn't get to see them at night. Would have loved to see them all lit up but will just have to go back one day!
Anyone remember that scene in Superman II when Superman saves that stupid kid who's playing on the rails and then falls down the falls? Or how about that Woody Woodpecker episode when the Park Ranger is trying to stop Woody from going over the falls in a barrel? Or how about The Three Stooges "Slowly I Turned" skit that uses "Niagara Falls" as the trigger words. Or how about the episode on The Office when Pam and Jim got married at the Falls. If you're a powerful natural wonder and are referenced in timeless pop culture staples, there shouldn't be any question. 5 Stars Easily. Pushy Tourists? Sure. The Falls are breathtakingly beautiful by the way too.
Gorgeous and amazing. You really have to see it with your own eyes. After my trip to NYC, we took the train up to buffalo and rented a car out of amherst to come here. Directions were pretty easy, you do hit one toll road, so make sure you have a couple of bucks. (dollar each stop) Parking is $10. Take a trolley for $2.00 all day pass to ride from the american falls side to the horseshoe falls side. The american falls is pretty amazing and you see the little blue people on the Maid of the mist boat in the waters below. it's crazy to think that a 60 year old woman, among others would ride barrells down the falls!!! I can see how the Canadian side would be much better as you can see the whole falls from across the way rather than from just the side. I guess the best way to do it, without going to canada would be to just ride the Maid of the Mist but i was too chicken and really didn't want to be walking around soaked all day. The horseshoe falls was my favorite. The mist gets really high here and there's a nice seating area to take in the view right close to the waterfalls. There's snacks around the way, gift shop. We got some  yummy icecream next to the Cave. We went on a hot day but check the weather as it gets pretty cold in the evening so bring jackets. The best time to go i would say is a little later in the day, so there's not much waiting to see the lights come on. We made the mistake of being there around noon and the lights don't come on until after 9 since it stays lighter out there which we didnt' think about. (if i could have redone the day, i would have taken dude to Ralph Wilson Stadium earlier and my mom to the botanical gardens and THEN head out to niagara). The night lights tho i would have to say was underwhelming. and i HATE that word. i try to never use it, but i have to admit that word came to mind when the lights came on. Maybe it was the angle we were in, but i thought it would just be more spectacular. As dude corrected me, it was undertacular. But overall, niagara falls is an amazing piece of nature that one should see if they get the chance!
ive gotta say it wasnt quite what i expected. it was pretty and all but once youve seen it thats pretty much it.
Simply put AMAZING .... If you visit the American or Canadian side get ready for some amazing views . The falls are definitely one of those things that your should probably see in your life time such Beauty & power as u just stare in amazement like a little kid at one of natures best creation.
Gorgeous views!!! Simply beautiful .... You definitely have to enjoy Niagara Falls from the Canadian side ... the US side is nice however the Canadian side is just breath taking!
I hesitate to give it four stars instead of five. This isn't a business, it's a natural wonder. I feel like I'm reviewing God or something. Although...that would make it a lot more interesting if there's a "response from the business owner" after my review. Anyway... The experience can be slightly underwhelming. This is largely due to the fact that there is NOTHING on the American side. Usually you know that you're approaching a tourist destination because the spirit of commercialism really starts to ramp up. Not here. I didn't even see a McDonald's and I hate fast food. When was the last time you went to a popular tourist destination and found an abundance of free on the street parking less than a two minute walk away? But over on the Canadian side... They're just showing off over there. Ferris Wheels, space needles, observation decks. If I could sum it up with an analogy: Canada's side is Boardwalk and Park Place, the Falls are 'GO' and our side is Baltic and Mediterranean Avenue. The view from the American side is just okay. It's like trying to watch a flat screen TV while standing directly beside it. Whether you're standing beside the American falls or behind Horseshoe Falls further up, you really won't get as good a view as you could from the Canadian side. I don't have a passport, so my workaround was to ride the Maid of the Mist. For $15, I went directly up to both of them. I got a lot of good pictures and I was able to get a great overhead view from the Observation Deck once the boat ride was over.
Beautiful scenery. Try to get in through the Canadian side. The U.S. side is dismaying very touristy and commercialized. Definite must do is the Maid of the Mist boat ride.
First of all.... who the heck gives Niagara Falls anything less than 5 stars?  Seriously?  It's one of the great Natural Wonders of the world and an absolute masterpiece of creation!   So - to those who gave it less than 5 stars - go back to watching TV and eating Chef Boyardee out of the can.  You're clearly clueless. I've been to NF on 2 separate occasions (once in April and once in September), and each time it took my breath away.  It's a complete sensory onslaught (in a GOOD way)... from the incredible VIEWS (multiple), to the low rumble you feel in your feet as you approach, to the powerful NOISE the Falls makes... and yes, even the smell of all that water.  It truly is amazing.  Loved, loved, loved it.  Definitely spend the money (and time) to do Maid of the Mist - it's an amazing experience.   NF is a "must see" if you find yourself in Western New York.  Truly breathtaking!
Beautiful, amazing, breath taking...not much more to say. Natural wonder of the world...go and see.
The only reason this is 4 stars instead of 5 is because the Canadian view is SO much more spectacular than from the American side.  That being said, if you couldn't ever see it from the Canadian side, you wouldn't know what you're missing, and there are still some really good views/sights from the American park. Contrary to those that find the American side plain and undeveloped, I actually really like it for that reason.  The more open landscaping and colorful trees/plants provide much needed solace from the overwhelming, seizure-causing glitz of flash of Canadian commercialized biz.  The more natural and peaceful views from Niagara Falls State Park, NY are a welcome contrast. See my alternate review of the Canadian side for more details/recommendations, but generally speaking I think everyone should experience both sides to get the complete experience and appreciate what each has to offer. Remember that if you park on the American side, be sure to bring a passport/VISA (and 50 cents) to cross the international border on the Rainbow Bridge! :-)
Spectacular. How can you give Niagara Falls any less than 5 stars? It's one of nature's wonders. Definitely see it from the Canadian side. We spent most of our time on the Canadian side and the views there are way better.
It's the Niagara Falls, how do you not like this glorious nature-made landmark? I was lucky enough to see two versions of the fall. The night time is worth seeing -- the variation of the lights and colors is pretty intoxicating and you have this wonderful view of a Ferris wheel and all of the glorious lights from Canada and US buildings (casinos mostly). The morning time is a bit misty but it's still a breathtaking view. Great for all ages! ;)
I was in upstate New York for a cousin's wedding, so decided to make the drive here.  Now, I've been told how amazing the falls are by many who have seen them.  And, typically with things that are hyped, there is a let down when you actually see it. Well, this was an exception. Niagara Falls is as impressive as people say it is.  We took the tour of both the American and Canadian sides.  The falls are powerful and mighty majestic.  The water pours down at a rapid speed, resulting in the mist.  The falls aren't the tallest I've seen, but they are the most powerful.  The falls hit the rock, causing a cascade that results in froth, giving it a look of suds.   Part of the tour involved being on a boat that took us close enough to the falls that we felt the mist.  We were also taken to the park, where there were bright flowers arranged in a circular shape, resembling a clock.  The tour ended at night, where we were able to view the light show.  The cascading falls were lit up in multiple colors, I highly recommend Niagara Falls.  It's definitely a must see in this lifetime.
I loved our trip to Niagara Falls. The falls are illuminated every evening and there were fireworks while I was there. I cannot tell you how romantic it is. We visited with the kids and then went back later by ourselves. It is definitely worth a trip to see this amazing sight. Visited July 2012
Who visits Buffalo New York in the middle of a February winter? Me, and my accompanying 4 bus mates. We went to the falls at night, and they were beautiful. It's a beautiful place in winter, too, though I'm sure not a lot of people get the chance to see it that way. The lake was partially frozen over, and it stretched out beyond the falls glittering in the lights cast from... Well, Canada. If the whipping wind hadn't torn my breath away, then that view certainly would have. I've been told by many people, virtually everyone, that the Canadian side of the falls is much, much better than the American. And honestly after what everyone is saying, I'd believe it. The American side is barren, virtually lightless, while the Canadian one is sparkling and wondrous, complete with a freaking Ferris Wheel. Not to mention, I've been told you can see the falls in all their splendor, and not just the partial side you get from the American side. There was a light show going on, though I've been given the impression that that happens pretty much every night. And it was very beautiful. All sorts of colors shot across the ice and water, make it seem almost like the aurora borealis. I might be changing this to 5 stars when I get a chance to finally see the falls in all their spring time glory, which I might end up doing when I go back that way in April, but who knows. It was beautiful, there is no doubt about that.
Niagara Falls is easily the most impressive waterfall I've ever seen; photos don't do it justice. The crash of millions of gallons of water is deafening yet calming. Stopped here on the way to Toronto. It was summertime, so there were quite a number of tourists out and about, snapping photos. There's little that I can add that hasn't already been said, so if you get a chance, just go!
Stunning! Gorgeous! Picturesque! As a child, my dear, dear grandparents were kind enough to let me join them for a vacation to New York to visit my great aunt. The memories of our visit to Niagra Falls are fabulous! It's definitely an experience a person must see to believe.
Are you guys giving this attraction five stars kidding me?! Niagara Falls, NY-- and we're talking about the falls and the surrounding area-- is a complete and total nightmare. Let's talk about views. First of all, the worst views are from the NY side. From NY, tourists literally get the ass and "side boob" of the falls while Niagara Falls gets full frontal nudity! No joke! If you want to see the falls in all their glory, go to the Canadian side. Secondly-- and no disrespect to the residents of Niagara Falls, NY-- but the place is a complete and utter dump in every sense of the word. You wouldn't think that, considering that it's the site of a major tourist attraction, but yes, it's literally a run down, derelict area with boarded up buildings, sad attractions, and horrible accomodations. I was astounded to see a gorgeous art deco skyscraper literally looking like something out of Detroit, but that's Niagara Falls for you-- a dump, dump, dump! The hotel I stayed at-- true story-- was practically falling apart. The elevator didn't work (it had a mind of its own and went to whatever floor it felt like), the ceiling was full of water stains and cracked plaster, the telephone was an old rotary from the 1960s, and the bottom half of the window of my room was literally loose and propped in place by a staff member to keep from falling out! (I swear to you, I am not lying!) A nice, juicy spider hung from outside the window pane, too. Food was a joke.  Because of the large number of East Asian tourists, practically all of the food was Indian, with the remaining offerings being a Hard Rock Cafe (ugh), some cheapie family style restaurant, and a lousy overpriced food court with such "exotic" offerings as Chinese takeout. Dear Ol' Dad was going so insane out of his mind wanting real food that he made a beeline for Canada and came back with a container of buffalo wings looking like a druggie who'd just gotten his fix after hours of running out of his stash. Equally awful were the attractions. Beyond pitiful, like something out of a Simpsons or Family Guy parody. They included: 1) A hot air balloon ride. Oh, no, wait-- scratch that-- a basket attached to a large helium balloon, tethered to a rope that is "handled" from someone on the ground. You step in, it gets raised by the handler about 200 feet, and swings in the breeze for awhile as you tearfully pine for the glittering Canadian skyline across the river with all its space age towers, gorgeous casinos, ginormous Ferris wheel, delicious restaurants, and other attractions. Then it gets lowered again and you're back in Dumpsville, USA. 2) A musty old wax museum with a layer of dust so thick on the glass, that you could barely see the equally dusty and depressing wax figure of Abe Lincoln peeking from behind it. I came this close to slapping my father, who in his later years is eager to please and desperately wanted to pay the exhorbitant fee to get inside. 3) A depressing, dimly lit souvenir shop with oversized pencils, dingy viewmasters, plastic tomahawks, and other crap that's probably been there since the Carter era, as their packaging was literally brown and dusty and I literally hadn't seen these types of souvenirs since 1979. And no, I'm not kidding about the 1970s bit, either, because this place actually had a vintage candy vending machine in there, the ones with the old fashioned pull-knobs going way back. Don't get me wrong-- the falls themselves are gorgeous and worth seeing. But don't come to the NY side expecting it to be like Orlando where once you see the main attraction, you'll be able to spend the rest of your vacation doing other cool and fun things while relaxing at a decent hotel. If you want that, go to Canada. That's where the action is. But don't come to the NY side unless you don't have a choice. You'll be horrified.
Every Ohio kid came here as the big family vacation spot back in the day. My family made more than the average number of trips, because we had family in Toronto. Other family would visit from Italy, and we had to shuttle them back and forth between the two. The Italians always loved Niagara and Toronto, but hated Cleveland. Screw them. So when the wife and i were thinking of a destination wedding location, this one was a no brainer. That and her cousin is a Buffalo area Lutheran minister who specializes in marrying folks here. It was a windy October day. We all got ready at the American side Travelodge and marched down to the falls to seal my fate. We took our vows on a little island almost ten feet from the river. It was almost pagan to be surrounded by trees, wind and water during a religious ceremony. After the fact, we took pictures all over the park. Foreign tourists all gawked at us in our fancy get-up, and one guy even posed with us for some shots. True, the American side is run down, which is a shame considering this is one of the world's natural wonders. The local economy is extremely depressed, while the Canadian side flourishes. Sounds like a microcosm for our whole country. But the park is still run well and kept clean. As a kid, i always feared someone i knew would fall into the water. Now i just worry that they'll call me from jail. I also shuddered to think anyone would ride that cable car across the river. I still wouldn't do that. Or ride the Maid of the Mist. But i did take the walk behind the falls tour as a kid. That was pretty neat. In the winter it takes on an even more mystical persona being half frozen. It really needs the same attention and pride that people have for some reason now shifted to OBX.
Ok, I didn't actually view Niagara from the American side, but I don't think Yelp allows me to review international venues, so this is a review for the Canadian side.   First piece of advice - Go to Canada to see Niagara Falls.  Matt and I kind of felt bad for the people on the American side, because it looks like the view sucks.  You essentially see the falls from the back, instead of the front.  That's lame. Get your passport ready. Second piece of advice - Canada Day is July 1st.  It's quite busy if you go around that time. Third piece of advice - Food is expensive if you buy lunch around Niagara.  We spent $31 on a mildly crappy take-out lunch.  Pack a picnic, and bring a blanket.  There's a lot of space to set up a picnic.   Fourth piece of advice - Do one of those special views  thing.  The people on the boat looked like they were getting soaked, so we opted to walk through the tunnels instead. Some parts of the tunnel open up right under the falls, which was awesome.  Seeing and feeling how powerful the falls are was quite amazing.  During the tunnel walk, you also learn a lot of the history of Niagara Falls.  There's also a viewing platform right near the base of the falls, which was pretty cool. Fifth piece of advice -  Go.
I've gone here every summer since my Mum was pregnant with me, and I still get goose bumps every time I see them. Here are somethings you should know: -The view of the Canadian Horseshoe Falls is so much more impressive, you can get really close to the Niagara River and even drive up along the river to the falls themselves. -There will be millions of tourists there everyday, regardless of the weather -Niagara Falls, NY is a wasteland -Niagara Falls, ON is like being in Times Square. If Times Square was on a huge hill and allowed 19 year olds to drink legally -Niagara On the Lake is a cute town with plenty of little shops and restaurants. -You have to go on the Maid of the Mist and the Whirlpool Jet at least once, even if they are very cheesy and tourist traps. -The Falls do not flow in full force, much of the water is controlled to prevent erosion and also diverted to the various power plants on the river (combined the power plants on both Canadian and US soil produce 4,620,000 Kilowatts of power).
Take it from a local - Niagara Falls could be so much better than what it actually is. The American side has very little to do, other than just taking pictures of one of the world's largest waterfalls. A few of the things you can do around the area to stay amused are Maid of the Mist & Cave of the Winds. Those are two long standing tourist attractions that are worth your time & money. Otherwise, if you're over 21, check out the Seneca Niagara Casino when you're done gawking at the falls. If you have a passport or an EDL, you can head over to the Canadian side of the falls, which has better views (in my opinion) and many many more attractions all up & down Clifton Hill. There are plenty of trails around the falls to walk along, but unfortunately, due to our cold cold winters here, Niagara Falls is at it's best in the summer. If you come here in the winter time, you will find yourself with little to do, other than freeze your butt off. It's definitely something to see at least once in your life time, but if you are going to plan a trip to Niagara Falls, don't bother staying around for more than a day or two.
Oh, I can't leave out Niagara Falls! We got there kind of late, so we were unable to ride the ferry that takes you up to the falls.  But we could still see all three falls (Niagara, Horseshoe and American) from the observation areas above.  What a breathtaking view. There was also an opportunity to meet the Niagara and American falls up close and personal.  At the bottom of these falls, there's an attraction called "Cave of the Winds."  We were given  rain ponchos and rubber sandals to wear and we took an elevator down to the bottom.  Then we climbed up these stairs that lead up to falls and when we reached the top, there they were.  I got to dance under a rainbow! Horseshoe Falls is the largest of the three.  Talk about the power of nature...I felt it standing next to the falls.  It was awesome. static.px.yelp.com/photo… We wanted to visit the Canada side too, but because we didn't bring our passports, we couldn't.  Well, that gives us a reason to return to Niagara Falls again - and hopefully, we'll get there in time for the ferry tour.
It's big.  It's beautiful.  And it's hella far out of the way.  I actually visited from the Canadian side of the border (same difference, right?).  You actually can see the Falls from the plane on the way to the airport, which makes for a very impressive view.  Around the observation areas, the falls are so massive, you can't capture the whole thing in one shot. When I came with some relatives, the weather was bright.  A slight breeze filled the air with a damp mist.  I guess there isn't much else to say about this place.  Aside from the falls, you face a barrage of tourist traps, everything from Planet Hollywood to Ripley's Believe it or Not, and you can find those in almost any big city.  Once you're done taking in the natural beauty, you can put Niagara Falls on the list of places you don't ever have to come back to.
I actually got stuck in Toronto because my flight from Rome to NYC was cancelled due to the big Hurricane last year and Toronto was the only way out.  So what is there to do in Toronto?  Rent a car and go to Niagra Falls!  Seems like most people like the Canadian side better, but we crossed over and went to the American side.  I thought it was good, but I guess the other side is better?  Whatever, same falls. We took the Maid of the Mist boat tour that shoves you right up against the falls.  That was pretty awesome.  They give you these neat blue ponchos with the logo on it to wear so you don't get too soaked.  My camera still got pretty wet since I couldn't resist taking pictures the whole way.  There are tons of birds floating around the boat the whole way.  Just make sure you get on the boat fast so you can claim a prime railing spot before it gets too crowded.  There is a gift shop and lots of gift stands around, but I didn't really buy anything there.  There is also another activity where you walk right up against the falls, but we got lost on the way to the falls so we didn't have too much time. We then went a little ways into NY and hit up the outlet mall nearby to do some shopping.  The outlet mall was decently large and I bought a ton of stuff before we headed back.  On the way back to Toronto, we stopped at Niagra Falls again to see the night light view.  The colors along the falls kept changing and were beautiful!   I wouldn't take a trip out here just to see Niagra Falls, but it was definitely worth seeing since I was in the area.
