Beautiful cabins. It was a great getaway. Can't wait to kayak today. We only stayed one day and enjoyed our cozy cabin with fireplace and everything we needed. The wrap around  porch was my favorite
What a beautiful park preserving the natural state of Silver Springs on the edge of the city. We enjoyed the glass bottom boat ride where we saw many turtles, all kinds of fish and beautiful birds. The springs are magical, so clear and blue. I can't wait to go back and kayak the river.
WAS a cool place before the government took it over, got rid of the animals, etc. Took grandkids there from Tampa Bay twice previously, had a great time. I think the anti-zoo folks in the government got their way, got rid of the animals instead of fixing the problems. It was the UN-Disney, old-time family fun, maybe pressure from such places helped kill it. It needs to be operated by entrepreneurs, not bureaucrats or environmentalists, to make it attractive to customers again, has no future as a public park otherwise. A shame, a nice site, a boon to employment in the area.
This place is breathtaking. Kayaking through the Silver River we encountered so much wild life. Birds, Alligators and we even saw a family of monkeys crossing the river! It was incredible. The monkeys are not native to Florida, but rumor has it that they were brought to this part of Florida by a budding entrepreneur who wanted to create a theme park centered around monkey boat rides. Well, that didn't work out, but the monkey's adapted to the Florida environment and seem to be thriving along this river. Making the round trip kayak from the launch site to the where the park and glass boat tours are and back is a strenuous endeavor. I think it's at least a 10 mile paddle (half of it being against the current) and it took us over five hours. The first alligator I saw on this paddle freaked me out. It was my first experience encountering a gator (and thereafter I saw dozens), but when it moved and went into the water when we pulled up...and I thought it was swimming after us! I expected a gator to just jump up and chop off my arm, like they do in Gatorland with the chickens, but luckily it never happened. Apparently, they are more afraid of humans and tend to be pretty cautious. For those in the park itself without your own boat, you can take a glass bottom boat tour which costs $10 (2014), lasts half hour but you get to see through to the Spring bottom in crystal clear water. Absolutely beautiful. If you're out this way in Florida, please don't pass up visiting this park! Truly a Florida gem.
This park was really nice! I loved Kayaking in the spring and I like the fact that you can choose the amount of time you would like to be participating in the activity (unlike another trail I went on where you were stuck on the trail until you finished.. a MINIMUM of 4 hours) Also, I saw wild monkeys which were really cool. EXCEPT there was people feeding them, which is not smart. That's like rule #1 .. don't feed the animals. Staff was super nice and prices were reasonable.  Definitely want to go back to hike the trails.
The state of Florida is calling this park Silver Springs, check the website before you go. And you should go! Silver Springs has been a Florida attraction since the end of the Civil War, when steamboats brought tourists to the site.. While it was a privately run attraction until finally closing in late 2013, The State Of Florida is now running it as a State Park, and is doing a pretty good job of upkeep for the old attraction. Gone are the petting zoo, antique cars, and Wild Waters water park, for now at least, but the main spring still gushes 5.5 million gallons of pure, clear water every day. Fish, turtles, and birds love the crystal clear 98.9% pure clear springwater. The grounds are a perfect place for a picnic lunch, and there are picnic tables all over the park, so bring your cooler! The glass bottom boats are still running ($9.99, 8.99 senior) as is the jungle cruise. I'm sure the monkeys are still out there, too, swinging from tree to tree as they have for decades. On the river side of the park is the Florida Cracker pioneer village museum, operated by the Marion County School system. Glimpse life in Florida before the interstate highways, even before electricity!  $2.00 gets you in. Canoe and kayak rentals and camping are available, just check the website for more info. Admission is $8.00 per carload, less for motorcycles, bicycles and hikers. When the interstate highways were built, natural attractions like Silver Springs, once the premier must see for tourists, struggled. When Disney World opened near Orlando, it was the beginning of the end for places like Silver Springs and Weechi-Wachee. Still, the natural beauty survives, and Silver Springs is a must see for any Florida visitor or resident, whether a new arrival or a native who has never been there. floridastateparks.org/si...
This place is gorgeous! I went with my friend who has waited her whole life to come here. I was so fascinated with the glass bottom boats and views. It was a great value and an amazing experience!
This place is beautiful! I wish I would have thought about ticks though... My dogs ended up with a few on them. Me and my fiancé were both wearing flip flops and shorts :/ got the hebe jebe's from them :) love to come back though another time, but more prepared for the occasion.
I stay here many times through out the year. It's just beautiful,. The campsites have water and electricity. They are big enough for the super sized campers as well as tents. Even tho the sites are side by side,  you feel very secluded in your own space. With a few exceptions,  you can't really see the spaces near you.  The bathrooms are very close to all the sites,  and are spotless. The Trails are wide and flat. There are a few trails to choose from, all with their own personality. There is a trail that leads from the campground to the old Silver Springs  Park where they have the glass bottom boats. There is really nothing there but a restaurant and the boats.  This is also where you rent kayaks and canoes. But the real gem here,  is the free museum. It's small but full of wonderful information on the springs, and the movies that were made there. Remember Tarzan and The Creature From The Black Lagoon? Back at the campground there are also a paved bike trail. AH! I forgot to mention they have a real Florida Cracker village there, and an awesome museum too. (All in the state park ) I love this State Park.
First time camping here and already I love our cabin!  It's 2 rooms, high ceilings, private bathrooms, beautiful, big all u shape porch almost wrapped around the entire cabin!   There's tubing,  canoeing and horseback riding in the area so enjoy and make a whole plan for this Springs trip!
Came here during a trip to Ocala. Only spent a couple hours, hiked the river trail and had to turn back because of mosquitos (stupid us brought nada in way of repellant). BEAUTIFUL trails. Wonderful forest. They also have kayak rental available, they say you have to be there early in the morning to get one. They also have a small museum, that costs an additional $2, which we skipped, but looked good for the 10 & unders.
