Looking for an absolutely beautiful yoga studio in the city? Shakti yoga on Grant Street is the brainchild of Michelle Gigante. She took an amazing old bank building and repurposed it. There are heated hardwood floors, huge windows, and parking in the back. Aside from the stunning visuals, Michelle is the real deal. A true yogi who understands thee are eight limbs to practice, not just asana. Monica Z., who teaches restorative, is another gem at Shakti. She creates an atmosphere of bliss while rebalancing and replenishing your energy. All in a supremely slow, healing practice. Check out the Kirtan evenings, too, as a way re-ignite your passion for this mortal coil, as well as an opportunity to connect with other yogis.
I am totally new to yoga, and this is my first "real" experience with yoga (other then having random classes at the various gyms that I've been to throughout the years). I have attended the Vinyasa and Slow Vinyasa classes (mostly going to slow vinyasa which are better for beginners). The instructor, Michelle, is awesome! She comes up with a theme for every class and really focuses in on it, always bringing the class back to the theme (e.g., non-judgment, traveling on breath etc.). The classes are interesting, and I always feel that I got a good workout even though I feel totally relaxed as I leave - it's an odd feeling! The space is gorgeous! As others have mentioned, the studio is in a converted bank with super high ceilings and heated floors. It is nice and clean, and in the evenings there are candles lit all over the studio, setting a lovely ambiance. Overall, although I am way more into high paced work outs, Shakti Yoga has won me over and I love the way my body feels after a class...highly recommended!
MY first (and unfortunately only, so far) experience at the beginner's vinyasa yoga class at shakti on Saturday was great. I loved the teacher, the class was small, the music was perfect and there was not only a teacher showing us the poses in the front of class but one who walked around helping us with our poses. There were even a couple moments where I started to feel a little bit of the flow, which I never have before at other yoga studios. I am really optimistic about the very strong feel of eastern tradition in this yoga class. It is not just a good work out, it truly is a spiritual retreat. I'm sure once I get better at the poses, it will be an even better place for the mind. I am always crazy and busy, and the fact that it actually lowers my stress levels is a must for me. Supposed "beginner" yoga classes can at times have very minimal individual interactions leaving me feeling confused and stressed, but this did none of that. I loved it and wish that I had a better schedule to match, and go more frequently, I but am working on getting one!
I really enjoyed the live music class that we went to.  The flow of the class was very good and I didn't have any pain from holding positions too long. The space and heated floor boards were great.  The class was full but not too full.  We all got several corrections during class as the instructor continuously was circulating around.  There were people of all levels and it seemed that everyone had a positive experience.  I will definitely come again when I'm in town and I highly recommend it.
It was one of THOSE days: I was running late, with too much to do, got lost and stuck in traffic en route to the city, and as a result, showed up late and frazzled to my first session at Shakti. I walked out of this session feeling calmed, loved and wanting to go back. What happened? As soon as we stepped through the doors of this converted bank building, I felt calmer. The lobby was welcoming, with a comfy couch and a bookshelf full of interesting titles, and a small dressing room (no shower) where we could stash our things. The staff at Shakti let us into the studio quickly and quietly, giving me a free mat and bringing over blankets and blocks so I'd be ready to go. The cavernous space was nice and dark, the practice slow and personalized. Monica taught this Monday class (which was pay-what-you-will), and modeled each pose well, stopping periodically to circle the room and adjust us. It was a very slow vinyasa, with time to sink into each pose (though sometimes so slow I got lost in my thoughts and ended up a few poses behind). I felt both challenged and relaxed, and never pressured to perform. At the end of class, as we lay back and rested, Monica came along with a lavender satchel and placed it on my face. So nice! Afterwards, Monica gave the new students tour of the space, explaining that the giant paintings of Hindu deities on the left studio wall were painted by a local artist from Allentown, that the space hosts weekly music events, and has an upstairs space for visiting artists and folks interested in Thai or Swedish massage. The piece de resistance: When I left my wallet behind (I was that relaxed!), Monica was quick to track my number down and call me so I could come back and get it. Thanks for everything, Shakti!
This studio is beautiful. It is an old bank with great renovation. There are high ceilings, lots of light, and even an old bank vault in the back. Unfortunately, the space is the only reason why it gets 2 starts from me. This is just not my type of studio. The woman who owns the studio teaches almost all the classes. She seems nice enough but she is mostly just doing her own yoga practice in front of you. Going to a studio should be something more than watching a DVD. She had an interesting routine, but a few of us couldn't understand the poses and she didn't even notice because she never looked up. I tried to ask but couldn't get her attention. She did no adjustment (physical or verbal). She did not explain the details of the poses or suggest refinements. I also got annoyed frankly when at the end of class they told me I had to pay because my class card was expired. I was annoyed by this because I was confused about when my card would expire and asked about it before class and told I had more time to use up my card. There are not many classes here that fit into my schedule anyway. but I think it would really benefit from having more instructors and more classes. There is a woman who teaches a gentle yoga class here too that I do like and would return.
Compassionate & intuitive instruction! Great place to open your heart, mind, & body. There are several yoga classes offered, meditation classes, and several special events. The floor is heated making savasana a juicy and truly relaxing experience. If you are a person who likes assistance, be sure to note the difference between the led vinyasa sessions and the other sessions. The instructor will move with you during a led vinyasa session versus walking around and assisting clients during the other sessions. The schedule will indicate which sessions are led. I have been going here for years and have experienced physical and spiritual growth through gentle guidance of the instructor. A few years ago, an unassisted headstand seemed something unattainable, but the instructor helped me to understand that it's not about the pose, but the process, and that it's ok if you never obtain the pose. She kept saying, one day when you're ready, your legs will just go up into headstand...and voila...years later, that's exactly what happened. I prefer this kind of practice and instruction as opposed to a competitive, "all about the pose" environment.
