Having recently moved back to buffalo, i went to the salon closest to me, and hoped for the best. I managed to get a same day appointment with Sara to get my eyebrows waxed & she did a perfect job, and was friendly as well! im ecstatic because i really thought it would be trial & error until i found a good salon. I will definitely go back. The salon itself is gorgeous & the rest of the staff is really nice as well.
Jen is awesome. I always walk out of here feeling confident.
Having just moved to the city I have been struggling to find a hairdresser I trust. My first attempt was not successful so I had started cutting my own bangs, but, you know, it could not go on like this. I went to 806 with a friend's recommendation. Really relaxed and hip atmosphere met me as I walked in. Not so loud, good quality music, dim lights, and friendly staff. Shannon was my stylist. Gave me a nice head massage as she washed my hair, and then a great cut! She totally got what I wanted and made sure that I was pleased with the style. Respectful, yet, warm and friendly. I highly recommend the salon and Shannon. I will be going back.
I have never been one to go and get my hair done professionally.   I always used that darn box color that would dye not only my do but also my neck and hands... yuck!  Anyway, I decided to go with blonde highlights a little over a year ago, and someone I knew recommended Studio 806.  I was a little hesitant because I thought I would be forking over the big bucks, but I also felt I deserved a professional cut and color after all of these years, and would probably only pay a little more than your average place.   I gave it a try, and boy am I glad I did.  I love my hair and have been routinely going since my first visit whenever I need a refresh.  Shannon was the first to do my hair, and now she is my girl every visit.  We probably know each other's entire life stories because getting highlights is not a quick appointment.  I feel extremely comfortable there, and I love that her station is in the back room where it seems more private and calm.  Usually, I am the only one back there, and it is really relaxing.   Shannon is such a devoted hairdresser that she travels to Syracuse for one half of the week to work on her clients there (which is her hometown), and then comes back to Buff for the rest of the week and works her job here.  She always does a beautiful job, and I get lots of compliments my hair.  Its a little expensive, but that is because I have really long hair, I am getting highlights, and a lot of times I get a cut too.  I don't mind though because I feel like it is well worth the money, and saves me a great deal of time and frustration doing my own hair.  The receptionist is SUCH a sweetheart along with everyone else, they offer you complimentary drinks (water, wine, coffee), and the atmosphere is hip and fun.
Ok, this place has a lot of different things going on but I have only gotten a haircut and my eyebrows waxed here. First of all, if you're going to go I would check out the website I have above here first and make sure their price range seems ok to you. I went on a reccomendation from a friend who said it was worth the price. This was kind of a mistake as one, he's a guy so obviously he's looking for something different from a hair cut then I am, and two, he apparently does not know normal price ranges for hair cuts as I thought it was pretty overpriced for what they gave me. First of all, the guy cutting my hair wasn't all that nice. I am so used to hair dressers making conversation and actually telling you if they like the cut you picked but you know how sometimes you walk into a store or restaraunt and it's like they turn their nose up in the air the minute you walk in? IT was like that here. Some people may be into the pretentious hair dresser, but I am not. HE didn't really talk to me and didn't really give me any opinions on the hair cut I selected he just started cutting. The hair cut didn't take very long either he seemed sort of bored with it. I just was not impressed by his overall demeanor at all, and the haircut wasn't bad but it wasn't impressive by any stretch of the imagination. Then I got my eyebrows done. The girl who did them was REALLY nice to me, even though it took her awhile and she used the tweezers more then ANYONE I've ever gotten my eyebrows done by. The eyebrows came out looking pretty nice, but they charged me 18 bucks... If I really felt like spoiling myself I might go back here for eyebrows again but probably not a hair cut, because 40 bucks (not including tip) would be fine for a hair cut that is way better then the 25 dollar ones I'm used to it just seemed pretty average whereas at a little bit lower priced places I've gotten haircuts that I loved from nicer people.
806 has been my go-to salon since 2004, that's 8 years! After I moved back to Buffalo from Chicago, I immediately went back, hoping it hadn't changed, and it hasn't! The staff is very friendly and attentive, and will go the extra mile to make you comfortable. My stylist this time around was Judy. She was faced with the daunting task of fixing a diy haircut I impulsively gave myself a few nights before... yeah I walked in with a vague idea of what I wanted and she promptly worked her magic. Not only did my hair look gorgeous when I walked out, but it seems to get better every time I wash it. It air dries beautifully (which is great, as I seldom blow dry), and keeps its shape through humid, sweaty summer days without the need for product. I walked in 5 minutes before my appointment and Judy practically met me at the door. All in all, I think this is the best salon in Buffalo, and have always had a great experience there.
I have had little luck finding a stylist in New Orleans that i love so when I was in Buffalo this past week, I jumped at the chance to get my hair cut at 806. My stylist (Jen) from way back was still there too! Not to mention that it's so much cheaper than where I am now. cheers to some things never changing!
I am new to Studio 806 and went in for a cut and a consultation on ombre highlights. My appointment was with Lauren, who by the way is a GEM and the owner of the salon. She listened very well as I explained my hair issues and problems with my previous cuts, and helped guide me in the direction of the cut I was looking for. During my highlights consultation, I was impressed with her knowledge and training. She made me feel very comfortable as she walked me through her technique step by step. Overall, I LOVE my hair and I was very happy with Lauren. I've already scheduled my appointment to come back and see her for my highlights! Thank you so much Lauren!
I have been going to Kate for my haircuts for as long as I can remember.  I have always had very short hair and I know how hard it is to find someone that can cut it well.  I've been growing my hair out to make a donation to Locks of Love and have my first appointment in 2 years with Kate on Friday. I am always treated like a rock star at this salon and ge nothing but good vibes from not only the hairdressers but the clientele as well. This is just a cool place to go for the best hiarcuts ever!
I've gotten several services at 806 but it is by far my favorite place for a mani-pedi. The studio is both welcoming and relaxing and everyone is so friendly. My gel nails lasted for weeks longer than other places I have tried!
I went to this salon last weekend, thanks to a Groupon deal.   I went for an hour long facial and loved it.  I can't remember the aesthetician's name, but she was great... made me feel comfortable and relaxed.  I kind of forgot she was there after a while (until she started extractions!).     She had honest recommendations about my skin.  My face felt amazing afterwards.    I would definitely go back again.   The salon is right in the heart of Elmwood...   great location...  lots of shops to check out afterwards.
I love Studio 806!  I tried 6 other salons after moving to Buffalo 8 years ago and once I found this place, I never looked back.  My favorite stylist is Kate.  She does an amazing job with both cuts and color, but I have also seen the other stylists when Kate is not available, and have always had good experiences with all of them.  I have no idea what the negative reviewers are talking about...the atmosphere is always upbeat and friendly, and the work really is stellar.  Vanessa at the front desk is also great--everyone is professional and friendly.  Can't recommend enough!
Really an enjoyable experience and an amazing cut & color/highlight by my now and forever stylist-Brandon!! I used to dread going to get my hair done and the length of time spent at a salon, but at Studio 806 everyone there is so nice and it's just plain fun to be there.  Not at all pretentious like you may get at other places. Easy to find and in a really great location to grab lunch afterwards & do some city shopping.  Thanks to all the Staff, especially BRANDON!
I got a tip before I moved to Buffalo about this salon. I went there when I moved and have never looked back. After reading other reviews, I think the reviewers were probably a bit pretentious themselves. One really needs to have a relaxed attitude there. All the staff do. I've never had a bad haircut. The color is spot-on. I feel welcomed when I visit. I've been going to Jen since I arrived, but would entrust my hair to anyone working. The owners are fantastic (despite other reviews) and Vanessa and Holly rock that reception desk like it's no one's business. Obviously, I can't mention every person who works there, but it's always such a positive experience. Wine while I wait...another glass while my color is soaking in. What more could a girl want?! They've been voted best salon in Buffalo for Best of Buffalo. Definitely check them out. Let your guard down and relax....you're being treated. P.S. It helps if you're not so tight lipped too. Talk to your hairdresser...They all have some crazy stories to tell you.
