I am so grateful for such a lovely studio to practice at when I'm in Buffalo! BYW is as clean & professional as they are caring & friendly. I even took my 11 & 12 year old nephew & niece who were treated like celebrities which made them love it even more. I have been to many many Bikram studios all over including; headquarters in Los Angeles, Lynn Whittlow's in Northern California, several in NYC, & my home studio is Global Yoga which is Mary Jarvis's (The angel of healing pain with yoga, google her if you don't know who she is) studio in San Francisco. So when I give out 5 stars to a Bikram Yoga studio they actually really deserve it. Thank you Kitty, Becky, Kathy, & Gina from "bones to skin, head to toe, inside & out" we all enjoyed each & every one of your classes. The only time I wasn't freezing while in Buffalo, was the time I spent with you!
There are two types of people in this world:  (a) those who try bikram yoga and become whack-job addicts, and (b) those who detest hot, sweaty nasty ass-kicking stretchy workouts and think the addicts are crazy.  Guess which one I am???? It's a totally lovely studio--the reception area is large and comfortable for after-yogaing lounging and gabbing and drinking yummy zico coconut water, the locker room is bright and clean (if sometimes a bit chilly at 5-freaking-30 in the morning) with 2 showers for the ladies and the actual studio is huge and clean.  It's carpeted-which I like so I can get some traction on my feetsies but I know other bikramers in other cities think it's dirty/nasty.  Which just makes me thank the lord that I don't have to live in NYC with the dirty/nasty people.   I think the largest class-in terms of attendance-has been just around 40 people.  Any more than that and it might be a wee bit too crowded.   So I was telling my haircut-mistress about the bikram and she mentioned that she has a ton of clients who go to the studio...and some have complained about the "snobbishness" of some of the instructors.  I was aghast! taken aback! WHA? ...until I experienced it myself.  I really hate deducting a star for this, but attitude is not welcome.  Especially at YOGA!!!  Where's the inner-zen-meditation-lovey-happy bullshit that I'm not so much into myself...but if you're going to be an instructor?  Put on an effing happy face.
This studio came highly recommended by a friend who also lives out of the area, but practices here when in town. I've had the pleasure of taking a few classes here so far, and have found this studio to be very welcoming to visitors. I like how the instructor called out to her regular students by name during the class. I'm also a big fan of how she encouraged, complimented and corrected her guests, calling out to us perhaps by color and article of clothing ("Purple tank, I forgot your name; green headband, fingers to big toe" etc...) Simple gesture that reaches out to us and makes you feel at home. It is also nice to receive feedback from another instructor who perhaps can teach you something new, or allow you to understand the posture in a different light. I was not particularly fond of what I consider excessive talking during the poses. Some might disagree with me, but when you are focused on the pose, or laying still in savasana, silence is what helps me focus on my breathing, and my mind. As my sister said to me, "when someone tells you to let all your thoughts go, to not think about work.... all of a sudden, you're now thinking about work". Again, for a beginner class (which this was, apparently), perhaps these things are said so the beginners can understand where their minds should be focused. The studio is comfortable, clean, and has a very homey vibe. Even though I foresee myself coming here a few times a year, I can consider it my new yoga studio, home away from home.
I've been doing Bikram yoga for about three months, and have never been to any other studio than this one.  I agree with Kelly S. that the facility is very nice.  The women's locker room, though crowded, is always clean and fresh. I was surprised to read that anyone thought the instructors were "snobbish."  I think they're superb.  Personally, what I'm looking for is not a cheerleader, but a coach, who can be very encouraging and yet at the same time stay critical.  I don't want to be always told I'm doing GREAT!!! I like learning how to correct my posture by making this or that adjustment.  Occasionally some instructors venture claims which have little basis in science, and I would like them to recognize that wiping sweat and rehydrating are good normal things to be doing, provided there's no disruption to the class.  Other than that, I really like them a lot and am very grateful to them. The only other reservation is that I would like to see the carpet in the studio steam-cleaned on a daily basis. Overall I'm a huge fan of the people and the place, and grateful for the changes in my life they have helped bring about!
Top notch Bikram studio!  I visited this studio when I was visiting family over the winter holidays.  They gave me the introductory week class which they did not have to do.  I was new to the pratice and they were more concerned about encouraging me to come to class than to just take money for the drop in.  I will definitely go back everytime I'm visiting which is about 6 weeks out of the year.  I've been to 8 different studios around the US and this studio ranks at the top of my list!
I've been to studios all over the United States. I have to say this is cleanest, most homely studio I have been to thus far. Becky taught a very challenging, but enjoyable class. The instruction at this studio is fantastic. The instructors here take a personal interest in developing their students. Thank you for the excellent class and instruction. Keep up the great work!
