Passing through the area in search for an early dinner we decided on Pizza.  This was the closest location off of interstate I 75.      When you walk in your immediately standing in the take out area.  The restaurant wasn't too busy but it took longer than average for us to be acknowledged and seated.  The dine in section is pretty large and could easily accommodate big parties. Once we finally got seated our waitress was friendly and attentive.      I ordered a pepperoni pizza, large and bowl of the cabbage and ham soup as well as garlic knots.  For the three of us we orders way to much food.  The pizza was huge!  Overall the pizza was good.  Nice mild sauce, good amount of cheese and pepperoni and not to greasy.  The garlic knots were about average.  The bread was a little doughy, dense consistency and the garlic didn't have that fresh taste.  The cabbage soup was delicious, lots of cabbage, ham and rice; it all simmered well together. A lot of regulars seem to frequent here which is always a good sign.
Absolutely unacceptable level of service. Although seating was ample, we waited almost an hour for three orders, two of which were sandwiches and one was a plain sausage pizza. Finally we received our pie and it wasn't even a sausage pizza. It was at this point we left. Customers which appeared to be regulars received and started eating their orders long before we were served. Wait staff was too casual and called my father "dude" when he asked a question about my mother's order. Although it's convenient because it is the only pizza place near home, we will never return to this establishment.
Service terrible.  Waited forty minutes while they set regulars.  They can in called them by name and setters them.  Had to ask several times for more beverages.  Soup cold  pasta cold. Very small salads
Had an afternoon outing at this diner. Went with the fried ravioli as an appetizer, followed by the seafood lasagna, as the main course. Food tasted freshly prepared, but the service left something to be desired. I'll probably order some take out next time.
Typically good eggplant parm but not tonight new prep person thick slices, no beading, soft and chewy.  Barely edible waitress so unconcerned it was concerning.
Traveling with my sister can sometimes be a real challenge.  She's looking to relocate from Austin to the horse country of Florida so we are hoofing it around Ocala, FL.  My day started with a 5am flight out of Norfolk, she grabbed me at the airport and off we went.  Many miles and ranches later, with dusk setting in, we needed food.  Cheese sticks and hard boiled eggs got us through a good part of the day but we were starving. An Italian restaurant near where we are staying was highly recommended, this could be an adventure, sis has Celiacs, she is allergic to gluten. Roma's in in a strip plaza next to a Publix market with a small red/green frontage.  Entering brings you to the pizza take-out with a surprisingly large dining room wrapped around the side.  There seemed to be some confusion with the people waiting to be seated, the hostess/greeting station needs some polishing up.  Once the owner came around everything seemed to clear up.  We actually only had a 10 minute wait. Tommy, our server, had a wonderful personality but we sensed he was unsure of himself, as it happens, this was his second day on the floor.  When he returned with our bottle of wine (we really needed that) and hot fresh bread (all mine :) sis hits him up with the gluten free issue.  He seemed to be some what aware but to his benefit said, I need to go and ask.  Kudos to him for not pretending he knew what she was talking about.   Now here's the good part, they have rice and corn pasta just for people like my sis!  I know, you were scratching your heads when I wrote that someone with Celiacs went to an Italian Restaurant, crazy, huh.  This place rocks!  Neither her nor I had ever had corn pasta and it was absolutely delicious.  She had pasta primavera with chicken and I had eggplant parmigiana. I knew right away and later verified that my dish was made from scratch beginning with slicing the eggplant when my order hit the kitchen. Those breaded slices were perfectly coated and lightly fried with oddles of tomato, cheese and spices. I'm all about a good dining adventure.  The food here is a 5+ but there are a few things that could be improved.  The servers walk around with beepers in their apron pockets.  We could hear the buzz buzz during our entire visit beckoning them to come and pick up their orders.  Put them on vibrate and tuck them somewhere more pleasurable.  The wait staff order input area has a glaring light which caught my attention on more than one occasion.  There were two flat screens going on, one with Wipe-Out, no one was watching either of them.  Shut them off and bring us Oh Solo Mio. With tax, $54.59  (22 for that bottle)    Not bad at all.
During the times when I leave NYC to go visit my retired parents down in Ocala, Florida, the one thing that is sorely lacking in that area are decent spots to get good Italian food. Like most areas down south you normally have to hunt out those hidden gems where a transplant from the Northeast opened up shop and does food the authentic way. Hey, maybe it's the water, the humidity, the air, who knows, but at least I was pleasantly surprised when my folks brought me here not too long ago to enjoy a good Italian meal. The place itself is small, and almost has a strip-mall shop appeal to it, but the inside is comfy and decorated with pictures of old movie stars, Godfather and Goodfella's movie scenes, and other assorted old time mobster flick pics. You kind of feel as if you are eating dinner in old Italian uncle Louie's den.  The place is family owned, and yes, they are originally from up north. A sweet old man, maybe the grandfather, came around and offered us a free tray of hot garlic bread. Yum! Hot and crispy with a nice garlic and butter flavor. We started off with perfectly prepared fried calamari. Their red sauce to dip in was sweet and full of flavor. We ordered a bunch of plates for the table to share. Chicken marsala,  spaghetti with sauce, shrimp fradiavolo, and mussels marinara over penne pasta. I felt as if i was back in NYC having an Italian feast at one of the local joints I know. All were delicious, and filling. My 90 year old grandma finished off the mussels plate herself and I thought she was gonna lick off the plate! Of course, as good Italians do, we soaked up all the remaining sauce with the bread basket that was put on the table. Yeah, I was a fat kid. They have a nice sized menu here with all the Italian standards. They even have a pizza place next door with all types of subs, pizzas, calzones, and will deliver. Also, gotta love when a beer is only $2 here - makes you realize how crazy prices are in NYC! If you live in this area give it a shot. Friendly and pleasant service. Good food. Reasonably priced. You feel like part of "the family" here. It's comforting to know that I can now enjoy a solid Italian meal when down in retirement land!
Found this place while driving on 75. Nice place to stop for a bite to eat. Get this on Monday they have an 18 inch cheese for only $7.95. That is a great price, I picked up two cheese slices and a drink for $4.95. The slices were great, I think they were 18 inch but wasn't sure. Odd thing is they have a sign that says the use buffalo cheese, at least some of it is. Tasted like normal cheese to me. Not sure why there aren't any more reviews for this place but there should be. I never go to Ocala, but this was a good place to stop while driving on 75.
Pizza is OK. Spaghetti sauce is very bland. Not bad for an area totally devoid of real italian restaurants.
Just moved to the area and was looking for a good Italian place that wasn't a large commercial chain. Found this place down the road from where I moved. BEST PIZZA I HAVE FOUND!!! Pasta and there other items are just as great. A must try for anyone in this area!!
Excellent!
Great food!  Was surprised by quality - hot and yummy
