It seems new management is dedicated to bringing this water park up to it's rightful potential.  As of the date we were there, 7/6/14, only one water slide was open, the wave pool, kid play area and the baby pool.  Parking was free, $10 per person, kids under a certain age...maybe 12 (?), the price is $5.  My triplets are 7 and they loved it!!  They became bored of the kid area after about 40 mins., so we switched over to the wave pool with sporadic trips to the one large slide ride.  The lifeguards were very nice, professional and we watched some of them train in the wave pool while we were there.  The park was clean, the lounge chairs were mold/mildew free.  They supply free life jackets to kids and the inflatable water tubes were a $5 rental fee for all day, with two sizes to choose from.  Lockers were $7 for small, larger ones being more expensive.  If you consider the cost of gas to drive to the beach, this is a wonderful compromise for the same amount of money. My Biggest Complaint....$5 for a small pouch of Dippin Dots is a bit much.  If they were smart, they'd sell ice cream sandwiches, push up pops, drum sticks, etc. (good old ice cream truck favs) for $3.00 ea and actually sell it rather than watch it freezer burn.  The price of food was too high for my taste and I highly doubt it's of the same quality as WDW.  So much unused space in the gift shop.  They need to "7-11" that area by adding/selling cold grabs, like pre packg'd sand.'s, chips, fruit salads, salads, 12 oz bottles of soda/water ect., etc.... in the gift shop, keep the hot foods at the snack bar, put in some recycle trash cans and this place would be way more family friendly.   We plan on returning sev. times this summer.  I have my fingers crossed that by next summer this place will be a def. season pass for us. UPDATE: We returned and this time we ate at the snack bar.  Oi!! We paid $20 for gnarly nachos, two hot dogs w /FF & choice of beverage, a small pretzel and an extra drink.  The drinks are medium size with no straws or lids.  It's not Seaworld so there is no way they are protecting the animals...it's about cost.  Within 15 mins. of sitting down a rambunctious 3 yr. old knocked her brother's soda all over him.  My autistic son only drinks with a straw, so if you have special needs children or very young kiddos - bring your own straws and/or sip drinking cups. The nachos were shameful, like the kind you get in old movie theaters that haven't been updated since 1989 and the prices, seating, sound and concession reflects it...The hot dogs were disgusting!!!!  The hot dogs had been reheated so many times, a starving dog would refuse to eat them.  They had lost all taste and sodium content and were almost translucent looking (the buns tasted like frozen buns thawed in a microwave).  We made my hubby eat them, and he had to dip them in the partially coagulated nacho cheese sauce to get them down.  (What happens when you lose at rock, paper...)  The French Fries were the only thing cooked to order and tasted good. The pretzel was small and the same ones you buy in bags in the frozen sect., wet it, salt it, nuke it.  It was a bargain at  one dollar. The good news!  You can get your hand stamped, keep your receipt, leave, eat on the strip and come back!!  By far your best bet until they hopefully update the snack shack too.  Considering you can leave and come back, I still think it's worth the money.
I hear this place was "The Happening Place" in the 70s.  By the looks of it, it has not updated any.  The bathrooms are gross and smelly.  However, for Ocala locals this is a fun, cheap, and close alternative to larger water parks in central florida.  We've been twice so far and the whole family has had a blast each time.  I hear next summer they hope to bring back annual passes.  If that is the case, I may purchase annual passes.  I agree with the previous post about empty gift shop space.   Find a creative way to utilize that space!
My son, his friend and I had lots of fun in the "wave pool"!  I rented a double floaty and we were all hanging from it in 8 ft of water while the waves were crushing us!  It was loads of fun for them.  It was very safe.  Had 4 lifeguards alongside the pool and one at the end of the pool so it is very safe for non-advance swimmers. They also had water slides.  The Big Blue one I think names "Ocala's revenge" was awesome!  Little rough but very exciting!  There were lifeguards at the end of the each slide! It was a perfect way for us to end our summer vacation in Ocala after swimming in the natural Springs!  Would definitely go back!
I want to give this place four stars because we had a good time, then I remember part of the reason we had a good time is because we did not pay to get int. Yes, we went so late in the day that we walked right in, with about an hour until the park closed we were able to get on all the slides, meaning a. this place is tiny and b. if we had to pay to get in we definitely would have thought it overpriced. They provide lockers, rentals for the wave pool and a couple of refreshment stands, other than that this place is a glorified backyard hose down.
My daughter went on two rides and wanted to leave.  This was her choice of special places to visit while visiting Florida. And now she wont stop crying! Never again!!  A true waste of my money & time!!
We managed to make it in on the last day of the season.  Next year it may or may not be owned by a new company.  The state of Florida will be taking over the land, but may accept a bid for someone to run the waterpark.  As of yesterday, they did not know who was planning on taking it over if IF it would be back for next year.  They have a decent sized kiddie zone, and a handful of bigger slides, as well as, a wavepool.  Other than than it is pretty much a small park.  Admission was not bad, but we didn't pay full price either.  I would be interested to see who takes it over and what they do with it.  Most of the rides were for those 42" and up, so my daughter couldn't ride them.  She did have a blast in the kiddie pool though.
Wild Waters may be a bit less cutting edge then some of the Orlando water parks, but it is always less crowded, and the rides are just as good. Plus, it's cheaper too! The Good: Lots of Rides: From the classic Hurricaine (it's been there for like, 20 years) to the fantastic Bunyan;'s bend and the crazy Osceola's revenge, there is a lot of fun to be had here. And the kids' rides here aren't so shabby either. The mini monster delivers some genuine thrills for the young ones, which is great, so they don't feel left out. Cheap!: Day passes will run you about $25 bucks a head and season passes are only $40. I mean you can go here all year for the price of going to the orlando water parks for just one day. Sweeeeet! The Bad: Same old, same old. : You know how a lot of parks get new rides every two or three years? Not so with Wild Waters. I think they get a new ride every seven or eight. I mean like nothing changed here from when I was 8 to eighteen. That says something..... I really love Wild Waters, and it really is a great value for your money. So check it out! Overall= 8.3/10 Wild Water Fun!
Great water park with 4 big water slide rides and a wave pool. Yeah, for water slide rides aren't a lot but i had a great time, and if you buy the season pass for about 50 odd dollars then you can come back unlimited times for a year! NOT BAD! Plus, you can go to their zoo which is located right next to Wild Waters for FREE if you buy the season pass.
We got an online deal for $12 so i wasnt as disappointed as i would have been if i paid the normal $32.  Nevertheless this place is a bit of a junker.  The biggest rip off is the lockers, its 7 bucks for a small locker that typically costs 50 cents at other parks.  A close second is they charge you 6 dollars to get a raft just for the wave pool.  The rides are short and uneventful.  The only plus was the $9 tall beers.  I would pump out more money to go to a bigger park with more variety.  However, if you have tattoos and three children this is your place.
Great place for the kids. Must buy season pass, well worth it. Huge wave pool. Great for a hot day but must have season pass. Can get pricey if only pay for one day admission.
Kinda small. Went to avoid lines at a bigger park but wish we went elsewhere. Plus none of their water fountains "worked" so your where forced to buy bottled water at $3 a bottle. And unless you payed $13 for a locker you had to throw it away to keep going on rides.
I don't care what they say, I went yesterday and had a blast with my 7 year old son and 69 year old mother!! Yes this is an old park, but it isn't run down, dirty or lacking in fun things to do. When we arrived, I did notice a lack of chairs for everyone, as people put their towels down never to return, but we combatted that problem by renting a cabana for $50 and boy was it worth it. We had our own chairs, shade and table to eat on. Since you can't bring in coolers, you have to eat there and the shaded tables fill up around lunch time. We bought food from the snack bar and then retreated to our covered cabana to eat in peace and comfort. It is weird that you have to rent floats for the wave pool, but we got in for $12 each via a great internet deal on their website so I didn't mind the $6 for the all day float usage. All six slides were operational and fun. Short lines for all but the Alligator. The lifeguards were nice and helpful and gave park information when asked. I did notice a distinct wet dog smell when up high on the slides, so the animals next door at Silver Springs we're wafting over, or the slide ramps have begun to show their age. I can't wait to go back next year.
Wild waters is a great park in need of a little bit a repair. It seems to me the economy has hit the park as well and have not been putting as much money or time into maintenance. Some of the water slide have been down for much of the season and many of the water slides are very slow. Seems like they need a new gel coat on the fiberglass flumes. Even with the maintenance issues wild waters is still by far the best entertainment value for families in ocala. The annual pass which includes silver spring as well is by far the best deal in town. Spend the day at the park to see how much value you get for less than 50 dollars.
Cannot imagine a worse theme park. Just visited on July 2nd and the place was a mess. Long lines to get in, search bags, food, etc. Half of the slides were not open and way too few employees to take care of customers. Place seems to be very run down and not well maintained and when we complained received the serious attitude. Reading other reviews I was surprised to see this place so unorganized as I would quess this is a very big week for them (July 4th). Never again. Do yourself a favor and stay away. By the way SIlver Springs is horrible also so no big advantage by getting a free pass there.
Lots of fun.  Get an annual pass==totally worth the price if you live nearby.  Not the same as Wet n' Wild or Adventure Island, but then again Ocala isn't a huge tourist trap like Orlando.  Lots of fun and a bargain if you get the pass.  Bonus: short lines always.
Don't do it. Trust me.  I would go here 30 years ago.  It was fun.  But it has barely been updated since.  Today I went, and it was painful.  Only 2 of 4 slides were working (!).  C'mon, its a waterpark people.   That, and too few staff, made the lines and waits excessive.   Then they roped off the deep end of the wave pool, leaving you with less space.  7 bucks to park in a shadeless and deteriorated lot.   It was rough.
