Had 6oz Angler steak with broccoli n jasmine rice... good food .. service quick... waiter checked on table besides me 3 times n 1 time on me... other then that.. good meal for Monday night..
good evening for dinner. Not too long of a wait.  VERY TASTY FOOD, even for us dieters. good customer service
I love Bonefish Grill, but this particular one is very inconsistent. We have gone here about 10 times in the past year. Sometimes the food is awesome and other times the same dish is blah. For example, we order the mussels each time we go, and sometimes the sauce is to die for while other times it tastes as good as an old shoe. So if you do go here, all I can say is Good Luck! You have a 50/50 chance, but it's worth it, really.
Nice and quiet place to go and eat. Great shrimp. Many Spicy plates. Food is brought out nice and hot.
I must say this place is the complete package when going out for dinner. As soon as we arrived we we're greeted and quickly sat at our table. The staff was wonderful. They were very friendly and professional. It's a very family-friendly restaurant. I order the fish tacos which were wonderfully seasoned and topped with a mango salsa. The chef defiantly knows how to cook here! I got a side of greens with my tacos which was something like a salad without any vegetables. The prices are a little above average but I feel like you pay for what your getting in this place.  Personally I would pay a little more knowing that I'm going to get something worth the money. Overall I was very satisfied with this place. I would defiantly go back again. In fact I'm looking forward to the next time we go to this restaurant. I'm a fan!!
Having never eaten there, we went with the yelp reviews. It was super busy on a Saturday night, so plan to wait or arrive early. We sat in the bar because there was no waiting time. It took a while to get our drinks, which were good. We had the Bang-Bang shrimp as an appetizer and enjoyed it. Dinner was expensive but good. Not some place I would make a habit of going to, but was pleased overall. Menu is limited so don't go expecting a lot of variety. They have their specialties and that's what they focus on.
Loved finding this place in Ocala.  Fun atmosphere, nice bar, and good service.  Only complaint was that our food was a bit too salty.  But would give it another try next time I'm in the area.
One of my favorite restaurants in Ocala if not my favorite. Been going for some years now. Affordable and the food is always good. I have tried high ended $$ restaurants in Ocala and have not enjoyed as much. The Chef's use of spices and flavors suits my taste. The staff are always friendly and personable. I highly recommend.
Wonderful meal cooked to perfection. great service too. Can't go wrong at this restaurant. Will definitely be back.
Really delicious seafood.  I'm so surprised that this is a chain, it feels more like a local bistro.  The service was good, the food was delicious.  We started with the PEI mussels Josephine and the bacon wrapped scallops with warm mango salsa.  The mussels were out of this world.  The bottom of the bowl was so full of flavor that we all sopped it up with bread after the mussels were gone.  The scallops were slightly crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside, the bacon was crisp and delicious, the mango salsa a perfect compliment.  My husband had the lobster tails, which were very good, cooked perfectly with drawn butter.   I had the chilean seabass with lemon butter, which I loved.  The fish was so fresh and moist, perfectly flaking off into large, yummy slices. I thought that the lemon butter was delightful and the mixed vegetables were tender crisp and very fresh.  My son had the Diablo Shrimp Fettuccine, which I did not try (I have a reaction to shrimp), but everyone else said it was delicious and my daughter had popcorn shrimp and french fries from the children's menu ($4.95 - you can't beat that!).  The atmosphere is quite nice and we truly enjoyed our meal.
I love this place!  You have to check out the community tables.  I always have fun meeting new people.  Also, the espresso tini and saucy shrimp are the best around.
I'm a fan of most of the other Bonefish chains I've been to, and though this one is good set alone, it is mediocre compared to the meals I've had at its other locations. The drinks, as usual, are delicious, and the Bang Bang Shrimp is as delectable as always (please order this dish if anything else) but the fish, vegetables, and my usual side order of potatoes au gratin fell flat. The meal took forever to be delivered and both my dinnermate and I were disappointed, having had wonderful meals at its other locations before. The fish tasted boring and dry, and the mango salsa topping did it no justice. The vegetable of the day, green beans, were undercooked, rubbery, and still had their dry tips on. Barely any seasonings. The potatoes au gratin were cubed and haphazardly topped with cheese with barely any flavor. I couldn't finish the meal because the tastes were so boring. I finished with a happily delicious creme brulee. I wouldn't recommend this place other than for a drink, appetizer, and dessert. Avoid entrees at this location.
Very courteous staff , the hostess opened the door for me. I like to sit at the bar. Jenn was my waitress \ bartender , very attractive. They have a lobster night on Tuesdays. I had the lobster tail dinner, very reasonable and just a nice experience
Corporate chain, Meh, average food, good service, high priced for quality. I liked the Calamari with the Thai style dipping sauce, and the lobster Bisque but it was not the best I have ever had. The other person who said it was a grown up Red Lobster is probably spot on with the association. The special plates (Lobster stuffed shrimp) are a bit too small. Maybe they should advertise them as Small Plate specials.( Just a suggestion)  My Dad said he was starving still when we left. I myself had the Lobster Grilled cheese and while it was not bad but it wasn't very imaginative or anything "Wowzie" or special either. ( Chef, John Marchetti you spoil me with your innovative grilled cheese and Mac and Cheese leaving me unable to enjoy them anywhere else-lol). In coastal cities/states when I visit, I want good fish. Since I am not  a lover of seafood I can eat it if it is fresh and prepared very well. I am not sure how these types of places stay in business in states like Florida. I am sure they probably do well on their chain name but there are so many Mom And Pop places on the water that serve better seafood and have better deals. In Non Coastal places like where I live in AZ I suppose most folks do not know any better, or can't find or afford the real good places that have to fly in fresher fish. To be fair, the service was very good though for a table of twenty. I also loved their Pineapple Martini with Coconut Rum. Yummers to that!
A grown-up Red Lobster.  Kinda. Stopped by late on a Saturday night to address some hunger prior to an overnight drive to Atlanta. Figured out that as a chain, it was probably a safe bet for unoffensive eats. Execution was interesting.  Bang bang shrimp was quite good.  For nine bucks, actually got a pretty reasonable serving of lightly battered half-dollar-sized shrimp, all in a compelling creamy sweet/mildly spicy sauce.  Au gratin was a reasonable accompaniment, but it was odd that potatoes came cubed, rather than scalloped, as was my expectation. Pre-meal bread plate is terrific. Seriously good with the olive oil-pesto dip. This could only be improved it they got onboard the burgeoning sourdough trend. But what the hell is bang bang? Despite the restaurant's upscale, proto-Asian fusion decor, the promotions (lobster Tuesday, Bang Wednesday) seem more TGI Fridays than would befit a more upscale place. Also interesting from a New Englander's standpoint that lobster is proclaimed "cold water." A bit of research revealed that there's an inferior warm water substitute that isn't actually lobster, but another claw-less genus.
Crazy packed as most locations are. We ended up eating the bar area. You can never miss with Bang Bang Shrimp for a start to your meal. I tried the NEW lobster grilled cheese and wasn't the least bit disappointed. The rest of the tables orders went from surf to turf and not a single complaint was heard.
Visited 8/4/14 at approx. 5pm.   Had dinner with my family of five.  Staff were very nice, our Waitress was excellent.  For the most part our food was very good, our one and major issue was that my son got chicken tenders that were raw.   The waitress was very apologetic but I would of thought the manager would of showed face regarding the issue or at least comp'ed his dish but nothing.   Raw chicken to a child is a major problem..
Well my family and I love this place. The Thai Coconut Shrimp is to die for but be careful of the bits of ginger they are spicy.
The food was still the high quality that I expect at Bonefish Grill.  I had the Bang Bang shrimp on the $5 Wednesday night special. Service was so-so.  Not bad just not very speedy.  I was eating at the bar and the service did improve once the heavy boozers left. Lighting was way too dark making the menu almost unreadable.
We had a gift card for Bonefish from Christmas, and used it for a pleasant dinner out.   The location is very well designed, attractive and comfortable.  We had reservations and were seated immediately, and our server promptly took drink orders.  We don't usually order appetizers, but are both fond of the Bang Bang Shrimp here which is very tasty and a large portion (it and a salad could easily be dinner). I had the Willie's Fish and Chips, substituting au gratin potatoes for the chips, plus a Caesar salad.  The salad was good, a more traditional Caesar dressing rather than the creamy type you usually find, and they provided anchovies if desired which is also rare.  The fish and chips were perfect; a tempura-style batter on three nicely cooked pieces of white fish, and the side potatoes were good also. She had Chilean Sea Bass w/lemon butter which was a very tasty and good-sized portion perfectly cooked.  As Ingeborg says in her review ". . .side du jour an unfortunate culinary oops of chickpeas with small flecks of spinach and, yes, pieces of Italian sausage." was kinda weird, but the jasmine rice was pleasant. The bottom line:  this is a well managed and attractive chain restaurant which is a fine place to go for seafood.  It is a little pricey for some items but you can get out of there without going broke.
Bonefish Grill, owned by OSI Restaurants, claims the spot for midrange seafood in a comfortable and casual atmosphere.  My guest and I were greeted when we walked in and were promptly seated.   We peered over the menu, and the famed Bang Bang Shrimp look hardly interesting or innovative, so we started with bacon wrapped Atlantic sea scallops topped with chutney and a mango salsa.  Unfortunately, I was not a big fan of the dish; the bacon was too salty and overpowered the sweetness of the scallop, the chutney and mango liberally coated the scallop and in the end I thought it was a complete mess.  I did like the crispness of the bacon with the scallop but turn down salt! I ordered the Chilean sea bass with lemon butter.  The lemon butter to me was 99% butter, 1% lemon which ended up being too rich.  For some reason, the Chilean sea bass didn't taste like Chilean sea bass - it sure had the flaky yet juicy texture, but didn't have that sweet end note.  I wondered how fresh it actually was.  My friend ordered the Argentinean chanchito which is a fish that feeds off shrimp to give it a beautiful color.  It was stuffed with shrimp(?), lobster (?) and crabmeat (?) which resulted in a jumbled JUNK of flavor.  (Who knows what other trash it was stuffed with?) To top it off, the "garnish" of the day was this puke-colored pureed squash that tasted bitter and nasty.  Who thinks of these things?!  Off with their head!  The potatoes au gratin were cubed potatoes with cheap cheese which was hardly anything new and seems cafeteria-ish. To end the dinner, we had the creme brulee which had a nice, thick, tasty custard but this was not enough to save the tragedy of the dinner. The service was awful.  I never knew that we were supposed to receive complimentary bread since the server never brought it out!  The food took a good 1.5 hours to all come out which kind of annoyed me.  Service was not very attentive and I don't recall the server checking up on us.   Not planning on returning the Bonehead Grill anytime soon....1.5 stars.
If you read the reviews on this Bonefish grill in Ocala on 200 and it is not a 5 star comment, they do not know what they are talking about. This is one of the best places for consistent and fab dishes. by far the best service ever. The staff is always looking out for you. If your not completely happy with anything they will gladly fix it for you.  I wish I lived closer. I would eat there more often. Hang out at the bar and you will feel special too. No names. We love them all. Randy & Tina
This is one of the ONLY chains I actually enjoy, It's always noisy, but the food is amazing, the booths are comfy, and the food and service is consistantly wonderful! I do not even like crab, but yet cannot get enuf of the corn and crab chowder (and i dont care for corn chowder ever.....thats how great it is!) Good Ceasar salad, good bread with dipping oil. I usually get the Swordfish, which is fresh, thick and firm. HOWEVER, my last time there, it was OFF the menu! Yikes!  Had a chicken thing instead, but can't recall which one..... You won't be sorry if you go here, just get there b4 7pm if u don't want to wait. You can order and eat at the bar if u wish!   :o)
I've been a fan of Bonefish Grille for a long time so I was happy to hit his one in Ocala...I really like the simple menu and the consistency I've found with the food and the service. We stopped in late for dinner and had to wait about 30 minutes for a table (too tired to find another place). When we finally got seated we ordered drinks and the Bang Bang Shrimp appy-which came quickly and was delish.  I ordered a cup of shrimp and corn chowder (yummy!) and the Grouper with Pan Asian sauce as an entree. My Mom had the Ahi Tuna dinner and my daughter had the fish and chips n All of us enjoyed the meal, though because of how busy they were the waiter was a little frazzled and slow. My grouper was done perfectly with just the right amount of sauce...and the edamame succotash was really pretty good-despite my initial reluctance.  The Ahi tuna was a perfect sear and my daughter's fish and chips were done well without tasting greasy. I've eaten at too many chains while on this trip, but THIS Bonefish didn't disappoint...and made my Mom happy as well.
Seafood at it's best. I love the scallops and shrimp here(I told y'all I love me some seafood)  hahaha They make an excellent apple/chocolate-tini as well iif you want to have some cocktails before you munch. FLAVOR ORGASM in my mouth Now I've also been to the one in Alexandria and have to say I like this one better. As they say "Don't let today, get away" Visit BONEFISH
Excellent food good service. Wonderful meal experience. We had lobster and steak special upgraded to filet.  So tender and buttery.  Yum.
I have eaten at several Bonefish Grills.  I have always had decent service and decent food until tonight.  I never even got to eat. I brought my sons out to enjoy a nice dinner. I was told by the hostess the wait would be about 15 minutes, and that I was welcome to take a table in the bar, if one opened up. After waiting several minutes, a table did open in the bar.  My sons and I sat down.  We had just ordered drinks when the manager came over and told me we would have to leave because the tables in the bar were reserved. I explained to him what the hostess had told me.  He proceeded to tell me people had been waiting 45 min for a table (What happened to 15 min?) and I would have to leave the table. I left. I was embarrassed in front of the other diners and, more importantly in front of my sons. I will not be back there again.
Even though it is a chain, you still feel treated every time. Great fish dishes. Excellent place to go for a drink and unwind.
I've had better seafood in a mobile home with a wooden sign that said Restrunt.  This place is terrible!  They couldn't tell me if the potatoe au gratin had flower in it.  My margarita had tons of ice and juice, not much for alcohol. $20 for the most overprocessed, shrunken piece of grouper I have ever had. Garlic potatoes had more salt then garlic.  If Burger King opened a sit down seafood restaurant it would be better then the food from here.
Good food and easy to get to from my parents house in Ocala.
I'll give them this, they are better than Red Lobster.  Drinks are overpriced, Food is hit and miss, service from the kitchen is bad, and takes FOREVER!!  I've ordered the burger a few times (I stopped ordering the fish after numerous problems) and more often than not its 45 min. to an hour wait.  That's just crazy.  I've been to other locations outside of Ocala, and the experience is night-and-day different. I will say this, the bar is great, especially in Ocala, where you aren't going to find too many bar areas with this type of atmosphere.  Still, a bit expensive but very enjoyable,  and the bartenders definitely are very attentive.  (happy hour is half price, and that makes it a bit more affordable, although be careful it ends at 6:30) I would suggest Corporate to come in and make some changes and get this location (mainly their kitchen) back on par with the others.
I like bonefish grill, the have good selection of seafood, yet in this location in particular we had bad service.
