Desperate for a massage due to severe lower-back pre-natal pain, I called Azulene. They are right outside my apartment complex in Market Square, and I knew they would be open on a Saturday. I called at 1015 am and asked for a pre-natal appointment. I was offered an appointment at 11:00 am. I was taken back at about 11:15 am for my 60 minute ($85.00) pre-natal massage. My disappointments would be: a) the massage room was small and b) there are pedicure seats right outside the room (which means that I heard a group's entire conversation all through my massage). My masseuse was well knowledgeable and did an excellent job, which is the most important part. I left my massage feeling much better, and was able to sit down an eat lunch without being on the edge of tears in pain. So, the massage did it's job! It seems the Day Spa is more centered around pedicures and manicures than being a full day spa, but I have no real complaints (just those who nit-picky areas mentioned above). I would certainly return (and most likely will before my due date) due to the convenient hours and location. The staff was all very friendly as well.
very nice place - open on Sundays a plus but you better get there early they get busy quick. Very nice staff & the place is clean. The young lady did a good job - I had the works, mani/pedi and eyebrow wax. They try and upsell you on everything. I just wanted the gel polish, I have natural nails. I choked a little when I got the final bill. It is expensive but then you get what you pay for. Here is the problem........ I went to pay and was told I could not put the tip on the bill and my card!!! REALLY? Cash only tips. Oh they do have an off brand ATM machine in the place, of course you will get charged for using it on both ends. I left and went up the street to my banks ATM. I am sure I burned less gas then the fee that would have been charged. If your that upscale then you should do tips on a card or at least post large signs saying cash tips only!
I am a regular at this salon. I hate that I am. Because the owners are rude and awful to their employees. But my mail tech Diane is so good. It's hard to find someone good. So I continue to go. I don't mind paying a little extra because she's good and they have a good color selection. I bring my own polish for my toes. The polish they have there is so full of stuff to thin it or to make last longer. It doesn't dry. The girls at the front come and go. But lately they've been friendlier. The stories I've heard about the owners is awful. They should be fined and sued by their employees. The madsage girls are great and the massages I've gotten were great. But the rooms are tiny and not quiet. You hear everything. Not very relaxing! The place is gorgeous. But due to the owners. It's not a place if recommend. If Diane leaves no won't go back there.
I am very disappointed with the service at the Ocala SW location.  I set a firm appt for today at 2p and arrived on time.  I was advised to be seated by the hostess.  I advised her that I had a scheduled appt and didn't have time to wait an extended period.  Nonetheless, I waited 20 mins and was never seen nor offered a complimentary beverage on a steaming hot day.  I work in the service industry and understand the purpose of good customer service. Not only that but I was advised by two friends that had a bad experience as well, however I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt.  Thanks for not living up to the expectation of your mission: "To make sure every guest feels welcome and pampered. Our guests come back time after time because they know they can leave their hectic lives on the sidewalk". - Unbelievable!!
I won't go anywhere else because the staff is so great and you really get what you pay for! Such a wonderful place to go to and relax.
Good place to have a full set! good service, friendly staffs!
good prices. long waits sometiimes.
Minus being a bit more expensive then some of the surrounding spas i had a good experience here. I would most definitley reccommend.
