I just moved to the Villages and was way overdue for a haircut and highlights. I didn't know where to go, but I liked the ambiance of Tuscany Day Spa and decided to take a chance. I was able to get in last minute with Mary and I am so pleased with the results! One of the best cuts & color that I've had in a long time. Mary was very professional and listened to what I was looking for. Very pleasant experience from beginning to end, including the friendly front desk staff. I will try the massage services next!
I have been a client at Tuscany for at least 4 years. I have been treated very well. I have Miss Deborah as my stylist , she is wonderful! I have naturally curly hair and she knows just how I want my hair to look! Yes, I could go someplace less expensive, but I won't. I am always happy with my results. Also, finding a salon that will roller set my hair is rare, and at This salon it is available.
While on vacation in The Villages, I desperately needed a pedicure.  I had been to other salons in The Villages and was unimpressed.  (Why do I need to buy my own 'pedicure equipment' for $1?  Don't they sanitize??)  Tuscany Spa was AWESOME!  The staff was pleasant and friendly.  When I arrived, I was offered (and accepted) a fresh cup of coffee brewed to my taste.  I was escorted upstairs to a lovely, quiet room to wait for my appointment.  My technician, Deb, was awesome!  The 'treatment' room was open and spacious; very relaxing.  After my pedicure, I was encouraged to return to the quiet room until my nails dried and was treated to fresh lemon water.  From start to finish, this was the best pedicure I have ever had!  I will return!
My recent visit here was a NIGHTMARE. I wanted to love this place, I really did. But these people do not care about the customer - they care about ripping them off and charging them for EVERY. LITTLE. THING. I called them and asked how much it would be to get both full foil highlights AND a hair cut and I was told $150. I scheduled an appointment and when I came in all of a sudden the price changed. I was then told that it would be $150 if I had a short pixie cut and they charge extra depending on how long your hair is and how much product they have to use, AND it was just for the foil and the cut would be an extra $45. Basically, I was lied to. I wanted to cancel and not go through with it, but by the time this happened she already started putting highlights in my hair. However, I did not get my hair cut like I planned to that day. Instead, I went to Cosmera a week later, where they were so nice and didn't hit me with ridiculous fees! The woman who did my hair didn't seem very friendly and whenever she tried making conversation she obviously wasn't listening to me. She asked me about three times what made me want to get highlights and all three times I told her I used to get highlights in high school and missed having some blonde in my hair (I'm naturally brunette). The third time I said this, she said something along the lines of, "That must've been hard to manage in high school because of how much money it cost." I thought that was EXTREMELY rude and out of line. I work. I have money, I just don't appreciate being told a different price from what I was told on the phone. To make matters even worse, I was then told that blowdrying my hair would be an extra $30!!! I never HEARD of such a thing. Blowdrying and flat ironing your hair should come with it, especially if you're paying $150!!! I refused to pay the $30 blowdrying fee, and I was told "clients don't leave with their hair wet." I still wasn't giving in and refused to get my hair dried if I was going to pay a ridiculous fee that nobody even told me about. Instead of apologizing for their horrible service and their LYING, they were PUSHING me to get my hair blowdryed because, again, "clients don't leave with their hair wet." My hairdresser must've asked me about three of four times if I was sure I didn't want to get my hair dried. I felt ridiculous leaving there with my hair wet. They ended up charging me $150 for their mistake and didn't give me all the ridiculous fees, but I still paid more than I planned to because I was told both the foil AND the cut/style combined would be $150. I just got a foil. I didn't even get my money's worth. The highlights came out nice, but they were not as blonde as they should've been. I've paid $100 for much blonder highlights. I thought this place was supposed to be upscale, but it really isn't any different from your typical salon except it's ten times more overpriced. It's just a waste of money. Going here was a major mistake.I was not treated with respect here and I was NOT a satisfied customer. If you want excellent service, go to Cosmera Hair Studio instead. When you are getting a hair cut and STYLE, getting your hair dried out and straightened should be part of the STYLE and should not cost extra. This place is a RIP OFF and I am never coming back!
Last year when we were in The Villages, I purchased a gift certificate for my best friends Mom here as a thank you gift for hosting us clowns. From what she mentioned, she LOVED her experience here. On this last visit to the Villages (unfortunately not for a happy occasion), I remembered this spot when I desperately needed to get my eyebrows waxed. I didn't get a chance to get them done before I left town unexpectedly so I was crossing my fingers that they would be able to fit me in. Thankfully as I walked in, Jaime was open and was able to fit me in right away. Within 5 minutes of me arriving, he had me back in the chair and was working away. Come to find out, he just moved from Carlsbad and we lived within minutes from each other. SMALL WORLD! Jaime was fantastic and he did a great job -- probably better than the girl I go to back home. Sorry Bree.  If i'm ever in the area again, I know I can count on Tuscany for all my spa and salon needs. Thanks Jaime for fitting me in on such short notice and doing such a great job. oh - cost for a eye brow wax...$12! Score!
Got an eighty minute massage. Paid extra for deep tissue - DEFINITELY don't recommend doing that. It was not a deep massage at all. I asked for the therapist to concentrate on a couple of areas, but the massage seemed pretty choreographed. I still left feeling better than when I came in, but having a therapist respond to my requests means a lot to me. The area where you wait in your robe has 3 comfortable chairs and 2 metal chairs with no cushions - not comfortable at ALL when all you are wearing is a robe. Also, for some reason there were fully clothed people in this area as well. That made me very uncomfortable, especially given that one was a man who never stopped trying to look up my robe. If in the area again, I would try another place rather than go back here.
I have the opportunity to be in The Villages a couple times a year. Every time, I make sure that I visit Tuscany Spa to see Sigrid for a facial and eyebrow shaping. She is the very best. By far. I have had facials for years, and in many places.... No one comes close to Sigrid. I highly recommend her.
Pedicure was not worth the $49. Nice place and nice staff but I felt like it was a gross overcharge. My first issue is that the pedicure was scheduled to be a 60 minute pedicure and it was not. More like 45-50 minutes we were a couple minutes late for our 9 am appt and we were out by 9:55. You would think there would be some kind of massage with the pedicure especially if its supposed to be an hour but there wasn't. The atmosphere was relaxing but they should just make it a 45 minute pedicure and only be charging maybe 35 at MOST. Nice little gift shop in there too, unique stuff.
My mom & I had our eyebrows waxed by Sigrid. She did an amazing job. We were both pleased & will return.
My wife is very, very PICKEY.....sometimes bording on a pain in the a**.  She thought the Tuscany Spa was first class....clearly the VERY BEST in the Villages.  Give it a try.  She went there for the first time today.
I had a pedicure and massage here and they definitely pamper you!  The environment could be more spa-like in the sense of darkening some of the areas, the main seating area was by windows with bright light, not typical for a spa.  Soothing sounds and aromatherapy need to be added to their environment.
