Awesome huge amazing waterfalls, but you already knew that. So here are some things I learned: 1. If you're cheap, you can still walk to the maid of the mist observation deck without paying for maid of the mist tickets. But it's really windy up there so I'd imagine skirts wouldn't work well. 2. Out of the 3 waterfalls, the Horseshoe Falls are the biggest and best seen from the Canadian side. 3. Bring some good walking shoes, so you don't need a car and can walk to Goat Island. 4. There are lots of natural rainbows everywhere so bring bags to fill up with gold.
The falls are gorgeous of course, and there's lots of great views but parking is $10 and concessions make amusement park prices look generous. Definitely eat before you go and consider parking elsewhere and doing a little extra walking. At the first lookout point near concessions, there was a perpetual rainbow by Niagara Falls. Probably my favorite view, though the lookout point across the bridge is closer and gives you a greater sense of the power. All in all, a lovely if pricey place to enjoy one of the most scenic walks you can find in the US. I never felt overwhelmed by tourists.
Tips... The adventure pass is only good for 3 of the 4... Boat trip (definitely) Whirlpool walk (definitely) Behind falls (so so) 4 video (don't bother) Uses if u need to then the pass is worth it otherwise it might be cheaper individually. And if u go canada side from us I recommend a 1uick stop us side as only $1 for lookout point and to the bottom.
It's one thing to view Niagara Falls from afar, but it is an entirely different experience when you're IN it. If you haven't done it already, I highly recommend riding Maid of the Mist and going to Cave of the Winds. The Hurricane Deck needs to be experienced at least once. On Maid of the Mist, you get an up close and personal view of the Falls. The boat gets very, very close to the Falls and you can get some great photos. In Cave of the Winds, you go down into the gorge and if you're brave, stand on the Hurricane Deck. This is where you'll experience the force of the Falls. The water is warm towards mid to late summer. I've gone on the Hurricane Deck a few times and it's always a lot of fun trying not to get washed away. If you have time, visit Goat Island and Three Sisters. I go at least 3-5 times a year. In the winter, the view is breathtaking because it's so cold but also the ice on the trees transforms the park into a glittery, winter wonderland. There's also a trolley that takes you around the park and surrounding area (e.g. aquarium) so you don't have to trek around the park if you don't want to. In the cooler months, it is free to park. All other times, $10 to park your car inside the park. There is also a lot of street parking but if it is a particularly busy weekend or day, best of luck.
Visiting Niagara Falls State Park was an expensive afternoon.  We booked a tour on the Maid of the Mist and headed over the Rainbow Bridge from Canada around lunchtime.  That is probably the worst time of day to go, especially if you are coming by car. The parking lot on Prospect is supposedly free, but it was full when we visited.  There was a nearby parking garage and another lot for $10.  Those were also full.  We ended up parking in a "lot," which was a pile of gravel with no parking lines, for $30.  We didn't have any other options, so we reluctantly parked here.  Of course, the first parking job wasn't good enough for the attendant who wasn't even paying attention.  The attendant decided to wave his arms at us just as we were ready to get out of the car.  We re-parked, and I tried to forget the colossal waste of cash.  Speaking of cash, these parking lots are cash only. We didn't explore much of Niagara State Park aside from heading directly to boarding the Maid of the Mist.  The paths and sidewalks leading there need some work.  We walked over mostly grass and dirt patches.  There was NO signage directing us to the Maid of the Mist.  I stood in line for 10 minutes at an information booth while my husband wandered off to find a directory.  Guess who got the info first?  He did. Maybe my expectations for a state park are too high, but there are obviously a ton of tourists pouring money into the nearby businesses and attractions. The thing is, without the falls, this park probably wouldn't exist.  The falls are, of course, beautiful and a real sight to see.  Visiting on foot is much less of a headache. TIPS:   -  If you want to do a boat tour at Niagara, board the boat from whichever country you are *staying* in.  You will avoid tolls AND unnecessary parking fees. -  Go directly to your destination.  Do not pass "GO," do not collect $200, and don't you DARE go into that Visitor Center.  It is so crowded that people could barely get in the front door.  You DON'T need a map THAT bad. - The Canadian side is much better.  There is more to do, more to see, and you can find parking (if needed) for $5-7 in the area if you keep your eyes open.
How can anyone not give Mother Nature 5 stars on this one!? Niagara Falls is overwhelmingly breathtaking. It's just phenomenal and needs to be on every "travel here" list of places. Now, if you're strapped for time, I'd go to Canada. The Canadian side has a better view than the American side. American side, you can only really see American Falls. Across the border, you can see American Falls and Horseshoe Falls. Allegedly, there's a bridge you can walk across to Canada. I'm not sure if you need a passport for that, but my brother and I were road tripping, so we crossed with our car (and needed passports). On the American side, people were charging to park, which is crazy since there was plenty free street parking around the area. My brother and I found 2-hour street parking a few blocks away from the information building. Worth the $10 to me to walk a little bit. By the time we crossed into Canada, we got a little lazy and paid to park close by. This time around, we did not do Maid of the Mist, but if it's anything like I remember it as a kid, it's awesome! Enjoy one of nature's most beautiful works of art!
Niagara Falls! One of the great wonders of North America and the oldest national park in the U.S. All in all, a great experience! I got the discovery bundled package which was about $36 for 5 events. Our first event was the "Maid of the Mist" a boat ride virtually into (just shy of being in the waterfall) the various waterfalls, an experience that was a 5 star experience. The second event, another 5 star experience, was the "Cave of the Mist" where you are able to stand under one of the three waterfalls; truly an experience where you can feel a force of nature. The third event, a movie about Niagara Falls, was ok. I didn't go to the latter two events, the aquarium, and discovery center because I was pretty tired after. The reason I stopped short of 5 stars is because I thought that the bundled package, which was cheaper than paying for all events, was still a bit pricey. The boat ride and waterfall experience combined was around $29 and the rest of the events, in my opinion, should of been free.
I got married here and this was a gorgeous outdoor wedding venue. It made for a beautiful, casual summer wedding. We had our ceremony right across from the Top of the Falls restaurant in the grass near some shade with the Horseshoe Falls in the background. The park can be tricky if you're doing a larger ceremony, but for our smaller 40-person wedding it was perfect. Few caveats: * technically you're required to get a free permit to have the ceremony here. See: niagarafallsstatepark.co… -- my wife and I emailed for our permit, got a response back with the form, filled it out and then heard NOTHING BACK. This was stressful, but we figured we'd go ahead and have the wedding. We did and there were no problems (I figured there wouldn't be since the permits are free anyway). City Hall in NF originally told us no permit was required. * you're not technically allowed to have more than ten chairs. You can't have an arc or throw flowers. We used an iPod Dock for sound. There's challenges with parking for your guests and we ended up starting our ceremony probably ~1/2 hour to an hour later due to some of its issues, but it worked out great. All in all, it's a gorgeous state park...which can also double as your wedding venue, like it did for tens of thousands of people...in the 90s (and in The Office).
Where else can you stand right next to the brink of the falls and look across and see Canada?  The views of the falls are spectacular.   My favorite thing to do while at the falls is go to the Cave of the Winds which takes you down to the base of the falls where you can walk right up to edge at the bottom of the falls and get as wet as you would like. Parking was $10 in the park
Ah I have no words for this place! So so beautiful! I think everyone should go visit it at least once! I deff want to come visit at least one more time! We also went on the boat the maid of mist I believe it's called and that was very neat to do! It was a block away from our hotel so we didn't even have to drive!
I enjoyed this park. My husband and I stayed on the NY side and rode bikes (we brought our own) around the parks to some of the different viewpoints and the three sisters islands. The bike paths are easy to ride and the whole park is not huge so it's easy to figure out where you are going. You can pick up a little map at the information booth too. The areas away from the falls are well kept and empty and worth riding through. We spent about 3 hours there all together, including a ride on Maid of the Mist (definite must do), the bike ride, and a stop for dinner (pizza). Definitely want to return and ride our bikes to Canada.
This was a place I have always wanted to visit. The waterfall passed my wildest imagination. The park is huge but crowded.  The entire park and the Jazz festival that goes on every year immediately made this a MUST return visit. One thing which to this day stunned me as much as the falls was the amount of Indian Punjabs that were there. I am talking jammed packed like a subway during rush hour. They are very polite and civil but the pungent air made breathing a bit hard. Respectfully.
I have lived in NY for 50 yrs and it took this long to get here . It was well worth it.  The falls are beautiful and I loved just sitting and watching them ..  The park was very nice, with very nice staff as well  .   We did many of the on site activities, and loved the Maid of the Mist ..  There was a  lot of up hill walking here, so be prepared for that.  We left exhausted but happy that we finally got here.   It should definitely be on everyone's bucket list.  The Canadian side actually even looked better, but our passports were not updated , so we could not go check it out.
Well worth the drive to see a natural wonder....checked off the bucket list.  You could see it all in one day if you manage your time.  Had an adventure ride. Trail hike and played soccer in the park
Maid of Mist awesome but must be front row to see it all!  I liked the outdoor/up top area. Bad thing was a bunch of families trying to cut lines like nothing. Also, this was a 1 hour wait on a holiday weekend. Cave of the Winds awesome and you will definitely get wet on the top deck. Very fun and family friendly. Again, a lot of families cutting lines. Wait time was 3 hours. Beautiful views! Food court has no so good food. The customer service was not good. Youre paying for the views, not customer service.
No matter how many times I come and visit this natural wonder, it still holds a special place in my heart.  This year I got the opportunity to do something special.  I spent an exciting weekend with my family for the first time in Niagara for a very long time.  I first visited Niagara Falls back in 2002 with my sister, her fam, and my older brother.  Twelve years have passed since my first time beholding the wonder of this amazing place and every other visit since then have always been so special.  I have been to this gift of nature five times now in my life with the different people that I truly care about.  I've come with my sister and brother, mother and father, aunts and uncles, and best friends.  All those times Niagara Falls has never disappointed.  There are so many attractions to see it's impossible to get to them all in one day.  I strongly suggest purchasing the Discovery Pass which will save you money and time.  The pass allows access to the major attractions of Niagara.  They include the Maid of the Mist, Cave of the Winds, Niagara Adventure Theater, Aquarium of Niagara, etc.  All these attractions are worth mentioning.  The Maid will get you up close and personal with Mr. Horseshoe Falls and Bridal Falls will get you wet and wild with the Cave of the Winds.  Picture taking is essential during your visit so I suggest bringing along a GoPro camera or some other waterproof cam...it'll be worth it when the pics come out.  Speaking of pictures when I first came here I took a picture with my brother, my brother-in-law, and my little nephew.  That picture is over 12 years old.  Things have changed since that time.  My little nephew is no longer little and for that matter neither am I.  My older brother was young then but now he has a kid of his own.  So to commemorate this visit we decided to reenact that picture we took all those years ago.  Same location, same position, and same expression and might I say that side by side the then and now pictures are a marvel to behold.  This is what's so great about Niagara Falls.  Even after more than a decade, the park remains unchanged and continues to be provide memorable fun for multi-generational families to enjoy.  Am I going to go back again even after visiting the place so many times you ask...the resounding answer is "As sure as the rivers reach the seas"!
I lived in Niagara for 10+ years, and recently came back with my lovely and gracious wife to visit the most beautiful Natural Wonder of the World. It was everything I hoped it would be. But the park surrounding the Falls is raw and beaten down. Someone is trying to save money by not taking care of it, and it shows.   Weeds overcome bare ground where flowers should be, dead grass in a lot of places, and just every area of the park suffers from obvious neglect. A small amount of care would go a long way. Sadly this park lacks just that. Come for the Falls, it's worth it. Think of walking through the "park" as part of the cost to experience the Falls.
This is a terrific park.  Having grown up here I have been to the park hundreds of times over the years.  They have greatly improved the parking and driving around the area, sadly they have also cut off some of the areas you used to be able to access.  But safety first I guess.   Walking here is a nice thing to do. Not too difficult, but still a nice walk.   While most people go to the Canadian side for the Falls view, the American side is getting nicer every year and this park is well worth a visit.  Come early and spend some time here before the crowds get here.
Niagara Falls, specifically the Canadian side, was absolutely beautiful! I had visited the New York side once before, and it was underwhelming compared to this. It was stunning to be so close to such a natural wonder! My friend and I were on a pretty tight schedule, so we kept it classic and went on the Maid of the Mist. So worth it! The photos I got were dynamic, and to actually feel the waterfall on you while captivated by its enormity was priceless! I couldn't imagine doing much more than the boat because everything was costly, but if you had more time, there were more activities for visitors. Niagara Falls has been named an epic place for a reason, but you need to visit the Canadian side to get the full effect!
This park is absolutely fabulous. If you happen to be in the area, give yourself at least an hour to check out some little piece of it. There is so much to enjoy here and it's maintained wonderfully.
Great park. But i wish there were a little bit more entertainment during spring time. I was there in the beginning of April it was empty!  park is really nice and during summer i can only imagine how beautiful it is, but if u don't like crowds and just wanna see niagara falls, probably spring is the best time :)
God's amazing creation! So amazing. I've gone twice and still would love to go back and spend more time. I like both the US and the Canadian side for different reasons so check to see if your passport is up to date and bring it along. My kids weren't too excited to stop and didn't want to stay too long which would make our already long drive to Ohio longer but I thought it would be worth it and it was. They were amazed and trilled to see the water travel and fall so far.  Looking over the edge and being so close to the beautiful view is what I love about the US side. Going to the edge they felt the mist turn into a light rain.  On this hot day it was refreshing but it can be cool or down right cold so bring or buy a sweatshirt.
Keep in mind, this review is based upon only a 2-hour visit or so to the American side, but it was all good. After driving around the block / parking area once, I decided I was going to circle back around to the large glass building (gift shop/ restaurant stop) near the entrance to the Falls. When I got back around, I was stuck in a bit of a line trying to get in, so I opted instead for the parking garage directly across the street that was marked $5 parking. Yay! That was half the price of the lot I had originally chosen. We stopped in to the Information desk area, and they gave us the run-down on the Discovery package; unfortunately, he said it would take about 4 1/2 hours, and we didn't have that much time. I asked about admission price in to the park (free), and he also suggested the trolley ride ($2 per person a wristband for all-day trolley rides), or you could walk up to the top of Horseshoe Falls in about 45 minutes. We decided to use the trolley service based on our limited time that day, and we went to the top of Horseshoe Falls. Yes, we got a wet & misty. Yes, it was chilly & windy.  Yes, it was worth it.  From our vantage point, we looked down at the areas where another group was for either the Cave of the Winds or the Behind the Falls attractions (I think those are the right names), and we got to see the Maid of the Mist.  Suggestion: umbrella (or the ubiquitous poncho), rain boots, and waterproof camera. Oh, and make sure your memory card is working, unlike mine.  I lost most of the pictures I took!!! I was able to post a few below. After some pictures and oohs-and-aaahhhs, we went into the gift shop located there. I must say I was pleasantly surprised that the prices were pretty reasonable.  I expected the tourist-trap shop(s) to be much more expensive.  For less than $50, I got a local blackberry jam, two Christmas ornaments, and a signed & matted photo of the falls, approx 24" x 12".  Some of the other items were overpriced (like the $30 t-shirts), but that is what I expected for a gift shop. The hats we looked at were reasonable at $12-17 each, depending on style, and the shot glasses started at around $4. The restaurant at that shop (top of the Horseshoe Falls) was closed, so I did not check out menu prices.  Back across the street, in the glass building again, there were several ethnic food options, and some were more reasonable than others. The building itself felt chilly inside, and I'm not sure if it was because of all the foot traffic in and out the doors, or if it was because they didn't have the heat turned on. Considering I had never been to Niagara, I didn't have great expectations...I just wanted to go just to go. My boyfriend, however, is from Buffalo, and he only ever went to the Canadian side with his family, so he expected much less from the American side. We were both very happy we went, and we both enjoyed ourselves, and we both want to go back to do more on the next visit.  (And, yes, to see the Canadian side, too.)
I'm not writing about the end of friendships.  Or the end of acquaintances, which don't technically end unless you make it a point to end them, and then they fall into a very strange category because generally if you go to that much trouble to end the relationship with someone with whom you don't really have a relationship, it either means that they did (or are likely to do) something really horrible to you or that they were more than acquaintances, which makes me and thousands of other Yelpers wonder why you were afraid to admit that you and they were friends. But I'm not getting all psychologically deep on all y'all--wait, I will, really quick.  I feel much better lately.  Not about my prospects or my future, but about life in general.  If you know me--if you really know me--you might notice a difference.  If you're just an acquaintance, well, sorry, bub, but I don't open up to many people.  Don't feel bad.  It's definitely not you. So Niagara Falls is beautiful.  You knew that already.  And I was expecting the area to be completely tacky, and it is on the Canadian side, but this is a review of the state park, which is on the American side.  I know it was probably very tacky in the old days, but the City of Niagara Falls is really depressing because, like much of the Rust Belt, it has declined.  It's about more than poverty, although poverty is the driver of the urban and societal decay.  Anyway, it's a state park that does its best with what it has, and it has a lot. I like how dangerous everything is.  There's very little left in the United States that's both legal and physically dangerous.  Besides tobacco and alcohol, of course.  The next thing I want to do is to bring back germs.  Who's with me?
What a beautiful place to visit! Came in March and saw the falls and river covered in ice, now I'm going to plan a trip to come back in the summer
Very nice park. Great for walking or people watching since there's lots of places to sit down and relax. There's lots to do too during the summer months. Oh yea, and amazing views of the falls. Sure the Canadian side is more picture perfect of the falls and more touristy but I like the noise of the water cascading and crashing down on the US side and the view of the Canadian skyline is pretty nice. Lot's of tourists for sure but the park is nice. Just go and enjoy the scenery, all of it.
It is fun to see what others have written about a place before you interject. Well here goes my perspective. I took the one guy bicycle tour. That's right this one guy drove me around the park on his bike and gave me a tour. The park rangers called him when I decided my shoes were not for walking. They said he doesn't charge but takes tips. They know his name I honestly forgot it... now that was July.  Yes I notice parts of the park cut off but that is because they are doing upgrades to make the American side have better views- that translates into more money and capital gain. I remember going over and viewing the horseshoe falls area and feeling that all the views were so breath taking. There was a trolley and it was stifling hot in it so I couldn't wait to get off... hence the biker guy.  Free transportation for tourist occurs at hotels too. After the tour the nightly fireworks occurred and it was magical being on the American side almost underneath them. I could have been set on fire. There were caves and of course boat rides but no I didn't do everything... this time.
The most breath-taking falls I've ever seen in my entire natural born life, and it is one of the 7 wonders of  the world and a popular wedding/honeymoon destination.  I've never seen anything as majestic as this.  Before arriving at Niagara Falls, my family and I had to wait out a storm for two hours at Corning before making the trek and arriving here.  We had come from a town 4 hours away just to see this place.  It was my first visit ever to Niagara Falls in late Fall where it's extremely cold and slightly windy.  18 degrees did not sway this thin-blooded woman from Hawai'i though!   It's a shame I wasn't able to ride on the Maid of the Mist, a boat that takes visitors around and behind the falls.  I have been to both the American and Canadian Falls utilizing the foot bridge.  Despite the extreme cold factor, it was still very beautiful during the Harvest season.  Where else can one see massive amounts of thunderous and calm falls all in one place?  I was totally awe struck when I saw the falls illuminated at night!  I enjoyed both the American and Canadian side of the falls. There are three gift shops - Top of the Falls, Cave of the Winds, and Prospect Point (at the main floor Visitors Center).  Prospect Point Cafe serves up great snacks, but if you're looking for something more, the signature Top of the Falls restaurant is the place to go.   I had a great experience here and look forward to returning someday.
Hey the Canadian side gets all the glory, but take some time and visit the American side and this state park.  Very rustic in many ways and closer to nature.  Wonderful trails and unique views of the falls.  Sure, you'll want to stay on the Canadian side, but you can get closer to both falls (American and Rainbow) over here.  You'll be surprised how rough the river is! No admission (thanks NY state taxpayers), there's a statue of Nikola Tesla (thanks for AC power my immigrant friend) and it's withing spitting distance of the Gateway To The Falls mall (ok well not)
I had heard the American side of the falls wasn't as nice as the Canadian side.  I must disagree.  Both sides are awesome.   I've been to the Canadian side several times, and enjoyed the falls themselves.  Didn't much enjoy the touristy crap surrounding them.  On this side, I had pretty much the same experience.  I've heard the state park used to be dirty, etc., but they must have renovated it.  It was clean, pretty, nice to walk around, and had excellent views of the falls and river.  We didn't have time for the Maid of the Mist, etc., but this is one of the entry points.  It was a great experience overall. As soon as you leave the park, yeah, it's grimy and tacky.  The only standout for me would be a helicopter ride, supposedly only $35.  Otherwise, there's tourist junk you can get anywhere.  But hey, we're here for the falls, right?  And they're truly awesome.
The Discovery Tour package is only worth it if you plan to do all of the attractions included... that being said, you should definitely get the Discovery Tour package and do all the attractions. My best tip I can give you is to do the Cave of the Winds first. Not only because it does get busy and long lines the quickest, but also because they will give you a free pair of waterproof sandals to wear on the attraction that you can then take with you and wear on the Maid of the Mist and Journey Behind The Falls (Journey isn't included in the Discovery package, but you should still do it) to avoid your own shoes that you'll be wearing all day getting soaked. And they WILL get soaked!! Try to secure a railing for Maid of the Mist for best picture options, but be ready to pull your camera inside your poncho once the mist comes raining down on you... again... or better yet, bring a waterproof camera! The Discovery Center is kind of boring unless you have children, you could skip it altogether but since it's part of your package deal might as well stop in and at least watch the 10 minute video... It's a nice chance to sit down and relax a bit. The aquarium is also included in your Discovery tour package and is worth a quick walk through... and it will be quick! The place is small!! Stop and wave to a sea lion and penguin and be on your way! The trolley is also included in your tour package, and is definitely worth it!! Take the trolley to avoid all the long walks. The International Food Court Welcome Center has the cheapest parking option - $10.00 all day. If you're just stopping by the Falls for the evening to see the illuminated falls and fireworks on the weekend, you can find free parking at sunset in most of the paid lots on Goat Island. The best view of the falls/fireworks is by far on the Canadian side. Photo ops are great from the bridge if you're walking across the border, and anywhere on the Canadian side. Take a quick stop in the little shops and take in the kitschy tourist trap that IS the Canadian side of the border... you'll have to walk right through it to get to the Sky Wheel, which is totally worth it!! Try to time your Sky Wheel visit to when the falls are illuminated or the fireworks are going off... not easy to do, since everyone else has the same idea... After you ride sky wheel, get the heck out of that tourist trap Hell! If you're looking for deals, definitely shop at Duty Free. They have great prices on maple syrup, maple sugar, maple candy, ice wine and other souvenirs. Canadian prices are ridiculously high and their taxes will kill you! Canada dollar to US dollar is basically 1:1 right now, so no need to get Canadian dollars as long as you're sticking around the border area. They'll take US dollars in Canada. The border agents are notoriously unfriendly, so don't expect a smile or even any semblance of a friendly word. If you're looking to eat at a restaurant with a view of the Falls, skip Top of the Falls on the American side, and do yourself a huge favor and visit the sister location on Canada's side called "Elevation at the Falls"... much better views and much better food!!
Well, this is hard to review.  The falls are amazing.  One of the most amazing places to go in the world.  Just as breathtaking as the Grand Canyon.  So, the falls, get 5 stars, but that has nothing to do with the management. Staff we encountered were friendly, but EVERYTHING was closed!  Yes, we did come in the offseason, but seriously, everything was closed.  The worst was that probably half of the walking trails and viewing platforms were closed and it wasn't even icy.  Canadian side lets you get much closer.
Driving to Rochester and took a detour to Niagara Falls. Wasn't sure we would ever get the chance to see the natural beauty of this park. Both side are a sight to behold depending on the view. Bring your walking shoes because you want to see both sides. I was in awe of the power this water possesses. Next time I should bring the kids If they aren't busy. I'll be back.
Amazing place to be. I loved walking around here. So peaceful and beautiful. So much quiet, relaxing time. Sometimes we just need that! Also, the park is very clean. It's a relief to be somewhere they take such pride and keep their park clean!
Despite complaints all over the web (so many that I didn't even visit the NY side until now - I am Canadian), this State Park is actually quite nice and scenic. It's quieter, less touristy and concrete than the Canadian side and offers a different experience. It's a nice place to go for a hike, a day of relaxation, a intimate date or a weekend getaway. So you don't get the best view of Niagara falls. Big Whoop. I liked my day out.
This state park is just great. It's clean, it have some historical backgrounds and what about the view on the falls... just WOUAH! This is just a wonderful experience for your eyes!! I took my family there and they were astonished by how wonderful everything is! Also, we had a wheelchair and it was great to see everything was accessible.
Does it get any better than this?  First time seeing the Falls from the American side, which is a pretty ugly looking place.  We were impressed at the Falls site, though, as it was cool seeing the American Falls from on top of them.  You can stand on a little island and see the Falls on both sides.  Very cool.  We normally would have gone to the Canadian side as that's the nicest view but traffic on the bridge makes it hard to take quick trips over anymore. So if you only have a little time just ignore the blight of the city of Niagara Falls, NY, and enjoy the natural beauty of this incredible sight.
I've seen the falls from both sides and they are truly spectacular wherever you're looking from, but the NFSP isn't that great. Not to mention that the surrounding buit up area isn't a great addition to the ambiance of the falls.
Great value for the attractions, wonderful experience.  And everyone working there seemed to be having a good time -- which always enhances the experience for us visitors! Don't miss the falls from the Canadian side, however -- they have the REAL VIEW!
This is the best part of the American side of the falls. There are paths to walk that you can see the rapids from and it's not as crowded with rude tourists if you go through some areas. It's clean and has a great visitor's center. Parking is $10 if you park right there, but there is no other entrance fee. I highly suggest you park, walk around, and go on the Maid of the Mist here. Highly worth it!
Free!!!!!!!! The falls views are free, which is the most important reason to visit this park. The surrounding areas are kind of depressing but the falls are powerful and beautiful!
Great park!  A lot of things to see.  It's very clean and accessible.  Not to mention all the great activities connected with it.
So pretty one of the worlds 7 wonders!! So well maintained clean and beautiful! Definitely visit it's worth a trip! Go in the summer if you can. I went in April almost may it's still really cold but none the less gorgeous! I'm going back hopefully in the summer! The ny side is where the falls actually are but when you cross the bridge to the canada side you'll see the view of the falls, so when they say the canada side is nicer its only because you get the view of the falls on the ny side.
After when we got to our hotel at Niagara Falls the US side...  We didn't waste any time at all by taking a walk through Niagara Falls State Park and just to see this beautiful majestic water fall!!! And after all that sight seeing of Niagara Falls that we did it was time to head on out.... I wanted to see the Seneca Niagara Falls Casino for a little bit before having a late night dinner at the Hard Rock Cafe of Niagara Falls NY...
What a great day. We walked from the Cave of Winds around to the Maid of the Mist. Overall the park is clean and the staff is very friendly. We began our day at the Cave of Winds - I have been on many field trips with the kids but my husband had not. We did the hurricane deck and had a lot of fun. The Maid of the Mist was not in our budget for the day but we paid $1 to go out on the observation deck and with that fee you can also go down the elevator to view the American Falls. A great day was had by all.
I came here with my coworker to check out The Falls.  We didn't have a lot of time to take any of the tours so we parked and walked around.  Parking was $8 and there was plenty of parking.  The weather was not that great because it was cold and raining but we got to see the Terrapin Point Horseshoe Falls and the American Falls before we had to head to work.  I wasn't expecting it to be raining but that was fine since I won't be back in the area any time soon after this trip.  The last time I was here was probably back in 1999 or sometime back then.  The weather got better as we walked around.  There were parts of the park that were under construction (probably for renovations) so we couldn't get close to the American Falls.  I took a picture of a sign that showed how many gallons of water flows a second which I found pretty amazing.  That's A LOT of water!  Anyways, this park was great and definitely a must see if you're in the area.
The Falls themselves are a tour de force, but somehow it seem that the State Park management has forgotten that the the place needs to be, well, managed. My friend and I came with four kids to visit the Cave of The Winds (walking tour of the Falls from below). The directions and signage in the park were  so substandard that we had no idea there was an actual parking area near the Caves. So we parked about 20 minutes away, which would have been fine on a beautiful day, but winds were picking up and soon we were soaked head to foot. When we asked a Parks employee to point out which way to go, she gave an uninspired wave into the distance. The next Parks person was more helpful, offering us a map which was not readily available (so how would one know to ask for it?). Even with the map -- which unhelpfully fell apart in the rain a few minutes later -- it was quite tricky to find the attraction, since there were a few paths that split into two or more and, again, no sign for the weary which way to head. Now drenched to the bone, we saw, from one of the viewing areas that people were walking down below in Park-issue rain coats and sandals, so we knew we were near, but it took us another 10 minutes to figure out where the main entrance was. At this point we decided to give up. We were freezing. And we wondered, would it be that hard to offer complimentary raincoats (which, PS., are essentially just garbage bags with sleeves) to mostly unprepared families, many with small kids? A goodwill gesture that would have sent me to the gift shop in gratitude and make me spend money on an overpriced sweatshirt, I am sure. As it was, I just wanted to flee. We decided to grab a shuttle bus back to the main entrance/parking area. We waited. And waited. And waited. After about 35 minutes the bus arrived, but could not possibly absorb the growing line of desperate tourists trying to board. It speaks to the peace-loving nature of most humans that riots did not break out. No apology was offered at any point by staff, nor assurance given that the next shuttle would be arriving shortly. From the shuttle, we saw that the only signage offered to drivers coming in was that we were on Goat Island. But the fact is, most of us have no clue, going in for the first (and probably last) time, that Goat Island is where Cave of the Winds is located. At one point we joked about the Emergency Help Line, which is a phone booth in the vicinity of the Falls, apparently there for those unfortunate souls who may want to be talked out of jumping. We were so flustered, we thought it may become necessary to grab the phone and have the voice on the other side talk us out of leaving...or at least point us in the right direction.
NY side is ugly and horrid. Canada side is beautiful and clean. Seneca falls casino has nothing on Fallsview casino in canada. DO NOT STAY ON U.S. SIDE. Disgusting. Canada side actually has lights to make it beautiful at night.
It is gorgeous. Unfortunately, it pails in comparison to the view from the Canadian side. Though this side has free parking (when I went anyway), and the park is just a nice place to hang out with little to no people there. They also don't have many options for tours and boat rides as they did on the other side. I was only able to view the American falls with Niagara falls Ontario in the background. Horseshoe falls was not viewable from the park itself, but I think there is a viewing ledge up top to do so, but I didn't see anyone utilizing it. It would have been nice to see it at night time as well.
beautiful!
