Give yourself plenty of time if you plan to hike all the way down to the bottom and then along the river. The stairs down (and back up) take awhile, and the path (we went left, but it also goes right) along the river goes a long ways. If you REALLY want to take it all in, I'd set aside at least half a day, if not more. There are plenty of side paths down closer to the water. It's very scenic, and the path isn't overly challenging, while still being fun. Highly recommended.
The views are beautiful, and the top is very quiet and pleasant. However, the trail down to the whirlpool and up again past Devil's Hole is in poor condition. It's a little scary climbing down jagged, broken, sinking, often slick and muddy steps only to edge along a narrow, eroding path with little standing between you and deadly-fast water should you trip on a tree root. I'm mystified how locals can jog along the lower trail when at times there's barely room to walk single-file. However, the top rim trail is well-maintained and shady, and it's fun watching the speedboats smack into the waves while all the riders shriek in unison.
Nature Beauty and Natural Beauty. Best place for the people who like to spend long hours just watching water flow.
When the stairs aren't flooded this is my favorite place to relax. Plenty of trail for privacy. Lots of snakes and caterpillars also, so watch out! The facilities look like they are cared after well enough. Excellent hiking, I recommend hiking shoes if possible because of the jagged rocks. **Favorite**
A great place to spend the day. Park your car at Niagara Glen Natural Reserve, take your hiking boots and comfortable clothing and you're on your way to an amazing adventure! I totally recommend everyone to try all the trails there. Each of them have their own special natural beauty and shouldn't be missed. Don't forget to bring some extra food as well! This walk will leave you both breathless and hungry!
With only moments to go before we crossed into the Canadian side of Niagara Falls, we suddenly made a right into Whirlpool State Park. No this is not where your old dilapidated kitchen appliances retire to.  This was and always will be my daughter and my first official visit to a Niagara Falls tourist attraction.  It was also my first (and nearly my last) workout before crossing over (not to the great beyond) to Our great neighbors of the north, Canada.   This was the perfect touristy appetizer to our Niagara Falls vacation.  The walk and terrain were challenging to me (that's not saying much LOL).  We saw the huge Great Wolf Loge across the way. Saving myself the $500+ a night they charge those who really like the view of the whirlpool.  It's very nice, but not THAT nice. LOL. All in all it was a great way to start the vacation and I recommend it to all.
yeah, even a guy born and raised in New York City can appreciate the wild outdoors. from the top, you can see Niagara Falls, both the American and Canadian side. but, this was the fairly boring part of the journey. what can I say, I love Michael Bay movies, so I need constant action and stimulus to keep me alert. you start off by taking some pretty dangerous rock steps down to the bottom, and THEN your hike begins. one of my friends tried to count, something around 280 rock steps. some are at obscene angles, so I hope your balance is good. the hike is not that tough, but it isn't easy either. if you are horribly out of shape, this is not for you. if you are in average or better shape, do it. overall, not a long hike, took a bit more than 3 hours to go all the way and loop back, but the inclines and terrain add some difficulty. you will definitely sweat, but the views are goddamn EPIC and worth it. you'll see some crazy whirlpools (duh), and be within spitting distance of Canada. wave to the people on the boats. actually, make them wave their hands in the air like they don't care. there are plenty of spots for fishing. if you're feeling really brave, there's a steep incline dirt hill. you can get some great photos here - make sure to bring a camera. I'm Mike B and I approve this place.
