I was craving for Korean BBQ and chanced upon this place. And I am sad to say I only found this place after 1 year of living in buffalo. I had the combo with a friend which includes prime rib, chicken, spicy shrimp and spicy pork. The spicy shrimp and pork was a little too spicy for my liking. But I bet those spicy lovers would love it. But the marinated prime rib was heaven!! And I don't really fancy chicken breast but it wasn't dry and it was juicy. I also had the seafood and scallion pancake. I loved it as well. One of the best in buffalo. Overall it was like a party in my mouth. Yum yum in my tum tum!!!!!
My friends and I are into trying new foods, and a few years ago we stumbled upon Woo Chon Korea House in the plaza on Evans Street.  Having never tried Korean food, we spent time on Wikipedia leading up to our dinner, trying to figure out what everything was (or at least what we wanted to try!)  Surprisingly, we really enjoyed our experience there and have been back several times, each time the food being just as delicious and adventurous! On our most recent visit, a friend and I were seated at a table by a young man who was seemingly the host and waiter to all of the parties in the restaurant.  The joint is not large, but he was definitely working hard that night.  However, he was an excellent server, made sure we knew that one of the dishes we were ordering was spicy (no problem here!) and checked on us at reasonable intervals.  There are 2 types of seating areas... ones with large communal grills if you are ordering barbecue, or regular tables, which is where we sat.  We generally don't order any appetizers here anymore because they bring you several (7-8) small dishes called banchan which are filled with kimchi and other pickled delights.  These seem to vary with every visit and are always delicious, even though we don't always know what we are eating! We decided to split 2 of our favorite dishes, the first being the Dolsot Bibimbap.  This is a wonderful dish of bulgogi (sauteed beef) and a variety of vegetables served over rice in a hot stone pot.  It comes to the table still sizzling, so the rice underneath gets nice and crispy.  It is served with a raw egg on top that gets mixed into the hot bowl, giving everything a yummy, silken texture.  Add some accompanying hot sauce to your taste, and the result is pure, wonderful, comfort food.  I absolutely love this dish and cannot come here without ordering this.  Make sure you pay a little extra to get the hot pot, its so worth it for the crispy rice bits! For our second dish, we chose the Jaeyook Kimchi, which is stir-fried kimchi and broiled spicy pork loin with tofu.  The tofu comes on the side and is sort of non-descript (as tofu generally is) but its good for soaking up the leftover spicy sauce.  The pork is nice and tender, while the kimchi has that nice pickled bite.  Served over rice, this dish is great if you love spicy. This is the only Korean restaurant I've ever been to, but I love the food and it always seems to be packed at dinner time, so those are tell-tale signs to me!  I will definitely be returning to Korea House in the very near future!
Good food and bbq. The price is a little bit high.
A big fan of Korean food and bbq, I knew had to give this place a try! I've been here twice, and man, and I am definitely planning on coming here many more times in the future. Every time, the staff has always been incredibly patient and friendly. They never hesitant to explain menu items to those who wish to inquire. When I got Korean bbq, they were very helpful in helping me cut and grill, even when I told them, "stay back, I got this." Everything is always brought out in a timely manner, if anything, it comes out too fast. But in my experience, that is normal at Korean restaurants. One minute, you have no food, the next, you've got banchan, 4 soups, 4 bulgogi's, and 4 sizzling stone bowls of bibimbap. I've been spoiled by Korean food prices in NYC, so the price still is something that amazes/scares me every time. But I also understand Korean, and many other ethnic foods, is not something that is incredibly common in Buffalo. A must-try if you are craving Korean in Buffalo.
Look, don't judge this place with your pretentious Los Angeles/New York City palate. This is a Korean BBQ place in BUFFALO. People here do not have the same access to the ideas, ingredients and supplies they have in Los Angeles/New York City. So, given its situation, it's really not a bad place to get korean bbq. The good is that it does have a nice atmosphere. It's a good place to catch up with your friends and have some food. The service is fairly quick so if you hate your friends, just cook your meat quickly or eat it medium rare. The bad is that it's a bit expensive for the quality. Aside from the fact that I am accustomed to $23 ayce korean bbq at "high end" places in Los Angeles, each plate of meat was very expensive. My friends and I ordered a few plates of meats, rice, and a seafood pancake. The bill came out to $30/person, which is a bit pricey for limited korean bbq place. So, in summary, LA Korean BBQ snobbiness aside, this place is decent. If you're really homesick and just need something to bring you back to the good ole days of being loud and obnoxious at korean bbq places with ma and pops or your BFF, this is your best bet!
Holy moly bulgolgi. So delicious! Mrs. Kim is warm, helpful, and a great cook! The dolsot bibimbap is also incredible, I highly recommend it. The scallion pancakes are great, and the small bowl appetizers--banchan--are a good compliment to the meal, and give you a chance to try a wide rage of new flavors in addition to what you ordered. The prices are pretty reasonable, too. Fun place to go with friends and enjoy the delicious food family style!
The Good: Korean BBQ.. grill your own cuts of meat to perfection. The meat.. hello marinated rib eye. Large menu, so many options. Play it safe with bibimbap or get adventurous with tripe hot pot. Excellent "banchan" small side dishes. Don't be nervous asking the waiters questions, they don't bite. The Bad: Bring your epi pen, no substitutions with the combos even if you're allergic. You're not going to find yourself admiring the decor. Bottom Line: Change it up, go to the restaurant to grill your own food.. you won't regret it.
After receiving encouraging words from some Korean clients I decided to give this place a try. They are all based out of San Francisco so I took their key recommendations with me and browsed the menu upon arrival. This was definitely helpful because the menu was large so without a guideline I probably would have just shot from the hip. We wanted to try the combo BBQ which consisted of marinated prime rib, chicken, pork, and shrimp (for 2 people.) I didn't realize there was a minimum to do the BBQ plate or combo, it's not stated on the menu or website (unless I missed it.) So we were immediately disappointed and had to flip back through the menu when the server told us we weren't able to order the combo. We settled on prime rib and spicy shrimp for our entrees. The service was slow, so after the first snafu of ordering something that was unavailable we had to wait another 10-15 minutes to place another order. It wasn't busy but I wasn't sure who our server was, the person who took our drink order never returned and a different person told us the combo was unavailable. Then a different person came for our final order. Any way. The food arrived quickly and looked delicious. Phew! The spicy cucumbers, kimchi cabbage and bean paste were my favorite sides to accompany my entree. The prime rib that was edible was good but it was fatty in a bad way and didn't seem like it was worth the $26 price. The spicy shrimp however were delicious. No one returned to ask how our food was, that was kind of a bummer. Especially with the prices we were paying, I just didn't see the value. I would definitely revisit with a larger party to actually use the grill plate and have a true Korean BBQ experience.
I've been here twice now, once for a group dinner with fellow Yelpers and the other time for a double date. Both times, I left satisfied and with a feeling that I expanded my cultural palate and embarked on a culinary adventure of sorts. Korean food is not something I eat very often, but it's definitely a yummy experience full of subtle flavors, heat and even the ability to grill your own meats right at the table. My most recent experience involved five fellow dining partners, some Korean BBQ, a Seafood pancake (huggee -- served like a pizza), some tasty dumplings and the Yook Gae Jang soup...not to mention the variety of different "appetizers" or side dishes that are brought out for free for every dining party. I love how you get to try a bunch of different Korean flavors to wet your appetite before the main meal starts! Those consisted of various kimchi (fermented cabbage, radishes), increedible mashed potatoes, fish cake, bean sprouts and a few others that I can't recall right now. My favorite were the mashed potatoes and kimchi, but many among us were huge fans of the fish cake as well. We started with the Seafood pancake (thanks Wayne!), which is an appetizer that can be easily shared for large parties of six-eight people. It resembles a pizza without the marinara sauce or cheese, but packed full of seafood. I honestly can't think of a good description for how it tasted, definitely not pizza like..but it was yummy! I'd suggest giving it a try, especially if you're coming with a larger party --- great item to share. Now on to the grilled meats...we ordered the Jumuluk Korean BBQ (B2), which was some marinated boneless short rib. Now yeah, at $22+ it's fairly pricey, but if you're coming with a large party it's easy to share and each of us got 3-5 pieces. It comes with lettuce and the traditional way is apparently to wrap the meat around the lettuce and to eat it that way. I would have definitely appreciated if our waiter explained a little more the methods in which the food is typically enjoyed in Korean culture, but to their credit they did a nice job outlining it in the menu (which is like 8 pages by the way, holy cow!). There's about 25-30 pieces of small meat total with BBQ order. You can either have the kitchen prepare it for you or if you're sitting at a table with a grill in the middle, you can do it yourself (or have the server do it). I found it fun that our table did the grilling ourselves and it added to a communal experience. It also allowed us to eat our meats fresh off the grill and cook it to order. Yum! Now the main dishes came out pretty much at the same time as we were doing the grilling. I ordered the Yook Gae Jang soup, which had a spicy beef broth, vegetables, rice noodles what seemed like egg and about a 1/2 cup of rice that you mix into it. It was a red colored broth and the portion was huge for ~$12! If you're averse to spicy food, definitely let them know in advance because as-ordered it's got some heat to it. It took me a little bit to get comfortable with the flavors, but I enjoyed it and started slurping it up towards the end (which I was told is a sign of respect for the food in Korean culture). All in all, it was a great meal. My only feedback would be to try to coordinate the delivery of the food and time it so it doesn't all come out at once as it can be a little overwhelming. Despite that, I thought it was delicious and they did a great job handling a larger group. Authentic and yummy. Will be back!
I had the distinct pleasure of dining with fellow Yelpers for an International Supper Club event at the Woo Chon Korea House Restaurant.  For those who are curious, Woo Chon means "Village of Cows". This was my first foray into Korean Cuisine so I don't have a reference point for comparison.  I can only say that - from the dishes I ordered - I'd return to learn and taste more. The six of us dined family style and sampled some entrees together to maximize our exposure to the many different flavors and textures we encountered.  (Thank you to Alex and to Korea House for providing extras for the group).  I like to dive in; so I ordered two entrees. The Haemul Pa Jun - (a seafood and scallion pancake - $15.95) arrived first.  It resembled a medium sized pizza in size and shape but the comparison ended there.  It was a mixture of vegetables, shrimp and onion atop a dough base (thin and less rigid than pizza dough) which we shared together.  I thought it was good for a shared appetizer but thought it would not satisfy as a main entrée for two reasons:  far too large for one person and not enough depth of flavor as an entrée.  The flavor of the scallions overpowered any seafood taste.  (I had to locate a small piece of shrimp to confirm the seafood part of the claim. The Yook Gae Jang  - (a shredded beef and vegetable soup in spicy beef broth - $11.95) arrived next but - of note - it arrived while we were still appreciating the giant seafood pancake and our other side dishes.  So I take issue with the timing of courses.  There was no room left at the table and we had to use a table near us to put a few items on "hold" while we progressed through the Korean BBQ, fried dumplings, and assorted side dishes.   Anyway...  I thought the Yook Gae Jang was excellent.  I ordered it with reduced spice and when I tasted it - while it still had a respectable 'bite' at the tip of my tongue - I didn't need a fire extinguisher to put out the fire.  The soup was well layered with different textures and ingredients and I found the braised and cooked beef to be preferable to the Pork and equal to the beef of the Korean BBQ.   I've had Kimchi before from Asian infused restaurants but - here at Korea House - I found that the Cabbage Kimchi was too woody and difficult to chew and contained  minimal flavor.  In contrast the Radish Kimchi (Kkakdugi) was excellent.  I think I could eat that all day.  My next favorite side dish was the Fish Cake (Odeng Banchan ) which I didn't expect to enjoy - but did.   All in all this - my first experience with Korean Cuisine - was interesting, informative and, yes, enjoyable.  I really enjoyed the communal (family style) dining and the great conversation it generated.  The price points were a little high but would be suitable for groups (as is likely intended).
After being very pleasantly surprised by liking the Korean food on a recent travel to SE Asia I was seeking a local place in Buffalo to further explore this cuisine. I came across this restaurant based on Yelp reviews. Walking in I was pleasantly surprised by the nice interior of the place and the hooded cooking tables for the BBQ. My family and I chose to sit at the BBQ grills and dove right in to a large variety of menu items. We have everything to the variety BBQ platter to the bibimbap. The food was quite good and the staff was incredible. They truly went above and beyond to help us with choosing what to order and made sure we were well taken care of throughout our visit. Very happy with this discovery.
This was my first experience having Korean food and it was a pleasant one. I came here with a group of fellow Yelpers as part of the International Supper Club and was able to sample a variety of appetizers and dishes. For appetizers we shared a seafood pancake, dumplings, Korean mashed potatoes, fish cakes, kimchi (fermented vegetables), and a few others I couldn't possibly identify right now. All of this was very tasty.  I especially loved the seafood pancake and mashed potatoes - So fresh and flavorful. I would return for the appetizers alone. For dinner I ordered the Dolsot Bibibap - vegetables with bulgogi (beef) over rice, an egg, served in a hot stone bowl. Delicious, and quite beautifully plated. The rice is "baked" onto the stone bowl making it tricky to scrape out but worth it. Flavor-wise, it seems the challenge with Korean is adjusting the spice and flavors to your particular taste. As served, this dish is quite bland. However, you are given sauces to mix into the bowl. I particularly loved the garlic sauce. I was able to spice my Dolsot Bibbibap perfectly to my liking. Alex, our terrific Yelp Community Manager, ordered some Jumuluk Korean BBQ for us to share as well. Think of Korean BBQ as tame Hibachi. The food is grilled on your table. The kicker is that you can cook the food yourself if you desire. Again, it appears that Korean food is often served mild (at least for us). You should be prepared to add spice if you prefer a bit of heat. Another note is that the BBQ dishes are quite expensive ($20 or more). Not completely sure the price is worth it unless with a larger group of people to share. One gripe: It may be cultural but it seems that our server did not think we'd be interested in doing things the traditional Korean way. For example, we had to convince him that we wanted to cook our BBQ despite this being the norm in Korean culture. Similar observation with the "lettuce wraps".  Lettuce is often used to wrap the BBQ meat and eat by hand. This is the traditional way to eat Korean BBQ but was never explained to us as if we would have no interest. Please give us some credit. We're here for a real Korean cuisine experience.  We *want* to learn about the culture. Overall I was pleased with my first Korean restaurant experience. I found all of the food to be quite tasty and I loved the communal dining experience.  4 stars (1 star subtracted for the issue above). Recommended for those wanting something different and delicious. Bring a group for the complete experience!
Korean bbq is sooo delicious. My favorite dish is the Galbi (prime rib). Their pork belly is really good too. They also give you a decent amount of sides. Korean food is one of my favorite cuisines. Its great to have a local place to eat at instead of waiting until I go to NYC.
I have been here several times. I don't eat meat often, but when I do, this is one of my go-to spots. They have several types of Korean barbecue meat dishes here, and all the ones I've tried are excellent. They grill the meat back in the kitchen instead of letting you do it yourself at the table if you have a small order. Barbecue dishes come with rice and a bunch of small plates of kimchi, vegetables and other items. It's delicious to eat it all together, and definitely a filling meal. For people who are more adventurous, there are items on the menu like Yook Hwe (raw beef with shredded pear) and Yook Hwe Bibimbap (raw beef and veggies over rice, I think maybe with a raw egg, too? I can't remember). I liked these a lot, and so did our cat when we brought it home.
I had Yook Gae Jang take out lunch special from here and it was delicious.  3 Stars bcecause I've never sat down to eat here.  I'd go back again for another work lunch. yum yum I love soup for lunch!
Didn't expect to have this wonderful food served here!!! 5 stars!!! Wonderful service wonderful food, the boss even gave us the traditional Korean thanksgiving food called SONGPYUN! COME HERe can't miss it!!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Buffalo area. Luckily it is very close to my work so i go at least once a week. My favorite dish there is the kimchi jigae, which is a spicy broth with cabbage and kimchi, tofu, sliced pork, cellophane noodles, and a few pieces of rice cakes, garnished with scallions. It comes in the piping hot stone pot, with a bowl of rice and the typical appetizer dishes. For newcomers, i would recommend some of the lunch boxes with the beef, it has a little bit of everything and the beef is usually very well seasoned. I also enjoy the seafood pancake - it's very big so better if you go with a group, but if you don't, they reheat very well in the oven (or toaster oven to save time). Also the bibimbop(sp?) is delicious if you like vegetables. It's a mixture of blanched vegetables and rice and meat (or seafood) on a bed of rice that comes in a stone pot, with a raw egg cracked on top and a side of hot sauce. you're supposed to mix the hot sauce in and stir everything up while the stone pot is piping hot, so that the egg would cook. After the initial stir-up, if you just leave it alone and not stir again, the rice at the bottom of the stone pot will harden/crisp up, which I love! I haven't tried the BBQ here yet, it seems a little overpriced, considering there are lots of all you can eat korean BBQ places in Toronto. Wegmans also started carrying various brands of korean BBQ sauces so you can actually attempt to bbq korean style at home if you have the right grilling tools!
Food excellent. Service horrible. There was a girl there, she looked like she was trying to do everything. There was also a guy there and just by the facial expressions and lack of movement, it was clear that he did NOT want to be there. The service was really a turn-off.
I've been coming to various businesses in this plaza for decades and just recently (thanks to Yelp) realized that there was a Korean restaurant here. In fact, there are 3 solid Asian eateries in this very plaza. I came here on a Sunday evening with the Yelp International Supper Club, a group of 6 of us. To get the full experience of the BBQ, I think it's a great idea to come with a small group (4 or 6 seems likes good number). Two table mates ordered soup, 1 ordered fried rice, 2 ordered the hot stone pot rice dishes, 1 ordered BBQ, and our generous CM ordered BBQ for the group to share. We were treated to a plate of okay dumplings from the cook/owner (thank you!), and Wayne shared his yummy seafood pancake (thanks Wayne!). It seemed like plenty of food, even with the small plates they provide with the entrees. I was a little confused though since I thought that each person got this series of plates. Not to be too much of a fatty but sharing tablespoons of food between people was a little odd... BUT THEN... I heard the waiter explain that the small plates can be used with the BBQ'd meat when wrapping in lettuce, with the rice also provided. This started making more sense... Though I think you still get the small plates if you don't order BBQ? I'm confused. All I know is that the fish cake was good, the bean paste packed a powerful punch of much needed salt, and that I don't care for kimchi (even though it's REALLY good for balancing gut bacteria!). My rice dish (E13- haha) was okay. It lacked flavor which surprised me. We were provided with a bottle of Korean hot sauce but it really would have been improved with like a teriyaki sauce or even soy sauce. The amount of beef in the dish was about a tablespoon worth. I like more meat. The few  SMALL pieces of meat (beef short rib and pork belly) I sampled from the BBQ were okay but again flavorless. I've had Korean lunch once from a small place in Denver. The meat and small plates had a lot of flavor, more so than the food here. That is my only other Korean food experience to compare. To my tastes, I've had way more satisfying Asian food. Not that this wasn't good, it's just not my preference and I thought it was expensive (I wouldn't have ordered the pricy BBQ meat on my own). The cook-your-own meat kind of reminded me of The Melting Pot, which is also terribly expensive and just not satisfying to me. I'd like to try one of their soups though. And I appreciate the generosity of our CM and the owner/chef.
I went there with my friend today. We waited for 20 minutes and nobody took care of us. Waitress had bad attitude when we tried to talk to them. We just left, will never go bad again.
Their food is good but a little pricey. Prepare at least $30 per person if you want to have korean BBQ here.
I love Korean food. I was traveling in the area. The Yelp reviews were not great, but I know how some conventional people rate ethic foods. They have no idea. I know good food and this is a superb Korean restaurant.
Food is amazing, quiet and easy to get  in to. We come here all the time.
I'm one of those obnoxious people who lives in a foreign country for a short while, then cannot stop talking about it: the people, the places, and especially the food. I'll just get that out of the way right now. While some people never get over their semester studying abroad in Europe, or their stint volunteering in Africa, I am totally hung up on South Korea, where I lived and taught for a year. I get homesick for kimchi at every meal; when I'm sick, I crave long kalguksu noodles, not chicken soup; and for special occasions, it's Korean barbecue, not fancy steak, over which I wanna celebrate. We had a few things to celebrate this week, so to Korea House we went -- and Buffalo's only Korean BBQ completely exceeded my expectations. I'd heard both positives and negatives about this place: some said it was "intimidating" or "expensive," while others raved about the beautiful food and the kind proprietors. I don't claim to be an expert, but I do have some basis of comparison, having lived in Seoul and tried a LOT of Korean food all around America. I've gotta say, the latter group of lovers are correct. This place rocks, especially for Buffalo, so I'm giving it five stars. First of all, it's beautiful inside. Though it's tucked inside an unassuming strip mall and half of the sign was unlit when we came, it's a very nice restaurant, the kind of place you could take a double date or your parents for a casual night out. Second of all, it's not intimidating at all, unless you're just afraid of trying something different and delicious. The well-organized menu provides plenty of description in English for every dish, and the barbecue choices are laid out right up front. You don't have to eat anything crazy unless you'd like to: I highly recommend the jumuluk (short ribs), the samgyupsal (pork belly) and the meyun ori (spicy duck). Also: say yes to the boricha (barley tea). It's good for you! You have to order two barbecue items in order to grill them at your table -- which is the whole point -- but don't let the prices for each (about $22-25 per order) fool you. While you'd certainly pay less in Korea proper, this is not that expensive for K-food in America; I've paid as much or more for the same thing in the Koreatowns of NYC and LA. And remember, Korean cuisine is all about sharing. Each $20-something portion will easily feed 4-6 people, especially since each order also comes with rice and side dishes included. Two orders = fifty bucks split between six people = you do the math. If you appear to be there for the first time, or are not Korean yourself, the proprietors will likely help you grill your meat without asking. Do not be offended. They did the same for me in Seoul. This is a cultural thing: Americans like to be seen as self-sufficient, while Koreans like to feel cared for and attended to in a way that we might experience as condescending. I once heard about a documentary that explored this difference: in watching American children struggle to solve a difficult puzzle while their parents looked on, Korean parents were horrified. "Why wouldn't you help your child?!" So just go with it, and keep that American ego in check when the friendly older lady leans over you to flip your steak. At its heart, it's an act of love, and part of the authentic Korean experience. If you're still hungry after all that 'cue, I highly recommend a few additional shared dishes to round things out. The yook hwe bibimbap (raw beef rice) is delicious and a little adventurous, made with sauteed greens, crunchy Asian pear and bright orange carrots. The haemul pajeon (seafood pancake) is a totally authentic Korean drinkin' snack, and very tasty when dipped in soy sauce. And the bibim nangmyeon (cold spicy noodles) are a godsend on hot summer evenings. Oh, summer evenings in Seoul -- I do miss you. But now that I'm Stateside, I'm gonna be coming back to Korea House for many years. And I hope you do too!
I didn't even know Korean BBQ existed in Buffalo until my friend introduced me to this place! For our celebration of the end of another successful semester, we came to Woo Chon's for some barbecue. We decided on ordering the combo, which the menu said is for two people. We shared it with an appetizer among two girls and one guy and were more than full. The combo comes with an order of prime rib, chicken, pork, and shrimp, and we also ordered haemul pa jun (seafood & scallion pancake), which could have been a little crispier for my taste. The combo also comes with a small cup of clear broth soup, a bowl of rice, and lettuce wraps. On top of that, you have your many small Korean side dishes of kimchi, fish cakes, potato salad, picked veggies, and other goodies. You can grill your own meat or the servers will come by to check on you every now and then. The servers are very attentive and sweet. Overall, Woo Chon's is very satisfying. I'm used to AYCE KBBQ places in LA, where I would be paying between $20-25, which comes out to be about the same as eating here. Great place for a Korean barbecue fix! Be aware: Clothes may smell like barbecue after! Hey, at least it smells good.
Tried this place out a few weeks ago. Wife and I love korean bbq and had high hopes. We had the scallion pancake,vegatable udon soup and veggie rice u have to mix urself. The scallion pancake was alright but very pricey. Udon soup was tasty. The service was also slow. I dont know if we were just spoiled by korea town resturants in New York City but, this place just didn't do it for us
Put it this way. After my friends and I (all five of us big, strapping, hungry men - and technically two of them were really more work-related acquaintances than friends) left this place, we went to Duffs for wings. Permit me to explain: This place is good. Nice flavor. Good variety. Great service. Competent tableside preparation. Tasty Korean beer. Plentiful sides. Kim Chi was good (though I don't claim to be an expert/connoisseur). But $180 later, we simply weren't full. I know quality counts more than quantity (generally), but the meat/seafood portions seemed a trifle meager.
I love Korean food, I've eaten it in Chicago, LA and NYC and this place is really good. The service can be a little overwhelmingly attentive when the waiter or waitress (who I suspect are the proprietors) grill the food and dole it out as soon as it is ready at the barbecue table. The hot stone bowls caramelize and crisp the rice, the meat is tender and savory, the little accompaniments/appetizers are fresh, zesty and plentiful. If it was in the city we'd eat it a lot more, but we don't want to drive all the way to Williamsville. Lucky Williamsvillians!
This place is a HUGE ripoff!! People who like this place are too stupid to realize that they're paying 2x what they should be paying for, for inferior Korean food.  All the Korean restaurants in Buffalo are terrible so I could see why this restaurant might appeal to some but honestly, this place isn't very good and the owner is somewhat rude.  She rarely comes over to fill your water and tries to get you out of the restaurant as soon as you're done.  I'm afraid to ask for refills on the side dishes because she looks and acts like one of those tightwad owners who couldn't care less about customer service.
Another late review; but still relevant. My second visit...mehhh.  We ordered bulgogi that was cooked in the kitchen.  It arrived luke warm and not flavorful.  The kimbap was tasty, thank goodness.
I love Korean food and I wanted to take my date there for her first Korean experience. I loved Korean food for years and have been to many different restaurants.  However, we walked in at 7pm to a completely empty restaurant.  There was absolutely no one else in the restaurant--bad sign #1. I continued to be worried as we ordered wine (as seen on the menu that they gave us and on yelp.com), and we were told that there was only soda! We both ended up ordering seafood dishes.  When I ordered my dish our waitress warned me that it would be too spicy--multiple times.  I told her that it would be fine.  My date's dish was silken tofu and seafood in a fish broth (which ended up having only one piece of shrimp and two minuscule pieces of squid); I ordered a dish with monk fish and bean sprouts in a brown garlic sauce.  Both of our dishes were EXTREMELY fishy--as if they had a fish broth that had been sitting for weeks that they cooked everything in. When she came to ask if my dish was too spicy, my date told her that mine wasn't spicy...she replied that she had told the chef not to make it spicy.  I wanted it spicy!! It wasn't spicy at all! She hovered over us for the whole time, and pretty much accused my date of not liking the food when she asked for the rest of it to go.   Neither of us are picky eaters and will eat pretty much anything, but this was just dreadful and nauseating.  Ultimately, while the people seemed rather nice and we would love for this place to succeed, we left feeling queasy, and two of the most non-picky eaters tossed our leftovers before entering our home. I hardly ever write yelp reviews, but I wish I would have known about the quality of the food before I went. ...this queasy belly is compelled to give this restaurant only one star :/
This is the most expensive Korean restaurant around here... but since there aren't many options it way be worth a visit.  Korean food isn't typically laden with so much MSG but this place loads it up a bit.  The BBQ is ridiculously expensive in my opinion and the food quality is about par... not great.  Luckily for me... my wife has an awesome marinade for short ribs so I'm not dependent on places like Korea House to get my Korean BBQ fix.
As an Italian man it is not too often that I have to pull the race card...but in the spirit of the recently deceased Treyvon Martin I am officially calling out the Korea House as a racist!!   This place has been open for years and for a while it was the only place in town to get my Korean Fix.  I love and crave grilled marinated Bulgoki (Beef), Kalbi (Short Ribs) and Beef Tongue.  I find the idea of Banchan (or mini plates of complimentary appetizers) enthralling and fun because they are usually different in every restaurant you go to.  Even the paper-wrapped ridiculously polished spoon is a delight.  As such, for a while this was the only Korean Restaurant I could go to to get my fix.   I was introduced to Woo Chon by a Korean friend who was going to dental school in Buffalo.  Years ago we used to go with a bunch of people, cook our own meat, toast with Soju and leave with a full belly and bad indigestion...ah the good years. When he left town I would frequently go back to Woo Chon for lunch for their Kimchi Jigae (spicy soup with kimchi, pork, race cakes and noodles) as it was/is wonderful. As I began to expand my Korean palate I'd try more and more options.  One day I tried to order a soup off the menu which was described as containing bone marrow, beef and intestines.  It sounded adventurous and fun so I ordered it.  Problem was they would not let me order it.  They were not out of the soup, the waitress (I believe the scowling owner) kept telling me I would not like it and to order something else.  So I insisted...and she insisted.  No matter how hard I tried she would not let me order this soup.  It was very frustrating, but if I wanted my Korean fix I had to relent...c'est la vie. Another time I went back with a bunch of friends and we ordered Kalbi, beef tongue and bulgogi to barbeque at our table.  When I used to go with our Korean friend they would drop off the meat and let us cook it to our liking.  Now, sans Korean friend, the waitress stood over us for like 5-8 minutes cooking the entire plate of meat not letting us get anywhere near the barbeque (neglecting other tables in the process).  While I commend the customer service...you can tell she was annoyed and the motivation was certainly not not to please me. So a few days ago my girlfriend was craving a bit of Korean cuisine (I took her to Arirang and she loved it) so I took her over to Woo Chon to try a different take on the cuisine.  I decided to try something new and ordered the soondae or Korean blood sausage (similar to Boudin).  Granted the waitress did not speak English very well but as soon as I ordered I could tell that I set her entire world atilt.  She kept trying to dissuade me, but I held strong this time and insisted that she allow me to order it.  After about 5 minutes of dissuasion she finally relented and went to the kitchen.  It was at this point I could see another waitress peeking her head out looking at us...then she finally came over.  In fluent English she provided me with another warning saying that this was a "traditional" sausage and I probably would not like it.  I told her I will assume the risk and to please bring it over.  Finally they both relented and they put the order in.  A few minutes later the blood sausage arrived and I can see both waitresses watching in anticipation as I took my first bites.  After I cleaned up half the plate (it was really really good) they came over eyes wide in amazement that an American would not only eat but enjoy a blood sausage.   While I'm not offended by the staff of this restaurant (its more amusing to me than anything) I am a bit disconcerted about what it says about our culture that they would tremble in fear when I order a traditional dish.  Its reminiscent of the Chinese Restaurants that have a secret menu with traditional dishes that are not offered to "American" customers.  I do not want Americanized versions of traditional food.  I want to pretend I'm in your country for the evening and to sample your more adventurous and traditional fare.  If an "American" makes a face when you explain to them that the sausage is made with blood, then those people deserve your derision, not someone trying to step out of the box and respect your ways.  Even more so it is the zeitgeist that our "American" palates are expanded and we, as a people, are incorporating offal and nasty bits into our cuisine, and seeing (as my Italian forefathers did) that these bits are delicacies if prepared correctly.  So even though I have officially dubbed this restaurant racist (because it is), as Americans lets start showing the world that blood and guts on the plate don't scare us.  Lets show the world that Americans have balls and even more so...we aren't afraid to eat 'em!!
Deeeeeeeeeeelicious! I don't go to Korea House often, but even my friends who aren't that into Korean food like it here. They always set out the little plates of things to nibble on while you wait, and they have everything from kimchi to potato salad, to things that I don't know what they are but they're tasty. I've gotten the jap chae and kimbab there. The jap chae is a really nice portion and is loaded with meat and veggies, and the kimbab is also delicious but there's so much that I get bored of the taste after a while. The wait staff is always very welcoming and my friends and I always have a good time when we go.
Tasty and Friendly! We have been avid fans of Korean food, and eagerly sought out Korea town tasting in LA, SF, London, Toronto, New York and now Buffalo. Let's face it, this town is culinarily challenged, but the three spots for Korean dining are not to be forsaken. We tried Korea House lateish on a weeknight, and hesitated at the door when we saw that it was nearly empty. But the husband-wife owners were totally attentive and friendly, and the food was plentiful, fresh and delicious. It costs a little more than Arirang and Koreana (the dark horse, a favorite of ours, clean, simple, limited, inexpensive) but not *that* much! To the person who complained that the wife is unfriendly, I really can't understand; and to the person who said they left hungry, dude, check in to Weight Watchers.
Although it doesn't have the same charm that I once remembered, since the management has changed, the food is still delicious. The price may seem a bit steep for buffalo but its definitely cheaper than driving all the way down to the city if you are craving for korean food. I recommend the spicy kimchi pork, fried white fish, seafood bibimbap, and the kimbaps.
one of the few korean options in the buffalo area.  there are lots of menu options but everything is only so-so.  the flavors don't quite cut it.
