My bf and I decided to do something "fancy" for our first year anniversary, outside of the typical nice dinner, so we scheduled a couples massage here. Awesome! Relaxing, swank atmosphere (except the fountain in the front - I agree with another guest, sort of dirty and tacky), very friendly staff, posh EVERYTHING from the robes to showers to the waiting rooms. The massage tables are HEATED, with super cozy fuzzy blankets and soft "sheets" under you. Everything just seemed perfectly designed for relaxation, from the lighting and music to the smooth, polite service - no waiting, no zillion questions or pads of paperwork to fill out before you see the masseuse, etc. The massages were FANTASTIC (we got the hour and it went SO fast). My masseuse was super attentive to my problem areas and very responsive to my requests for more/less pressure. Professional and friendly in every way. We also got a treat at the desk - hour massages were $10 off that week, putting the bill at $75 each. Not terrible for the area and definitely worth it for a special treat.
So I woke up one morning and decided to go in for a massage.  I called spa at falling waters and they had an opening! I came in right away and was very happy. I was checked in and the rude receptionist then brought me to the back.  My massage therapist comes to get me and smells an outrageous amount like smoke and has her cell phone in hand.  We get into the room and she exits so I can set myself up on the bed and the sheets were vey wet and cold, I let it go! Then the message started and she was huffing and puffing and her cell phone kept vibrating, so I asked her to stop about 20 minutes into it.   I go to leave and they try charging me for a full hour massage.  I tell the receptionist "I had to go it only lasted 20minute so I will pay for a 30minute massage" she tells me "sorry you didn't change your appointment with 24hr notice so you have to pay for what you booked!" A 24hr notice? I just booked the appointment! So I ask for a manager and she tells me "she's busy sorry" so I left the $45 for the 20 minute TERRIBLE massage I had and walked out while the receptionist was yelling for me because "I underpaid" Oh and this whole time the massage therapist was lingering around and taking about me to other employees.
. Decor in salon is dated and needs a re-do but going to a great stylist makes up for it. I would recommend the management offers better treatment for clients. The reception staff should be hanging up coats instead you walkin to a cloakroom which is not what you'd expect upon entering a luxury spa. There should be more pampering including complimentary shoulder / Hand massages for hair clients. The lighting in hair salon is awful same as Walmart. Ownership needs to reinvest and upgrade their salon.
I came here with a friend for a spa day and had a great time.  When we got there we were taken to the changing room to change into our robes, which were soft, comfortable and luxurious.  Then we waited comfortably with hot tea and water in the romantically lit waiting area that had comfy chaise lounges.  My massage therapist was Allan, and I felt so relaxed afterwards.  Then we took a break for lunch. The veggie wraps and salads were delicious.  And we had chocolate chip cookies for a snack.  Next we had our manicure and pedicures with hand and foot treatments.  They were really relaxing and left my hands and feet soft and beautiful.  I will definitely book another spa day here again.
We went here for a bachelorette party.  The spa services were great-we had the hot stone pedicures and they were fantastic-as were our technicians.  We also got the tea and cheese platter, both were lovely.   I only have two negatives.  While we were having our pedicures in the room on the side, some of the other technicians and clients were cackling (yes, cackling) about chin hairs SO loudly that it really interfered with the whole relaxation thing.  The other problem is the fountain when you first come in-it's kinda gross, it seems like a stagnant pond with algae in it...YUCK. But otherwise, I really did like this place-we plan on going back and I would recommend it.
I went here for a hair cut which was quite good, but then I returned for an eye brown wax and a massage. The eye brow wax was really well done and the masseuse was amazingly talented (one of the best I have ever had).  But the reason why I gave this three stars is that they were under construction DURING MY MASSAGE.  So I went to relax, but the whole time there was hammering and drilling which was not relaxing. They should have called to tell me that they were under construction to see if I wanted to reschedule or to charge me less.  I talked to the receptionist about it and she was nice and gave me half off my eyebrow wax, but I still feel that it was incredibly unprofessional to run a spa where people come to relax and pay $85 for a massage to do it, and yet I didn't receive the full relaxing effect of the massage.
