I've gone to Kalu for a massage, manicure and hair cut without any complaints. They have great deals on Amazon local and groupon, as well as very nice employees. I would recommend them for sure.
I keep getting emails from KaLu, asking me to "rate them on Google" and "rate them on Yelp."  Ask and you shall receive...... I received a gift certificate for a 1-hour massage.  I stopped in to make an appointment about 3 weeks prior to my appointment date and was promptly served.  I didn't realize that the masseuse would be a male until I arrived at the salon on the morning of my appointment (I wasn't given a choice when I made the initial appointment - so I didn't even know I should have a choice.).  I was a little nervous but it ended up being a super massage by Jason.  He asked a few times during the massage if I was ok and how I was feeling, but otherwise left it quiet for me to relax (A+.) I am so disappointed that you can hear every cackle, shriek and laugh of the stylists and clients through the wall of the massage room....Even over the tranquil music they have playing.  I mean, it's really, really loud in there.  I willed myself to concentrate on the music and to relax. Oh - I didn't need to know that one of the stylists had a "huge wedgie" either... But she let the hostess know as we walked back to the Relaxation Room so I could fill out my paperwork.  Look - I work in an office and of course have conversations with my co-workers about personal things... But not where customers can hear. Overall I was super happy with Jason and the massage but just not thrilled with all the noise.  The pedicure stations look nice and I would like to try to go back in the future for a pedi and maybe a mani.
I have only been to this salon once but Overall pleased. My mother in law had purchased a gift certificate for me. It is an aveda salon which is true love to me. I had worked a few years back in an all aveda salon and from the moment i walked in the aroma melted me. its like an addiction. the staff was all very friendly. I could tell I must have been booked for my cut between color services bc my stylist was not the one to wash or dry my hair...but having worked in a salon before it really didnt bother me at all. I will be back next time a cut or color is needed.
Let me start by saying that I love Everything Aveda and have been to every Aveda spa in the region... I absolutely love this place, Shannon does wonderful things with my non functioning hair:) she also does a great mani pedi too:) I had an amazing facial with John and Jason's massage had the perfect balance of relaxation and deep tissue... I have been coming here for a few years now and couldn't imagine going anywhere else:) every staff member I've seen is very accommodating, and Katie always has a friendly smile at the front desk;) love love love this place:)
Great mani and pedi at the new location. Friendly service. Fantastic massage chair. Would be nice to have more colors of polish to choose from but overall an excellent place. They were even great to my 5 year old who came with me!
John is the best! He has been cutting my hair for 2 years.  Even though I have moved away to Long Island,  I still make a special trip to buffalo just to get my hair cut.
I'm giving them 2 stars, because the potential is so great in their location. The standard strip mall salon with a well decorated interior. I only had waxing and nails done here, so I do not have experience with their other services. I've had the pedicure and manicure winter special, and I was not impressed and even at the "reduced" rate I was disappointed and thought I still overpaid for the quick non detailed service I received. In addition, after repeated brazilians I began to notice repeated irritation which I brought up to my waxer and she said it was nothing to worry about. However after repeated visits I noticed a decline in the treatment I received and I noticed they double dip on the wood depressor sticks. It was already just eh due to their use of hot wax and $50, but the double dip sent me on my merry way and to never return.
Had a massage here for the second time, but only a gentleman was available.  The pressure was good, however I was not as relaxed as I usually am when I have a female masseuse.  I felt a little uncomfortable.  I will not be returning until they hire another female.
I recently had a bachelorette party at Kalu, and it was really a lot of fun. They have a nice room with a couch and table where you can bring snacks and drinks while waiting for your services. I had a massage and facial. My massage was really, really good. I felt incredibly relaxed afterward. I had never had a facial before and was unsure what the expect, and I found that my skin just glowed afterward. All the employees were completely pleasant. My only two little complaints were that I felt like time management could be improved. There was one point where everyone else was away having treatments, and I was alone. It just took a while for my services to start. Not the end of the world. Also, like all of these spas in strip malls, the walls are thin. So, if you have a group of girls talking and laughing in the next room, you can hear them during your massage. I had no problem blocking them out and focusing, but I feel like others might not be so lucky.
The stylists seem to do good work but it's the reception area that needs work. While I'm waiting for my stylist or a ride I want to gouge my eyes out. The receptionist is always chatting about her personal life with other stylists. I understand that stylists have down time because I was one myself for years , but it is very unprofessional to talk about your child's eating and napping habits. I also don't want to hear about your boyfriend/husband or whatever he is. There has also been other times when stylists were talking about each other behind their backs soon as they walked away. Very unprofessional and uncomfortable.  Other than learning how to act professional everything else here is good.
This place was surprisingly nice. It doesn't look like much from the outside as it is in a strip mall next to an ice cream parlor. I would never have even noticed it if I hadn't gotten a groupon for it. There is a salon in the front, but then you go to the back where there is a really nice spa. It is surprisingly big and I can see that it would be good for groups. I had an express facial and massage. Let me start by saying that I am not the biggest fan of facials. I wouldn't have gotten a facial if it weren't for the groupon. I feel like I am usually just paying people a lot of money to tell me that my skin is bad and I should buy a lot of products. This was not like that. John did my facial and he was great. It felt very nice and relaxing. It was very peaceful and he didn't try to make me buy anything. My only complaint was that I really felt like I needed a shower afterward and they don't have showers there. I had some gritty stuff still remaining on my skin and my hair looked crazy. I am a big fan of massages though and i get them quite a bit. Nicole (Nicky?) did my massage and well sadly it wasn't very good. Perhaps my fault for not giving her more feedback but It was really not very comfortable. She didn't have enough lotion/oil on her hand and it just kinda felt like pulling on my skin. I dunno she seemed really nice but I found it neither relaxing nor therapeutic. It is a nice space though so I would try again with a different massage therapist.
I visited Kalu with 5 of my friends for Martini Thursday.  They have a $20 manicure special that includes a Cosmo. I've had better manicures...and I've had better Cosmos...but the atmosphere was pretty nice for being located in a strip mall a stone's throw from wheatfield.  The back part of the salon is really tranquil and a nice space for groups, like we had. For 15 dollars extra I got a gel manicure.  It was my first, and I'm extremely pleased with it.  A friend of mine who has gotten many a gel manicure said they are cheaper at other salons...but the Kalu staff explained that they use a different brand name than most.   Unfortunately, I was disappointed with the actual manicure.  The $35 covered the application of the gel and a smear of lotion on part of my hands and wrists.  I've had manicures that include hand washing, massage, nail care, and polish application for half the price.  The girl didn't even clean out under my nails...and I chose a really transluscent pink shimmer color that looks like a shiny natural nail, so you could still see junk under my nails once all was said and done.  There were still 4 girls in our group who had to go after me so while we were all sitting around chatting I borrowed a nail tool and did it myself. Although I was disapointed with the logistics of the actual process of the manicure, the nail techs were really personable and we all had a great time chatting and sipping on our drinkies.   Overall, I really like the idea/concept.  It is a decently decorated space and the staff is nice.  ...but it was too expensive for what I got. :/ OHHH and I forgot to use my Yelp Check-In Deal (10% off your first visit) grrrrrr! Not convinced I will be back....but could be convinced if a group was going because we did have fun.
Visited Kalu twice since my last review and still loving it! The staff is professional and well trained. I was really impressed with the attention given to my pedicure, she was really being a perfectionist with it and has raised the standard for other salons for me! It's only downside it that it's a little difficult to find because it's in a plaza that's a little sunken from the road. Check it out on google maps streetview before going so you'll know if when you see it.
Shannon does an amazing job with manicures (and pedis)...plus she reads the CND book to come up with fun funky nail art.  My green with black streaks manicure lasted THREE weeks, which is amazeballs even for a gel.  I wish I lived in town and didn't stay in a hotel so far away, I'd definitely be back more often. My only complaint is no dryers for the toesies.  No matter how careful I am, I need 10 mins or so of drying time, or I'm gonna smudge.  Especially so in the winter time...
Still a huge fan of Kalu and have been going for regular gel manicures with Shannon. She is very thorough and does a great job- if I get a pale pink color I can often extend the life for about 3 weeks with my nails looking decent. it's a little pricier for the gel at this salon than other places but I think it's worth it. I've had the best luck with my nails at this salon with Shannon. My nails always look good now!
I bought a LivingSocial deal for a 60 minute element massage. When I called, I was asked if I'd feel comfortable with a male. I was initially very nervous but said it would be fine (after learning they currently only have a male available). My massage was with Jason who was very professional and the massage was amazing! Jason asked if I had any preferences and then only asked me a few times mid massage how I was feeling. I can not say how much I love that, as I have had so many massages where they attempt to talk to you the whole time (so not relaxing!) I would definitely recommend Jason and will certainly go back to him in the future.
Love this place! You definitely get what you pay for, and I always feel completely pampered when I leave there. The new massage therapist, Jason, has AMAZING hands. The hot stone massages are to die for. I've never felt more relaxed. I will definitely be going back!!
I came in via groupon for a brazilian wax. I took a risk buying three but I was pleasantly surprised. The place is a bit odd- in a strange part of town in a weird little strip mall. But I've now been waxed by both ladies there and they are fabulous. They do a great job and are super friendly and professional. A hidden gem in a strange Buffalo spot.
I get my hair done by Dominae and I LOVE her!  She really knows color and I trust her.  Also, the staff are very sweet and attentive.  I have also had manicures, pedicures and a facial there before and all have been great!  I love that where the pedicures are done is back in a separate room.  Also, they are very clean which is a BIG plus in my book.  I recently had to move away and am going to miss Dom and the staff very much.
I don't know what other people are talking about in their reviews...I had a fantastic time, although I did have a groupon for the waxing.  Recommended for waxing!
