I was in town for an event. Megan did my hair and Brandi did my makeup. I have only one word to describe my experience - AMAZING!!! My hair is straight and it is very difficult to style and it always loses its fullness within the hour. Megan is a exceptional. My hair was beautiful, not only throughout the night but the next day too. If you want your hair done right, go to Megan. Brandi is an artist!!! My makeup was also perfect throughout the night and my skin looked great the next day.   I live in Miami so blowouts and makeup applications are very expensive. I paid only $32 for the hair style and $45 for the makeup application. Usually I spend at least $75 on a blowout and $100 on makeup application.  Bottom line-go to Blu Salon & Spa. You won't be disappointed.
Customer service, 5/5.  Quality of nail service, 2/5.  3 stars overall. Had a Spawish gift certificate to use and there were only two places in the WNY Southtowns where I could redeem it. Blu Spa was one and I chose it based on recent positive Yelp reviews. Customer Service: I made an appointment for a gel pedicure and even though I was calling with less than a week before my vacation, I had a few appointment choices.  Always nice to have some flexibility!  I received a reminder call 24 hours before the scheduled date and they very easily accommodated my request to move the appointment back one more day to a Saturday morning.  Clean, modern interior and decor though it seemed to be very open concept.  I'm not sure where you would sit when waiting for a massage since I didn't have one but all of the spaces (main waiting area, mani/pedi chairs) I saw were shared.  Not only did I arrive 10 minutes late for my appointment (and fearing subpar treatment because of that), I also brought along my 6 year old daughter unannounced AND did not process my Spawish gift card correctly before arriving (it was a 2 step process and had I actually read my voucher I would have seen it!!).  Needless to say I was not their ideal customer when I walked through the doors :). Even with all of this against me, they were genuinely accommodating and kind.  I did not feel rushed and the nail tech even took the time to paint my daughters toes.  The receptionist helped me figure out the certificate issue with a smile on her face.   Nail Service: Our technician was super friendly, great personality and was adorably chatty with my daughter (which she loved!) but unfortunately the quality of my pedi wasn't really up to par with those I've had in the past. First issue was that I made my appointment for a gel pedi since I wanted to be sure the polish would last my entire 10 day vacation. When the tech went to grab the polish I realized and asked whether it was gel and she confirmed no.  I didn't bother with reminding her about the original appointment request since my daughter was with me and I figured might as well not take the extra time. Plus, I didn't know if there was any other prep we might have already missed.  The massage and scrub were brief but fine. My main issue is that as soon as we got outside, took off our little toe separators & looked more closely at the polish, I was bummed.  It looked like I had gotten my nails painted well over a week ago! Even my daughter commented on how her toes had hardly any sparkle :(.  I told her it was because it was cloudy out, but she chose a sparkle-only polish and even though her toes are uber tiny, some of nails had only one of two sparkles on them.  $10 for a polish application was a bit steep for what she got... could have definitely used multiple coats. My polish had multiple coats but is not all the way down to the cuticle, does not reach all sides of my nail beds and is choppy around the edges. Customer service alone will bring me back in to try another Pedi.  Going to give them the benefit of the doubt that we were rushed through.
Men... stopping looking like neanderthals! On a recent trip to western NY, I got my hair cut and beard trimmed by Moe at Blu Spa & Salon. Moe is a dedicated men's barber at the salon. This is unique to salons in the area. ALL he does in men's cuts and it shows in his attention to detail. After my cut I went to the mall and I had 2 ladies within an hour approach me and tell me they liked my beard. Blu is very comparable and attractively priced to salons I've encountered in Los Angeles and San Francisco. The staff I met at Blu were professional and devoted to their craft. I would highly recommend Blu for a men's cut and shave.
So I have been happily gifted a certificate for mani/pedi here 2 years in a row.  I am not one to complain about that. I have enjoyed my experience both times I have gone here approximately 1 year apart.  The staff is very nice, English speaking, and try to make your stay comfortable and somewhat enjoyable past the massaging of your feet.  So I guess why the "meh, I've experienced better" then?  Well to start the cost of one of those mani/pedis is $70 which to be honest is way too much.  Don't get me wrong if I was thoroughly engulfed in the spa experience (which I have before: robes, soft music, escape feeling, extensive massaging) I would be happy to spend that much on my hands and feet. However, I have gone to multiple places in Buffalo (and on LI-- don't get me started, mani/pedi there is $20) and I pay much less in other locations for the same QUALITY experience. So why pay that much then? My nail place around the corner of my house has half the price tag with a better outcome (Safety First if your curious-- sorry to name drop on a review of a competitor). I don't know what drives people wild about this place to take bridal parties there and whatnot.  I have NOT experienced any of their hair services or facials/massages so this review is specifically for nails. If money is tight to keep those tooties looking pretty (as it is for me) I would skip this place and go for the cheaper alternative. Sorry all!
I work in the beauty industry and I love coming to this place for all my spa treatments.  From what I was told by the staff, the business is owned by doctors and you can tell because all the equipment is top of the line.  The staff is well trained. Services are given by the book.  Like I said, I work in the industry and am very picky because I know how things are supposed to be done. I don't like getting skimped on my pampering! The prices are very fair for a great service. I think spot on. Comparable to the area and not outrageous.   The massage was only relaxing.  It was very light, professional, done in a very relaxing room, with great organic scents. If you are looking for some deep tissue and to really feel physically better, I would not recommend here.   The facial was my favorite part! It was done by Julia.  I could literally see and feel a difference in the texture of my skin for months.  She also did my eyebrows, which also were beyond perfect and lasted a very long time as well (with plucking done on my part as they started to grow in to try and keep her shape) Manicure and pedicure as previously stated, by the book. No cutting corners on scrubs and massages AND they removed all the oil from nails before polish (a step so often skipped which makes the polish last only a day or so. a pet peeve of mine!) The second time a very inexperienced girl did my mani, pedi.  She was friendly and did as good a job as she could. But I could tell very, very new.  When Im paying $45 for a pedi, I don't want someone learning on me. I had to go home and repaint my nails. Not the young girls fault, and I suppose everyone has to start somewhere. The relaxing room is as stated! I want one of these in my house! fireplace, cushy chairs, tinkeling music and water fountains...ahhhh My one and only complaint was, where that got their lunch from.  I am slightly lactos intolerant. The lunch consisted of a sandwich and side salad. Something I would never think would irritate me.  My first time there I left in terrible stomach pains. So my second time I requested lunch with no cheese or lunch from another place. Unfortunately I left with the same problem! So I cant say who was to blame, being the Spa or the lunch venue.  I will bring my own lunch for my next spa day. Otherwise, I love Blu spa and I cant wait to go back for some more pampering very soon!!!
I just started going to Blu Spa & Salon. I've had my hair cut here twice, both times by Tara. When you check in at the front desk, you're offered a beverage and the receptionist takes your coat. Then you wait in the waiting area, which has comfortable chairs and is very modern looking. I've always been called to my appointment on time, and Tara does a great job. She is easy to talk to, but doesn't force conversation like some stylists do. I get my hair cut about every six weeks, and I rarely go to the same place twice, but I think I'm here to stay. Tara provides consistent results, and I love the spa atmosphere.
I did not have a good experience with my mani/pedi that I got for a wedding but went back for a spray tan and it was absolutely fabulous.  I felt super comfortable, got a really even, perfect color tan (NO ORANGE) and it was not nearly as expensive as some other places (only $25).  I will 1000% recommend them for a spray!
Brandi gives the best facial in Western New York. Her work is impeccable. However I wish she would leave this placeThere is nothing in the hair salon. Ownership seems to be lacking the knowledge to design and run a spa. If recommend they invest money in visiting other highly rated day spas and take those ideas and implement them. It appears to me that there isn't good leadership
Came for pedicures with sis, mom, and grandma. We had a good time, the service was professional and friendly, and the spa itself is clean, bright, and pretty. Also - I'm very happy with my pedicure! Looks clean and 3 days later with no chips - which means they aren't just adding thinner to the polishes when they get old, which makes me happy. I don't usually like to pay $45 + tip for a pedicure. But it was a nice morning :-)
My mother and I went to Blu spa for massages and pedicures. Front desk was welcoming and friendly and our operators were exceptional! Will be back again very soon.
First thing - I'm a guy. I get my hair cut here. It doesn't feel like this place belongs in Buffalo. Nothing wrong with this area - I love it. However Blu Spa & Salon feels like it came from somewhere entirely different. Somewhere more progressive and up-to-date.   The owner of this place hit the nail on the head for giving people what they want. My wife loves this place - and she normally dreads spending time at any salon. When faced with giving our toddler just her 2nd hair cut in her life (she'll be 3 in just a couple of months from now) we initially thought we'd take her to a more "kid friendly" atmosphere. Then we began to question just exactly is "kid friendly?" Does that mean you have to attempt to distract them with television, balloons, candy, and overly colorful wall art plastered everywhere like someone went nuts with a few paint cans? I theorized that given a relaxing environment and some nice calm explaining of the tools used to "do hair" our toddler would remain calm and happy and not become the nightmare we've heard from just about every other friend who is a parent.  Tara cut our daughters hair and it went perfectly. We only brought a book to read. Everything here is perfect. The complimentary coffee (and sometimes snacks) they have, the cool & calming decor, the choice of music playing in the back round, the seemingly genuinely friendly staff, and the smells in the air all combine for a very relaxing and pleasant experience. I hate paying $15 + tip for a hair cut as a guy. My cut is simple and fast. However that being said I'm not going to find anywhere that cuts hair under $13 and certainly not one as nice as this place. Worth the money for sure. (Side note - I cannot believe no one else here has reviewed this place on Yelp yet. Back in the San Francisco bay area yelp is second nature to leave reviews for places. This further drives home my view that Buffalo just isn't very progressive.)
The mani/pedis are great, but the massages are super great!  Ask for Rachel.
Atmosphere is good
I have been going to Blu salon and spa for about 2 years. The staff is friendly, atmosphere is wonderful and they offer a variety of top line products and services. I go most often for massages. Johanna is wonderful!!! She is actually a miracle worker!!! Make sure you ask for her!
