This place is friendly to non-artists. I'm not an artist, but I really enjoy this gallery. It's a mix of art, retail, and events. The owner is very friendly and does a great job of bringing together artists. When I was looking to purchase an original piece of art, Marcus worked with me to locate the right artist to make the right piece for me. I really appreciated all the time and effort. There are events all the time at this gallery. This gallery is involved in the art world, as well as the Black Rock community. This is a great place to show off to out-of-town guests as well as to get gifts for your fellow Buffalovers.
464 is a nice little art gallery on Amherst St. I like them because their art openings are the most fun of any gallery that I've been to. They often involve a DJ/ live band, dancing and it's basically like an awesome house party where there is also art. There are also lots of little trinkets / art you can purchase here. I bought a framed "BUFFALO" photographer that spells BUFFALO out of different cropped landmarks (such as the Richardson-Olmsted Complex, etc). The art was by Brian of FacesofBuffalo -- really cool stuff. Lots of other local art that you can buy as gifts / decor from your house. They also offer studio space for artists for rent. Cool spot!
Such a great lil gallery and retail space! I came here for the Elite event tonight and had a blast browsing all the photographs, jewelry, art, etc for sale! A lot of their products are Buffalo-related which makes this place a great stop for any Buffalover or anyone looking for a gift for someone who has moved away. If you're coming to Black Rock for BRKitchen or the Phoenix or Rohalls, no reason not to stop here first and do a little shopping!
I kept hearing their name. It seemed that everywhere I went 464 Gallery was mentioned, had a place card, or someone was talking about it.   My first "exposure" to it was actually at another opening at the Burchfield, I mentioned that I had been to a show in NYC and the conversation quickly turned to "Have you seen what's up now at 464?"  I had not, was not even sure where to find 464 Gallery.  I heard about the owner, Marcus, during that conversation.  That he was focused on providing a space for shows, but also a space for artists to work, 464 Studio. Sadly, I did not go and seek out 464 then.  I should have. I read about them next in ARTVoice one week, and thought again I have to go to this place.  Then I saw the address and realized it was located on Amherst, just near Wegmans & Lucys, both places I frequent. Then I went to City of Light and talked to an artist who has an upcoming show at 464.  And saw that they were major influences at the Silo City event as well.   Then they were at Elmwood Art Festival.  And I saw the sign for the new spot called Glow on Allen, which opens in a few weeks.   Off I went, finally.  Found parking, easily, on the street.  It's a nice space on Amherst, 2 rooms, lots of different artists work for sale when I went.  Some I liked, some not as much, but all local and all interesting in some way.  Marcus happened to be there and so we chatted for some time.  He opened a few years ago in Blackrock.  He said that he does a lot of "events" and the like, which is where a lot of his business comes from, not to mention that fact that his Gallery is on everyone's tongue.  Like me he has noticed how much Blackrock is picking up, even in the past year, and hes thrilled by that of course.  He lives in the area as well. Galleries can be very hit or miss.  You like the show or you don't.  Its really that simple.  Hes done it a little differently, his gallery does shows, does events, and sells pieces from locals.  He does a little of everything.  I'm looking forward to going to Glow in a few weeks for an event there as well.   I go to a lot of Galleries, large and small, wherever I happen to find myself.  I have always enjoyed them.  This is one that is committed to the city, the craft, the artists and the community.  Its really a "whole package" kind of place, and that's really nice.  Marcus is himself a photographer, but he does show other artists' photography in his space.  He is an incubator of talent in many ways.  He promotes himself of course, but he promotes others as well.   Overall this is a Gallery to watch, and I'm sure Glow (on Allen) will be as well.
Unpretentious, inventive, community-oriented--464 is everything you'd want a gallery and art space to be. The facility itself, a converted two-story family home on a commercial street, features a traditional gallery and gift-shop space on the first floor and artists' studios in the second floor's former bedrooms. During openings (which are more like house parties than stuffy fine-art affairs), you can often peruse the studios and catch a DJ rockin' the place in the upstairs sitting room. A side yard and garage are used as additional spaces for gatherings, art installations, performances, and more.
