Got the Yelp deal - 75 for 50 - which made the facial the price I wanted to pay. But I have to say, Char would be worth it at full price. GREAT facial. We chatted a bit at the beginning and then she let me just lie there and enjoy. My pores got very clean - she used the little suction thing, much more pleasant than most extractions. And my skin was super soft after. The best part - Char does a hand/arm and foot massage while you're relaxing with a treatment. Felt great! I'm from out of town but I'd totally go back - Char is a gem.
I love Spa Alexis. The ladies and gentleman there are awesome.  It's a little pricey but the staff is completely down to earth.  They are funny, a little bawdy and don't judge.  Except for the beautiful of war torn Main St. Buffalo NY I like everything about this place.  Alexis makes all their lotions and scrubs and the fragrances are delightful. I really feel pampered when I go there.
The first thing I love about this salon is the ability to make appointments online.  On Friday night, long after the salon had closed, I realized I was overdue for eyebrow waxing.  Unhappy with the place I'd been going to, which was in the burbs, I decided to try Spa Alexis for this service, as it's close to my apartment.  Making an appointment was easy, and I also decided to get a manicure.  Their online system gave me a few time options for the services I wanted.   I should also mention that I got a massage here in December of 2012 and it was fantastic (even though I did not write a review) I arrived early for my appointment and Alexis, who was taking care of my brows, took me right away and into a private room (I hate places that doing waxing of any kind in an open space!)  She asked lots of questions about my brows, and really took the time to hear what I wanted to do with them--I wasn't there just for routine maintenance.  We developed a plan for the next few months as they need to grow out; she explained everything she was doing even though I've had my eyebrows waxed dozens of times.  I really appreciated her attentive nature. I've been having some issues with breakouts recently and she brought my skin up in a very polite manner, as she had some helpful hints.  I ended up discussing my recent issues with her for 10 minutes and she told me what she thought might be happening and I walked away with a specific vitamin to try.   Lisa did my manicure (regular polish) and it was very good.  I've been a life long nail biter, so my nails aren't terribly long, nor have I had many manicures in my time, but keeping them painted helps me to resist the urge to bite them.  There are no little bubbles in my polish, or any problem areas, which I feel is a common occurrence when I go to random nail places that cost $10.  I do not mind paying more for a manicure that looks great and lasts (she said the brand of polish is guaranteed not to chip for 7 days--same brand that makes Shellac I think) Lisa was very meticulous. I'm excited that I decided to give Spa Alexis a try for services I'd been getting elsewhere, as I have found my new go-to place.
Today I had my hair washed, cut, and styled at Spa Alexis. I have been going to the same place for a long time and was very hesitant to try somewhere new. All I can say is I could not be happier with my choice to give Spa Alexis a try. Even with the downtown location, you can valet your car for free, covered by the spa. I was instantly offered a beverage and met my stylist Bree. I am obnoxiously picky about my hair and Bree listened to all of my requests and concerns. I plan to go back here regularly for my hair needs. I don't normally feel compelled to write reviews, but I was beyond satisfied with my appointment today and felt others should know.
This isn't a salon that I would normally go to because it's a bit more expensive than what I'm used to paying.  A manicure is $25 and a pedicure is $45.  The salon is nice, clean, and the staff is friendly...but something about this place just didn't do it for me.  It's definitely convenient, especially if you're staying in the hotel (you simply just walk downstairs), but I was really turned off by the price. The color selection is fabulous, though, and you're bound to find a polish for whatever occasion you're attending.
Took me last minute on Christmas Eve. The girls were very accommodating very kind and professional. I'm so pleased with my hair. Pricing was reasonable as well. Wish I would have found this place before I moved to California. Thanks gals.
Spa Alexis is fabulous!  Often at a spa or salon you have one stylist or technician that you like. But the entire team at Spa Alexis is friendly and meticulous. Whether it's for a mani/pedi, massage, facial, or cut/color, you know you'll get a high quality experience. The spa is open, bright, and energizing. It's a great place to bring a group. Valet parking is available at the Hyatt entrance. So you don't have to worry about parking. And prices are on par with nice salons. I've recommended Spa Alexis to my family and friends, and they love it too.
I have had a facial and a pedicure at this spa at two separate appointments.  My husband went in for massages at the same time.  Both my facial and pedicure were done by Alexis herself due to my good luck.  You can request specific people using the online scheduler, but I didn't know who to request when I scheduled.  When I arrived for both appointments I was offered coffee, tea or water.  They have Tazo tea and they use a Keurig for the coffee.  During my facial I was very relaxed and not only did it include a shoulder and foot massage, but also some great skincare tips and remedies using items most people have around the house.  The one that I tried actually really improves my skin.  As for the pedicure, it was an hour long and included the best foot/calf massage of my life.  In addition, another employee was walking around providing hand massages for no extra charge, so I ended up being massaged from my elbows down and my knees down.  I was so incredibly relaxed.  They have a ton of options for nail polish and the regular polish looked good and lasted for a month and a half!  I have had pedicures at places that were just storefronts in shopping plazas and at real spas that offer steam showers and robes.  This is the best pedicure I have ever had.  Well worth every penny of my $45.  Once you are a client you receive coupon deals in the mail and also you can watch for coupons on Yelp and other coupon websites.  My husband enjoyed both massages he received so far.  We will be back as regulars now.  I don't see a reason to go anywhere else.
Love it! Located inside of the Hyatt. Small, but cool inside.  Warm, friendly, professional.  Facials by the owner, Alexis, are awesome!  I go every time I'm in the area.  Highly recommend!!!!!
compare to Atlantic City or Scottsdale this is the bottom of the barrel for amenities.  There are none and it is loud because the staff yell back and forth right outside the treatment rooms and slam the microwave the whole time you are getting your services.  The prices are reasonable compared to fancy places and Amanda is terrific.  Its clean but not spa-like no whirlpools no private pedicures everything out in the open like a walk=in place.
Got a massage here the day before the Bar exam and was glad they were able to fit me in for a one hour massage, despite all of the stressed out examinees. Beth did my massage and was very good about focusing on my problem areas (shoulders and upper back). Very relaxing full body massage, worth every penny.
I really enjoyed my visit to this spa. I'm very particular about the products I put on my body, and I love that everything used for my massage and facial were homemade creams and scrubs.
This place is great! I took my friend here because she totally screwed up her hair by dieing a chunk of it bright pink. These two lady's did everything the could to get that pink out and were very accommodating while doing it, all the staff is very friendly, and the location was great for me seeming that I was staying in the hotel next door. In the end they succeeded in taking the pink out, dieing it the color we wanted and cutting it to perfection. I too did get my hair died, straight black and the cut I got was exactly what I asked for. All in all, they did a great job, and if I lived in buffalo I would definitely return,
