Rich history of Rockefeller family and their influence, majestic setting, beautiful views, landscape and gardens, interesting artwork. The Grand Tour (3 hours) goes quickly, and includes a visit to the second floor of the mansion, the stables, and the garage. Tour guide, Charli, was very friendly and informative.
Probably I'm the only one that wasn't so impressed by the tour. So remember I'm reviewing the total experience of my visit to the Rockefeller estate. Including the tour and tourguide. Biggest complaint: an oldfashioned way of displaying and touring heritage. No interactive features. And inflexible. Everything is timed to the minute leaving no space. I think all tourguides are volunteers. But volunteer or employee doesn't matter, in both cases: please wash and brush your teeth. It was horrible. And because on a lot a places in the house you're packed in small places it really matters. The tours all start at the visite center in Sleepy Hollow. From there you get in a coach to the estate. It takes about 10 minutes to get there. From there there a standard points were the tourguides tells you something about the house and the family. The later in a business kind of way. Like they all sworn secrecy about personal details. Everything is very harmless. And questions regarding the family are all waived away. The focus on (the classic) tour is the modesty of the family, the art and the philanthropy. The effect on me was that 'it didn't came alive'. On every point were the tourguides tell you something you can see the tours for you moving. It's a very tight schedule. At one moment our complete tour was out of questions (and interest) but we had to wait for at least 5 minutes in the rain, under the porch before we could move on. All together the way the tour was given 135 minutes was too much for me. I got bored by more of the same story in different places of the house and annoyed by the odor of the guide. My suggestion would be to also offer interactive tours which you can take on your own. Like they offer at Graceland for instance, but also at Schönbrunn, the home of Sissi. And make the tours and information about the family more personal. Bring them alive. You can do that without being immodest. And please forgive any grammar and spelling mistakes. English is not my first language and my Apple device keeps turning words into proper Dutch (my first language). Damn autocorrect :(.
The grounds are fabulous, the views of the Hudson spectacular and the main mansion quite nice, nothing that unique as mansion tours go.  Three of us chose the 2 hr 'Classic Tour', on a beautiful  Saturday, cost $25. each.  Here's the rub:  with 18 in our group, all moving as one unit just behind and just in front of another group, it was rushed w/too little viewing room & no time allowed to linger at any one spot.  There is no meandering the grounds allowed, though the beauty of the day and scenery tempted one to sit in the lush grass under a tree.  It could have been better, more user friendly.  Been to many, many tours & this one just fell short for us, all 3 native New Yorkers.
This is one of the best attractions in the Hudson Valley. It's a convenient and fun weekend getaway from the city. I came here during the July 4th weekend and the weather was perfect. It was sunny, but not too hot and the views on top of the hill were fantastic. Our guide, Gail was fun and extremely knowledgeable about the Rockefeller family, the house and the art. If I had more time I would go back and do the more extensive tour only to see more of the art collection and the gardens. The Rockefellers sure did know how to live and also collect great art. There is almost a Picasso every direction you turn at one part of the house and some amazing unique tapestries commissioned by the family of Picasso's paintings. I definitely recommend the Metro North package for reduced admission on the tour and train ticket.
A surprising, refreshing, delightful tour of the estate behind the most influential business power during the Industrial Revolution. I think everyone that has interests in US History or the arts and museums in Manhattan - MOMA, Met, Guggenheim etc - should absolutely add this to their extended list, as the estate also has a private museum and art pieces throughout - also not to mention their strong support of the arts and founding of MOMA. We went on a Sunday with perfect sunny weather and had a wonderful day trip in Tarrytown after a short train ride up from Grand Central.
Took the Classic Tour. It's a very informative and well laid out tour and takes you through most of the downstairs rooms and the gardens. However, I was disappointed at how expensive it is ($25 and no student discounts). For how much of the house you see, I feel like it's a bit of the ripoff. In terms of the house, it is beautiful and well worth seeing, even if you have to feel ripped off. I personally am not fond of the modern art mixing with the traditional furnishings, but it is a great estate nonetheless. I will probably be back some time to take the Grand Tour in order to see the upstairs rooms. I am also planning on visiting Lyndhurst (the other large house nearby) some time.
Took the classic tour and it was awesome.  The tour guide was really nice and informative.  The grounds were spectacular.  It was worth the entry fee.   This is a must see!
Definitely a must-see if you are a history buff. It's like stepping back into the gilded age, and is the closest you will see to one of the American millionaire's mansions from an era long gone. Plus, it's a lot closer and easier than heading up to Rhode Island to see all the gilded age mansions from an era before income taxes on the rich. With the classic tour clocking in at 2 1/2 hours for $28 you get an expertly guided excursion of the main level of the home and the grounds. You also get to see the lower level of the house with includes an amazing collection of art that rivals what you will find in major museums  - Picasso, Warhol, and many other artists from the well known to the obscure. The whole mansion houses all types of art from paintings to sculptures to Asian artifacts dating back to the Ming dynasty or older, including the beautifully manicured grounds. Art is everywhere, and the collection is absolutely priceless. The tour also included a trip to the stables and garage which houses a wonderful collection of antique sleds and horse drawn carriages. The garage has an awe inspiring collection of classic cars that will blow you away if you are a car buff. Just ridiculous. The Rockefeller family has a very interesting background, as each generation that lived here had it's good and bad about them. They were oil barons and art collectors that amassed a fortune not even rivaled by today's richest men. One thing that surprised me most was the massive amount of money they gave away to charities and philanthropic pursuits. From starting up colleges, to equal rights, to medical research, to countless others it was staggering. This is a terrific mansion tour that is best done on a dry sunny day as the views are magnificent, and the grounds are something to admire. Our tour guide Peter was the best - funny and informative. He was like a comedian savant and kept the tour interesting if rousing. He knew his stuff and would constantly quiz us with trivia questions and award us energetically with candy if we got it right. Very passionate and we learned a lot from him. So easy to get to as it's just a short train ride to the Tarrytown station. It makes for a great day trip and then dinner in town on main street. There is a shuttle service from the visitors center that provides transportation to and from the mansion. We learned that the cost of the tickets actually goes to the care and maintaining of the shuttles. It's a good use of the fee, and totally worth the admission and guided tour.
Even though it clocks in at 3 hours, the Grand Tour, which goes through 2 levels of the house (plus some things on the lower level), the gardens, the coach barn, and the basement art gallery, moves at a brisk pace and there isn't any time for dilly-dallying. Sue, our guide, was great -- cheerful, knowledgeable, and you can tell she loves what she does. It was a very pleasant way to spend an afternoon, and for art lovers, it would be worth it just for the first class art collection. And, of course, you'll learn a lot about the Rockefeller family (for example, that John Davidson Rockefeller was the first American billionaire, and that he was a strict baptist, which is why there is no ballroom in the house). Note: no photography is permitted inside any of the buildings.
Visited today - Sunday. Although I have to agree about the limited tours, strict old ladies and a feeling of being rushed, this place really is one of America's treasures. There is just so much to see here that 2 hrs really does not do it justice. But then you CAN go again, eh. Take the Metro North from CG Stn to Tarrytown, then a 5 min cab outside ($7 for 2) to the parking lot where a shuttle bus takes you to "Ky Kit". Book online for best choice of tours. ps there is a lovely pastoral museum by the parking lot called Phillipse which is well worth a leisurely hour. Plus the cafe is quite good.
Sleepy Hollow is a great town to explore for a day trip especially if you live within an hour or 2 distance away.  Stop by the Sleepy Hollow cemetery & then take a tour of Kykuit but be mindful of the tour times at Kykuit bc they only run a few everyday. In order to view the house, you must take a guided tour and there are many variety of tours to choose from.  The classic tour clocks in at 3 hrs & gives you a comprehensive look of the whole house.  However, I opted for the shortest tour which is an 1 1/2 long.  If you have the time, I recommend doing the classic tour because the shortened tour was surprisingly just a quick peek at the house.  I guess with such a large house -- it takes longer than an a 1 1/2 to look around?!? Our tour guide was informative & gives you a thorough overview of the history of the house & Rockefeller family.  Their house is beautiful and full with artwork both modern & ancient Chinese pieces.  Apparently the original Rockefellers were quite religious and this "simplicity" can be seen throughout the house --- the fact that they didn't have a danceroom bc they didn't believe in dancing.  It's a stark contrast from the Vanderbilts' lavish Newport, RI summer homes.  The Rockefellers also have a vast collection of sculptures strategically placed in their gardens & lawns. A nice peek into the lives of such an influential family.  **closed on Tuesdays
Some associates and I recently purchased a guided tour of Kykuit, the estate that John D. Rockefeller built on a massive tract of land in Tarrytown/Sleepy Hollow, New York.  As beautiful as the estate was, the strictness of the establishment was really off-putting. As a photographer, I'm impulsed to separate myself from the crowd, only slightly, to take the shots I need.  When there's old ladies scolding me for not sticking "tight" within the crowd, it makes for a very stressful visit.  As well, there's no photography allowed of the rooms, which made it unpleasant.  Such wonderful architecture and I can't take any of it with me in images?  F-that.  As well, they don't show you the whole estate unless you pay for "the big tour."  I paid 23 dollars for a tour and only got to see the first floor and the the immediate grounds around the property.  There's four floors and a massive tract of land to see, which they wouldn't let us see.  What a rip off. Anyway, unless it's your life's goal to see the Rockefeller estate, the stress of visiting just isn't worth it.  Besides, you can't take any of the experience with you unless you're good at sneak-photography, which thankfully, I am. -E
Hands down, Kykuit possesses one of the most impressive art collections I have ever seen- and I've seen many. I knew Happy Rockefeller loved the arts, but had no idea the estate would be so impressive. My advice would be to take the Grand Tour, as it is the most extensive of the tours and comes with a pretty incredible course in Rockefellar history 101 (I made that one up). But seriously don't fret, as you will certainly get your money's worth. If you love photography, Kykuit is one of those places that can't help but lend you a great backdrop for beautiful photos.
Kykuit is the type of estate that you would expect from the world's richest man.  But the staff who works there today would have been fired log ago by JD Rockefeller. The estate is beautiful, and you can spend a long time there, as it is quite large.  There are many tours available, we opted for the "Classic Tour", which was 2 1/4 hours long, and included the first floor of the house, the gallery, the grounds, and the carriage house. My problem with this place was the staff - awful.  I am in the travel business, and if we had guides like this at my business, they would be terminated. We had just started our house tour, on a very hot day, when our daughter felt faint.  She needed to sit down, and get some fresh air.  So, I told our guide we needed to get some fresh air, and our guide said "you are not allowed to go outside" (we were less than 20 feet from the front door).  Needless to say, I wasn't going to let her stop me from helping my daughter, so I basically ignored her and took my daughter to the front porch.  Even the other guests in the tour told the guide to let us out. Once on the porch, another guide (a male with a thin mustache and beard) came up to us and told us to get off the porch.  I mentioned that my daughter was feeling faint and thought she was going to pass out.  This is where most normal people would say "stay here, I'll get her some water".  But not this pompous ass.  His response was "you need to move, please go sit on the other side of the house"  If I wasn't so concerned about my daughter, I would have thought to take his name so that I could call back and insist that they give this guy the boot.   So we moved to the other side, sat in a chair, when we were again asked to move, this time by an older woman who was so hard of hearing, I couldn't even get her to hear why we were out there.  After about 15 minutes, I found my daughter some water, and she felt well enough to rejoin the tour.  Luckily, there was another guide who was helpful enough to try to get us back to our group - but before we got there, we ran into the pompous ass with the thin beard and mustache. "You are not supposed to leave your group" he sneered at us, even though this other guide was taking us back.  I don't know who this guy is, but I would have liked to punch him in the face.  What a jerk!  If the people who run Kykuit are reading this, you should be embarrassed to have an idiot like this representing you.  I have written my share of Yelp reviews, and if you read them, most of them are good reviews.  It takes a lot to piss me off.  The staff at Kykuit, with their rigid rules, without regard for tending to people in need, pushed me past my limit.
Kykuit is only one of many Hudson River estates open to the public. If you like to "bag" estates with your travels, this is worth it for two reasons: the gardens and the art. Although the interior is pleasant, there are more spectacular spaces further up river. The lower level gallery, added by Governor Nelson Rockefeller, is worth (in my mind) the price of admission. Additionally, the Governor placed sculpture throughout the gardens, creating an outdoor gallery as well. The gardens are beautifully maintained and the views of the lower Hudson are magnificent. The inability to take pictures in the interior is typical...it would do the site's administrator good to make high quality interior images available on line. The docent we had was perfectly charming and quite knowledgeable. So, if gardens and art are your thing, Kykuit is worth a visit.
Took the classic tour of Kykuit last week with my girlfriend. The estate is large and the house is very interesting. The house itself has spectacular views but is not as flashy as say the Vanderbilt estate. Although I would mention that this was a summer house for the Rockefellers so most of the activities took place outside in the beautiful gardens or the massive playhouse. The inside of the house was moderately interesting but the exterior and landscaping were the standouts for me. If you are in the area I would recommend you check it out. There is a historic visitors center near the middle of town where you can get tour tickets and they drive you up to the mansion. Cost was about $23 per person for the classic tour. Some of the Rockefellers still use the estate at times, which is kind of cool. I wish the tour took you through the play house.
My boyfriend purchased the selected highlights tour, which focuses more on the outdoors portion of the museum. He couldn't have booked it on a more perfect day! The tour guide was very knowledgeable and made the tour memorable. He reminded me of the old man from Up! I learned so much during my visit! Be punctual because they are. You don't want to miss the bus up to the estate! Too bad you can't choose who you go on the tour with, haha! I'm hoping to go back for the most comprehensive tour so that I can view the upstairs too.
Kykuit, The John D. Rockefeller Estate, was quite grandiose, but lacked in taste.  For someone whose networth was $663.4 billion in 2007 dollars, I expected an otherworldly lavish estate.  I guess being a rich robber baron doesn't automatically make you a baller.  Compared to his wealth, Mr. Standard Oil was quite frugal.  I know that he was also quite a philanthropist, so don't take this review as a critique on him.  I just expected more out of Kykuit.  The grounds of the estate were nice with the sloped hills overlooking the Hudson. Although more modest, I liked the design and furnishings of Lyndhurst Castle, in Tarrytown, better. However, a visit to Historic Hudson Valley would not be complete without a tour of Kykuit.  I visited back in 2003. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ky… When visiting, don't forget to take a guided tour of the other Historic Hudson Valley sites: hudsonvalley.org
The tour guide and the property were really 4.5-5 stars, but I gave it 3 overall because the limited times of the tours and the tiers/types of tours. If you're considering booking a tour I highly recommend doing it online and fast because they were selling out before our eyes the day before we wanted to go on the tour. We ended up with the Selected Highlights Tour which focused on the mansion and the gardens and sculpture and lasted about 2 1/2 hours. Our tour guide Michael was fabulous. He struck just the right tone and imparted knowledge and answered questions without disrupting your enjoyment of the art and beauty.
Very informative tour and it was really breathtaking to see the grounds and inside of the mansion. Very easy to see that the Rockefellers basically owned Westchester Country at one time.  You could spend hours/days there just taking it all in. Really makes you wonder how one could be wealthy but not happy. I could only dream of living on a property like that. Unfortunately, the tours are on a strict schedule, and it can be rushed. You dont have much time to take pictures outside. I dont think you're allowed to take pictures inside if I remember right. A lot of art inside,  if you're into that. As for me, if I were that wealthy, I could think of better things to spend my money on. The level of detail into EVERYTHING inside and outside the home is just amazing. I often wonder just how in the world they were able to build all that back then, how long it mustve taken. I highly recommend the tour though. Unfortunately, you dont get to pick who goes on tour with you, unless you have a large group of people you know. Sometimes you get some strange people.  Had a pair of "Pats" with us, aka "SNL, could almost pass for a male". Odd to say the least and kept saying random weird things. One even kept answering questions the guide posed to a kid, and then would let out a creepy laugh when the guide would tell her she shouldve let the kid answer.
We took the Selected Highlights Tour. Kykuit is beautiful, but my friend and I found the interior segment of the tour painful; photography isn't allowed in the house and each room takes somewhere around 10-15 minutes (depending on how many questions people ask). The gardens are really where this place shines; photography is permitted in them, but even if it wasn't, they provide more breathing room and sweeping beauty than the house. It would be nice if a daily grounds pass was offered and the house was turned into the only tour-specific site--this way patrons wouldn't feel as rushed, and could really "take in" the surrounding environment (without suffering through labored discussions of the coats of arms on the chinaware in the pantry). There's plenty of space and it belongs to the parks commission, so this isn't impossible--but alas. I've toured Versailles, Windsor, Topkapi, and countless other palaces, and feel that Kykuit is one of the best American sites a person can visit for a similar experience. Check it out.
I'm a huge fan of business history and John D. Rockefeller is my favorite business leader.  Therefore Kykuit is a magical and absolutely inspirational place for me.   Even if you know nothing of Standard Oil and JDR or the Rockefeller legacy the Kykuit estate is still completely worth visiting.  The house is an amazing specimen of Beaux-Arts architecture.  The art collection is world class and the grounds are expertly laid out and beautiful.
Had I known earlier that such an amazing estate existed so close to home, I would have definitely paid a visit to Kykuit, The Rockefeller estate sooner rather than later.   The mansion is located 500 feet above sea level, hence the name Kykuit which means "lookout" in Dutch, and the views of the Hudson River are completely unparalleled.  This is a must-see when visiting Westchester, NY (Tarrytown / Sleepy Hollow).  There are a handful of reasons to visit and take a tour of the mansion and grounds.  If you're a history buff, or even the slightest bit interested in seeing how the most affluent businessmen and tycoons of America's industrial age lived and carried out their lives, Kykuit is where you will experience it all.  It's quite remarkable to be given the chance to even visit the home of one of America's most richest families that ever lived, we learned on this tour that the Rockefellers as wealthy as they were making their name in the Oil business, also gave away much of their riches to worthy charities and social endeavors and were responsible for funding some of the most important philanthropic work of the modern era.  If any of that doesn't awe you, maybe you just want to get away and escape someplace quiet and perfectly serene, then here is where you should come, as the surroundings on Kykuit will certainly make your jaw drop in awe. We took the Selected Highlights Tour at $25 per adult.  Though they offer a handful of different tours, we wanted to enjoy the outdoors as much as possible, and chose this option as it's focus is mainly on the opulent and magnificent gardens of the estate.  The added bonus was that we were in fact, given a brief, yet meaty tour of the interior grounds (only the first floor), before delving outdoors.  Our tour guide was a friendly woman, who knew a lot and wanted to share as much knowledge as she could fit in the 2 hour tour.  We saw incredible sights, both natural, and architectural within the mansion and of course, around the massive gardens.   We were told on the comfy bus ride back to the base (this is where you would park your car before taking the tour with the group), that the estate is even more gorgeous during autumn.  I'd be more than willing to find out.
Kykuit is by far the most impressive, interesting and irritating of the many spectacular mansions that were built in the Hudson River Valley during or shortly after America's first gilded age. The irritation has nothing to do with the estate itself; rather, it is a consequence of the personalities who built Kykuit and the guided tour of the place. Not that our tour guide wasn't knowledgeable; only that she was more than willing to misrepresent John D Rockefeller Sr, more than once, as a philanthropist. Yeah, and a trust- and cartel-building monopolist, a robber baron, whose Standard Oil engaged in every kind of unfair and anti-competitive business practice, very much as certain large firms still do today; and then, as the owners of such firms still do today, John D salved his oh-so-Christian conscience by playing the philanthropist, returning, as he saw fit, a small portion of the wealth he gouged from America -- because of course he knew better than anyone else how to spend America's money. But enough of John D's ground-breaking, precedent-setting work in personal-corporate hypocrisy. The Rockefeller estate is stunning, especially when you consider that it was built atop a hill overlooking the Hudson (Kykuit is Dutch for "lookout") that lacked everything including the topsoil needed for its extensive gardens and golf course. Everything was hauled up from below, by draft animal or by truck. The gardens are lovely. The hundreds of exquisive works of art rival those in world-class museums. I found myself comparing Kykuit with Schönbrunn (Schönbrunn is German for "beautiful well"), the imperial summer palace outside Vienna, Austria. The comparison was apt because, although Schönbrunn was constructed a century or more before Kykuit, it was most closely associated with Franz Joseph, the absolutist, highly respected, penultimate Emperor of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Franz Joseph and John D were contemporaries. Franz Joseph's empire was broken up by the allies, led by Woodrow Wilson's Secretary of State, at the conclusion of World War I. John D's empire was broken up a decade earlier, by Teddy Roosevelt's trustbusters. Schönbrunn is larger but it suffers badly in comparison to Kykuit. While Schönbrunn is much more impressive than Kykuit in photographic overviews, it is much less impressive up close. Some of the difference is in the wood of Schönbrunn, which looks faded and tired. The stone of Kykuit looks as solid as the day it was built. And some of the difference is in the gardens. Those at Schönbrunn are larger only if we omit the golf course at Kykuit, which we should not, given that it was terraformed, topsoiled and planted, just as all the gardens at Kykuit were, for a pleasant view as well as for the game of golf. Moreover, the gardens at Kykuit are much more varied and imaginative than those at Schönbrunn. But most of the difference is in the quality of the artwork that decorates these palaces. The Emperor of the vast Astro-Hungarian Empire apparently could not afford and would not tax his subjects for truly memorable paintings or great sculptures. The artwork at Schönbrunn is second-rate only when it is not third-rate. In contrast, except for Kykuit's lack of a ballroom -- its owner was a strict Baptist -- John D did not suffer any limits on acquiring and displaying his imperial wealth, certainly not in the form of great art treasures from around the world, purchased and commissioned primarily by his son, who also oversaw the design and construction of Kykuit. Today, the directors of the world's greatest museums probably would contemplate murder for the opportunity to grab, while blindfolded, the first thing they blundered into at Kykuit. If they were invited to Schönbrunn, all expenses paid, to select with open eyes the item they most desired, they probably would check their calendars for an available date sometime within the next year or two. I was left contemplating who was the better friend to his nation, his people and his fellow man. The American "philanthropist?" Or the Austro-Hungarian Emperor? After seeing the palaces of both, if I were transported back in time and forced to accept a closer relationship with one or the other -- well, I'd want to brush up on my bad German. See also our review of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area.
I took the "Classic Tour" on a beautiful September day with perfect weather.  The tour guide, Michelle, was incredible.  I don't know of many other places where you will have such a varied experience in the space of a couple hours.  There are spectacular views of the Hudson River, lovely and peaceful gardens, interesting decor and an impressive art "gallery" in the basement complete with original Henri Toulouse Lautrec sketches and gigantic Picasso tapestries.  I also visited the nearby Union Church, which is worth a visit for the stained glass windows created by Marc Chagall and Henri Matisse.  Both of these sites are well worth seeing!
Part of my "Let's Go Explore Hudson Valley" impromptu adventure, I had high hopes for Kykuit, maybe it'd be the East Coast version of Hearst Castle. Unfortunately, although understandably, the only access to the property is via 2-3 hour long guided tours. We did the modern art/cars tour, and it felt too contrived and compacted. It'd be nice if they could figure out a way for visitors to leisurely roam the grounds, though I understand the challenges of balancing that with conservation. I'm undecided if I can recommend you come and visit, as beautiful the property is.
Pretty damn cool! Took a tour here & I was very impressed with the art collection. There was an original Calder mobile, very small one, in one of the rooms & the temptation to reach up and snatch it was almost too much to bear!!
Kykuit is one of the more impressive mansions you are likely to see in the US.The setting is beautiful and the house comes across as a place someone might have actually wanted to live in as opposed to what you find in Newport. The art collection is interesting .In particular  the Picasso tapestries are apt to catch your attention.Picasso is a sacred cow of the contemporary art world and I think ludicrously overrated.On the basis of what I see here ,he had the makings of a good tapestry designer.Nelson Rockefeller put these tapestries along with a lot of work by other famous artists in , what amounts to the  basement rec room. I found that very entertaining. Our guide was excellent and the tour well run.I have no sympathy for complaints about not being able to break off from the tour to take photographs.Photographers are often self involved bores who inconvenience everyone in their pursuit of pictures.I've seen photographers virtually knock people off cliffs in their pursuit of some angle.In Italy one of these bores knocked off my fathers glasses. In Glacier National Park, I climbed a hill and found a Mountain Goat who I was free to observe until a photographer walked in front of me ,set up and of course scared the creature off. Yes restricting the  activities of photographers is quite justified.
This place is so worth a trip! It's gorgeous and the history is remarkable. Go!
Yesterday was my second time visiting Kykuit (the first was about 3 years ago and I vowed to go back & bring my Mom).  Both times I visited, I was fortunate to have excellent weather - I can't imagine doing this tour on a rainy (or even a cloudy) day - the gardens and the view are the best part.  Guides are passionate and knowelegable about the site, the Rockefeller family and the history of the area.  Worth the trip - you get a bit of history, a bit of architecture and botany, lots of art, and a pretty day along the Hudson (plenty of good restaurants nearby).  Also - the building where you park to pick up your tickets and board the shuttle is only a few blocks away from the Sleepy Hollow Cemetery, which is beautiful and also worth weaving into the day if you're looking to fill the day with other sites in the area.
