I really like jungle gym. My daughter has been coming here since she was about 4yrs old, she is now 6. Like most kids her age they run around the place until class starts, but they're children & thats what children do. (It would be weirder to walk into a room with quiet 3-6yr olds) After class begins they know they have to settle down and listen to the coaches. Classes are about 30-45min. They only change one day of the week into their fighting equipment and it takes them no more then 5min. My child has learned respect and discipline. I would recommend this place to anyone. The classes are right after school so its great. They offer mma classes for adults. I've also been taking the classes for woman called fighterella, they are a great mix of self defense / kickboxing / bootcamp workouts. You will walkout feeling like you got an awesome workout.
Fighterella ... :-)  This class is awesome. it has really helped me tone my body! coaches are tough but encouraging. They offer advice and inspired me to work even harder. They have also helped me with a great diet & they definitely know how to push you to become more fit.
I joined the Jungle Gym in New Rochelle about two months ago. I was tired of running by myself and trying to get excited to go to the regular gym. I started researching cross fit gyms at first and in the process came across gyms that offer MMA training. I wasn't even sure what MMA was but for a free trial I figured I could handle it. I signed up the same day and haven't felt the same since. I'm addicted. I've noticed a change in my body as well as my mentality. The guys and gals here are fantastic and continuously push me to be my best and strive for better. They have made me stronger mentally and physically. Besides being great coaches, they also keep me honest. If I haven't shown up for a few days, I get a call or a text to check in. I've invested in the Jungle Gym and they've invested in me. It's a great place and I highly, highly recommend it to anyone; male, female, young and old.
I started off just doing it for fun as a new activity since I had suffered a back injury lifting weights. I started off training once a week and now go at least three times  a week ( if I could I'd go everyday ).  It's helped me get into better shape started at around 250 and now I'm around 213 and still dropping and also been as a second family when things have gotten rough. What can I say great school, environment, and coaches I've been training here for almost a year and love it.
Jungle Gym has been a part of my life for a few years now. The thing I love about the gym that I think differs from all other MMA/BJJ schools is the care these guys have towards the students. Do you know any other school that calls there students if they haven't seen them training in a few days to ask where they are, or when they'll be back in the gym....?? To me that doesn't seem like guys in it for the cash....but everyone is free to there own opinion. The staff at the Jungle Gym are great guys. They love what they do and they do it well. More importantly the reason we all join certain gyms not because the staff is nice but because of the skill level the schools possess.  The coaches at the Jungle Gym are extremely talented and are always doing things to better there game and mine. Whether it be in a beginner striking class, a competition Gi blitz class or even an advanced sparring class the coaches always have your best interest at heart. If I get frustrated during a grappling class they are there to walk me step by step through a move, If I'm not moving as well as I would like during a striking class they give me encouraging words of motivation, even in a cardio class when I am slacking and want to quit I am pushed to do my best and finish no matter what. The Jungle Gym is a family; with a no man left behind motto. If they see you struggling they are right there to help you and not look the other way until you succeed. The Jungle Gym is my home away from home. It becomes like an addiction where if you don't get to the gym you begin to get withdrawals. The Jungle Gym has for sure helped me get into great physical shape. I have never been one of those people who could work out at a normal gym alone. I either get embarrassed people are looking at me when I try new things or just get on the treadmill like a fool for a few minutes and get extremely bored. If you are looking for something new to step up your boring old workout routine Jungle Gym is definitely something to look into. Warning tho you will without a doubt become hooked to the rigorous training sessions as well as the great coaches pushing you to your full potential.
I have trained in various styles of Martial Arts over 40 years of my life,  and until coming to Jungle Gym, I thought I was pretty well rounded. Well as one of the senior students had explained to me one day  "Jungle Gym is a different level". He was 100% correct, there curriculum is top notch, you learn real self defense techniques, that will work both on the mats, and most importantly on the streets where it really matters. They truly exemplify what Martial Arts are supposed to be about. At Jungle Gym the sky is the limit, if you are serious, and want to become the next UFC champ, JG is the school for you. On the other hand, if you are like me, and just  looking to learn real self defense, or just get in the best shape of your life, JG is the school for you. Jungle Gym New Roc, is a friendly, family type environment, where the coaches live, love, and breathe what they do. Do your self a favor and join today, and like me every facet of your life will improve.
The Jungle Gym New Rochelle is more like family. The coaches really care about the students and the program is designed so you can have great success. Not easy by any means but if you put in the hard work, you will see the changes to yourself fairly quickly both physically and mentally. I plan on being around the Jungle Gym New Roc for a long time!  Thanks Coaches.....you all ROCK,
