I recently went to "Chat" and thought their food was really good.  I had salmon and the sauce was tremendous.  That type of attention to preparation usually indicates that the menu is prepared by a chef who understands his craft.  Also, the atmosphere is very nice.  I would give them 5 stars but when it comes to my favorite pastime, eating a great meal, I always appreciate a restaurant that strives to provide the best food with respect to cost that's possible.  I believe there's always room for improvement in any restaurant. By the way, it's a great place to have a nice conversation with the other patrons.
My Parents live around the corner and I have been going on and off for years. This location while having the better ambiance (Especially in the summer - the outdoor seating on Chatsworth is fun!) is unfortunately fairly bland. The experience can be summed up in the following - the Burger could be interchangeable with any us chain's typical fair. You could get a better cheeseburger at a kosher deli. The Lobster Taco's are a redeeming feature unfortunately they aren't enough to offset the bland food. The Vegetables are okay as well. Unfortunately they TORCHED the rack of lamb my friend ordered (and he asked for it rare.) All the negative aside the waiters and waitresses are completely helpful and very nice. While I really won't go if it's my choice if I do go with friends I at least know the service side is awesome, oh and the drinks are solid. Cheers!
Chat always does a pretty good job. I have enjoyed their seafood jambalaya several times, and the other day for a quick lunch had grilled shrimp salad. The chef knows how to grill shrimp without overdoing it. Service is efficient and pleasant. Wine selection is intelligent.
The most wonderful garlic baked chicken I've ever had - great band "Who's Your Daddy", great company with friends - I'll be back!  Great waiters, wine and water refills.  Best bread going around - can't say enough good things about my night here.
Baked macaroni and cheese was ok, nothing special. The fish and chips were excellent. The pear salad had way too much watercress. The service was acceptable during the meal, but all the staff disappeared when it was time to get the check.
This location is intimate.   I was part of a party of 13 and they were able to accommodate us.  The management was pleasant and checked on us a few times.  The wait staff is patient Nd able to describe the various dishes without problem.  Everyone in party ordered something different.  The food was delicious and well seasoned.  Not one person was disappointed with their food. The night I went there was a live band performing pop hits.  This is a great place to dine but I wouldn't recommend it for very large parties because they will. To be able to accommodate in terms of sitting more than 14 people at one table.  Their seating is pretty much large round tables.  The only reason is didn't give this place 5 stars is because one of dishes had walnuts in it, which a friend of mine was allergic to.  He was misinformed about the presence of the nuts.
I have been coming here for the past 5 years with my family. It has always been on point, food consistent, drinks delicious. We will keep coming back here as long as they are open. Service is always amazing. My favorite dish: Lobster tacos- can't go wrong!
Love this place! Great for a weekly dinner with friends and family. Has very diverse menu offerings, from great salads, soups, to burgers and steak. Good sangria, too! They also will have live music on weekend nights (usually staring around 9 pm or so), and that can get quite loud. In the summer, it's also fun to sit outside!
Service wasn't great. Food was pretty good, a little overpriced in my opinion. The root vegetables side was amazinggggg, wish I could eat them everyday!
My wife and I were looking for a place for dessert, and after being turned away by a dessert place across the street, we tried here. Even though we weren't eating a full meal, they welcomed us in. I wish we were here for dinner, because the food smelled delicious!
Officious waiter which oddly didn't bug me.
Been here a few times....nice ambience outside for brunch.  The night club thing they have going on at night is just awkward to me but I dont like seeing fancy lights and loud music as I eat my dinner.  Maybe that's just me. My girlfriend went today for mother's day which is obviously a very busy day for a restaurant....however, there is no reason food should come out 90 minutes after being ordered....someone simply forgot to put her order in and it came out way later than expected.  My girlfriend had to ask the waitstaff at least 3 times where the food was and they continually said it was coming shortly.   The food was good....steak and eggs was a hit.  Salads were good. All in all. Food is a 7/10.  Service is a 3/10. Indoor ambience is a 5/10. Outdoor ambience is a 7/10.  Not our favorite for the price.
Disappointing meal last night. Ordered the rack of lamb medium rare, came to the table so severely over cooked that it was difficult to cut!! After sending it back to what seemed like the floor manager, another rack was served to me COMPLETELY undercooked, much so that there was no seer on the outside and inside it was raw, no two ways about it. Of course by this time my entire party (6 of us) had finished their meals. When I bought it to my waitress' attention, they took it back, then returned it to me having clearly just put my entire plate under the broiler. So now while the lamb was finally correct, the white beans and turnip apple mash were dried up unappealing. At no time was I offered to have the entree taken off my bill, or even offered a complimentary drink or dessert for having to return my meal twice. Again this was a pretty big party bill came to just about 500 bucks. I came away feeling as if I had been a nuisance and that the place didn't care whether my food was correct or not. The most insulting thing was the final plate that they thought would be ok to just "brown" for me in a broiler. This should not have been a difficult thing to pull off as it was on the regular menu. I would just say that in the future, when a customer is clearly unhappy with the meal, that you show a considerable amount of humility and concern. I can't say I'll be returning.
Chat 19 is overpriced and way overrated.  The inside has very low lighting and is very cramped, but the outside dining area is fun, especially if the weather is pleasant. The owners definitely tried to bring a piece of Manhattan to Larchmont with their grill.  The staff seem rushed and are a bit inconsiderate.  Service was also a bit slow.  Because of the high density of tables in a small space it gets very noisy and almost seems chaotic.  Don't come here for a casual, easy-going dinner. The food is average, but you can get good or better food for much less at various other locations around Larchmont.  The salad I ordered was okay, but definitely not fresh and I've had much better burgers for $10. If you want a very socialite, trendy dining experience in Larchmont, then stop by Chat 19, otherwise, you'll feel as if you've been robbed of your money.
A disappointing meal! The service was lackluster, despite the restaurant suffering from a surplus of wait staff:  three were milling about outside when I walked up, and every time I walked through the restaurant I had to shove servers out of the way to get anywhere. The place wasn't *that* busy, so why have so many people working tables? The drink menu includes an extensive list of "martini's", but nothing about the beers on tap.  When I asked my server (one of two who worked my table) to tell me about one of the particular beers, he responded with, "It's an ale."  That's not an acceptable answer, I'm afraid.  What *kind* of ale is it?  Is it an IPA?  A brown ale?  A pale ale?  I need more than just "ale" as a beer descriptor. Part of the breakdown in service quality here comes, I fear--and I'll try to be as delicate and politically correct as I can be here--as a result of hiring a wait staff that seemed by and large to have a limited command of the English language. There were lots of mumbled responses from them and "Could you repeat that?"s from me.  I've got no problem with a diverse service staff, but if you're going to aspire to be the sort of restaurant where waiters actively interact with the customers, you need to ensure that they're able to actually be understood. As for the food, it was fine, but nothing special.  I ordered the burger, per the other recommendations here, and it was tasty, if a tad shy of the medium I asked for. The shoestring fries were crispy and flavorful.  But I'm not sure the price is right, at least for anything beyond the basics.  $2.00 extra for sweet potato fries?  $1.50 per topping for the burger?  It seems a little steep for the quality you get in return. In the end, I might go back for lunch someday, just to try another menu item and see if the rest of the food is okay.  But this isn't one of my "must-eats" in Westchester.
A great spot for a casual dinner. This is where I head when I am craving a great burger and fries. But what I love about it is they also have great salads (for my wife) and all kind of choices (ribs, sandwiches and pasta) for my kids. Have a bananna split for desert!
I've been to Chat 19 a handful of times.  I always leave with a full belly and a big grin on my face.  It is my go-to place for a classy, fun meal.   The decor of the restaurant is casual but stylish.  There are a lot of vibrant colors.  I love the look of the wood bar with mosaic tile splashes.  My favorite accents are the large black and white photos.  They are from all different eras in time and work as great conversation pieces. On a few occasions, we've had the pleasure of live music for entertainment in the main dining room.  I really love the location.  In the warm weather months, the large front windows are opened and there is even the option of sidewalk dining.  It's a relaxed but chic atmosphere.  I often bring friends and family here for brunch when they visit.   For brunch, there is a diverse menu.  You can get a breakfast dish, salad with grilled shrimp or even a burger.  The table is always presented with a basket of warm muffins to start.  You have to dig to find the zucchini bread muffins.  Those are the best!   I always get a mimosa or two, and the Eggs Florentine, which is phenomenal.  It is served with a fresh mixed green salad and the house roasted potatoes.  Another favorite of mine is the homemade unsweetened iced tea, which is served in a big mason jar.   One of my favorite little spots!
For some reason, this place gets a lot of hype.  Maybe because there's not much along the lines of comparision within Larchmont. Their dishes are somewhat hit or miss.  For example, their crab cakes hit the spot, but their crab quesadilla is bland.  Otherwise, they have a good variety of American food, and good wine list. My waiter, Doug, was very polite and efficient, even after two bottles of wine and many courses. (It was a rainy day, what can i say?)   Decor is appropriate: red walls are lined with photographs of Old Hollywood stars.  Over all, A-OK.
If you live near Scarsdale town, and want some variety then this is a better food than TGIF but not comparable to the City  Limits Diner. Chat's menu aspires to be the City Limits Diner.  However, Chat still needs to address it service. Our server seemed to be in a hurry or a bad mood but either way, that is unprofessional.   He warmed up toward the end so who knows but as a customer, I should not have to lecture a restaurant on training its staff properly.  The uneven service seems to be a consistent theme on reviews. Prices are a tad bit more expensive than City Limits Diner.
My experience here was actually very pleasant, and the food was terrific. Our calamari appetizer was great as was our spinach dip...... Both very tasty. I ordered the special, Chilean sea bass and it was flaky, buttery and delicious. It was served atop arugula and apple salad which was a really nice compliment to the fish. My boyfriend ordered the braised short ribs which was also very good and the portion size was great as well. And I can't forget to mention the lemon basil martini I had was absolutely divine! I also had a french pear mojito and that was also very tasty. They have a variety of interesting cocktails. We were a party of 12 and the whole dining experience went very smoothly.
The atmosphere was pretty cool when we went here, dark and old hollywood. The bar looked pretty neat and the drinks were excellent. However, the food seemed just above average bar fare. We had the lobster tacos that for some reason felt ice cold (refrigerated?) and can't say we could find the lobster bits and advised our fellow diners at the next table to not order them. I had some sort of salad and my friend some sort of steak that arrived over-cooked. Overall the food was passable, tho I don't think the prices they command are of this caliber. Little too pricey for what it was. Either go with 1. A great bar with amazing drinks or 2. a great restaurant with delicious food. Both just aren't working here.
Atmosphere isn't my favorite and service is terribly inconsistent but the grilled shrimp salad is a standby for me. Absolutely delicious.
Greatly puzzled by several bad reviews - been here 3 times and had great experience all three times.  Service was excellent, atmosphere is great and our food was outstanding each time.  Drinks are good also.  Prices are fairly high, but seem worth it to me.  I highly recommend.
Love the atmosphere, love the waitstaff and loved the food.  Such a fun pleace to hangout.  I had ribs and all I can say is if you are a rib lover...........TRY THEM!  I thought they were cooked to perfection.  The bone literally slid right out and was clean as a whistle.   The desserts were amazing too!  Try the banana split.  You won't be disappointed! Enjoy!!!!
Do yourself a favor: don't waste your time.   This place is way overpriced and the food is not very good.  I had a dessert that was so cold it seemed straight out of the freezer. I agree with a previous poster that Chat 19 seems to be a prime date spot for an older crowd.  The bar is fine, but skip it for dinner.   If you are nearby, go to Encore or Lusardis instead.
I can't believe I'm even wasting my time reviewing this place. The food is disgusting (a member of our party ended up with food poisoning) the service is appalling. I don't need to say more. I will never, ever go back.
Mostly round tables with tablecloths, the place is more elegant than your usual burger joint. It pretends to be an american style restaurant, and it succeeds until you try the food. First, in my wife's words, the menu is all over the place. You'll get confused. They have burgers and spaghetti as well as lobster sandwiches, plus various Asian inspired dishes. The appetizers were barely OK, with the $25 tuna entree being less than OK. Small, lacking flavor and generally not appetizing. The bill was astronomical. I was with friends and did not want to complain but it has been my worst dining experience in Westchester in a long time. I had been there once a couple of years ago for burgers and they seemed good but this time was enough to never want me to set foot there ever.
Trendy little restaurant which has been on my list to visit for sometime.  Researching the restaurant and reading the other reviews apparently gave me too high of expectations.  My goal was to find a new casual spot which I could frequent.  However, this restaurant feel well short of my goal.  The wait staff started off rude and inconsiderate.  Then the menu had standard bar food affair; no unique or signature dishes to mention.  And finally further compound my frustration the meal itself was just average.  Perhaps if had had gone into the situation with lower expectation I would have been slightly more satisfied.
Great Atmosphere. Decorated like a NYC restaurant bar, but bigger. Casual Dining. A little expensive for a casual place, in my opinion. I had the fish and chips ( waffle chips were a bonus- 3 strips of cod) my husband had the jambalaya and gazpacho as an app. Food was prepared well. For the above plus one ice tea our bill was just over $50. Priced Trendy.
Service was a bit slow on a Sunday afternoon, but the food was great. I was skeptical about the "beer clams" appetizer, but we were completely won over by the fresh clams in a great white wine sauce that you'll want to mop up with the toasted croutons. My watercress salad with slices of pear, gorgonzola, candied pecans and grilled shrimp hit the spot. Note -- the appetizer salads and entree salads aren't so different in terms of size, so save a few $ and order the small.
Orderd 2 pitchers of sangria. HORRIBLE. Filled to top with ice got 3 cups of waterd down sangria . Charged 40 each pitcher. Manager was very poor with trying to make the customer happy. Sorry lost my 150 dollar tab. Service was decent. Food was nothing to brag about.
I went to this place last night and found the overall experience very average/sub average. The overall ambiance of this place is somewhere between a casino and trendy restaurant. Overall, I found it too dimly lit, and the decor tacky and obnoxious. The chairs were extremely uncomfortable, and the tables were kind of unstable. There was a cheesy lounge singing act, that was actually half decent, and not too loud. The clientele of this place seemed to consisted of mostly of older people going on dates. I suspect this would be a good place to find a cougar. We are seated quickly, and drinks were ordered shortly after. My lovely date for the evening, an attractive older lady by the name of mom ordered a glass of their house white wine. We both tried it and agreed it was not very good. It kind of tasted like watered down Franzia. I ordered a gin and tonic, and was not convinced there was actually any gin in the drink. Our meals on the other hand were not as bad as the drinks. I ordered their steak sandwich and substituted green beans for fries. The beans were very well cooked, and had a good flavor. They may have been the best part of the meal. The sandwich was good, but not really that special. I could have gone to the diner and gotten a sandwich that was just as good, but for $13 it really wasn't that over priced. My mother got a salad that she described to in a similar vein: good but nothing special. At the end of the meal the damage came down to $25 a person. It seemed kind of pricey for meal I could have gotten at a diner. I guess if I was 50 and divorced I would go here on a date, but currently I have little interest in going back.
Although this restaurant (and it's sister in Scarsdale) are often crowded, the food is just mediocre and many dishes are over-priced.  During our last visit for lunch we ordered a crab cake appetizer (one crab cake), tuna tartare appetizer and entree-size strawberry salad with spinach and ricotta salata, two iced teas and a cranberry juice with seltzer.  The bill came to $60.  Portion sizes were small and most disappointing was the salad which was about two handfuls of spinach, three sliced strawberries and two tablespoons of ricotta salata FOR $20!! Service was good.   Am not inclined to return considering all the other restaurant choices in the area.
I'm writing this review in response to all the obnoxious restersunters who nailed this fine resturaunt to the cross. If good and decor are all you care about then go to ruths chris. I find the food here to be very good and the waitstaff to be very knowing. So do me a favor and lower your nose and stop being so obnoxious.
Went here today for brunch and was seriously disappointed. They gave us a basket with various croissants and muffins which we were excited about  until we tasted them. The muffin was okay but the croissant was stale. We started with the warm spinach dip - the tortilla chips were stale and the dip was mediocre. My partner and I each got sandwiches that were pretty bad. The french fries were the only saving grace. The sandwiches were soggy and gross and then when we got our meals to go we came home and they put both of our meals into ONE box and didnt give us any of the french fries. Why would they not give us the french fries? That was the only thing we actually wanted! We spent $50 for one of the worst meals we've had in a while. Totally overpriced. Will never go here again.
Food was delicious. Drinks were yummy. Service was okay. Restaurant setup was horrible. My boyfriend and I went to Chat 19 after buying a Groupon deal. We shared the oysters. I had the jambalaya and my boyfriend had the sliced steak. The food was very good. My boyfriend also had the Pom-tini which was very yummy. Unfortunately, the restaurant set-up was horrible. There were at least four too many tables in the restaurant. It was unnecessarily overcrowded. At one point in the evening, we were completely closed in on all sides, which was not good at all - thankfully, neither of us had to go anywhere. It was also extremely loud. Since there were too many tables, you unfortunately got to hear all the nearby conversations. My boyfriend and I heard our neighbors more than we could hear each other.
I go here once a month and every time is wow, One of the best restaurant in Larchmont the staff is very friendly and attentive all the time, there is not been once bad experience so far I always order the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, has a good size and good flavor, then I order the slice steak or the filet mignon and is absolutely DELICUOS if you come here on the weekends is a great place to hang out and have a glass of wine.
My family and I love Chat 19. Food is excellent American food. Good for kids before 7:00 at night and great when we want to get together with other couples. We have been here more than 14 times in the past 6 years and the food is very consistent. The manager is always friendly. The decor is awesome! The best in Larckmont.The only problem is the wait staff wants to clean up the table before we are done eating. They even rush you when the place is empty.
Chat 19 has great happy hour specials during the week. The martini's are great and have different ones as well. The food however I was a little disappointed in. The staff is very friendly. They always have djs or a band on the weekend. It's a great place for parties or to relax with friends.
I came here for lunch with my mother and was impressed by the menu. I got a chicken dish which was really good. However, my mother  wanted a burger and they couldn't even get the order right. The burger came out way too rare and she had asked for medium. We both agreed, a nice place like that should have been able to get that right. By the time she got her burger, I was almost done with my meal. That was unfortunate. Also, I ordered iced tea and got a refill thinking most places don't charge, we were charged $9 for two glasses of iced tea!! The iced tea is served in a large glass jar with a ton of ice but I don't feel it should have costed that much. I'd come back again and just be cautious of what you are ordering for the prices.
Horrible service.  We've been twice and both times the servers seemed ill-informed about the menu and what items were even available, let alone how they were prepared.  Once the food finally arrived and was somewhat the correct order, it tasted good but I wouldn't say 'great' I wouldn't go back for dinner maybe for drinks/appetizers and low expectations.
Chat 19 is an American bistro located in Larchmont, NY. They have a nice sidewalk eating area, as well as Indoor dining. Their bar is a good size for the narrow layout of the place and there is a back dining room which tends to be quieter. As both of my visits were on a Saturday evening, I can attest to the fact that if you are seated by the bar you will have plenty of noise and bustling servers parading by. If you want a quiet dinner for two, pick the back room on a night when they don't have live music. The food I've experienced in my two visits is limited. On my first visit I chose lobster risotto. I make this a lot myself and I was not impressed with the Chat 19 interpretation. The lobster was meager and the risotto was bit chewy. What saved the day was the pleasant, attentive service from one of their waitstaff ladies. Food is foremost, but a meal can be made or broken by very good (or very bad) service. I ended that meal with the Chat 19 cake bites. It's basically vanilla and chocolate cubes of cooked cake dough with a couple of fruit dipping sauces. It sounded better on the menu than when I got it. Not bad, just a very small dessert that was also nothing special. My waitress made up for it by doing her job very well. My second time visiting was just the opposite. My entree was Scottish salmon over a lentil ragout with bacon and pearl onions thrown into the mix. The nice piece of salmon had the perfect sear. It was artistically drizzled with a balsamic reduction. The flavors were divine. They went together like bees in a basswood tree. My dessert was the banana split with a caramel glaze. Very substantial, but nothing unusual. The service on this evening was the opposite of my previous visit. The entire night, my waitress was missing in action. She seemed so overwhelmed by the job and made many mistakes. Some were small and excusable, like handing me a menu before my wife. Some were greater, like asking me if I wanted another drink and when I said "no thanks" promptly taking the half finished one away without asking. Also, they had an odd dessert special that night and it was obvious that my wife wanted to know more about it, but, she simply barked the name of the dessert a second time and walked away. She might have been fine for a diner, but not for a modestly upscale venue like Chat 19. In my two visits I experienced some of the best and some of the worst service, so I would advise basing your visit on the food (which seems more consistent) and not the service, as it's was all over the board. I'll be back to Chat 19 soon, maybe three times the charm?
This past weekend they had loud music on Friday and Sat night.  It was after 10pm and my husband has just gotten off the train. We just wanted a nice dinner and to be able to "chat" a little.  Even in the very back of the restaurant the music was way too loud to even talk.  So we left. We came back on Saturday night at 9 pm and saw the band set up again.  I said "oh, is the band going to start playing right now?" in a negative way.  He said "no, not until 10".  Ok, so we sat down knowing that we would eat fast and get out.  Well, the music started at 9:20.  So much for being able to have a conversation.  I agree with the other comment that this is more of an older person single scene. During our meal, we decided that the food is just not great or worth the price.  This place made us vow to eat at home more often because our own cooking is actually better.  The food doesn't have great flavor and doesn't feel like any fresh/natural ingredients.  I will say that I have eaten lunch here before and was much more pleased.   We have tried Chat 19 over and over for dinner and never leave feeling like we had a great meal.  This was the breaking point.   If you are looking for loud music (which was actually good just way to loud for such a small place), fruity drinks and single scene, then this is the place for you!  We are foodies and love fresh ingredients and good flavor.  I would compare this to be similar to an Applebees menu or TGIF.  There are many more better places with genuinely great food in the area!
What a disappointment. Three of us ordered three different items. All the meals were mediocre yet the price was very high. I would not recommend this place at all.
Well, very disappointed in Chat last night!  The service was horrible.  My girlfriend and I walked into a full bar with a gentlemen (who did  not truly look like a bartender, possibly a manager, which really is sad then) behind the bar who did not even say hello.  So we walked over to the only 2 chairs open at the bar and there was someone's pocketbooks on them.  They refused to take them off and the bartender/? turned his head as if we were not even there.  No recognition that we could not sit, not even a hello or welcome, just ignored us.  So we stood at  the bar and he threw two napkins at us and still turned his back and walked away as if we actually annoyed him.  Well being in the hospitality business and  connected with  a 5 star restaurant, I certainly was not going to put my money on that bar nor would I have sat down to eat. Although we weren't inclined to getting asked if we would be dining anyway.  No, I won't be back there again, and will defer my friends to want to meet there as well in the future.  To that bartender Sunday night, you should learn some manners and most definitely take heed about how important your customers should be to you.  See ya!
Beautiful place. If you can stomach $14 drinks you will have a great time.  The food is good and presented elegantly.  It gets loud and crowded on the weekends at night, but not bad during the weekdays.
Two brunches here and food served is good though not extraordinary. Both times I have ordered Eggs Benedict and today it came with two slices of ham vs the Canadian bacon.  Coffee refill was offered though there was a long wait between my finishing the first cup and the offer. Other brunches were also good but we are still left looking for something a little more ambitious.
loved chat 19 for years. never have had a problem with service or food always happy when dining here. great appetizers at a sharable size. entrees are great love the sliced steak order it all the time. not so crazy about desert at this place though. cant comment on the drinks but they look good they have a nice bar. a bit of an older crowd then you would think. will return soon
Good food. Nice decor and atmosphere. Friendly service and staff. Prices are a bit high, but worth it for lunch and brunch. also great coffee and dessert.
It's the first time I've eaten here.  They have nice outdoor seating, making for a pleasant afternoon stop.  Food was decent, service ok... Absolutely no complaints.  Its not a standout as a restaurant but I'm told it's an excellent bar.  I could see stopping here for a late night snack or happy hour nosh at the nicely appointed bar inside.  I wouldn't avoid eating here, nor would I go out of my way to do so.
Chat 19 is a great restaurant!! My girlfriends and I go here often and every time we do, we have a great time. They have specials weekly and the wait staff explains in detail how it is prepared and served. Sometimes they are a little slow, but eventually they get to you. Thursday night is ladies night which we love! It is a very live crowd but sometimes it's cougar city. But once again this restaurant is amazing and I will continue to return as long as our experiences there continue to be positive.
Love this place! Consistently great food and electric atmosphere. Varied menu. Service always on the money. Highly recommended.
It was open even in a severe weather.   The service was good, the food was OK and pricy.  I would love to visit there again when I have nothing to worry about - it was pouring outside and we were facing a major storm....
I live within walking distance of Chat 19 and have been there many times.  I'd give it a 3.5 rather than a 3 if that was available.  It's ok.  Sometimes it's good.  I'm surprised at the complaints about the food, I've found that overall, over time, the food is consistently good (with occasional glitches).  Not great.  Not even excellent.  But good.  Which is ok.  Drinks are generally also good, including the absurd variety of "martinis".  They could do with some craft beers, but not everyone has caught on to that.  The biggest issue with the place, as others have commented, is the service and the management.  It's not that they're bad people (although there is one manager I truly dislike).  It's more that, in trying to be "hip" (or something like that), they fail to provide a pleasant experience much of the time.  I have long believed that restaurants can be thought of in two categories: those that cater to the young, and those that cater to the not-so-young.  Chat 19, and basically anything else in this immediate area, is almost by definition in the second category.  Those that cater to the young must have top notch food, but service can be crappy.  But those who cater to the "rest of us" can have ok food, but absolutely must have top notch service and management.  Chat 19 = fail in those terms.  Still, it's a nice place to have a drink and a bite to eat on a summer afternoon on the cafe.
