Still can't believe that I get to live walking distance away from this place.  I already loved living in Port Chester, and I flipped when the Cap opened.  I've been here a few dozen times now - keep waiting for the other shoe to drop and to have a bad experience at a show, but it's never happened.   In sum: great shows, beautifully restored interior, mostly great sound (some acts give them fits), great lighting, excellent beer selection, great side space (Garcia's) to chill before, during, or after a show.   This may sound odd, but one of my favorite things about the Cap is the sloped floor on the ground level.  That is a HUGE plus for GA shows.  Unlike other great venues (e.g., the Bowery Ballroom), you can stand at the back of the floor and still have a really clear view to the stage.  If someone tall stands in front of you, no problem - there are always places to stand where you'll have room, because the Cap never seems to over sell their shows (glares hatefully at Terminal 5).   Very slight criticisms would be that the shows can be a little steep price wise (though totally worth it), and as other reviewers have said, the security can be a little heavy-handed at times (haven't seen that in a while though).  Neither of those take away from the experience however.  So, so glad to have this place.
The venue itself has been updated very nicely. With two nice bars, one upstairs and one downstairs. The seats in the balcony area are a little cramped. We've seen 4 shows since they re-opened the venue. Everything has been great except when we went to see Primus, one of our favorite bands. So, we go through the whole night, in cramped balcony seats but we were standing most of the time so it didn't bother us much. What DID bother us was the fact that during the last song, the BEST song, we were rudely interrupted by a security guard. This security guard insisted that my husband was recording the show which he was NOT doing. Neither of us recorded, it was forbidden. That didn't stop EVERYONE around us from doing so. There were so many phones up, you started to wonder if people were there to listen to music or see the concert through a glass screen. At any rate, the muscle-head security guard comes over and claims that he warned my husband not to record on his phone by "flashing his light from below." Uhmmm...buddy, this is a freaking rock concert, there are lights everywhere, what warning??!!! The security guard kept repeating "Warned, get out, warned get out." like some big, dumb, parrot. He wouldn't even let my husband explain that he was not recording and didn't even have his phone out of his pocket. The band is playing the best song and their last song so everyone is getting annoyed at this point because the security guard is disrupting everyone. I turn around and ask him to go away. That's when he says, "Sit down, Sister." Well, that's not going to fly. I'm not your sister and NO ONE PUTS BABY IN THE CORNER. I tell him to bring over his manager now. He then tells us that he's going to call the cops. I told him to please call the cops and have them come up here right now. I'm not some little kid here, I'm a 40 year old woman who doesn't take sexist crap from some meat head security guard with a chip on his shoulder. Finally his "boss" comes over and keeps pointing to my husband and tells him to come over. We ignore him. They finally go away. We didn't hear a peep from them after that. Stupid! You've just lost a customer who supported your venue since it re-opened, for what? I understand the rules, I have no problem with not recording the show. We did no such thing. We got blamed for what was happening around us, fine. However, to "warn" people with flashing lights from below is not acceptable. To come over and ruin the last song of the night from a band we've liked since we were 15, is NOT COOL. If you are going to accuse people of something, people who pay and support your business, at least listen to them when they are talking to you. Do not insult them with sexist comments and don't hire idiots for security guards who think they have power. They don't. The customer has the power and you know what, this customer will make sure to go to a different venue next time. I'm not wasting my time here, I have better things to do with it. There are plenty of great venues in the tri-state area. Until you clean up your act, we aren't going back. Unacceptable! TDLR: Security guard tried to kick us out during the last song of the night for something we didn't do and made sexist comments too!!!
I came to the Capitol Theatre to see The Strokes, but was totally bummed to find that the crowd was mishandled and we were all put in danger. I arrived at the venue with friends around noon, 7 hours before doors open. Around 5:30 we we're let into the venue to wait by the doors. There are 6 sets and the crowd was told that they would all open. Rather than put the crowd in lines or any sort of order, the management held us as a mob in the lobby, essentially waiting to stampede into the venue. I've never been in such disorder when simply trying to see one of my favorite bands. While we were instructed to not "push or run," the few authority figures had an obvious lack of control of the mob. I overheard people talking about fearing the impending stampede. At 7:15 when the doors were about to open, everyone ready to enter, the management made the bullshit decision to first, tell the crowd all 6 pairs of doors would open, only to then take it back, proclaim "my house my rules" and open just one set of 6 doors for an entire crowd of people. The pushing was insane (worse than it would've been had they opened all the doors) and many people who had camped out all day for the show were left disappointed. People who had gotten to the venue later ended up with better spots. When you are going to see a band you love and you wait all day for them (some people even waited overnight), the venue should work to help the fans have the best experience possible. Instead, many of us diehard Strokes fans were left without the experience we waited all day for. The worst moment was seeing the group of kids who had waited overnight get a subpar spot after showing so much dedication. The Strokes, you're awesome and I love you. Capitol Theatre, I don't think I've ever been so disappointed about the way a show was handled, ever. Create order, number the line, make it fair. We fans will appreciate and respect that.
Great theater!   I was so excited to hear they we're reopening the Cap!  I've seen about 6 shows already from, Skrillex to Blondie, EDM music to acoustic sets and they have all been great. The sound system and acoustics are amazing, the theater is clean and and the bars serve up some great drinks.   The crowds are always fun the music is always great and I go back any chance I get.  So far this year looks like a great lineup.
I've been here for a few performances. The theatre and acts they get are as good as it gets. However I recently saw a show in the upstairs balcony and had a terrible time. The ushers simply need to do more crowd control. The people in front of us kept going on Facebook and Wikipedia DURING THE PERFORMANCES on their giants smartphones. It was so distracting. We had to get up and actually ask one of the ushers to tell them to stop. They need to be trained to discourage this immediately. During the encore the ushers need to immediately make sure that crowds either go back to their seats or that they leave. They cannot remain on the balcony ledge obstructing the view of those on the front rows. I recommend paying a little more and sitting downstairs. Not sure why, but in the balcony section it seemed like every minute people were getting up to leave or go to the bathroom. I haven't witnessed this in the orchestra section, but imagine how much of a mood killer it is to see people leaving right in front of you during the concert, especially during the encore!!! It would be like everyone in a movie theatre getting up during the final fifteen minutes of a movie.
First time visit to see Elvis Costello - Very impressive music venue. Architecture kinda reminds me of  the old Palladium on 14th Street with a touch of Radio City thrown in. In addition - place is clean almost spotless. The Capitol is well taken care of. Comfortable spacious balcony seating The Capitol offers waitress service. Ushers are friendly, polite and helpful. When two fans stood in an aisle blocking views staff quickly asked them to move along. These things matter. Bar area upstairs includes screen showing performance so you don't miss a thing - another nice added touch. Surprisingly - on this particular show - sound was a bit off. Initially the music drowned out Elvis's voice to the point you couldn't hear him. As time wore on issue was corrected but sound remained somewhat distorted. Who's responsible for the mixing - Elvis or The Capitol? Keeping in mind this was a Wednesday night parking was not an issue. Pulled into a "Capitol Theater" lot up the block ($20) pulled out quickly  - home in 20 min. While it's somewhat unfair to compare the Tarrytown Music Hall and The Paramount in Peekskill to the newly refurbished Capitol there is no question management here knows how to please its crowd. Here's hoping it remains that way for a long time to come. Rock -n- Roll comes to Westchester - Love It!
Great mid-size concert hall! Saw Phil Lesh & Friends perform at the Capital on May 29th. The venue helped make the show even better. The house sound system is state-of-the-art, the drinks were not over-the-top expensive & the Capital staff were friendly & courteous which I can't say is the case at other similar theaters. There is a bar directly adjacent to the Capital - Garcia's - where an after party was held; no additional charge for admittance & live music was being performed. The Capital is out-of-town for me but worth the trip. Easy access to commuter rail station.
Saw midnight ramble band there ... Band of the late great Levon Helms Outstanding concert in a beautiful space ! Balcony tix were only $25 and there's bar service at your seats! Really great feeling in the place which has been well renovated ! Excellent sight lines ... You feel you're practically onstage !
THE WORST STAFF EVER! Me and my friends waited OVER 24HRS before door times to ensure the best spot in a sea of general admission. After roughing it on the streets we were finally told that we would be let in way before door times (confusing). Mind you, the line was much longer now measuring about a block and a half.  WE WERE HERDED INTO A ROOM COMPLETELY DISREGARDING THE LINE THAT HAD HAPPENED FOR THE LAST DAY. There was no reason for waiting a day beforehand because the people who had just shown up WERE NOW AT THE FRONT!!!! Still with medium hopes, we waited by one of the eight doors we managed to get in front of. After confirming with several staff members that "all doors would open" we decided that we might still have a chance to see our favorite band from a good vantage point. WRONG!!!!! Someone of a high position at the theater (presumably/SURPRISINGLY) who had been telling us our whole journey that we would get great spots AND EVEN UPLOADED US TO THE THEATRE'S INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT TALKING ABOUT HOW DEDICATED OF FANS WE ARE then announced to the herd they have made of us that if we ended up pushing, trying to get through the doors, he would only open one. ONE. Apparently all of us standing there listening to him equated to pushing because he was like "FINE MY HOUSE MY RULES" LITERAL QUOTE AS HE OPENED ONE DOOR AND OBVIOUSLY CAUSED SAID PUSHING DEAR GOD. After being stuck between humans and a glass pane door for a painful minute I then was able to make my way to horrible crusty gross stage left 6 rows back. A GIRL WHO DIDN'T HAVE A TICKET 10 MINUTES BEFORE DOORS WAS FRONT ROW CENTER HOW CAN THIS EVEN BE???? BECAUSE HIS HOUSE HIS RULES Y'ALL. If you have to go here for whatever reason, just make sure that you don't wait in line BECAUSE REGARDLESS OF WHAT THEY TELL YOU THEY DO NOT OBSERVE THE LINE SYSTEM. Yes I am writing this review drunk but I am a passive person and THAT IS WHAT IT TAKES SOMETIMES I HAVE BEEN HOLDING THIS IN. LINES, PEOPLE, LINES!
The new Cap is a great place to see and HEAR top flight acts. Main floor is usually open for SRO, and that can be a little tiring (and crowded) but hey it's a rock and roll joint not symphony hall. Acoustics are AMAZING. Balcony seating is comfortable and there is even waitstaff service for drinks both alcohoic and non-alcoholic. The grandiose lighting system can be a distraction as it is audience facing and VERY strong when in full kick ass mode. Parking is OK as long as Metro North doesn't close its lot, which they did when Furthur was in town. There is access via Metro North to the Port Chester station. Now...my only complaint is that the bars inside the Cap don't know when to stop serving obviously intoxicated persons. The last two shows I went to there were more than a reasonable number of falling down drunk patrons who couldn't negotiate the stairs without a gravity assist. C'mon guys I like to party but serving people to the point of paralysis is a tragedy waiting to happen. Plenty of good places to eat nearby. Neighborhood is (and always has been) a bit sketchy, especially near the train station.
This place is just awful. Me and three other people camped out the night before The Strokes concert and were the only ones who did that. Even though nobody started showing up until around 6-7am, we were glad we did it just in case. So the day of the show wasn't so stressful because we were the first people in line. The staff couldn't believe it and they were always making sure whenever the line had to move that we were always going to be in front of it. With about 2 hours until doors open, the staff says that they are going to let us all in earlier so we didn't have to wait outside anymore. I was excited about this. This is where it hits the fan. We walk in a line into the waiting room and everyone is told to move to the right so the staff could get in and out of the doors on the left (this scatters everyone).  They then tell us that the six doors we are facing (that lead to the stage) will all be opened. At this point, the people who were very far behind us in line were now even with us, waiting behind each door. I was in front of a door, but so was everyone else. My spot that I slept for has now become everybody's spot. The head of the theatre man tells us that there will be no pushing or shoving or he will just open one door and we will all have to squeeze through that. And that is exactly what happened. I don't get how opening one door is safer than opening all of them, but I am no genius, I am just a huge strokes fan who now had at least thirty people in front of him.  So if you love a band, don't bother spending the night at the venue. In fact, come an hour before the show and you will probably get up front because of this insane system they are running.
I went here for the first time last weekend and I must say, it's a great venue. The sound is wonderful and the staff is friendly. As far as bathrooms go, I love the setup here. There are only a handful of stalls, but they are unisex, complete with sinks, and the line goes by quickly. This is very important, I think, because I hate having to wait in line in the women's room because so many women have to re-do their makeup every 10 minutes, holding up the line, and all I need to do is piss. Anyway, great show, I had a great time, great venue in a really convenient location (right off the metro north track). Oh yeah, alcohol isn't too expensive, either.
I really love the decor. I saw Neutral Milk Hotel here!! This place is seriously beautiful. I sat in the last row in the balcony and the acoustics are great. Pretty cool little town too!!
I am in LOVE with this venue.  So much character, great artists.  Love that the bar is now open.  I've been to about four shows there now.  Great restaurants nearby...Tarry Lodge, Bar Taco...etc... + they have bars on the theatre floor so you don't miss a minute of the show- can't get much better than that! ;)
This is a great small venue, really perfect, and I want to go back, but the staff leaves much to be desired. It's nice that the bar is open the show since there's nothing else around. Our group was going separate ways, so we stopped for one. The bartender overcharged us, but my friend caught that. Then we sat down just long enough for the driver to get the car and they started rushing us out. Both older middle-aged guys who let us know they wanted to go home. I get it, everyone wants to be home, but it was only 20 minutes after the show ended, which should be fine if drinks were served after the show. As another reviewer mentioned, it would be nice if they accepted that a large part of their audience will come from Manhattan, shows could be scheduled earlier.
This venue is outstanding, and really has it all going on.  I made the trek out to Port Chester at the end of Dec to catch a show here, and I'm so glad I did.  It's a very historic theater that recently received a mega facelift and comprehensive renovation by none other than the Bowery Presents juggernaut.  Originally opened in the 1920s, "The Cap" has played host to several iconic and legendary performances from the likes of the Grateful Dead, Pink Floyd, Eric Clapton, Santana, Frank Zappa and Janis Joplin, just to name a few.  After decades of floundering, the theater was finally brought back to life as a regal live performance space and re-opened its doors in Sep of last year. The capacity is around 1800 people, generally with a GA floor and a seated balcony.  I was on the floor the night I went, and the sight lines, acoustics, and accessibility (to bathrooms and bar) were amazing.  It feels really warm and intimate inside, and despite the fact that I was attending a sold out show, it did not feel overly crowded or oversold, as is common at a lot of other venues I've been to.  In terms of getting there, there's a metro north train station literally across the street from the theater, with fairly frequent service to/from grand central, so it's pretty easy.   Overall, I really loved this place.  I definitely plan to return for more shows, though being out in Brooklyn, my travel time was significant and it's probably not the sort of trip I'll be making all the time.  Still, it's worth a look, and I can all but guarantee that you'll have a great experience there (as long as you have good taste in music).
We saw Guster last Friday at The Capital Theatre, and loved the space. Security was efficient at the door and the staff was friendly and kind. The restrooms were also very clean. The theater is right next to the Port Chester station on the Metro North and very easy to get to from New York City. Our one complaint was that the railings in the balcony obstructed our view of the stage. We sat in row A, which we thought would be right in front, but ended up being in the second section of balcony seats with a large railing in front of it. We were able to see the stage by leaning over the railing or sitting lower in our seats. Overall, we loved The Capital Theatre and are excited to see more shows there soon!
Ticketfly sold me ADA seats with no line or sight five minutes after being onsale. I had called before purchasing the tickets and was told by the box office " the ADA section is great. A separate section raised above the orchestra seats in front. You will definitely have a line or sigh." They for got to mention that are four rows of folding chairs on a none racked (graded) platform and the last roll has no line it sigh for wheelchair patrons! So I ask to speak to the box office manager after being seated; 1.) He said the the first rowADA with a view was sold just last week; really so your telling me this to piss me of more, as I should have been offered the seats during first day in sale. I made the purchase on ticketfly five minutes after on sale as stated early. 2.) Why did the box office tell me there would be a line of sight (per ADA laws). No response other then first row only sold this week. I told him the was between him and ticketfly as he is the box office manager. 3.) I ask why the last row on the platform was even being sold as ADA with no line of sight (when the venue has more then enough seating on the platform the meets ADA laws. The seat platform is already at the end of the orchestra and far from great seats at full price.) I will not even get into difference between full price ADA and low price ADA just more buyer beware. *box office had no response as to why I was sold tickets that did not comply with ADA laws*
Great discovery! I just saw Morrissey at the Capitol and it was an amazing experience. It's very old world and beautiful inside. It's a relatively small, intimate place.  The sound is great. Drinks strong and reasonable (by concert standards, at any rate).  If you're coming from the city, the metro north is a short walk. Worth the trip out of the city for a great venue - better than being crammed into Hammerstein or barely seeing/hearing anything at Terminal 5.  Seems to be a lot of nice Latin restaurants close by. Challenging finding parking on the street on a Saturday night. Looking forward to the next concert.
Came for Morrissey this weekend! The theater was beautiful inside. Best of all, I loved that it was GA on the main floor. I much prefer that to sitting. A stone's throw from the train station, which is perfect for parking on weekends and/or for visiting from NYC. Hope I get an excuse to come back.
great Venue,  Owners did a great job of restoring old time historic theatre. Saw Foreigner there,  great concert, good acoustics,  bar service and waitress service.
I wish this place would schedule its shows to end 5 minutes before a train comes. Right now, that doesn't seem to be the case.  Until I have a car, I don't think I'll be back. It's a beautiful theater, and it's awesome in every way possible. But, if you're taking the train back to NYC... you run the risk of missing that 11:30 train because the band is still playing, and then you have to kill an hour in Portchester before getting on a local, 1 hour ride back to Grand Central.
I really love this venue. It's awesome. Just my thoughts, say excuse me people it. It's common courtesy.
This histroric thaetre is beatiful and a great venue!
There are so many great things to say about The Cap that one could not even come close to having enough room to type here.  This. Place. ROCKS. The reopening of The Cap breathes new life into the Port Chester/Lower Westchester area in so many ways.  They've spared NO expense (I mean that) to make this place THE place to see live music.  From stellar sound, awesome lighting effects and cool HD projection system, to a huge bar selection of local beers, wines, and spirits - The Cap does not disappoint. Outside of the sound and lighting, one thing that really sets The Cap apart from other music venues are the people who work there.  I'm 28 now, and have been going to concerts in the CT/NYC/NJ for a long time.  I've been to most venues in these areas and I can say that The Cap has the friendliest, most accommodating staff I've encountered.  Whether its a sit-down show, or standing general admission - the staff is there to please. When you're there, walk around, look up, down - all around - you'll see so much detail and effort put into this place that you really don't see anywhere else.  The Theatre itself is a historic landmark that was carefully upgraded to the music palace it is today, and you can still see the the 1920's style in the trim around the stage and that which borders the theater's giant dome ceiling. The Cap is a gem - there's no other way to put it - and if you haven't already - you need to check it out.
A gem of a venue sitting inconspicuously on a street in Port Chester. It's been recently renovated, but in a way that showcases its history. The floor is GA with what appeared to be limited seating. You can also get seated balcony tickets -- the view from our 2nd row balcony seats was great. The sound was good if not perfect. They did a fantastic job with the lighting throughout the show. Definitely glad to have a venue like this in Westchester -- hope it continues to draw quality musicians and bands. Parking was not a problem. Hint: Look for free, available street parking before paying $10 for lot parking. We got a spot right across the street from the theater.
Not a fan of many, am a fan of this.
What a venue to see a show every seat is Great.  Nice intimate setting.  The Acoustics are phenominal, the place is newly renovated but Nostaglic.  Take the train, there is parking in the area if you are early.  Pre-show eat at T&J's two restaurants right up the street, walk there.
Great venue. Great acts. Great beer selection. And easy to get to from NYC. What's not to like?
The Capitol Theatre is a work of art! I saw Guster play an acoustic show here. The sound is great (I had seats way at the top)! There are a few bars located in different areas, making it easy to grab an adult beverage. There are plenty of helpful ushers to assist you in finding your seat and they are also very knowledgable of the Theatre. One even pointed out the music-themed wallpaper. If you look closely, you'll see Janis Joplin, guitars, microphones, etc. gotta get close though! this place was outstanding. Would love to come here again to see a show! There's event parking right around the corner from here, at the train station. Apparently a company rents out the lot & you can park your car for $7. Seems like you can find street parking if you're so inclined. Plenty of places to eat within walking distance (see my review on Coals).
The Capital Theatre has a long-standing and rich history, one I appreciate more now that I have visited this historic establishment.  Recently traveled here to catch the Trey Anastasio Band and was in awe of the beauty the theater still holds; from the chandelier lighting to the red velvet seating on the balcony, to the details of the multi-lighted ceiling.   Knowing that the likes of the Grateful Dead, Pink Floyd, Eric Clapton and so many more graced the very stage before me added character and distinctiveness to the experience. The sound quality was up to par and the stage lighting combined with the aforementioned ceiling lighting created a unique multi-sensory show.  General admission to the floor of this venue, ticketed seating on the balcony above where I sat.  A wonderful view I must say, see the photo attached. The staff here are nice enough and quite plentiful at that.  So plentiful and prevalent in fact, that I docked a star regarding their at times extremely intrusive presence.  Let me begin by explaining that I am not a newbie to the concert scene and completely understand the situations brought on by amassing a group of people who enjoy certain vices.  I also understand that security is tasked with identifying and controlling a variety of situations that can arise from this behavior.  But when their presence in doing so is so distracting and in your face, it is difficult to enjoy the show before you.  Especially when one such employee continuously stands in your line of sight to the stage by stopping for more than an extended period of time to look down at the crowd in front of you who has done nothing more than dance and enjoy the music.  Bright flashlights scanned the crowd, temporarily blinding me on more than one occasion throughout the night.   I have been to shows in similar sized venues with plenty of people being reprimanded for various activities, but never have I been so privy and unneedingly aware of their each and every movement throughout the theater.  I get it... you are there to do a job... just keep me out of it while I try to enjoy the show I spent my hard earned money on.
Just caught a Phil & Friends show here last night. This venue is AMAZING - gorgeous, intimate, great staff, fabulous acoustics - need I say more? For Manhattanites, it's an easy commute on Metro North (under an hour) and the train station is a block away from the theater! It just might become my new favorite place to catch bands.
Majestic, classic, rocking, right on for the "CAP." Saw Further, the grateful dead band with Bob Wier and Phil Lesh, at the Capital Theatre.  Thought I had died and gone to heaven (perhaps it was the air!). We are all so lucky that someone cared enough about the theatre, rock and roll, savvy entertainment, architecture, lights, setting, serving and service, parking, bathrooms, bars, an app to have drinks brought to your seat!  If you want to recapture your rocking glory days or finally start having them (you will see and party with all ages at the Cap - which is awesome), this IS the place.  We had dinner near the PortChester, NY waterfront ahead of time in an old brick steakhouse.
Just saw matisyahu here earlier tonight and could not be happier.  What an amazing venue-absolutely beautiful and the staff is incredibly friendly.  No long lines and we had general admission seats and were able to sit right up front.  The acoustics are incredible as well--see a show there if you get a chance!
Very Happy to see the Capitol being used again. Went to see George Lopez and the show and facility was great. Looking forward to seeing a concert there.
An exciting revamp of the old Capitol Theatre! Very modern and regal styling inside, clean, friendly staff and awesomely  big shows with great sound (and great shows with BIG sound!). Highly recommended spot for concerts!
What a venue! Definitely worth the drive out of Manhattan for a show. Love being inside this space.
I came this Sunday for a show with my daughter to watch yo gabba gabba, it was amazing the place is a old theater but has a good technology, you can order drinks from you smart phone without move from your seat, the staff is great, my girlfriend lost her cell phone and everyone were looking for it, at the end of the show they find her phone, it was great, I recommend this theater a lot is fun and great
A gem for enjoying entertainment in Westchester. All kinds of music and reasonable prices plus they sell all kinds of drinks - both with & without alcohol.
Fun ols school music and good comedy shows sometimes like George Lopez a couple of weeks ago
for me the VENUE is as important as the music...living in manhattan nyc we have SO many choices .....Im 45 and have been seeing live music in NYC since i was 17 and ive seen more shows than i can remember...........everything and i mean everything at the CAPITOL worked for me.........music was crystal clear -sound man was perfect volume perfect .......    lights high tech brilliant...bar staff   friendly  hip and on point......door people and security did there jobs they way they should............bathrooms clean all night........I took public transportation to the venue and it took 38 minutes on metro north from east 125th street....... station in portchester 120 yards from venue.....Had dinner before the show about 200 yards away  very tastey bbq..... to the owner and staff        Thank you for a real good time
This place is great.  GA floor, does not get packed.  Great views and sounds.  Best of all great beer selection.  Limited selections on the floor, but all still good.  No Budcrapper here. Cannot wait to go back.
Yes this is as good as it gets...  I don't write a lot of reviews but this place deserves it.   I went there last night to see Leon Russell.. not only was Leon great but the venue is fantastic.   The staff at the theatre was fantastic.   Not only were they professional but they could not be nice or warmer!!   It really made a great difference in the concert experience.... ( CitiField for Mets games is similar) ......I was shocked.   They were also very knowledgable about the history of the Theatre and encouraged  us to walk around and check out the entire theatre.   They are also only 30mins outside the city or a quick train ride from Grand Central....  the train lets you off across the street from the theatre!!!....... Why wasn't this place renovated sooner!!!!??     I have been to hundreds of concerts at venues everywhere.     This is my new favorite venue hands down.    Very impressed...    Thank you Capitol Theatre.
