If you're in a car, keep driving around for someplace better. If you're vegan for health reasons, they serve too much soy based products so avoid
I am not a vegan however love their "chicken" patties and the carrot cake. I haven't tried anything else but was impressed by those so far.
Great food, delicious, good selection on the menu, moderate pricing, friendly staff.
Jolo's Kitchen is fantastic! Delicious vegan food-- even my non-vegan husband loves it! the food is caribbean inspired and menu changes daily. there are always great meat substitues. the space is a little funky but don't let that deter you!
Tasty, seasoned veggies and mock meats.  I recommend the home-made ginger beer.  The staff was incredibly nice and made us feel most welcome.  I'll definitely be back!
This restaurant has an amazing environment, awesome music, beautiful warm hearted staff, but most importantly...GREAT, DELICIOUS FOOD!!! I am a Vegetarian (Might become a Vegan really soon) and I found out about this restaurant through the volleyball coach at my college and I searched up the address in order to find the restaurant. The first time I tried to walk to the restaurant but I got lost (I'm not from New Rochelle so I really didn't know where anything on North ave was located). So the second time, I called a cab to see where the restaurant is exactly. I brought my mom with me since she came to visit me at my school. She wanted to try something different so I thought about this restaurant. When we got there, the restaurant was full of diversity and it was a lovely thing to see. We ordered our food and it took about maybe 30 mins or less to get to our tables. I ordered the Ginger chicken (totally Vegan chicken) and my mom ordered a Kale salad. We also had our natural juiced drinks that was made by the chef himself. It was Amazing !! You could literally taste the flavor in every sip! Anyways, I really enjoyed the food there. It was totally great food!! P. S The falafel is amazing and its nowhere near dry. I didn't need any sauce or anything!
OMG!!! Its a party in my mouth every time I come here! My husband and I drive 20miles to come to Jolo's :) This is amazing inexpensive vegan food!! Highly recommended :D
Great vegan food, yummy lentil patty. Very fresh and super for lunch.
Good food, prices not bad. They replaced my order for free when it fell out of the bag, which broke from the bottom while I was carrying it.
We were actually was going to give 4 stars rating for this place because the food was good, plus the guy who was behind the counter was very nice, friend & polite until we realized that they were being sneaky with the price. The small platter (2 items) should be $6 like what it says on their menu but after we left, when we were looking at our change, we realized that they were charging us $6.50. We didn't want to go back & confront them for just 50 cents but that's just not right.
Went there last night - It was delicious!  I had the "ribs" and my husband had the curry stew.  Both dishes were very tasty.  I wish I lived closer - I would get takeout from there every night!
It's saying something when I came here for the first time yesterday and I find myself here again the very next day. Food is fab! The sketchy external look is deceiving because inside is a gold mine. Lentil patties are fabulous as is their hot food. Prices are very reasonable for the tasty food you're getting! Highly recommended for vegetarians/vegans or anyone looking for great HEALTHY food!!
Delicious! I swore i was eating chicken lol great flavors and customer service. They serve a variety of veggies and tofu "meats" they also have dessert. All good things to Say about Jolo.
Jolo's was a wonderful surprise. The staff are incredibly friendly, it's a nice atmosphere, and the food was delicious. Portions are generous and reasonably priced. As an occasional vegetarian, I usually avoid faux meat (maybe it's the goofy alternate spellings), but I really enjoyed the vegan ribz (if not the spelling). The super green juice was very good, although somewhat pricey. Overall, a solid lunch option in New Rochelle for well under $10. Even for omnivores.
Absolutely amazing!!! Had their vegan philly cheese steak and took a double take after my first bite- so much flavor and the texture was spot on. Even though the serving is a half sandwich, you will definitely be full and satisfied! We went to Jolo's the next day and tried other dishes- fish sandwich and surf stew. I believe they might have used seitan or something similar- nonetheless, was not disappointed. Juice: super greens- refreshing and tart! It's hard not to go back.
This place is AMAAAAAAAAAZING! A must for vegetarians, but especially vegans! I wish I lived close by so I could go more often. They should have a place here in Cali...hint hint :-)
It's challenging enough to find vegan food, but to find vegan food that's cooked flavor fully and right. This place is delicious the food is spiced right- 3/10 so that there's just enough of a kick.
While I've been looking for a replacement for Strictly Roots and the food is always amazing, I am sorry to say that I feel the past few times I've been there, that I have been well overcharged and in a seemingly slick manner. It's unfortunate that such a great little place feel the need to do such a thing but it seems to have been a trend. Will not be returning.
AMAZING! I left here so happy! There are so many options here and the spices and flavorings make everything unique and delicious. You can make any sandwich or wrap however you like. And the staff is so friendly and helpful. I love not having to go through the menu asking what is vegetarian :)
I like Jolo's--a small restaurant with a homey feel and a good vegan menu. I stopped in with a friend who is not vegan and did not appreciate the delicious black eye pea stew --which was fantastic! I had a vegan patty--so flaky and good and the tofu curry--the curry was fantastic. The owner was very friendly and welcoming. I'll be back!
LOVEEED Jolo's Kitchen! Found it on Yelp because I was going to be in the area and my husband and I are both vegan.  We had the $8 platters where you pick 3 different hot prepared foods. I had mock pepper-beef with mixed winter vegetables, okra with coconut sauce, and black beans.  Everything was very tasty and prepared deliciously. Very friendly behind the kitchen too! If I didn't live in NJ I would go back there any day to see what else they were serving.
I was not a believer in vegan food until I came to Jolo's Kitchen; however, I was looking for  a healthy meal and found nothing in my area. I stumbled upon Jolo's in a random google search and was completely blown away. The establishment is family owned and very well run. It's a small place, and  ordering while knowing nothing about vegan could be a little daunting for some. Jolo, the owner, manager and cook walks you through everything with a positive demeanor and friendly disposition. The food while healthy, is surprisingly filling, and leaves you feeling full without feeling heavy. I highly recommend this place as a way to get a healthy meal, that will change your mind about vegan food.
Absolutely amazing!! Had a tropical smoothy and the vegan philly rib sandwich! The food was excellent, great flavor and textures! The employees were so kind and welcoming. Great place to go relax and have some great food! Will be back!
Our second visit coincided quite coincidentally with birthday of Haile Selassie. Jolo was absent to celebrate this occasion, and his wife Tania was holding down the fort. Again, Jolo's has a menu, but there really is no point to it. Walk to the hot table and see what Jolo has made today and decide how big a combo you want. There is no point to that, either: you want the 5-portion combo (two "meats," three sides). I was graced with a 6-combo plate, with a bit of sweet potato and starch making up a portion. It's like you are at mom's when you are at Jolo's. Nancy and Audrey ordered a wrap off the menu. Alas the ingredients for that menu item were not in the house. So instead they got a wrap of one of the hot-table "meats" and were in heaven. It's like you are at mom's when you are at Jolo's . We three also split three empanadas, and whatever reservation I had on the batch we devoured on our first visit has been eliminated. They were perfect. I mentioned that it was not my birthday today, one what would have been Selassie's 119th, but that we had come for my birthday meal (my day was earlier this week). So Tania produced what she called a "raw" brownie, made on the premises of course. It was as moist as you can imagine, with chocolate, and chopped dates almonds. I'm sorry we didn't get to see Jolo again. But I do have a message for him: Take Tania out to Candle 79. She deserves it, of course. But both of you have to see that you stack right up  against what is considered to be the best vegan fare not only in New York, but perhaps the world.
Driving by, you would never know that a culinary delight for vegetarians & vegans is inside. They offer delicious combinations at budget friendly prices. Our favorites are the variety of empanada like offerings that are made daily and no more than $3. They are a healthy snack if you want to share or a quick meal for one.  Even though they do handle tree nuts for their shakes, they are deligent about food allergy safety.  They are one of our favorite go to places in New Rochelle. Parking is the only difficult part since there is none allowed directly in front, but it's worth it.
Jolo's is a nice hole in the wall type veggie spot. I ate here for lunch and picked items off the hot bar, as reviewers suggested. My food seemed healthy and was very filing and reasonably priced. My only complaint wad there seems to be a heavy focus on fake meat products, which I sometimes enjoy, but I'd also appreciate some simple, whole food options like tofu or tempeh. Vegetarian doesn't have to mean eating meat like substances, but its a good way for omnivores to be introduced to the diet. Service was very friendly, and helpful.
I loved all the vegan curry goat, so delish!!! My sister loved the bean burger she had. We didnt like the chocolate cake. It was like a black rock.
The only healthy food in the area! What are my options in this part of New Rochelle? Uhh.. bodega, another bodega, Chinese take-out... I could walk to the restaurants in and around New Roc City, but those seem better suited for dinner with friends. I love AJ's Burgers to death but it's a little far to walk. Chili Dog has delicious food but I'm sure it has a lot of calories. Jolo's is pretty much the only option around here that I don't feel guilty about eating afterwards. Now don't get me wrong, I love all kinds of food but sitting on my buns for eight hours makes me really reconsider eating extra calories. Jolo's Kitchen has an assortment of vegan food. Now I'm not even a vegetarian, but I just think their dishes are so flavorful and creative, that the meat isn't even necessary. I love their potatoes, and their ginger chicken, and their rice... Everything tastes just like how my mom would make it, that is, if she went  vegan. Their patties are wonderfully flaky and--dare I say it-- BUTTERY! I don't know how they make them taste so buttery without using butter, but Jolo, you must tell me your secret! The lady at the counter is friendly and helpful for vegan noobs such as myself. She answered all of my questions. My only complaint: Prices are a little high but portions are big. Brotip: Got a hankering for something specific? Call in advance and let them know, and they might  be able to make it for you.
This is a wonderful local vegan place to go for any meal.  Counter or tables, simple décor but the people are wonderful.    Family owned and operated.    There's always a good, fresh hot meal, though desserts are often in shorter supply.
wow!  If I could give Jolo's Kitchen 10 stars I would :) My wife and I came out to NY to visit family and celebrate our anniversary. We wanted a vegan restaurant for a family get-together for our NY family since many of us are either vegan or vegetarian. I found Jolo's Kitchen on Yelp, looked at the menu and just knew this was *the* place. We got there and the kitchen staff had the room set up and were busy getting everything ready. The food was so far beyond what we expected - it was amazing!!! Tasty, wholesome, fresh, healthy, HUGE portions and most importantly cooked with love. :) Jolo and Tania are *wonderful* people and made our evening at their restaurant a beautiful time for all. If you are in the area and want the best vegan food you've ever tasted then you MUST visit Jolo's Kitchen.
This is is an amazing place!  The place is clean, has a bathroom, and family owned!  I love everything about it!  The gentleman who owns it was super generous with samples and just a happy blessed man!  I ordered the "fish" patty, avocado salad, and the rib platter with yams and string bean vegetable medley.  The patty was ridiculously de-lish!!  I ordered 2 calloloo and 2 fish patties to go as well!  The salad was fresh and made with organic greens(mesculan), red onions, cucumbers, avocados of course, and roma tomatoes.  The rib platter was huge and was incredible.  I never really dig soy- based meats, but this was incredible.  The texture was super tender and the seasonings were on point!  my boyfriend ordered the chicken wrap which he swallowed down so fast, I thought they forgot to put it on his plate!  We enjoyed it so much!  I will definitely go there again, soon!
My first time at Jolo's and I see what all the hype is about. This is a laid back vegan spot with bar and some table seating. I think most people do take-away. They have a wide range of veggies, grains, and meat substitutes. I am not a big fan of soy-based products or meat subs, but everyone in a while, especially when I go out to eat, I like to give them a try. I ordered the fish stew. The seaweed gave it the perfect ocean/fish flavor. I skipped the grains and had okra and spinach - yum. There are so many choices here. I am definitely going to have to come back. I had a non-vegan date and he was surprising full (more surprising to him than me). He  had the chicken and broccoli, grains and cabbage. I think non-vegans can definitely enjoy the familiar flavors and textures of this vegan island cuisine.
I was riding my bike through North Avenue when I saw the big green awning reading "Jolo's Kitchen". When I read the words Vegan & Vegetarian I knew I had to go in. It's rare to see a specialty restaurant like this unless your in downtown Manhattan. I walked in and it was very cozy and warm. Tania, one of the owners smiled at me and asked if she could get me anything. It is a cold day so I had a warm mung bean soup with carrots & potatoes. It was creamy in color. DELISH! I also ordered a lentil patty and the crust was to die for!!! I also had a spicy red fresh raw juice of carrots, beets & ginger. I'm definitely coming back for more! Thank you!!!
Me and my mom came here today and the food was awesome!!! This is now one of my favorite healthy food spots!! Healthy food can taste GOOD!!!!   Had the veggie chicken. Their food is full of flavor!! Love it! Ill definitely be returning.
My boyfriend and I have been coming back to Jolo's once a week since we first visited. It was my second time there & his first, but was definitely never going to be our last. The selection is always appealing, with choices of perfectly seasoned veggies, starches, and proteins. My appetite is usually small, but I can finish a big plate of food at Jolo's without a problem! And a big plate it is - what a treat, he's super generous with the servings~ I also really enjoy the patties and I believe I've tried a bit of each one now. My favourites are the jerk tofu and calaloo selections - the exterior is crisp and flaky, but not dry. And the fillings are just lovely. I've also had the brownies there, which are moist and chocolatey and so tasty. Last week I had my first fresh pressed juice - apple, carrot, and spinach. It was naturally sweet and delicious and it felt so nice knowing the drink was so nutritious! I'll be back this weekend and many to come. If you're in the area, it's a must try because it's such a great deal on delicious food.
The food was amazing and I cannot wait to go back for more! Jolo was an absolute gem with a smile that warmed you as well as his cuisine.
Good vegan food although I can agree with some of the other reviews that most items on the menu are tofu based.  I try to stay away from tofu so I wouldn't order lots of items from the menu but good news is Jolo free styles his food bar everyday and you can always find veggies, rice, other items non-tofu based.  The lentil patties are amazing and there are vegan cookies and deserts.  Jolo's is also a juice bar with fresh produce and a good variety.  Prices are decent.  Very peaceful vibe too.  Enjoy!
Love love love this place! The food is amazing and I always get a good portion for my money. I dine there very often and definitely recommend if you want to have a healthy meal. You must try the mushrooms, okra or eggplant...my favorites.  Keep up the good work:)
The ambiance is ethnic, Rastafarian and Caribbean. The food is delicious, filling and doesn't leave you feeling bloated and uncomfortable; the way food should be tolerated. Give your body and palate what it deserves by taking a trip back to eden.
Great veggie drinks, nice staff and pretty good veggie dishes. The fish is frozen and could be better considering theres a small menu.
Jolo's is a tiny hole in the wall, the but food is fresh & flavorful.  Staff are friendly.  And it's the only vegan restaurant I know of in New Rochelle.  They have a variety of cooked veggies, whole grains like rice & quinoa, beans, etc. -- all with a Caribbean flair.  They also have soups, salads, smoothies, herbal teas, and fresh squeezed juices.  Only two reasons they don't get 5 stars -- too many faux meats and not all the food is organic.
Came here on the way from Boston to Maryland. The owner is a great person who takes great care preparing his food. It's totally home cooking. Quality and delicious. Everything is fresh. I had beans with tofu, brown rice with veggies and spinach. Also I had this flakey patty that tasted like fish. Highly recommended. A good kid. Plays great rhasta music too!
Jolos kitchen is a vegans best friend. I am not a vegan or a vegetarian, but I love the food that Mr jolo prepares! I honestly cannot taste the difference between his "meat" and real meat! Mr jolo and his wife are the most friendly people you will meet and they will make you feel welcome everytime
I found this spot with a random search. Glad i did. Will definitely be back. I may not have to go all the way to Brooklyn for a good pattie now. The jerk tofu pattie was on point! The Ackee pattie was awesome. I also had the vegan ginger chicken with veggies; which was also a winner.
bonfire! vegan duck
A real homey down to earth place.  Would you give your mom or dad anything less than 5 stars?  It almost feels as if you're at home being served.  It has that feel.  Food is fresh and tastes great!  When you want to relax and eat the right foods that will power your body and be served like it was a family member feeding you, then come here to eat.
I LOVE this place!  I have never ordered off the menu because the hot food is amazing.  I always get the combo meal- 1 mock meat 2 veggie sides.  The portion size is generous.  I typically do not eat mock meat, but the way it is prepared here makes me coming back for more.  The veggies are deliciously seasoned.  I have never been disappointed with food.   I have also gotten fresh veggie juice and the jerk tofu patties- all delicious.  The service is always great and everyone is incredibly friendly.
Quinoa rice was awesome along with Potato noodles, Veggie rib, Veggie chicken nuggets, plantain, and Color green. All was so tasty. Hot pepper was real spicy as we like it. I liked veggie chicken patties but not so much jerk tofu. Overall we were quite impressed with food as non-vegan eaters. They don't have menu so don't expect it but the best bet is to leave it to the chef and the hostess and they will take care of you.   Fan but no A/C so expect to be somewhat hot but we didn't mind.  BTW, they opened at 1PM on Saturday.
A bit small, but awesome awesome food!
This place has amazing vegetarian dishes...I have friends who all eat meat and love this place!  Everyday they have new dishes, so you can never get sick of this place.  They make the fake meat taste just like real meat with really good spices and veggies mixed in! I would def go there again.
So delicious! The staff is very nice and this is the best vegan food I've had in Westchester.
