To preface, I'm from California and have been eating Mexican food all my life, and I would say this place is easily top three, if not the best. One thing I like about this place is it's a family run restaurant, and the family is from southern Mexico, so the food has a slight twist on what we are used to for northern Mexican food in the US. My friends and I have gotten the enchiladas and fajitas which were both delicious. I must say the crowd absolute-favorite though is the Diablo with asada. It's a bit spicy but one of my all time favorite Mexican dishes I have experienced. They also often bring out a little bean and cheese quesadilla por gratis as an appetizer, which is a great touch of home. Horchata is also on point. Words of wisdom are that this place does close a bit early, I think 8 or 830 during the week so make sure to get there early, it's worth it!
Finally!!!! I have been looking for authentic Mexican for ages and this is really it! Forget all the fancy places in the city and the tired suburban sprawlers. This place is small and the real deal. You might be intimidated at first with not knowing what to order and the language barrier, however they are most helpful and will make you comfortable. I had three tacos which was plenty filling. I was really happy to see that they also had real spice and offered green chilies if required. There isn't much room to sit but if you wait something will open up. It's my new go to place for Mexican food.
Love it. Quintessential taquería. Very good tacos al pastor, though mine came with beans on them? Never seen that before and would have preferred it without. Quick and friendly. Would be five stars if they served beer.
Lies! Not even close to California Burrito!!! Real California burritos, especially ones made in San Diego, are made with homemade tortillas, freshly grilled marinated steak that is juicy, homemade guacamole, and fresh pico de gallo(fresh cilantro, tomatoes, and onions). Also, they never have cheese and meat outside the burrito. Burritos are meant to be hand held not eaten with a fork. Everything about the burritos made here are wrong. There shouldn't be beans or rice in the burrito either.
I like the hot sauce they have. Some dishes are a bit pricey for what you get. Not bad, still looking for the right spot on union.
Hell yeah, the Yelp reviews were spot on for this place! Great find. My chick, who is the biggest Mexican food snob had only praises for the place. As for me, all I can say is that everything was fresh, well made, simple, and authentic. We got a few kinds of tacos, a burrito, and these deep fried thin rolled corn tortillas filled with chicken and everything was out of this world. Service was great. Our waitress was really fast and quite friendly to. When our kid dropped her pacifier she grabbed it off the floor and washed it for us without flinching. Also, the cook came out to have a chat and she couldn't have been nicer. Apparently the family that owns the place makes everything from scratch on site. Pretty cool. I should mention that there are only 3 or 4 tables, so if you go during prime time there will probably be a wait. Also, it's cash only! That aside, this is probably the best Mexican food you'll find in Westchester. Check it out!
I found this place on Yelp. It had a lot of 5-star reviews so I decided to give it a try. Burrito costs $12, which I think is a bit pricey for a take out. I probably wont be coming back as there are two other Mexican take outs in the area I like better. Staff were very friendly though.
Best taco joint in the area.  I love their food, the authentic ambiance, and the prices can't be beat.  Definitely a place the locals hang out.
You will not be disappointed. Amazing food, fantastic service! Possibly the best Mexican food in the Westchester County area.
Well, I've been back three times for takeout because it's just that good.  Food is so fresh and portions are huge.  Birria burrito is the best!!!
My new FAVORITE spot to eat!!!!! The service is absolutely AMAZING!!!! Friendly staff and wonders make you feel like you are at home. The place is quaint, clean, neat and the food is TO DIE FOR!!!!! Don't hesitate to stop by here and try anything at all.  I promise you will love it!!, Will be back often!
This place right here is a gem! A diamond in the concrete jungles of New Ro. I ordered three tacos; Lengua, Asada and Pollo. Delicious! Fresh tortillas, the meat was tasty and cilantro and onions were fresh. We also ordered the Guacamole and it was fresh and creamy. The service was great. Fast and friendly. The best part is that you actually see this family cooking your food. You definitely feel the love. Not only do I recommend this place but I say you make this your "it spot" for Mexican cuisine.  I plan on trying everything they have.
YUMMMY UMAMI GOODNESS. The best around. Working in New Rochelle there is literally nothing decent around for lunch until I stumbled upon this place. I go at least once a week. And the prices are unbeatable. Also, when you order they give you a tortilla filled with delicious chili. Just overall amazing. I loved everything I tried. Nothing disappointed. Nothing. Its a family run business and they have the best service. I was a dollar short and the girl saw that I was a regular and let me go. I can go on and on raving about this place. I say if you like fresh authentic Mexican for an amazing price Tecalitlan is the place for you.
After you get over the sketchy neighborhood and find a parking spot, it's amazing! The restaurant is pretty small, like 4 or 5 tables, but the food is so authentic and delicious, I'm so glad we went!! We went with kids...usually we order the chicken casedilla, usually so processed and bland...but not here! It was so good, I barely saved any for the kids! I had a variety of tacos, my husband had the chilles rellenos, the sauce on that was to die for! I will be returning here soon!
We went to this place because of the yelp reviews and because we were in the area; lucky us! Staff was so friendly and welcoming; food was great, portions were generous. This unassuming, family owned little spot is definitely on our "must go again" list.
Hidden gem.  They also run a taco truck in a community park nearby.  In either location, I have to say, this is the best Mex food I have found east of Arizona. I judge sit-down Mex by the quality of the chile relleno.  Tecalitlan makes a killer relleno. To those seeking a "nice" atmosphere and kick-ass service.  Tecalitlan is a 5 table dive with authentic food.  If you're looking for tequila with lots of fruit - don't come here. Excellent chips and salsa.  Meanwhile, back at the taco truck, Mrs G and I were the only non-Mex people ordering and eating these authentic tacos.  Everyone else was smiling and speaking Spanish.
Tecalitlàn is the best authentic Mexican restaurant in Westchester. There's not a single thing I wouldn't recommend on the menu. Tacos, enchiladas, coctel, menudo, birria, I could go on and on. Every time we're in town we have to stop by this plce more than once. twice, even three times. What are you waiting for? Go on now.
Great tacos. Fresh cilantro. Friendly service. This is a hidden treasure in New Rochelle on Union Avenue. I come here for lunch once a week for takeout. The prices are good, too.
One word Fantastic!!! This Place has some of the Best Mexican Food I have ever had outside of Mexico. Tiny place in the west end of New Rochelle this place only has 5 tables and a small counter space. Family run so you know its good. I go there about once or twice a month and its always Packed with locals (local Mexican Population) their is not a lot of English spoken here but don't be discouraged this place is worth the Trip, Try it you won't be sorry.
Tiny gem that really impressed. I walked in hesitantly and found it filled with families enjoying their meals and decided to give it a chance. BISTEC MOJO DE AJOS (drowned in garlic??) was incredible, as was the burrito my partner had. Kind service, reasonable prices, highly recommended.
