The services at Excuria are worth the drive from downtown Buffalo.  When walking in for the first time, you might feel that this is just another Williamsville hair salon. Just wait. The moment you exit the salon area and enter the spa area, you'll feel as if you've been magically transported somewhere else.  The massages, facials and waxing are all wonderful. The environment is peaceful.  The locker rooms are comfortable, clean and pretty.   Excuria feels the way that a spa should.  All in all, it's easy to relax here. However, relaxation comes with a price tag.  A pedicure will set you back $45 and a massage costs at least double that. Every once in a while I justify splurging on these services because I can factor in the complimentary wine which could cost me between $5-10 a pop at a bar. "It's a deal," I say to myself as I throw back a glass or two while having my feet scrubbed and painted.  On the other hand, most of the time, I am not delusional enough to describe my visits to Excuria as "a deal".   While the quality is top notch and I've never met a service I didn't like here (with the exception of a make up application that came as part of a spa package-- it was a waste), this is a "special occasion" type of place.  There are many other places in Buffalo that are more centrally located and more affordable for manicures, pedicures, etc.   With that being said, if money wasn't an issue, I'd be a regular here in a heartbeat!
Excuria: PLEASE change your automated phone greeting. The woman's voice says, "Thank you for calling Excuria Salon" then, a long pause......long enough for the caller to think they've reached a live person and start speaking....only then does one realize that it was not a live voice, but, a recorded one. It's ridiculous. You need to shorten the time between that initial greeting and the automated options.
If you are looking to have nails done with perfection, book an appointment with Sarah B!!!  She's great to talk with and she always makes sure that you have a relaxing mani / pedi.
Got a haircut here few days ago. This place is amazing, feels like nyc salon and spa. Its three floors and very high end. Staff was very attentive and friendly. They have refeshing lemon water, tea and coffee selection in the waiting area. My stylist was great and kept up a good conversation. I also like the fact that they have such great work hours. I work till late night and everything else is closed early. This place is great for that. Also, loved the massage and facial rooms. I heard great things about it,so planning to book that for my wife and I for next time. It is a pricey place, but you really get what u pay for here.
I have been a client of Excuria's since I moved to Williamsville in 2009. I love the services and always coming out feeling relaxed and pampered. I recommend Excuria to all my friends and family. I never have any complaints. They also did an amazing job when I came in for my wedding hair and make-up. Becca and Shaun made me look and feel amazing, and I love Sarah B! Jessica is also amazing too with her fabulous nail art! I have nothing but wonderful things to say about Excuria. They go above and beyond every time!
Impressed and amazed! In my opinion; to adequately review a day spa you must go for a full day experience :) I had a body scrub, hot stone massage, pedicure, lunch, under arm wax, and facial. All of my services were great and the attendants were very nice and accommodating throughout the entire process - including the coordinating and scheduling of my many services. My favorite service was definitely the facial! The Eminence Organics product line that they use is genuinely the best of it's kind on the market. The simple fact that Excuria has selected this product says a lot about them as a beauty establishment. After my facial, my face felt so refreshed and hydrated; I will certainly be back for another!! The women's locker rooms were beautiful, relaxing, and girly (just as you'd expect from a day spa). The steam shower is definitely a must try, please make sure you make time for one! I genuinely must say that what put the seal on the envelope for me was the spa lunch. They have a great variety to choose from. Usual spa lunches are quite flimsy, however, we had the Chicken Pasta which was delicious and quite filling! I think that the pricing and quality of services were great. Especially for the Buffalo, NY area. Among the many imposters in the Buffalo, NY area that call themselves a "Day Spa", I was so refreshed to find Excuria who provided a high quality, very classy, and TRUE day spa experience. If you are looking for a classy & elegant full service day spa in our area I would highly suggest this place!
I also Wish to comment on Tim W's review. I was also in the nail salon With my daughter (read other comment from Leigh Ann). That there was someone's husband standing the whole time we were getting our mani's holding a baby in a not too spacious area was very irritating to me! She is a cute baby, but I echo the whole eating cookies on the floor, bumping her head and crying irritation as well. I want to relax during my time there, not deal with insecure husbands/parents/screaming kids! SO I COMPLAINED!!!! Get over it! Go to the park with the baby! It's a block away but don't encroach on my time then badmouth a business, that  was more than polite to you, they do have to take everyone else into consideration and......I VOTE NO!!!!!!! I am in that salon 2-4 times a month and have never had a complaint since my first visit in 2006. I think, the staff is wonderful and I enjoy my visits, I suggest you use the money you are saving on Pedis and get some therapy. If you cant be away from your wife for an hour I see a bigger issue than your screaming baby. It's too small of an area to accommodate you standing there, you ARE in the way and, the baby DOES cry!!  Please dear GOD do ME a favor and go somewhere else!
I love getting my hair cut at Excuria, but the last time I was there the woman who cashed me out was so incredibly rude. I always have such a great experience getting my hair cut and styled, but I usually walk out of there feeling like I did something wrong. If I didn't like my stylist so much I wouldn't go back.
I chose to go here well aware that Williamsville is jam packed full of little day spas and salons, because I had heard lots of great things of this place. But I hate to say it, I wasn't impressed and I felt over-all that it was much over-priced for what I've received. My first time going here I took my man for his first ever pedicure. Believe it or not he enjoys getting pampered (getting facials every now and then) so he went willingly. I wanted to make sure that it was enjoyable so he'd want to go back more often with me so I chose their "Ultimate Pedicure" package. Their ultimate pedicure is described as " an essential pedicure plus a leg exfoliation, callus softening treatment, hydrating clay leg mask with hot towels, and a paraffin wax foot treatment with heated booties.. When we arrived for our appointment, we waited a few minutes before being led back to a busy, small room dedicated to pedicures. If I recall, about 6 massage chairs lined two of the walls. To be honest, I felt almost claustrophobic with the small room and each chair filled, plus the nail techs. We were offered a complementary beverage [cranberry juice and ice] and started our foot soak in the tubs. The pedicures continued and it felt pretty standard to every place I've ever gone before. At another nail salon I frequent in the area, I usually add the paraffin treatment for an addition four dollars, so having this treatment in this package really wasn't anything out of the ordinary to me... although a nice addition. The foot and calf massage with the lotion application seemed very sub-par to me. To my man and I both, it felt like the lotion was smoothed into our skin and did little for our sore muscles and feet. Also, it seemed rather rushed as well. Both our nail techs seemed rather unfriendly and were there because it was their jobs and not because they actually enjoy doing it. At least that's the vibe we received. The nail polish application (for myself) was done nicely but nothing out of the ordinary.   We then paid our bill- $116 total, plus the tip for each of the nail techs. I knew this was extremely high for two pedicures, but I was expecting it to be worth it and I was disappointed. For $22 at a nail salon on Transit Avenue, I can get a spa pedicure with paraffin treatment, massage and moisture treatment + the polish. I'd rather do this than get the 40 cents of cranberry juice and ice and the day spa name complete with over-crowded room and a less than average spa pedicure for over twice as much. So, my man wasn't impressed and he won't go back for a spa pedicure at this location. But I went back another time for a eye brow wax. It was not crowded on the day of my appointment and I was led upstairs by a front desk staff employee (who was very nice) to the nicely decorated waiting area. I waited over ten minutes (which I think is very excessive for having an appointment and no other customers around) before the aesthetician started my wax. The aesthetician was somewhat friendly with here and there small talk. The overall wax was pretty standard. I felt that the wax was a bit hotter than it needed to be (as I have had many done before at other places) and I ended up very red. Comparing this wax to others I've had it was average but I paid more than at other places. Again, the "spa" name tacked onto it. Another waxing place I frequent on main street has always been much better and their prices are comparable. Much friendlier by all staff and zero wait time. I won't be coming back to Excuria.
It's a perfectly adequate experience.  I've received a  couple of gift certificates from here, and it's a nice place to go for a pedi with a friend.  Other than the "gabbing with friend while feet get rubbed", the pedicures are okay but not great.  They want to up-sell you paraffin booties or "special scrub", but it's not worth the extra coin. I don't know if they've changed their pricing, but they actually charge different prices depending on the skill level of the technician.  Which, come on-mediocre pedicures? shouldn't we all be getting the same level of experience?  My friend and I discovered this when she was charged $10 more than me when we rang out.  And I had the superior pedicure! Left a bad taste in my mouth. I have more gift certificiate money to use up, so I'll be back once more...
This place is the best.   Get my hair cut and my eyebrows eye lash tinted here. Every time i go i am pleased with the service. Autumn is great i have long hair she never cuts off to much and know just how to layer hair.   Great customer service very relaxing atmosphere
My first tip is stick with the massage and facials.  I haven't experienced the mani-pedi's, but I have heard that it really isn't worth the extra cash.   I had a massage and it was WONDERFUL.  I had a facial and it was DIVINE! So I'm a little biased because I can walk there, but I love it and I can't wait to go back!!
It's Spa Day with my sister. I'm waiting for her to finish her facial and to start our mani/pedis. I'm in the "Quiet Area" where we listen to falling water and can't use our phones. And then an employee walks in with a customer, sits at the table in the "Quiet Area," and proceeds to do the customer's nails, talking loudly the whole time, not even acknowledging me sitting five feet away. Until then, this was lovely, but I don't think I'll be back. Frankly, I have no interest in having my nails done here either.
Went to Excuria for wedding make-up - Rebecca did a wonderful job. She's an absolutely professional and was willing to work with me to make sure I was comfortable every step of the process. Would definitely recommend to others!  She made me feel beautiful on my big day.
Amazing spa for massages, facials and waxing and the salon is spotless and very inviting. The rest of the services are good but not worth the extra price but for convenience its a one-stop-shop place.
I have been going to Excuria since it has opened. I actually rec'd a gift certificate from my children the firsttime. It was awesome, there pedicures are out of this world and the workmanship is quality. Jenna actually does mine and she is wonderful. i was also treat to a Spa day for mothers day, it is a day I will never forget as I was treated like a queen. Please go as you will love every second you are inthere possession
When I feel like being pampered (which is quite often) I head over to Excuria on Main Street.  It may not be the biggest spa in town, and its often quite tough to get an appointment at last minute but it is truly the best.  While I have indulged in many of the services here (I am not ashamed to say I do enjoy a good Mani/Pedi every once in a while...something many men are missing out on) the best services involve their massages.  Personally, I prefer the deep tissue massage but they do have many other options.  I took my girlfriend there yesterday and we had amazing deep tissues that relaxed us for the rest of the day.  I had Susan who gave me one of the finest massages I have ever had in my life.  I would personally recommend that you ask for her...though my girlfriend claims that Jessica was also absolutely amazing. The key to Excuria being my favorite though is their locker room and facilities.  After the massage there is a beautifully relaxing steam shower waiting for you with Redkin products.  No other spa in town offers a steam shower and it really is the Pièce de résistance.  While the Spa at Falling Water in Orchard Park and the Spa at the Niagara Falls Casino have larger and more lux accommodations...Excuria is truly the best.
I've only gotten massages at Excuria, but they're a nice, pampering experience. Not the best massage I've ever had, and a little pricey, but it was good enough to go back again. The spa is nicely decorated, particularly the locker room. The showers are incredible, with an awesome rain shower head! I may be an edge case because I have a pitiful shower at my apartment, but I'd pay just to use their showers.
This is a brilliant spa! If you are looking for an impeccable spa experience, please go to Excuria. Although one needs to book in advance, they are very accommodating. I come in from NYC ( I am originally from Buffalo- so combine my excuria appointments with my visits home) and I was told that if when I call in and she is booked, to leave a message for my stylist and she will work me in somehow! That is the most ideal customer service. My stylist, Ashley,  is extremely passionate about her work, and it shows. She keeps current on the latest industry innovations, and shares her knowledge with me. In addition, she is a wealth of information on product knowledge. She makes sure that everything is "perfect", and will go out of her way to make sure it is. I can't rave about her enough! Manicures and pedicures are also very good. The room is lively but calm, and services are always timely- never waiting around- and the nail technicians are quite nice and always professional. The manicure packages are wonderful, and I would really suggest booking in with Rochelle. Finally, I am a skin care junkie. They sell the Eminence line, and sometimes when I am there I like to look around. If I have a question on something, I just ask reception, and they call up to the spa and someone comes down fairly quickly to answer my questions and give me advice! They are well-trained on the products, and offer the absolute best selection of Eminence I have seen (including Manhattan). They must be an official gold retailer or something. All in all, the place is pretty great if you are looking for a seriously professional (but fun) environment where the staff knows the product lines, their industry, and actually enjoys their work (it shows).  There's no "up- sell" pressure, but you will most likely want to try the products based on the genuine advice and knowledge you get from the staff. It's a nice little Buffalo gem, and a true oasis!
When my man feels like pampering me, a massage is the way to go. I have been to 3 spa's in the hood and Excuria is by far my fav! Very small and intimate. They have a nice quiet waiting room on the 3rd floor/attic area. I always love when people utilize the attic space because of the structural uniqueness that the other floors do not have. I thoroughly enjoyed a hour long deep tissue massage. Apparently the computer said I was getting a reg swedish massage so upon requesting a deeper massage she was able to switch up her routine without batting an eye. It didn't disrupt her in the least. I love it when people are not stuck in a formulaic manner. I hate my thighs being massaged so it did not take her long to adapt. She just moved on and I had an extra few minutes on my neck and shoulders!! She did an amazing job with the massage and then stretched and tractioned out neck! This was phenomenal and only a truly experienced therapist would dare do this move. I know this through my own education on the muscular skeletal system. My wonderful experience was ended with a glorious steam shower which she prepared for me. They offer fantastic products in the locker rooms. Great job Jessica!! The only thing I didn't like was the locker room. Very small and the door was opened when I was undressed and if other clients were in the hallway, they would have gotten a show. Luckily no one except the staff was there.
First off I must say, Bonnie is the best!  I have been a happy customer for 3 years.  I get massages, haircuts, facials, etc. here, and the staff is extremely knowledgeable, and nice!  I love Excuria, and am a lifetime customer.
My eyebrows are uneven, and yet they (along with my lip) don't look like they have been waxed at all... not sure how that one happened. I just got done tweezing all the missed strays and I spent a few minutes trying to regain their symmetry. I was a hairy kid, I've been getting my lip and my eyebrows done since the 5th grade. I have had some bad experiences, I will say this was not the worst, but by far not the best.  My eyebrows were salvageable. This was my first time at Excuria, and I think I am more disappointed than upset, I had high expectations for this place. If you are getting 30+ of my dollars, I better not look like I just got out of "Best Nail Salon" or Super Cuts. Like I said, it was not my worst experience, but I am absolutely going back to Nicole @ Capello.
I absolutely love this salon! I've been going here regularly for about 4 years for all of my haircuts and color. Nicole is the BEST! My mom, my two sisters, and myself are all clients of hers. The environment is super relaxing and comfortable. They offer wine, coffee or tea, and water during your visit, which is nice. I will never go anywhere else for my hair!!! I searched for years for someone to do a good job with my thick wavy hair and no one ever made me happy until I found Nicole! I've also had a pedicure here and it was very very clean and super relaxing. Everything here is worth the cost, in my opinion. You really get the value of what you pay for. This is a great place to go with a wedding party for hairstyles too. They treated me like a princess on my wedding day and all of my bridesmaids looked beautiful! Also, my hubby recently had a Swedish massage by Amy and he's planning to be back for another one soon. He loved it. I would recommend this place to anyone!!!
Jon is the most amazing person to go to for PREGNANCY MASSAGE! They actually have the tables that you can lay belly down in...not lay on your side or an uncomfortable insert. He has a daughter himself and totally seems to get what you are going through....strong hands and just a great experience overall!
