This is our new favorite place to get our hairs done and Euphoria is all about service! When you get your hair cut their give you. Scalp massage and when they wash your hair you get a hand massage. This salon is full service offering waxing, nail, massage and hair care services and products. One of the things that impressed me most when I first came here was that when they finish with your hair (and you are a woman) they offer to do your make up as a complimentary treat. Great up sell approach because I did spend more than I originally planned but I looked and felt great when I left and I have used all of the products I bought that day every single day after. I convinced my husband to come here too and he really appreciates the quality of the services as well. Gordon does my husbands hair and he had incredible skills doing a scissor cut! I have to say this is one of the best hair cuts I have ever seen on my husband! Maria M. Does my hair and she is absolutely wonderful. On my first visit, she did a rather drastic haircut taking me from long to short hair and I am not one month in with my new hair style and I am still getting compliments every day. There is truth to the statement that a good hair cut and products to maintain your hair after make a huge difference. The price point here is very reasonable and they are open seven days a week! Give Euphoria a try, and I promise you will find yourself coming back for the excellent service and attention to detail!
The salon had a very lovely ambiance and the stylist was fairly friendly, but the prices were WAY too high. I understand hat there were bonuses included in the price such as a free hand massage, make-up touch up, and tea, but that was the only positives. I requested a dye and highlights all throughout my hair, which at most places would cost around $100. She did not dye my hair the color I requested, nor did she apply highlights al throughout my hair. She did my hair more to her own liking and style as opposed to what I preferred and requested. Although it looked nice, it was not what I wanted. She also had little knowledge of the Aveda products when I asked her about it, which is very unprofessional for someone who's been in the business for 10 plus years. Within 2 weeks of my dye (which was colored 3 shades darker than my natural color) it faded back to a sandy blonde, although the highlights remained. I even purchased the Aveda shampoo and conditioner for color treated hair which is suppose to sustain the treatment longer. It did not. The shampoos and conditioners were priced about average for high end products, but as a user of many high end hair products, this fell way below par. Overall, I spent over $300 for a color and highlights that lasted as long as something I could have purchased from Wal-Mart for $10. I will never go back to Euphoria Aveda salon and would not recommend their products to anyone. Very, very, very disappointing.
This is a full service salon in the Galleria Mall. I like that their shampoo chairs are actually comfortable. At other places I feel like I'm breaking my neck every time i use one of those chairs. They give you free scalp and hand massages which are great to relax. They use aveda products which are botanically based. They also offer makeup application and waxing services. You can buy Aveda products at the store as well. They have Aveda hair care and body care and make up available for purchase.
Great attention! You really feel welcome in this salon. I was very satisfied with Jenn, she did an amazing cut and color. I'm upset with the ala carte pricing. I want to be informed of what I'm spending and why. I felt like I was being up-charged. I understand it's an Aveda salon, however, I think customers should be told of added services to their bill before they get it.
Twice. I can't believe I made the same mistake twice. Unless you are really hoping for a mullet, please just don't do it. I'll be growing out my too-short top layers for the next five months now.
After having been subjected to all kinds of torture at Aimee and Amy, I sought the comfort of an Aveda salon, and the one on Elmwood wouldn't call me back! (f*ckers)   Lo and Behold, the mall place was awesome!  Vinny talked me through everything before he even touched his scissors, then proceeded carefully and thoughfuly, suggesting we stop were we did, and if I was unhappy in a few days I could come back for a touch up. Ended up loving my haircut, loving the product Vinny suggested, and then there's the added bonus of the Aveda post-haircut mini-massage.  Always welcome.   Highly recommend this place, especially for guys who don't want to look like the Sabres bench.
Salon itself is nice - if you're into that sort of thing - not really my scene. I go there based on my wife's past dealings there.  WE really go for the massage and a pedicure for her! Speaking of massages, 'Jen' gives the BEST massages!  She's cool as she always remembers your name as well as what ails you!
I wanted to check out Euphoria because I'm getting married in Buffalo in September and was interested in going there for all of my getting-pretty needs before the big day. My future husband and I both got hair cuts and I also got a mani/pedi. A week later the mani is falling apart but that's all me but the pedi is hanging in there and I dig my hair cut. It was a very calming place. Some of the towels were kind of ratty. I liked the online reservation system. I got a coupon in my email after signing up. However, I tried to schedule a hair cut for my FH while I was getting my nails done and there weren't appointments on the website but I could make one on the phone. Not a big deal but a little annoying. Also, you know how when they wash your hair they usually put a towel between your head and the sink? They didn't and it kinda hurt. Anyway, I enjoyed my experience enough and will probably be back.
Maria Muscarella at Euphoria changed my life with one of her haircuts. Seriously. I don't know what she did, but suddenly, 20+ years of hair confusion, identity crisis and mediocrity were resolved with a pair of thinning shears and a new set of swoop bangs. Maybe it's because she's in Buffalo, where everyone has my kinda curly hair -- as does she -- but she just got in there and GOT IT DONE. The result looked like a mullet when blown out, but when I did it myself using the products I picked up there, it worked. How often does that actually happen? I can't speak for the rest of the studio staff, but Maria's worth braving the Galleria experience, especially since you get a shoulder massage thrown in to make you forget you're in the mall. (That said, Aveda's always a bit of a splurge, at least by B-lo standards, so be warned.)
Went there with some extra time I had to have my hair color fixed. I believe the girls name was Molly who did my cut and color and she did an awesome job. My hair had been two tones  because I let it grow out since theist girl who highlighted it made me too blonde. Molly found hi and low lights that looked natural and kept the blonde color I wanted. She also did an excellent job on the cut. Aveda is a little more expensive, but well worth it. Being from DC I didn't think the price was too bad. Would definitely go back!
I went on Saturday for a deep tissue massage.  It was awesome!  I have looked high and low in Buffalo for a massage therapist and I think I found her at the mall!  The room was very warm and comfortable, nice music and afterwards there is a brush and stuff to freshen up with (part of the deal) that the massage therapist left behind.  I am not sure I want to tell the name because then she will be too busy to see me so let's just say she is a manager, she has an awesome personality and give a very good deep tissue massage.  I will go back for a massage.
It's been months since I've been here, but....    I gave this place 3 chances with 2 different stylists and I was very much disappointed with all of my experiences here.  I so WANTED to like it b/c it's an Aveda salon.... but they just can't get it right.   My main gripe is that neither of the stylists I worked with really listened to what I wanted DONE to my hair....  I came out of there looking 10x blonder than I ever desired.... and with a haircut that I never would have requested (can you say: wings?).    Really, really disappointing.   Especially given their way-too-high prices.    Never again, Euphoria.
Went to Euphoria again and had an ok experience.  The place was super busy and I felt like I was rushed through the services.  The person cutting my hair also made me feel guilty for going to someone else last time.  For some reason I am very noncommittal about my relationships with hair people, so I think I'm going to have to break up with this stylist.  I'm just not ready to get serious with anyone.  I can't be tied down!
Pros: Offered hand massages numerous times Offers water or tea Listens to what you want done Offered to do complimentary retouch on makeup Cons: Sloppy (I asked for a peekaboo dye job and she managed to splash some dye onto my face) Pricey $130 for cut, hair dye. Besides that, I love how she cut my hair but I don't think I'd be going back to them if I wanted my hair dyed.
ok I have become a real fan so I just had to update it. I really like Panos. He does a great job with my hair and is fun to talk to.
Went there for a cut. I was told that my stylist was running 40 min behind so i ran to do some errands in the mall. When I came back, I was told he was still behind. This should have been a total red flag, but I thought, maybe he's just really paying attention and taking his time, so I waited. HUGE MISTAKE!! I showed the guy a picture, just wanted a long bob. HE BUTCHERED ME! He tried to fix it and at that point was just taking off length. I told him to just stop and have someone else come and fix it. The manager on duty apoligized and said that maybe he jsut misunderstood me....really?? They had a senior stylist do her best to fix my hair...7 inches off later. I was close to tears. They still made me pay for the cut but said my next one would be free....who the heck would go back for more! I paid and will NEVER go back.
I went on a thursday to have my med length hair colored to ombre it ended up all one color except the bottom inch was blonde. I had brought in a picture and had discussed that alot of the issue was that my hair was not as long and that I had tried extensions in the past but they slip out the stylist said she did extensions and could make them stay so we made an appt to do that. The stylist recommended some color saving product as well to preserve the color this day totaled to $221.42. I came back the next day and sat still for 3 hours while the extensions were put in. The stylist recommended that I get a special brush and made an appt for 6 weeks to have the extensions checked this total was $385.75. 3 days later I called the salon and told them that 14 extensions had already fallen out even though I was following all the rules of having extensions. I was out of town so I was unable to come in right away so I made an appt for 8 days later. When I got to the appt I had lost 27 extensions the stylist apologized and said I am so sorry this happened. At this time I mentioned how much my color had faded and how it was starting to not match the extensions even though I was using the color protector product she suggested snother product and made a 8 week appt for retouch. After she tightened all the extensions to my suprise I was charged even though the extensions fell out thru no fault of my own another $175.19. The very next day an extension fell out in the shower by tge 3rd day I was upset I had lost 5 extensions the color was faded out and I still didnt have the ombre look I wanted I called the salon to complain and was told by the spa manager that the hair manager was on vacation and she could not help me I would have to wait to talk to her so meanwhile my extensions are still falling out the color is still fading and I have spent a total of $782.36 plus the cost of extensions in 12 days :(
We were visiting family for our 16yr anniversary/mini vacation.  Lynette at Euphoria was absolutely fabulous.  She gave the best massage I've ever had.  That is the only good thing about my experience.  My sister-in-law took my husband, myself as a gift and she had a manicure and pedicure.  It started out with the snooty short haired blond girl and a bug in water that she told me was lemon.  Mani and pedi were okay but extremely pricey.  LYNETTE THE MASSEUSE WAS WONDERFUL!!  By Sunday my sister-in-laws nail polish was already severely chipping, by Tuesday back home my pedicure is already chipping.  I have never had a pedicure that only lasted 5 days.  Normally anywhere I go they last at least a month.  $85 for a manicure and pedicure for less than a weeks worth of quality, sucky!!!  Called to complain and they gave my sister-in-law a free massage and manager said she would speak to her nail technicians so this would not happen to anyone else.
I've been there couple of times and honestly the haircuts everytime were terrible. I don't know if it's just a hit and miss type of salon where you get lucky when you get someone experienced but nether the less I was NOT satisfied with the haircuts that were uneven, barley touched or CHOPPY. I went there and I got a really nice stylist (she was new) to cut my hair ( which is not hard ling with layers and a sweeped bang). I got home and the cut seemed a 1" longer on my left side. I called back (which I barely ever do) and talked to the manager for someone to fix my uneven cut. I came in and I got the most rudest stylist to fix my cut (note: I was not rude at all simply I just wanted it to be fixed). The result of that 'fix up" was even worse than the 1st cut! I should of not came in. It looked so choppy when I simply said soft layers, no choppiness. Anyway I don't recommend that place you overpay for a cut that a child with paper scissors could do better at.
I would never go back.  I had my hair cut and colored. The haircut was fair and the color was terrible. The stylist, (one of their advanced stylist) totally screwed it up by trying to darken it far to many levels at on time. This gives you a "muddy" color.Then she tried to tell me I  wasn't used to darker hair. The highlights were poor, not enough, overpriced and over bleached.  I saw so many of the same haircuts given when I was there, a bob shorter in the back and longer in the front. It was suggested to me, the hairdressers must have all had that lesson!  So out of style! I had that at least seven years ago.  For the skill levels the prices were outrageous! None of the prices include a blow dry so on top of it all I was charged $25 for the blow out. That was a joke, I did I again myself when I got home. I am used to paying a lot for services, but I certainly expect a higher skill level!
I never do reviews but I HAD to give credit to Chris for doing an amazing brazilian wax! She was really nice and made me feel really comfortable! She held conversation the whole time (which is awesome) and was very clean and gentle! I  highly recommend going to her for this!
if you need any waxing done, ask for chris.  she's awesome!
