Love at first bite. I could live off this stuff. If I didn't live in San Francisco, I probably would. I love the spinach pizza .... which is funny considering I don't really like spinach. The business is family owned and run. Very friendly. The mood is upbeat and energetic. There's usually a game on which is fun. See you in October when I'm home, Pelham Pizza !!!! Xoxoxo
It's a true testament to a restaurant's staying power when, despite almost always having long lines, not doing delivery AND being cash only, it is consistently packed. Such is the case with Pelham Pizza. The guys are great, each with a bigger personality than the last and making you feel like you'd known them forever. And then there's the food. I once purchased a gnocchi entree that was so big, it fed every person at our table (there were seven of us). I love the arugula salad (and arugula slice), both of which comes with mozzarella, arugula, tomatoes and balsamic glaze. They have delicious italian ices (I'm a fan of the almond) and really, you can't go wrong with any of the options on the menu.
Pelham Pizza is my favorite pizza place in the world. I've been coming here since I was a child when my grandparents/aunts/uncles/cousins lived right around the block. Even as a kid I knew that Pelham Pizza was special. Their pizza, pasta dishes, italian ices, stromboli...EVERYTHING is tasty and inexpensive. Even though I don't live in NY anymore, I visit whenever possible and find it comforting that the same people (or family members of the older generation that used to work there) are taking orders and engaging with the community. I always sit in the same booth with pictures of little league sports teams my uncle coached and my cousins played on. It is such a special place for me and my family. The pizza is second to none. Without a doubt, my favorite slice is the eggplant. Pelham Pizza's fried eggplant is second only to my grandmother's. This slice is heavy and one makes me extremely full. Year after year, their sauce and ingredients never change and you can always expect the highest quality food. Mango italian ice is my favorite, but the red white and blue one will always bring back many childhood memories. I live in Connecticut but go far out of my way to visit. I'll take any chance I can get to bring people there and will be going back for many years to come. Thank you for your consistently wonderful food and service!
This place is always busy, and for good reason. Pizza was great, and the like all good Italian food, it's all about the sauce. My anchovie slice was on-point, although the crust was a little bit burnt. Despite constantly being busy, (and I mean with a line nearing the door) service is excellent and all staff passing our table made sure we were good to go.
I love getting the house salad here, they put magic in it that makes me want to eat salad! Pizza is very great quality. Can get very busy during lunch time during the week. Service is speedy though, and staff is friendly. Extensive menu besides pizza. They DONT take credit cards though.
Curveball. I was up in Mamaroneck for March of Dimes and wanted to catch a quick slice on my way back to Astoria. Pelham Pizza got monster ratings on Yelp (4.5 stars), so it seemed like a no brain-er to hop off the Hutch and check this place out. If 1 star is the dollar slice at 2 Bros Pizza, then 5 stars should be kept for the likes of DiFara's, Lucali, Grimaldi's - the top dogs. To give a standard NY pizza parlor 4.5 stars is throwing a curve into this great system we have here. The pizza is solid.  I had a regular slice and the eggplant parm slice.  The ingredients were good - they use real cheese.  Crust and dough were fine.  Sauce is not too sweet. The guys working there seemed nice enough.  Photos of local kids' soccer and baseball leagues adorn the walls.  I'm sure that generates a lot of business, and it's nice that they're supporting the community. I would come back if I was on the block, but not worth a stop off the highway.
Had this for the first time during the last Super Bowl, got to the party after eating not too long before arriving. Ended up eating 3 slices because they were so good!!! Glad to say I had it again this past week, had to make sure I didn't catch them on a good day, I can honestly say NO! The pizza was better than I remember getting. Ended up getting a half cheese half pepperoni pie with a side of garlic bread with mozzarella cheese. Did not disappoint at all. Food was done and we were looking for more. Have already recommended to several coworkers. If your in the Mt Vernon area this is the place to go for lunch. You will not be disappointed unless you don't have cash on you. They do not accept credit cards unfortunately and the ATM machine was not functioning. Also if your going to pick up food call ahead! We placed an order and they told us it was a 35 min wait for a pick up! Well worth the wait.
Perfect Pizza. The sausage is out of control.
Pizza was definitely better than the service, but when it comes down to the nitty gritty they both count in my rating. I absolutely hate when someone walks in after me is asked what do they want. Pizza was quick out of the oven but I felt rushed to pick my beverage as I returned to the counter. "Cash Only" would have been helpful knowing before the pizza came out. I only wound up ordering the white slice from seeing a previous review, and it honestly looked like the one for me when I laid my eyes on it. Very good btw. Had a spinach slice as well which wasn't too shabby, but about halfway down to the crust it exploded green juice all over my hand. Both crusts were overheated and little burnt for my liking. The older gentleman inside seemed like the guy who could have pulled an extra star out of me but not this visit I was helped by another guy. Might be back, and would try different slices. *Worth a stop, I have had plenty of bad pizza, and this wasn't one of those places.
Finally got a chance to try their pizza the other day. I ordered a regular slice, an eggplant slice, and a arugula slice.  The reg slice was surprisingly my favorite.  I loved the sauce / cheese ratio.  The arugula slice was my lest favorite.  Not a fan of the tomato sauce underneath the arugula.  Looking forward to trying other things on the menu.
UGH!!! 9 months later and the pizza is just a delicious as the first time.  Sad but secretly thankful to no longer live in the area.   Would be in so much trouble if I did.   Absolute BEST pizza is Westchester.  Hands down!
As close as you're gonna get to a real Bronx slice! With the trend now being brick-, wood- or coal-oven, they use the traditional oven. From their rolls to their gourmet slices to their Sicilian, not that many places in the county make it this good. Been coming here for years. And no one paid me to write this!!!
Best spaghetti in westchester
Let me start by saying that Pelham Pizza is very good pizza.  Large pies of the mostly standard variety, offered in both round and Sicilian style.  I saw on Yelp that Pelham Pizza has earned a 4.5 rating.  Wow!  And walking distance from home so I had to check this out.  The same stellar rating (at the time of my visit to Pelham Pizza) as Johnny's in Mt. Vernon, without the hassle of a small and narrow parking area and large lines?  Higher than King of Neapolitan Pizza--Pepe's in Yonkers (4.0) and no Central Ave in Yonkers, which leaves my take out cold before I can hit the jug handle and point myself in the right direction?  Superior to the Deep Dish Sicilian Icon--Sal's in Mamaroneck (4.0) without the trek?  Better than non-traditional newcomers (relatively speaking) Frankie and Fannuci and Burrata?  I had to try this place for myself to see what is behind its lofty rating. The traditional pie is the standard NY pizza--large round pie cut into substantial triangles that are best enjoyed folded in half to be eaten.  Not thin crust, but a not-too-thin, not-too-thick bottom layer but with a thick fold of crust around the outer edge.  Not my personal favorite but again, the standard NY pizza variety.  So just to sample I bought a slice with pepperoni (the classic--a good pizza place MUST do this one right) and a slice of Sicilian.   Restaurant is decent, I took out so I can't comment on the service, but in the few minutes I waited it looked like no customers were searching for their servers, who walked quickly from table to table.  But it's mostly a take-out establishment with just a row of tables. For the slices, they were good.  The sauce is acceptable (a bit dried out on the Sicilian slice).  A generous coating of cheese, and a layer of thinly sliced pepperoni that were laid out to cover as much territory as possible, the only spaces left for cheese to peek through were left from the gap that two adjacent arcs couldn't cover, a plus in my book.  But all of this is fairly STANDARD.  The crust and ingredients are far superior at other pizzerias mentioned above, so I'm left to wonder about the 4.5 Yelp rating--is it the quantity?  Convenience?  Lack of options in the immediate area? I would certainly eat here again, but I would put several other options ahead of this one.
Fresh, Hot, Delicious.  Everyone is so friendly. I usually will swing by on my way home from the train & the place is usually packed.  I moved here about a month ago, being a pizza snob I had to try all the pizza places. this is one of  the best.
I went here the first time a year ago.  Can't remember what kind of slice I had but I was not impressed.  Went back this weekend because we needed a quick bite and our usual spot has less tables.  I have to say it was so good that we went twice. Over the course of two days we tried 6 different slices.  My favorites were chicken masala, spinach, and white pizza.  Service was good, prompt and friendly.  Pastas looked amazing and we look forward to going back to try them.  Can't believe we've been missing out on this gem.  Great for families.
They have the best linguini white clam sauce around !!! My fave and their eggplant rollatini is also Delish !
I actually kinda hate to review this place because I think if the secret ever got out about how good their pizza is it'll get swamped like a trendy new york nightclub.  Aside from their Calzones I really only come here for either of two pizzas, the lasagna pizza or the eggplant pizza.  Both are really entire meals in themselves with the lasagna thick and full of tasty sauce and ricotto and the eggplant pizza heaped thick with sliced of incredibly tasty fried eggplant. Trust me I've had pizza from every borough in NY from famous places like Lombardi's to little corner pizzerias in the middle of bensonhurst over the course of my 30 years on this Earth but I love Pelham's pizza the most.  When I have friends visiting I always tell them that I'm gonna bring them to the best pizza in the world and they're always skeptical but after their first few bites there is no more doubt.
Probably the best Pizza in Pelham, but I wouldn't  say it is the best pizza. However, they have a great grilled chicken ceasar salad and a  strachiatelli (no idea how to spell it) soup. the grilled chicken is always so tasty, and the 'ceasar' dressing is more of a creamyish italian, but it is so good. the soup is a spinach egg drop with parm cheese. oh- and lets not forget, in the summer (i really think it should be all year long) the italian ices!!!!! great family place.
Every time we are in the area, not only do we make the effort to grab a slice? But we take multiple chicken rolls, throw them in a ziplock and bring them on the plane to pop in the freezer when we get home (or eat mid-flight). Absolutely delicious. I actually added it to my "Last Meal" list on Yelp, because it was truly the first thing that popped into my head. The staff is incredibly friendly and always make you feel like they remember the last time you were in (which in our case is impossible since we are only in once or twice a year). Perfect pizza. P.S. Want to eat outside? There's a nice little park across the street and up the block to sit and eat on a sunny day!
1st time there & lived up to the hype!!!  Garlic bread is really good and got half plain half pepperoni pizza which was very tasty!   No complaints nothing fancy inside but great food & entire meal was really inexpensive compared to Scarsdale.   They have seating and service was fine we will be back!!!
This restaurant is located on 5th in downtown Pelham and appears to have changed little in the more than 30 years it has operated.  Parking was difficult but not impossible.  The restaurant was completely full with no potential for an open seat or table but coming in mid-afternoon, I did not have to wait to order. The pizza here had several positive reviews and my experience was also very positive.  The crust was tossed, thin and bubbly but slightly under-cooked.  The cheese was excellent quality and the sauce was very good but I would have preferred that it was a bit spicier. Many of the reviewers mentioned their toppings which looked good but I have not had a chance to try yet.
I dream about this pizza on the weekly! I'm from California and have Family in Pelham.  I don't know what it is maybe the cheese? Or the sause?  i don't know but my mouth is watering as we speak.  My husband likes four corners BUT my heart stays with Fifth ave pizza!!
Great tasting pizza
The regular cheese slice was A-OK.  Huge, lots of cheese, thick crust, a bit too much oil and definitely not enough sauce (and too pasty).  NY style - reminded me of the great slices I used to get in the Bronx but not as great, unfortunately.   The eggplant parm dish coming out though looked great.  Might just have to return for that.
This is a great place.  Their regular pies are so GOOD, and that's the best of all. People sit down for proper dinner.  Feels very...neighborhoody.
This is my favorite neighborhood pizzeria and I have been coming here since before I could see over the counter. The sauce and quality of the cheese is phenomenal. They have great specialty slices and calzones BUT I like a plain pie with thin crust!! Since I've been more healthy they've been doing a great  spinach with garlic sauteed in olive oil.
I have lived in Pelham all my life! Take it from me; Pelham Pizza is the best choice you could make if you are craving real NY Pizza! I have tried many other pizzeria's around the area and I find myself wondering if the pizza doesn't taste like it does in Pelham pizza you really shouldn't even bother opening up around here. These guys are like a second family to me! They are the nicest group of guys you will ever meet serving you food. If your ever in the area, I definitely recommend this place. DO NOT pass it by if your looking for real pizza! I promise you will not be disappointed! I put that on my life. They crush the competition! If it's not Pelham pizza, ill give up pizza for good! I'm serious! Try it and thank me later. Enjoy :)
Great find thanks to Yelping on the road (I wasn't driving!). Don't miss the lasagna pizza...and bring cash or pay the ATM fee.
This is clearly the local favorite for pizza. I agree with others that the pizza is ok - typically NY pie. I personally like thinner crust. They have a full menu which is nice. good seating and guys are nice. that said, service can be a little chummy sometimes. I don't like that its cash only.
Fantastic quality and taste!  I ordered eggplant & pepperoni.  Great pizza, but real heavy dough and the eggplant is fried - so it's gonna weigh you down!  But I will be returning to try some other great topping combinations they offer.  Next time I think instead of one pizza I will probably just grab a couple different slices and a calzone or roll. Only problem I have is that they are CASH ONLY!  So make sure you have enough on you or you will be out of luck when it comes to some delicious pizza!
Pelham has an odd overabundance of pizza places.  This one is very good, and is our family's go-to pizza place.  Eggplant pizza is excellent.   Always busy, so plan ahead. Recommended
Best Pizza in Westchester county!
They make a terrific fresh spinach slice :)
I've eaten at this place about 200 times. Really. I know Bubba, Pino, Sal, Gino, Paulie, Everyone. They're about the nicest guys you could meet and its not an act. I've seen them outside of the job and they remember your name, and always care how you are : ) Hi Guys.. Now for the food. I don't think there is anything here that isn't 95% better than everywhere else. REALLY. Even their burgers are insane. The pizza is sick.. The dishes and sauces are always perfect. They have a Thai chicken salad with peanut sauce that is really really good that I only had once. I come here for Pizza and italian food. But the pelham crowd needs things liek Thai salad from Pelham Pizza so they do it .. and well. I LOVE the chicken Palermo.. Nobody does this dish as well as Pelham Pizza. If you have a little cold or sinus thing it's GONE after eating that. And there is ALWAYS enough to make a nice lunch out of the next day. GO TO PELHAM PIZZA. You won't be let down.
Pelham makes a great overall pizza. The baked dough is crispy yet also chewy, the cheese is rich and stretchy, and is sweet, savory, and spicy enough. Perfect balancing.  This is THE best pizza in Pelham, which is a huge accomplishment considering the rival pizza joints (several of them all within walking distance) are pretty darn good themselves.
Really good pizza... My absolute favorite is the spinach slice, with a side sauce for dipping.  It's really delicious.  My kids love the Penne Vodka and the Chicken Parm dinner.
Best Service and Pizza around! You must try the chicken or lasagna slice!
I've been going to Pelham Pizza for years - don't know what took me so long to write a review.  First of all, the staff is super friendly - love them all!  Second, the food is delicious!  Aside from the pizza, there are SO many great tasting dishes on the menu - you can never go wrong here!  Their spinach pizza is my all time favorite, but I really love everything.  Their soups, pasta dishes, chicken dishes - everything is great.  The chicken marsala rolls are awesome too.  And another plus... their prices are so reasonable. FYI, cash only and no delivery.
First time at the pizzeria last night awesome pizza they make gluten free pizza as well which is awesome since my fiancé has celiacs disease I'll be going back there a lot now.
Decent pizza...not up to par with Johnny's in Mount Vernon. Nice sauce but crust was too chewy. I also had their chicken parm hero which was very decent. They had my order ready for pickup very promptly.
Located about a block from the Metro North in downtown Pelham (about 2 miles north of the Bronx), this is what New York Pizza is all about!  Chicken Pizza!  That's right.  It is incredible.  Well, then again, every type of pizza I've had there has been pretty amazing.  As an earlier Yelper wrote, this place really is one of the best kept secrets.  But don't get me wrong, Pelham Pizza is always busy and you normally have about a 5 minute wait.  However, if this place were a few miles down the road in the Bronx or Manhattan, this place would be one of the premier pizza places in the city.
Awesome regular slice and even better chicken marsala roll. The staff is very friendly and treats every person with respect. Pelham is a very small town, but one thing it does well is pizza.
This place use to rock but not anymore. I waited 10 minutes for someone to help me while they all stood around. The pizza was burned and was no where near what it use to be.
I haven't gone to this pizzeria in a while, but when i was used to go on fifth ave all the time, this was def the spot. I'm going to say it def is in the argument for best pizza in Pelham that is for sure. There pizza's are always fresh and very tasty and well made, the management is very nice and helpful and its a very nice homey feel when you walk in or if you dine in. Def a big fan, go and try a plain slice or def get a mouth watering pepperoni from this joint !
Love this place, spaghetti w/meatsauce is so good, great salads, pizza eveything i love it here.
Love it! I wish they delivered!
I've never been disappointed with anything that I've had here at Pelham Pizza. Pasta is good, sandwiches are good, pizza is great. The owner/staff are so pleasant, too. Only con... They don't deliver. :( I know this Yelp profile says they do, but they do not. A sad shame, but well worth the trip to the store front!
I live in Los Angeles. Whenever I fly in from L.A. to N.Y, I RUN to this pizzeria with my kids and my wife. I grew up in Mt. Vernon. I spent many years eating pizza throughout Westchester and the Bronx. I am in my 50s and have been eating here since I was a teen.  Simply put this place has the best pizza ANYWHERE! There is nothing like it anywhere else. I always get regular pizza just with cheese. This last trip I tried the sausage slice. Their calzones and Sicilian are amazing and always very fresh. I've made two trips to Pelham Pizza in the last month. I won't go anywhere else when i fly in to NY. Oh, and by the way: I am tough on service. I eat at many fine establishments throughout L.A. and NY. The service here at Pelham Pizza is excellent. Keep up the good work!
Good service, good food. My family are fans. Really busy, and for a reason.
Get the "exotic" pizza. The buffalo pizza was really great as was the eggplant parmesan pizza. I didn't like the plain pizza. The place was packed and there was a constant line which must say something!
We eat here occasionally.  The pizza is good but there is one or 2 within a few miles that are a bit better.  They have the best chicken cutlet parm wedge (aka sub, sandwich) and have some really good pasta dishes.  We get both take out and we sit in.  The guys in there are great.  Always friendly an pleasant as is the one female waitress who has been there for years!!  It gets very crowded and busy in a Friday night so be prepared to wait a little while to sit if that's what your planning to do!   Definitely would recommend Pelham pizza if your in the area!
Had a great slice of regular pizza! Was very surprised
Inexpensive. Great portions. Low key. Great local place. Hidden surprise: try the burgers. They have a great char-grilled taste.
Great food with great service -- very consistent. Try their eggplant rolls -- excellent!
Best pizza I have ever had. Wouldn't even consider another place even close to Pelham Pizza. Luckily I live less than a mile away so I can enjoy frequently. From the service to the food, this is exactly how a pizza place should be. Amazing
I've been there twice.  First time would have gotten 5 stars.  Their regular pie is fantastic, I loved it.  However the second time I went I got a calzone and soup.  The soup was a tomato broth with a bunch of beans in it.  Thats it, nothing else; I was more than disappointed.  The calzone was horrible.  They pre-make them earlier in the day so when they added the filling that I wanted all they did was warm it up.  It tasted old and stale.  For all the amazing reviews, I am some what disappointed.  Just get pizza from here and leave it at that.
Best pizza and value.  Fun guys working there.  Never a disappointment.
Well, I just had to check this out, to see how Pelham Pizza was doing.  Ya' see, I used to live in Pelham.  Had Pelham Pizza all week long for lunch and again on the weekend, because Mom wanted a night off from cooking.  I was SO SICK of Pelham Pizza!  My siblings and I would groan "Oh, NO, not pie AGAIN!!!!"  Then we moved to Connecticut.  My sister and I would hop in my car and drive back to Pelham, for PIZZA. Then I moved to Florida.  Now, all I have to say is; "Pelham Pizza, I MISS YOU!!!!!"  This pie is so good.  It always has been, ever since the place first opened, in the 70's.  Back then a little guy from Italy, named Marcello, tossed a pie that cost 25 cents a slice.  Whatever it costs now, it's worth it!  The Italian Ice is a great little summertime treat, too!  Sorry, I took this place for granted, when I lived a mere block away!
Excellent pizza. Robust sauce. Gooey, tangy cheese. Crust has a light, crunchy texture that's otherwise unremarkable.  Staff has been friendly.
This pizza is just okay. I live in the area and I refuse to buy this pizza except as a last resort. It is definately the best in Pelham but that doesn't make it one of the best period. There are a big fish in an extremely small and shallow pond. For better pizza try A&V Pizzeria in Yonkers, or Mina's on Lake Ave in Yonkers.
Ordered a large pie, and it was even better fresh than the late-night slice I got when really hungry. The house salad was fresh and well-made as well.  Nothing fancy, but great quality.
A HUGE and heartfelt "thank you" to owner John!  He kindly agreed to help me yesterday with a special food request to help make sure that the family of a sick friend would have dinner.  He truly was willing to go above and beyond.  Pelham Pizza deserves your business and they will forever have mine.  THANK YOU, JOHN!
They used to have great pasta, burgers and pizza. Today is the last time I had anything from this place! I ordered penne alla vodka with grilled chicken. I have waited 25 min to get pasta that is not salty, not drained well, no chicken! no peas nor bacon or whatever they are using for sauce and bread that was always fresh and warm, was just defrosted, cold and wet! Never again!!
My grandson and I went to Pelham Pizza tonight and we were really looking forward to eating there. We waited for 30 minutes for a table. Two people walked in about 2 minutes before we were all seated. The waitress came out from behind the counter after about 3 minutes and as she walked towards us I made eye contact with her as to confirm that she was headed to us first but not in an insistent  way. She went to the other table first! They had to wait for 2 minutes and we waited for 30! She knew that we had been there waiting for a table for a very long time. After greeting the other table and cleaning it off; she walked away and didn't even acknowledge us! I was so upset by that DIS; I told my grandson that we were leaving and that we'd never return. The people who work there seem to have the misguided attitude that they're the only pizza place in Pelham. Well they're wrong. There are lots of FANTASTIC places here and the other ones that I've been in act like they appreciate my business.
among the best pizza in town - definitely worth going to. sandwiches are also good. staff was really friendly and gave us a lot of personalized attention. would be even better if they delivered.
Very tasty.  We now  live in California and dream of new York pizza!  This place will not disappoint!  Great eggplant Parma pizza.  Yum...
Best in Pelham, hands down. Great pizza, excellent service, the people are friendly and kind. The prices are well set and the the food, especially dinner selections are more than spectacular.
I just love this place.  It is Pelham.  I've coming here when I moved to Pelham in the 5th grade and it's the 1st place I come to eat when I come home to visit.  Their specialty Pizza's are amazing.  The Buffalo is spectacular and I've yet to try another that I think tastes remotely close.   Pizza is not the only thing they offer so if you are in the mood for Italian from Eggplant parmesani to Baked clams oreganata and a glass of red wine...this is the place.  Toppping it off, the staff is excellent, friendly and there is an ATM, so you don't have to run to the bank.
Yes, this pizza really is as good as it gets. I'm a pizza snob and I haven't found any pizza I enjoy more. The best is when you order a pie and have it there and they bring it to your table and cut it, and it's too hot to eat, but you don't care so you burn your mouth, but it's worth it. Pelham has some of the best pizza anywhere and Pelham Pizza is the crown jewel. If they ever close I don't know what I'll do.
Look, I love Pelham Pizza -- we get it pretty much every Friday night.  That's a lotta love.  However, it is NOT the best pizza around, not by a longshot.  Villagio and Modern (in New Rochelle) are much better pizza.  Pelham Pizza has good sauce and is heavy-handed with the cheese (a good thing).  But their crust can be a bit tough at times.  It's never ever as good as Villagio or Modern's crust.  When we have people over for pizza, we never get it from Pelham Pizza -- but again, we do order from there once a week, so I'm definitely not putting it down.
Simply the best pizza there is.  The pasta e fagole soup is also delicious do yourself a favor and eat here you won't be sorry.
The pizza is quite good, really substantial, a terrific chewy and crisp dough -- the profile info is wrong here though, as they don't deliver nor do they accept credit cards.
I f your looking for a place to have pizza try Pelham Pizza,great service and good foofd.I had a slice this pass summer.They make a good sauce and a just right crust.
The best pizza restaurant.  The food is good and the people work there are great!,,,
