I agree with the sentiments in many of the other positive reviews posted here on plates.  This is our date night/birthday/nice occasion spot in Larchmont, as well as the place we take couples who are visiting from out of town  (to prove Larchmont has at least some good restaurants!).  Love the decor, the location across from the train, the manager who greets/seats you is quite friendly, and the waiters are professional and relatively knowledgeable.  Last time we were there there were three pasta dishes that all looked amazing and I found it too hard to chose just one.  The waiter was quick to offer to prepare two half orders (I like it when restaurants do that).   Lastly, none of the above would matter if the food were not great-but it is.  Fun, interesting menu and delicious food.  Not cheap but reasonable prices given the high quality.  Definitely try it.
Dinning in this place is fantastic,the location , the ambiance, the staff and the plates are fabulous.
This is our new fav spot!!  What a gem in larchmont.  We didn't feel like going into the city or eating the usual italian so I turned to old trusty YELP :) The first time we came was during restaurant week and thy squeezed us in before the 7 o'clock seating.  We didn't know what to expect and we were absolutely surprised! Everything is fresh, pretty organic, and farm to table. We had this amazing kimchi ramen and the tacos for appetizer.  Then for our meal I had the blackened sea bass and my bf had the hen...both a little on the small portion side but absolutely delicious!  They have bread they bake fresh everyday and this roasted eggplant spread.  For dessert we ordered the ring ding and I got some lemon poppy cake with cheesecake froth something or another. The second time we went, we sat at the bar for happy hour.  1/2 price apps, $1 oysters, $.50 wings and $2 off each drink.  We started off with 24 oysters and the flatbread (pizza).  The pizza had apple shreds and amazing ricotta (and I really don't like ricotta).  Then I ordered fried chicken and my bf ordered the sausage lam meat dish.  These dishes were a lot bigger than the last meal we had and the fried chicken was perfect! (And tasted great 3 days later). My bf ate everything on his dish minus the sunchokes (sunflower artichokes) bc we thought they were black eyes peas.  Then we ordered the homemade marshmallow ice cream. We will be coming here once a week for dinner bc you don't feel like a disgusting heifer when you leave. #cleaneats
Food is okay.  Have never been able to get an accurate bill.  They chronically overcharge, as someone else has pointed out here.   Caveat Emptor!
My favorite thing are the dollar oysters at happy hour! Pasta has been overdone a couple of times but I had a fantastic beet salad and their burgers And fries are wonderful. The tuna tartare and homemade bread are all excellent.
What a gem! I'm surprised to hear myself typing that it really was worth coming all the way out to Westchester for dinner. One of R's good friends and his fiancé invited us out along with several other chums. We thought the idea of collecting plates from the world over was quirky, and figured the food would be good, but we were so impressed. The building is rustic, so the ambiance is relaxed, but elegant. Service wasn't bad, though it took a while for them to figure out how to put tables together for a party our size, despite our having a reservation. The food was phenomenal! The menu is seasonal, apparently. I was immediately attracted to the Wild Sea Bass, which sounded fantastic with mushrooms, I think. Then, when it was time to order, the waiter said, "We're only out of one thing: the Wild Sea Bass." My face fell. I went with my third choice, the Bolognese papardelle (R was getting my second choice -- the sweet potato ravioli -- and you can't order the same thing as your spouse 'cause that's just silly). The pasta was delicious, with flavorful meat and sauce. I didn't hear a single complaint about anyone's dishes, and I think we ordered almost everything on the menu. We skipped dessert since our hosts had that for us, but the selection looked divine. What's a dinner without good wine? I wish I could tell you what kind we had, but I didn't pay attention. It was good though, and red. We also got champagne to celebrate our hosts' upcoming wedding, so I left dinner in great shape. In conclusion, we had a wonderful time, so what a great suggestion on the part of our friends! I'd love to go back whenever we're in the area.
The food was phenomenal, that waiter was kind and attentive, the atmosphere was....stuffy. The menu lists the local farmers that they use as vendors and I was surprised to see my favorite farm listed!  I ordered a special that replaced traditional potatoes with celeriac just because I knew my farmer had a large harvest of celeriac and there was a good chance they were the supplier.  That was pretty exciting on it's own, however, I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was as well. My meal was superb and the portion was perfect.  I ordered the striped bass with celeriac and pickled beets (there was only 1 miniscule beet the size of half a marble-that was disappointing) and was pleasantly surprised with the wonderful combination of flavors and the simplicity of the meal.   My BF ordered the fried chicken and unlike my meal which showcased the simple and fresh flavors, his brussel sprouts were 'candied with bacon'.  It had the exact opposite effect and completely masked the wonderful flavors of the vegetable with a smokey burnt taste.  This is just personal preference however, and I'm sure many people would be thrilled with the addition of sugar and bacon to...basically anything. In all, the meal was exquisite and we will definitely be returning.  My only tip, be prepared for many eye-rolls towards your neighboring diners-it's a typical Westchester snoot fest with obscene business men who think its appropriate to ogle young women as they sit beside their trophy wives...
Plates' atmosphere is so cute and made me feel like I was on vacation in the Hamptons. A little quiet at first but it felt much more comfy when more diners rolled in. Manor Park Martini - a MUST TRY! Pear vodka with a scoop of homemade blood orange sorbet? I'll have two please! Buttermilk fried chicken - so good - the outer crispy skin was done perfectly and the meat inside was seasoned well. The sweet potato mash and Brussels sprouts that came with it could not have been better. I don't live in the area but I hope I get a chance to eat here again! Enjoy!!
After almost a half hour searching for a place to eat, my boyfriend and I decided to try out Plates. Great choice I might add. The decor is very cute.. there are plates all around the restaurant from the owners travels.. The host was very nice and seated us quickly. I didn't like how close we were sitting to the door, seeing everyone walk in and out but that's just my preference. To the left is a nice size bar and there is more seating in the back as well. And CLEAN bathrooms! (I skeeve bathrooms that are not immaculate) We went during restaurant week so there was an additional menu to choose from.. I ordered the Sweet and Sour Coconut Muscle soup & my boyfriend had the tuna tartare.... AMAZING!! The soup was so delicious I was thinking about ordering another.. our entrees were delish as well... I had the scallops which were cooked to perfection & my boyfriend had a 10oz grass fed burger.. he says it was great.. I wouldn't touch the thing bc I don't eat meat lol... For dessert we ordered the home made ring ding with a side of Oreo ice cream. to be completely honest I was a little disappointed. maybe because I was expecting a decadent hot ring ding with whip cream on the inside.. but what we received was an ice cold hard ring ding... I don't remember if your supposed to eat them freezing or not but it wasn't my style of dessert. Still pretty tasty nonetheless. we ordered a bottle of red wine (Louis Jadot) which was very good.. not too dry and not too sweet.. of course we polished it off. the bottles of wine was around 70$.. now I know restaurants jack up the place so I'm not complaining, just a little upset that they almost a 55$ increase on a 12$ bottle of wine. I didn't really like that... overall this was a great place to enjoy a nice meal, a little on the pricey side but the food is worth it!
A class act; such nice staff and a cozy atmosphere. But the food has not been as good lately -- lukewarm entrees, high prices but small portions. And things are tired on the menu, which is small to begin with. Desserts however are as good as ever. Warm doughnuts and ring dings? YUM
My Sunday night dinner was really superb!  The ambiance was quiet, but then again, it's Sunday night. The restaurant has a great location and the inside is well decorated, not crowded, and has a nice little bar area in the entrance. The food was wonderful. I had tuna tartare to start and then the scallops.  The menu is innovating but not too much so, the food was cooked beautifully and had great flavors. high recommend for romantic dinners to dinner with friends.   A real find for Westchester area.
I usually don't stay home on the weekends...Or during workdays.. Come to think of it, I don't go home at all. Why am I paying RENT!?!.. Anyways, I don't have much of a food scene, aside from Bistro Rollin in Pelham, so I tend to go be with my friends in Queens and Brooklyn. One Sunday, I decided to go venture out in my neighborhood to find my 'local spot'.. I got lost and somehow got to larchmont.. I really should get a GPS, then again.. I rather spend that cash on food&wine! Tyring to get back on the I95 back to New Rochelle when I find this tiny Restaurant with pretty plates in the windows and walls... Hmmmmm, let's see if they're open. Unlike my usual weekends in Queens and Brooklyn, parking was a breeze, and went in and sat down at the cozy bar near the entrance. It has a very warm, welcoming atmosphere... Ordered a Chimay, and I felt very at home.   Started off  with Truffle flatbread, Foiegras(cold), and the carbonara... I should really eat more vegetables, but.. Oh well! My god, the execution, the flavors, the presentation are spot on! I ordered a glass of Syrah ... I believe from Rhone. Perfect with my meal! I would have loved to try everything else on the menu, including Dessert, but... I felt like I was going to burst, if I ate another bite. This was a great Sunday night. Will be back with my city friends, who think all things in NYC are superior... Can't wait to surprise them. HA! Keep up the good work!!!!!
After reading the positive reviews here I figured I couldn't go wrong.  And I figured right.  They sat us instantly even without a reservation.  The drink menu was impressive ... all fresh squeezed juices, house made ginger syrup, muddled basil in the strawberry basil mojito... good stuff!  And strong drinks too.  Apps were fantastic, fresh blue point oysters, tuna tartar, foie gras pate.  Dinner was good to above average ... roasted duck, ginger rice, tamarind spiced vegetables (these were awesome), The salmon was the disappoint-er not so yummy for me.  Dessert was warm pecan pie and vanilla ice cream ... and the jumbo ring ding (see posted picture)  pretty good.  Espresso was fair to good... I've had much worse, also have had much better. Overall, we will probably make this spot a regular stop.
I took my parents to Plates for their 40th wedding anniversary and we were all very pleased with our dining experience. Our waitress was fun, lively, knowledgeable and a great host. The service was definitely excellent. The menu selections were great as well. I actually had a tough time deciding what to order because everything sounded so great. I ended up going with one of the flatbread appetizers, which was almost a meal itself; but it was excellent. They didn't have the chorizo flatbread I wanted, but the waitress recommended their recent addition instead. It had mozzarella, tomato, spinach, pork belly (yum) and a little salami (double-yum!)  We all ended up going for the sesame salmon with ginger glaze on it, this was also an excellent choice -- and was cooked to perfection. Unfortunately none of us had room for dessert, but the dessert menu sure looked good! I'd definitely recommend plates to my friends and I will definitely be back to try some more of the menu (and a dessert).
I came here with my wife, brother and friend after seeing a number of Yelp reviews. It lived up to its reputation! Ambience, service and food, all excellent. We started with the cheese flatbread and tuna tartar. Each was very tasty. Then I shared the lamb chops, a special, with my wife. Although cut thin, they were quite tasty, and tender. I sampled the scallops as well which had a nice crust. And with the crispy fried yams, the texture and flavors melded very well. The fried donut desert was fun. Definitely a very nice establishment.
We had to wait in the crowded front area for a table. This was for a late weekend dinner. I was hoping for a great experience as I overheard a manager talking to some staff about how to give good service, generally pumping them up. But our server mostly ignored us. She was polite but couldn't answer many of our questions, so it slowed down our ordering. We ordered tuna tartare, sauteed greens flatbread, winter organic salad, homemade fettuccini w poached egg for appetizers. The winter salad was particularly tasty. Entrees were shrimp phylo, seared scallops, corned pork, lobster. Dessert was an order of country doughnuts. My family enjoyed the meal but I was less than impressed. My scallops were strangely cold in the middle. I rarely send a plate back, but I had to ask for this one to be warmed up a bit. Very disappointing for a seared scallop... By the time we were finished, our server was totally MIA. We paid another server and then had to fetch our leftovers from the front side table, as they never made their way back to us. Pretty lousy. I'm not sure if the food could overcome the poor service.
A really good restaurant.  Would have given it 4.5 stars if the system allowed. Unpretentious.  A good menu, and very good food.  Nice atmosphere.  Tasteful, simple decor.  Relatively quiet (even though the ceiling is low). Competent and attentive service. Been there several times. I consider this a stand-out in southeastern Westchester.
Typically, I am the person that DOES NOT usually dine at the same restaurant twice, but since PLATES provided me with my best meal this past summer, I decided to check it out again for Fall HVRW '12. With my friends M & M in tow, we ventured out on the last night of restaurant week, Sunday November 18th. For appetizers, we chose: Spinach Beet Salad (Feta, Walnuts, Radish, and Honey Mustard Vinaigrette) Goat Cheese Salad (Mixed Greens, Sour Cherries, Pears, and Apple Cider Vinaigrette) Soup of the Day: Italian Minestrone Unfortunately, the salads were mundane, while the soup was lacking vegetables with a severe bacon-flavored broth. Having higher expectations for our entrees, we decided on: Pappardelle Bolognese (Beef, Chicken, and Duck Ragu topped with Pine Nut Gremolata) Grass-fed Beef Burger (Smoked Bacon, Cheddar Cheese with seasoned French Fries) Buttermilk Fried Chicken (Mashed Potatoes, Biscuit, Coleslaw) There were serious deficiencies with the Bolognese. Being used to the traditional version of browned meat, red sauce, and cream-base, the ragu was not thick enough for this type of flat noodle. The fat and oil slid right off the pasta, leaving most of the ragu on the bottom of the dish. Although the meats meshed well, the undertones of the seasoning were not clear. The Wild Boar Bolognese offered this summer was much more memorable; however, I managed to salvage this dish with lots of grated parmagiano. On the other hand, my friends appreciated their dishes much more. Admittingly, although the batter looked overdone on the fried chicken, the inside was juicy and flavorful. We found issue with the sides, as the mashed potatoes tasted like the box-version (where was the gravy?), the coleslaw was some kind of southern green instead, and the biscuit needed to be requested since it was left off the platter. Regarding the burger, how can you really mess that up? Cooked medium, the beef  quality clearly stood out and the fries complimented the dish as expected. Lastly, only two dessert choices were offered. After asking the server if I could choose one from the ala carte menu, he accommodated at no additional cost. As follows: Banana and Strawberry Ice Cream Cake PLATES Signature Ring Ding Homemade Sugar Donuts served with caramel-drizzled ice cream Overall, we ALL still agreed that PLATES is a great place in Larchmont. Maybe because it was the last night of restaurant week? Maybe because I was spoiled by my two prior reviews this past week? Something was off, but I will not knock this eatery off my list. I think it just may be smarter to choose from the regular menu next time.
Met the owners and what can I say? had a wonderful experience and cannot wait to go back.  Delicious food and beautiful ambience in Larchmont. Our server was knowledgable about several different dishes which was a huge plus for me personally as I am always asking questions. Our appetizers and entrees were all excellent, and the food came out in a timely manner.
My husband got my 93 year old mother-in-law to try a new restaurant and I was glad he engineered this move.  Plates is near her home and the main challenge is parking but a public lot across the street works as back up. The place is cute, bright and airy and the bar area is lovely-a good place to wait for your table.  The service was excellent-they moved us thru each course with no misstep even thou the traffic patterns are very tight so it was a bit of a ballet by the team to bring in the changes. I had a great cocktail-Park Manor with pear vodka, pomegranate and blood orange sherbet. The wines by glass and bottle were expansive (with medium to high cost to choose from) and my husband pointed out an Austrian white which was great with my meal.   Yea, another place that knows how to make a drink (so rare these days). The Caesar Blue Salad with very thin fried onions was great and then i had the homemade noodles with rabe/creamy truffle sauce starter as my main course.   My husband had a burger and my MIL had duck ravioli. It was all good. We finished with fried donuts and strawberry/banana ice cream cake.  With a real pot of tea (it was a tea bag but a decent brand) and the water was really hot. Next time the homemade ring ding I have to try.
I love this place! My fiance and I have been here several times, and try to go only on special occasions. All the ingredients are always so fresh and delicious. Ambiance and service have always been excellent except for this one time when a new and young waiter was serving us. My fiance once got the chicken liver mousse to start, and didn't like it. It wasn't because of the way it was prepared, but he realized it didn't match his palate. After the appetizer plates were cleared, the host came up to him and asked what was wrong... and offered another dish. He explained what happened, and still encouraged him to get something else as a substitute. We were so taken aback by his service! I always love their specials, esp. their desserts. I don't even have a sweet tooth, but their desserts are unique and tasty. I loved their sourdough waffle sundae!!!! MMM. Definitely a must go. Not pretentious at all. Very lovely restaurant!
Although we've been there many times before, this was the 1st time we tried their "Sunday Bottomless BBQ". All you can eat for $28. Ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, slaw, baked beans that keep coming until you cry "Uncle"! Ribs and pulled pork was excellent, beans firm and tasty, slaw was ...slaw. Brisket though delicious was a little too firm. All were washed down with Sam smith's Oatmeal Stout, one of the many good beer choices from their menu. My wife and I left full and happy. Plates Bottomless BBQ is a good choice for a Sunday meal.
Plates is the second place I've tried since moving to Larchmont and although the food was fairly good, I wasn't overly impressed. It has a nice homely feel to it and the service was decent. For appetizers we ordered the short rib tacos on special that were very tasty but about the size of my pinky. For an entree I ordered the pork chop which was good, but a little on the dry side. My fiancé had the burger which was very good, but how can you really mess that up. I was a little disappointed after reading all the positive reviews, but maybe I set my hopes too high. I would give it another try one day but would like to check out some other places in the area first.
The atmosphere was very cozy. They have a cute little bar w/ an oyster happy hour special, which I always appreciate. I believe on this particular night they offered: Blue point oysters for $1 and 30% off bottles of wine ordered at the bar before 7:00. I had a cocktail which looked appealing but was not very good, but I managed to force it down. The bartender was a little obnoxious, but once we moved into the restaurant for dinner. we had a cozy little spot and the service was nice and the food was was good.
The best dining experience we've had in Westchester, so the five star rating is relative to the area.  That being said, one has to reward a chef that is bringing genuine fine dining to the burbs.  The selections on the menu are inventive and creative, but equally appealing are the more standard but delectable specials that focus on the quality of the ingredients available that day.  The atmosphere is charming and it is a great place for a romantic dinner for two.
The menu contains an array of fine dishes.  I found too many choices on the menu which I wanted to try.  Therefore the group that I visited with decided to order different plates and share.  But just remember to save room for the desert sample.
Plates looks like a house, so as my mom and I approached it we were all "Where is this place? Did we miss it?" But no, that white house IS the restaurant. The inside is fittingly homey and charming, and the staff is friendly. The menu is somewhat limited if you're a vegetarian or a picky eater, but the chef is willing to accomodate so it's all good. To start, my mom had the tuna tartare and I had the spinach and beet salad. Both were yummy and well-seasoned. We shared the pizza appetizer (w/brie and pear) and homemade fettuccine (sans lardon) for our main course. More yum! The salted chocolate caramel tart was decent (how wrong could that go, really?), but I'd try a different dessert next time.
Our go to date/special occasion place.  It's a neighborhood gem.   Great drinks, atmosphere, food, and desserts.  Great management and waitstaff as well.  Menu changes from time to time and is always fresh.  Indoor and outdoor available.  Afterwards you can walk to the village and enjoy all it has to offer as well.   Love it!
I enjoyed my visit with the wife, as we were heading out of the city.   This restaurant suffers the "suburban gourmet restaurant" paradox which is that it has to be too much and too many things in order to make some money and stay in business.    But admirable selection, tasty, and hard working folks.   If I lived in the area I'd be a regular.
The food here is AMAZING. MY fiance and I have been here twice now, and both times we were blown away. The tuna tartar and phyllo shrimp are so delicious. My fiance got the two beef special, which was served with a butternut squash puree -- the steak literally melted in your mouth and the squash puree was the perfect complement. I got the grilled chicken breast, which was juicy and flavorful. I'm not a dessert person, but we got the blueberry pie to share. It was served with corn ice cream, so we got a scoop of vanilla on the side, in case the corn flavor wasn't for us. We didn't need the vanilla. The corn ice cream and warm blueberry pie were PERFECT together. We have vowed to come back here at least twice a month -- probably on Wednesdays, when it's BYOW and there's no corking fee. Great place.
I was there for a private party so I can't rate the operations on a regular night.  The food was outstanding, the waitstaff friendly, the drinks were superb and the dessert...PHENOMINAL.. All I can say is they make home-made ring-dings!  Booyah!
Came here with my bf on Valentine's Day.  This is a review on their V Day Pre-Fixe menu.  All the dishes we had were presented very well.  The highlight of the meal for me were the appetizers and the deserts.  They served us the tuna tartar (on the house) while we were waiting for our meals to come.  It was light, but full of flavors.  Yum!!  We had the foie gras duo and mozzarella roulades for appetizers.  Since this is my first time ever having foie gras, I was a bit skeptical on duck livers tasting any good.  To my surprise, it was delicious!  It practically melted in my mouth!  My bf's mozzarella roulades was simple, yet the quality of the mozzarella was superb!  For entree, I ordered grilled trout and bf had sirloin.  Again, both dishes were beautifully presented, but the actual taste left a lot to desire.  The trout was tender and fresh, but it was not seasoned enough to the point that it actually tasted fishy after a few bites.  My bf's sirloin steak was quite good, but the fries it came with was soggy.  The dinner bread itself was good, but the roasted red pepper relish spread it came with tasted burnt.  The deserts, on the other hand, were very good.  We had the chocolate souffle (came with a scoop of chocolate ice cream) and yellow ice cream cake.  The ice cream were made on the premise, and it was light and delicious.  As a Valentine's Day treat, they gave us a plate of homemade sweets (pieces of chocolates, marshmallows, brownies, and caramel), and a rose for me!  BF and I loved the caramel.  It was sweet, but with a little bit of saltiness to it. Overall, I rate this place 3.5 stars.  I took half a star off because I was not impressed with the entree, and I took one whole star off because of our waitress.  She wasn't rude by all means, but her lack of knowledge of the food on the menu (she actually mentioned there was strawberry in the souffle, when there is none!), and clumsiness (dropped the box of homemade sweets we asked to bring home, which caused all the sweets inside crumbled into one sweet mess!  She didn't apologize or offer to replace it for us.) was just unbelievable for this high quality and $$$ restaurant.  The chef himself came out and greeted all the customers, which was nice and welcoming.  The decor in the restaurant is very heart-warming and adorable (for the V Day, they had real rose petals from the entrance mat to the countertops in the restaurant + beautiful flowers&floating candles, etc.). Unfortunately, the seating area is very cramped.  I think it was set up especially for the Valentine's Day, but  the tables are literally right next to each other.  It was very awkward when the lady next to our table was going, "yum yum yum!" as BF and I were deciding our desert choices.  Despite of the waitress and the eavesdropping lady,  I'm curious enough go back to check out their regular menu sometime.  I love how they treat food like art here. Beautiful & delicious dishes = Happy in my tummy and in my eyes!  10 STARS for my best BF to plan out such a romantic evening for us!
What a cute and cozy place!  My fiance and I went on Saturday evening for dessert and drinks to celebrate our anniversary.  Seated in a great spot at the bar, we were entertained by their bartender who was knowledgeable and very friendly. We had the warm country doughnuts with cinnamon ice cream and the strawberry banana ice cream cake.  Let me tell you, both were to die for.  It's all in the details.. the donuts would have been great on their own but with the homemade cinnamon ice cream, fresh strawberry garnish and mini chocolate chip cookie on the side, it was a complete package of deliciousness.  The flavors of the ice cream of the cake were also very fresh and lovely.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because we can't judge the full experience since we only had desserts.  I have no doubt I'll be doing another review in the future as our experience last night was stellar.
The word that comes to mind is charming. This is the second time here for us, both times during restaurant week. Old house charm, cozy but not too close to the next table. I prefer sitting on the lower level - back is a few steps up. Staff is friend and attentive. Luckily we were not in a rush and enjoying our cocktails/wine because the restaurant week volume cause a bit of a delay with our food. Certainly understandable. Pappardelle with chicken and duck bolognese sauce was great, pan seared char was nicely done. Desserts were impressive. Wish it was closer for us, would be back more often...
Went to Plates in search of locally-inspired seasonal food and was not disappointed. I enjoyed their housemade gravlox for an appetizer and the soft shell crab tempura special for my entrée. They have a nice wine list and dessert menu too. The parking isn't great right next to the restaurant, but there is a park right there with a couple of lots so that's not a big deal. They have a bar area and then a dining area, and I appreciated that we could see the TV since the Yankees were playing. A nice evening, very enjoyable.
The food is always consistent.  My wife and I enjoy the restaurant everytime we go.  The seasonal dishes are tops.  They also cater to special dietary needs i.e. Gluten intolerences, Diary allergies.
Food was good and fresh.  It was not as special as expected. Pleasant place to dine and enjoy a conversation. Not overly crowded.
The best place in Larchmont. Just go!!!
Plates Restaurant is such a wonderful place. I love how the place looks like a house. It really made me feel like I'm home. The waiters also was friendly and fast. They know what to recommend if you don't know anything on the menu. The food was very good also. They always serve it with class. The first time I came here, I just picked my food randomly, and my food was exceptional. I will definitely come back to this place.
The perfect lunch: grilled squid over field greens, tuna tartare over avocado with taro chips, and a glass of crisp, well-balanced Tocai.  Best spot for lunch or dinner in the area, no contest.
I went there at 5:45 on Friday with reservation - so we got great seats by the window.  The service was good and food was very tasty.  They offered half portion for duck ravioli, which was nice as my mom was not that hungry. Each plate was a good size - NOT oversized and that was really nice. I enjoyed the stuffed squid for appetizer.  I had scallops on top of Rizotto, which tasted great, too. The dessert was excellent. The only thing was that they ignored my request of writing a message on the dessert plate, which was a huge disappointment.  We wanted to surprise my uncle who was visiting from overseas.
Very comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere with upscale food. The wait staff is professional and courteous. Every visit has been a positive experience; the best restaurant I've been to in the area.
Love this place.  Service is always great - from the friendly and knowledgable bartender (Chris) to the wait-staff - and of course the owner!  Also, the clientele seems great.  We've sat down for a happy hour special and a bunch of times and ended up having really nice experiences with other patrons.  Just a great place!  Highly, highly recommend.  Can't beat the location either if you want to hop off the train, grab a great dinner and hop back on!  Give yourself a few hours though - because between the wine, the food, the people - you may not want to leave anytime soon!
Plates restaurant is a small country cottage that's nestled in a bucolic little park right in the heart of Larchmont, NY. Chef Karp has a cooking resume to die for, probably one of the best I've ever seen in Westchester. His dishes are creatively prepared and artistically garnished. Just what one would expect from a chef of his pedigree. Why only three stars then? Because it's Chef Karp's restaurant and ultimately he's responsible for absolutely everything that the diner experiences (or doesn't) while there. I decided to check out Plates midweek and right after dinner service started so that I could experience it without a crowd. It's a tiny place and can get very cramped quickly. My plan worked as I was the only diner in the restaurant. I was seated at a beautiful table by the window and immediately noticed that my seat had not been cleaned of the breadcrumbs from the lunch service hours earlier. The hostess/waitress did not notice. I was given a menu and it had a nice red thumbprint of tomato sauce on it. This went unnoticed also. My appetizer was a generous portion of Fettuccine Alfredo that had a poached egg on top. Very tasty and rich. It had fresh squeezed garlic on top which, to my taste, overwhelmed the subtle dish a bit but, I'm not a big garlic lover and most people seem to be. The homemade noodles were soft and luscious and absorbed the cream and egg sauce justly. I had a fish entree that came with some greens...possibly spinach...but the greens were gritty with sand. Someone did not rinse them properly and it was a shame as it made a potentially great dish only "OK". Obviously a chef/owner can't do everything themselves and has to delegate tasks. I think that maybe one problem at Plates is that the kitchen is on the floor below the restaurants main dining area. The chef can't peek out to read the vibes of the room. As a matter of fact, I was very disappointed that Chef Karp didn't come up to say hello at all. I was almost the only diner there at the time. I would have loved to meet him and talk food for awhile. The waitress was very polite, but as one reviewer mentioned before, not very knowledgeable. This is a high end restaurant and the servers were just average polite kids and not commensurate with what is needed for a restaurant of this caliber. Case in point, the bartender was having a very loud conversation with a few other co-workers about...let me say...a subject that was not very "appetizing," and that's putting it mildly. I could hear him on the far side of another room. Plates has a lot of potential to be great, I just think the staff needs more supervision by Chef Karp.
Now I almost want to give them 5 stars but I reserve those for once in a blue moon experiences and although this place was excellent, I'm not sure I could stretch it to that, a solid 4 1/2 it is. I made reservations on a Friday night to celebrate my friends birthday. I would never know about this place because I live in the city but the birthday girl lives in the burbs and this was her party. I mentioned on open table that it was a birthday so when we walked in and sat down, they immediately brought over a glass of prosseco for us. More restaurants should adopt this level of service. I was completely enamored with the place now. It's a cute little atmosphere, mostly dates, a few multiple couples tables and a few dad's with their teenage daughters. The inside is adorable and you feel like you're having a nice meal in someones quaint little cottage. On to the food. We started with the stuffed squid salad and this was very unique. It was squid stuffed with chorizo over a bed of mixed greens. The portion was huge and more than enough for two to share. We also ordered the fig flat bread which was definitely more like a pizza. Fig, bleu cheese and dough, how can you go wrong? For our main entree we decided to split the pork chop. It was served with a cherry sauce, a square of potato gratin and a green that I want to say was bok choy. The cherries on top really just made the flavor of this dish. The pork chop was quite sizable, maybe just a tad on the dry side, but all in all a satisfying dish. Between the two of us we couldn't finish all that we had ordered. The wine list was above average and we ordered the Educated Guess Cabernet. I personally would have gone with the one Merlot they offered by the bottle but hey, it wasn't my party. For dessert they brought over what I think was the ding dong or whatever other people talk about in their reviews and I found it to be a bit dry but it was a very nice touch as a complimentary treat for the birthday girl. Now I'm not sure that I'll find myself in Larchmont any time soon but if I did, I would definitely revisit.
Enjoyed the delicious beef and greens salad -- perfectly dressed -- couldn't have been better, followed by entrees of duck breast and wonderful scallops with kale chips and creamed cauliflower.  We had to ask for bread, but when it came, it was deliciously fresh with sweet butter and smoked red pepper coulis. Atmosphere was charming; service gracious and attentive. Would have given them five stars, except for one minor and one major problem.  Minor problem -- the entree plates should be warmed to maintain the temperature of the food;  major problem -- when we were brought the bill for two salads, two entrees, and three glasses of wine it was $230!!!  When we checked, it included several entrees ordered by another table.  Although they brought a corrected bill, there was no real apology, no offer of free coffee or dessert.  Oddly, a similar thing happened on a previous visit  -- they forgot to serve us a couple of sides, but charged for them anyway.   In short, enjoy the food and atmosphere, but CHECK THE BILL.
I could almost throw a rock and hit this place from my house.  My kids play in the park behind it.  I've been there maybe a dozen times, sometimes for drinks and "happy hour", sometimes for dinner.  Both with my wife (including a HORRIBLE Valentine's Day experience), with my family and with friends.  The food is mostly mediocre for the price.  The appetizers (half price at commuter hour) can be pretty good.  The bar can be fun, but is hit or miss (and has a crappy beer selection).  The owners seem like nice people, and I suspect they have a lot of talent.  And the physical facility is very nice, and is an awesome location (at least for the Murray area of Larchmont, which has a fairly large population of people who can afford a nice meal).  Sadly, it is more of a failure than a success.  I hold out hope, because it's so convenient to me, it would sure be nice if they got their act together.  Someday.
