This is my new go to spot for burgers in New Rochelle. I'm going to keep this review quick and painless. 1. This place looks like a crappy fast food joint on the outside. When you go in, you will be pleasantly surprised. They have enough seating for about thirty people or so and they tried to model it after an old school diner. 2. Order your burger "pow style". The patty is juicy and will not overwhelm you with grease. All the veggies are nice and crunchy. The pow sauce tastes similar but better than the famous "Big Mac" sauce.  The bun is also delicious and will not be drowning in grease. 3. order the sweet potato fries! They're a huge portion so if you have a friend, you definitely want to share 4.i had a small vanilla shake was was also awesome. They hand dip their shakes which is an added bonus!   I will come back to try their hot dogs. If you pass by this place and it appears to be empty, don't be misled. They get a lot of bursts of take out traffic. I was the only one there at the time and before I knew it there was a line to the door. The parking lot here is tight but manageable. This is a burger worth traveling a few miles for. If you're in neighboring areas of new Rochelle and are craving a great straight to the point quality burger.... Take the trip!
I am moving out of New Rochelle in a few weeks and am totally bummed that I won't be able to get my favorite burger whenever I want :'( Don't worry, I will still make the drive from time to time as it's THAT GOOD! The burgers are old school in the best way possible, fries always crisp salted perfectly. When I'm going for a full on indulgence, the milkshakes are off the hook!! We're having it tonight!
Ordered the double cheeseburger with shoestring fries. Shoestring fries were not shoestring fries, they were regular fries with the skin. I ordered the cheeseburger with everything on it and it was pretty bland. It was hard to eat the burger because it was falling apart and pretty wet from the rest of the condiments they drown the patties in. Also not worth the price. The service was great. The woman taking my order was very friendly and attentative. But probably not going back.
If you're looking for an amazing burger in Westchester, check out POW Burger. It is very comparable to Five Guys in that the burgers are large, juicy, cooked fresh, and a little messy. However, POW Burger also has some characteristics that makes it all it's own including the old-school diner decor, glass bottles of Coke, hot dogs, and chili. You will find yourself paying extra for the premium burger toppings (fried egg, extra cheese, chili, sour cream, etc.) but the more common toppings come free of charge. I highly recommend the double cheeseburger POW style!
By far the best burger around the area. Just tried Burgers, Shakes and Fries this week and they could not live up to the flavor and taste of the POW burger.  Later that day happened to be across the street from them and wanted to go sooo badly but couldn't... Been going through the list, BGR, Five Guys, etc and nothing else compares. Still having my cravings for my POW Burger with Guacamole  but will have to wait since it's Sunday :( Do agree that they need to step up and be more conscious about keeping up on the cleaning... I do want them around for a long time....
I think I had an orgasm when I bit into the burger and all I had was a single cheeseburger with no toppings. I must try the pow burger!!!!!!! BEST BURGER EVER
Yelpers who gave this place 3 stars are completely wrong!!! It is unfortunate that some reviewers give great places a bad name after just one visit- when chances are they didn't know what to order. I have eaten at AJs, Shake Shack, and grew up with In-and-out and I am convinced that nothing is as good as POW Burger... Also, several friends visiting from California overwhelming agree and they can't wait to come back to this place on their next visit!!! BTW, I don't work for POW and I do not know the owner personally. I am just a guy who  loves fresh, REAL burgers and loves it even more when burgers are done right!
Pow burgers are fine... (I'm spoiled from amazing fresh burger huts, esp. in Cali). Lots of promise here (open kitchen, cooked-to-order). I got the Pow-style burger and the predominant flavor notes were salt and grease. Sweet potato fries were okay - reminded me of Trader Joe's frozen variety. Pow did satisfy my burger craving, but my tummy got sick from grease later that night :( IMHO, POW can significantly improve with: less fatty patty, warmed buns, hand-leafed lettuce (instead of machine shredded pieces), more sauce on the burger, better pickle distribution, less carbonation in soda machine (seriously, it burned my tongue!) Funny side note: next door is "Chickens gone wild" and when we were there, someone was getting arrested in front of the store. PS Owner and associate will send PMs if they don't like your review, complain to Yelp, and get review removed :) Yelp with caution zone here!
These burgers are better than Five Guys' and In-and-Out's put together. Seriously. I crave these burgers because they are just that damn good. I love how they give you so many options for toppings here (unlike other places) which is awesome! Honestly, I've never gotten anything other than a pow style burger because it's such a good burger. Aioli is their gift to your tastebuds on the delicious vehicle that is their burger. Honestly, I've taken everyone here: my long distance boyfriend, extended family, immediate family, friends and hell, I've even recommended it to complete strangers when they ask for good eats around New Rochelle (because it can be intimidating if you don't know where to look). Well, if you want a fresh, filling, and perfectly made burger, you will go no further than POW!
It was ok.  Someone here said it was better than smash burger.  I think not.  Comparable to five guys.
This place would have gotten 4 or 5 stars from he had the place been clean, but it wasn't. And it's not like they were busy or full of little kids. When I walked in, there was 1 table with 2 or 3 people who finished and left before I finished ordering, so I was there by myself. Dirty tables, french fries on the floor and crumbs all over. That being said, the POW Burger was delicious! One of the best fast food burgers I've ever had, but management needs to step in and step it up.
This is the most delicious burger I've ever had.
I took a trip to New Rochelle's New Roc City for a bday party. It was my first time up in this area, so I did a Yelp search of the area to see if there was any good eats around. My first choice, AJ's burgers was a little bit too far to walk, so I settled for Pow burger. I'm not sure if this is a chain or not. Small place with a few tables that's located in a strip of stores.  The burger was pretty good. It was made fresh (no frozen patties),  the grill is visible from the tables. I guess they cook them all the same way since they never asked  how I wanted it cooked. I would have preferred it medium but the burger was still juicy. The sweet potato fries, were good even though they were the frozen variety. The guys working behind the counter were cool. All in all, not a bad place to stop if you are in the area.
Our re-fueling station after a long couple of climbs.  Favorite so far is the dirty dogs.  I get mine w/sweet onions and bacon.  Burgers are tasty, but love the patty melt option.  When I feel bad, i get chili fries.  I so un-did all my hard work.   Can get pretty crowded, so it's kind of not recommended to come in a big group (like we always do).  No worries.  I too busy scarfing down all my food, I don't need to be at a table too long.
The best turkey burgers in NYS hands down, I have one atleast twice a week.  Well -Seasoned juicy soft bun and all the toppings in the world. 5star burger
Best burger place around! My pregnant wife is constantly craving them. Awesome people there too. I can't recommend them enough! They aren't open on Sundays.
No lie.. One of the best burgers I've had in Westchester. And I'm the type of guy that puts everything on his burger and I'm not for sloppy burgers.. Their burgers are huge and neat.. As far as the taste, it is extremely flavorful and very well seasoned. It is a little pricy but you get what you pay for and you are paying for an amazing burger. Definite come back!
I got a few good words for this place and no bad ones. First off no matter how busy service is extra fast burgers are delicious and soooo juicy fries hot fresh and crispy just like fries should be. Shakes are great thick and full of flavor, one more interesting and very cool thing the vintage coke fridge and those ice cold glass bottle cokes. Pow five guys pow in your face. I can't wait to go again!!!!!!
Went to Pow for the first time a couple of days ago. Passed by it running errands and stopped in. I am floored. Where has this place been hiding? Saw another reviewer compared it to In and Out - never been there, but I like the comparison. This is perhaps the best burger joint in southern Westchester. Food - both the meat and the condiments - were fresh. The fries were strong and tight, not gloppy and soft like some places. The staff was beyond friendly and engaged. The place itself is small but fun, and while it's relatively unknown now, that'll change soon. This part of New Ro has seen plenty of restaurants come and go. Please, let's keep this place going. Hoping the college kids keep it afloat.
Love Pow Burger!!! Reminds me of In n Out from the west coast. The meat is never frozen always fresh! I had the Pow burger with fries and my favorite the chilli!!! So so good already have been there about 58835 times!
The best burger in westchester so far and i have tried a bunch. The manager greeted us as we walked in and my son was impressed at how friendly they were compared to most other burger places.  We plan to go there again rather than 5 guys. The price was not cheap but definitely worth it. I give it 5 stars
Pow Burger is amazing!  It's like In-n-Out, Johnny Rockets and Shake Shack combined into one.  Make sure to get your burger 'Pow Style.'   The fries are heavenly and bountiful (like you literally can share a regular serving of fries).  I don't lie (about food or anything) so check out Pow Burger if you're ever in New Ro.  :)
This place is pretty nice. The food was fresh and I like the fact you can see them making your food. I just felt like the burger was a little bit to small.  It's not something I would go crazy for since I'm a big fan of five guys. They need to come up with something that would make them stand out like five guys with the extra scoop of fries in the bag or like cheeburger cheeburger with the one pound burger. If anyone would ask me if I would go back I would say yea since it's not to far from where I live at and the burger does taste good.
Food is very good. Staff is very friendly and polite.  The girl at the cashier is really cute. ;)
This is a great burger joint. Not greasy, tasty, cooked perfectly, good size portion. Had delicious grilled mushrooms with cheese and ohhh the chocolate milkshake was yummy. The place itself is small but a feel of old time decor feels like a fifties throwback. I can't see one spending five bucks at McD's when the taste and quality here is far superior.
I have lived in New Ro my whole life. These are the best burgers in town. No question.
Food here is delicious!  From the fresh juicy burgers (with amazing toppings & sauces), to the chili cheese fries, hot dogs, & classic ice cream shakes.....you just can't go wrong!  I love the retro decor & the vintage soda machine with glass coke bottles.  Staff & owner are super friendly & really humble :)  Can't wait to go back ....my kids & i love it here!! Puts Five Guys & Smash burger to shame!!
Stumbled upon this gem of a burger joint earlier in the week. Went back on Friday night with the husband. The Pow burger is off the hook. Place is clean and vibe is friendly. Menu is simple. Prices are very reasonable. QUALITY IS EXCELLENT. this is the new spot for burgers for us! May this new little restaurant business thrive!
Such a cute little gem! The decor was so trendy, creating a great vibe. Service was friendly and fast. You could deff tell that the meat was fresh and not frozen. Topping off the meal with a nice chocolate shake made my meal complete! I will be back soon, so yes it is worth the visit!
I live right down the block & Pow Burger is beyond AWESOME! Burgers are never over cooked, toppings are always fresh & fries are crispy. The only reason I didnt give 5 stars is because they do not deliver.
I do not know how they do it, but I love their french fries and sweet potato fries. Also, their hamburgers taste fresh all the time.
Addictive burgers! Well done.
Love this place. The burger is amazing and made right in front of you! Get the chili cheese fries
Delicious. Best burger ever.
This is one of the best burger joints I have ever been to. They're juicy...not greasy, and cooked to a perfect medium. Great flavor, nice toppings...The milkshakes and fries are outstanding too. Good thing I don't live closer ;)
