Great food, super friendly staff, but $9 for a bottle of Amstel Light? Seriously? Too many alternatives in the area that do not attempt to take advantage of my habit.
Hands down the best Italian Restaurant I've ever visited anywhere in the US. The food was amazing, the staff and owners are some of the nicest people I've ever met. I go back every chance I get.
Came here for the first time with two of my friends.  It is a quaint place with a lot of movement and huslte and bustle that would make any restaurant envious.  We were quiclkly seated and one of their very knowledgeable waiters came to us and introduced us to how they work.  There is no menu as they buy their produce and proteins fresh every day to be used only for the day.  He went down the list of appetizers and entrees and gave us time to make our decisions.  He also said that it is family style eating. We started with a caprese salad (tomato, an ENTIRE BALL of mozzarella) and some basil.  WOW..huge.  Our entrees came and they were equally huge.  I got the sword fish with definitely could have fed me for two meals.  My friend got the butterflied shrimp which was one huge Tiger shrimp and my other friend got the filet mignon, huge as well.  The food was extremely delicious. Then comes the bill...$144 tip not included.   This is where gimmicks like theirs falls short and is embarrassing (silently) for some.  While I am not straped for cash we all felt that $144 for three people was way too much.  WAY TOO MUCH.  Yes, the waiter did say the portions were enough to feed two people.  When you are not presented with a menu and prices (their reasoning is that the menu changes every day -- hello, have you ever heard of a computer printer??) you can make wise  decisions.  Here is the breakdown: caprese salad:$20, sword fish $36, one tiger shrimp with half the meat as the sword fish $34 and the filet mignon $44.   WARNING:  Share an entree with someone else.  As a matter of fact order for one as their portions are generous (and their prices too high) and split it with someone.  Also, don't be embarrassed to ask the price of something.  We didn't and I am sure that if we had, they would have told us.  They are extremely friendly and I saw many customers (repeats, obviously) who got hugs and were on a first name basis with the staff etc. They serve very good food.  Just split everything and you'll be fine.  I will definitely come back.
this is Proper Italian food, Pastas made fresh cant get any better than that. Pricey yes but its worth the price when it comes to food. Grass feed meat would recommend this place to anyone looking for a meal that's both amazing and filling at the same time.
I felt like the owner is friendly only to those people she likes (and who look like they have the money to spend).   We went here for dinner and our order took more than an hour.  So frustrating as I even complained because the other customers who came later than us were entertained first and had their food served first.  The owner did not even talk to us or visit our table. Food tastes great but a little pricey. (guess that's the reason  we weren't entertained) Worth giving a try especially if pasta is your favorite.  And now they have the menu.
The food is all excellent, but the pastas are perfect. The noise level takes a bit away and that's my only negative.  We are used to NYC prices so I thought it was reasonable, but I can see that others believe it high for the location -- but in my mind it's cheap for the food.
Best place in town! The real Italian food!
Had dinner last night with 5 friends. Spectacular meal.  No menu. Owner sizes your party up and just starts bring out food. Has a liquor license now with wine. Feels like going to a dinner party or dinner at someone's home. Started with toasted fresh garlic bread, antipastas were next then pastas (which were a bit too al dente) and then steak and whole fish.  The setting is not romantic but the warmth of the restaurant is.  The cost was half that of Manhattan.
I love this place!!!!  From the minute you walk in, Rena and her staff treat you like family.  I feel as though I am at her house for a dinner party.  The wine is flowing and the atmosphere is jovial.  I also love that it's not some snooty, pretentious quiet place.  Everyone here is enjoying themselves and you feel that great energy the minute you walk through the door. My favorite thing here is the Buccattini A'Matraciana.  It is one of their pasta dishes and I cannot imagine going here and not having it.  It is porky, a little bit spicy and out of this world fantastic!    The antipasi is amazing with a huge variety and vegetables that are fresh and simply prepared by oh so delicious.  My addiction to dandelion greens with lemon started here!   If you have room for a grilled meat, the veal chop is to die for.  Very simply prepared with a bit of salt and pepper and then grilled and with a fresh squeeze of lemon over the top - it's always perfect!!!  And, perfect to share. They don't rush you out - which they could.  They don't take their patronage for granted - which they also could since they are always packed.  And they ALWAYS treat you like family.  Nothing better in Westchester.
Hands down the BEST Italian food in New Rochelle!  Why this restaurant isn't famous is beyond me!  I love the food and love the staff!  They make me feel like I'm home! :)
Great place but kind of overrated.  The food is always fresh and delicious and I don't think I have every received a bad plate of food, BUT the food here is similar to 70% of restaurants in Milan and Florence throughout my travels.   I am never a big fan of a no menu kind of place.  I understand the ingredients are fresh and they mix the menu up daily but, there are many times where getting the bill I have been shocked.  I guess I could always ask, but it's kind of off putting to ask, "oh by the way how much is...?" The service is great, but that's because there is maybe 6-8 tables and 3-4 people serving.  This being said a reservation is almost mandatory.  I walked in once and was seated but I would suggest a reservation.  The staff is mostly comprised of Family members from Rome Italy and they are knowledgeable about what they are serving, but sometimes they over hype some of the dishes or ingredients.  Maybe it's because I am Asian (my father is Italian) they explained Burrata (Mozzarella w/ cream inside) as if they were the only people that carried it and if it was hard to import.  First off burrata is in an good Italian store and I have tried it numerous times since I used to live in Morris Park.  Second it was good but not game changing.  These little things are typical of any Italian restaurant since most Italians think they are the kings of the world and think their food is the best.  I agree Italian food is great but not the end all be all and this applies to Spadaro also. The meats are great and always perfectly cooked.  The pasta is freshly made and has killer sauce.  The cheesecake (chocolate) is the best I have ever had. In the end it's the best Italian food in New Rochelle, one of the best in Westchester, and a top 10 in NYC, but like I mentioned in the start of the review many family owned restaurants in Italy are this good.   So come with a hungry belly and a open wallet
You wouldn't know it from the outside but this is a fantastic little familial restaurant. Super fresh food including fantastic Buffalo Mozzarella. They'll decide what to serve you if you let them, no need for a menu. Just let them know what you like and it seems to change daily. I believe they only serve wine, not a full bar, really thats all you need with a cozy place and great food like this.
This  Little Place is one of the best kept secrets in Westchester county. Its Family Run Husband in the kitchen and Wife and Sister-in-Law waiting Tables. There is a Menu its just different everyday. According to what ever was fresh that day at the Market. Keyword "Fresh" Fresh fish, Fresh Pasta, Fresh veggies everything tastes better when you use good ingredients. Defiantly is the most authentic Italian (Roman to be precise) food in Westchester. it is very small and tight maybe 12 tables, so make sure you make Reservations. This restaurant is always my first choice for special events.
Seriously the best Italian food I've ever had!!! ...And I used to work at Carmine's in the city. I have to admit, I was scared to try this place because of their cheap looking exterior and not so appealing sign (for all you Foodnetwork junkies, it looks like a place that would be on restaurant impossible from the outside). But after living in New Rochelle for 3 years, I can't believe I overlooked this place. The experience is one of a kind... No menus, only fresh organic ingredients, awesome old school Italian ambience, excellent service (you tell them what you like and they make something just for you)... Favorites were the non-breaded, no cheese, eggplant Parmesan, any of their hand made pastas they offer, and the white tiramisu. This place is worth driving to from any distance to find out what real Italian food is all about.
No words can describe it you just need to go and fall in love. No menu, everything changes depending on what they bought fresh. Always and I mean always amazing.  Must make a reservation or chances are you will not be seated... Even on weekdays. You will not be disappointed and you'll be back!
Wow! Wow! Wow! I felt like I was eating at my Nonna's table in her kitchen in Italy.  No menu!  Whatever is fresh for the day is what you get. You desire something, ask. Buffalo Ricotta on toasted italian bread (from the grill) drizzled with top notch olive oil and a sprinkle of salt...need I say more?? Caramela Pasta filled with goat cheese...hand made..in the shape of candy wrapped taffy..it just melted in your mouth. The prosciutto was on the money.  What are you in the mood for?? Rena will call it out to the chef and it's done!! It really was like being at my Nonna's house..(insert heavy italian accent) "You no eat, what I make you? You wanna pasta? Steak? Wait, wait, Nonna makes you something nice."  BAM! Gourmet in 10 minutes. Make reservations or you are not getting in!!
Wednesday night reservations for 6:30 PM.  Started off with antipasti of cured meats, cheeses including fresh buffalo mozzarella, proscuitto, olives, artichoke hearts. Then we had the mussels with wine and garlic, eggplant in tomato sauce....to die for!   The papardelle with lamb ragu and baby lamb chops.  3 bottles of Chianti and triple expresso and we were done. Excellent service.  Rina knows I am big foodie guy so I let her do the ordering.  The gravy on the pasta and eggplant is so good you want to take with so you can have it at home.  Excellent and attentive service.....no rushing.  You don't have to go to Little Italy or Arthur Ave to find incredible Italian food like this.  Who cares there are no menus?  The menu changes from day to day.  Go to Olive Garden if you have to have menus!
Great food and traditional italian family style feel. No menu here, so come prepared with a reasonable background of knowledge in Italian foods. The pasta is the go-to dish but if you're willing to stray away from the usual, I would go for the branzino... it's really good. This place is as good as it gets.
You might be crazy if you don't think this is one of the best if not the best Italian restaurant in Westchester County. I'm not even getting into detail how good Spadaro is. You need to go try it for yourself. It would be like me giving a main part away in a good movie.
Went here for lunch today with my wife. Waitress came over and started going over the menu choices but there is no printed menu. So, we thought hey, that's cute. A couple of glasses of house Pinot Grigio, a starter of eggplant parm (shared) a veal chop, shared,  two house salads, 2 coffees, 1 tiramisu: Bill was $108 with out tip. Veal chop was $44. No menu, no prices.We are talking about lunch here at a neighborhood place in New Rochelle. Food was good but honestly, nothing terribly special. I thought this was a bit out of line price wise, but hey that's just me.
Tough call.  The no menu thing really does dominate conversation.  We ended up playing price is right.  Unfortunately, we were off on the wine which turned to be pretty expensive.  Apps were good, entrees okay and desserts awesome.  Place is definitely fun but the $$$tag is a little high for shoebox strip mall.
This restaurant is A M A Z I N G!! Super fresh, huge portions, great wine, friendly staff - reminiscent of Sunday Italian feasts at Grandma's house. I recommend making a reservation because it's always packed. This is definitely a neighborhood gem!
This restaurant is by far the most authentic Italian restaurant I have ever been to. It is right up there with some of the best restaurants in Italy and that says a lot. The portions are a good size, the service is great. The staff is very personable and explain the menu very well. I absolutely love this place and couldn't dissagree more with the negative comment that was written. Take a chance. You won't be dissappointed!!! It's the real deal.
Outstanding fresh food, wonderful warm and friendly staff. Loved every minute of our meal and every bite of food.
Best Italian meal I have had thus far.  This includes two trips to Italy.  Once the food started it never stopped.  Quaint, friendly atmosphere gives this place an authentic feel.  No menu, which was OK, because I could't have picked better selections myself.  This place is the real deal.
Simply put, the most authentic "Roman" restaurant in the New York Metro area (yes, I am including Manhattan). No menu, no pre-prepared food.  Awesome. Jack
So...I'm definitely a fan of Spadaros.  Food is fresh and delicious, and if you want something that's not on the menu, all you have to do is ask, and they'll make it for you.  Waitstaff is friendly and helpful.  Two thumbs up for the recent expansion.  It's doubled the seating area, and still the demand is high, so definitely make a reservation.  My one star deduction is based on the portion size relative to cost.  It was always pricey, and I'll gladly pay for good, healthy food, but with the expansion of the restaurant, the portion sizes have decreased....but the the prices haven't.  The linguini and clam sauce (in a regular sized, take out portion) is $26.00...that's a lot!
I really love this place it is easily the best Italian restaurant in Weschester.  The owners make the dining experience very special.  The bucatini amatriciana is as good as I had eaten when I lived in Rome and I have ordered that on several occasions.   My boyfriend and I like to make a later reservation because then we don't feel rushed to eat and on a few visits we were they last ones in the place - just the two of us and the owners and staff enjoying their meal at the table next to us.   And by the way - there is no menu they ask you what you are in the mood to eat and make suggestions.   We have never been disappointed.
I've been to Spadaro twice in the past month after it being recommended by a few people and all I can say is WOW. Both times we started with an anti pasta with salami and a selection of chunks of Italian cheese, a mozzarella caprese salad which came with a mozzarella ball twist about the size of a softball with fresh tomatoes and basil, and a huge bowl of eggplant parmagiana that was delicious! For main courses I've had the pasta carbonara, and pasta bolognase both which were excellent. My friends got the lamb ragu, and veal chops which they enjoyed. For dessert a plate of white and regular tiramisu hit the spot along with a sambucca expresso. The staff is friendly and make you feel at home. You can pick a bottle of wine off the shelf to have with your dinner or request a recommendation. I will be a regular at this place.
Traditional Italian with homemade pasta. For over fifty years delivering homemade pasta and hearty Italian fare. Do not worry about the lack of a menu you get what is fresh that season and that day. Ask for the specials and you cannot go wrong.
Spadaro is an amazing and warm restaurant with great food and a lovely atmosphere. The lighting and decor are cozy, and when you come in and are greeted by Rina, the owner, you really feel warm and at home. As people have mentioned, there is no menu and, correspondingly, the prices are opaque. If you're looking for a bargain, this is not the place to go. If, however, you want authentic, incredibly flavorful Italian food in a place that makes you feel warm and welcome, you'd be seriously remiss to not come here. Recently I had a squid ink pasta ("sepia", I think Rina called it) which was was unlike any I'd had before. The waitress proudly called it "the real deal", and I didn't understand what she meant until it came to the table. The ink coated the pasta in a thick, black layer which smeared the sides of the bowl as you mixed the pasta around, making me nervous about how it'd taste. But, oh, the taste!! It was rich in seafood flavor, reminiscent of lobster bisque, perfectly seasoned, and of course the pasta was perfectly al dente with bits of squid peppering the dish. I was absolutely floored. The bucatini a'matriciana is a regular favorite of mine, with thick noodles and a spicy tomato and pork-infused sauce, and the antipasti plates are numerous and delightfully delicious in their variety. Seriously, give this place a try and let Rina lead you through which dishes to order. When you finally push away from the table, full and content, you'll be so very glad you did.
Had a reservation for 5PM last Saturday when they opened.  When we entered we were given a choice of tables.  There was a party of 8 expected next to us and when they arrived they had ten and would have to split the party.   Seeing this my wife and I told the owner Rena we would be happy to move.. They relocated us and thanked us for moving as they only have 38 seats.  There  is no menu and the portions were large enough  for two.  The pasta course was bucatini spaghetti with the most delicious red sauce with a pork taste and slightly spicy.  After we finished our pasta a party of 8 arrived 40 minutes early which on this freezing cold night they didn't want to have to wait outside.  We could see that Rena was extremely reluctant to ask us to relocate a second time but we offered and just moved for the main course.. They not only appreciated our gesture but offerred our desserts on them.  The main course was a grilled sirloin steak which was also excellent.  I orderred the apple pie from one of the waiters for dessert and when our server Rashdi asked what I was having she said I should try the home made selections and recommended the amaretto cheesecake and was I glad I did.  Even though we live in New Jersey, I can't wait to return.
#1 tip: there is no menu thus no prices listed (comes out to $33/person ). #2 tip: food is family style so for 4 people get 2 starters (mussels were good and salad was basic) and one main dish: i recommend the veal. The restaurant is very small so call ahead, the black pasta was good, it surprised me but others might think the squid ink too messy and salty (but as i said, get the veal instead) Cheese cake dessert: skip it.
Truly great food tucked away in a strip mall on US 1. The pasta is worth traveling for if you're in the county; the authenticity is worth the visit also. Now to the particulars: Since expanding the dining room is now spacious enough to handle the dinner rushes the restaurant deservedly receives. The authenticity of the dining room flourishes however their are a few flaws. 1. The tin ceiling causes the dining room to become LOUD (I recall everyone at our table screaming, someone even pointing out how loud we had all gotten). 2. The bar features an obnoxious neon light, which not only blinds you as a guest, but attracts your eyes immediately to the bar, when the restaurant features an open kitchen. To the meal. The bread course substitute was a toast point with raw garlic, didn't see the purpose, but onto the meal. The caprese salad (served family style) was good, not great. By recommendation from a fellow foodie, I ordered the carbonara pasta (claimed by him to have been the best carbonara outside the motherland) was truly extraordinary, easily the best pasta course I've had north of Manhattan. Next came the Pasta Arrabiata (Fiery Tomato Sauce with Guanciale) which may have surpassed the Carbonara course prior as one of my favorite pasta courses ever (mind you I've ate pasta courses from eateries such as Del Posto and A Voce). We followed our pastas with some grilled items (Calamari, Pork Chops) which were simple and well seasoned but certainly not a cause for commotion. We passed on dessert. So how a four star review ? Average decor, service average at best, plenty of OK dishes. It's simple, the pasta is second to none in the county. As a matter of fact, I called my boss (a notable restaurateur) and told him it was worth the 40 minute drive. Last note, sorry to call out the service here, but an item we had originally ordered (on the menu) was said to have been not available. The waiter explained that the menu was seasonally driven and the item was not available. Sorry bud, not fooled here. As I mentioned before, I work as a line cook at a notable restaurant for a well recognized chef, so please don't explain to me how a product is not available when you simply "86" it. Sorry, not all consumers can be fooled.
Generic Italian restaurant set up in a small strip mall.  The owner was in evidence, but seemed to spend her time with the regulars.  As noted in other reviews, the restaurant is loud.  The vibe is low key with attire all over the map.  We were served some very good toasted bread with cloves of garlic after being seated.  The waitstaff were earnest but unexceptional.  Cocktails and wine by the glass were good.  Our favorite thing was the antipasto.  There was a generous serving of prosciutto, salame, olives, cheese, artichoke hearts and arugula.  It was really good and we enjoyed it.  The whole artichoke was very good, but bore no resemblance to fried Roman artichokes.  The eggplant parmigiana was OK.  Entrees were less successful.  The linguini with clam sauce was the favorite- the portion was enormous and the clams were really good.  The papardella with cinghiale was good.  There was a fettuccine carbonara special that substituted zucchini for ham that was OK.  The dish that was enjoyed the least was the gnocchi arugula.  The gnocchi was so so.  It was served with a bushel of grape tomatoes.  Two of our party ordered it and wished they hadn't.  I have read other comments about the restaurant being expensive- it isn't currently.  Cocktails and wine by the glass were around $10, give or take.  The most expensive thing that we ordered was the antipasto for two, which was $25.  Pastas were in the mid to upper teens.  Entrees were in the $20s, with maybe one thing above $30.  You can eat well here for a moderate amount of money.   Our meal started off strong but faded with the entrees.  We may have ordered wrong.  I would give this pleasant place another shot.
The positive reviews here about the food are all accurate (amazing authentic Italian food).  I typically order too much here unfortunately so my two cents for a couple eating here: order one salad to share (their house salad which has just lemon, salt and olive oil on it is the freshest tasting salads I've had and I now replicate their preparation style for my salads at home), one pasta and the steak, in three courses, and you will be quite pleased.  Many people do not realize that the chef/co-owner's prior restaurant in Rome was a steak house (Italian style) and they don't think to order the steak at Spadaro but it is delicious and somewhat unique in preparation compared to typical American steak houses (beef appears to be grass-fed, served sliced, with a little lemon over arugula and a nice char on it).   My reason for only giving 4 stars?  Five years ago when we first started eating at Spadaro I would have given 5 stars+ easily.  However, I personally think Spadaro has lost some charm since they renovated and doubled the size of the restaurant.  Rena the co-owner used to walk over and greet us (and every other table) every night we were there.  Now-she can't make it around the whole restaurant.  Also, they now have menus and are less family-style.  (And yes--the menus have prices on them--the reviews saying there are no prices are out-of-date).  I also agree with some others that prices are a little steep.  Also, since the renovation it has become quite loud--they need some noise-absorbing decor to soften the tin ceiling and tile flooring.  Still - I have to recommend it overall.  And as I'm typing this I am starting to crave their pasta!
The food is all around amazing and authentic. I went here for lunch and everything was insane like i was chilling on the back porch of my grandmummys house in tuscanini being fed like a fat little spoilt brat and loving every second of it. Cant wait to go back for dinner
Real deal Italian! Spaghetti Vongole... my litmus test for good Italian was perfect. Gnocchi... spot on. Antipasti really high quality treats. Nice service. Some healthy choices... a nice Farro salad. You can't ask for much more. Not cheap... but reasonable considering the level of excellence! Winner!!
Called less than 2 hours before I wanted to come, easily got a reservation. Arrived, seated immediately, place was full and buzzing. Had mojitos, pretty yummy although inconsistent. One was sweet, one was tart, but not a huge deal. The waiter Ellis was very helpful, knowledgeable and just made out experience better! He recommended the specials, meatballs and a pasta dish with eggplant, olives, capers, cherry tomatoes...they were all absolutely delicious! I really really enjoyed the sauce from both the meatballs and the pasta! We also had pork chops which were beautifully grilled. Lemon tiramisu was just a perfect end to a lovely meal! Will definitely return here!
This was the first time at this restaurant  first of all let me say that the prices are out of site more expensive than New York Example caprise salad 21.00 are you kidding  egg plant parm app. 18.00. But the food was very good. Service just ok We had salad  and egg plant app and linguine with clam sauce 2 glasses of wine 108.00 way too much
Went here with my family and friends to celebrate my boys' b-day.  I understand the restaurant bought add'l space, so it had a lot of room. We had the antipasto and burrata for appetizer, and had parmigiana, cavatelli arugula, pappar bscagiola, fruitti di mare and linguini w/ clam sauce.  I thought the overall food was good.   I also did consider the prices kind of high, over $20 for most entrees, which is hard to believe for this area of New Rochelle.  Though the servings are supposed to be family style, I would say the $64 for the frutti di mare was probably not worth the price.  If you stick with the Italian basics, antipasto for appetizer and pastas for dinner, it  is probably the more reasonable way to go.   Overall, service was fine, though I was there early so the restaurant wasn't too busy.  When I asked for a wine recommendation, the server went straight for the most expensive bottles versus what i was looking for, which was medium dry wine.  At least he deferred me to someone, I believe the owner's wife, who was able to give me a better recommendation.
It pains me to write an update to my review...it really does, but once this place expanded, it has gone down hill.  Done are the days of the 1 chef in the back and the owner going around talking/taking orders.  With the large expansion and addition of new staff, the quality of the food isn't the same.  Not bad by any means, just really expensive for not as good food.
Waited a long time to finally go there....it's all anyone ever talked about when we moved here....so finally we get there and:  whatever.  Apparently it has all changed now: menus, waitstaff, no family style.  Indeed, we were kind of hungry when we left.  Bread was over toasted, salads were fine, pastas were truly small portions.  Homemade papardelle was terrific; unfortunately the bolognese was only so-so. Carbonara was just a bowl of noodles and fat.   And again,  portions.   Like, ridiculously small.  And they have NO accommodations for kids.  Where was the giant family portions, the owners telling you what was for dinner, and all the other fabulous tales we had heard so much about?  Gone.  Apparently it recently expanded, and hence, it is no longer hard to get a table.  But there is MUCH better Italian in Westchester, never mind the city. Hit Lusardi's or Savona or Posto 22 instead.  This just isn't what it should've been -- apparently those days are gone.
Fun, friendly, delicious food in traditional Roman style. These folks are passionate about the quality of the authentic dishes they serve. Buratta was farm fresh. The antipasto portion was generous, presented well and perfectly sliced. A classic bucatini was our primi piatti along with spaghetti carbonara...both al dente and wonderfully balanced. The lemon flavors and simply grilled swordfish reminded me of Positano. Our crescendo was the white tiramisu...unusual, light, delicate...crowned with dark, rich espresso. Bon Appetit.
The food used to be outstanding but now just average and really expensive. Think the expansion is the cause. Burrata for $24 is ridiculous. Crowded, noisy and lacks enough parking.
What a great idea to not print a menu, taking advantage of people by reciting so many dishes that most people will tend to not ask the prices. BRILLIANT, and should be illegal.
I went there again with my wife, who loves real Italian food.  She was blown away by the place, the food, and the service.  Everything is fresh and delicious, and if you're unsure, just ask them what to order.
My husband and I had a fantastic meal here! Always something new
Great, Authentic Italian food. Its frustrating that people are giving it low ratings based on not having a menu. Its a specialty Italian restaurant that has a fresh, ever changing dishing based on availability. For people that truly appreciate good food, this isn't a problem. If you are looking to dine with small children,vergatarian,  a picky eater, or on a strict budget, maybe the salad and bread-sticks combo from Olive Garden with a nice glass of white zinfandel would be more to your liking.
Just came to Spadaro's for my fourth visit, and my first since they expended and now have a standard menu (for all those complaining about the lack of one before). Overall the portions are still great if two people share a pasta dish or antipasto etc, the staff is still as friendly as ever and it was great to see Rina there still. I had the Fettucini Spadaro as my main dish and the Antipasto Italiano as the appetizer. The prosciutto di parma was so delicious as was the Prosciutto San Danielle.  I'm a big fan of traditional Italian food and service and the array of fine meats and cheeses really brought a smile to my face! The Fettucini Spadaro was also delicious with a great portion and amazing flavors!  I kind of miss the no menu approach but the quality and the freshness is still there!   I also had Rina's delicious tiramisu for dessert and it was as delicate and delicious as I remember she makes one of the best Tiramisu in the world! The staff is also just as great as ever they know the menu up and down and call talk to you about ingredients and everything something that to me is very important for the whole dining experience. Additionally Spadaro's now has a full service bar if you ever went there before the expansion it was wine only, so if you want to have a drink after dessert or maybe just stop in thats a great option! Overall Spadaro's Ristorante is still the same amazing authentic Italian destination it has always been only now its larger and features a menu as well as a take out menu! If you are in the area and enjoy good Italian food this is the place to go without a doubt! Cannot wait to visit here again!
I have to disagree with the other reviewers. No menu=no prices. They are not family style, the portions are good for one person. They start with an antipasti, then salad, pasta, meat, fish and dessert. The server tells you the specials and you pick what you want. There were 3 of us...We only ordered the pasta and the meat. The pasta was the size of a dish for one. They don't make any chicken dishes because there is a fried chicken place in the shopping center??!! We ordered a bowl of spaghetti with red sauce and two veal chop. Their meat is just grilled, just like you would do on your bbq. Very plain but tender. The service was not great for such a small cramped restaurant plus they only give you a plate the size of a bread dish and did not replace them in between courses. As for someone who said the prices were reasonable..Our bill was 100.00 for one bowl of pasta and two veal chops...Nothing else was ordered..That is not reasonable and we all left still hungry. If you don't mind spending alot for not much, then this place is for you. Yes the food was ok (not great) and certainly not worth the money! There are much better places in Westchester with better service, food and atmosphere.
My family and I had Sunday dinner there. We called ahead for reservations and were seated promptly when we arrived. No issues with the food or the service. Dishes tasted fresh and good. Nothing we had was bad, though - several days later - nothing was memorable. Portion sizes were fine though not what I would call family-style size. What I can't get past is that they can't bother to print out a menu. We are a budget-conscious family of four foodies and accomplished home-chefs, with one vegetarian and another picky eater among us. The waiter recited the fairly long menu and we had several questions but it quickly became tiresome to ask everything that we would have. (The space is tight and as the waiter stood at our table, his butt was practically in another diner's plate...) I mean, the menu's got to be written down SOMEWHERE for the wait staff to know it, right? How about using the 2 chalkboards I saw hanging in the dining room. We spent about $40/person -  and only one of us had wine (1 glass).
Yes, this restaurant is located in a small strip mall, but it quite possibly was one of the most authentic Italian meals I've ever had.  No menu. I may have drank a cup of olive oil while I was here, but it was well worth it! Fresh garlic bread to start, amazing linguine pasta course and perfectly grilled meats.  Everyone in the joint was speaking Italian and you felt for a second like you were in a dark little restaurant in Rome.  The smells that came out of this kitchen were exquisite.  Great experience nestled quietly away.
This is the restaurant that is supposedly one of those places that you can't get a seat or a reservation.... I came here with my friend, her baby and my brothers boyfriend. When I sat down, I noticed that they don't have a menu, when I asked the waitress for a menu she said that they don't have one because they use fresh ingredients every day and they always change. She told us their starter options... we ordered the mussels in a spicy wine sauce, the buffalo mozzarella and the eggplant... They serve the eggplant grilled simply topped with tomato sauce and Parmesan cheese... It was fantastic, everything here is family style. The portions are outrageous! For the pasta we had a rigatoni with lamb ragu  in a tomato sauce with Parmesan. The tomato sauce is really to die for here, it reminds me of my grandmothers. It's very bread-friendly!! I would come here just to eat a plate of sauce!! LOL. For desert we had the Italian cheesecake, it was like any other Italian cheesecake that you can get... The wait service is on point and extremely friendly, I love that they use different ingredients every day and your food is fresh to order (you will have to wait a bit for you food FYI).... It's always nice to see a restaurant that is confident enough in their food that they do not set salt and pepper on the table. The bill was really over the top, but I guess you get what you pay for!! 4 stars! I'll be back!
45 minute wait + extremely overpriced + rude waitstaff + mediocre food = I won't be going back. I'm not sure how they justify charging so much when they are in the same shopping mall as Chickens Gone Wild.
cute little Italian bistro, tucked in an unassuming strip mall in New Rochelle. They start with warm toast on a Tuscan-like bred, yummy olive oil, some cheese and a chopped garlic clove to rub on your bread. The menu is verbal, which I often loathe, but the prices are reasonable so no need to worry about price gauging verbal menus a la the trendy "Diner" restaurant in Brooklyn. We shared the fettucine with mushrooms and garlic. FANTASTIC! Cooked perfectly al dente. This place is so unpretentious and homey I could eat here every night. Nice, family run business with warm, friendly service. I will definitely be back!
Cupcake is right on.... Rena and the staff make you feel right at home in this comfy little restaurant.  From outside, it looks like nothing.  It's in a small little shopping center with another dining establishment called Chicken Gone Wild.  So bypass that place, and go to Spadaro!   There are no menus - they just read you what they have and recommend things.  The food is awesome.  We had a whole spread of eggplant parm (AMAZING), mussels, bread and caprese.  Then onto pasta - a spicy spaghetti with prosciutto and a white little neck clam pasta.  The spaghetti was OUT of this world.  Thick and just delicious.  Then lamb chops & bronzino - and finally, tiramisu.  I felt as if I might bust when our meal was over, but tearing of the stomach lining would have been well worth it for this place. They have beer & wine and the wine just keeps coming! Do not go here if.... You are a picky eater - the staff doesn't deserve it and you will miss out You are on a diet - seriously, this is the place to cheat You need to eat glutan free - I am sorry
We just had a very delicious dinner at Spadaro. Eggplant parm to start (whopping $18 - why?). For entrees we both had pasta. Carbonara was excellent. My paparadelle with asparagus, tomatoes and mushrooms was fresh, but lacked any depth of flavor (call me crazy but isn't $26 for a pasta with no protein in a strip mall in NR excessive?). If you can see a theme to this review it will be price/value. Our decent bottle of wine retails for $16 and patrons are charged $49. So, at the end of this meal I can say I am glad we tried out this very well regarded spot...but it's not for the wallet conscious.
5 stars!! Amazing food. My favorite is the orange marmalade and prosciutto rolls and the spaghetti carbonara. And their cannolis are fantastic! I miss the ambience (even if it was too small and crowded) before they expanded
This is by far the best Italian restaurant ever. The staff is super friendly and make you feel as if you are part of the family during your dining experience. It is real authentic italian food and have not had one plate here that was not delicious! It a small, cozy place and reservations are definitely helpful as this place is always full because it is so good. There is no menu but the staff will go over all of the options and every thing is made fresh (even pasta). The meat is organic and they tell you exactly where the meat or fish comes from. It not expensive for the quality of food and the service that you get!
Great authentic Italian all Italian staff and very friendly. The owner is the chef so you always know your getting treated with love. Great pasta dishes. Check it out
Excellent food, excellent service, and wonderful time.  Everything was great.  Make sure to make a reservation otherwise you will not get a table, this place gets packed.  Get ready to have the best Italian food outside of Italy and the friendliest service.  The owner is a sweetheart, she made us feel like family.  Thank you!
Drinks were good. Desert looked yummy.  Friendly. The caprese and artichoke appetizers had no taste. Two pasta dishes we ordered weren't cooked right.  Expensive for what it was.
So my dear friend Ramze S found this place while living in NY. According to him, it was the best restaurant he'd ever eaten at. Now, his taste is sometimes questionable, but I knew that during his sojourn in Manhattan he dined at a number of fine establishments, including a handful with Michelin stars. So when I found myself with a few days to kill in Long Island, I decided that I must go to Spadaro, even if only to prove Ramze wrong. On a Tuesday night, I called ahead to make sure I could be seated. I was still a little iffy on making the hour drive, but the phone call alone was enough to assuage my doubts. Even just answering a few basic questions on the phone, Rena was extremely warm and welcoming. When I asked what time they closed and heard "10...ish" my decision was made. Around 7:30pm I called ahead to make sure I could be seated. Being that I was arriving rather late on a weeknight and was only a party of 1, I was assured there would be no problems. So Rommel and I headed to New Rochelle. Wen I got there, around 9pm, I was greeted with a packed restaurant. I spoke to the Other Girl (I'm sorry I can't remember her name!), and she informed me that she was so sorry, there would be a short wait. I had no problems with that, as long as they would serve me before they closed. I was assured that there would be no problems, and I soon discovered that they had been saving a spot for me, but another party of 1 had walked in a few minutes earlier and there was a case of mistaken identity. I happily sat myself outside with my book and a pack of Luckys to wait. A few minutes later, Other Girl came out with a plate of garlic bread, apologizing effusively for the delay. 15 minutes later, I was seated. The restaurant is small and cozy. It felt very much like the small places I found in Europe. Maybe 10 or so tables. While it's kinda crowded, tables aren't nearly as "smushed" together as they are in many places in Manhattan, so it's really not bad. The environment is dark and classy, but in a family-run kinda way. We all know by now that they don't have any menus. But that's not to say that you can't order what you want. I was prepared to have "dinner on rails", where I simply ate whatever the waitress brought, but I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I could make all the choices myself. The Other Girl said I could even order half-plates of pasta if I wanted. I started with an artichoke. It was the biggest I've seen to date, and quite delicious. For my entree, I had a pasta with ricotta and eggplant, if my memory serves me correctly. Especially for such a plain dish, it was exceptional. I ordered another pasta to go, which I sampled at the table, and it was also stunning. The portions were large. Larger than normal, but not quite "family-style." I sat, with my book and my food, for well over an hour. Somebody stopped by the table regularly to check up on me. I even dipped out once or twice for a mid-meal cigarette. Before I knew it, it was well past 1030 and the restaurant had mostly cleared out. 10 more minutes, and I was the only customer there. Around 11pm, Rena, Mr. Rena, and the Other Girl started to sit down to eat at the back table by the kitchen. I apologized profusely for keeping them so late, and I've never felt so silly doing so in my life. I was informed that I was quite welcome to sit and enjoy for as long as I would like, and that I was not hampering them in any way. Now that's a strong claim to make, but they did it with such sincerity that I felt absolutely at home. But by 11:20 I was about ready to head back to LI anyway. Even after bringing my check, TOG asked repeatedly if I was sure I wouldn't like anything else, coffee or desert. I eventually relented and had an espresso, which she didn't even charge me for. My bill, including a generous tip, was less than $65. What more could I ask? I had pounds of pasta, a giant artichoke, a fine espresso, and some of the finest, most welcoming service I've ever received. Well how about on the way out, Rena insisted I take a bottle of water for the hike home! I have to say that I was skeptical that any restaurant could live up to the hype I'd heard about Spadaro. Now, I feel nothing but foolish. Rena et al provide a wonderful meal and a perfect experience. Possibly the best I've ever had. Anywhere. Summer of Matt review #2.
