Great local bar with amazing wings and great prices.  Spent a Sunday watching football and loved the relaxed atmosphere.  It can be very busy Sunday and Monday nights (wing specials on Monday) but definitely worth the wait.  I'm not usually a dessert person but their Tollhouse pie was incredible. Note that I've only eaten in the bar area, which is very lively.
The ribs and Killian's hit the spot tonight. Tuesday nights are rib special nights. I would rate the ribs about 3.5 stars and the beer, well, at least 4. Cole slaw was plentiful and reasonably good, but probably a 3. I'm giving Sherwood's 4 stars for tonight...and going back for prime rib on Friday.
We've been here before and loved it! I brought my entire bachelorette party in one night and we had a delicious meal. Tonight the service was absolutely terrible and confusing. My husband and I came in at 7:30 to get appetizers, beers, and some wings from the wing special. We were limited on our cash (Sign at bar said you could only get wings with cash). We knew the wing special didn't start until 8:00 so we wanted to order apps and beers with a credit card first. Waitress told us we couldn't do that with a nasty attitude so since we had no atm card, we decided to just politely wait. We could have easily gone to the bar and ordered beers with a credit card and brought them to the table but we were trying to be polite. Waitress didn't come back over to us until 8:15, after I asked the hostess if we could order. We order 35 hot wings, I kept my water, and my husband ordered a Sam Adams. The waitress told me I would be charged for my water even though my husband ordered a beer (the menu said you can get wings with only one drink purchase). Meanwhile we wanted to order more, but was limited on cash! We waited a half hour until we got our wings, table next to us got them before us and came after us. Waitress wouldn't make eye contact for check. After being there for an hour and a half, we had about 8 wings left over, I asked for a box and they told me no. It was clear that I didn't just come in for takeout, we really just couldn't finish all of our wings. When I was leaving, I heard the waitress talking about me to another staff member. Coming from someone that waitressed before, the waitress did not have to be that rude and nasty. My recommendation is to lighten up and work with your customers, that's what makes people want to come back to the establishment. I will never come back here again because of her and I will tell others not to as well.
Sherwood's is best known for their ribs and rightfully so. The ribs themselves are "fall off the bone" and very tender and delicious. The sauce is slightly tangy but not overbearing, just right. It is easy for a normal person to finish a full rack no problem. Sherwood's also has delicious chicken wings which are great for an appetizer. They are small but not too small and crispy. The sauce is not too spicy but just right. The only downside to this place is that you have to walk (squeeze) through the entire front bar/seating area to get to the hostess. On a busy night this can be quite difficult and awkward when you wait inside to be seated and have to hover over eating patrons. Other than that, everything is great including the service. Highly suggest the cookie pie for dessert!!!
My friends and I randomly strolled into this place, not knowing anything about the area. Apparently they have the best wings in the area - they certainly didn't disappoint! This place was perfect for what we needed - to stuff ourselves with beer & ribs.
The best pub food anywhere ever. Period. My favorite. Buffalo-mari. Ask for it extra well done crispy.
Sherwood's - the place for NASTY ribs. People come here for ribs?! I feel sorry for Westchester. To break it down: The Good: the sauce - sweet, a bit of spice, not overly slathered. Some view sauce as a way to mask bad ribs (see below), but I liked the sauce. The Bad: the preparation. Dried out, chewy, especially on the long end. Other than the sauce, no flavor. Dry rub? Nope. Smoke? Nope. The Ugly: the ribs themselves. ALL of the ribs on the long end were shiners - stripped of their top meat. There was meat between the ribs, but nothing on top. Either Sherwood's is ordering inferior ribs, or their butcher is cheating them. Also contributes to dried out ribs. (See above). The Ugly (part 2): as part of their bar special, there was a free draft beer with the ribs. Ok, sounds awesome. So, can I have the beer I want? No. So I take the beer that it comes with, which I don't like. So I move to another. Turns out beer 1 was a kicked keg and flat. No wonder I didn't like it. When someone else pointed it out, did they replace my beer? No. Did they comp my second beer? No. Good service? No. I will go back at some point to try the wings, but given my experience, I'm not holding my breath.
I came here because I heard they had " the best wings", being from westchester I am going to compare this to Candle light. Sherwoods wings were smaller / less meaty than Candlelights however they were crispier and were good. Similar pricing, however not "saucy" at all (not sauing this is a good or bad thing just describing they aren't  coated with sauce). HOWEVER they have 10  CENT wings on Mondays, who can beat that? Next, cheese fries, good quality cheese but they were like $7... for fries... I forgot I was in Larchmont. The Ribs were tasty but overpriced for the portion size. The waitress was not friendly at all. I would come back on Mondays only.
After a sting of spot on Yelp reviews, this one let me down. After seeing a Sunday afternoon movie, we went here for an early dinner, hoping that the crowds would be a bit under control, but the bar was packed with folks watching a football playoff game, and the small waitstaff was clearly overwhelmed. There was a brief wait for a table, and the burgers we ordered were unimpressive, on par for bar food, but not worth the trip.
One of my favorite restaurants in the world. Everyone should try the wings and ribs. And note that there are great deals every night.
Sherwood's, like the Larchmont Tavern, is a classic Larchmont pub/tavern.  The food is above standard fair, and the place has managed to retain most of its classic personality which distinguished it (unlike LT with its new management last summer). The staff are a-okay and the decor is cool, but Sherwood's might seem a bit cramped.  Definitely try the wings when you stop by.  Stop by Sherwood's if you want a classic tavern experience in Larchmont better than that of Larchmont Tavern (on Chatsworth Ave. two blocks from the Larchmont train station), or if you want good bar food and don't want to feel ripped off by Chat 19 (two blocks north, on Chatsworth Ave. right before Boston Post Road).
Better than the Tavern.  Staple in my life.. Ribs are awesome, wings are too.. but the French dip (make them make it with garlic bread) is the best thing on the menu.. must have the toll house cookie pie.. its rockin'. Atmosphere is great, people are great.... great place for hanging out and having a pint too.. For two years it was like "cheers" to me.. good times.
Alright, so I've eaten here fairly often for the past two years. Essentially on Monday's for their $.10 wings. The food has always been great, the wings are amazing, but the quality of the staff has continued to dwindle to the point where they are now some of the rudest people I've ever encountered. Particularly the man who must be the manager and/or owner. I've never encountered a ruder schmuck and because of him, I know I'll never visit this place again. I wouldn't be surprised if most of my, if not all, of my 15 friends who used to accompany me stop going as well. That said, if you can overlook absolute mismanagement and rudeness, the food is good.
Have only been once, but friends frequent the joint and love it. GREAT ribs!! There can be a wait sometimes for a table, but if you are in the mood for a local bite to eat and a yummy pint to accompany it in a venue that fell out of London... this place is it and well worth the potential 20 minute wait.
Great ribs .     Juicy and full of flavor. Very flavorful salads with a good portion of moist chicken. Attentive bartender. Only negatives..... Weak French fries and don't get there before 8:00 or you will have to wait.  Crowd thins out after all the family and young children leave.   Ribs are as good as the ribs in NYC fancy restaurants for a much  cheaper price.
Not getting the rave reviews here.  1 star is for the great parking spot I got out front and the other star is for the blueberry crumb pie.  This place has a cool 70's Cheers kind of vibe to it.  The "famous for ribs" on the front awning is certainly deceiving as my husband said he has had better ribs at Sizzler.  I had a petite siloin that was SMOTHERED in gorgonzola which totally overwhelmed the steak.  The service was attentive and pleasant and many tables appeared to be having a nice evening.  I really wanted to like this place but for the $$  it was disappointing.
I love Sherwood's. Great ribs & great roast beef sandwich. Anything I have ever gotten has been delicious! The ambiance is cool and its just feels like a real "neighborhood place." But since the neighborgood is larchmont.... well... its a tad upscale. People bring their kids and its always crowded. The bar has a great selection of beers so the wait isnt so bad. I have never had anyone be rude to me here. Sometimes you have to wait to be seated and sometimes you will wait over 30 mins for your main meal but... thats what you get in a small busy place!
I was in the area visiting relatives and they had just moved here.  I read all the reviews and I have to say they are spot on.   Those wings here are delicious and I'm a huge wing eater.  Nice and crispy and good quality buffalo wing sauce.  I don't think they have any other sauces like a Buffalo Wild Wings has, but the way they crisp up their wings destroys the other place.  10 cent wings on mondays after 8:30 w/ drink purchases.  Great deal.   The ribs were very delicious too.  Its rare to get a good dry rub rib anywhere.  It's good, but still not as good as memphis ones.  If I had to choose between the wet vs dry ribs, I'd go with the wet ones they have.  The majority of our group liked them better.   I think the french fries are underrated.  They have a nice crisp to them, but you need to add some salt to them.   The potato skins are pretty good too.  Good portion of bacon on the skins which makes anything better.
I miss having this place right around the corner. I think moving away supports the five star rating... I think... not sure, let me remember. The whole menu is awesome, including this enormous frozen chocolate covered ice cream cake ball thingy.... And maybe hopefully a bit of wait staff turnover. I remember going there less and less due to the cold standoffish chick wait staff who either looked like deer in headlights or were just paying attention to their friends and couldn't be bothered with anyone else. Oh yea and the place would get packed so a quick takeout order and a blue moon at the bar and we're off! Still miss the ribs...mmmmm, they were these delicate ribs. lean. and they added a dry rub that has a slight kick. fave! will get back soon.
Hands down the best baby back ribs! Monday at 8pm they offer 20¢ wings (you can order up to 50 at a time), 21+ (IDs are checked and one drink minimum), must sit in the bar area (anything downstairs).
Best place around for wings, ribs, burgers, fish and chips, you name it!!
Ultimately, I am going to compare this place to Candlelight (Scarsdale, NY) because in the end, that's all that matters. Most importantly, wings. The wings here are a tad smaller than those at Candlelight, but they are also crispier. I like crispy. When it comes to sauces, Sherwood's only offers two flavors: hot and bbq. I can't explain why, or how much I respect that. The hot sauces at both Candlelight and Sherwood's seem even. The hot at Sherwood's falls between the hot and extra hot at Clight. Now when it comes to cheese fries, I feel like Sherwood's takes the point. The fries are skinner than those at Candlelight, but they use a mixture of cheeses and melt it all over those damn fries. There isn't one portion of the plate that isn't covered with cheese. I'm a sucker for anything fried and covered in cheese, but Sherwood's is delicious. I love both of these places, but if I'm looking for wings on a Monday night....you'll find me at Sherwood's.
I love Sherwood's! This is my go to stop for food when I'm in Larchmont. My only complaint is that they're not located closer to my house! The food is always great and the service is awesome. It has a very cozy charm to it.
You won't get a bad meal at Sherwood's...  Always crowded and usually a wait at dinner time - it's worth it.  Ribs are fantastic, but I recommend the Cajon Ribeye, which is usually on special.  Best desserts anywhere. A small local crowded pub with fun (loud) atmosphere- don't go here for a quiet romantic dinner, but do go here for great food and fun.  One of my favorites...
Popular local pub style restaurant that is frequented by regulars and townies. Flat screens draw crowds around the bar for sporting events. Known for their succulent ribs. Wings are abundant, especially on Monday nights when they give them away for 10 cents apiece (if you're over 21).  Roasted half chicken is worth a try as is their delicious burgers. Restaurant does have a slightly sticky feel. It could use a deep cleaning. Come early to avoid the wait.
Sherwood's is freakin awesome! I come here every monday night to have their spectacular 10 cent wings.  It's always crowded around 8 and 9 pm so I recommend getting there by 930-10pm the latest.  Staff is ok.  The ribs are also something to try, and if you want dessert, try their tollhouse cookie pie.  Real nice ambiance as well.
This is a CLASSIC Larchmont restaurant that has been one of my favorites for a long time.The staff here has been very friendly every time I've came . Tonight I had the BBQ half-chicken with the vegetable of the day. The chicken was pretty good, and the BBQ sauce was very sweet. It's the same sauce they use on their ribs and pulled pork. The asparagus was served plain in a tiny portion on the side. I was disappointed with the portion of veggies compared to the two huge pieces of chicken. In the past I've ordered the wings, quesadilla, garlic bread, Cajun pasta, ribs, burgers, and Caesar salad. You really can't go wrong at this place, everything tastes great. Just be prepared to leave feeling full.
Known for their wings-pretty good, but not my favorite, I actually really like their ribs. The burgers are good too, I usually get the Wasabi Burger. Their Cajun seasoned shrimp and chicken is also pretty good. This is a great place to just go for some casual food and some beer and a plate of wings or ribs. All Westchester locals-sort of an "everybody knows your name" place. Staff is friendly, but it is usually always packed and very busy. They also have an interesting dessert menu. I would recommend for some tasty bar food and a place to eat, drink, relax and hang out.
Obviously known for their ribs, I decided to go for their ribs. Well, I may say they were absolutely fabulous. I ordered the dry rub and was not disappointed.  Came with side of coleslaw and fries or baked potato for $16! yumm!
Sherwood's is a Westchester wings institution. Now i know i may have said in a different review that Candlelight in Scarsdale may have arguably the best wings in Westchester but i stand corrected b/c i actually like Sherwood's wings better. Maybe i am little biased because it's a little closer to me than Candle light but i do like that its a bar that has such good wings and good bar food. They should prob be re-categorized as a GastroPub. The bar is very nice and clean and has a nice family home style low key feel to it. I recommend going during the week because on the wknd's it can get a little busy and hectic.
I absolutely adore this bar/restaurant. While the old gang is gone, the new gang is great too.   I first started frequenting the place when I was 19 for Monday night wing night.  I got to know everyone who worked there from management to bus boy.  Great group of people and you can't find better atmosphere anywhere in Larchmont (including the LT)!  Anytime I'm back in town Sherwood's is a definite stop on my list.  I've been going back for 19 years and I don't see it ever losing it's charm for me!
What I like best about Sherwood's is the easy way that it accomodates all ages...when my wife and I were there last night, there were other couples whose children had departed for college; a table of college age folks and a bar full of all ages.  Everyone, I imagine, felt that they had found just the right place.  The ribs (Bertha's babybacks) are excellent (considerably better than Blue Smoke, a more vaunted establishment).  We only make the occasional raid there now, but when our kids were growing up there was no better place in town.
Sherwood's is my favorite bar/restaurant. The ambiance is very nice. I've tried the wings and it's suprisingly delicious. It's also a good place to drink beer on the bar with some of your friends and just have a good time. The service was fast and very good. I just love everything about this restaurant and I will definitely come back and try some other meals from their menu.
Good ribs, nice crowd, friendly and attentive staff...great place to watch a game. On-tap beer was a little underwhelming, but we barely noticed given the tasty eats and warm pub ambience.
No better place in the area for a great beer and a plate of wings.  Ask for them well done!  Cheers!
First the food:  I liked the traditional ribs with only a little sauce (a table near us got an order and the sauce was almost put on like gravy) they fell off the bone.  I would not say they were great  They were okay. Maybe a 6 on a scale to 10. My dining partner got the dry rub.  They had a dry, ashy, cajun rub on them.  A little spicy.  I do not get the cajun/bbq connection for this.  The waitress however said 'cajun rub' so again i don't know why. The chiken wings. buffalo.  I've had better 5/10 . very wet.  I asked the waitress if she could just put them under the broiler and she said 'NO not tonight'.  Which leads me into the second part:  the service. Seated quickly but when we left at about 8pm there was a line at the bar area waiting for seating. (i think htere was a total of a dozen tables in all).  The waitress...she came from a place of NO.  On the menu you can order one and a half racks of ribs.  So after our first order of that we asked for a second half order.  Again no...so that's just plain silly.  Where are the other halves of all those order and a half ribs that they can't go a half order. Overall i've been twice and both times not overly impressed.
Best. Ribs. Ever. One of my favorite places to eat in the whole world. Great fires and wings too. The bar is great and the staff is friendly. I can't say enough about the ribs except for that I almost can't eat ribs anywhere else because I am always disappointed they don't taste like Sherwood's! Get a full rack, you won't be sorry!
Very nice family restaurant. It is a Larchmont classic. Waitstaff friendly and helpful. Food is what you would expect good plain food nothing fancy but tasty. You feel welcomed here!
Frenetic, yet warm atmosphere, traditional "pub" atmosphere, great food.  Enjoyed the "dry rub" rack of ribs with moderate heat, crisp french fries and generous pour of Crown Royal.  Wait staff are attentive and personable.  AND the owner makes a point of visiting the tables and checking in on the customers as the night progresses.
The food was great and would go back again.
Had the Buffalo wings, Darft beer and an order of BBQ Ribs.. Wings were over cooked, Draft beer was flat and Ribs were okay. Wouldnt recommend this place to anyone.
Sherwoods has some of the best wings i have ever eaten, and the staff is always welcoming even when they're super busy!
My boyfriend and I come here often. Joe the bartender takes very good care of us and we love coming in to visit. The wings are delicious and the service is excellent. Whether you're just stopping in for a drink, or coming to spend the night, this place is a great spot.
My sister in law had the coconut shrimp over rice with corn and I had the barbecue rack of ribs with the 1/4 chicken and fries. Appetizer we had the spicy calamari.  Everything was delicious and we had a great time.
Best Buffalo wings that I have ever have since moving out of Manhattan. The rest of the food is tasty too..bar food, but much better than average, I's go back for the wings!
Pretty good stuff. I got a pulled pork sandwich, and while perhaps a bit light on pork, it was tasty. Had legit garlic bread that was not too garlic-y. Waitstaff is nice, they should itemize their bills though, hard to figure out what was what on the check.
Went with a buddy of mine a couple of weeks ago. The place was crowded so we sat in the bar area and it was fine. I had the Wasabi Burger and my friend had the French Dip. The price was more than reasonable ($11 and $12 respectively) and both orders came with good side portions of delicious fries. Washed it all down with some nice cold Stella. The burger was cooked perfectly and was excellent. The wasabi dressing was tasty and not overpowering the way some of those can be. My buddy said he was very happy with the french dip and it did look great. That was my first time there. The menu is classic comfort food. When I am looking for that again I will definitely go back.
I live nearby and have been there many times.  Sherwood's is a good pub.  I like it a lot.  Good food (for a pub), and good service.  It can get crowded, you just have to time your visit well.  But even when it's packed they do a good job of managing the crowd and getting people seated as quickly as possible.  I agree with one comment that the fries are not great, which is too bad because the ribs and wings are very good.  They could use some more craft beers (get with the program, guys!).  And maybe a face lift would be good (new carpet etc).  But really, it's a solid local pub.  ... I will say this, and I almost hate to say it, but the person who said this is better than LT... huh?  Strongly disagree.  LT is the best pub in the New Ro/Larchmont/Mamk area.  At least.  I might extend that to Rye, but would have to take the Town Dock into account (great pub!).  But I'm glad to have both LT and Sherwood's in town.  Hope they are both here long into my old age (which is not far off...).
