Wow.  What a difference from last Fall. The last time we were here (seven or eight months ago), we enjoyed the food, but pacing was totally off. It took a lot for me to give 1891 another shot, and boy, I'm glad we did. Tonight's experience was excellent. Our meals were super, the waitstaff was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable, and the pacing issue was totally corrected. Everything came our like clockwork and we had a terrific evening. The tuna appetizer was delicious, and the mac n' cheese was outrageous. We enjoyed two fish dishes -- the salmon and branzino -- both of which were full of flavor and cooked perfectly.  I had the duck which was yummy, although the scallops I tried on our last visit were more special. Deserts were good too, especially the apple spring role. I noticed a review that reflected on over-priced wines by the glass. Although $12 for a glass is not inexpensive, it's fairly consistent these days with other premium Westchester restaurants. Our bottle of Riesling was about $50, which seemed about right too. We ended up leaving about $140 per couple after tip... totally the right cost to value ratio. I'm putting 1891 back on my list. I'm super-glad I gave them another try.
Now why is this place still around??  The first time we visited this place was about a year ago...it was bad then....and it still remains pretty bad.  First, the menu selection is very odd and does not match or go with the whole "Vintage wine bar" concept.  Two selections of sliders, mac and cheese and fried calamari? Really? Pub food in a wine restaurant? I think you guys would have done way better off pairing a variety of delicate, and rich small plates with your wine concept, because grease and curry simply doesnt go with it.  Where are the oysters, shellfish, tartar, fois gras, escargo, artichoke dips, bruscettas, and other small tasty bites that go way better with wine than what you currently have (i'll give you the cheese and charcuterie plate you offer).   My husband orders a cocktail from the menu, and clearly the young lad behind the bar starts stressing out.  The manager comes over and explains that one of the liqueurs hasnt arrived, hence cant make it.  Fine, we order a different one.  After 15 min of fiddling with various bottles the young land comes over with some concoction in his hands with the first words coming out of his mouth "here you go but i dont think you will like it because i dont think it came out good as I am not the bar attender." For the second time...Really? Turns out bar attender is sick and they got this poor kid behind the bar who never mixed in his life putting drinks together just to get through Monday night.  And the manager didnt bother to tell us that? Or apologize for the bad tasting drink? To say anything at all? So we settle on vodka soda and that was that. A total of two occupied tables and two couples sitting at a bar on a Monday night (should have been a sign to us), and your manager instead of walking around,  introducing himself to new clients and making small talk has got himself cornered at the far end of the bar with his back to clients, wiping saucers with a towel the entire 1.5 hrs that we are there?  Bottom line - service is non-existent at this place. So dear owner/manager, let me just tell you that we live in a very small town where word spreads quickly, reputation takes a while to build and takes no time to lose. Get your act together! Specifically, get your service sorted (i dont care if its a dead night, but you need to have someone capable of mixing drinks at a bar at all times), make your guests feel welcome (perhaps learn that from Plates or Madison Kitchen), make the manager responsible and accountable for what goes on, rethink the menu, and then maybe you will have a better chance of becoming a local favorite.  The only thing you got going for yourself currently is the looks, but content unfortunately is not there.  Two stars (would have been one, but thanks for having the decency not to charge for that cocktail).
Went here on a date last night and the food was amazing.  I had the free range chicken breast.  The chicken was so moist and the skin was so crispy.  I loved all the vegetables the dish came with.  We had the creme brulee for dessert and it was delicious.  The restaurant itself is beautiful.  I loved the lounge and wine room area.  The decor and furniture are top notch.  The service was excellent.  Sam was our server and she was awesome.  I love how they checked on us often.  I will be coming back soon.
Just had my daughter' s bridal shower here.  Perfect venue.  Hip but very warm and intimate.  Beautiful space accommodating my group of 42 beautifully.  Everything executed well with great food.  Amy the manager was calm, professional and ran a perfect event highly recommend this venue. Also great for dinner.
Welcoming staff and GM--attentive!  The food is great.  The wine is great- costly!  Ambience is gorgeous. Sweet spot for boring Larchmont. Highly recommended.
We arrived Monday night and the they were already pre-booked with a private party. But no problem, GM Michael took us to the small but lovely private dining area and turned on the Tony Bennett Pandora. We had a lovely meal. Solid steak and great slow cooked beef tips. Excellent crème Brule, and a terrific wine list by the glass--Great addition to tired Larchmont restaurant scene.
Great setting and fun people-watching, but the food is a bit hit or miss. The wine is great, but very pricey.   Pay attention closely to the menu since the glasses of wine for $7-8 are actually half glasses.
The office holiday party was held here. Since I was in charge of planning the affair, I was only given two criteria: the restaurant had to have a full bar and it had to be relatively quiet yet good for groups. Thanks to Yelp, I was hooked up with Vintage 1891. The reservation process was seamless, with just a quick phone call that was returned in a timely manner to confirm. I was a little nervous about the night because I had never been solely responsible for anything before. I stepped in with my guest a little bit before the reservation time and was welcomed very warmly by who I think is the owner. The space is gorgeous: dark, with candlelight and tons, I mean TONS of wine bottles all over, making for both decorative pieces and the focus of the restaurant. We sat at the bar for a little bit and was treated very nicely by the bartender. I have to say, this place has some SWEET eye candy for ladies. Anyway, dinner was served, after I quit drooling. Appetizers were yummy, I recommend the shrimp pasta. Like I always say, you know you're in a fancy spot when pasta is an appetizer. I also loved the chicken breast, served with an irresistible sauce and a delectable veggie risotto. It truly tasted like something from Master Chef. The meal was topped with a FABULOUS cheesecake, served simply yet beautifully with fresh berries. I wish I could come back, but it's a little out of my price range. I was lucky to be treated. Brotip: They have nearly every wine you could imagine! I didn't drink though. Public transportation in Westchester: you know how that goes.
This is a review based on NOT going to Vintage.  Why?  Because they make it impossible.  We used to go, before the revamp, but since the re-opening, three strikes and Vintage is out.  Attempt #1:  Planned to meet friends; friends text ten minutes before to say that there is a sign announcing a private party.  We end up at Crush.  Attempt #2:  daughter has a make-up violin lesson at LMA across the street at 6:00pm.  Husband and I head to Vintage, where a blackboard on the sidewalk in front of the brightly lit restaurant announce Happy Hour specials from 5 to 7.  Door locked.  Bartender inside sees us trying to get in, and puts his head down and ignores us.  IGNORES . US.  Not sure why the blackboard is on the sidewalk if you don't want people to come in.  Attempt #3:  Last night:  head there to meet friends for a drink before dinner -- Private Party announcement on the door.  It hadn't been there in the afternoon, when we walked by and decided to meet there that night.  Unlike all the other restaurants in the area, which POST their private party schedule either online or on the door, Vintage just surprises you.   It's unreal.  I'm done.
I have changed my mind about this place. Two years later (writing on 7-30-13), I have become a fan. They have changed recently, ditching the pricey tapas and developed a new American inspired menu ($22-$26 entrees) and fixed up the decor- comfy couches and low tables mixed with more traditional dining tables with white linen. But we usually eat at the bar, which is spacious and well stocked, especially the wine selection. They have a special wine dispenser that keeps a varied array of wines available by the glass. The food is so much better.  We love the corn crab cakes. We've also had the sweet and spicy pulled pork sliders, panko crusted salmon, shrimp penne, and sea scallops. The fish was all perfectly cooked- crispy outside crust and moist, flaky interior. Generous portions but not obscene. With friendly hosts and talented bartenders, Vintage is becoming one of my fav haunts in Larchmont. Reservations needed on weekends, it gets packed.
Found this new place thought a friend who lives in the area that said "it looked interesting".  So after trying it let me tell you that yes it is indeed interesting and awesome!  The inside has a real classy modem feel with long dark wooden tables that they do mix group seating at and dark wooden floors.  So when I looked at the menu they of course have a wonderful wine menu (being a wine bar), and the food menu was also very nice with a mix of small tapas type plates and a few full size entrees as well.  The people I was with wanted to do a small plates tasting.  They had good food and order "Wine Flights" which was an idea I always loved for beer but never saw for wine, i now also love it for wine! All around great time and look forward to trying this place again soon!
My fiance and I had been looking for a restaurant to have our Rehearsal dinner over the last couple of months. We dined at least 8 different restaurants between Larchmont and Rye. When the par baked bread hits the table you know that a less then memorable dinning experience is about to take place. Well I am happy to say that we have found our establishment. The decor is welcoming with great sophistication. You can sit a table or they have fantastic leather chairs and sofas to relax, have a glass of wine, beer or if need be a martini with the best olives i have ever had. And, I am not ashamed to say that I have had my share of martinis. The lighting is perfect not too bright or too dark. They also have private rooms for smaller partys. The food is amazing. We basically ordered off the appetizer menu for three people. Pricing is comparable to the area, only they deliver the goods. We started with a cheese plate that had honey and nuts on the side. Meatballs that could rival my mothers which are amazing. Prossciutto Crostini with roasted red peppers and aged balsamic vinegar. Words do not do this any justice. Cornish game hen that was cooked to perfection, seasoned perfectly and salad that was delicious. Service is on point. Our waiter was friendly and made sure that we were enjoying ourselves. Vintage 1891 was only in its first week of operation when we decided to go. We were amazed at how well the staff was trained for only being open a few days. It was refreshing and a delight.   Vintage 1891 has raised the bar in Westchester and all the restaurants located within a fifteen mile radius should stop by and see how its done. There was a lot of care and thought that went into the menu, ingredients and how it was prepared. No par baked bread at this joint... I am not a wine connoisseur but we had a couple of sparkling wines that were flat out tasty. A Prosecco from Italy and a Rose from New Mexico. They have a nice wine list that will satisfy any palate.   This place is a must. If you enjoy some of the local restaurants in the area. Vintage 1891 will put them to shame. This is a well thought out wine bar with great food and service. It's everything you want in a dinning/wine bar experience. Just writing about it is getting me excited about our rehearsal dinner. We will definitely be back before the "big day".
We were lucky to get a Saturday night reservation at the last minute -- the  restaurant was fairly quiet due to Memorial Day weekend.  We had been inside before and knew it was beautiful; but this was our first time dining there.  We were intrigued by the menu that included some of our favorites -- duck, scallops, halibut, branzino and lamb.   Our dinner was lovely.  I had one of their specialty drinks and my boyfriend ordered a wonderful sancerre by the glass ($15).  I had the same wine with my meal, so it probably would have been a better option to order a bottle.  Their wine list was dazzling!  On to the meal.   My boyfriend started with the duck wontons which he said were good, but not a highlight of the meal.  I had a fennel salad which also included a little blue cheese, walnuts and spinach.  I don't usually like much dressing and always order it on the side -- this dressing was especially good, a perfect salad and a nice way to start the meal.  For entrees, my boyfriend got 4 perfectly cooked large scallops with a cheesy risotto and brussel sprout leaves.  I had 2 wonderful, crispy branzino fillets over a butternuts squash puree with a cranberry sauce -- kind of like Thanksgiving but with fish instead of turkey.  The preparation on both was interesting -- a thoughtful blending of flavors that added up to a special meal.   For dessert, well we were too full, but had a cheese plate of 3 different varieties.  A nice touch when you order coffee is that they bring a whole café filtre pot to the table so we shared the coffee.  Bill was higher than normal due to the 4 drinks by the glass, not the food.  We loved the food, the portions were of a good size and the décor was especially beautiful, but still very comfortable. Service was generally good with a few lapses -- started out attentive but waned as the meal progressed.  We had to flag down the server and/or bus boy on a few occasions.  As it was not a crowded night, the noise level was low, so no problem there.  We are adding Vintage 1891 to our list of favorite restaurants in the area.
This is a great place for a small or large group.  The food is very good and service is excellent.  Definitely one of the better places in the area.
Pretty Nice Place for the 30+ Crowd. Its quaint and seems a bit like a lounge in a bed and breakfast place in Martha's Vineyard. Cool Oversized Leather chairs that you can vision yourself smoking a cigar in while taking a sip of your overly alcohol dominated drink. The food is ok and the dessert Chocolate Brownie was good too.
Hope everyone local knows about this place, a little gem of modern style and sophisticated comfort. The food was fresh tasty and gorgeous. Thanks to Chef Maldonado and all the nice folks up front. Incredible wine list, smart well executed lounge area, beautiful chandeliers, most incredible cheese and meat platters. Definitely a place to come back again and again!
Scrumptious! Excellent fresh salads with arugula pears and Gorgonzola and a beet salad others loved but the piece de resistance - the perfect pork loin with light and tasty potato gnocchi and crunchy well seasoned Brussels sprouts - others loved the meaty lamb chops and sliders - the staff tries very hard to accommodate and pretty much succeeds on all fronts! Really liked a lot.
Last night we threw a bachelorette dinner here and had a great time. Amy was so helpful with the planning from the beginning to end. She was even able to provide a projector for us to show a slideshow! Last night went seamlessly and the food was delicious! Karen, Amy and the rest of the staff took very good care of us. I highly recommend Vintage if you are throwing a party, large or small. Also recommend the food, the chicken I had amazing. Thank you everyone for helping us throw our friend a great party!
I really like Vintage. The decor is gorgeous -- I want my living room to look just like this. Really clean and modern punctuated with victorian vintage details. The service is just OK -- sort of slow, but everyone is quite nice. Great selection of wines. Food is DELICIOUS and great portion sizes. Highly recommend the ricotta crostini and the truffle popcorn. Boyfriend loved the popcorn shrimp. Great venue for a party.
Fantastic.  A refreshing addition to the blahh fine dinging choices in Westchester.  Limited entree selection but fresh and executed beautifully.  I love the knowledgeable staff.  Great for Foodies and Winos.
I think this is a much needed addition to the local area...I just wish some of the staff would step up their game. wine=casual service...hmmmmm, maybe not. prices are not for the weary...good luck
I love this wine bar, it is my favorite in town! Compared to Crush or another wine bar in Mamaroneck, this one takes the cake. Their wine selection changes all the time, and the quality of the wines are superb. I have not tried the food there, so I can't give a rating on that but I am going there strictly for the wine. The ambiance is perfection since they renovated. If you plan on going on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday, I would call ahead because they do book up for private events.
Vintage is a beautfiul space and a great place for people to casually get together either for a bite and/or share a nice bottle of wine.  My only complaint is with the manager? (bald gentleman who may be part owner?)   On more than one occasion my friends and I were treated very poorly.  He was not gracious at the door (I expect to be greeted so that I feel welcome) and he made no accomodations to allow us better seating so we could actually hear each other (at the time there were more than one set of wing chairs available and we wanted to crowd around one so we could be more intimate (that's the vibe of the place).  Not only would he not move us, but he was very nasty about it.  It's a shame, as it's a lovely meeting place, but I won't go back!
I love this place. My husband and I love going here for a delicious meal and great wine. The wing-back chairs, couches, candles, and chandeliers make for an intimate lounge atmosphere. The owner and the staff are very accommodating too. We came here recently with a large group (12 people) and they gave us a private room and did everything they could to make us comfortable. It is definitely one of my favorite places in Larchmont.
I hate to be the first bad review on here but we had a TERRIBLE experience at this restaurant.  We went on a busy Saturday night (all tables filled), and it seemed they just couldn't get a thing right.  Bottom line is the staff is inexperienced for such a nice restaurant.  I think they tried to keep a young, hip vibe with a young wait staff, which is fine if they're professional - but they're not properly trained at this restaurant.   Our experience: We were seated right away but had to wait about 30 min. before finally flagging down the manager to take our appetizer and wine order (no water - totally unattended). After a long wait apps and wine arrived, but we are then left an inordinate amount of time waiting again to place entree order (waiter never checked on us).  Finally placed our order but ended up having to flag down the manager again to check what was going on since 40 min passed (our waiter was busy chatting up a friend at nearby table - nice).  More waiting.  We were beyond annoyed by this point but had to laugh when we noticed OTHER tables complaining to the manager (there was some table-to-table chatter as well). Everybody was more or less like, WTF is going on here?!? It was around 10 pm at this point and none of the tables seemed to have their food!  I've never had an experience like this at a restaurant.  Maybe one of their chefs wasn't there - I have no idea.  FYI, manager never apologized to anyone, he was trying to smooth it over and pretend patrons all around him weren't totally hungry and annoyed.  When our entrees finally came out (2 hours after arriving) we were starving; but not starving enough apparently, because we both disliked our dishes (chicken (flavorless) and filet mignon (under cooked)).  My husband and I usually get dessert when we dine out - but we just couldn't wait to get out of the restaurant at this point (and who knows how long we would have had to wait! ;).  One of the worst dining experiences I've had.  A total FAIL from start to finish for Vintage 1891.  In a nutshell we came in hungry and 8 pm and left at 10:45 pm, still hungry.
What a fantastic and surprising place!  I found it while searching for a place to hold a birthday party for my sister.  It is really a Westchester standout, with a vibe that is much different than most places you'll find in the area.  The style + decor is fantastic.  They were extremely pleasant and accommodating while planning for our event, and went above and beyond regarding several things (including creating vegan menu options).  The food was AMAZING!  I definitely plan on returning there for dinner frequently, because it was so delicious- Manhattan quality.  If you want to impress somebody with an amazing meal, Vintage 1891 should be a top pick.  (My favorites included the spring rolls and the tuna tartare.  Another big hit were the caramel tarts for dessert.)  All of the staff were gracious and personable during the event, and again, were totally about bending over backwards to ensure a great event.  All of our guests were so impressed with the place.  Many of the local guests enjoyed it so much, that they now want to hold events of their own there.  Definitely glad to hear that, as I would love for this place to be successful.  I simply do not understand why this place does not get more of a bar crowd!  Young Westchester, seriously- this is that hip, cool lounge that Westchester has been waiting for!  Go check it out for yourself!
Another awesome night at Vintage 1891! As a resident of Larchmont, I am thrilled!!  Larchmont has been begging for a wine bar of this caliber. Earlier in the year, when they first opened, I had bit of a disappointing experience, but have been back 4 times in the past 3 months, and each time, I am more impressed!  My faves so far have been the figs and prosciutto, the tuna tartar and the apple crisp-not to mention the incredible wine list!  This is definitely the place for wine geeks as well as novices, as the waitstaff is super friendly, helpful and knowlegeable about the winelist!  I brought my mom in last Friday evening  for dinner and a great bottle of wine, and she absolutely loved the decor! The fireplace coupled with the super cozy chairs  creates an amazing ambiance  and the perfect spot to enjoy your bottle of wine and delicious dinner or snacks! The long community table in the dining room is the perfect spot to chat with new people or have a large group of your own.  As you can see, I am IN LOVE with this place and so happy with the turnaround- the waitstaff and management are unbelievably accommodating and I am so so so happy to have Vintage 1891 as my "go to" spot in Westchester for amazing wine, great people, great atmosphere and delish food!!!  Thanks Vintage!
