Excellent Addition to the Downtown Area of Port Chester! I have eaten at McShane's several times since its soft opening.  Each time, I enjoyed it!  The owner is very friendly and the bartender, Christie, was very personable.   I have eaten there for lunch and for dinner.  The fish and chips dinner is delicious.  They give you a nice piece of fish and a lot of fries- good portion of food.  The Reuben is another favorite.  The corned beef is very tender and lean. I noticed that the bar starts to get a crowd around 7-7:30pm; however, there is definitely a lot of table seating. I highly recommend it!
We went on a thursday night.  it wasn't very busy.  the interior was nice, homey, comfortable.  there wasn't too many employees working the floor. service was fairly slow.  It's a big place, and if you don't have many waitresses on staff customers can easily get overlooked. I had a Reuben, she had the fish and chips, mash instead of chips please a baked potato was not available. the plates came out.  her mash was stone cold.  Her fish looked suspiciously like it was a pre-made  (like gorton's) piece of fish.  the fish was ok but the mash?? bland. when alerted that the mash was cold, it was immediately replaced with a plate of hot mash... ah, the miracles of a microwave.  Oh, and the tarter sauce..  yuck.  more like Russian dressing with too much mayo in it. the Reuben...  it had nice cuts of meat, some kind of cheese, uncooked pickled red cabbage, some kind of sauce, and thick slices of brown bread.  It was an ok sandwich, but it certainly wasn't a Reuben. they should stick to the meat, bread, and put some mustard on it.  the Fries under the sandwich were a bit overcooked and greasy. overall, I couldn't recommend going there just for food.  It's a nice bar though.
Lovely new bar - it is a great addition to the area! Great staff and the food was yummy!  Would definitely return on a girls night out!
We gave this place a try and were extremely pleased. The atmosphere is really nice. Its a big pub with a large central bar. The decor is modern pub with thoughtful touches such as contrasting dark wood with soft blue painted wanes coating. Antique looking wallpaper crawling up the walls and beautiful moldings. The lighting is soft with interesting light fixtures throughout, which creates a nice ambience. The booths are extra roomy and still intimate. Ok now the food: Yum yum yum. After speaking with our friendly knowledgeable waitress about the menu we felt the need to try across the board. We ordered the cheese and pork stuffed croquets served with a aioli. Very good but probably my least favorite of what i ate. The side salad was simple with mixed greens red onion and cherry tomatos, all fresh and crisp. The smoky ranch dressing was good. Then we had the mcshane burger w bacon and stilton cheese and onion confit served on toasted brioche bun with hot natural cut fries and roumalade dipping sauce. We also had the shepards pie served with ribs instead of ground beef. The red wine really came through the meat. It was served hot in a cast iron skillet. The bangers and mash was a generous portion of traditional bangers and mashed potato w a side of baked beans. We also tried the brussel sprouts cooked with bacon. Every single thing we had was really great. It was a very flavorful meal made with quality and the presentation of each dish was beautiful and unlike anything i have seen at a typical pub. But this is not a typical pub. Its warm friendly and great to go eat wings and watch a game but its also lovely for quality cuisine and conversation. The staff was attentive and knowledgeable and the place is very clean. I cant wait to go back and keep going through the menu!
Popped in around 7:30 on a Friday. The bar was full, but we were able to get a high top table nearby. The decor is cozy, with pretty wood floors, copper ceiling, and great old fashioned style schoolhouse lights. Ordered a Strongbow cider, wings, and mashed potatoes. Hubs got the club sandwich. Everything was very good. Mashed potatoes are drowned in butter - so be warned if that's not your thing. The wings are great! Not too spicy and very meaty. I devoured every last one. Seems like it'll be a neighborhood staple. I hope they add some happy hour specials!
Went this past Thursday night with a big group of family and friends for a birthday. My first time there and the service was friendly and attentive! She checked up on us often and did great even though mostly everyone ordered at different times. The food was delicious! We started with the kale and artichoke dip, nice and cheesy! I also tried the wings and lamb sliders, also good. I ordered the fish and chips, they're on point! I also took a few bites of the pizza (goat cheese, arugula, and procuto) and the ruben sandwich, all yummy! My drink was good too! I ordered the McShanes Bullet, nice and strong! Will be more than happy to visit again! A nice irish bar on a street of many cultures!
Visited this restaurant during their soft launch and I must say I was thoroughly impressed. The design and decor of the interior surpasses that of most traditional gastropubs I have visited in the tri-state area. You get your warm and welcoming Irish Pub feel, but with a little twist that allows it to stand out. Upon walking in I was immediately greeted by a friendly bartender who made sure my group and I were seated right away. Booths are spacious and you don't feel like you are on top of each other while you eat. This place can definitely accommodate big parties if you are planning a night out with friends. As for the food you can expect what I would call "upscale pub fair". My friends and I came for appetizers and drinks. Being a fairly large party we decided to order a little bit of everything. Wings, flatbread, kale & artichoke dip, lamb sliders. I can honestly say that I didn't want the meal to end. Savory dishes across the board and with a bit of a delicious twist on these traditional items. If I had to pick a favorite it would be a close tie between the wings and the flatbread. Stellar vibe, great beers on tap, delicious food and friendly staff. Word on the street is they will be open for brunch following the official launch. Will definitely be coming back to try some food off the main menu!
Super yummy!!!! Great place to enjoy a delish lunch!!!! And of course a cold Stella Artios!!!
Juicy burgers. Reuben's to die for. Shauna was a great server- attentive but not annoying. We'll be back.
Went early Saturday night, 6ish. The decor is nice, pub like and a big space. Ordered croquettes that had a nice panko crisp on the outside and tender mash inside. I had a pot roast type casserole topped with browned mashed potatoes. The flavor good but included crisp celery. Why? My husband had the bangers and mash, which was tasty but on his plate was a sloppy serving of campbells pork and beans. Nothing was done to improve on them and seemed like an afterthought. We shared the "roasted" brussel sprouts. They were RAW. either cook them more or provide sharper forks, we couldn't even pierce them. They are a fav of ours so I took them home and roasted them until tender the next night. I truly feel they are trying, but the kitchen isn't where it should be, maybe in a few months they'll be more than bar food.
This place has fantastic potential! Calling this establishment an ordinary Irish bar would be understatement considering how much work they put into the place. It's clean, very spacious with booths and televisions everywhere. The staff are very friendly and attentive.They have brunch specials from 11:30 AM - 3:00 PM which includes either a Mimosa, Bloody Mary or glass of Sangria. Had the Irish Breakfast. It was excellent! Every plate of food had fantastic presentation and tasted great. I would definitely recommend this place for a game or even for just the food itself. Would be awesome if they had Barclay's Premier League games on when the season starts.
Attended the bar twice.  Once on the soft opening and the other during an early afternoon with the family.  The night life seems very lively.  Good selection of food but can be loud due to the acoustics in the place but other then that it's the only negative (hey it's an Irish pub what do you expect ) food was good too !  Kids even liked it and they are picky eaters.  Light menu at the time but what I ate was good! I had the lamb Shepard pie which I am not a big fan of lamb but this was excellent ... Excited to see the expanded menu !
Nice, clean and friendly Irish Pub. Good selection of beers and Guinness on tap.  Parking may be an issue on the weekends. Staff is attentive and nice.
This is just the place Port Chester needs! A decent, clean, authentic Irish Pub with friendly service and an awesome menu & atmosphere. We stopped in for a quick beer and bite. Shared a chick sandwich which was really good!  Too good if you're trying to watch the carbs.   Fries came with a dipping sauce that was killer.   Recommend for just about anyone.
McShane's needs to have happy hour specials during the week. Great bar, but there are many other places to go for a less expensive drink during "happy hour" times
Came here on a Saturday night around 8. Wasn't that crowded but there were a decent amount of people. We sat at the bar and started off with their specialty cocktails. The mcshanes bullet and mcshanes lemonade were pretty good. We also ordered the lamb sliders and the short rib country pie. The sliders come in a set of 3 and would have been just about perfect if 2 of the 3 weren't so salty. The country pie was pretty good, but it felt lacking in the peas. The whole bar started to get very cold causing us to get uncomfortable and our food to get cold after 10 min. The service at the bar was very good otherwise.
What a great pub!!! Food great, great service,  great time! The wings are a must-have.  I love the goat cheese pizza !  The owners are friendly and everyone feels welcomed :)
Great place to grab a drink and some food.  Wings are great, as are the burgers with fresh cut fries, and the flat bread pizza is pretty good too.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Finally Port Chester has a great pub that's not a dive! This is my new neighborhood spot. They've only been open a month so I'm sure happy hour specials will come in due time. They recently rolled out the full menu and it's great. They also recently started opening up for lunch.  The only problem is trying not to go back too often and blowing all my money.  LOVE this place.
The atmosphere and ambience is very elegant and the food is amazing. They've got a great flat pizza and the burgers are delicious. They've got a lot of flat scteen TV's for you to watch all the games that are currently on,  tables for seating and also big booths. Worth going to. They're even open for lunch for a little brunch with friends  and good beers on tap.
