Great wine and whiskey, lovely owners. A much needed place in Westchester. They even have really good local talent playing music. The Menu is simple and everything tastes great specially the artichoke pizza. Even get a chance to visit their cellers downstairs, do it. Ask nicely and the owners might do you the honors.
Came here solely for drinks... boy was I glad we  chose this location in mamaroneck.. The drinks were superb . I had the edible hibiscus cava drink, my husband had a beer, not a bad selection but can improve on craft beers. My brother had a red wine I forget the name . I don't drink wine but I had a taste of his and it was aromatic yet ample, smooth and ripe .. I will defineltely return for possibly dinner Or dessert. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I will recommend to others. No complaints here.
Once was enough.. Not like other small plate places.. Very small limited menu and when they say small they mean small portions. Left starving walked up the street & had sushi as a 2nd dinner
Barless had excellent service.   It was also very neat and clean.   I tend to judge a place based on thier restrooms,  and they were pristine.   We met the owner and 1 employee,  both were so nice and attentive.   The owner even showed us the wine cellar downstairs. The menu is excellent.  They have specials Wednesdays.  Will definitely be returning.
Came in with friends for a drink, ordered a gluten free pizza (shared) and wine. Pizza was perfect! Thoroughly cooked and tasted fresh and amazing!!! Will definitely be back!! The owners Kelly and Colin are super friendly and knowledgeable about their wines and food!!
We've been back twice, once with friends. The drinks are good and the food is yummy, and the staff is always super friendly. Off the top of my head, we've had the Mediterranean dip duo, the meatballs and the pear flatbread--all really good! The vibe is comfy and relaxed, and you're encouraged to stay and hang out a while. Definitely a neighborhood gem.
Certainly Westchester has a number of wine bars.  This is one of the finer additions.   Perfect for a date; a night with the crew; or even just alone to meditate clearly on the  pleasures of an ethereal Pinot Noir or a peaty Islay.  It's a lovely place that is exciting the first time, but offers the comforts of the familiar the fifth or sixth or seventh - even as the wines change. Unpretentious, yet sophisticated; the wines are perpetually interesting and carefully selected.  Don't be frightened of something new - it's going to excite your palate.  Even if you're looking for a run-of-the mill Malbec or a benchmark Cabernet, you'll be startled into attention by the fine selections provided here.  If you're a novice wine drinker you'll still find your senses stimulated, your partner more attractive, and your burdens lifted.  You'll forget your mortgage, spoiled children and the bullying boss.  Promise. It's not a primarily a restaurant - the dishes are selected to accentuate the libation.  But the food is fresh and made with care.   There is no better whiskey selection in Westchester.   The service is attentive and relaxed.  You may find the bartender asking you to try a new wine they're thinking of putting on the menu.  In spite of the swanky decor, the bartender will make you feel like you're a regular.
First impressions quite good, and as time progressed in the evening the first impression was only enhanced, nice staff , attentive and great service..... I will return and recommend it to anyone who want to have a conversation with good food and wibe
A friend and I attended Bar'lees first Champagne and Sparkling Wine Tasting on Wednesday March 20th. My friend is a serious-champagne connoisseur, while I find myself more in a "learning" stage. The tasting was led by co-owner Andre Cohen in their wine cellar. It was an absolute pleasure to take a class by a true master of his craft, giving us important knowledge regarding the differences in regions, varieties, and distinctive features. He also kept the aura light and fun. Our samples included: Prosecco, Cava, Cremant D'Alsace, Australian Sparkling Shiraz, and Champagne. We are personally working with him to develop a blind taste-test focusing solely on champagnes for a small private group. Bar'Lees is a wonderful and much-addition to Westchester. One of my complaints has always been that we do not have enough wine bars/lounges in the area. Only open for the past three months, it seems like they are building a clientele. Although mostly female, this place is perfect for a "laid-back feeling without the loss of sophistication". The decor alone is stunning and inviting. More classes have been introduced, as well as live music nights. I CAN NOT WAIT TO COME BACK. -Antonella
I had the best individual pizza there.  Wonderful place for drinks, a light dinner, etc. Yes. I would recommend this restaurant.  Owners are very personable.
A gem on Mamaroneck Avenue.  Great for a weeknight bite - salads and pizzas.  And the amazing selections of wines always tempts to stick around after dinner.  They also have wonderful music/bands on select nights.  The staff is crazy friendly and make you feel like you feel like your stool or seat is your second home.
If you're looking for a relaxing evening, this is the place.  The wine list has an interesting variety of tastes.  The food is pretty good.  I might like some different choices, but I'm not sure what I would suggest.   The service is friendly and the owner is bound to make his way to your table and have some friendly conversation.   If you just want to grab a quick bite, don't come here.  This is where you can sit and lounge for hours, talking and drinking wine.  It is the opposite of being rushed out.  You are encouraged to stay.  Pull up a comfy chair, grab a good friend or loved one, and enjoy a cozy evening together.
The food was great, the bourbon selection was great, and the tap beer selection was great. The missing two stars is that the menu size is not for me. I ordered every appetizer (well, I skipped the nuts one and ordered two of the pita) and I hardly a big guy. That might suit you, so your mileage may vary.
Great date night!!  Atmosphere, food, beverage choices and service was perfect for my second date with an absolutely amazing chick. I think she will say YES to a third date!!!
The wine and food is paired nicely and there choice of 2 oz tastings of great wines is a smart choice to have a great wine experience.
Many thanks to Collin! We gathered at Bar'lees in between family functions. He provided a quiet space for conversation, wonderful spirits and delicious small plates. One of the best afternoons I've had with people that I love. I would definitely recommend this great small bar!
We arrived early for a show at the Emelin Theater, and were happy to find Bar'lees just a block away from the theater on Mamaroneck Avenue.  The hostess, bartender and co-owner Andre made us feel welcome, even though we were only there for  1/2 hour.  We plan to stop back when we have more time.
I went here for lunch with a friend the other day. I got a chopped Cobb salad which was $10 and all the sandwiches were $8. I thought it was delicious! The service was a bit slow, though. Cute little place!
I was here around 9 on a Friday night with a girlfriend. This is the perfect quiet place to relax and enjoy a bottle wine on Mamaroneck Ave.  The menu changes often as the owner told me the chef comes up with something different each day.  The owner was very friendly and inviting. I didn't eat, but had a taste of my friends food and it was delicious.  I'll definitely be back soon.
You owe it to yourself to stop by this new wine and whiskey bar on the Ave.  The selection is fantastic (the owner is storing a couple thousand bottles in his basement), and the sommelier will take the time to explain why the glass you're currently enjoying is so delightful.  Although the wines and whiskeys are clearly the big draw here, the food is also quite delicious.  We had the meat and cheese plate followed by crawfish tacos and ceviche, and I would recommend all of them to future diners.
