Huge strip-mall (shopping plaza)  shopping center in Bayside. There is not a lot in this area of Queens. Security in a tower is watching so it safe appears adaquate. Parking does require a bit of hurting on weekends. Parking spots are narrow and some people can't really park straight. The place is kept very clean and it is easy to visit all the stores without moving the car. Two big chained restaurants: Applebee & Outback A large multiplex Loewe theater Bens Kosher deli and pizza & pasta shop is here. Penty of fashion store for everyone. Some key stores I like: A big Waldbaum supermarket Barnes & Noble Corelle/corningware Tip: not a lot of food choices. There are two entrance & exit.
If you'd like a reminder or to experience what it is like to shop in the rest of the country, visit The Bay Terrace. And I certainly don't mean that in a negative way as The Bay Terrace can be thought of as the anti-NYC shopping experience that occurs within the border of the metropolis. Instead of struggling through crowded streets that feature the occasional beggar, hot dog vendor and confused tourist, the primary mode of transportation to even reach The Bay Terrace is via combustion engine-- car or bus. As a strip mall (Yes, a bit misleading as there is no bevy of beauties removing articles of clothing here) you'll find the names of stores that dot the 21st Century American landscape. Panera? Check. Outback Steakhouse? G'day mate. Barnes and Noble? Future museum site to explain to the screen touching generations what an actual paper based text was like have and to hold. The main draw for me is the Waldbaum's supermarket where the aisles are wide, the produce fresh and the public bathroom relatively clean. Have a quarter ready as the grocery cart removal system requires you to insert one. I have never had any trouble finding parking here although availability will vary depending on day of the week and hour. For a reminder of what life is like outside the urban jungle while still within the warm embrace of the NYC sales tax, take a trip to the Bay Terrace.
Bay Terrace is just "okay." It's one of those places that's mostly teenagers and young freshman just looking for a place to hang out. Especially on Fridays - Sundays, you can't avoid clusters of high schoolers.There's some overpriced stores here and a Claires, Aeropostale, Gap, and Victoria's Secret. There's a huge parking lot but not much to really shop around for. Nothing particularly fun or interesting. The bath and body works & VS are the only stores I'd really visit here. There also seems to be a lot of hype over the Panera Bread.
Great place to go shopping! Ample parking and a sprinkle of stores. Just enough stores to find what you need without getting hung up in a huge enclosed mall.
i love bay terrace great for shopping and a movie or dinner after! I do wish however there were more clothing stores! I do not visit much because it seems to never change since no stores are really add or taken away. However the Gap there was not my favorite!!!! I could not find a simple black skirt for an interview! the store seemed bland and was slightly messy
Ohhh one of the old high school hang out spots for the kids of Bayside High School. I remember cutting the last day of class freshmen year to see Batman Begins at the movie theater here. Those were the daysssss. It's actually quite the pleasant shopping mall with a pretty wide selection of stores to browse through (Express, American Eagle, Victoria's Secret, etc). The food selection leaves much to be desired (like most malls), but this seems like a place that'd have slightly better fare. They've definitely stepped their game up by adding a Five Guys though. There's a giant parking lot that surprisingly gets pretty full, and can be pretty hectic getting into and out of. You'll always be able to find a spot though.
This is for the Bay Terrace Victoria's Secret. There is never not a line here. However, sales help is nice and it is rather convenient.  They let you know what sales are on and when you are in the fitting room, they run around getting your stuff so you don't have to keep getting dressed and undressed and they measure you for a proper fitting.
Bay Terrace is one of my favorite shopping centers. Free parking is available in their huge parking lot. There are many great stores in here such as Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works, Gap, American Eagle, GameStop, Barnes & Noble and more. They also have a couple of restaurants, such as a diner, a pizzaria and Tony Roma's. They also have a movie theater. This mall is easily accessible by bus (Q13 and Q28).
For apparel, this "mall" hasn't much changed since my highschool years although they've added some restaurants and such. However, with the Children's Place and the Gap Kids, it's where I tend to shop when looking for kiddy clothing. You avoid the big malls, and while it can also get pretty crowded depending on day and time, for the most part it's convenient.
I always want to enjoy Bay Terrace more than I actually do. Although I do like having stores I need to go to conveniently located instead of having to go to the city or out to LI... The GAP and LOFT here has less inventory than others, but it still has a decent selection. The Victoria's Secret is large though. Bath and Body works is also nice. Ben's Deli is fantastic. Barnes and Noble and Panera too... And free parking!
Bay Terrace and progressively gotten better over the years.  Including both better shopping and better eating. The parking sucks, but its very easy to get to with public transit! (eastern queens version of public transit anyway). Don't be phased by the annoying kids...its a strip mall, what else do you expect?
This is what I call a peaceful shopping center!  A less crowded mini outlet to be exact. There are various stores, such as American Eagle, Gap, Express, Aldo, and etc.  Therefore, you can easily get all your shopping done in one area.  I enjoy coming here to shop leisurely and especially during holiday seasons!   There are also various food venues, such as Panera Bread, Outback Steakhouse, Boston Market, Five Guys Burgers and Fries, along with a Lowes/AMC movie theater for entertainment.  I always come here just for Panera Bread - - - so addicted!!! Note:  Means of transportation can be quite tricky.  I think besides for driving, you can try taking the MTA bus.  But driving is highly recommended to save travel time! Highlight:  FREE PARKING! According to bayterrace.com/about.html, Bay Terrace is "a special place to meet with family and friends, to have some fun, share a moment, and experience the best that The Bay Terrace Shopping Center has to offer."  I totally agree~!
Been coming here for years as a teenage to adulthood. They got all my favorite stores American Eagle, GAP, Loft, Bath and Body works, and they finally opened Aerosoles this year which is one of my favorite shoe brands. Finally they utilize the space next to the movie theater. I used to frequent Tony Roma's for lunch or dinner. Lots of parking lots in the upper level as the lower level of the shopping center.
This place has only improved over the years. It's convenient, has interesting stores, and even a movie theater! If you're new to the area, I recommend visiting Jack's Pizza & Pasta, =).
I wasted so much time here as a teenager, especially in the Barnes and Nobles, but the truth is now that I don't have a ton of time to waste wandering around doing nothing I rarely come here unless it's for something specific. Bay Terrace is an outdoor strip mall with a very limited selection of stores to choose from, most of them belonging to major chains. There is ample parking, either in the garage or in front of the stores themselves, and it's free. The Q13 or the Q28 go there, though if you're coming from Main St. it's a long ride. The Outback here is great, though at peak times the wait can be a bit long (sometimes as high as 45-60 minutes). Tony Romas is also here, though I would literally only go for the ribs. There's an Applebees which you can just skip altogether. There's Ben's Deli, a Jewish deli that's been there forever with good matzoh ball soup. The diner on the upper level has gone through various name changes but has never been any good. There's also a Five Guys, a Panera Bread, and a mediocre pizza place. As for clothes shopping the choices are somewhat limited and things tend to be priced higher then they should be. Express, NY&Co, American Eagle Outfitters, Mens Warehouse, The Gap, Lane Bryant, The Loft, Chicos, Victoria's Secret, The Children's Place, Aldo, Steve Madden, and Claires- if you count that. They're definitely catering to the clientele in the neighborhood, and that makes sense, but if that's not your thing don't come out of your way to shop here, obviously.   It's not a bad place to get some errands done though. They have a Daune Reade and a clean Waldbaums with a nice selection. There's a liquor store, a few banks, and a kitchen supply store. There's also a movie theater and one of the last remaining video arcades in NY: Peter Pan Games. Even though this isn't really a "mall mall", it's indispensable to the area. It's also kept clean and tends not to get overcrowded, which can make for some rare stress free shopping.
There are quite a few stores in Bay Terrace. Off the top of my head, here's a short list. - Men's Warehouse - GameStop - Foot Locker - American Eagle - Gap - Express - Applebee's - Five Guys - Panera Bread - Aldo Shoes They can definitely improve and add better name brand stores to this shopping center. Don't expect any high end stores here. It's just a nice small shopping center for the locals here. Verdict - If you're from the area or live close by, check it out and kill some time if you're bored. If not, don't go out of your way for Bay Terrace. I'm sure there are other shopping centers near your neighborhood that are similar to Bay Terrace.
pretty much your generic big name brand shopping center. I took my parents here because Corelle/Corningware have an outlet store and my mother had picked out some stuff there she wanted. tons of parking, though most of it is in the giant lot. be smart and park in the garage building - your car will stay cool, plus it's out of the way so there is plenty of parking there. more importantly, this place has FREE parking - gotta love that! especially when the other big shopping centers in Queens rip you off with parking. all sorts of big name stores, plus a Waldbaum's and a movie theater. a pizzeria and a small Jewish deli seem to be the only non-chain stores here. I've never eaten at any place here though. Bayside is a bit out of the way if you don't have a car, but if you have a car and need to get shopping done, this outdoor mall pretty much has whatever you'll need.
Nice shopping center has quite a bit of variety of shops and eateries and great that it has free parking - sounds strange to  out of towners but a lot of places charge for parking.  Conveniently located another place that is a have to try maybe not a must
Oh Bay Terrace... I remember being 13 and always wanting to come here because its what all the cool 13-year-olds did. (What else could we do but hang out at Bay Terrace?). Now, the teens that come here are just annoying. You're not cool! Stop trying so hard! But anywho, now that I'm done with my mini-rant... its a nice place. Not the first place I consider going to (anymore) but every now and then, when I need to make a quick stop at Barnes and Nobles or Victoria's Secret or f.y.e., it's the place (10 min drive). Plus the movie theatre is there too.
Bay Terrace Shopping Center holds a lot of memories for me dating back to when I was in middle school. Back then, there weren't that many stores. Barnes & Nobles was the place to loiter, study for the SATs without buying the books, and just a place to cry about how hard school was with your friends. I think it's upgraded a lot since then. I am in love with Aldo, and the movie theatre here is decent. Five guys is here too. Yummy (: Now it has stores like Victoria's Secret, FYE music stor, American Eagle, Aeropostale, Bath & Body, Steve Madden, Claires, Foot locker, TOFU restaurant, Express, Aldo, GAP, B&N, Ann Taylor Loft, Outback, Applebees, and a couple of other places. Tony Roma on the top deck with Five guys, a postal office, that arcade, a diner, etc. At least there's more stuff to do here than in Flushing now.
I've been coming here for years and years and I just keep going back for some reason. They have a nice Barnes and Noble, have a couple of nice places to eat, and they have the Gap, Express or Foot Locker if you feel like shopping. Plenty of parking space also. And if you get bored, you can go right to Bell Boulevard where they have tons of other places to eat.
I have been utilizing this strip mall (or rather, enclosed circle of shopping, as it isn't a strip) as a hangout, dining establishment, and occasional destination spot for many years, and I still think it holds a bit of charm. My favorite store is Barnes & Noble, and it is a nicely-sized one. I remember eating at Applebee's with my family (I hate the food but admittedly the atmosphere is ideal for groups and parties) and then always stopping by B&N for a quick look at the endless rows of books. Outback Steakhouse was another restaurant that provided pre-reading satiety. For easier eats with friends, Baskin Robbins and Boston Market were always a treat, as was the pizza place across the way. Nowadays though, I would recommend that each and every one of you go to the Waldbaum's there; it's tremendous, well-stocked, and great fun when you enjoy grocery shopping as much as I do. For actual clothes shopping, Express, Gap, Victoria's Secret, and various others provided pretty good variety, though I always wished they had a boutique or two that was less mainstream. No matter, I always preferred Coconuts (now FYE) for all of my shopping needs. A Yankee Candle and chocolate shop provide options for the tender old woman in all of us, and the movie theatre is something that has been a mainstay in my and many other people's lives. I say go here for a bit; just ignore the junior high kids.
I'm generally not a fan of outdoor malls.  I don't know why, but I prefer everything under a roof.  However, Bay Terrace is fine with a stunning variety of shops, restaurants and a movie house.  I particularly like the Outback Steakhouse and the Barnes and Noble situated here.  I also enjoy their health food store with its inventory of supplements, organic products, juices, health and beauty aids and more. Finding a parking space is generally easy, although I wouldn't say it's always the case, but at least it's free. Other notable establishments in this mall:  Duane Reade, Gap, Express, Foot Locker, Yankee Candle Company and many many more.
I live in Baybridge and use this shopping center at least weekly, sometimes more.  But WARNING, here's something new...if you have any outstanding violations on your car...please think twice before parking in their lot.  Today, the tow truck that works for the shopping center, that usually just tow people who illegally park in handicap spots, have started towing for the marshall.   Today, shortly after leaving the house to go to College Point, we noticed the Marshall and a DOT tow truck dropping off a car (where they had already "parked" about 20 others in a pull-over area at the bottom of the Throgs Neck, Queens side, where you can get on the Clearview South.)  Usually you see flower stands, or sometimes furniture sold out if the back of a truck, sometimes holiday decorations...well, today it was all cars that had been picked up and booted.  We thought they were trolling the area neighborhoods, we've seen that before.  However it did seem odd that it was so many cars, it was like really?  Why so many?   But then, on our way back home we decided to go see a movie, took our short cut turning in by the library, took a right into the back lot, and then followed the road BEHIND Waldbaums to get to the theatre lot, here WE SAW the switch from the hired shooping center tow truck to the marshall.  What a f@$&ed up way to do business--and of course they know it or they wouldnt have been hiding behind the grocery store.   They were getting the cars, towing them behind Waldbaums to meet the marshall, then the marshall was taking them to this pull-over spot to wait, then going back for more...so be warned.  Go online, check your plate just in case a ticket slipped your mind...make sure its clean.  With their success today, its a safe bet that they'll keep doing this.
WIth the exception of narrow parking spots this is a pretty good strip-mall types facility. HIghlights are Gap, Barnes and Noble, Waldbaums supermarket, and movie theatre
not bad for a strip mall in queens... a good variety of shops - even a movie theater that offers matinee everyday! I love that it has an Applebee's... hehe, my one guilty pleasure (I am resistant to ALL other chain restaurants, i promise!)  what's so wrong with eatin' good in the neighborhood, anyway? : )
The Bay Terrace is definitely the worst shopping mall in Queens.  Extremely small stores with very limited selection and high prices.  Who goes to a mall for physical therapy or a pediatrician?  Only a mall without quality would have these type of tenants.  Add Weight Watchers as another tenant you would find in a quality mall.
Clean shopping center with plenty of free parking.   Whether you're shopping for groceries at Waldbaums, or movies from FYE, or Games from Gamestop, or Books at Barnes & Noble, or Candles at Yankee Candles they have stores to keep everyone busy. And they also have a handful of restaurants, including a Five Guys.. These guys are popping up everywhere these days. But I do find myself bored after about an hour here.
Nice sized shopping center.  Small, but has a good selection of stores and food joints including applebees, panera bread, and outback steakhouse.  The thing thats great about bay terrace is that there is also a supermarket -Waldaums.  You can go shopping for clothes, pull money from Chase if you spent too much, grab a bite to eat, see a movie, and go food shopping all in the same complex!! Parking is free for the shopping center but not the movie theater parking lot which is in the same complex, but kinda of behind-- ??hmmmmm?? go figure!! Bay terrace is very accessible...about 2 minutes away from the cross island parkway, and very convenient!
This place is Ok.  if you pull into the main parking lot you have access to the likes of Panera Bread, Outback Steakhouse, Applebee's, Duane Reed, Barnes & Nobles, Waldbaums among others. Now the part that I do not like about this place is that if you want to say visit the Post Office your best bet is to pull around on 26th or what about the Tony Roma's or Five Guys you guessed not really attached to the main parking lot. All and all though this is a nice shopping center if you are use to Suburban living and want to get away of the Urban setting throughout NYC then take a drive up to Bayside; I know that  is the reason why I go.
I have been coming to Bay Terrace for years and it has grown and changed through the years, although many things do stay the same. Bay Terrace is the one place that I think all parents in the area let their middle school-aged children go out on their own for the first time. I spent many High School nights at the Applebee's and just hanging around thinking I was super cool. Now when I go and see kids doing the same thing I did, I realize I really wasn't that cool! Bay Terrace is not a very big shopping center, but they do have a good amount and variety of stores and eateries. There are some chain clothing stores such as Gap, Express, and American Eagle; there are shoe stores such as Aldo and Steve Madden; they have an FYE and a Barnes and Noble; there is a Yankee Candle and Bath and Body works; there is a Waldbaums, a post office, and a small movie theater. They also have some chain food stores including Applebee's, Panera Bread, and Outback Steakhouse. Come to think of it there are alot more places but I'm not going to write them all out, you'll have to go and check it out on your own! There is definitely a good amount of shops to get some shopping done without being overwhelmed by the crowds a big mall. There is a big, free parking lot with two levels to it. The mall actually has two levels, with the movie theatre and some other stores and eateries in the back of the main section of the mall. It tends to get busy on weekends and around the holidays, but there is usually always a spot to be found, you may just have to do some driving around!
Being new to the neighborhood, I am pleased to have this shopping center.  It meets every need I could possibly have and there's an OUTBACK STEAKHOUSE here.  I can do without the Applebees (see review below) but everything else here is wonderful.  Where else could I get a delicious steak, go grocery shopping, see a movie, make a bank deposit, grab some starbucks, add to my wardrobe at American Eagle (my guilty pleasure) and fill a prescription all in one trip?  My only complaint would be the parking situation.  It's crazy. Complete pandamonium...especially on the weekends.
The place has a decent selection of stores, my only issue is with parking. There aren't enough parking spaces.
This shopping center has grown very large.  There are plenty of stores, good eats and number of shops.  The complex is very clean, well lit, and feels safe.  There is various chain food along with mom and pops.  Also there is a movie theater and supermarket.  The only thing more convenient is going to a mall.  But sometimes we just don't want to do that.
I usually come here for B&N and Outback Steakhouse occasionally. But it's also a good place to just park your car and stroll around. You've got nothing to lose.
I live within blocks of this shopping center so maybe I take it for granted and shouldn't since there seems to be a real lack of nice shopping centers in NE Queens but while I love some of the chain stores like Barnes & Noble, Panera, Outback, Victoria's Secret, Claire's, etc...I can't help but remember when this wasn't a Chain Store only shopping center. We used to have some really good restaurants but now it's an Applebee's/Tony Roma's type world with reheated average tasting food. If they are intent on only having chain restaurant's, I wish they would have a really good one like PF Chang or Cheesecake Factory. We seem to only have lack luster restaurants (exception is Ben's deli and the Pizzeria). I guess the only people who can afford the high rents are the chain restaurants. I do have a recommendation for anyone connected with this shopping center which is: PUT IN AN ESCALATOR OR ELEVATOR to CONNECT THE BOTTOM LEVEL TO THE TOP LEVEL. If you're not in a car, it's a major inconvenience to go to one or the other and I think it hurts the upper level stores.
You got different types of food, games, martial arts, books and clothing! What is there not to love! Plus plenty of parking!
A convenient local shopping mall. I haven't found a good restaurant in the mall, but there are good clothing stores and a movie theater. One-stop for all? Come here!
The shops chg as the years go by.  They try to keep up with what the community wants. VS fo course tops the list,  BAth and Body, NY Co,  B&N.  Having a bunch of decent eateries is a nice touch too.  Applebees, Outbacks, Tony Roma;s.  No to mention the pizza joint and Panera and Ben's.....    To top it off you can get groceries on the way home!
nice shopping center with ok parking. easily finish this place within 3 hours. the place and clean. everything is outdoor, so either dress warm or cool depending on the weather.
