MY 200TH REVIEW. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! Such a cute and whimsical place, this really is designed like a little city. New Roc City has some fun stuff to get into-bowling, mini golf, billiards, movie theater and restaurants (Applebee's, Texas Roadhouse.) There's even a Residence Inn Hotel right in the center of everything in case you want to make your experience a mini-vacation. My favorite hangout in New Roc is the bowling alley. There's a DJ, booze, messy, greasy, bowling alley food faves like ice cream, cookies, pizza and everything's kinda, sorta dark and lit up in neon. My handsome date and I bowled a terrible game last night, 68/72. I won so it didn't suck too much. They've got a free-fall type ride here that I want to experience but it always seems to be shut down for the night whenever I find myself at New Roc City. Movies are offered in "RPX"...whatever that means. Going back soon to find out.
In the future, when white people say that racism isn't really a thing anymore, I'll be sure to direct them to the reviews for New Roc City. Anyways, I don't know whether to advise against checking out what I'm about to say or if you should actually do it but there's a "rocket" thing that goes up and looks over NYC that costs $5 for one ride. When you get up there (maybe 20 feet high), all you can see is The Bronx. It is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. There's no way any body could ever go up there and say "this is beautiful." The famous Manhattan skyline is nowhere in sight, and almost the whole line of sight is high rise buildings with lights on. I don't know what was going through the creator's head when he thought this ride would be appropriate in this building. It's such a waste of money but the experience is priceless. I was disappointed, maybe even a little mad at the time, but in retrospect, this is fantastic and bizarre. The glow in the dark mini golf was pretty cool. There were trippy glow in the dark mushrooms painted all over the walls. Sufficient to scare anyone who's actually tripping... these weren't smiling mushrooms. Much of this establishment appears to not have been updated since 1999, but what has around here? This is the land time forgot, after all. This is an observation absent of racial implication by the way. I can't choose how politicians spend our money. Either way, I had a great night here, drinking vodka out of a water bottle like a teenager (actually, was it 4 years ago already?), and doing and seeing things I couldn't even dream up. In some ways it's like walking into a David Lynch movie... a little uncomfortable, a little frustrating, but ultimately a rewarding experience.
This place is GHETTO!!!! Dont waste your money going to this place! 90% of the workers dont care about their job or customer service. They're young an unprofessional.  When you ask for help ir assistance its as if you are bothering them because they had to stop texting or talkinh about sneakers to their co-workers. I would rate this place a 0 if I could. The arcade games and broken and out of date, the games to win stuffed animals are rigged, the bowling staff makes you wait and the shoes are old and look like they have mold and fungus.  The bowling racks are always breaking and management in the arcade and bowling area dont give a crap. If you are ghetto and on a budget, and dont care about your money, then go here. Otherwise, if you care about having a good time and being treated well, spend some extra cash doing something else at a nicer place. They should just fire everyone here, knock this place down and build it back up again with smarter and customer centric staff.  Customer service and everything sucks here!!!
Best hang out spot if it wasn't so far away from me I love the movies and I love a good game of pool so it's no wonder that when I come in spent the whole day here. I usually stop by a drink or a snack at the Applebee's go for a game of pool and have some beers there and the catch a movie pretty buzzed lol! My only complain is that it's gotten a bit pricey over the years.
I've been only once and I don't really wanna go back again. I went to the arcade with some friends and the arcade wasn't bad. However, I got this lunar new year deal where it's unlimited games for 1 hour.. but it's a trap!! because they limit the types of games you can play and there are a lot of restrictions to the "unlimited" games. For example, you can't play games where you can win tickets that you can redeem for prizes. One plus side is if you are playing a game like Time Crisis 4, you technically have unlimited lives because you can always just swipe again for an hour when you die and it asks "do you want to continue?"... i had never gotten so far in the game haha Also, it's really hard to schedule in a lazer tag game, you have to sign up early. The mini golf didn't look too bad... (dark with black lights), but the course itself was pretty terrible. very boring, nothing that challenging. If I ever come back it will probably be for bowling. When I asked if they had any specials they said something along the lines of $20 for 4 hours of unlimited bowling on mondays. I hope this "unlimited" is a little better.
I like New Roc City. And first, I want to say I'm offended by the people that say that New Roc City has scary and ghetto people. Yes, this is in the New York City area so there will be diversity. It won't be only white people there. If that's what you want then travel a couple more hours upstate and you'll get strictly white people and you can feel safe from us scary Hispanic and black families. This place is great. They have something for people of all ages. Mini golf, go carts, Applebees,  Buffalo wild wings, an imax movie theater, arcade, pool tables, bowling, ping pong... I might have missed something. Any way, the place is clean and a great time Weather you're on a date or bringing the family.
There are far too many children allowed to be in this area without parental supervision.  We stopped by the Applebee's restaurant to get drinks before our movie.  We started off with 45 minutes to spare which quickly dwindled to -5 minutes after ordering JUST drinks! Oh, and FYI, all the races I've seen in this place are annoying.  Black, White and Hispanic young folk with nasty attitudes and bad behavior.  Low class comes in all shades, people.
Years ago in the arcade at New Roc City, I was at the urinal in the men's room when I witnessed a teenaged girl walk in with two other boys.  She was on her cellphone and brashly informed her caller that she was about to give oral sex to these strangers.  They locked themselves in the last bathroom stall and I heard her say as she hung up, "Y'all betta not try anything funny or I'll fuckin' cutchu".  Mind you, this is a family arcade.  I booked out of there and notified security immediately. This was about two years ago when New Roc City was experiencing some trouble with rowdy teenage gangs.  Things have since gotten considerably better.  Still, the complex as a whole is a bit uninspired and though they've beefed up security in all the areas, the only establishment I'll patronize is the multiplex cinema.  While some of the restaurants are mediocre at best (Applebee's, generic Sushi Place), others like the Buffalo Wings Bar and Grill has been consistently disastrous - lousy service, greasy pub grub and clueless staff. Definitely go to the Regal multiplex for the movies.  The arcade is vast and I would recommend it now that they've instituted a no loitering policy.  The bowling alley is expensive and annoyingly dark and the same goes for the glow-in-the-dark indoor mini golf course.   It's just depressing instead of innovative.
Yeah uhmmm.... go to the City Center in White plains. I hate this place. Awful people, awful atmosphere... just TOOO MANY PEOPLE!!!! They do have a number of things to do.... Movies, Laser Tag, Billiards, Bowling, Ice Skating, Arcade... stuff like that.... Other than that, its just obnoxious teenagers yelling at people....
What is everyone talking about? "Blah blah blahh, it's so ghetto, the crowd is questionable, not somewhere I want to linger." Mannnn, get the hell out of NYC and don't leave your house if that's the case. Get back into the burbs and your little bubble. Alas, middle schoolers and high schoolers will always be a part of life.  Buffalo Wild Wings is ok, I do like the wings a lot though. I like the movie theaters here, stadium seating!!! And then you're complaining about paid parking??? It's not that serious, suck it up. If you're complaining about paid parking, then you should probably just walk your ass over there. Or take the bus with the middle schoolers.  It's a family/date place. There's mini-golf, arcades, movies, and skating rink.
Hahahahaha...New Roc. I guess it says something that it's 2am and I'm writing a review of New Roc... I really can't think of a reason to go to New Roc...ever.  It's always crowded...with pre-teens and their bling (is that the expression kids are using these days?)  Everything is overpriced.  You're gonna wait on lines, get pushed around, pay too much (for both the event AND parking), and probably go home with a headache and a new found reason NOT to have children... My second star is for the Applebee's in New Roc that got so confused when it saw my friend I exchanging late birthday presents, that they gave us both a free birthday dessert...a fluke, I know, but it got me a warm brownie with melted ice cream!
I think it's gotten better than it was a few years ago. I went on a Saturday afternoon out of sheer boredom and found a good deal of pleasure in the things I once cherished as a pre-teen. But of course, in five years the place had gone downhill and became merely an extension of less desirable areas. However, with new security measures in place, it seems to have improved. I ran around the arcade playing Tekken and Dance Dance Revolution like a crazy person who hadn't had fun in years. It was kind of quiet for a Saturday so there was room to breathe. I don't know if the Space Shot was working, though... All in all, it felt good to relive my days of silly, unattainable crushes in 2004 Timberland boots while we all bragged about having the newest edition of AOL... I'd say go. It might not be Disney World but it's close and fun.
I agree with Alessa M below, the one word to describe this place is GHETTO.  Which is weird because if you pick up New Roc City and threw it into Manhattan, it wouldn't be construed as such.  The place is newly renovated and built beautifully but just for some reason, because of its surrounding area and its clientele, all I can think is GHETTO. We came here to visit someone we knew who worked in a restaurant nearby, and got to spend a few hours in the arcade area on the 3rd floor of this complex.  The games that spewed tickets out were cheap -- where in this day and age can you find games that cost 25cents?!  Absolutely unheard of.  The other games were quite expensive though -- Daytona for $3/pp???  Geez. The upside is that this place has a lot of variety -- mini bumper cars, laser tag, even those amusement park rides that shoot your straight up and drop you straight down. We ate at Jani for dinner, which is a chain store that offers Chinese and Japanese hibachi.  I think it's nice if you are into gimmicks but if not, just stick to the sushi rolls -- they are actually pretty darn good. On a Sunday afternoon/night it was eerily quiet here... and I can't say that I even felt safe when we were leaving after dinner around 9PM.  I definitely would not come here after dark, that's for sure. The parking is plentiful and extremely cheap -- for 4hours, we paid $3.  Yes, for one Daytona game you can park for 4 hours.  Dirt cheap.
I'm surprised I've never reviewed this place before. I've been here several times & have always have a good time luckily. My most recent trip here was to catch a movie with a friend. The concession line for the theater is RIDICULOUS! The theater is self is spacious & the seats are pretty comfortable. The time before that was a dinner & a movie date :) Dinner at Applebees, NOT my favorite Applebees, Service here is actually kind of low but the company was GREAT. After dinner we saw Real Steel in the IMAX Theater. It was amazing, we had the entire theater to ourselves :) It was a week night.
GHETTO AND SCARY I grew up going to New Rochelle. Back in the late 80's it was a scary shopping area with junkies. Now it's a new shopping center with the most ghetto low class people around. They could have tried to attract a better crowd but failed at that.
This review is about the evacuation recently ..due to fire alarm.  I like this cinema but the recent fire alarm that evacuated the entire theatre?  Last time I experienced this elsewhere ..( yeah I've been lucky twice)   the other cinema management ..was  waiting at exits with return comp passes. I was alone, I was out $ 16. and a wasted evening if I had kids with me, it would have been a $ 30 disappointment...AT the very LEAST.  i think they should review their policy with this subject and their total lack of communication throughout this experience.
DISNEY LAND!! -Disney, +a parking garage that will always yield bogus tickets just a bit too cheap to waste a day fighting in court, -fun, +BEEF(esp ouside of Buff Wild Wings), + Portchester HATE (cant rep PC round here)  ++++DA MINI WHITESTONE BRIDGE
I believe the bad reviews on this place has been because of it's history which i am not aware of. I think most people are prejudice and go into a situation expecting the worst and as such that's exactly what happens. I have been here afew times on weekend nights and it has been fun galoreeee. The Mini Golf is definitely one of my favorite activities there. Playing in the dark with your glowing golf ball is totally fun. Usually not alot of people are playing so it's definitely the way to go. The last hole though is a bummer kinda feel they owe me 1/18th my money smh. But anyways, I also played the Ping Pong and Pool and the Arcades. They are all extremely spacious. You get a container of balls when playing Ping Pong so it is not a hassle to keep fetching the balls when you make an errant shot  (A hugeee plus unlike any other ping pong spot I have been to) There are several pool tables as well .It's not my favorite but definitely a great addition to the place. Onto the main reason alot of people would come here besides the movie theater is the ARCADE ... The Arcade is simply amazing. Anyone who rates this arcade as anything less than amazing is ...stupid?? The arcade swallows the likes of Dave and Busters, Chinatown arcade even Chucky Cheese's  . Size surely does matter ... in terms of Arcades i.e. but NRC has an enormous variety of games including the usual basketball and air hockey and games available for any age group which sets them apart from the rest.               I genuinely think this place deserves 5 + stars. The sheer amount of fun you can have in this place is unparalleled . The grand majority of people who don't are the ones who go into it thinking negatively. Focus solely on having a good time and ignore the rest and you can fully appreciate what this place has to offer. If not, then Chucky Cheese or Dave and Busters is the way to go .
Been here a couple of times. There's a paid parking lot and other than coming here to catch a movie at the Regal Cinema or to go bowling, I don't really come here too often, although lots of young'uns come here to hang out. The bowling place is alright. They have a special on Monday nights where you can bowl unlimited for $20 (which includes the price of shoe rental as well).
I only come here for the movies or Jani, the Chinese restaurant. What else is here? Wait -- I'm not sure I'm interested in discovering anything else. It's not the kind of place I'd really want to linger. Pros: - convenience: it's the closest movie theater to Wykagyl - they have a couple automated ticket machines, which always beats waiting on a line for a cashier - big screens, big seats, good legroom - they actually show some non-schlock films -- e.g., saw "The King's Speech" there recently - Jani, a great Chinese restaurant, is in the complex Cons: - the anchor restaurant is an Applebees -- 'nuff said. - you can hear the booming bass from the IMAX when you're watching movies in adjacent theaters
A nice looking mallish, shopping center with pay parking??? What is this White Plains? It's an ok area to do a bit of shopping, grab a bite (Buffalo Wild Wings, Applebees, local joints), and see a movie. The area is great if you are in high school, as they all hang out there.
Better for the teenage high school crowd, not much for adults to do here. Just kind of a small mall-like area with an arcade. I can think of a few better places to spend my weekend nights.
you know that "black people at the movies" stereotype? like when you go see a horror movie, and they're all yelling at the movie screen like, "DON'T GO IN THERE GIRLLL, HE'S BEHIND THE DOOR!!!" yeah, this place proves the stereotype.. RIGHT! OMG, annoying as F***!!! PROS: - it's the only theater nearby (actually, this is kind of a con too) - something funny always happens, like seeing that old high school bully, that used to be cool, and now he lookin like a fool! (yeah, i'm a rap star) CONS: - super sticky for no reason - gang fights going on outside Quick Synopsis: - Applebee's = 2/5 (SLOWWW) - BWW = 3.5/5 (solid 3.5 stars) - Bowling Alley = 3/5 (entertaining) - Cinema = 1/5 (scary) - Mini Golf = 3/5 (glow in the dark balls) - Modell's = 2.5/5 (not helpful, at all)
I don't like it but yet I still come back. Only because I live so close to this place. The movie theather has comfterable seats and big screens. However allot of the people that come here are loud and Ghetto people who feel like it's okay to change a baby's diaper right from there seat. Or yell at the actors in the movie. The Food here is average with an Applebees, BWW, and Jani. Arcade is nice fun but overpriced. Look elsewere to have fun i come here as a last resort if i dont want to be far from home
I hate this place.  As a teenager from the Bronx, I spent way too much of my life (and money) approximately 15 minutes away from home at New Roc.  Watching a terrible movie in a theater filled with annoying kids.  Eating bad food from Applebee's.  Wasting money on video games at the arcade.  Standing in line behind families with stupid children who kept replaying the same hole in glow-in-the-dark miniature golf even though you've been waiting for them to leave for 15 minutes.  While there are a lot of things to do here, it's overpriced, sometimes crowded, and the people suck.  There was a "riot" here on Easter this past year.  I'm so "happy" to say that many of the youths involved in it fled via Metronorth to the Bronx.  Make me proud, future generation of Bronxites.  Make me proud.
GIRD YOUR LOINS!! It's sad when you can't spend a weekend evening with your friends or family watching a movie or playing some games without some wild ass kids ruining the environment. When this place was first built you could go to the arcade part or watch a movie in peace. Now, unless you come here between Monday-Thursday before 8pm, you will have to deal with ghetto trash, spawn of Satan teenagers. In the arcade there's heavier security who checks ID's & you can't even enter the arcade without paying first. If you're there to watch a movie, good luck trying to hear over the crazy noise! I personally do not frequent this place anymore. I don't want to have to worry about losing my money to a bad experience LIKE getting robbed & assaulted! I'll give it two stars just because I USED TO have some good times there...
Well, this place has cleaned itself up as of this year setting out a rule that children cannot be in this area without an adult.  It used to be overrun with kids from the ghettos and that turned away a lot of prospective customers.  I'm not sure if it isn't a little too late because its pretty dead and the restaurants and shops around here aren't exactly thriving.  Also, a lot more interest in revitalization has been shifted towards the Yonkers waterfront and White Plains is certainly not the same place it was 10 years ago.  However, Trump does have a new building here so I'm sure he'll attract someone or another to respark interest in the future.
New roc city when it first opened wasn't bad, I totally got what they were trying to do, make it a nice decent shopping center, but that was never going to happen! It just became a hang out for middle school and high schoolers to roam around endlessly and feel cool. I recently wanted to go to the buffalo wild wings for my first time but honestly it was a mad house and for dollar draft Wednesday, yeah it wasn't worth it to even be there just way to overcrowded, the movie theater is always full of hooligans but then again I just go for the movie. The only bright spot I can think of is probably the ice cream store that's there. I have to say going to Pelham vs. New Rochelle rivalry hockey games when I was in high school was also super exciting as well.
I went there exactly a year ago and I had a ball... I'm 30 but we took my nephew who turned 18. It wasn't as clean as it used to be but my family enjoyed it. Its difficult to find that many activities and a hotel in one area.
I like the parking lot around here. Everything is computers. Press the blue button get a ticket. Put that ticket in your wallet or pocket. And believe me you will thanks me if you do what I say. At the movie if you have the ticket that I told you to put on your wallet. You will get a few bucks off.
This  place is one of the greatest places on earth! As the kids play in beating your but in neon golf or out ride you in the go car, or for the guy to take it upstairs and duke it out on a game of pool or bowl down the lane to your lady's heart. For me I'll hang at the Arcade or face the sky drop that they have or join my son on the Merry go Round or go head on with the boys in Laser Tag. I think I may hold the Boss' birthday next time.
Went to the bowling alley. Pretty cool since I hadn't been bowling in years. Shoes were brand new and clean. Had a half hour wait so we grab some drinks at the bar. A lot of young people hanging out with nothing to do I guess because they didn't bowl, they danced for a few mins then left.
This is clearly the scariest place in New York! Don't be fooled by the happy-place appearance. This is not City Walk in Orlando, Florida. It is in fact the worst place you can go in westchester to see a movie. I simply will not go there on a weekend. Paying to park is ok. I don't mind that. The people that loiter here are scary and obnoxious. I understand the concept of trying to revitalize the New Rochelle downtown area, but for whatever reason this place has attracted a very unwelcoming crowd. I do a midweek matinee when there are no other people around. Otherwise, waaaaay too scary.
Buffalo Wild Wing is HORRIBLE here.  The service is disgusting.  I actually had to speak to a manager.  I'm a server so I'm very understanding, but this was completely unacceptable.  Don't go there. Also, if you want to go to the movies without hearing a bunch of ghetto idiots yell and scream at everything, don't go here.
Having lived in New Rochelle for 40 years, I can tell you that we were better off with the old run down mall than this fiasco. The worlds largest empty building, it attracts every low life within miles on weekends. The movie theaters generate not dollar one in sales tax and again basically bring the bronx to new rochelle every weekend. The ice rink is gone (apparently the only ice rink in history now not able to generate a profit) and for retail, we have modells. This place should be bulldozed. Maybe the third time would be a charm because this isnt it. It is a civic disgrace, end of story. On a positive note, Cappelli did make plenty.
This place is so ghetto, I decided to give this place a try but it wasn't my idea. The person who suggested it likes that kind of places with games and what not. In the other hand I like more upscale places. I just wanted to do one or two thing, but he wanted me to try different things, bowling was OK, but the rest was just crappy. I was expecting to have some fun and leave with some kind of satisfaction but I hated everything it was a waste of time and money, i will never go there again.
One of the coolest places right outside the city. It has everythingn for a fun packed day or weekend. Great for adults and children. There is a bowling alley, Arcade, Ice rink and Regal Cinema with an IMAX theatre. I saw Charlie and the Chocolate Factory there, Awesome! If you want to get  away from the city, but not too far, you should go to New Roc City
