Just left Sephora Bay Plaza and experienced the most informative & genuine customer service from Luciano .  He is amazing and has great product knowledge!!  Thank you for resonating the "Customer Service  Spirit" through your work ethics , keep up the great work!!   This was definitely a refreshing visit as opposed to my last shopping experience at the 42 street  location.
The portrait studio is the worst! This place deserves 0 stars! If it was free I wouldn't come back here but for $100-300 for photos that you can take with an iPhone its just ridiculous. The least you can do is built value for the customer by providing good service and ease the pain of feeling like a food for paying so much for so little. No one here gives a shit. Period. A 420pm appointment for pictures took 3 1/2 hrs! The session was only 10mims! The rest of the time was just spent waiting on different people to press buttons. And to put together collages that u might not even want. But "they have to make them anyway!" If that's not frustrating enough we were told the pics could be picked up on Friday by the manager. Which she wrote on out receipt. We go there Friday no pictures. They will be here Monday. Go back Monday. You have to wait about 1 1/2hr to get the pictures. Mind you on Friday the guy took about 45seconds to look in a draw to see if our name is on one of the envelops. Wait an hr n half for what!! I'm going back there today and I will be sure to update my review and tell you how much shit I flipped over in the store. Never go to this place! Buy a disposable from rite aid (if they still have those) and take all the pics you want.
Nice place have good deals . Could have a better selection of clothes . Like the changes made since the remodelings. Open space and changing rooms are a plus .
Fell in love with this store! I was not much of a JCPenney fan before and honestly because I wasn't giving them much of a chance. My sister-in-law would come here often and I began accompanying her and I would be shocked by some of my finds. They have great prices and deals and now the "dollar/bucks savings" which I believed they are called, if not please correct me. But that is a better bonus and of course BIGGER SAVINGS!! My visit last week I found beautiful sun dresses for $15 and some nice flats to match at 20% off. Goodies, Goodies, Goodies. I also had to make a quick run to Sephora and grabbed some stuff there and since I had done some type of sign up for the 1st time the girls gave me 3 samples which consisted of a primer, blush and a tinted lip gloss. That was really great for me. I will continue to visit on a regular because not only is it cheap, but JC Penney also believes in good quality and that's what I really need.
Cheap shit galore. Need a button-down blouse and a pair of stockings at 9:30pm for a last-minute interview? - Done. Need a carry-on suitcase for an impromptu flight to DC? - Done. Need a long strand of pearls for your flapper costume? - Done. Need a cute wrapdress for work that's also happy hour friendly? - Done. Need 2 queen-sized blankets for a Central Park picnic? - Done. Need some toddler clothes because the kid your babysitting pissed his pants? - Done. Need a dominican-style blowout with high-end products? - Done. Need bamboo earrings, at least 2 pairs? - Done Simply put, I don't like to admit that I shop here, but I can't deny the fact that this JCPenney always has what I need when I need it. I hearts the JCPenney salon the most, because they sell my expensive brand of shampoo, plus the stylists are all really skilled (this being said from a girl who has had relaxed/natural/a full weave/dyed hair). And you gotta love the coupons. But don't come here around the holiday season. EVER.
This really is like having a dirty little secret ;) Granted, people will say what they will about Bay Plaza, but its the closest department store without traveling tooo far, AND they put in a sephora not too long ago, which (duh) is always a plus. Great brands, GREAT prices (hello, $15 dresses and $5 sale shirts). The shoe department could stand some improvement, but they are constantly bringing in new designers (lulu guinness, Joe Fresh) that again, this bronx girl does not NEED to get on the train for. HUGE NOTE: avoid this place on the weekends, it can be a huuuge mob scene (much like all malls, i guess-tread carefully-unless you are a veteran sale hunter)
Crowded, unclean, surly personnel (if you find them). And stay away from their "hair salon". The ladies at the reception are always on the phone or chatting with each other - I waited for 20 minutes in a 2-person line to just ask a question. They are supposed to be a distributor for the OPI nail polish (to buy which I came there) - but they only had leftovers of may be 4 colors - and those bottles they had were clearly old, with the polish separated. I have been to the place twice - gotta give ppl a second chance, right? - and the experience was awful both times. I will never set my foot there again.
A disclaimer for big dudes. They have don't have sizes larger than 44 or XXXL in this store. I had to laid that out there just because I know dudes be trying to find that right size in the store only come away empty handed. If you want to save a bus fare and frustration with some rude store clerks, go to the JCPenny in Herald Square. They have better selections although it's pricier. I can't say they have lots of cheap stuff all of the time because I've seen prices for shirts at full retail, no discounts. I dunno guys, I'm tired of wasting characters for this review. This place sucks. Go to Herald Square and find your joints there.
Not a big JC Penny gal but they do have really great sales.  You can get great bargains on quality stuff.  Saw some nice party dresses last time I was there.  One of my best friends actually bought all our bridesmaid dresses here that looked beautiful and expensive but wasn't for her wedding.   The store overall was clean and organized.  Good customer service.
JCP is my dirty little secret..its right in my neck of the woods ...they always have a sale and the clothes and accessories are amazing and are of good quality...People ask me "Hey where did you get that....." if I like you I will tip you off..if I have reason to give you the side eye you'll get the "Oh I just got it at some store on 34th street"...not everyone is allowed to partake in this diamond in the rough! lol.
Renovating.  Clerks were trying to be helpful.  One came over with clipboard and just said hello.  Not sure what that was about.  After ringing up purchase clerk actually reached into trashcan for unused bag, when there were plenty on the shelf.  I was horrified.  Is this how they're trying to cut costs?  Mango  boutique had some cute things but sizes take too long to find.  Can't they color code hangers or something?
This is a great store to shop at. It has a great selection and the store is always organized everytime I come here. NO clothes on the floor and clothes are folded neatly on the shelves. The one reason I did not give this store 5 stars is, because it is sometimes hard to find someone to help you. It is like a treasure hunt looking for someone to assist you sometimes.
If I could give them less than a star and still write a review I would.  All I can say is - DO NOT USE THEIR PHOTO STUDIO!!! The most unprofessional and careless people I have ever dealt with.  I will say this - the photographer (and I use that term loosely) did not even have film in the camera when my two sons were ready for their photo!  Unreal
It's funny how I read the reviews and I see people wrote they don't like to say they shop here.  Up until I stepped into this JC Penney I always considered this store comparable to kohls or sears ( my mothers stores).  Not that there's anything wrong with those stores!!! I just can never find clothes I like or that look good on me etc.. Anyways back to the review, this place is a hidden gem.  It's got tons of cute clothes for kids - very stylish and trendy copying a lot of the latest trends.  It's too cute, I shop here all the time for my daughter and we can get similar outfits.  The bags are so cute, they even carry Betsey Johnson now!  My husband also loves this store.  He bought lots of Nike shirts and sweats all around 18 each.  He found Levi shorts for 14$. He also found these great sunglasses for only $16.  All in all great stuff for low prices.  Finally a store where the quality of products is not compromised by being low priced.  Lastly, my all time fave store is inside - Sephora.   they may not carry my fave brand of makeup or skincare, however in terms of treatment to customers this sephora surpasses the others. I can return a clumpy mascara w/o the sales clerk looking annoyed and asking why?  i can shop in this sephora without someone over my shoulder asking if i need help every 10 second...... yet don't get me wrong.  when help is needed, the sales associate will go above and beyond to help even checking inventory in the back.  Finally every sales associate I've encountered so far has been very pleasant from the young man at the door working security to to the lady Madeline (I think) who works in the men's dept and stayed with my husband and I well after closing and her shift ended to help is out with a few things.   A store I always come out of feeling great! not reflect the prices
this store is pretty good. i like it during weekdays. the customer service is not as good as it used to be. Workers seem overwhelmed but the customer service area is awesome and so is the portrait studio. it gets a little crazy in there but the girls are good at what they do. i go here from westchester for my kids portraits:)
Below average JCPenney store located in the Bay Plaza Shopping Center in the Co-op City section of the Bronx. The store has average goods, and is the only store of its kind in the Bronx. This location has a salon on the second floor, but if you're a male client looking to get a haircut, good luck! Most stylists aim for female clients and I've heard a few of them say they don't cut men's hair (Which is ILLEGAL under existing New York State cosmetology licensing laws; they can lose their license if they say they don't cut men's hair). After enduring a problem with their salon and promising to contact New York State Cosmetology Board's headquarters in lower Manhattan did the stylist do a 180 degree turn and told me that she was busy and she didn't mean to say she didn't cut men's hair (they were surprised that I was so well versed in the law).  At the end I got a $100 gift card for my troubles.
When I arrived to the Salon area there were two ladies behind the counter, both on the phone. I patiently waited, until one of them were available to assist me. About a min later they both were off the phone. The ladies then proceeded to hold a conversation with each other. I walked up to the counter again, just when one of the ladies were about to dash from behind the counter before catching herself, turns back to me to say "I'm sorry, did you have an appointment?" "No. But I would like to speak with a manager" She looked shocked at my request, but continued to call out for a manager. A young man came out. I introduced myself and let him know that I've submitted my application for employment online a few weeks ago, and wanted to check the status. He told me they will call soon. As I left I felt like I would never go to that Salon for any services, as I am a consumer first. Nor do I care to work in a salon that treat clients that way.
