What a breath of fresh air. I am accustomed to shopping at the Herald Square (ugh) and Queens Center Mall (UGH!) Macy's and had a very different experience at this location. First of all, I doubt there were two hundred people in the entire store at the time. There was ample parking because as mentioned this store location is not crowded. I set out to accomplish a few things on my visit: 1) Return a Michael Kors bag I ordered online but did not like (DONE) - and the friendly woman helping me informed me that they were having another F&F sale the following day 2) Return one watch and exchange another. This is really what prompted me to write this review. The watch I was looking to exchange I had purchased at 25% off with a F&F coupon. The watch I wanted to exchange it for eas regular price. The lady at the counter offered to give me 25% off for the regular priced watch which she did not have to do to match the return watch discount. Yes! 3) Michael Kors slippers - size exchange from online order. They did not have the size I was looking for but the floor lady was so helpful - she checked other locations and finally ordered the correct size to be sent to my home at no shipping cost. Would come back to this Macy's again. I can't say that the selection is probably as large as Herald Square but a much nicer and less hectic shopping experience.
I picked up a bridal gown without being allowed to try it on. Three days before I picked it up i had my final fitting. Only half of the hem on the bottom of the dress was complete. I tripped on the dress while walking during the trial. The seems tress told me " oh that's fine I will have it ready in three days". Three days later when I went to pick up my dress I wanted to try it on and the staff there told me I couldn't try it on because it was already stuffed. The seamstress was there too t the time of pickup. And I asked her if she finished the hem and she said it's all ready for me, "don't worry". On my wedding day I fell down the stairs coming from my bridal suite. And I kept tripping all night. I am pregnant by the way. Demetrios salon could have killed my unborn child. When I got up from falling, everyone around me noticed my dress wasn't hemmed on one side. I had to hold it all night. I paid $500 for my dress to be hemmed. She stole $500 from me!
I love this location, its a hidden gem. Ample parking, helpful staff, and its very neat and easy to navigate. They have a huge makeup/fragrance section. Upstairs the juniors section is always easy to get what your looking for. Another plus, the price checkers always work. The added a starbucks right off the jewelry section, but it also has its own entrance if you dont want to go into the Macys.
Department store. As previously stated about other Macy's locations, I like Macy's overall but hate that some of their stores always look a battalion of infantry just went through.  This location is one of the better ones. Smaller (it seems to me) than the huge locations scattered around the island, they seem to run a tight ship here and as a double bonus, it never seems to be that crazy crowded here. Huge parking field so getting in and out is a snap.
I only went here for the bridal salon and it was very nice. I didn't buy my dress from here but they had a very nice selection. my maid of honor who is also getting married got her bridesmaid dresses here and has said nothing but good things also in that department. very nice looking stuff! I'm still thinking of the cute Calvin Klein purse I saw on the way out of the store, it seemed more upscale then the Macys in the mall.
This place used to be an A&S (Abaham & Strauss) when I was younger, & as far as I'm concerned, it gets an automatic five stars for NOT being attached to a gigantic shopping mall. God, I hate malls.
This Macy's is easier to shop in since less people seem to be in the store at once.  Maybe this is due to the fact that its a stand alone store and doesn't have the mall traffic; maybe people don't like Macy's.  Regardless, it does make for an easier shopping experience. 3 stories, this particular location has a few items and lines that other Macy's don't---but in no way does it compare to Herald Square.  The only Macy's that could compete with Herald Square would be South Coast Plaza in Orange County, California. The restroom is all the way downstairs in the back through children's.  The ladies' room is typically a mess. :/  Yes, it's handicapped accessible, but it's a schlep. They have an enormous parking lot surrounded by trees---easily reminds me of a horror film. :/
Really poor service. Often, you can go up to a counter or section of clothes with no service person to help, answer questions or help ring customers up. This store needs to invest in more service people and training of existing service representatives.
I'm always at the Herald Square Macy's so when i went to the Manhasset Macy's it was a breath of fresh air so to speak.  I'm very much used to the intense crowds - so when you arrive - the crowds aren't that bad!   I like being able to browse without having to fight off that one item that is on sale, with extra discounts and is on clearance and just happens to be in my size!  Yeah i don't like having to fight for that. All the lines weren't long and the staff was very helpful - although - some staffers who weren't in their own areas weren't able to help much but that's understandable.  The selection of clothing is pretty large having a big variety of stuff for young and old and trendy even. It's also nice to be able to park and not have to wait and stalk people walking to their cars.
I went yesterday after work and arrived at 7pm to find all the gates down and doors locked. There was no sign in the window or person to even ask what was going on. How disappointing and what a waste of my time.
Hands down the worst service I have ever gotten in a department store.  The people are rude, dont want to help on the product and tend to walk away when asked questions.   I was fuming by the time I walked out, got in touch with the VP of customer service for Macys Inc. and was given a $25 gift card in the mail.  Too Little Too Late...
This is an OK Macy's. Being away from a mall and slightly tucked away on Community drive, this Macy's tends to be less crowded and a little more easy going. It isn't so well stocked as other Macy's that I've been to: Roosevelt Field, Herald Square, and even Westchester Mall.
probably my favorite Macy's in the greater NYC area. This Macy's more or less stands alone (it has an adjacent strip of stores next to it, but none are really ever busy) and has a gigantic parking lot. As previous Yelpers have mention, they run a 'tight ship' here; everything is always neat, folded and clean. Even on big sales days, it really isn't that bad. The holidays, are well, the holidays. Expect a TON of people here. But for your normal weekend shopping, the store is usually never packed and a pleasure to shop in. If you're able to make it during weekdays, even better, the store is more or less empty usually.
We went here the day after Thanksgiving.  We did not have an appointment but we were able to browse and then have someone help us a few minutes later.  The woman who helped us was very professional and was very patient as I tried dresses on. Macy's had a good selection, though none of the dresses I tried on were less than $1,000.  Note that the store also carries a lot of older dresses.  I fell in love with a 2010 dress that I could not find anywhere else.   The bridesmaid's dresses were crammed into a back room, so it was hard to see them.  They were on the more costly side (at least $200 each).  However, that being said, I have friends that were able to use Macy's coupons towards the purchases of the dresses.  Overall, it's worth checking out.
I used to come to this Macy's when it was an A&S and I was a preschooler, and it sold cookies. So I ended up here with an appointment in the bridal salon and a confusing mix of nostalgia. The bridal salon wasn't the most aesthetically attractive setup. The carpet was grey, the walls a bland white, and the fluorescent lighting was harsh. The fitting room was awkwardly in the back, but the pedestals and full-length mirrors were on the sales floor, so the sales associate had to help you dress and then walk you out onto the sales floor, where your family gave their opinions. A lot of the dresses were beautiful, but they were completely out of my price range. I hadn't wanted to spend more than $500 on a dress I would only wear once, yet most of their dresses started at $1,000. They were also really not my style- they were traditional WEDDING wedding dresses, with tons of tulle and crinoline and long dragging trains. Most of these skirts literally wouldn't have fit in my small, historic venue. I obviously didn't end up buying my dress here, but I have to say, I really liked the sales associate I worked with (Cat.) She was really polite and helpful, and when I started saying that I was having a small, simple wedding because we'd been together forever, and it just wasn't my vibe, she said she understood completely and came up with a long, formal bridesmaid's dress in white and suggested pinning a brooch to it to make it fancier. I didn't end up getting that dress either, but I did end up stealing the idea, and got a beautiful off-the-rack white dress and a brooch. It's very rare that salespeople in the bridal industry actually listen and are understanding of your decisions to have a low-key wedding.
Meh...this place is too sloppy.  The clothes were falling off the racks and everything was unfolded when I came here to look for a new dress.  I prefer the Macy's in Manhattan but I come to this one because it is close to my job.
Macy's bridal has a great selection of bridal gowns! I did not end up getting my dress here but I did try on some amazing gowns. They had very reasonable prices and the girls there were really nice! I went on labor day weekend and they were having a great sale, any dress you bought was 10% off! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because they did not allow us to take pictures of the gowns I was trying on (lame). I would still recommend the salon to friends
This Macy's is kind of in its own world back/up here, but boasts a better men's selection than the other Macy's I've been to on the Island. Staff is pushy as usual, and though the sloped lot is spacious, inside was crazy during the 1-day sale we stopped by for (bought nada).
This is the Macy's I always tend to come to because of the wide variety of stuff. There are more selections to choose from whether it be the bath and bedding department in the basement, or your cosmetics and accessories on the first floor, and clothing for your everyday needs on the second.
Love this macys!
Decent Macy's, adequately stocked and not picked over. A very decent men's section with quite a bit to choose from, including Lacoste and also a small Ben Sherman section. My friend did pretty good in 45 minutes, walking out with a leather jacket, and 3 shirts.
what can i say about this particular macys... hmm, it is close and the employees are extra friendly. The customer service in the men's fragrance is exceptional....
This place is such a mess.  The clothes are all over the place and people are just rummaging through piles looking for their size.  Clothes were falling off hangers.  The only nice part is the bright perfume and make-up section.  Maybe its the holiday season but it felt so busy here when I was here.
The good thing about this super department store is that you could actually find some good deals if you look. I use to shop here a lot when I was younger for my ridiculous baggy jeans and shirts and there were always deals. The dress clothing and outerwear sections are also not too bad. The jewelry department is a little scant, but again, you could find a couple of good deals that make it worth it. This store is truly huge and worth going to if you have some money to spend.
I love service there excellent!!
This Macy's is the best I have ever been to for service!
My daughter and I had a wonderful experience here. There is a nice selection of bridal gowns and bridesmaid gowns. They had a good range of prices there.
(REVIEW OF BRIDAL SALON) I went bridesmaid shopping on Feb. 2nd with my ladies. We were on a limited budget and so we began our day at David's Bridal in Garden City. After an hour of trying on dresses that were OK, but most of which did not come in the color we needed. And after getting annoyed with having to pull the dresses myself for my bridesmaids and clipping them to fit MYSELF, we went to another dress store. Eventually, we landed at Macy's Bridal in Manhasset, NY. I only was aware of the 34st location in Manhattan, and was excited to have a location in LI. We walked in without an appointment and were serviced right away by Cathiana. There was so much selection and variety in style, look and price! Not to mention, they had the color we needed (which is navy blue). We were give two nice-sized dressing rooms and Cathiana helped us every step of the way. My bridesmaids fell in love with the same dress and we ordered it. We also received a 15% discount because there was a trunk show that day. The discount is locked in so WHEN we come back and order the matching ties, vests, etc. for the men in the exact color brand/match we still get the 15% off. So, if you're in LI dress shopping and looking for inexpensive, but quality bridesmaid dresses... Macy's Bridal is professional and efficient.
huge store with plenty of parking. the selection is awesome. this is one of the best macys around. very clean and neat.
The Men's fitting rooms reek of urine and the carpet has stains to prove it. Other than the urine issue, the store itself has a good selection of clothes, shoes, fragrances, etc.
