Overall, the City Center is a great place to meet a friend for lunch, for the family to see a movie, or even go out on a date (if you don't mind being relatively cheap :P). The reason you can do any of these things is because there are so many stores to visit in a good variety. Others have listed the stores, but my favorites are definitely B&N, Target, the Theater, and the Atlanta Bread Co. (delicious and filling sandwiches! Also, GREAT for people watching as they have window seating). Definitely visit if you have time to spare and like browsing books, eating, or just running up and down escalators :)
The City Center has become White Plains anchor, especially since the Galleria and the White Plains Mall have suffered economic setbacks. There's no doubt that its played an important part in the city's downtown business revitalization. The CC houses Target, Barnes & Noble, Nordstrom Rack, Shoprite, Toys R Us/Babies R Us, and Cinema De Lux. Besides paying for parking, there really aren't any downsides or safety concerns. Once you walk out those doors, the Trump and the Ritz-Carlton residences are within seconds, along with Walmart, Five Guys, and Planet Fitness. Further down Mamaroneck Avenue, you'll find plenty of bars and restaurants.
U better have the right amount of change to put in the machine because I had 0.75 and not a $1 when I was back to my car to get the 0.25 I already got a ticket I went down to tell them that I was just arrived and this girl Marion did not want to hear anything she was very rude and very unprofessional she said if u don't pay  I call the cops And  before I answered she did . When they came they said she does this all the time . Just evil . They should have fired her long time ago but like everything she has a union . She Is bad all around . On the other hand the guy Bob is very nice and really want to help his clients .
City Center is probably my favorite place to waste time in all of dowtown White Plains. Keep in mind that I only visit these locations on my lunch break (12-2pm) or after work (5-8pm) hence, your experience may vary. The NYSC is huge, with gorgeous views, rarely crowded (even during the after-work rush) and well-maintained. Can't argue with the free towels, indoor pool, or individual tvs on all of the cardio machines. Completely worth my $80/month fee. Target is amazing; huge as well, stuff I like/need is usually in stock, well organized, lines can be frustrating if you go here on your lunch break like I do, but the food/sundry selection is great, the clothes are hip, and the after-Halloween sale on candy is worth a trip. Circuit City is AWFUL; waiting on a line for a  hour because the manager doesn't want to put another cashier on a register is NEVER acceptable, especially when all I'm trying to purchase is a $40 USB drive. DSW/Filene's is great, even to 'window shop' and just try stuff on. However, they too suffer from the 'long lines + one cashier = bad math' problem; once again, waiting on line should never take longer than the time spent trying on the merchandise. B&N is always a favorite; however I hate the 'teeny-bopperz' who cut through the store on the way to Main Street or the movies; can't they see that I'm trying to mack with the hottie in the self-help section? (Schizophrenia is the new black, yall.) Atlanta Bread, Cold-Stone, and Applebees are grouped together because though they radically differ, they serve a specific purpose; to provide cheap sustenance when I'm craving semi-crap (be it ice-cream, paninis, or sauce coated meat-like products.) But once again, the restrooms are well-maintained, and service, though occasionally slow, is predictable and average. I've already done separate reviews for Legal Seafood, Asian Temptation, and City Center Cinema, however, here's a roundup; all are expensive, yet all are clean, well maintained, and offer quite a variety of choices (via food/movies.) Never been to Zanaro's, though. In conclusion; City Center is a bright, clean and all-purpose shopping center, and I can't argue with efficiency.
The City Center boasts a Target, Barnes & Noble, Filene's Basement/DSW Shoe Warehouse, Circuit City, Performing Arts Center, movie theater, numerous restaurants, and some other businesses, including a Cold Stone Creamery.  I spend far too much time there.  I have already written reviews of some of the City Center's offerings, but I wanted to write a review of the City Center as a whole. I love the City Center.  I give it only 4 stars because the parking garage can be a real pain; however, I have few complaints about the shopping/dining/moviegoing experiences I've had.  The White Plains Performing Arts Center, also housed in the City Center, is a wonderful venue for local theater. The atmosphere of the City Center is very pleasant.  There are fountains outside, probably one of my favorite things about it (I am easily amused).  The carpeting is clean and nice, and the City Center is spacious and bright.  I enjoy shopping there.  Filene's/DSW (joined together as one store) and Target are my main haunts. As for the restaurants that I have been to, the Applebee's is a typical Applebee's, and Zanaro's is very nice if somewhat noisy (the food is very good).  I am a fan of Cold Stone, even though it is expensive; I love the ice cream with stuff mixed into it.  (Like I said, easily amused.)  ;) There are also residences at the City Center.  The residences are very luxurious, with things like granite countertops, marble bathrooms, washer/dryer, etc.  I would love to live there, but will have to see if my budget will allow. Overall, I love the City Center.  It has brought life to my hometown, and now downtown White Plains is finally a nice place to be.  Other businesses are coming in because of it.  I do wish that downtown WP wasn't quite so corporate--if the corporate stuff was replacing great, privately-owned businesses, I'd be enraged.  However, pre-City Center, downtown White Plains wasn't filled with great private businesses--it was filled with 99-cent stores, and it wasn't a safe place to walk around at night. Yay for the City Center.  :) EDITED 4/27/2010 to add: Filene's/DSW and Circuit City are gone.  I still miss Filene's, even though it's been gone for a while now.  Shop Rite is planning to occupy its former spot, and there are rumors of something coming into the former Circuit City spot as well.  Stay tuned.
Again, parking sucks when it gets busy (Friday and Saturday nights) but the shopping here is NOT BAD! Filenes Basement is awesome! It has a DSW connected to it. Circuit City for your electronics needs. Barnes and Noble (which has Cheesecake Factory cheescake in the Starbucks) is a nice place to chill out before a movie or just to read a mag. Atlanta Bread Co for some coffee and a bite to eat. TARGET!!!! i dunno why, but i love Target. Its huge, it has like a grocery section. White Plains Performing Arts Center for shows. and please do not forget.... COLDSTONE CREAMERY!!!!  i love Coldstone :-) There are also some restaurants. Zanaro's (italian, nice place, good food), Applebee's (yuck), and Asia Temptation (which i have searched for everytime but cannot find)!
Circuit City - gets crazy and has poor service Target - Equally crazy, but nice to have in the area Movie Theater - one of my favorite in the area Barnes and Noble - always good to have, kills time when waiting for a movie I don't know anything about Filene's Basement or DSW, so can't review those. Another mall for White Plains - that makes three? Maybe four.
A large building in the center of White Plains, with a large shopping complex above, and a Target down on L2/B2 (all underground). Hard to figure out how to get to the Target if you don't know where you're headed... the little Target sign is exactly opposite of the entrance in the back. Parking is 0.75 for an hour, and you can add time to that. Aside from that, a little bit annoying to get into the parking garage in the back, but overall not too bad. Lots of outdoor and indoor seating for people to chat, cool their heels, or people watch.
There isn't too much to do here, but its a nice place to kill time before or after a movie. There's a Filene's Basement/DSW, which is pretty good in itself, Barnes and Noble's, Cold Stone Creamery, Circuit City, Applebee's, Zannaro's, and a Target. Parking is fifty cents per hour, so it's not too expensive. And it you don't pay the meter, you'll get fined $2 (no matter how long you were actually parked there).
My faves are Target and Barnes & Noble. Target is clean and organized and, as always, sells everything you could possibly need for pretty cheap. Barnes & Noble has a little cafe inside for cheapskate browsers like me. There are also CD and DVD sections with good sales every now and then.
Worst place to park your car.  They are running a scam where they watch you park and walk toward meter and ticket you before you can get there!  Then they get pissed at you when you confront them after walking back to your car only moments later to see the ticket which is only 3 mins different in time - Ursella gives plenty of attitude at the desk and even threw my receipt at me because I dare confront her on the issue.
I haven't been to all the stores here, but to be honest a trip to the White Plains City Center to me it's worth the traffic and parking etc for the Target and Barnes & Nobles alone. I've been to several Target stores and the White Plains one so far is the one I like best: it's all on one floor, it's well set up and it has a nice selection of just about everything you expect to find at Target (except maybe workout DVDs, which seem to be limited to yoga and Pilates). The Barnes & Nobles is great too, with a great selection, helpful personnel and a lovely kids section that both my daughters are drawn to. They also have a Starbucks inside so you can sit and browse through books and magazines while sipping your latte (as long as you don't spill on the books!). I've also been to the NYSC gym on the top two (three?) floors and that's also very nice: huge, lots of equipment, a pool, childcare, and when the nursery is closed it can be rented by members for family parties and such. Also, unlike most shopping centers/malls within city limits, the outside is fairly nice too. My daughters really like the fountains out front, there are benches and it's nice and cool in summer, so it's a nice place to sit with tour ice cream from Cold Stone and read the gossip mag you just grabbed at B&N :-)
I love the Babies R' Us, Barnes & Noble and the Target at this location.  These stores are well organized and the their staff are very helpful. I have no complaints!
My third go-to place for a casual dinner and movie after Ridge Hill and the Palisades Mall. The theater is fine, but the restaurant choices in the immediate vicinity are weak, you would have to walk a few blocks down Mamaroneck Ave to find something good. They have a Target, Barnes & Noble, Stop & Shop (or is it a Shoprite?), and a Nordstram's Rack "discount" store. Parking is pretty easy.
Ugh, this place is so boring, how can people come here? During the winter I came here to keep my ass cheeks from freezing off my pelvic bone
Pretty solid movie theater! Especially on Tuesdays, when seeing any flick is only $7! That includes IMAX and 3D, which never happens anywhere else! I also like that you can lift the armrest between seats, if you wanna cuddle up with your potential sweetheart.
Was so excited when this place opened b/c I didn't want to go to the movie theatres all the way in the Palisades.  This place has a nice Target in the basement, a nice movie theatre though it can get crowded,  B&N, and Filene's Bsmt.  I basically go to White Plains just to go to the City Center.  There are many levels of parking and never ever had a problem finding parking even on peak times.  I actually consider it the heart of downtown WP b/c of it's central location to everything like the Trump condos/lofts, the Westchester Mall, and nice bars/restaurants on Mamaroneck Ave.  You can park here and walk anywhere. 50 cents/hr.
I'm a mall-hater, and City Center isn't an exception (unlike the nearby Westchester). However, they get one star for having the only decent large movie theater and one star for having a nice-sized Target (because who doesn't love Target?).
Never saw such a big space for so few stores. (Target and the theater are the only draws.) And now that they put cheesy vending machines in the atrium, City Center is well on its way to looking like the old White Plains Mall. Here's an idea to all local developers: When you build something called a "City Center," try to put more than three stores in it.
The Target here is great and they have a huge selection. That's pretty much the only store I go to here at the City Center.
Went to Zannaro's for Sunday Brunch 2 weeks ago with my family of 6 and it was awesome. New, Chef Joe Di Maggio is world class talent that puts the restaurant's next door location to the Ritz Carlton in proper perspective. White Plains has a lot of good Italian Restaurants, however maybe too much and they have become boring to the point that you go to the City if you want excitement for the palate. Joe has tinkered changed and touched the menu into a wonderful array of    Italian food with the best touches of American and world cuisine and that includes the background music. Best, is that the staff which has always been great  are all involved and consumed in the effort to transform your dining experience. The Breakfast Buffet with chocolate, kiwi, and countless variations of pancakes among more traditional offerings leave you in 7th heaven. A must go. I live in White Plains, work in the City and do my share of travel, this is a find. Will be back this Sunday and plan to do more business lunches there especially since their prices are realistic. Jason M
Attractive, clean, new-ish shopping center, convenient to the White Plains train station.  Only thing is that there doesn't seem to be an entrance from Main Street, so the big Target logo that draws me in doesn't have an arrow pointing to the entrance, which is in the back.
