I have been going to Imagine for about a year now. Dante, Dante, Dante ... what an amazing talent. My hair cut is always top notch stylish and get's tons of compliments. Thank you Imagine. Keep on rocking'! Lukia
The only place I trust with my hair in Buffalo. I've been a regular for two years and will be their customer for as long as I am in the area. I get my hair done by Annie. She is awesome, as a hair stylist and person. The first time I came there, she took time to really understand what I want. She was very patient and understanding towards my obsession with perfection. I have long and straight hair which likes to get tingled when wet. Annie takes time to brush it and makes me feel at most comfortable. At some other places in Buffalo the stylists got mad at my hair tingling and took it out by brushing my poor hair like crazy. I felt bad for even asking them to do my hair. With Annie, I can fall asleep while she is doing her magic. I like that they always expand their range of services. Every time I come, they have some new technique. If you read about a fancy procedure in a hair magazine, I'm pretty sure Imagine is already offering it. Always on top of the game with the market. I also buy my shampoo and hair conditioner from there. My hair loves it and doesn't want to go back to any other stuff. What really makes me believe that the place is great? When I look around and see other peoples' hair done, I see that they look so much better leaving the salon. They say that "hair is a woman's crowning glory". I believe it very much and I am ready to pay for the crown. In other words, the price is right too.
I visited this salon because I got a promotional deal through livingsocial.com.  The deal was $50 for manicure, pedicure, highlights, shine treatment, and a 1 hour facial.   The salon is adorable and I love the waiting area.  They have a TV and a fun Keurig machine for coffee.  The only thing I didn't like about the waiting area was the waiting.  I had to wait 45 minutes after my scheduled appointment time! The manicure and pedicure was pretty haphazard.  The promotion was for the "express" version, so I didn't expect much, but the technician didn't do a great job.  She put lotion on my hands but didn't adequately remove it from my nails, so the polish didn't dry right and I had to remove it the next day.   The highlights were fine... nothing to write home about. The 1-hour facial lasted only 30 minutes and didn't include any steam or extractions. I was disappointed with the overall experience, but I guess you get what you pay for.  They told me they were overwhelmed with the response from the Living Social deal, so perhaps they were having some growing pains.
