I wish I could afford to come here 3-4X per week, but sadly, I cannot...and not many people (average people) can.  Scarsdale yuppie moms, yes, they are the lucky ones! This is my FAVORITE workout from a gal who usually HATES to workout.  I have tried a bit of everything from yoga to aerobics to treadmill and more... I've also done other spin classes at Crunch, which were a lot of fun, but NOTHING AND I REALLY MEAN NOTHING COMPARES TO SOUL CYCLE.  Especially TAYE'S CLASS.  She is a total diva that will bust your a$s into shape and call you out and make you wanna perfect that twerk, yes honey, it is ALL ABOUT TAYE TIME.  She is amazing!  She will motivate you, challenge you, and inspire you with her awesome words, moves, and music.  If you love music, dripping sweat, and a really really fun workout this is for you! Also worth noting that the Soul Cycle facilities are beautiful -- everything is pristine.  Enjoy cycling in the dark w/ candlelight along to bumpin music in this fitness junkie oasis!
I've been wanting to try Soul Cycle for some time. When I saw that Scarsdale was offering a free class I immediately signed up. I've never been to a Soul Cycle studio and this was my first, and so far only, experience at Soul. I thought the layout of the studio was awful. The reception desk is in front of you when you walk in. To the left is a long hallway leading to the bathrooms and some lockers. To the right is the small store and to the back of this area is few more lockers. I arrived about 15 minutes before the start of the class. The long hallway was packed with people and it was extremely crowded and claustrophobic. The spin room was the same. The bikes were on top of each other, no space in between, and the room was very hot. It looked like there were a few fans on the wall but the one in the back wasn't working. I heard how great Soul was because you spin in candlelight. This wasn't particularly impressive. There were still some overhead lights in the studio and a spot light over the instructor. Both lights were periodically turned on during class by the teacher. As far as candlelight, there was just one big candle in front that was lite. It didn't really offer anything in way of ambiance. The music was good, as was the instructor. Most of the ride was out of the saddle and was mostly high speed intervals. The instructor didn't say much and the class pretty much changed their positions as she did. I did learn some new moves on the bike, which was impressive since I've been taking spin classes at various places for probably 10 years. Overall the ride was fun and the instructor was motivating but I did have major concerns about the weights. All moves with weights took place while riding standing. This just seemed very dangerous. There also didn't seem to be an showers at this location (not sure if this is try at all locations). The lockers were all out in the open so there was also no private space to change (other then two small bathrooms, which had huge lines). I also imagine there is going to be la shortage of lockers when the weather gets colder. At $30 plus a class I don't think I'll be going back any time soon. If I did, I would probably not go to this particular studio.
I love to spin and this is my favorite place to do it. I LOVE the classes and always feel  amazing when I walk out (even with my bright red face & sweaty hair lol) Soul cycle teaches class very different from other gyms.  I don't like working out BUT I LOVE TO SPIN AT SOUL CYCLE!!!! It is full body workout. The instructors are all great. I have a couple of favorites, but it really doesn't matter who teaches, they are all GREAT! The only draw back for me is the price and the music is super loud. I usually wear earplugs ( they have them at front desk) As for the price, I get packages, so it brings down the cost a little, but not enough.  I would love to go there 4 days a week but I cant spend that much  $ for a work outclass. Soul cycle is the best spin class I have ever taken. Good for the mind, body & soul.
I have been to two classes and I am completely obsessed! After doing extreme cardio kickboxing for 4 years, I needed a change. I tried a few gym classes but I was bored. SoulCycle is fun and intense! Really works out your whole body!! Went two days ago and still feel it. It's all I can think about... I had a little trouble getting on the bike at first because your feet clip in to the pedals. Angelica at the front desk explained everything to me and helped me out 100%. Didn't have any trouble after that. I like that they have towels there for you and a secure place for you to put your things.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is pretty expensive. $32 per class plus $3 shoe rental. Soo worth it though!!!!!
I'd give this place 5 stars easily if it was cheaper. The steep prices is the only reason why i cannot give this place 5 stars. This place is located right next to the Scarsdale Train Station, and is above the CVS. It is in a new building that was constructed a few years ago. Soul Cycle is a small studio, but it packs quite a punch. They keep everything clean. The receptionists are very friendly and are very helpful. The locker rooms have digital locks for your personal belongings. They have sanitary bathrooms. They provide a free towel for your session. As a 1st timer, your 1st class is free (you still have to pay for 1 class, but they reimburse you after you reserve a spot in a class). You must wear cycling shoes. For the 1st time, again, this is free, but it is $3 afterwards for each time you borrow them. There are decent amount of bikes in the small studio; they are cramped together, but that brings about a sense of camaraderie. I've only been to the 6am sessions. The beauty about the 6am classes is that you can park for free near the studio. After 9am, you have to park at the nearby parking lot, where SoulCycle redeems your parking ticket. For my 1st class, i had Andrea. She was really nice, and she was very accommodating to me since she knew it was my 1st class. She emphasized proper technique. She even educated me why adding resistance makes cycling easier since you can focus more effort on balance too. THe class was still intense. I think Andrea is a great instructor for a noob. If you want someone more hardcore, then don't look no further than to Taye, the other  6am instructor. She is a beast, but i mean that in the best way possible. She will work you. She pushes you to your max, and when you think you can't go any further, she turns it up an extra notch and encourages you to go harder and farther. These 2 instructors are great, and I feel like these classes are a great way to start my mornings. Now if only they offered free shoe rentals, or provided student discounts or better discounts for the class packages. $31/class for a 10-class session? $1 off isn't much of a deal.  Aside from the price, i guess i am still willing to go and pay as long as i don't go a lot. I think going 1x a week is fine if you're on a budget. I have to say that this class works your WHOLE body, not just your legs, and it's a great supplement to running.
Best workout--- Mind, body & SOUL! I've been going to SoulCycle for about 5 months now on a regular basis. I recently got engaged and wanted to really step up my workout by incorporating some additional cardio into my routine.  It was only by chance in my schedule that I decided to give an independent spin studio a try. Prior to my first experience at Soul, I regularly MTB outdoors and have been to several spin classes that are included with my gym membership--- however, let me tell you the classes offered at Soul DO NOT COMPARE to your average gyms' spin class!  It's 45 minutes of high intensity and high level energy. Truly a full body workout.   Between their perfect physiques and motivational words, the instructors at Soul are a cross between trainer and therapist.  The staff is super friendly and class times are scattered throughout the week leaving you with little room for scheduling excuses. Parking is always available - 90 minute meters throughout the street (15 minutes per quarter), no meters on Sundays and before 9am. All the more reason to make it to Taye's 6am Wednesday class! Thanks Soul for bringing my dress size2 sizes down and pushing me to limits I didn't know I could surpass!
I am a SoulCycle junkie -- it's my happy place, my treat after a stressful day, or something to look forward to on a weekend morning. I never thought I'd enjoy a spin class until I tried SoulCycle -- it's tougher than anything at NYSC or your local gym, but it's also more fun. The music is loud and on point for the dance party on a bike that you're going to have. The tapbacks, jumps, climbs, crunches, pushups and weights -- yes, we use 1lb weights, or more if you're up to the challenge, but they feel like lead balls by the end of the class -- have transformed my body like nothing else. The teachers are inspiring. I walk out of every class forgetting about what's stressing me, and not just believing that I can achieve my dreams, but knowing that I will. The customer service -- from the friendly front desk staff, to the super fabulous, engaging teachers who are social media savvy and fun to follow on Twitter -- is second to none. It's really worth every penny, which is good, because I spend many pennies at SoulCycle. It's changed my life. Coming when the studio is quiet is always a treat since there's ample seating and space (unlike some of the city studios), and it's good to talk to the fantastic front desk staff and browse the adorable Soul gear. I don't want to blow up my spot of my favorite class time, since I always want my front row center bike. I've ridden at all the studios in the city and Scarsdale, and this is probably my favorite.
If I could give this 6 stars, I would. Ok so a class is $34, shoes $3 and water $2. Is it expensive??  absolutely for a 45 min class. But I swear it's worth every penny and then some. The instructors are motivating and encouraging. There's an overall atmosphere that you ride as a pack. The class is energetic but yet such a good workout. Each teacher is different as with their music. The front staff, Kate, Nicole and the rest of the gang are phenom! The only bad thing I  have to say is that Taye, can be harsh. Def not friendly to the new riders, but maybe she was having an off day, I never took her again. But Daniel, lance, lily and Amanda k are wonderful!
LOVE IT HERE!!! Music is great! Gets my blood going :)  Always a great workout.
