I was staying with a friend in the Bronx and visited the Dahn Yoga center with her on several occasions. The atmosphere was very peaceful and welcoming. I really enjoyed the class style. I have tried other types of yoga but non of them left me feeling as relaxed as this class. I felt energized and my body felt more open and well stretched. The instructors were friendly and informative. I liked having tea together at the end of class. Plan on looking for a Dahn Yoga center near home when I leave. Barbara
Felt more like Marine basic training than a yoga class. I've been looking at this place for 3 years now, but could never afford it. I got a Groupon offer of 10 classes for $50 (80% off), so I jumped at it. I've been to 3 classes and already dread going...I'm almost afraid I'll get hurt there, which is the exact opposite of what yoga is about. First you do this 'abdomen tapping' which is just what it sounds like, which was okay. Then the drills start...I'm surprised our instructor didn't have a whistle. Positively barking at us to keep up with her--intense stretches and poses that you have to hold for 3 minutes or more, and when you can finally release, she instantly put us in another one. Saying 'just relax' while you're on your back with your feet thrown over your head and toes pointed was not possible for me. Another agonizer was holding your feet at a 45 degree angle, for an interminable amount of time. Some really buff guy behind me said afterwards that it was a great workout, but I was expecting a more Hatha-type experience. I also didn't like the canned music, which seemed artificial and manipulative to me (drums we go fast, bird sounds we relax). Maybe it was just this particular teacher...but it wasn't my kind of yoga.
I can't believe I forgot to review this place! I am also one of the Groupon purchasers. Dahn yoga, which I later learned from my Korean friends, is actually a cult. LOL. The instructor strongly encouraging me to wear white (I don't own any white shirts, so showed up in grey the next time, but was not scolded), focusing on the breathing so much, combining weird music at all times, and forcing everyone to hold hands/talk about the session while drinking tea at the end... it all makes more sense now. And the mystical "gi" stuff, oh please, it's called proprioception. This was not for me as I prefer hot yoga. Some people seemed to enjoy the slower pace (evening class), so as long as you don't attend their brainwashing camps and donate $, exercise is exercise.
I love Dahn Yoga! Dahn Yoga changed my life!  Before join this training. I was feeling depress and tired often. But now I feel energized and refresh. They do stretching, body tapping, brething and meditation in the class. It is so fun and I always feel so relax after class. I am so grateful to all instructors who are very kind and caring. I am so happy about the fact that I found Dahn Yoga. I love to continue my training in Dahn for better health!
First of all, everyone who gave Bronx Dahn Yoga mediocre reviews need to come back and check out Stephanie the new manager, and what she's done to the place.  First of all her classes are amazing, and her good mood is really contagious.  She's super pretty and is the model for some of Dahn Yoga's books and magazines.  I found that after taking a few classes, she's also really insightful and really helped me get into my body and not letting my mind bounce around the room. I think that Dahn Yoga isn't for everyone.  If people just want a workout, they should go to a gym.   Dahn Yoga is the closest thing that I've found to original Indian Yoga, even though it's from Korea.  Take a look at the 8 limbs of yoga, and you'll see that Asana, and Pranayama (stretching and breathing) are just 2 of the limbs.  Originally yoga is about changing the mind, and changing the way we live.  If people think that's a cult, than I guess you can join a gym and be the same way you always were, just stiffer and better able to lift up heavy things and put them back down again. If you are looking for authentic mind body practice, look no further. I've seen people cure everything from headaches to cancer, and the sharing and the tea are really great ways to meet other people and listen to the theories and principles of Dahn Yoga.  It's all based on Oriental Medicine theory, and the visualizations, the energy training is all legit. I'm kind of tired of hearing people call Dahn Yoga a cult.  If you ask anybody who did yoga in the 60s they were all called religions, or cults or all kinds of slander.  Why don't people open their mind and try to learn something new. Theres certainly some traditional elements from the Korean roots of Dahn Yoga, like not wearing super bright clothes and greeting with a bow, and I actually really like this.  I think that we could learn a lot from other cultures or should I say "cult"ures. I'm super happy with the new Bronx studio and all I can say is try it for at least 3 classes and see what you find from it.
I hate this place.  I got a Groupon for $20 for 20 Yoga classes throughout the city (five max at this one). After my first class here, a tall Asian man (the owner, I believe) called me out and informed me that I would have to take all five classes by the end if the month (within TWO weeks)! This was NOT stated on the Groupon and I told him that but he persisted. My second class was horrible and GRUELING, even though it was supposed to be Tai Chi. I described the workout to others and everyone said it was definitely NOT Tai Chi.  This man also announced to the class that I was there with a coupon!!! Needless to say, I never returned and never will .  He humiliated me and made me feel horrible, which is the exact opposite of what Yoga is supposed to be about. I have since gone to another Yoga studio in Manhattan and the instructors there are the opposite of this guy, they are warm, kind, and caring and I am going to continue with them as a full-paying customer. Stay far away from this place, he is NOT a nice person, he is very unprofessional, and the classes are NOT at all relaxing!!!
Awesome yoga studio. Not to strong. I once went to a center where they did all of these weird poses and the teachers made you feel like a loser for not wearing their 'gaiam' style size 2 yoga outfits. I felt great afterwards. And everytime I take the class, I feel better and better. I travel alot, so it's great to have locations all over the U.S. Check it out.
Metered parking is available around the building. The studio is very aesthetically pleasing, and clean. Upon arrival (15 mins early as instructed), shoes must be removed prior to entering the studio. Inside, nobody was waiting at the reception desk and there isn't a sitting area so you just kind of sit at the desk waiting. There aren't lockers to store your items, more or less a large walk-in closet where you can change and it looks like regulars store their mats and yoga outfits (?), so not too crazy about lack of a secure place to put my purse etc. waited for over 15 mins at the desk with no signs of reception. 4 elderly people trickled in as I was waiting. And each person went in to the studio and began what sounded like counting and breathing exercises led by the instructor. Ended up just going right into class after waiting with no sign of reception. It's definitely a different sort of yoga that incorporates chakra alignment and more visualization exercises that I could do without. I'd say the poses weren't as intense as I usually like but it's better than no exercise at all. Instructor was very nice, and there was no sense of a cult vibe or any discussion about wearing only white. Was greeted by one of the owners on the way out and she was very welcoming. Worth checking out if you are curious.
I have one thing to say, why have you not gone here yet. This place is not your typical yoga no traditional places, but since I have been going here I feel GREAT! I said before I lost weight and find myself with more energy. The instructors are funny and really caring. They push you in a way that you can really feel your body getting better, sometimes I feel like its to much, but then it gets better.  see you their
