Had an amazing day on this fun beach, and I was Floored to see the low reviews.   I was actually offended by one guy who said "not only was the water dirty, it was 55% latino, 30% black", etc.    Wtf?   This is New York F*ing City!   There are so many cultures here, so many fun experiences,  and this was one of them. Came on Labor Day and enjoyed reasonably light crowds, cold beers from the vendors, a nature hike or two, geese who were raising a family, friendly people, plenty - TONS - of space to myself.   Really great. As for the people complaining about the parking fee - then take public transit if you don't want to pay.   I was in awe all day at this fun little find - not the Riviera or Fire Island - but a super fun break in the middle of summer.
Ahhh the Rivera of New York, Orchard Beach. For a man made beach, this place is a bit of all right! Pros: Bx12 Select Service bus takes you right there! Lets you out a 5 min walk from the 'boardwalk'. I know the beach has parking, but I can't speak about it because owning a car in NYC is stupid, so I imagine it is ridiculously expensive to use. Beach is small. Why is that a plus, many lifeguards. Easy to see far out if you are with children. Lifeguard come on duty at 10am. Outdoor shower and foot washing station on the boardwalk. Large bathroom, although very dirty. You may want to use the shower after. It does have a baby changing station. Concession stand if you like paying $4. For bottled water. EMPTY until about 11am. Literally a beach all for you in the am. It was perfect. Sun worshippers tanning quietly.  Minimal gull harassment. Clean, because crews combed it early and no one there to wreck it. CONS: 12:01 PM THIS PLACE IS A CIRCUS Every beach nightmare seems to visit this place. I'm 40, I enjoy my quiet, and respect my surroundings. You will probably not meet me because at 12:01 the 11:59 am bus dumps the first wave of beach goers. I could not fold my blanket fast enough. As a life long NYer I was happy to not have to travel from the Bronx to Brooklyn for a dip, However, people are people. So if crowds, radio's, kids crying and teens cursing are not for you, come early.
What nerve to charge us $7-$9 for parking ! Like I do not pay enough in property taxes. Especially since you know that the CT 1% do not show their faces in the environs on the beach or park. At least clean the water and make the sand more appealing.  Or better yet, enforce the noise pollution laws so I can read a book or listen to the ocean waves. I rarely give a bad review on Yelp but here it is merited. Actually, negative would be better. Ya, I was also stung by something. Yes, they charge parking in places like Manhattan Beach but at least you have the democratic option to park farther away for free and walk a little.   What nerve !
My family calls this beach Chocha Beach, don't know why. The beach is nice and clean but the water... Yuck... I wouldn't throw myself in that water even if they offer me a million dollars. It's smelly and dirty. Definitely not a place to swim in. Just a place to take the sun and tan.
I just shot a new music video here.  ALL DAY.  the VIBE IS GREAT.  The cops are the chillest Cops I've ever been around.  Just a good family vibe.  Yeah it's loud and Salsa music Blaring.  But no bad vibes at all.  Really fun.  5 freakin Stahs,
Haters gon' hate... I love this beach! It's a microcosm of The Bronx & there's always something going on. If cultures outside your own make you nervous a) don't go here and b) you're probably some type of jerk-face. Was just there on Sunday & it was packed following the Puerto Rican Day parade. I took in a basketball tournament & then a salsa dancing party before grabbing a water ice & finding my spot on the beach (go to the far North end if you want a little more space). Lots of families & tons of people in the water having fun... On the 'boardwalk' a rowdier crowd towards evening. (Not 100% on booze rules but looks like you can BYOB, just be discreet & no glass...? They were selling Corona there on Sunday.) On the weekends BYOTP (bring your own toilet paper) (they run out) & expect a slight wait to use the john if you're a gal. There was a parks worker keeping the bathroom pretty clean all day. If you don't want to wait in a roller-coater-line type chute for the buses at the end of the day, leave by 3:30pm. The playground there has a big water sprinkler going for kids in the Summer. I admit, I do wish people would be better about picking up their own trash, and I have yet to fully submerge in the water, but I haven't found it as bad as some people say. Each time I go here I'm happy. The good outweighs the bad @ Orchard Beach!
Just came back from this beach and now I regret having spent the only day off I have trekking all the way here from Manhattan. Now I know why people from other boroughs completely ignore this beach. Yes it's accessible by public transportation (take the 6 all the way to the last stop and transfer to BX12 that will get you right at the entrance of the beach) but it's just...TOO DAMN FAR AWAY!!! The ride is sort of like the life-sucking 7 train trips from the city to Flushing since it goes halfway underground and halfway above ground. The bad part is that the scenery sucks and the ride just takes that much longer!! Enough with the transportation. The beach itself looked pretty well-maintained, with cops and staff keeping an eye in the surroundings. However, the entire atmosphere reminded me of Coney Island beaches minus the boardwalk and carnval games/arcades and the amusement park. The water wasn't that clean and the people were I would say about 55% Hispanics, 25% Blacks and 20% some Gringos (Whites) of Italian descent (sort of like the Jersey-shore types but older and freakish looking ones) that just happen to live in Bronx. To worsen the case, you will here someone blast their shitty ass Reggeaton music so really, you would have to deal with that during your entire stay. Restrooms are available but I didn't bother going in. Any Food stands? Yea, just ONE that says Havana Cafe and has signs it sells "CUBAN FOOD" which is misleading as I found NO Cuban Food whatsoever and it's the typical greasy ass beach food like Hamburgers, Fries, Wraps, Chicken Tenders, Onion Rings, etc. I know this beach is artificial and man-made, but still, I wouldn't come here especially if you want to relax and take in some sun while enjoying some peaceful surroundings. It's like a lovechild of Seaside Heights and Coney Island with a bunch of Hispanics thrown into it.
What it lacks in clean water (I still can't get over how dirty and smelly it still is), Orchard Beach still offers a lengthy boardwalk, clean sands and a great way to pass a hot Bronx day. There are ice cream vendors who walk along the beach selling ices and ice cream bars and there's a roving, but unobtrusive police presence, along with staff, to make  sure the beach is very well maintained and secure. Orchard Beach is pretty big and I always thought they should feature a few vendors to offer a variety of food and snack choices, but baby steps I guess. During the colder months, Orchard Beach stays open so you can walk along its concrete pier, explore/hike some nature trails in the wooded area, or just generally pass a day along the empty waters. I actually prefer it around this time because the parking is free and with less people, you feel like you have the place to yourself. As for the summer months, I would really love to see an effort to have the waters cleaned. I see people bathing in it, but I can't suffer the smell or murky green look of it. I know I sound like a snobbish d-bag, but after going to beaches in Italy, Australia, Greece and Maui, I'm spoiled and I don't think it's too much to ask that we have a clean beach too. I love my hometown and The Bronx deserves no less. 3 stars for now, but a solid 5 when that day comes when we can pridefully pee in our own clean, cool waters.
Listen, I lve in Manhattan now and the lady who made a false statement about Brooklyn beaches is a complete "LIE" first of all I grow up in Brooklyn and I have been going to Manhattan beach for as long as I can remember.... It's CLEAN  everywhere.... Now, I have never been to Ochard beach but with the bad reviews and over population of a specifics ............ I will not be attending....
Don't listen to the haters. There is an absurd level of hate pointed toward The Bronx.  This is due to movies and the unfair view that The Bronx is populated exclusively by stupid, uneducated ghetto people.  That is simply not the case.  The Bronx is home to some of the city's best universities/colleges and the highest percentage of park land in the 5 boroughs. Orchard Beach is part of Pelham Bay Park, which is NYC's largest park.  The beach is nestled in a corner of the park that is fairly distant from the Subway.  Anyone with half a brain and experience living in NYC knows that proximity to the subway is the kiss of death for cleanliness and peacefulness.  It is for this reason that the beach is exponentially cleaner than Coney Island or Brighton Beach could ever hope to be.  Swap the mix of Russian and Latina girls being hounded/scoped by creepy ghetto dudes for mostly Latina's being given the same treatment, the vibe is similar to Coney Island.  FYI, this beach is surrounded by almost-completely white neighborhoods, the only exception being nearby Co-Op City which is a little ghetto.  The closest residential area is City Island, which has a very Middle Class population. The biggest downfall of this beach is that it is not an ocean beach, but on Eastchester Bay, an inlet of the Long Island Sound, which is an extension of the Atlantic Ocean.  The distance from the Ocean means its waters are quite still and waves are not to be seen.  This also creates a murkiness to the water that some find unpleasant, but on a less crowded day or when the tides are just right, the water can actually be quite a bit warmer and cleaner than the ocean beaches in the city. I am a Manhattan resident who despises Brooklyn beaches.  I think they're gross and dirty and I don't like the shack-like atmosphere of the businesses surrounding the boardwalks.  I find it depressing to see the projects and homeless people around the beach. Orchard Beach has none of that.  As I live on the Upper East Side, I find that it takes me longer to get to Coney Island than Orchard Beach with the train/bike route I recommend. In fact, if you're a sporty person, like me, taking the 6 with your bike makes the trip an adventure, a workout and a zen experience that you cannot have going to any other city beach.  Riding your bike is actually faster than taking the bus and allows you to explore the hiking biking trails surrounding the beach when you get there.  In fact, you can even find some secluded spots along the rocky shores of the trails if you want to have total peace and tranquility.  I've even seen people skinnydipping in the waters off the trails - it's that secluded, despite being in New York City! Basically, if you're looking for an easy trip where you just don't move your body and you just want to get a tan, I think you should go to a tanning salon.  But if you want to truly get back to nature, bike from the 6 to the beach, have an adventure, soak up the sun as your reward and feel like you've traveled far from the city without leaving it, go to Orchard Beach.  You can even end your day by heading over to City Island and have a bite to eat at one of its (admittedly mediocre) seafood restaurants. Orchard Beach is one of New York's best kept secrets.  It stays that way because people don't know what to expect.  Pelham Bay Park is not funded the way Central Park is and the experience is very different but it's equally beautiful in a natural, much less developed way.  Orchard Beach is also much less developed than Coney Island beach, but that is exactly what makes it so much better.
If I could put negative stars I would - I've been to almost every beach in the city and never again Orchard Beach - I used to live near there so I thought I'd visit my old stomping ground and go last week - was stung by something (still unsure of what) and blew up! Thank god I went to the ER - doctor said if I had decided to just take care of it myself with OTC stuff at Duane Reade or something it would've been fatal - these pics are even after the first IV of Benadryl and cortisone so the swelling went down significantly
Golly gee!!I By far this is one of the most dirtiest beaches I've ever been to!!! A while back, after dinning at City Island, we decided to walk it off and head to Orchard Beach to check it out. The walk itself was about 2 miles which we didn't mind. However, the beach itself was definitely not an oasis once we arrived. Understandably this is a small beach, but my god was this beach  absolutely filthy!!! Cans and bottles littered all over the place with boom boxes competing with one another  just to out play each other. Worst off, this beach was super crowded. Perhaps, it was hot that day and everyone wanted to visit the beach but personally for me, this is one beach that l seriously do not care to revisit again...EVER!!!
If you think the people here are bad, you seriously must have been raised in a farm in Nebraska. They're not bad people, they're admittedly loud and crazy, but not bad. In fact, I've found people here to be quite friendly, as a matter of fact. People act like the same "gang members" or "prison inmates" can't hop on a train and go to Manhattan. The water isn't perfect, though let's be reasonable: as long as humans exist, water will be polluted. It's not much cleaner anywhere else, especially in the Sound. I have to say though, it's much cleaner than it used to be. The best bet is to take the bus, then walk to either far end of the beach. There's some nice spots of solitude and sun that are far away from the loud salsa dancers on the boardwalk.
Things you can do in Orchard Beach: (1) Poke weird creatures dead by the water (if you fancy a fetish of dissection) (2) Do a Jennifer Lopez parody for your YouTube channel. The background dancers are already available and backdrop is quite perfect. (3) Get a tan if you're a gringa that happens to live in the Bronx and you're too busy to go to other beaches two hours away. (4) Hide if you're a fugitive. Not many people think of Orchard Beach right away, if at all. Ah, I miss living in Florida.
Free admission $6 parking on weekdays $8 parking on weekends & holidays water closes at 6 pm sand closes at 7 pm Crowd: mostly minorities (blacks and hispanics), few asians, whites, and indian. With many families, it can get a bit loud so if you want a quiet beach...walk all the way to the end of the beach or go elsewhere. Less crowded if you walk down to section 5 and beyond. Section 1 is the nude beach area. Boardwalk area is crowded and has some food/drinks stands. Playground, basketball and volleyball courts are available too. For a New York City beach, it's alright. It's accessible using the MTA buses. Only took me friends and I 30 minutes by car from Queens. Water looks dirty and I only went as far as my ankles-deep. Swim at your own discretion. This beach is good for laying out, throwing a frisbee or football around.
Only beach I've ever been to where I saw a girl in a thong with pimples on her butt. That image is burned in my head forever. It's something I'll never be able to un-see. The end.
Located in pelham bay park in da bronx,this place is great for being lazy and or exploring. The white sandy beach is about a mile long with a few quiet areas for you ro relax.                                                                                                                                    There is also a nature center open on weekends only and they offer free programs such as seal watching,and canoeing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      It gets crowded on weekends and during july and august so to beat the crowds i suggest expolring and walk the nature trails. There are beautiful views  of  mossy/rocky shoreline and sailboats to keep you calm
Maybe it was less crowded here than usual last Saturday because of the threatening thunder and lightning storms (that never came, by the way). Still, I think that this beach has been underrated by most of its reviewers! An incredible journey to the end of the local 6 train line brought us to Pelham Bay Park. So quiet there, and the nearby arboreal Hutchinson Parkway evoked feelings of being on the edge of the countryside (which New England is, in comparison to New York City, at least). We wanted to catch the Bx5 express bus to Orchard Beach, but the Bx12 arrived earlier, and was essentially the same thing, and there was only one other person on it at noon. The bus took us RIGHT THERE to a beautiful park that opened up to the crescent shore mirrored by an ampitheatre structure that was a home to vendors of butt-font shorts with "Orchard Beach" printed on them, assorted swimwear, and concessions. One cool thing to know about this beach is that it was artificially engineered in 1936: lehman.edu/vpadvance/art… Therefore, it has more of the aspect of a pond or lake, and the waters were super calm. I have no idea how clean or dirty the water is scientifically, but when a plastic bag blew into the water, rowdy swimmers toyed with it only briefly before placing it in one of the numerous yet inoffensive (because they were spotless and empty) wastebaskets peppering the beach. At one point, a cleaning crew also came by, spearing the last few bits of detail on the beach with looks of grim satisfaction on their faces. Young, cheerful lifeguards in bright orange clothing sat three to a chair, making sure everyone was safe...so the only scary and disruptive thing about this beach might have been the hungry seagulls constantly on the prowl, but mindful packaging of our food kept them at bay. People, don't feed gulls...don't even throw your trash at them; they will be encouraged!!! Yeah, a few groups were loud - cussing, laughing, flirting, whatever...but  where aren't there these sorts of groups? On the whole, this beach was very quiet, and anyway, no one bothered anyone else. There was some "naco" music, but I liked it. I felt like I was in a totally different land, actually. A great and accessible escape from the concrete jungle.
I read all reviews and appreciated all preception of the beach. How do you think the working-class of The Bronx feels to have to endure all the filth and dirty water of this beach when 95% of my tax dollars supports most of Manhattan needs.  I thought this beach was run by The City of New York Parks Department.  How obviously absurd that all of your observations are on point.  Even if it hurts!  Thanks for your views.
Orchard Beach is my last resort for beaches in NY. The water is filthy, but it is always cold. I would advise you to bring your own beer or alcoholic drinks because they are very over priced. This year there is a lot of police officers patrolling but as long as your have it in a cooler not in plain sight they dont bother you. I would advise you not to go inside the water bare foot because one you dont know what you are stepping on and two the sand is very very hot always. There is public transportation to going and coming. You can take the bus from pelham bay park ..but it gets very crowded. So I suggest you leave your house early and leave the beach before 6 or 7 if you are taking public transportation.
Welcome to Orchard Beach- Its bountiful crescent shaped bosom encompases some of the most exciting scenery on the Long Island Sound. Many people hanging out on the grass near the beach, many with deep tans and bikes and red, white and green flags Music of all types A very big parking lot and.... many people peeping at Section 1.... the NUDE BEACH YES- tthere is a NUDE BEACH in the Bronx, and Im not talking about a body lying in a sandbar on the Harlem River- This is just like  Antigua- only a much higher Peeping Tom:Breast   ratio
This place is unfortunately more than a little bit run down.  The beach is vast, which just invites huge crowds. The parking lot is a detractor... seems like a square mile of asphalt.  I wish they'd plant some trees in there to break it up a bit... or something!  Should have put a train station right by here to encourage people getting out to the beach...
I saw a lot of bad reviews about this beach...but decided to try it for myself at least once...so I go on one of the hottest days this spring...fairly easy to find, I drove with my bf, so unsure about any train/bus stops. There is a huge parking lot, and along the path to the "beach" there are little grills and picnic tables, I am sure you need to get there early in order to grab one. So there are bathrooms, sort of close to the concession stands. The sand is very hot, although white sand looks nice... There are 5 sections, sorry did not make my way to the "nude" section lol. Pretty crowded toward the last couple of sections, tennis/handball/basketball courts pretty empty, guess it was just too hot! Water was um...well its water. BUT, you do notice a filthy top layer, I hope it was just from tanning lotion/sunblock...but I guess I'll never know! LOL Water was cold, of course I had to put my feet in, and I wouldnt advise going barefoot... So yeah, this isnt Miami beach, but what do you want from a NYC beach? If its hot, and you wanna swim, go for it!
I've been to many beaches all over the USA but orchard holds a special place in my heart. I've been going there since I was a young boy with my family. Now that I'm older I'm happy to continue the tradition of bringing my family here. It has gotten better with age I must say. The heavy police presence is very much appreciated cause i can recall back when It was chaos in there going home and whatnot. I've always gone to orchard to BBQ and the grass has never looked better. Only thing I'll  complain about is they removed the majority of the grilles from the picnic area and that sucks. Oh and the bathrooms are far away Lol but all in all I love orchard beach. Bronx born and raised just like me.
It's a decent beach for New York City. However, there are much better beaches in Long Island, Brooklyn, etc. I would recommend you go if you just want a nice tan and are near the Bronx. I wouldn't recommend getting into the water. It doesn't look as clean as it should be.
Orchard Beach...aka Chocha beach! While it can be said that during the summer there are many raunchy people in attendance at the beach, for those who mind, then it matters. Personally, I love this beach! If you are not a scum bag loser whore or s.o.b maybe you will actually all that the beach offers. For those of you out there that are active, mindful of their physical fitness and/or love playing different sports Orchard Beach is the place for you. If you run the boardwalk twice you just ran a 5k. Funny enough no one ever talks about the trails. Bring your mountain bike and you will definitely be up for a challenge...great trails...leading you by Pelham/ border of New Rochelle. The bike/ pedestrian paths are fun...meaning there aren't many straight aways..lots of turns and hills for the challenge and adventure. If you are coming from Pelham Bay Park the run/ ride is excellent...roundtrip it and you would have ran at least 6 miles. You can find bunnies galore hopping away, you will catch a glimpse of the occasional fox. Bird watches will have so much fun, especially in the trails. So for those of you who all you can think about is showing off your ugly slob bodies and then try to compete with other slobs at the beach, meanwhile soaking up all that skin cancer yet leave the garbage behind in the sand because of course you're a slob and all you can ever think about is your next meal or yourself...the same person who then leaves my beach dirty and has the nerves to talk about it and criticize it...stay your a$$ out of my beautiful beach. We really don't want you there any way! This beach belongs to the good people of NYC who are trying to make a difference and promote a healthy lifestyle for themselves and their families. Thank you to all my Orchard Beach goers and for the hard working employees who care and pick up the garbage that the filthy people have left behind. Thank you for the Sunday concerts at the beach, thank you for the car shows and marathons you have held there. I truly appreciate Orchard Beach and I'm sure you will too. So please visit, bring your running shoes, your bike, your tennis rackets, your paddle ball rackets, your inline skates, your basketball, your volleyball, your handball, your kids, your bathing suit, your beach chairs, your family bbq, your music and have fun!!!
It's a freaking fun beach! if you want to go to a beach to get your tan on, be surrounding by prissy white folks drinking fancy cocktails, this is not the place for u, you should go to the hamptons or jersey i suspect. this is a latino beach if ive ever seen one, with bachata, salsa, etc. playing on stereos, kids playing ball, people sleeping, trying to drink beer w/o getting caught, etc. like i said, this is a fun beach for a latin crowd, or latin loving crowd. it's crowded sure, but again, if you're into a siesta type of environment, this beach fits the bill! i will be back! :)
Orchard beach Section # 5 very good food stand guy cleans the grill very well only seasoning their line of people shish kebab shish Phil cheesesteak Sandwich is great it was worth the wait online
The last time I went here, the Latin Kings gang was out in full force. How do I know they were the Latin Kings? From the black and yellow Latin Kings football jerseys of course! Crazy stuff.
This beach is pretty sketchy.  It might be ok if all you want is to lay on some sand and get some rays but the water is just nasty.   Once I found what looked like an altar set up with offerings.  There were fruits piled up on a rock and some floating in the water.  I guess that's better than the sacrificed chicken I found on the 125th station tracks on the 1.  So if its any consolation, some vegetarians worship their gods at Orchard Beach.
I agree this beach is underrated. Great surprise and nice get-away, close to home. Nice crowd. I'll be there regularly, especially when I don't want to drive a long way to the beach!
Last time I went there I saw floating condoms in the water and dead fish.. Yuck, thanks but no thanks :|
Nice spot to relax not so sure about swimming there, but great for relaxing, people watching,and  playing sports.
this place is disgusting..actually it's worst than that..it's DREADFUL!! I haven't been here for a long time, but I guarantee that it hasn't changed. Every time someone mentions this place, I automatically think of a junkyard. If I were you, I would avoid going to this beach. Go somewhere else. I remember when I was younger and a stingray watched up the beach...me and my friends just kept poking it. Best highlight of a day at this beach. Seriously, do not go. The sand is dangerous and it is not safe for kids either.
I love Orchard beach.  The area is beautiful and the beach is so interesting.   It is not a natural beach.   It was built by Moses.   All the sand was brought in and the highways to the beach were built to get you there;   i go during the summer two times a week. I walk the length of the boardwalk two times;(not wood but cement).   You get the bay on one side and beautiful green wooded area on the other.   There are lots of trails in the woods. (BRING BUG SPRAY IF YOU WALK IN THE WOODS). I bring my own chair and after walking will sit under a tree and read my book.  (this year my Surface Pad). The people I meet every year are the salt of the earth.  Friendly and interesting. If your looking for a true New York experience with the people (la gente) this is it. There is no pretentions here.  If you want to take your shirt off  wear a scant swim suit you will never feel out of place here.   Bodies and looks are not the goal.   This is not the Hamptons or fire Island.   Just people enjoying the beach. I find the water a little dirty  similar to Coney Island.  The water is  cool on hot humid days.     Food stands are the major lack here.   Either bring your food or your going to eat typical grease food.  Sometimes we do need that  but I only get drinks and cold stuff. Remember if your a senior you can get a discount parking but you need to bring your car registration.
If you've been to any beaches outside of NYC you know that Orchard Beach is no Tahiti. But I happen to be a fan of this place when I have a few hours on a sunny summer afternoon to kill and am in dire need of a tan. It looks like it's really hard to get to by train, because I always see people walking along this looong windy road to get there from the bus stop. By car, it's not so bad. If you take 95 North it's not too far from the city. Parking was $6 for the day last summer. Like I said, don't expect any white sand beach or crystal blue water. To be honest, I've never stepped foot in the water or have even dared to walk the beach without sandals on - and I don't ever intend to. But throw a towel down, strip down to your bathing suit and lay out for a few hours of free UV cancer-ridden rays.
Love it here.  I come during the week when the boss is not here or I have some vacation days.  It is quite relaxing.  The beach itself sand and boardwalk are clean. The water well I dont go in it.  If I am hot I take a walk to the showers on the boardwalk.  The weekends are crowded but the atmosphere is fun.  It is the Bronx like someone else said. I live 15 minutes away and it is perfect to tan and relax.
Tucked away in the northeast corner of the Bronx is a small beach. The pros: Conveniently located. Accessible by public transportation (bus) Cheap: Free if travelling by bus $8 on weekends $6 weekdays Nice salsa music on the boardwalk (if you like that) Cons: The water looks disgusting. It is a bay, so not much circulation. I could see grease (from suntan lotion, who knows?) floating on top of the water. If you don't plan on getting in the water it's not a bad spot. Otherwise, suck it up and head to Jones beach.
Great from party, sun tanning , listening to music by live band and just taking a walk on the beach.
New sand this year!  It's a decent beach, not necessarily for the youngsters, but definitely OK for adults.  I don't know why everyone here is complaining about how ghetto and dangerous it is here.  The beach has it's own NYPD and Parks Enforcement precincts to patrol the beach, boardwalk, and picnic grounds. If you're complaining about vegetable sacrifices, seriously get outta here, this is New York buddy.  The beach is very clean when it opens, Parks has an army of employees and machines out there every morning when the sun comes up to clean the whole park.  As the day wears on, your fellow beach goers use the sand as their personal Fresh Kills Landfill, even though trash cans are plentiful. Definitely lock your cars and take your valuables, there's occasionally broken window glass in the parking field, but again, this is NY, use common sense people! The picnic grounds are also nice, but get there by 9am weekends to snag a table! Overall, a decent beach with nice meadows and a GREAT hiking trail.  Stop by the nature center in section 2 for maps and see the live animals on display.  I'd recommend the beach for tanning and people watching, not so much swimming.  Tons of courts (tennis, handball, basketball) with street teams playing all day weekends, and 2 playgrounds.  Give it a shot!
Meh. I've experienced better. End of summary about this beach.
Born and raised here in the Bronx and still consider this beach as a last resort. Its nice going there on a weekday when there's less crowds. Orchard Beach is not really a beach, its too rocky and the tide comes in really fast, forcing you to head to the grassy parts. For me I love the music and it makes you want to dance instead of heading into the cold milky water. I'll taking my little girl there one day on a weekday. Its not that bad.
Its a beach in the Bronx so just keep that in mind.  I bring my 2 young children there all the time.  They love it the water is so calm.  It also has a really good playground for the kids.  Its true it does get crowded on summer weekends, but weekdays are great and also early in the am on weekends is really good.
Chocha beach! The word beach brings to mind white sands, clean water, and beautiful women; at orchard you get the exact opposite. Its so bad that you can smell the foul water from the boardwalk, the Bx 12 that takes takes swimmers to and from ABSOLUTELY REEKS and the place is packed on weekends i'm talkin shoulder to shoulder like sardines.If possible go to Rockaway or Jones
the beach is clean for my standards water is warm in july when i went  definitely a good beach for kids and families because there is really no current or waves so  its safe for children to be in there and not get sucked in by the rip tide also if you are interested in seeing gorgeous men with beautiful tan skin or sexy ladies with fat asses this is definitely your beach its called little puerto rico  on some of the shirts they sell also a lot of people drink on this beach just keep it in your cooler if you do that sorta thing definitely convenient the parking is so reasonable and always will find a spot ill be back
Place should be shut down as a health hazard.  where I live people worry about swimming in the Hudson River because of PCB's and leakage from sewage treatment plants. At Orchard Beach, it's sewage in the water, garbage, clothes, broken glass - everywhere.  Can't believe this place can be open at all for human use, animals maybe.
