I got married here. Now, I don't have much to compare the experience to since this is my only marriage thus far (give it a couple months, I can tell she's already getting sick of me), but we couldn't have been happier with the venue itself. First and foremost, it is absolutely unique. I'm not talking unique as in it's like a lot of other wedding halls, only their wallpaper was designed just for them. I'm talking unique as in EVERY INCH of this place is covered in original artwork; it is almost overwhelmingly vibrant, somewhat magical, and full of surprises. This is a place that people visit for its own merits, not just when someone in their family decides to drag everyone to Rochester to witness their nuptials. Also, I can pretty much guarantee that it's the only wedding venue around that will feature a sculpture of a naked woman riding a bear.* That last part might make you a bit hesitant, and to be sure, in a massive, high-ceilinged warehouse filled with mostly modern art, there are going to be a few things you might not like. If your Great-Aunt Mabel has a weak heart and is easily shocked by nudity and gigantic animal sculptures, perhaps Artisan Works is not for you.** If you do decide Artisan Works is your spot though, I can report that the staff is excellent. We had a few snags (as I'm sure all weddings do), but overall Victoria and her team are pleasant to work with, and quite competent. (We weren't enamored with the in-house caterer, but that's a personal choice you'll have to make.) Weddings are tough. You have to make a lot of decisions, and that's annoying even without your future bride insisting that everyone one of them matters. The venue is one of those decisions that ACTUALLY matters though, and if, like me, your main concern is that your guests have a good time...it's nice to pick a place that gives them something else to look at when they get bored with you. Also, booze. You should give them booze. ______________ *It's entirely possible that this was the deciding factor when we chose this place over a nearby winery. **Then again, Mabel's always been kind of a bitch, and maybe you don't want to invite her teetotaling ass to the party anyway.
Came here for the first time this weekend for the aerial arts showcase and had some time to wander around after. I must say, this place is like a dream come true for a someone with ADHD so much to look at, it was amazing. I didn't get to see the whole place, I can imagine that taking a really long time. It was almost too much, I feel like one would have to have multiple visits to actually see it all. I think my favorite room was the upstairs of the firemans room. It's like a combo of bachelor pad and firehouse, so awesome. I really loved the eclectic nature of this place, it reminded me of an eccentric grandmothers attic in a way. I really liked the fact that it was like a maze, and you could really just lose yourself. If highly recommend giving yourself a full day if you're going to come here. It was also really nice that local art is the main draw here, I was unaware of how exactly much talent we had in our city. This would definitely be a great place to take out of towners. I can't wait to come back.
Came here for a dinner event and had a great time! We had a little mingle time before dinner started and there was a small area prepared with light fare and a bar with wine and beer. It was almost difficult to carry a conversation because I kept getting distracted with all the cool things to see in just that dining space. We also got a tour before dinner started and it's definitely not your usual art gallery. Don't expect it to be anything like the Getty. It's almost a bit hectic, but obviously, there's logic behind the madness! I felt like I needed about 10 more pairs of eyes to fully look at everything. I spied a fire pole and wondered if we could actually slide down one, but I checked and you can't lol :) I also liked to hear that they support local artists! Great place to explore and spend some time. There was a venue space by the wooden pencil sharpener sculpture that looked nice if you want something different from the usual venue scenery.
Artisan Works took a few minutes of getting used to (had NO IDEA what kind of place it was), but then I was loving everything about it. There is fun art everywhere and even little nooks where you can sit and take in the surroundings. Certainly a quirky spot where you can spend hours wandering and taking in all of the art installations. I attended a wedding here and had a great time. The staff was excellent and it was a great venue to host any sort of gathering.
Artisan Works is one of the most unique art gallery/ museum I've visited. I love going there b/c I get inspired by all the paintings, artwork displays from various artists. It's full of life and takes me back in time. I can spend hours there and not know how much time has passed. Thank you AW for the inspiration!
Unique, eclectic.gallery space with extremely creative artifact displays.  The vast space has great flow, an artwork sensory overload at every turn. We had opportunity to chat with several artists working on-site in their studio space. The artist interaction made the gallery visit even more interesting.     The most unusual gallery space that I've ever visited.  Great fun for all ages.  Definitely worth repeat visits.
Artisanworks wins my vote for most unique and inspiring museum in Rochester. It's really a remarkable place that you can go to again and again and still notice new things every time. Artwork fills the mammoth building from the floors to the ceilings in an awe-inspiring trip that is sure to entertain and dazzle all visitors, especially the first time. Note that the hours are limited - only open on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The concept of artwork being created and shown at Artisanworks is something I love and being privy to some of the work rooms and studios of local artists is an interesting treat. I adore the theme rooms there - the movie theater, Marilyn Monroe tribute room, Fireman's tribute room, beer collector's room, Frank Lloyd Wright room - all of it is planned with stunning attention to detail. The exhibits are put together with just the right amount of comic relief, creativity and polish. You have to have an eccentric sense of humor to "get" some of them, but that makes the place all the more unique. I never feel rushed at Artisanworks. I can spent anywhere from an hour to three hours there, just hanging out and enjoying being a part of the creative process. I've even taken a notebook in there and sat in one of the rooms to get some inspiration myself. It's never felt weird, strange or unwelcome. It's really the perfect place for artistic inspiration. I've subtracted a star simply because the place has taken a hit over the past few years - the hours have condensed and they've closed the most awesome part of it -- the upstairs exhibits and outdoor patio!! Those were the best parts of Artisanworks in the past, and it's a real shame that they are no more. The staff tell me that this is due to regulations set forth by the city and this is disappointing to me. Locals and visitors should support artistic endeavors like Artisanworks. While the place seems to thrive mostly on hosting events and its private donors, it would be nice to see the museum be more accessible to the general public with expanded hours and utilization of all its space. For this, the place needs you. Visit!
In the interest of full disclosure, we are patrons at Artisan Works and have been for years ever since we attended one of their annual auctions they use to raise money for worthy events like arts education in the community. Having said that, I've bought several paintings and a few pieces of sculpture from Louis over the years.  He's a delight to deal with and a fantastic used car salesman - can you guess that Louis used to sell real estate?  But he's entertaining and offers the best prices on art from area artists that you'll find in any gallery.  Don't be afraid to bargain.  The prices on any piece are for the suckers in NY City.  Join as a member and the prices go down . . . But Artisan Works is unique as both an art gallery and an event space.  I've enjoyed them as both.  Even though the # of new additions to his art collection have diminished as the venue becomes a premier destination in town for parties and wedding receptions, there's still always something new to see.  And if you've ever been to Artisan Works for an event, you'll know that there is no place in town that is better for hosting an event as the venue becomes part of the attraction.  I've booked one event at Artisan Works and attended almost a dozen others there as a guest.  I can't say enough about Victoria, Kim, and all of the others there that keep this place humming as well.  This is what makes Rochester the wonderful place it is to live.  I just wish they were open 7 days a week like they used to be.
Holy Artwork Batman! This is an amazing space. I came here for an event and was amazed by everything. The most amazing thing, as it should be, is the art. The art is displayed everywhere, not just the walls. The other cool thing is that everything is for sale. You find a inlaid wood harley-davidson calling your name? You can buy it! The space is also used for studio space and living space for up to 6 artists at a time. Awesome! We enjoyed a beautiful happy hour on the roof top deck which was also covered in art. If you find yourself in Rochester, you must seek this place out!
The Elizabeth Collection is a fantastic concept! Tons of art by anyone from local starving artists to famous greats hang on every surface, in every nook and cranny of this ginormous warehouse-turned-gallery. Every type of composition that you can think of has a place here. It can be a bit overwhelming at times, but there is so much here, you're destined to find something you love. My favorite moment was the first time I went, walked around the corner, and BAM, in the middle of a cluttered wall, at chest-level, was an original Salvador Dali. I could reach out and touch it! (Big no no...) So, if you're into art at all (whether you're a buff or complete novice) you should check it out. It's a lot of fun and proceeds to to local artists. Also, please note that this is located at Artisan Works. Here, you can find studios and see works in progress from local artists. There is also a movie room that screens various films, and a Frank Lloyd Wright room designed using Wright's architectural and artistic styles. The room is full of hundreds of books about Wright, and there are boxes and boxes of slides you can view through the slide projector. Check it out with friends or family. And if you ever plan events, check out the various event spaces (including the awesome rooftop garden)!
I've been to artisan works a couple of times and took a friend for the first time about a month ago. They have art covering the wall and the ceiling. All of the art is unique and is not something that you normally see at an art gallery. The floor is brick so you have to make sure that you wear comfortable shoes. Some of the areas are block off and you can't go into room because parties are booked during open times. My friend really enjoyed it but she said it was a bit overwhelming.
It seems like most of the reviews of Artisan Works are as an art gallery, without anyone really addressing the event hosting aspects (other than mentioning that such a service exists). So I'll briefly corroborate what everyone has said here and say that Artisan Works is an amazing gallery with no more than a few inches of open wall space in any given area. The place is absolutely covered in awesome art and everyone should check it out. What I really want to comment on is how Artisan Works stacks up as an event space. My wife and I choose Artisan Works to hold our wedding reception in July of 2010.  I won't talk too much about price (it would feel a little uncouth, plus I don't know how their pricing plan may have changed in the year and a half since we booked the space). I will say that while AW was definitely the most expensive venue we looked at, we were immediately hooked and I believe we got a good value for the price. First, their event planning staff is extremely friendly and available. The turn around time on emails was never more than a day or two, and once we got closer to the event we were able to call them anytime and get a call back within a couple of hours. In terms of face-to-face, we got a free tour of the facility which highlighted the rooms that were potentially a good fit for our event which culminated in a sit down meeting about food and pricing options... on the freaking roof. A month or so before the event we had another face-to-face to iron out the final details. One great thing about choosing AW as a venue is that they take care of a lot of the hassle. They provide bar and wait staff and have a food vendor you can use (but you can choose to use another vendor without an additional charge). They also provide all the table and linen rentals and some sound equipment should you want a DJ. Any event also comes with the option of hosted tours for your guests. As far as the rooms themselves, there are a lot of options depending on the size and nature of your event. We used Vertigo Heights. It's a Hithcock themed room that comfortably fit the dance floor, seating, and food for us and 100 guests. We did not, but there was also the option of having the ceremony itself in the room as well. To summarize... Cons: Though it was a good value, it was a bit pricey. If you want to hold your event on the roof you have to reserve that space and another room in case of bad weather, so you basically end up paying extra on a gamble. The decorations on the roof were nice, but the view of the surrounding area is very underwhelming. Pros: Very low hassle for us. No need to worry about decorations. Good food. Helpful and flexible staff (they were able to rearrange the table layout for us 20 minutes before everyone arrived). One-of-a-kind event experience. If you hire a photographer all your pictures will be AMAZING. I may be biased, but I have never been to a reception more awesome than ours. Any that I've seen on tv (my wife watches TLC... What can you do?) cost at least 3 times as much. You get a great value for what you spend. If you can afford the cost, I recommend using Artisan Works 100%. I challenge anyone to find a more interesting venue with a friendlier staff anywhere in the area. As a final note, you must be a member at AW in order to reserve a space. If you aren't, the most basic membership cost is built in to your deposit.
I've been to Artisan Works once when I was doing a presentation on Frank Lloyd Wright and I had heard about the room they had with recreations of some of his furniture. I checked the website, got the hours and headed out. After I found the place I walked up to what looked like an entrance and tried the door, it was locked despite it being a time when the website said it was supposed to be open. I started to walk away discouraged when I heard the door behind me open and this nice elderly man asked me what I wanted. I said I wanted to go in and he told me they were closed and the website hadn't been updated yet. I told him about wanting to see the Wright room and why and he did a check to see no one was looking and then said "Follow me but be quiet". This guy became my favorite person in the world, he led me straight to the Wright room and let me take some pictures. As I'm going around the room he was talking about Wright and his works, more great stuff for my presentation. That guy was great and the Wright room is certainly worth a look if you can't get to Buffalo to see the Darwin Martin House. I've always wanted to go back and check out the rest of the warehouse, what I passed looked really great.
What an amazing art space. There are some really amazing artists displaying their work here. This is not your typical art gallery though. Every inch of this 50,000 square foot facility is packed with unique art. You could spend days in here and not take everything in. There are many nooks and crannies to explore. This would be an amazing place to have an event. I was joking that if I went to U of R I should do my dissertation defense in the Warhol room just for a change of pace. There is even a top floor to observe from. There are perfect spaces for any type of reception. When we were there they were setting up for a wedding and it looked great. $12 adults, $8 students and seniors.
Oh my goodness!! This space is absolutely amazing -- a true gem in an unexpected location. Two of my very good friends recently were married and wanted to celebrate their union with friends and family...they chose this space and it was absolutely perfect.  Covered in art from floor to ceiling, Artisan works is awe-inspiring and magical.  Each room has its own theme and all of the pieces are unique and interesting.  The concept of Artisan Works is what sets it apart -- it's an art gallery, a museum, a work space, a non-profit organization. Artisan Works is the type of venue that is basically indescribable, you just have to see it for yourself.  Regardless of your taste in art, there's really something for everyone (sculptural, film, music, mixed media, photography, etc.) and everything is for sale.
Artisan Works does not classify itself as a museum, but it should...  I believe they may think of themselves as a gallery and event space, but Artisan Works is up there with some of the best art museums I've ever been to.  Mass Moca in the Berkshires has nothing on Artisan Works! I can only mimic what others have said in their reviews in terms of the size, intensity and expanse of the artwork at Artisan Works.  It's like walking into a painting, as you are surrounded on all sides, including floor and ceiling by color and art.  It's like a living magic eye painting or where's waldo book...there are thousands upon thousands of objects to admire in the enormous warehouse space.  Everything from run of the mill landscapes and still life paintings to ghoulish photography experiments and metal mobiles.   My favorite installation was a real dentist office from the 1960s that had been bought and moved piece by piece, including ceiling tiles, and reconstructed within the warehouse.  There were pamphlets on the dangers of smoking marijuana from the 60's thrown in for good measure.  There were vintage crowns, dentures, and partials on display in a glass case, and an old sea foam green dentist's chair that looked like torture equipment.  The proprietor of the installation combined the dentist's office with unsettling photos of naked men and women, wearing animal masks, participating in various sex acts.  Now that is my kind of art! Don't forget to take a trip up to the beautiful roof top garden.  There is a talking tree in the lobby.  I think it costs $10 to get in, well worth the price as it takes all day to fully explore the space.
GEM of wedding venues. I was married there this past September and the food was amazing, the service was top notch, and my guest LOVED the venue. I still am getting compliments on such a cool choice to hold our reception. It was so easy to plan a wedding there and the day of they took of EVERYTHING. I didn't have to worry about a thing and they truly made sure that my day was the best it could be. I have yet to have a bad experience there and really they knock any other place out of the park when it comes to putting on a party. I highly suggest this for anyone who needs to host an event.  Also I want to throw out there how cost effective they were to throw a big wedding reception. At the end of the day they were just a "cheap" as those wedding in a boxes reception halls. You will not regret hosting an event here.
You could spend hours wandering around this place and getting a look at all the wonderful, eccentric, and varied items on display. As a gallery, this place is a great find and a great asset for local artists, fans, and collectors alike. As an event venue, this place is hands down fabulous!!!! They did a wonderful job with my baby shower in the Vertigo Room, and they made the planning seamless and easy. The owner and the event staff are helpful, accommodating, and fun. I have a number of clients and friends who have had weddings and various other events there as well, and I have yet to hear any complaints!
WHOA this is definitely not your typical art gallery!  Not particularly being into art, the great reviews from fellow yelpers really made me want to visit.  There was a special event here, and admission was half price at $6, so I made the trip.   One visit doesn't do this place justice, and I have committed to myself to come back again.  Art is everywhere you look and Artisan Works takes the typical gallery and really spins it into an unique space that simply put needs to be visited.  It definitely won't be for everyone, for you might want to visit first before taking kids.  But it'll make you appreciate the limitless possibilities of one's imagination.   My favorite room was by far the firehouse, for I have a friend who is one.  Each room was a different adventure and you didn't know what was going on until you ventured in.  The room with the dentist's chair was surely a bit out there though.  There was also a room with a lot of Kodak items, and I enjoyed how it patronized the city of Rochester.  Finally I know that the human body is art, but boy there was quite a few naked bodies throughout the place!  Artisan Works is a great place to kill a rainy afternoon or to find that creative spark you may need.
The great thing about ArtisanWorks is that it requires more than one visit to see everything.  That is, unless you're the sort that can work your way through an entire museum in one stretch and manage to pick out every little detail...but I doubt it. When you enter, you're really able to go in one of two directions off the main hall.  One way takes you to the gift shop (actually, through it) and on to the newly restored firehouse and second floor (and rooftop garden).  The other way takes you through a maze (albeit navigable) of smaller themed rooms and larger galleries. The place is an old artillery factory, so it's gigantic.  This is not an understatement.  The size of the place lends to the magic of it, though, as the space has been well utilized.  Large pieces of art are framed by small pieces.  Sculpture hangs from the ceilings.  You have no idea what you're in for as you walk through various doorways on your first visit. Every time I go, it's a good time.  There is always something new that I didn't catch before, and that lends to the enjoyment.  It's the first museum I've been to where becoming a member was truly worth it.   I definitely recommend a membership, as it will save you money when you make your multiple visits.
We were members of Artisan Works and lived within walking distance.  It exists due to the vision and devotion of Louis Perticcone and it's one of the most unique, eclectic & fascinating museums anywhere.  Artisan Works is literally *filled* with objects (even hanging from the ceilings).  There are always new pieces of art & sculpture (we even donated two big artworks), some of which are very large.  It's an incredibly colorful place, plus there's a sculpture garden on the roof.  We also attended several fundraisers at Artisan Works and it's a great place for such events.
