Gear to Go Outfitters may be Google's number four search result for 'camping rental equipment new york', but they're the number one search result for my heart, and the hearts of my nine closest friends, and also 'camping rental equipment brooklyn'. Without Gear to Go Outfitters' help, our novice but optimistic crew of ten would have ventured into a completely different trip. We would have been without our cast iron sandwich baker, the cornerstone of any grilled cheese enthusiast's arsenal, and main provider of thoroughly enjoyed sustenance for the group. We would have labored through two days of gathering firewood if not for our trusty pink and orange children's fishing rods to relax and enjoy. And of course, we would have arrived shelterless and without sleeping pads to protect us from persistent tree root systems, ensuring the need for years and years of chiropractic tinkering. In other words, Gear to Go Outfitters enabled us to have an excellent weekend camping trip. They're kind, informative, and most importantly for me, forgiving of ignorance and bubbling with insight. These guys know what they're doing. PS. Keep a look out for Madeleine if you are in need of an emboldening smile before your journey into the wild.
I thoroughly enjoyed Gear to Go Outfitter's orienteering class and was impressed with the patient, thorough and fun approach to learning that Kevin and his assistant provided throughout this daylong event. Kevin really knows his stuff. But knowledge does not automatically make for a great teacher. Kevin is a great teacher because he imparts his knowledge in a clear, easy-going way that creates a relaxed learning environment. The class was well-organized, with plenty of room for questions and plenty of practice opportunities. Overall, a first-rate introduction to the topic. It's great to have a local business providing learning opportunities for being in the great outdoors safely and with the right information in hand. Look forward to more classes down the road! (And I agree with some of the other reviewers about how refreshing it is to have a camping/sporting goods shop without attitude--I've long since given up on Paragon due to the snark factor there. This is a most welcome resource!)
You won't find Patagonia here, but for a cause. Kevin and his staff take pride in the fear they stock and cater to a pretty serious hiking crowd. Lots of great Mammut and other tools you'll be hard pressed to find elsewhere. We did a night hike with Kevin up in the Hudson Highlands and had a solid trip. Will return for more trips and stop-ins for socks and more.
Great little store, packed with everything you need to survive and thrive in the wild! As a new arrival in New York, I wanted to get equipped and get information on the outdoors opportunities and highlights in the area. The owner, Kevin, is really friendly and helpful and gave me good advice on the key things I needed. They also run a 'trail taxi' service, taking groups to and from trailheads, and do organise hikes and trips, including to Greenland and Iceland! Definitely going to be a regular customer here - especially seeing as they have a really good membership programme, where 10% of your spend goes on your account as credit for future purchases - pretty good deal. Thanks guys!
Just came back from a Trail Taxi adventure with Gear to Go. We had a fantastic time--and what a great idea! Did a 9 mi loop in the Gunks and loved not having to worry about battling parking and New York traffic to and from the hike. The van was clean, the driver lovely and professional, and we even fit in a snooze on the way there AND back. Perfect way to spend the weekend, and well worth the money--we will definitely be back!
This place is first rate, and I am so excited to have a place to go in Brooklyn for camping gear where I know I'll get a good deal and fantastic service. What's awesome:  a), they're in Brooklyn, b) they're a small business and not a giant corporation, c) everyone working there is a licensed guide (and they offer trips), and d) they RENT out all kinds of gear at ridiculously reasonable prices (including ridiculously reasonable security deposits - move over EMS!) I've called the store twice with questions and received really friendly, helpful service. I stopped by tonight to get fitted for a backpack, inquire about a tent, and ask about a gazillion questions about sleeping pads, bags, stoves, cookware.  In short, it was one of the best shopping / customer service experiences I've ever had. Lou was awesome - attentive, patient, helpful, managing to help me and another customer while making us both feel welcome and attended to.  He went the extra mile to make absolutely sure my pack was the right size and fit for me, making adjustments as necessary and making sure it felt right to me with weight in, up and down steps, etc.  He wrote down everything so that next time I rent a pack from them, they'll know (and I will) exactly how to fine tune the pack for me.   He showed me every pocket and feature of the pack.  He gave me a demo on a Jetboil stove system and let me take it all apart and put it back together.  (and I'll likely be buying it because of being able to have that "run through.")  He let me test out several sleeping pads and explained their differences to me. I kept him busy for what had to be close to an HOUR, during which time he demonstrated, suggested, explained, and was incredibly friendly all the while.  He had excellent recommendations and ideas, and yet I never once felt like he was trying to "sell" me on stuff.  Nor did I ever feel rushed. No, they don't have an enormous selection of stuff, but I don't want to be overwhelmed by dozens of choices - I'd much prefer having a  few great options.  I felt really confident that the things they carry here are chosen because they are tried and true, excellent quality items and brands that you can trust.  The option to rent gear is really sweet too - I don't have the dough to buy everything I need for a trip and I don't do enough backpacking / camping to warrant buying all the gear. One more thing - I am so tired of staff who are more interested in their cell phone conversation / what they're looking at on the computer / their conversation with co-workers / than helping me.  I also feel that I've encountered a sort of "gear arrogance" from staff at other stores when I'm asking simple questions.   Not one of these things happened at GTG. Case in point:  "I've done a lot of research on tents and you carry one that I'm particularly interested in...I'd really love the chance to see it set up and take a look inside (I'm really tall) to make sure it would fit me and that it's what I want.  (REI does this for customers all the time - not an unreasonable request.) Guy at Paragon Sports:  "Are you going to buy it? Because we don't really do that unless you're going to buy it."     ?????  Um....I MIGHT buy it, but I'd prefer to set it up here so that i know for sure rather than buy it, take it home, set it up in my living and possibly having to end up returning it... Thank you, Gear To Go, for being fantastic, knowledgeable, friendly, reasonably priced, incredibly helpful, and passionate about the outdoors.  I will definitely be getting outdoors more often and more easily thanks to you.
Kevin was a great help.  Came to the store to purchase a YakTrax to go hiking.  Kevin recommended I get the microspikes, because these would have better footing.  Sure enough the microspikes worked wonderfully with snow, ice, and mud on the ground.
I came by Gear To Go Outfitters with my friend because we were looking to rent out crampons and microspikes for a daytrip to Slide Mountain. We met the owner Kevin and asked for some beginner tips. Kevin gave us some valuable hiking advice: what equipment we needed, the clothing we should wear, hiking trails, what to do in emergency situations, and more advice that was very beneficial for us. He also recommended we wouldn't need crampons or microspikes for this weather because there was too little snow on the ground. Our original plan was to walk 9 miles from the bus stop to Slide Mountain and Kevin recommended we should check out Breakneck instead. We did, and we had a great time! Kevin is very helpful and knowledgeable, and even discouraged us from renting his equipment because we wouldn't need it!
We were in Brooklyn for a day and needed to get backpack covers. REI was too far, so we decided to look for something closer. This is how we found Gear to go Outfitters. The man who served us (I guess the owner) was very nice, he gave us exactly what we need and showed us how it worked. He even answered all of our backpack questions.   The store has equipment for sale and for rent. and it has a pretty dissent selection of backpacks and camping / hiking accessories. We don't hike (yet) or camp , we are just using our backpacks to travel. But being in that store, just made me want to go hiking and to learn everything about it!
I haven't been to the store, but I did go hiking with Kevin, the owner of the shop, on one their hiking trips recently. It was awesome! At first, I didn't really know what I was getting into. The hike that we did was considered moderate, so I figured that we would just be walking uphill a lot. Well, we did that... and more. We went through the woods, climbed over fallen trees, scaled up a rock formation, and even crossed a little stream. It was a lot of fun and a bit of a work out. And here is something I never thought I'd ever include in a review about a hiking trip-- lunch! I kind of thought that we'd be eating PB& J sandwiches, but Kevin did tell us that there would be tri-color pasta with homemade pesto, sun-dried tomatoes, and shaved Parmesan cheese for lunch. Ok, cool, we get pre-made pasta salad for lunch. Wrong. This guy whips out a portable stove, a pot, and starts to boil water for the pasta. After mixing my pesto with the pasta, I declined the chopped sun-dried tomatoes, but I did want cheese, which I thought would come in a plastic container and I could shake it over my pasta. Wrong again. He starts to grate a block of real Parmesan cheese. So, lunch was a highlight of the day, plus we had an amazing view on top of a mountain. Can't beat that. Then we had tiramisu for dessert, which he made on top of the mountain, too, with lady fingers soaking in espresso and kaluha, and pudding in lieu of the mascarpone cheese. It was pretty good. Anyway, it was a fantastic day away from the city. The weather was perfect, the views were great, and Kevin was an amazing guide. Without him, I'd still be in the woods somewhere in Upstate NY and I wouldn't be able to write this review.
I LOVE GEAR TO GO OUTFITTERS! This past weekend was my first backpacking/camping trip I ever went on and boy, did I have the best time ever! Kevin, the owner and one of the guides, and Brent, who was another guide, made this trip so incredible! We were camping in the mountains in preparation for the Leonids Meteor Shower and even though we couldn't see the shower because of the rain and the overcast, I still had the best time ever! The food (that Kevin cooked himself) was delicious and seriously way more gourmet than I expected and I really had such a great camping experience. All the rental gear was included in the trip so I didn't have to worry about anything at all! Also, Kevin and Brent were extremely accommodating as guides (one leading the pack and the other closing the pack) and when I had trouble hiking in the rain, Brent lent me his trekking poles since I fell twice :(. I think in regards to the quality of the trip and the fact that meals and transportation and rental gear (which on this trip had to be roughly $200 worth) were all-inclusive, Kevin has such a fantastic rate! I can't wait to check out the Iceland trip (which according to both Kevin and Brent were their absolute favourite hiking trip ever) as well as the Storytelling hike in mid-December! I normally don't write many Yelp reviews but occasionally I'll experience something akin to what I did at Gear to Go and want to share what an exciting experience I had! I really wish I could give 10 stars!!! Thanks so much Kevin + Brent! :D
Went on a hike with Kevin and Asa (the team) yesterday to the shawangunks catskills. FANTASTIC trip. Everything was so well organized. There were an elderly couple with us, so Asa stayed with them in their place and Kevin took us ahead. They also modified the trip for them a bit so that they still got to see the most beautiful sights and not be a part of the more strenuous hike. The hike itself was spectacular. They managed to combine 2 different hikes in one. The food was great, complete with desert (yes, they do prepare fresh food at the summit). I will definitely join them for another hike!
Great spot near transportation, friendly, knowledgable staff, and professional and I didn't have to go across the bridge to get what I needed, This spot is great, prices are also reasonable. I bought a back pack for my son, water proof gloves, and out door sleeping bag, I'm a satisfied customer and you can get the items  you need right here in Brooklyn take the #2 train to Grand Army Plaza and walk through the new and improved Park Slope and bam you're there.  I am a Brooklyn nite born in Kings County Hospital and raised in Bushwick, and I hate that you have to go to Manhattan to find quality camping gear, no more online shipping and handling, but not any more, I love the convenience of shopping in Brooklyn  and the great customer service, come thru ask for Kevin he's great!
Friendly, knowledgeable staff, small but nice selection of merchandise.  Wide variety of guided trips available and it's great to be able to rent gear so you're not stuck storing stuff.  Day trips look like fun and not too arduous.  Dogs welcome!
Love not having to either go into Manhattan or online to get some high quality gear. I'm don't go hiking often so most of my trips here have been for things i can use here in the City. I've gotten some pants, a pair of gloves, a hat and a pair of shorts. the guys who work here are knowledgeable, hands-on and helpful.
Super store and super service. Kevin and his staff are very knowledgeable , professional and very friendly. Their merchandise is high end stuff and they have a big variety.  Kevin has built up a great business and a store like his is much needed in the neighborhood.
Great local business with extremely helpful staff. I went looking for recommendations for a new sleeping bag.  They walked me through different options and pointed me to a bag that was in my price range and was good for what I planned to use it for.   Helpful, friendly, smart and attentive to all the customers in the store.
Great addition to the neighborhood. Prices are MSRP, no mark up which is great and unusual for a small business in Park Slope. Needed a few things before a camping trip, even though the selection is limited, they had all of the items on my list. When you're hitting the woods, it's not about quantity, it's about quality. This store knows this. Can't wait to try out a guided trip.
Absolutely terrific!  I have been dealing with Kevin since his first years in this business, and I've been very impressed with his products, communication, honesty and professionalism.  He stands firmly behind his product and has earned the trust of myself and our family.  He's the real deal and sincerely as good as it gets.
I went on a guided hike with Kevin and Brent this past Sunday to Slide Mt.  I booked painlessly via email with my Google Offers coupon the week of the hike, and had a great time.  Since the other hikers were meeting us in Union Square and I was the only one who was planning on coming to the Park Slope store, Kevin came and picked me up from my apt himself at 7am.  Both guides were very personable, knowledgeable and friendly.  There were 5 hikers and three of us were a bit faster than the other two, so we broke into groups and met on the summit, where they gave us hot chocolate.  On the way down since we were moving faster we got to hike an extra 1.5mi.  The guides are the kind of people you'd want to spend a day hiking or an extended trip with.  I highly recommend them to anyone who's looking to go on a guided hike in the NY area.  I plan on booking with them again for an extended trip this summer.
