This quirky two-hour tour was hands-down the best time I've ever had in a museum. Nora, our guide, brought a real zest for art and a deep knowledge of art history as she gave us a tour of some of her favorite pieces in the Met. My only complaint is that it went by too fast! Highly recommend this for anyone new to the Met or anyone who thinks they've seen it all :)
I've been on two tours of The Met with Museum Hack and I've loved them both. The first was the VIP Nighttime Tour, which was really great. It's a bit longer, but the experience of being the last ones in The Met when it's all quiet was just amazing. The second tour was with two new guides and it was also great. As someone who usually finds museums overwhelming and a bit boring, this was a great, fast-paced experience full of fun!
After exploring New York I knew that I needed to try out a museum. Museum Hack was well worth the money and the most fun that I've had in a museum. Our tour guides told is a lot of interesting information, it was very interactive, fast paced, and fun. I can't think of the last time I laughed so much in a museum and got to be interactive. You get a Polaroid picture to take home at the end of your tour and there's nothing cooler than that. Come on old technology rocks! I won William the Hippo an unofficial mascot of the Met (eraser version of course).  The tour guides didn't get around to explaining or showing him during the tour, but took my husband as well as myself to where he was. It was very nice of them to not only explain about him, but take a picture of us with our William and the Met's William. I can't say enough good things about this tour! If you haven't done this yet you're missing out on a fantastic time.
Awesome! Definitely worth it! First off, this is my first Yelp review, but I felt obligated to write a review due to how great of a time my girlfriend and I had. I was skeptical at first. I'm 22, don't go to many museums, and get bored when I do go. But we were having a blast the whole time. The 2 hours flew by and I wish they had a longer tour. Ethan was awesome and very enthusiastic/fun, also very intuitive. I wish they had a Museum Hack everywhere! Do it, you won't regret it!
There's a reason why Museum Hack has 5-star ratings across the board: They know their biz and they're rocking at it. Note: This review is for the American Museum of Natural History tour and not for the Met. My friend and I decided to go, figuring, at the very least, it will be a fun two hours in a museum that we've both been to, but had not visited in a while. We arrived, met up with the group and our tour guides (Zak and Dustin) and off we went. As much as I'd love to give away some of the hilarious, amazing, and slightly disturbing facts we learned on the tour, I'd rather not and let others experience it for themselves. One of our guides said at the beginning of our tour: "We want you to leave loving this museum as much as we do." I can't even begin to tell you how true that statement was. I'm looking forward to and planning on attending another Museum Hack as soon as possible and would encourage others to do the same. Every step along the way is fun, informative, intelligent (and yes, still fun!), and worth every penny. Look forward to doing another one of these soon.
As a very seasoned New Yorker and someone who does social calendaring for a living in the city I was really blown away by this event. I've been to the Met easily a dozen times and I learned and saw things on this tour that I'd never ever ever seen, had pointed out to me, or noticed. Other reasons I recommend this tour: It's interactive and fun! The guides are clearly passionate about art and their curiosity makes what they have to share even that much more rewarding. The per person price is a real steal! Especially when you consider you get keepsakes and that you can offset it with the Met's pay-what-you-wish policy and get an interesting tour full of info that you would never get otherwise. The tour includes some very cool takeaways which I'm not going to spoil. And lastly, even after the tour you can stay in the museum and see all the usual wings and exhibits. Fun! Fun! Fun! I highly recommend it. Hats off to the people who came up with this idea and are doing a superb job pulling it off.
To put my love (or lack thereof) for museums into perspective, my last trip to a museum was nearly one year ago, when I spent 15 minutes checking out the MoMA's Munch exhibition and 2 hours checking out its wine collection at the Modern bar downstairs. Everything changed yesterday, however, after seeing the Met through the eyes of Museum Hack. Did I see all the "classics?" Probably not. But did I want to shoot myself in the eye and get the hell out of dodge 15 minutes after arriving? Nope. Not this time. From the "juicy gossip" (in the words of our guide) surrounding the Egyptian temples' arrival in New York (hint: it has something to do with wooing Jackie O!) to tales of seduction, I almost forgot I was at a museum. The two-hour tour flew by and, unlike any other tour of a museum to date, I didn't spend 90 minutes of it looking at my watch. Cannot recommend highly enough! Tip: Our group split midway through and switched guides. If there's a way to request a guide, go for Nick! He'll show you the good stuff while skipping over the rooms reminiscent of your great grandmother's attic.
I recently went on a tour of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and had an amazing time with this company's provided tour guide. She not only knew her stuff, but was also full of energy, had mini prepared activities along the way, and made the overall experience a BLAST! Thank you so much! I highly recommend this company!
Museum Hack is the most ideal for: -Clever, Spontaneous, and Social people -Interested in Art but NOT Interested in Being Bored -Looking to Brag About Something to Their Friends We were there for about 2 hours, which was precisely the right length of time. (Go pee before). Group size was about 6 people. We covered pieces of art or sculptures that had interesting backstories or were fascinatingly similar to our modern age. Think: beer and drugs and cannibalism! I was with my father, so don't think that this tour is necessarily "naughty." Rather, this tour felt like I was running through the Met with my super clever, super hilarious, and highly intelligent friend. Another woman pointed out that the tour does not cover the "big" pieces. This is to say, the pre-prescribed "important" pieces that everyone who goes to the met robotically attends to. This is true, we ran right past Van Gogh's Self Portrait. However, this did NOT detract from the experience at all. I learned and saw the artwork that I would have never thought to spend time with. I went to sections of the museum that I probably would not have visited. Not to mention--thanks to the confident energy of the tour guide--the whole group interacts with each other! The people walking next to you aren't stuffy strangers. Highly Recommend! "There is no such thing as a weird human being. It's just that some people require more understanding than others."--"Another Roadside Attraction, Tom Robbins
We took my friend here for her bachelorette party and she loved it! A nice alternative to the typical bachelorette party and the tour guides were great! Lewis and Jessye were knowledgeable and fun, making sure to keep more attention on our bride to be. 2 hours passed quickly and we had a great photographer too! A good idea for people who want to see some of the more unnoticed pieces in the museum and learn some neat information about them.
I've never been a museum person, so much as a museum gift shop person. But my experience touring the Met with Museum Hack changed that for me. Permanently. I didn't even know (or actually believe) that a museum could BE so much fun. If you're planning a trip to NYC, this had better be on your itinerary. If you live in NYC, then WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!! Get yourself a ticket. ASAP.
Let's face it - most people don't go to museum for fun. More often it is to say you did it. Museums are generally perceived as boring, monotone, but yet necessary to attend to make an impression of an educated, well-rounded person.  So you go to a museum and wonder a gallery after gallery. You click buttons on your audio guide for about an hour and then leave feeling frustrated as for why you didn't' learn anything from your tour. Sounds familiar? Then ,of course, most of us have that nerdy art friend, who loves to throw around fancy French terms and rolls her eyes every time you ask her what why this Pollock piece is considered art. The guys from Hack the Met are a combination of both, yet nothing like that.  They are like that fun nerdy friend you never had! They found a way to make a museum trips fun, engaging, and interactive. And if that was not enough, you will also learn a thing or two about the art world. I walked into a tour without having an idea what to expect and I LOVED IT. If you ask me- I would recommend coming in with an open mind and ready to have an adventure. By now they have had a good amount of publicity, so you can go and read about other people's experiences and exactly how their tour went. But why not just walk in and experience it for yourself and then build your own opinion? Every tour is unique. A lot of people come back to Hack the Met over and over again, because every time you will be with a new group, new art works, and possibly a new guide.  With that said - do read the email they send to you before you come in... They might give you some tips on what to bring and/or how to dress before you come. So.... Go sing up and have fun !
Five stars for customer service. Didn't have the experience that I wanted during my tour and the folks at museum hack were quick to acknowledge my concerns. Looking forward to trying it again!
Museum Hack tour of the MET was so much fun! Not only was my guide, Lia, super informative, she made the information accessible, was creative, and taught our group some really interesting back-stories about the museum and the art. This was the best way to see the MET and I can't wait to go back for another Museum Hack tour... its a different experience every time!!!
Traditionally I've been someone who tries to run through every room and wing of a museum, claim I've seen everything and then leave with a shallow appreciation of all the treasures within. The Museum Hack team changed all of that. They take on the role of story-teller as they guide you through a meticulously curated tour full of surprises and engagement. With bright personalities and armed with knowledge that only those dedicated to their craft can uncover, they will leave you with a new appreciation of Museums. You'll never go through galleries the same way again!
This is an experience for people who like fun. I've gone twice and it's always fun. Nick or whoever is your guide truly loves the museum and shows you the things you really need to see and the history behind them. They are extremely professional and surprisingly knowledgable for such a huge museum. If there's space on your NYC trip or if you are a local I highly recommend you going.
Nick and his Museum Hack crew put on an incredibly fun tour. The Met's collection is so vast that unless you're willing to spend a full day or more there, it's hard to see. But the Museum Hack crew shows the museum in a way is accessible, informative, and fun for everyone from Byzantine textile PhD's to your average Joe and everyone in between. Visitor or resident, go on it! It's like no other museum tour you've ever been on. The other people on your tour will be interesting and engaging. They will probably become your friends and you will likely want to grab a drink or meal with some of them after the tour. Or, they will invite you to the house party they were going to. This is just the way it is, and the type of environment Museum Hack creates. Go with it.
Engaging, energetic, informative and full of personality is how I can briefly sum up our tour. Our two guides were intelligent and overflowing with enthusiasm about the MET and its many rooms, objects and secrets in a way that was totally contagious. My excuse to get on one of these tours was a company team building trip, and it was a real delight to get out of the office and get to know my peers in such a rich cultural space with a fun twist. There were no drooping eyes or bored glances around in the group, which sometimes included a hanger-on or two who dropped in from time to time to glean some of our guides' wealth of knowledge. To echo other reviewers - this is not your average museum tour! We played some little games (and yeah, there were some prizes!), spoke candidly about what we were seeing and laughed at every stop we made - many of which I had never seen even though I've been to the MET a number of times myself. It was a fantastic opportunity and experience to learn more about the museum and its treasures than just reading little descriptive panels that only share the bare bones. I can totally see why families have enjoyed this tour, but for our corporate field trip (I mean, as corporate as our office of 10 people can get), this tour was great team building activity! It's got an adult's stamp of approval! It seems like the kind of tour that is more economic with a group, but would also make a fun date. They also offer a tour of the American Museum of Natural History, so it's safe to say that I'll be booking that for next time!
This tour was 100% awesome! I do enjoy museums but I've never had this much fun in one before. My boyfriend (who always gets bored in museums) and I had a blast and wished the tour had been longer. Our tour guide Ethan was very fun and enthusiastic and told us things about the art and the artists that we would have never known otherwise. Throughout the whole tour we were asked to participate in fun interactive challenges. I wish they had museum hack for all museums. I recommend this tour to anyone who's looking for some fun while seeing amazing pieces of art and learning the scandalous facts that surround them.
A tour with Museum Hack is  a wonderful experience. Our tour guide Lia was fantastic! It was fun, interactive and I learned very interesting tidbits about the museum and art. The tour was filled with high energy and very informative. It had been a long time since I visited the museum, and receiving a tour with Lia made the experience so much more enjoyable! I definitely suggest Museum Hack, you will have a great day!
Look, let's cut to the chase. There's a reason you're in New York. This city isn't easy. It's certainly not cheap. In fact, it will downright chew you up and spit you out if you let it. But whether you live here or you're just visiting, you're here because New York City is the greatest city in the world. And if you approach it just right, this city will afford you opportunities and experiences you simply cannot find, anywhere else in the world. Museum Hack is exactly the kind of unique and mind-expanding experience that you can only find in New York. You will see things you've never imagined before. You will laugh. You will learn. You'll walk out feeling like you just experienced something really special. Let's break things down a bit: THE GUIDES The guides are, by far, the biggest reason Museum Hack is so special. They bring to each and every tour an energy that makes you feel like you're in for a treat from the moment you encounter them. They're not just super friendly and upbeat-- they are legitimately excited to share everything about this museum with you. They truly understand all of the little details that make for a professionally crafted experience. When they show you a piece, they don't just describe what you're seeing. They tell you stories so rich with detail and imagery that part of you might be crazy enough to think that they actually witnessed the events they're describing with their own eyes. Also, they dress so damn snazzy. They made me want to toss out my entire wardrobe and start over. THE TOUR The tour itself moves at New York speed. In other words, wear comfortable shoes and try your best to keep up. There's no time to sit and contemplate individual pieces. No time to wander off. This is an intense, high-velocity revue of some of the most interesting parts of the museum. You will inevitably find yourself zipping past countless things you would otherwise stop and look at. Don't be surprised if you quickly find yourself wanting to come back to the museum many times to catch all the things you didn't have time to see on this go-around. And that's part of the plan. Museum Hack has a mission of getting folks excited about museums, and their lightning-fast tours are spot on at fostering exactly that. THE CROWD The people who attend these tours tend to be folks with open minds and smiling faces. You're not going to be hanging with some stodgy snooty art critics-- these are folks who are interested in new experiences, and they come with that mentality. Don't be surprised if you make some new friends along the way. EXTRA TOUCHES This isn't just a tour. When you convene with your group, you introduce yourselves. You get to know each other. You form a team. You might be asked to show off your super-power or make up a dance move. And the guides always have new tricks up their sleeves. At any moment, they might change things up and try something different. Every tour is unique! TIPS * Bring an open mind and expect others to do the same. Be ready to loosen up and have some fun! * Dress nicely, but wear comfortable shoes. Seriously, that uncomfortable pair of shoes might match better with your outfit, but you're going to have a thousand times more fun wearing sneakers that totally clash. This isn't a job interview; it's a good time. Make a fashion statement of it. Wear comfortable shoes and own it! * If you want to try out a slightly funkier look, this is probably a good time to take a chance. * Keep up with the tour. You'll be intensely tempted to stick around or stray, but you really don't want to lose the crowd. Trust me. * Eat a meal before you go. There aren't a lot of food options around the Met, so it's tough to grab a bite right before or after the tour. You'll have a far better time if you have a full belly and/or a snack to carry around with you! * Leave some free time in your schedule for after the tour ends. If an unexpected adventure emerges, you'll want to be ready to join it! The tour helped me fall back in love with New York City. It opened my mind to the many wonders of the world that a museum can expose you to. We all owe it to ourselves to have experiences like these from time to time.
I've taken a lot of NYC tours (museum tours, food tours, bridge tours, etc) and this is BY FAR the best one I've ever taken. Nick and Jen, my co-guides, showed me the Met like I'd never seen it before. The tour was quirky, surprising, and playful. They highlight only the coolest, most fun exhibits and you're swept through the museum in two hours, so you don't have to spend 6 hours getting lost (the Met is gargantuan) and missing the best stuff. There's never a dull moment. One minute, we're doing a group cheer. Another minute, we're sitting on the floor making sculptures out of Play-Doh. Another minute, we're doing the "Walk Like an Egyptian" pose and taking hilarious group photos. Another minute, we're doing improvisational comedy. Another minute, we're eating candy. Another minute, Nick and Jen are rounding up the group by playing a harmonica. Another minute, we're on the rooftop, looking at the breathtaking Manhattan skyline. Nick and Jen delighted our group with mysterious and entertaining back stories about the exhibits. So you don't just have a blast--you also learn something. They also challenge you by asking questions and making the tour interactive. They keep you engaged and encourage you to think about art in a refreshing way. The guides never break the museum's rules--only the museum's conventions. Forget those stuffy, boring tours that make you want to yawn. Do this tour and I promise you'll go home smiling.
As we were planning our first trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, I thought we might not have the best experience given we have little knowledge of art or what we should specifically check out. This led us to book a tour with Museum Hack. We paid $39 each plus the cost of admission to the museum, but for what we experienced it was well worth it. The tour lasted approximately two and a half hours and we learned some very interesting facts we definitely would not have learned otherwise. The tour group included three other couples and all of them lived in New York. I would be interested to know if we would see the same exhibits if we went on another tour with Museum Hack.
Oh my heavens! This tour was a blast! I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars because all of the art pieces covered in the tour were very insignificant (IMO). Chamber pots and dog beds and portraits painted with hair... they just aren't what I came to see at the museum--BUT the guides are wonderful art geeks and love everything about the museum and the art world and love researching these obscure items, and they make the experience wonderful, fun, and exhilarating. If this is your first time at the museum, you may want to wander around to your favorite exhibits/art works FIRST, so you get a chance to see them, then take the tour and realize that even the lesser art works have a fascinating history if one takes the time to do the research.
Nick taught me that rococo was a French idiom for "gold swirly shit." I took 6 semesters of French in college and never picked that up.
I went on a tour back in December and haven't stopped thinking about how much fun it was. Nick's museum tours are the BEST. Don't hesitate. Just pull the trigger and go -- you'll have a great time.
went over there last week. i liked it, but not enuf to go for a second time, because i'm not a big fan of this stuff.
Super fun. Mark is delightful. He knows how to engage and get people excited about art. His passion for the exquisite shines through. A great way to spend and evening or a weekend morning!
Must do!  Not your traditional museum tour--Museum Hack provides a one-of-a-kind tour for viewing and experiencing art at the Met.  The guides are extremely knowledgable and witty, pointing out overlooked pieces and providing insightful tidbits.  SO MUCH FUN!
The Met is probably the best museum in the world, and Nick's tours through MuseumHack are an amazing, hilarious romp through history. So much better than any official tour - I had a ton of fun.
A fascinating, fun tour of the Met that keeps you entertained. The team manage to strike just the right balance between in depth reviews of the exhibits, diversity and breadth across cultures and mediums, social interaction, history of the Met as an institution, and a little bit of fine wining and dining. Simply put, I would do it again!
Museum Hack is fantastic! My wife and I hacked the Metropolitan Museum of Art. It was an excellent 2 hour tour. I don't believe you can have more fun at a museum. The tour is interactive, informative and funny. I recommend this tour to anyone who is not well versed in the world of art. My wife and I wished there were multiple Museum Hack tours to take in the museum that would highlight different items. We would take those tours too!
Honestly, one of the BEST nights I have spent while living in NYC! Having already been entrenched in museums and the Met, I was willing to hand the job over to someone else to try to excite my art senses again. WOW, I really chose the right guys! They made the museum fun, new, and exciting again! Little known anecdotes peppered throughout the tour and tons of laughs were what made this a unique experience from your run of the mill museum tour. I plan on attending more Museum Hack tours -- hopefully these guys expand into other museums (which I would be all for!)
This was the best museum tour ever. I learned so much and laughed along the way. I had been to the Met before, but this was a whole new experience. I loved every minute and didn't realize how quickly time flew! It was the perfect way to spend my Sunday morning.
I set up part of my sister's bachelorette party to be a MuseumHack tour. We had the tour on a Saturday afternoon and there were about 8 of us. Our wonderful tour guides for the day were Jessye and Lewis. They were extremely fun, knowledgeable people. The tour itself was amazing and everyone had a great time. My sister is a serious art nerd, so she connected with Jessye and Lewis on a totally different level. It was quite a spectacle! She really had the best time. Hey, are you planning a bachelorette party? MuseumHack was awesome because -- 1) Scheduling with them was crazy easy. I had a point of contact that helped me with booking and payment. I was only required to put down a deposit to hold the date, but I was able to pay the rest of the amount due closer to the actual party, which gave me time to collect from the girls. 2) We were able to get a photographer through MuseumHack for an extremely reasonable price. 3) I was in touch with one of my tour guides (Jessye) weeks before the actual tour and told her about my sister and her interests. The tour was catered to my sisters art preferences and quirky humor. 4) Even though we had our tour on a Saturday afternoon in the summer, the crowds were there, but didn't get in the way of our tour. 5) There was a little something for everyone on this tour, even us folk who aren't extremely familiar with art. 6) We were able to get a wine pit stop during the tour. Alcohol before and during the tour was a great idea. 7) Our tour had a special guest! I won't reveal what happened exactly in case you're going on the tour, but it was beautiful and many of us later confessed that we almost cried. I definitely teared up. All in all, this was awesome, the best, and amazing. Worth the money, worth the couple hours, worth the memories. Thanks, Museum Hack! You all are terrific. (My sister was still raving about it the next day!)
My team was planning on doing something outside for our team building but the weather turned ugly the day before. I was stuck with nothing for us to do. The met tour guides need 2 weeks head up for a tour. So I called nick at museum hack and he was instantly ready to help us. From the very first call through the whole tour the team at museum hack made our experience great. They organize reservations for lunch, got our tickets and made the trip special. My team is made up of engineers and I was worried they wouldn't like a tour of an art museum but the tour Guide kate made it super fun with great stories and interesting twists on the tour. Overall awesome experience I would recommend to everyone. Thanks guys for the great time!
I thought I liked museums, until I went on this tour and realized how every museum before this was a complete snooze fest. They've set the bar really high and created a unique tour unlike anything you've ever been on. Michelle and Nick were simply amazing. They picked the most interesting tidbits and helped us weave through the museum to catch only the best of the best. They were funny, engaging, high-energy, and informative. And it's not just for young people. We brought our parents and they LOVED it. My step-mom, who grew up in NYC and has been to the Met 100+ times, said this was her favorite visit yet. I hope to go on many more tours with this crew!
Had a great time and I'm not a tour person. Great back stories and interesting info about artifacts I would've walked right on by. Definite yes!
