My boyfriend took me on a date. Yes He planned it!!!!!!! And it was amazing!!! The food was great and filling. The magicians all had different acts and were super friendly. Having a great time even writing this review!
The show was so amusing! Eric, the host magician, is a fabulous performer. And Rachel Wax is very witty! Food was filling and the dessert (cheese cake) pretty good.
Went to a show at Gossip Grill with my family as a treat for my little brother who loves magic. The second floor was reserved for the show and there was a crowd of all ages. The staff was so welcoming and responsive even through email when I wanted an additional ticket. The magicians were spectacular and I loved how each table got a specific magician between each course. Would highly recommend!
I took my girlfriend out to the show on valentines day, had an amazing time! Amazing tricks and great food I would highly recommend. The show was very entertaining and the magicians where very interactive with the people go attended. The food was surprisingly good for the price you pay and the cheese cake was the best cheese cake I ever had. Overall a great experience to have with a date or family.
Dinner and a show! Great time laughing and being entertained by talented magicians. In between salad, entree and dessert, magicians travel around the room to showcase their tricks at your table. What to expect: A lot of card tricks along with your tasty bar food. Our table's gripe: We got a feeling that magicians would purposely pass our table. Their body would be turned toward our table. They would look at our table. Pause to have a good look, then walk to another table. It wasn't as if it was a glance; they had a good look and then moved to another table. Overall, I would recommend Taste of Magic for a group or even a date.
I had an amazing evening at A Taste Of Magic. I came here for a date night with my boyfriend and we were beyond entertained. Our ticket included dinner and the show. I loved it for a few reasons: 1. It's so well timed. It opens with Kent introducing the evening and doing a few magic tricks. A magician comes to your table for up close entertainment- then the first course. The plates are cleared, Kent does  another trick, then a different magician comes to your table- then more food.  Seriously, what else could you ask for? Entertainment, then food, then repeat and repeat and repeat for the appetizer, main, dessert. 2. The magicians are GOOD. While there were some kids there- this is an all-ages show. I think I shrieked 'what?!? how'd you do that?!!' at least three dozen times. Not only are they good at their tricks, but they are very personable (introducing themselves, shaking your hand, and have funny stories to go along with their magic). I know there were more - but big thanks to Noah and Eli and Eric and Mark for being super awesome. 3. The food is tasty! They partnered with Gossip restaurant for the show I went to and while I didn't expect a 5-star meal, I was pleased with the food and more pleased with the 10-star entertainment 4. Unlike the other magic shows I've been to (where you are in an assigned seat and watch a show) - here you can have a really nice date night. Converse with who you're with between entertainers. You share a table with other people - and we were seated with two really nice guys (who were as entertained as us). 5. Huge value for your money. I'd be willing to pay double for what I got. A taste of magic- I'll definitely be recommending this to all my friends. 5 stars!
Last night I was invited by a friend to celebrate her birthday. There were 4 of us at our table and we had a hell of a good time! Great food, booz and good old fashioned "How'd you do that?" table magic right in front of our faces. Definitely thinking about doing this for my birthday in December. One other plus about this is that it ends at a decent time enough for you to go out enjoy the rest of NYC nightlife afterwards on a high note.
What a fun and awesome evening! So glad we decided to go!  Exciting, surprising, quality magic right at our table. Was a  perfect ladies night out, but  would also make a wonderful night out with the family or a date. I would highly recommend going if you love to be amazed.
The evening starts off with a menu, and you get to select from three different courses. I chose a Salad, a Burger, a New York Style Cheese Cake, and Coffee. The meals were brought out and each meal was delicious, and well prepared. My expectations from the show were moderate, I expected a relatively decent meal, and maybe a few card tricks and then to finish our meals and chit chat with the selected tables. Oh how I was wrong. This by far exceeded my expectations. So to start the show a magician greeted named Eric, explained what would be happening, performed a stunning magic trick which included the entire private dining room, then transitioned to explaining that magicians would come up to our tables and perform magic tricks. It was not just one magician but between each course we would be seeing many magic tricks from various magicians. We got to experience Noah, who captivated our table with his card tricks, as well as good humor and charm, followed by Jordi, and Tobi who each kept raising the stakes higher and higher. For the price for a private showing of magic, and a private meal with friends, it was not only well worth the price but a bargain at that. Next time I'm in New York City, I'll make sure to look this place up.
This was a great show! It's nice to have an experience like this in New York. Top-grade magic in a private setting. Very witty and funny, with a devilish dark streak. The food was good and everyone had a blast. Definitely worth checking out.
We took our son there for his birthday, because he is into magic.  We had a great time.  The magic was amazing and we felt like we were the only people in the place. Well worth the money.  We would definitely go back again.
Awesome show. You get to see professional magic up-close, right at your table! Way better than seeing it on TV, where you know they've done some editing to make it look good. Quick tip: Come to the show about 20 minutes early. You'll get extra performances at your table while other people are still being seated!
Not worth 50 bucks a person. It's held at a bar called gossip, so the food was not too good. The magician were okay but one of them messed up his act. I would have rather gone to a comedy club. New Yorkers like to get there moneys worth and this was not worth it.
I ate amazing French food, I laughed until I cried, I saw some amazing magic!  The atmosphere is intimate, cozy and friendly.  I would come again and again!
Great food, entertainment, and service. An evening of laughs and magic.  Strong recommend!
I admit that I came in with low expectations -- and was vastly exceeded. The quality of each performer was top notch and very entertaining. Would make a great corporate event as well...I'd go again!
This is a wonderful way to have a full evening in midtown Manhattan that is fun, different and affordable. You get three delicious courses at a classic French bistro, two magicians, all for one great price. We were utterly charmed. The magic, the food, the atmosphere all unique and wonderful. We will definitely be back. Merci bien.
TOTALLY WOWED!!!!! These magicians deliver what they say! We were amazed by the magic and mind reading, left with belly aches from roaring with laughter!!! They were so funny!!! The food was amazing too! We will definitely be back for their next performance!
I went with my husband and daughter to A Taste of Magic. The French food was delicious. My husband had the hangar steak, I had the salmon, our daughter the beef stew, plus the best pomme frites since France--all were delicious. Also came with appetizers and dessert. The evening's host was a charming young man named Eli who delighted us with his light-handed magic--especially one trick with bubbles. Followed by another magician who won an award from Comedy Central. Altogether a family friendly evening we would return to without hesitation. Genuinely --magical.
