Possibly my favorite Italian restaurant in westchester. Amazing old school staff. Everything seems to be made and served with pride. Standouts for me are anything with red sauce and the chicken Valentino. If you read a bad review for this place it's probably their competition.
Open for 29 years sounds about right since the only time I've been here was for a funeral lunch between the ages of 8-10. Walking back in tonight, I immediately got a flashback of my now-deceased grandfather the way I remembered him that day. The look hasn't changed much, understandably why places like this become local treasures. Bob, a true gentleman and class act, and the rest of his staff tend to you meticulously in their vintage red jackets with black lapels and black bow ties. Birthdays are celebrated with a ring of a bell and an extra special song sung after the traditional "happy birthday". Table napkins are pink, while the chairs you can find at your grandma's house in New Jersey. It's all part of its old world charm, reminding you of the yesteryears, even though it's sandwiched between modern day's CVS and Dunkin Donuts. Each dish was delicious; again, nostalgic, big portions, and comforting. The only dessert made in-house is the Ricotta Cheesecake. Did I taste Rum? That's how you do it!!! Forget the other crap - it's all outsourced. In summary, very affordable and closed on Tuesdays. Please tell Bob I sent you!!!
Not old school,  GOOD school.  When we want great comforting food, we head to Valentino's.   Nice portions and everything made to order and is delicously fresh.  Chicken Pam, zuppa de pesce, family style salads, lasagna, you name it.  Fantastic service. Don't skip the cheesecake.  Its one if kind.
All meat...and still nothing to eat, at least for us.  Everything had meat in it, even their marinara sauce.  We detected little flecks of bovine in our baked penne marinara which we ordered after the server stated that it was meatless. Clearly, the guy needed some retraining as far as menu knowledge, but was quick to run food and drinks out to us. The price point was high, but the dishes could have easily fed two people.  There's a lot of love for this local place, but we're indifferent to the food, and would like to burn the decor and give them a facelift.  The dessert case and deli display in the DR is awful.  That works in a diner, but not at a place like this. Meh.
Fresh!!! Everything, attentive service, no noisy tvs, bad kids, or sport nuts. Old world ambience, family size portions, they make it right! Special attentiveness , lacking in chain restaurants, and obnoxious servers. Love this place.
Disappointing!  My boyfriend and I came here in January for his birthday because it was convenient and he loves Italian food.  The beginning of the service was nice - we were seated quickly and given water and breadsticks. I remember ordering the seafood combo with stuffed lobster and vegetables on the side and he ordered a veal dish with penne. His meal also came with a "salad" (more on that later) My food wasn't good. My seafood combo with the stuffed lobster was so salty and there was hardly any meat, only stuffing. My vegetables looked like they had been stewing in a pot all day and were mush. My boyfriend said his food was good...until he saw the bill. That supposed salad (I've seen bigger salads at McDonald's for less) cost me 7-fucking-50. 7.50 for almost nothing. My boyfriend and I felt our dishes weren't even worth what I had to pay (remember, it was his birthday) which came out to 75 exactly. With that said, I still tipped them 15%, which they rudely didn't appreciate (their response - "Okay, whatever.") Apparently this place was well regarded until the old man died.  If you're ever in the East Village, check out John's on 12th instead.
All told about 26 million Italians emigrated to the United States. Most stayed. Many did pretty well; two of their descendants sit on the US Supreme Court; one is Governor of New York State. Cultural traditions haven't thrived as well: Olive Gardens and chain pizzerias in strip malls serve food with no resemblance to the real thing so most eaters must think an Italian meal leaves you feeling as if you'd  swallowed a bowling ball. Not so in Yonkers, where just off the Bronx River Parkway Bobby maintains the tradition at Valentino's, the restaurant his father founded. In more than 25 years of eating here our family has never had a bad meal or a bad experience. The food is consistently delicious, unpretentious and cooked to perfection and the ingredients are first rate. Bobby is a warm and accomodating host who takes pride in what he does. His place deserves recognition
Great tasting marinara Sauce on the shrimp with linguine. My chicken Rollantini was good. Attentive service. A bit pricey. Nothing I sampled was mind blowing, but nothing bad to say either.
Just went again and it was even better than last time!  Started with a special antipasto of fresh moozarella, tomatoes, proscuitto, and roasted peppers; everything was fresh and delicious.  My family had the linguini valentino (essentially linguini in a marechiare/pink seafood sauce), chicken alla valentino (chicken franchese with some proscuitto and chesse on top), chicken parm, meatballs, several sides of pasta, and I had a special with ziti, proscuitto, several kinds of mushrooms, and artichoke hearts in a red sauce.  My dish was amazing, everything perfectly balanced and blended together, as was everyone else's as usual.   We went at an odd time, so the place was empty and I got to see more of it.  The space is nicer than I remembered it, and the owner (still the same chef from Arthur Ave) is a reallly genuine, nice guy.  This place is a taste of the quality Italian food you could find in NY back in the day.  If you're in the area and love Italian food, do not pass up the opportunity to visit it!
I've been waiting to go here since I moved to Westchester and finally had the chance last night.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the location is odd and tucked between a Dunkin Donuts and CVS.  But you should never judge a book by its cover, because this place is awesome!! Our waiter was extremely helpful and so nice.  Our water was always filled and we were constantly being checked on.   What we tried: Cheese Ravioli - the red sauce was absolutely delicious.  So fresh with just the right amout of garlic.  The raviolis were huge and cooked perfectly al dente.  I sprinkled some parmesan on the dish and it was amazing.   Penne Ala Vodka (not on the menu) - my hubbie agreed that this was probably the best penne ala vodka we've ever had.  The pasta is cooked al dente and sauce is perfect.  I added parmesan and crushed red pepper to this..so so so good! Pappardelle with sausage special - I don't eat meat so I didn't try this.  My friend said he liked it, but he probably wouldn't order it again. The portions are huge, one dish can easily be shared by 2 people.  We had enough leftovers for another dinner.   Definitely recommended if you are in the area.
You know that scene in the Godfather where Michael Corleone is at the restaurant with Sollozzo looking for the gun in the bathroom? It probably could have been filmed in Valentino's, I'm not even kidding. There's the lookout guy in front, maybe a bodyguard, waiters dressed in the black suits with bow ties, but I digress... If you plan on having dinner at Valentino's, it's best to call ahead for a reservation. It gets VERY crowded, especially on the weekends, and as a result, pretty loud. The decor is kind of dated, it could definitely use some sprucing up. The portions at Valentino's are HUGE - come with an appetite and be prepared to share! There are daily specials, not featured on the menu, which the waiters will recite and give a brief explanation. I would recommend going for the daily specials because they're usually better than the regular menu items. There are also wines that aren't on the menu, so be sure to ask. In general, if the ingredients are available, the kitchen is very good about putting together a meal that may not necessarily be on the menu. There have been times, usually when I go for a late dinner, that the kitchen has run out of the daily specials or even some of the desserts. Because my family has been going here for years, I've been able to sample quite a variety of the different dishes. The style of the food is closest to Americanized Italian, but it's not on the same level with the Olive Garden (thank God). For the style of food, it gets 5 Stars.  Some of the dishes are better than others, but there are a few standouts. Be on the lookout for the taralli in the bread basket! It's my top choice on how to ingest carbs before the meal...although the bread is also very fresh as well. For an appetizer, the cold seafood salad is the way to go. There have been times where it is a little salty, but there's plenty of delicious grilled calamari, shrimp, and scallops (anchovies too, but bleh to that!). All of the seafood is mixed in with roasted red and yellow peppers, olives, romaine hearts, and tomato. The cold antipasto plate has something for everyone: cured meats (i.e., prosciutto), cheese (mozzarella and provolone), roasted peppers, olives, tomato, and artichoke hearts. It's good, but a little too salty. The only time it's worth ordering the pasta is when there's a freshly made pasta special. You will be able to taste the difference immediately - always cooked to al dente perfection. The calamari marinara is great - the plate of sauteed squid is HUGE and very fresh. There are always a variety of fish specials, where you can have the fish prepared any way you like. I'm wary of the mixed seafood specials they have that feature crabmeat because the crab is artificial. I haven't had much experience with the meat specials as I'm not much of a meat eater, but whenever someone orders ribs or a steak, you'd think it came from a brontosaurus. The potato croquettes as a side dish are alright, but they're not the best.  Get the zucchini marinara instead.  Anyone who orders French fries at any sort of Italian restaurant deserves to be smacked. Now, onto dessert. The ricotta cheesecake is the best I've ever had at any restaurant. Forget any of the other desserts, and get the cheesecake! The consistency is perfect. There is absolutely NO regular cream cheese in it and it is not atrociously sweet. I'll never forget how devastated I was when the kitchen ran out (I was there for dinner very late, around 10pm). I love that the waiter will bring out the sambucca for my espresso, definitely a nice touch and way to finish the meal. There's also a take-out menu, which features some of the staples.  Just be sure to call ahead and you're food will be ready for you when you pick it up.
When I was a kid, my mother, my grandmother and I would go out to lunch once a week at Valentino's.  I think the food is superb but the decor needs a facelift.  Mom and I went in over the summer right when it opened so there was all sorts of daylight happening and the carpets were old, dirty and worn out.  Time for a change.  We were shocked at what the carpet looked like in daylight.  We still had our favorite Shrimp Francese which I love, even though the shrimp seem to have gotten smaller over the years.  They do put more on the plate but the shrimp are way smaller than in the past.  I still love it.  Went on two dates there recently and my bf raved about this veal dish he got, said it was the best veal ever.  I adore the food and service there....it just needs some upgrades.
If Heaven could be covered in red sauce, they'd serve it at Valentino's. Great food, great service, great location (just off the Bronx River Pkwy) and in a ...let's say interesting setting. Located in a strip mall, just between the Double D's and CVS is a gem of a food find. Valentinos is a flashback to a time when to when there was no such thing as cutting corners to make it in the restaurant business. At Valentinos the star is you and everything in the restaurant from the man that opens the door for you, to the greeting from Bob (owner) every waiter and busboy, to the food that can be ordered from the written menu, the special menu (that is always the same) or just the stuff you feel like eating today says "Welcome Home"! Only knock, the tables are too close together. This place busy and is best visited in parties of 4 or up (no reservations for groups under 4), but mid- week and before or after rush periods, 2's are promptly seated (@ 8 on a Friday or Saturday prepare to wait an hour + without a reservation).
Fantastic......the food is second to none. I've had several entrees here and not a bad one in the bunch. It is a bit of an odd location in a strip mall, but if you can get over that, you are in for a real treat. You won't be waited on by a young high school or college student, but a true waiter who makes his living by serving up the best Italian food around and pleasant quantities of it. NOTE: This place is very small.......and I'd always consider calling ahead for a reservation. I attended a party here and it was held over lunch, if it was at any other time of day, there was no way this was going to happen. Pencil in Valentino's as your next visit if you have not been there. You will be sorry you did not earlier.
Good old fashion Italian Food.  Fantastic Seafood and Meats.  My family usually eats here 6 times a year and it is consistently good.  I am not sure how anyone could give Valentino's less than 4 Stars. I give it a 5 Star because it is so consistent.
Can I say we had a magical afternoon here? We sat outside and had to wave for the waiter, but man oh man the food, the drinks--wow! We had a good feeling about the place and we weren't wrong! I had a Tequila Cosmopolitan, my companion tortellini soup. The bread and butter (which we take VERY seriously) was to die for. Crispy, hot fresh toasty. Ummmn. I had a salad--which was like any other salad except that I thoroughly enjoyed it and ate with gusto. Later we shared the rigatoni with Broccoli Rabe and sausage with a lovely glass of house Chianti. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Across from the Yonkers race track. Hmmn. Not surprised.
The best Italian food in the area (including Arthur Avenue. Excellent service. I have been a regular since 1995. Try the linguini Valentino, lentil soup, cold seafood salad, veal Marsala, The list goes on. On Wednesday order the osso bucco (before they run out of it). Heaven on a plate. I cannot say enough about Robert, the owner, Genuine, friendly with an uncanny ability to remember names. Professional waiters and staff. Groups of 4 or more can make a reservation (you will need one evenings and weekends).
There is no better fish in the tristate area than the Bronzino and Salmon that my wife and I ate last night. As fresh as they come and giant portions. No sauce is necessary as Bobby must have the best Fish purveyor in New York. Just a plain simple sauce and some amazing old style marinara sauce on the linguini and you are in for an amazing meal. You can complain all you want about the small narrow searing and lack of windows but you walk out savoring your meal and saying "this was the best meal of the weekend bar none". Love M&F.
You can't go wrong at this Southern Italian gem!  It's exactly what you'd expect, red sauce, huge portions (I mean huge like you can eat them at least twice for left overs) and great friendly service.  It gets packed on Saturday night so since we have a 1 year old we came on a Sunday.  They made her feel so welcomed, Bobby the manager was so accommodating.  The seafood in the zuppa de pesce was cooked perfectly and everything is to order (which is great).  Pasta is cooked to a perfect al dente which I love.  Only complaint came from my husband who said there wasn't enough meat in his lasagna.  This is one of the better down home Italian spots in Westchester so it definitely keeps us coming back.
I would love to give this place 5 stars but at the end of the day, the food is just pretty good.  The bread is not fresh and the pasta is not homemade.  The service is excellent and Bobby is probably the best owner/host you can imagine, charming, handsome, kind and helpful.  I had Calamari Fra Diavolo and it was good, my mom had swordfish oreganata and it was tasty but overcooked and the other ladies at the table went with Chicken Francese which were pretty good too.  For the prices and the environment, I just think the food should be spectacular.  The place is cozy and romantic and on a weeknight it is quiet enough you can stay and relax.  Everyone working there is lovely and i plan to go back soon and hopefully upgrade to 4 or 5 starts.  Bobby, you should get a Terranova or the like bread delivery daily and make some homemade pasta.  It is well worth the effort.  Also, have the chefs be careful not to dry out the fresh fish.  I would also appreciate a side salad instead of a side pasta as a carb watcher.  House wines by the glass were quite good.  I just want to see Bobby again!
Excellent. Nice portions,delicious food,great service.
This unassuming restaurant is one of the best kept secret outside of the neighborhood. The food is top quality, Bobby the Maitre D is one of the nicest guys in the business. I've been there about 10 times and every time I walk away with a smile on my face. If you are ever on the south end of Bronx River Road, or near the Woodlawn/Wakefield area of The Bronx, you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't go to this restaurant.   The decor is straight out of the 70's and that adds to the charm of this little bigtime restaurant. I love this place! They accept Credit Cards, but recently instituted a cash only policy on the tip. Just a heads up when you go. My wife is yelling "tell them about the mussels in white sauce and the Lemoncello gelato" ..and I say every veal dish is superb.
The food is very authentic Italian. Not anything like the salty Americanized pastas that Applebee's, Olive Garden, and other places try to pass off as Italian. Will definitely be coming here again!
Came here with my son, We had a great time from the time we walked in. The service was superb , they made substitutes to my dish without any problem. They accommodated my son's meal by making chicken fingers which are not on the menu. The margarita was good and so was the tiramisu. Only thing they only except cash. But other then that it's great.  We loved it.
After reading the reviews of this restaurant me and my boyfriend were looking forward to our new dining experience (since it had great reviews). As soon as we entered, I was hesitant if it was worth eating here, the ambience was less than pleasant and the restaurant was filled with the elderly. None of the less, we decided to give it a chance against our better judgement to see what the "rave" was all about.... The staff was extremely nice and professional. The menu was hard to interpret and somewhat confusing.since it was stated in Italian and didn't offer any description of what the meal/ingredients Were. Furthermore, only select meals offered an additional side dish that was included in the meal, however, the wasn't a listing of what was offered as a side dish. When our meal arrived the portions of the meal were small in comparison to their price. The food itself was ehh and didn't have much taste or flavor (somewhat bland). Honestly I've made better meals at home and I'm not even Italian. The only highlight of our dining experience was the bread that was provided with our meal. This will be the first and last time we will ever visit Valentinos. For those of you who never dined here, please note that the place does accept credit cards however, gratuity is "cash only"!
Making the trip from Connecticut for each meal, we have been loyal customers of Valentino's for 25 years. That should say enough, but we'll add that the quality of the food and unmatched service can't be beat. Every meal at "Val's" becomes a special occasion. Don't let the location fool you; it's an absolute hidden gem and diamond in the rough. We particularly love the family style salad with peppers and cheese to start, and a few standout entrees include the seafood fra divolo, pork chops with sweet and hot vinegar peppers, and their more traditional Italian menu items of chicken parmigiana and baked ziti. These recommendations should not limit your willingness to try anything...there's no bad item and you should consider their daily specials. While the food is sensational, it's the phenomenal service led by owner Bobby and his long time committed staff that make you feel so welcome, even your first visit. Valentino's is the restaurant of choice that our family and friends agree upon time and time again.
Valentino's was not spectacular, to say the least.  I was warned already about it's decor and boy, were the critics right. And I'm reading the other reviews and I'm thinking to myself, "Did I go to the same place??!!?!?"  The decor is "very old", looks like it's from the year I was born old (1984).  There is a massive collage of autographed photographs on the wall and the restaurant is very narrow in size but long in length.  The volume in there made me feel I was at a Yankee game.  And there wasn't any music on, it was just from the customers.  I literally had to scream across the table to be heard to the point I was about to take out my phone and start texting my date.  The mirrored walls must be holding in the sound. Oh the menu.... So again, the menu matches the decor, from 1984.  Very basic like chicken parm or lasagna, nothing special that had caught my eye.  What I did notice was that multiple items had "...alla Valentino" at the end.  I assumed it was some type of sauce, like a red marinara but they wanted to sound fancy.  Okay cool.  Not the case.  Each "...alla Valentino" was a different dish.  For example, linguini alla Valentino was linguini with shrimps and clams in a light sauce and homemade fettuccine alla Valentino was Fettuccine with mushrooms and bacon in a white creamy sauce.   So pretty much, I would have to ask the waiter to explain each dish to me ending in "alla Valentino"?  Maybe he was making it up as he goes along? I don't know but the menu should be updated where it has more thorough explanations on each dish because the waiters look like there in a haste as they bump into one another along this narrow corridor, so there's no time for questions. The meal... The two examples I gave above is what we ordered.  The bacon was pure fat and the look of this dish, made my stomach upset.  My dish had the shrimp and clams chopped up already as if they came out of a can.  The taste was mediocre for both.  My wine came in a wine class that said "Valentino's Restaurant" engraved on it.  That's very old school, I remember that was trendy as a child.   The prices.... Expensive for a place that is not trendy or the slightest bit updated.  Expensive for mediocre food that I can probably make at home, but the portions are huge so i suppose that makes up for it. The waiters are dressed in tuxedos, adds to the old school feel.   This seems to be a popular place for the older crowd from Bronx River Rd but I didn't feel that way in the slightest.  It's had it's time.
A few years ago, my husband and I were regulars.  At our "last supper" there, it was a Friday.  We ALWAYS order drinks, bottle of wine, appetizers, pasta course, entree and dessert, coffee and after dinner drinks. Pricey, nes pa? Checks run into the $275 range! We are seated with our wine, desserts and cordials when the head waiter comes over, slams the check down and says, pay and leave..we need the table.  Its Friday, around 4pm and there were empty tables and no one standing to be seated. I told him we are not finished and did not ASK for check.He stills says he wants the table.  We paid and left NO tip and have never gone back to that S#%*Hole again! Lovingly, Diane & Umberto
Decent Italian food, not the preprocessed fake stuff like Olive Garden.  Definitely run by the mafia.  The servers are very friendly and love seeing their loyal patrons.  They treat you like family!
Valentino's is the kind of place that will bring you back to when you were a little kid, especially if as a little kid you spent a lot of time eating at Italian places in the Bronx (The original Joe Nina's and Dominick's). I think its one of the reasons people keep going back there, because it brings them back to a time of those old school Italian American places they grew up eating at. And how could it not, the place hasn't changed in decades. For Valentino's that's a good thing. I've seen too many restaurants like Valentino's try to change their identity by re-modeling, or updating the menu. Valentino's found their bread and butter plan many many years ago and they've stuck with it. The main reason people keep coming back to Valentino's of course, is the food. You really can't make a wrong decision with their menu. It's all good. Last time I was there I had the veal chop, bone in. Served with a side of roasted potatoes and peppers, hit the spot.
Used to got there often. Just went back after many years. This is a great little local place with consistant food and service. An old school family place,
The service is outstanding. We immediately walked in and received a very professional yet warm welcome. I was forewarned by the previous reviews that Valentino's was located in an odd location and I literally drove right by it. Basically you need to turn into the CVS parking lot and it's right there. Nonetheless, I had the lasagna and my husband had the veal marsala. Pretty decent. I am up in the air about my lasagna. It was definitely fresh...but so fresh that is was a bit soupy and it needed to sit a bit. I suppose if it needed to sit, it would take my dinner another hour to arrive...regardless it was good. My guess is that it's going to taste better even tomorrow. That being said, the restaurant deserves another try. I loved the tiramasu and would give this place 3 1/2 stars...for now.
We had burned out on Valentino's and had taken some time off. We recently stopped by in response to an eggplant parmigiana craving and had a very nice meal.  Bobby was his usual friendly self.  I ordered my first martini there... It was well made and big enough to be a lawn ornament.  Wine is reasonably priced.  The mussels in red sauce were excellent, as was the eggplant parma.  In my experience, Valentino's does the following things well:  Pasta, especially with seafood, eggplant and veal parm, lasagna.  The salads are good. The antipasti are pretty good but maybe a bit variable. There are 3 basic sauces:  red and white, which are excellent and brown, which is often served with specials and meat dishes, which I don't like as much.  I ordered chicken stuffed with cheese and broccoli rabe served with portobello mushrooms and polenta, which I liked a lot, aside from the brown sauce.  I have had hit or miss results with the specials.   The prices are inexpensive, the portions enormous.  The decor is frozen in time, in a good way.  It's one of those places where it's comforting to have the consistency.  The crowd is straight out of central casting. We had a great time with a gracious hosting and waitstaff.   We were happy to have renewed our acquaintance.
my husband's family has been going for 27 years since they opened.... his brother's picture is even on the wall since he was born in the same year as the opening.  this was my first experience and could not have been happier.  definitely a good place to bring the family... even the little ones.  everyone loved the service and the food.  still the same large portions of good quality food. we had the chicken parm, shrimp parm, veal parm, linguine and white clam sauce with extra garlic and the salmon dijonaise in addition to a antipasto salad without the meat.  PLENTY of food to go around for the whole gang.  great prices. good value. Bobby, the now owner, could not have been more pleasant, accommodating and passionate about his business. he came over to check-in on us, shook our hands before and after the meal and thanked us for coming in.  truly a pleasure.  we whole heartily encourage all in the area to try it out as it is one of the better italian restaurants in lower westchester.
I am still stuffed from the meal I just had at Valentino's.  It was the pene pasta with eggplant, mozzarella, tomatoes and sauce.  Excellent choice.  They also have a very nice selection of wine to pair with your meal.  The staff are welcoming and make you feel at home.  I recommend this place to anyone who likes authentic italian food, excellent italian waiters and an awesome experience.   Also, I was there on a Wednesday where they have the Oso Bucco.  I didn't get it but the table next to mine did.  It looked AMAZING!!!  I almost reached over, you can the tables are close, and took a bite.
Over 25 years since I first went to Valentino's and still great food.
This place is the size of a postage stamp...but the food is classic Italian atit's finest. Real old-school-bartender in redvest and black bowtie- vibe here. No reservations, just squeeze inside and wait. I have just gone once, and luckily didnt have to wait long, but i would say if you did have to wait around for a table, it would be worth it.
My husband and I had dinner here yesterday and we vowed to be regulars. Excellent service, the way Italian dining should be. Food was perfect!! I love this place!
We just visited for the first time. Very, very good service bumps this review to 4-stars. Food is good, not the best Italian food I've had as it's definitely old-style Italian cuisine, but good. We had cheese ravioli, a stuffed rigatoni w sausage and walnuts special, and a special lobster ravioli. Dessert was tiramisu and a huge fruit plate was brought out complimentary. The lobster ravioli had a funky taste to it, not the buttery lobster goodness I was expecting. The tiramisu was generously soaked w liqueur. The decor is time-capsule 70s Italian and could potentially veer to the depressing. The service was truly very good, attentive without being cloying. There were many tables of obvious regulars but we weren't at all ignored. I'm anxious to try it again!
I've had Italian at many places but not like at Valentinos. Wow the taste was fantastic and the portions were enough for take home.  Make sure you have dessert. The service was excellent and very friendly they made my six year old feel at home.
This place was great. Great food and excellent service. I would highly recommend this place.
Always excellent. From appetizers(baked clams, stuffed artichoke, salads) all fresh and mouth watering. Amazing pastas, seafoods and veal, among your standard Italian fare. And you will have plenty left over for lunch the next day. Reasonably priced food and drink.  Free Parking.
I am in love with this place: the atmosphere is perfect, fancy without being too uptight; reasonably priced, delicious authentic italian food and fantastic service. I couldn't have asked for a better restaurant.   I ordered the Linguini Alla Valentino (chopped clams and shrimp over pasta with red or white sauce), most popular pasta dish on the menu and I can understand why.  Try this dish and you will get addicted to Valentino's! The only thing that I disliked was the portion sizes, each dish is enough for three hungry people, which can be overwhelming... I hate waisting food and I fear that this delicious pasta wont get eaten unless I want to be eating pasta for breakfast lunch and dinner- no thank you.   I also wish that the bread was hot and was surprised that it wasn't served with olive oil, being that it is an authentic italian restaurant.   In conclusion, Valentino's is a diamond in the rough and I will be returning to try more of their amazing food.
I have lived in Westchester and now for over 10 years in UWS of Manhattan. We eat at many restaurants and often in Manhattan including Michelin stared ones. The ambience is slicker in some of Manhattan restaurants but the food in Valentino's , in its own way, is comparable to the best in Manhattan. The food and service under Valentino and now his friendly son-in-law have remained consistently excellent. On occasions I have gone to Valentino's even when it is not on my way to or from baby-sitting.. Portions are enormous and always permit you a second meal at home on following day.  It is not for no reason that this  restaurant  continues to be successful for all these years. In case you haven't noticed the success rate of restaurants is low.
After hearing so many wonderful things abour Valentino's we went out of our way to try it..  We got there shortly before closing and the bread they served was leftover from other tables.  One piece had a bite mark in it.  Needless to say, this put a damper on our meal.
This Little Italy style, but better, Italian serves some of the best food in Westchester. The friendly staff dressed in black jackets and bowties offer numerous home-made style specials, plus all the usuals are on the menu.Linguine Valentino is one of the best pastas I have had anywhere. Osso bucco on Wednesdays is delicious. Fish can be prepared numerous ways; the orreganata is a favorite. Portions are huge and should be shared.The cheese cake is great. Expresso with Sambuca provides a great finish to a wonderful evening. House wine is reasonable and good. Prices are moderate.
Horrible service. Waiter barely looked at us entire time and when we didnt order drinks his annoyance was obvious! I was appalled by how rude he was. Took our order and we never saw him again. Never made eye contact and spoke rudely. Didnt even tell us the daily specials! Bread delicious and so was chicken parm. Mussels were gritty and fishy and drenched in butter, definitely below average. Marsala was ok, nothing great. Would not go back based on service alone. Worst part was when bartender asked if everything ok and we honestly told him service was horrible and made us uncomfortable he said "okay"! No apology or anything!
Excellant food, Perfect for a date, quiet and lovely ambiance.  Love their minestrone soup and chicken parm.  You will enjoy it!
