Wow. I know what you are going to say: why would I ever go to downtown Schenectady to see a movie? Well if you haven't been in downtown Schenectady in awhile you are in for a nice surprise. The area around Proctor's theater is thriving with new restaurants, hotels, shops,  a sparkling new YMCA and state office buildings. Simply incredible. A wonderful part of this expansion is the Bow Tie Cinema.  It is state of the art, with multiple stadium seating theaters complimented with every modern convenience. The theaters are spotless and, in addition to conventional movie food, they serve hotdogs, pastries and the like. They even serve beer and wine -- although you must consume these drinks before centering the theater. They is plenty of parking across the street in an indoor parking garage which if fully lighted and cameras everywhere. Bow Tie is the best kept movie secret in the Capital Region. It is a modern state of the art theater in the middle of Schenectady's growth district. It is like the theaters at Crossgate's and Colonie Center but cleaner and far less crowded. Don't let antiquated views about "Schenectady decay" prevent you from coming. It's simply a joy.
This six screen movie theater, which opened on May 17th, is a great addition to the entertainment scene in Downtown Schenectady! It's located at the corner of State Street and Broadway across from NYSDOT Region 1 offices and a few doors down from Proctor's. This theater offers comfortable plush stadium seating with cup holders and very superb Dolby Digital surround sound. There's free parking in the Broadway Garage (with validation on weekdays) and bargain matinees ($7.00) before 6:00 PM daily. For showtimes, check out bowtiecinemas.com The Snack Bar/Cafe offers popcorn, candy, hot dogs, fresh baked pizza, hot pretzels, chicken tenders, fries, nachos, ice cream bars, soft drinks, energy drinks, coffee, Frappacino, and BEER & WINE. There's plenty of table seating in the Cafe area. Alcoholic beverages cannot be brought into the theaters and must be consumed in the Cafe, per NYS law. NOTE: If purchasing tickets for an R-rated movie, everyone in the party must be present at the ticket counter, as I witnessed a lady in front of me trying to buy some R-rated tickets and the cashier refused to sell until the whole party arrived.
Best seats of any theater in the area. Clean. Easy parking in garage on Broadway.  Today they are experiencing technical difficulties.  20 minutes late to start, but everyone got free tickets.  Pretty good service as far as I'm concerned.
Wow! A very comfortable and urbanely designed multiplex in downtown Schenectady, with excellent sound systems in each theater. Unlike mall moviehouses, this one is devoid of lobby video games and sullen teens. Beer and wine is available (only in the lobby), and the employees actually seem to take pride in working there. If you're in the mood for a mass-market flick, I highly recommend this place.
This is by far the best of the "modern stadium seating" -style movie theaters in the area, with a nice open lobby on the street, a location amenable to doing more than one thing at a time, clean and well-appointed with good sound and mostly unobtrusive employees. Only downgrades are for the usual: parking (difficult to find nearby at times) and high concession prices, and because nearby Proctor's is far more of an event destination by comparison. It's not quite an old-fashioned downtown movie theater, but it's a great asset for the area. We're fond of doing double-up outings by going to the Greenmarket and Jay St. Flea Market followed by a matinee on Sunday mornings. Decent single-serving cup style coffee is available in the lobby, a must as far as I'm concerned when taking the kids to the movies. We've occasionally had problems getting the attention of the ticket sellers here but it's mostly because they're slightly understaffed. I cannot hold that against them relative to the other chain-stadium movie theaters, but I will hold it as a factor against that elusive fifth star.
A great clean theater option! When I don't want drive to Colonie mall and deal with that extravaganza I go here. Its never too crowded, with friendly employees. They serve real butter on their popcorn which makes it very tasty. I have asked a couple times later in the evening if I could wait for fresh popcorn to be popped and it was not a problem. The best place to park is across the street in a parking garage, and they will validate the parking stub for you. They are less expensive than other theaters and I need to take advantage of the matinee pricing soon as well. The seats are comfortable and recline back and you can lift up the arm rest in between you and your loved one to snuggle closer. I just wish the screen was larger but it works. On a side note be careful of police in the area. Once later in the evening I did not pay attention on my way home from the theater to the no turn on red sign, while turning right facing bangkok bistro and got a ticket from some little power hungry small guy complex imp!
I was totally dismayed to read about the unprovoked assault on a father and his two daughters at this movie theater - and the deafening silence that proceeded it. Instead of handling this issue openly - the movie theater let the story stay buried for three months, until the Daily Gazette reported on it. I do not feel safe going here, and would avoid it with my family: dailygazette.com/news/20…
I'm thankful that such a great theater exists within walking distance of where I live. A typical large scale movie cinema with all the trimmings. Very fast service, and great large movie screens. Loved it! Farrah Ashline
This is a great local movie theater. It's small, but has all the amenities--comfy seats, real buttered popcorn, lack of crowds, and they sell alcoholic beverages at the concession! The only downside is it only has room for 6 movies at a time, which means it's often blockbusters-only; but I try to patronize it as much as I can to support downtown Schenectady.
Never crowded - comfortable seats. Clean... and in Schenectady. I am as shocked as you, but I go here all the time. Employees are nice, the food is good, parking is actually easier than fighting for a spot at the mall. Bonus!
Movieland, I still love you. We just might be in a teeny fight. My ONLY complaint is that the coffee (tho it hit the spot) was $2.75. Come on, people, all our snacks and drinks for 4 people was $23 (a steal if in NYC) but $5.50 of that was on 2 coffees! Ah well, I will still always try to see movies here when visiting my parents.
I love this place!  Always clean and friendly. Always free parking in the garage which a lot of people don't know and $6 movies on Tuesday. They don't play ads before the movies and the food is cheaper than most theaters----still expensive theater food though
Nice, clean theater, has the big listings and occasional small film.  What's really great is it's easy parking, even on a weekend, and it's steps from restaurants and Jay Street.  I haven't had to go to a movie in the mall since this place opened - thank goodness!!
