Love the Scotia Cinema. Quite frankly it's an exercise in patience when you are waiting for movies to come to the Scotia Cinema, but it's worth the price every time.  Usually not too long to wait for the movies that you want to see. For the price of $4.50 (Adults) and average of about $1.50 - 2.00 for candy and soda, plus the refills on popcorn it can't be beat.  The staff is great, the ambiance is great.  We always try to get into the balcony so that we can take in the movie!  They recently renovated the interior to move back the screen to put in more seats. Situated right across the road from The Dragon Garden Chinese restaurant, and right in the center of Scotia this makes for a great way to end a date night or family night out.
This cinema is fantastic. It beats the hell out of the Regal cinemas. You get a great value here: the movie is only $4.50. The snacks are (a) good, and (b) not ridiculously overpriced like Regal. The popcorn has real butter. The theater itself is very nice and comfortable. You really can't go wrong with this place: it's a great theater to visit. My only grievance: Cash-only. Yes, I know, I never shut up about this point, but it's something that I feel is important. I have a very tough time accepting that a business for whatever reason does not take credit cards in 2014. Processing fees are miniscule. If you're not trying to hide income from the IRS, there's really no excuse.
$4.50 for a movie, popcorn and soda are totally affordable. It's a great place to go by yourself, or for a cheap date. The big guy that takes your ticket up front has been there forever. I always say "2 children tickets please" and he never laughs or even bothers to give me the underage ticket so I can save a dollar. A group of high school kids are there to give you soda and popcorn. The owner has a huge hair cut that looks a little like Elvis. It's great, a throw back to simpler days when times were easier and main street had a theater on it.
My movie theater checklist for Scotia Cinema: Comfy seats - Check. Yummy snacks - Check (popcorn + real butter = yes please). Low Ticket Prices = Check ($4.50 for adults is unheard of!) No Obnoxious Patrons = Check. People are here to watch the movie, not talk/text on cellphones and be annoying. Scotia Cinema meets every single thing on my list with flying colors. Do yourself a favor and come check it out!
You can't beat a small town movie theater with a down home vibe, great popcorn, new movies and a $4 price tag! A GREAT place to take the family or go on a date!!!! Farrah Nayka Ashline
You can't best a movie for $4.50. We take our own refreshments generally but it wouldn't break the bank if you buy there. We love sitting in the balcony. Only down side, and it's unfortunate, but the grumpy guy at the window is not pleasant at all. He never says a word and seems downright unhappy to be there. I have been going here for close to 20 years and every time I step up to the window I dread seeing him. There is no way to get this guy to crack a smile let alone utter  a word. Thank goodness it's a deal to go to the movies here otherwise I suspect his unpleasantness would really affect business. I would give this 5 stars if it weren't for him.
Great prices! Very clean!
Probably the coolest way to spend a fun afternoon at the movies in a uniquely vintage setting, and for less than half of what other cinemas charge! Add a lunch or dinner at nearby Jump 'N' Jack's, and you've got yourself an extremely enjoyable afternoon on a budget.
This is what a movie theatre is all about! $4 movies, $1.50 candy, and great balcony seating.  He shows new movies just out of regular theatres and a mix of childrens and adult movies.  And down the street from O'Leary's Irish pub!
I love coming to this place for a movie! It's such a cute little theatre and definitely a great deal for $4.50 a person! They only play the movies one at a time due to their small size and only one theatre, and the movies do not play here at the same time as they do in the main movie theatres.
The Scotia Cinema is a steal, with $4 movies, great prices on popcorn (refills for $1!!) with REAL butter, and inexpensive beverage and candy options.  The theater itself is great, with a balcony and seating on the floor and I doubt there is a bad seat in the house.  The movies they show are not first run, but they are not that old either - maybe a month or so after they first come out.  A great place to catch up on movies that you missed the first time around.
Cheap tickets, cute setting and yummy popcorn...what more could ya ask for?
Yes it's a good deal for a movie and I love that, but the staff at the front end is terrible! No smiles, no thank you I am a customer after all. I recently paid with a 20  and the owner gave me change for a 10. I think it was just a mistake, but I realized it after I walked away, maybe 5 seconds. I walked back up and told him his mistake and he just hands me the correct money, no "so sorry". He's a grumpy gruff guy and should not be dealing with the public! Another time we had a very large group 10 people some kids, adults and a senior he told us the wrong price and when I politely corrected him he just kind of grunted, try some customer service please!
