Stoney's Irish Grill is the greatest! Their food is awesome and they have great drink selections. I have continued to buy one of the wines they have on the drink menu which is a new favorite. The Shrimp Alexander appetizer is just one delicious item I have had off of the menu and they have great weekly specials like $5 steamers on Wednesday nights. The boyfriend likes everything he has ordered - chicken parm, burgers, eggplant, prime rib, calamari... it's all great! On St. Patty's day my Aunt had the best Corned Beef and Cabbage she had EVER had! We go so often they started stocking my Dad's favorite Rum at the bar! They are great people and we go to Stoney's once every couple weeks. Nice cozy atmosphere and really great service. The place is always hoppin'!
Come Hungry! The portions are HUGE! I'm a big guy & I wan't able to finish my meal. That says something. Staff was friendly & service was well paced. This is Sch'dy, so being home for a family visit, I wash't looking for a fine dining experience. Mom likes this place so that's good enough for me. Live music, cold beer, good food, & family. It was a pretty good night. Can't ask for much more!
Dined there tonite....nice pub atmosphere..... decent staff ... Scampi was good.... My lady , who hates to complain, said her chicken francaise was undercooked to the point of being inedible....and over lemoned as well..... much as I liked the bar ,...we will not likely return....... Sad, a little care in the kitchen might have made us regulars ... Go for a drink.... don't eat there
Great local spot with great pub fare.  I had mozzarella stix which were very tasty.  Also had a couple Sam Adams Summer Ales.  Good stuff. Funny story, I was going up to the bar for round two, and ordered a miller for Dad and a Summer Ale for me.  The bartender brought them back and declared $7 dollars.  $7 for each, I asked, quizzically?  Um... no $7 together.  Me dumbfounded look.  Utter shock.  Okay.  great! Of course in New York $7 for one beer is on the cheap side, it can often be $8 or more.  SO to get two for that price was utterly earth shattering.  =)
Decided to check out this Irish pub after so long and was pleasantly surprised. The place was decorated for Halloween and the walls were adorned with the 37 years of history behind the pub. The menu was a diverse and actually very impressive for such an unassuming place. There are a number of beers on tap and the staff was professional and friendly. I'll definitely be frequenting this local delight in the future.
Stopped at Stoney's for a beer and a quick meal.  What a treat it was.  We had 2 vegetarians in the group and one hungry fella and 2 more average eaters.  Our meals consisted of a Reuben with Irish fries (yummy), a portobello mushroom panini (oh so good) and a HUGE hot turkey sandwich.  Everything was great!   Can't wait to go back.
I finally had a meal at Stoney's Irish Grill, and it certainly met my expectations.  In fact, it exceeded my expectations.  I had the Shrimp Alexander appetizer and the shrimps that they served were huge.  I also had a sandwich and it was very filling.  I certainly enjoy the atmosphere and look forward to coming back.
So I have lived around the corner from this place for over 10 years and never have been inside - my dentist asked me one day why I never went there and I really had no answer - Until now. The menu was the basic tavern fare with sandwiches fried foods and a few simple entrees - yet oddly enough an abundance of Italian food??? Umm... Not to state the obvious - But the sign outside says IRISH Grill! I did not see any Irish menu items. How Odd. Not as odd as the new Irish/Mexican Restaurant but still odd. I mean I know Schenectady has a large Italian heritage but for God's sake can we stop with the Italian food at every friggin place you go already? It's not even made with love - it's generic! And no offense to Stoney's... but you are next to the Appian Way, around the block from Riccitello's and a stones throw from Cornell's - Do you really think this neighborhood is suffering from a shortage of veal and chicken smothered in sauce and cheese?? We already have amazing Italian restaurants like Ferrari's, and Canali's that are unparalleled, So come on!... stick with your niche and work it! Serve us up some shepards pie or corned beef n cabbage or even just some potato soup, hell even potato skins would be a worthy attempt! I will say there was entertainment (no one I knew or would have gone out of my way for) but its nice to know there is something going on in the neighborhood to go enjoy if we wanted. Everyone was very pleasant and we were not left to our own devices for long as 3 different people were waiting on us. The establishment is clean and inviting - until someone opens the door behind you and BLAST! chills go right up your spine and into your plate of food (eat fast!). My husband had the fish and chips - unusual for him since we r not seafooders but he was dying to find something unique (perhaps irish) on the menu. His plate was nicely presented - two big planks of fried fish with fries and coleslaw. He enjoyed it very much and his plate was empty in little time (before someone else opened the door! lol). I had been stumped at the menu - hoping for something enticing (heard raves about the food!) but was finding it to be lacking for originality. Even the nights specials were other menu items prepared a little differently. I considered the pork chops but since he was going simple I went with the burger instead - med rare-cheese-grilled onions (my way). It was big, juicy, attractive, handmade and properly (perfectly) cooked! However very very bland - again not even salt. If you are going thru the trouble of making these beautiful patties by hand - why not go the extra step and throw some seasoning salt or whatever in the mix? Apprentice was a 9.5 - taste was a 3. This makes no sense to me whatsoever. They didn't even put any salt on the fries! I am waiting for the one time to dine out and say - man this place has really got it's collective Sh*t together! Still holding out hope... Drink specials and consistency I am sure bring this place the majority of it's business and the good reputation it has. The hospitality is certainly great too - its great for them to know your name... but do we really need it running ticker tape style on a lighted sign behind the bar? I really think it's time to step up here folks - when people today have a much greater choice as to where to go to spend their dollar - wouldn't you rather they never even consider it? My recommendations: Taste what you are serving - season it accordingly! Dump the 80's goldfish tank behind the bar - it's tacky as hell. If you want a nice modern aquarium people can stare at for hours then call a service who will not only give you a discount for the exposure to your customers but they will come service it for you! Secondly; Call a good contractor to figure out how to modify or move the front entrance so as to not to blast everyone+their food every time the door opens (NOTE: All tables by the front door were empty - which was why we sat down unaware.) Lastly the running lighted ticker tape style sign behind the bar would be best served OFF - at least put some interesting trivia or quotes on it so after you commit to reading all of what it says you are amused, not left to wonder who the hell is Lori and Steve? and why do we care when their birthday is? And why would they want the world to know they spend THAT much time in a bar? It's a total distraction and really serves no useful purpose other than force me to try and position myself in such a way it so that it is out of my peripheral view. AKA your top liquor $helf - get the draft? I mean drift? I thought so...
Great little pub with good food. Never had a bad meal here (think I have tried everything on the menu). Very friendly staff makes you feel welcome. Great specials. Just writing about this place makes me want to return for another visit.
