Great place! Carney's is the perfect place to head to for a casual dinner and drink any night of the week. The restaurant, though seems like it is an old favorite of many, has a delicious, and updated menu. The calamari is a sweet and sour take on a classic. This may not seem like a big deal, but the Caesar salad is incredible! It takes a lot for me to like a Caesar since so many fail at making a good one. Carney's is full of flavor and the croutons are delicious. Great experience here the couple times I've been both with the food and the awesome staff.
Service slow- food was cold not sure what problems was. the place was empty
Stopped by for early dinner. Food was great. Bartenders Kathy & Andy were super! Have been back a few more times. Matt & Stephanie, terrific!  It's a fun and friendly place to hang out!  The crab cakes are superb!!! Music Thurs, Friday, Saturday.  Great entertainment.
It was my first visit to Carney's.  The space itself is charming and the staff are all very friendly and efficient.  We ordered meatball sliders - they were delicious and came with a fried pickle on top of each one, a nice and delicious surprise.  We ordered the soup of the day - broccoli cheddar, and it was very good.  I ordered the Tavern sandwich - which was sliced sirloin with a side of french onion soup.  The bread was perfectly crispy, the sandwich was tasty. My other half ordered fish tacos that came with a kale slaw, greek yogurt, and a sriracha sauce. He was in love. The fries could have been crispier but overall the food was delicious! We both ordered drinks - they are in the $4 - $8 range.  Each of our entrees were reasonably priced at approximately $14/plate.  We will be back!
Second time here and a very good experience.  The owner/chef personally came out and ensured all good was great.  Top notch service, with the local competition it stands tall.
I am familiar with Carneys, both with the current and past ownership, and this place was an continues to be a go to place only because of its locale. I have friends who live nearby, within walking distance, so we go if we don't feel like driving. I have been here twice since ownership changed. My most recent visit led me to my decision to place this review. First off, the food: I ordered their version of a French dip, which was served on a decent ciabatta bread. the bread was nicely grilled, the meat was tender but the serving was a three ounce portion of meat for 13.95 with a side of fresh cut fries. potatoes are roughly 1.29 a pound to a restaurant, and beef ranges anywhere from 2.95-4.95 for sirloin. A roll like the one they used is around 75 cents a portion, cheese around 30 cents a slice. At most my dish cost them $3 to produce, which meant almost 80 percent of the cost of my dish was going into the owners pocket. This is a crazy markup and not the industry standard. The French onion soup it came with is a negligible cost, and the portion size left me anything but satiated. For a supposedly locally focused pub this is unacceptable. As was me being served the summer shandy I ordered being served in a 12 ounce pilsner glass. Not even a full pint of a low abv beer. The place was busy and understaffed for a Friday evening, but that didn't warrant the waitress only stopping by to assume we wanted more drinks or ask of there was anything else we wanted to buy. Both waitresses were seen several times cutting off customers navigating the dining room with no word of apology or attempt at giving way to people who were paying guests. I also question the health departments take on using peel and stick flooring tile on an eating surface, the tables throughout the dining room. I know that often times the adhesive harbors bacteria and the sealants used on the tile contain toxic chemicals not intended to be ingested. I also know the cut off chef pants the chef/owner were wearing violate state and local health and safety code. Seeing as he had time to spend in the dining room pouring wine, bussing tables, and speaking to family and friends I'd also not have expected a burger and sandwich to take an hour and a half to reach our table. Most of the other diners seemed oblivious or indifferent to the shortcomings. my guest and I were not. I don't expect to give them another try. Take the money you overcharge and update the interior from the original owners, stop trying to make up your profit loss by overcharging and cutting portion size, and maybe I'll try again. Until then I'll go to villago. Sorry guys.
Charming atmosphere and very attentive staff. The dessert we ordered was out and the Executive Chef came out to apologize and offer an alternative on the house. Very thoughtful choices and beautiful presentation too.
Carney's has always had great food and an excellent atmosphere.  I work very close to this establishment and have been numerous time, both before and after the recent ownership change.  My biggest issue (and was a running joke at our company) is the service is SLOW, we have been there for 90 minutes during a business lunch where the most complicated food item was a Ruben, the most complicated drink order an iced tea with lemon... I know they had start-up issues with the new ownership and I hope they have gotten over the hump as I really want them to survive.  So, a couple of positive signs:  the last two business lunches were timely, service was decent and food (as always has been), consistent if not downright tasty...have not been back for dinner with the wife since the change, but now willing to try  - the last time was a 2-hour affair that was frustrating due to the slow service... To end on a positive note, the Carney's staff was always friendly, much is still the same with the same people, the place is great, lots of history and an awesome atmosphere, Carney's has the chance to be a total diamond in the rough, so here's hoping the changes are for the good!
What a treat. Was there on a Thursday and then again a week later on a Saturday with friends. If you like great food and music then this is your place. I met Matt who is one of the owners there who plays guitar and tends bar too. Super nice guy with the kind of personality an owner should have. He was very knowledgeable of the menu and knows his way around the liquor bottles behind the bar. The four of us split two appetizers and had full dinners with salad and fresh hot bread. Steaks were perfect and scallops were like golf ball size yet tender and packed with flavor. We had mixed drinks and wine and each couple split a dessert all for a very fair price. I was here 2-3 years ago with some friends after golfing a couple times but this place went from average to superstar status since then. They also have a private banquet room for parties which we will be looking into. We're telling all our friends and family about this gem and most live in Clifton Park which is less than 10 minutes. Matt, the chef Mike and their wives really put 100% of themselves into this place and it shows. We'll be back often with more friends and family. Do yourselves a favor and get there people.
Carneys tavern , same building carneys restaurant was . Good food , relaxed atmosphere, staff is great . Great place for dinner or just to have a couple drinks at the bar, locals are very friendly and make you feel welcome .
As a local area place I wish only the best for Carney's.  There's some work to be done, however.  Things need to get kicked up a notch or other local establishments will overtake them.  I'm going to wait 6 months and try them again.  We'll see where they're at then.  Currently without a liquor license.  Hopefully when that's in place it will make a difference.
Best part is that you can walk in and feel comfortable dining at whatever "level" you want.  Enjoy a Reuben or a pizza with a draft ... There's a well laid-out informal pub food area for that kind of dining.  Or for a table of more elegance, you can be seated in an unrushed rustic setting with tables to accommodate any sized group.  I loved the seafood ravioli.  New, I think, is the lobster bisque ... Perfect.  Or if you want just a beer or cocktail or two, the bar is large, friendly, and rightly deserving of praise for its nice mixed drinks and variety of ales and beers.  Mike, the proprietor, is constantly working to refine and innovate.  I asked him where he got the idea for the lobster ravioli.  He replied, "At the traffic light at Ashdown and Blue Barn Road."  We've dined at Carney's several times, have met friends there, too, and everybody has been more than pleased with the atmosphere, the food and the service.
