In my original review, I noted the difference between the two types of pole fitness classes. Just updating to note that Pole Fitness is now taught by Maria. It's still awesome.
Love this place! The pole dancing class is getting crowded (so many enthusiasts :P), LMDC definitely needs to add more pole classes and more poles!
I'll admit that i did NOT take ballroom lessons here.  I took a "chair dancing" class where I learned the seductive art of lap dancing.  I also learned that I am as about as seductive as "Mary Catharine Gallagher" (SNL).  It was fun and a decent ab workout.  I also took a few belly dancing classes here but didn't really love the "get in touch with your internal goddess thing", but that is just me.  They also have pole dancing.   Good for a laugh and a light workout.
I started Ballroom here for about a year ago. Its a weekly activity we do as a family every week. Something I strongly suggest for all couples who are looking for a great bonding experience. I had two left feet when i started. Now i find myself spontaneously breaking out in dance in lobby's and elevators. There are many reasons i can think people take up dance in general: exercise(cardio cardio cardio), bonding experience with your mate,  as a singles activity (perhaps to find a mate),  preparation for a specific event(like a wedding), preparation for events in general, Going to clubs on weekends and want to be out on the dance floor,  confidence booster, posture improvement. balance improvement. The interesting thing is over the course of the year. i have met couples prepping for their weddings. Some people finally hitting that goal weight they had. I have seen people who started with shy and 2 left feet finally glide with ease and confidence(myself included). Iv met men and women looking for that special someone. (and many of whom did) What ever your reasons for looking into dance .. you will not be alone. Over the Course of the year I have had the chance to take classes from different instructors either them substituting or by standing in as an extra male dancer(they make an effort to make sure the classes are balance between leaders/followers (in the ballroom classes)   Lorraine (owner and head instructor) Hand picks the instructors for her studio for their each unique abilities and strengths. All of them very good and must live up to the name that is on the side of the building. Amazing troop of people. The wife has even tried out the pole and exotic classes and will testify to those classes/instructors for me. The monthly schedule changes sometimes a little bit to mix it up a bit. So if there is something specific your looking for, give them a call for a recommendation.  at times they have added classes to meet specific demands. This is another benefit from dealing with a small self owned business. They do have Dance party/Social usually the 3rd sat of every month. which will give you a sampling of free basic classes (in all styles) to try out. These party's are also great when starting off  it gives you the practice environment on a level just for you.
Pretty casual atmosphere and the instructors are pretty nice. It was fun. It seems like you need to start at the beginning of the month, otherwise you'll end up not knowing anything in a middle of the month of a class(or at least have a lot of catching up to do).
I was brought to the Lorraine Michaels Dance Center, as apparently many others were, by the Living Social offer for pole dancing. This has been something I have always wanted to learn and I was very excited to have located a class nearby. The instructors are very nice, friendly, and attentive towards those needing further instruction. While the pole dancing class was a very light workout, it was a ton of fun attempting the sultry moves and finally being able to swing around the pole. My biggest complaint is how shabby the place looked. The ceiling of my classroom was made with those drop tiles, one of which did end of dropping during class. Nonetheless, it is a pretty decent place. I would like to try some of the Latin or ballroom dancing classes as well.
nice place to learn some dance! though the room is kind of small. But i cannot complain for 25 bucks per month class from Groupon or living social deal. Such as good deal. Teachers are pretty nice and helpful.
