I love it here!  Soooo much beautiful stuff, and it's always peaceful.  The docents are amazingly helpful and knowledgeable.   The gallery is small enough so that you aren't overwhelmed, but houses an amazingly diverse collection, and their travelling exhibits in the past few years have been not necessarily in the norm, but also just fantastic. The West Wind sculpture is currently hands down my favorite thing.
Every year for my wedding anniversary I visit a museum. This year, Adam and I decided to visit this place since I have never been and the last time Adam went he was in elementary school. We got very lucky and went on a day that there was a cultural event. The admission this day was free but they were asking that if you had any cash to make a small donation, which I did. I was surprised once I got in because I did not realize how large this place was. I liked that there were many different rooms with all of the different themes. I saw on the website that you could have pictures taken there for your wedding but there are many spots that are beautiful to actually get married at. I am not too much of an art fan, most things are nice to look at and other things I just don't get. There was one piece in particular that I just didn't understand why it was worthy of the museum... It was a painted red rectangle and that is all.. I just don't get that but all well, I don't pick the art work that goes up. Whether I understood it or not, it was still nice to go see everything and all of the detail so many artists put into their work, this is such a great thing to have here in Rochester. The cultural event was a Hispanic one. It was cool to see ladies dressed up in costumes and singing and dancing. Adam and I really enjoyed ourselves here. We don't make it to museums too often but this was a good one and a perfect day to celebrate our third year of marriage.
If it's raining in Rochester or your lady friend tells you to get lost for a few hours (both of these seem to happen to me quite often), this museum is an excellent place to kill some time. It's a gorgeous building, and there are several standing exhibits with a large amount of early American art that are worth checking out. I did enjoy the current exhibit on Matisse's lesser known print works as well. If solitude is your thing, you should know that the MAG might well be the quietest museum I've ever been to. I don't think it was a fluke, either, as there is a sign as you enter the upper galleries that warns you that the lights may in fact be off, but will automatically turn on when you enter. And evidently, Thursday nights are Tapas Night, so even if you have no appreciation for the arts, at least you can eat and drink. You boorish, uncultured lout.
I don't go here enough!  MAG members get 10% discount to Aunt Rosie's (lunch only), Char at the Strathallan, the Gate House, Max of Eastman Place (lunch only), Salenas Mexican Restaurant and Tastebuds at the Gallery (Summer Hours: Wednesday-Friday 11 am-3 pm).   They have various events....exhibition preview parties (free); Thursday evenings from 5 to 8 pm for Tapas Night with live music; workshops.
The past couple visits, I've gone during Tapas Night on Thursdays (5-8pm) and then take advantage of the half price admission ($6). Tapas night includes wine and snacks from Max at the Gallery for purchase. Last Tapas night, they featured a new brewery, Climbing Bines, which was an awesome treat. They should definitely consider featuring breweries/wineries or other nearby spots for future events. It added a super cool element to the evening. There's music, the wine is good, and there's a decent variety of snacks. Although, some stretched the "tapas" spectrum... like the chicken breast offered? Not something I'd snack on. But I did enjoy the butternut squash soup and cheese/charcuterie -- drunken goat cheese is always a win in my book. I visited MAG when the Memory Theatre exhibit was installed. It maybe brought a little tear to my eye. I have an affinity for old photos. I'm always scouring through boxes of them when I visit home. It's a nice connection to the past and moments that have faded from my memory so to see the exhibit surround memories of the past was special. They also had an interactive area where people wrote out past memories on post-its to stick to the wall. My favorite part was the photo series of a photographer's grandmother, mother, and herself -- it showed the contrast between past generations of large families and today's generation of families with few or no children. The whole exhibit was emotional as it connected you to others through similar moments of the past. It was a nice moment of reflection too. Kudos to MAG for putting that together -- one of my all time favorite museum exhibits. ------ If you're a Rochester native, you really should spend some quality time here. They have a nice mix of exhibits covering a global representation of art over time. It's pretty cool to know these paintings and sculptures are accessible in our city. I personally love the Egyptian, Buddhist, and Chinese art exhibits. It brings me back to my art history days. If you have friends/family coming in from out of town, this museum is a must!
I thought this was a nice little diversion for a few hours.  The collections are quite nice and there are some particularly special pieces (one marble statue of a woman with a dress blowing in the wind was quite spectacular). Admission is $12, and you can hang your coat on a rack in front of the entrance without any checking (ah, small towns). There was even an organ player playing some beautiful music in the Baroque collection to really get you into the mood. Not a bad way to spend a morning with a good friend.
I had never been to the Gallery for a film, the film was great, the venue was decent sized but the show was projected a bit off so about 2-3 feet was above the wall, wierd.
I had a nice experience this weekend at the MAG.  It's been quite a while since I'd last been there, and it is nice to see that some things have changed, and some of my favorite pieces are still there.   A friend and I visited on a free day - there was a Latino Cultural Event going on.  It was great to see so many people at the gallery!  The organ concert was going on as well - and it was a treat to hear the Italian Baroque Organ.  Really - it's a stunning piece of artwork all by itself! I love to slowly stroll through each room, discussing the paintings.  I'm by no means an art critic, and I have no training in this realm except middle school art.... SO.  I just like to enjoy the pieces I enjoy, and puzzle over some of the others.  It's a lot of fun. And who can be disappointed with the gift shop?  Yeah, yeah, there are some pricey items, but it's definitely a great place to look for a unique gift or trinket for your newly renovated room!
The Art Gallery is small enough to enjoy on a visit. Although to really appreciate all it has to offer many visits are needed. The exhibirion is easily follow once you go through the doors. I visited on the occassion of their 100 Birthday celebration. A community outreach that gave many the opportunity to visit. They had cake for the visitors, dances(including a drum dance), face painting for the kids. I love it.
Thursday Night Tapas at the MAG. Since I could not find much info or reviews before going, I thought I share our experience/photos. As found in one other review, the Tapas was not exactly Tapas, but the selection was nice. For food they had - fried chicken, pulled pork, seafood cakes, Italian sausage ($7.00/each), side dishes of pear/gorgonzola salad, seasoned potatoes, carrots/beans, coleslaw, endive salad ($4-5/each). Everything was very tasty and plentiful. Wine for $7.00/glass. Beer was offered, but I don't know the charge for it. We sat at the tables in the atrium, listened to a wonderful cellist and guitarist. Museum entry was a separate charge/activity.  It filled up with people a little later - about 7p, but it was definitely not a real mingle with other people type of event, as I had pictured. But, it was a very nice, different place to meet with friends and enjoy the atmosphere
Whoa. Rochester...who knew? I was blessed to attend a reception at the MAG and I was so pleased with the whole experience. First of all, the UofR is so lucky to own this wonderful museum and the fact that students have access to this is really a selling feature. The museum is a great size and has lovely galleries. I particularly liked the amount of colonial and early American art. I also spent a great deal of time in the Albert Paley exhibit. This is an exhibit that will be at the MAG until June 27th, so get there if you can! He is a genius. (albertpaley.com) I was standing in awe of such unique talent and creativity that I had to be ushered out to sit for dinner. If, somehow, I happen upon gobs of money I will be commissioning him to create a gate for my mega-mansion.
I was amazed the first time I went to The MAG.  It has the art of a big city museum in Rochester, NY. There are many pieces by well known contemporary artists, and a really cool permanant display about mummies. They often get really good shows such as Salvado Dali and Georgia O' Keefe.
We visited the MAG many times when we lived in Rochester.  For a city of that size, it's a good museum.  The permanent collection has some nice pieces and there's always an interesting temporary exhibit.  We particularly looked forward to the (bi-annual) Finger Lakes Invitational exhibit.  We also attended many lovely functions at the museum and the atrium is very attractive. Two other nice aspects of the MAG:  the restaurant (in an attractive setting, with good food & good service) and the gift shop (which always has lovely items made by local & regional artisans).  The people who work in the gift shop are very friendly, too.
My friend and I checked out the Memorial Art Gallery this weekend when I was in Rochester for a visit. They are hosting two exhibitions currently... "GlassWear: Glass in Contemporary Jewelry" and "A Unity of Opposites: Recent Work of Michael Taylor" I was really impressed with the gallery as a whole. It's small but they have a good representation of works. I'm used to going to the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA) which is a much larger museum. Both exhibitions were good... They are also showing "Protected for Eternity" which featured a mummy and a sarcophagus. Not bad price wise either. $10 for Adults; $6 for student w/ ID.
As someone who would like to support Rochester arts as much as possible, it's very disappointing to see the sculpture installation at Goodman and University.  In short, it is a reason to drive down East or Alexander instead, even if just passing through the neighborhood.   Once inside, visitors might find more than expected from the MAG.  It has a peculiar layout but usually a few points of interest.  Unfortunately it does not seem to blend well with its host community, maybe that is why the horrible sculptures are so off-putting- literally driving people away. Here's a better suggestion: head over to the Albright Knox in Buffalo.  Over decades it has cultivated a great and highly-focused emphasis on contemporary art.   It's always been worth the trip, seeing new work that might otherwise require a trip to London or NYC.
The Memorial Art Gallery should be high on your list if you're visiting Rochester. And even higher if you've lived here for many years and have just never been. I'm not going to tell you that you'll definitely fall in love with it because, let's be honest, museums really aren't for everyone, especially not art museums. But if you're a person who enjoys aesthetically pleasing things, appreciates history and has a contemplative side, you will definitely enjoy yourself here. My favorite way to enjoy the MAG is alone. When it's quiet. The building itself is an architectural masterpiece and reminds me of the light and ornamentation that abounds in the Gardner museum in Boston (awesome!). As you enter, you'll be met immediately by an indoor courtyard flooded with light, a greeting that instantly elicits feelings of tranquility. The museum has a permanent collection of which I'll never tire. Personal favorites are The Chimney Boy, a cherub-faced smoking boy of 8 or 9 whose rosy cheeks do little to mitigate the reality of his harsh life; paintings from the Civil War battlefronts and busts of Lincoln; a painting of Rochester's downtown over the Genesee River that looks strikingly like Ponte Vecchio in Florence; a tavern scene in the Dutch style upstairs; gorgeous white flowing laundry being wrung and hung in the countryside of Framce; a 1940s bar scene featuring a married couple and a woman whose stare is so vacant and detached you can't help but wonder what has made her so unhappy. The pieces here at the MAG have been carefully curated to take visitors on a journey through world and American history; through the history of rural and western NY; through the history of Rochester. Wandering through the silent and cavernous halls, I feel enveloped in something greater than me and my problems becomes diminutive - I feel like I am part of humanity and a bigger picture, and this is what you want to appreciate when you visit a museum. You want to gain a new view, a new slant, a new way of thinking about things. You want to reflect on the accomplishments of others who went before you and feel inspired to make your own mark on this world in some way. In addition to the permanent exhibit, the gallery always has seasonal changing exhibits that are intriguing and well worth the time. The gift shop is also a lovely little place. In short, this is a perfect place to go to get out of your head and be inspired. It's big enough to be impressive and small enough to savor each piece.
The Memorial Art Gallery (or "MAG" as they call it) located on the college campus of the prestigious U of R, is an impressive collection of art on a level with larger museums in much bigger cities.  I was truly surprised at the amount and quality of the pieces.  Paintings by artists such as Georgia O'Keeffe, Monet, Matisse, Grandma Moses, Norman Rockwell, Cézanne and many others were revealed as we explored the rambling labyrinth of galleries.  The museum wasn't crowded, which afforded us the opportunity to take in each piece for as long as we liked. If you appreciate great art, you will enjoy a visit to the MAG. This is how a museum experience should be.
I'm morally obligated to favorably rate any gallery with an Ad Reinhardt on view, but for the most part their collection is pretty boring. The Antiquities collection is pretty sweet, as are the period-décor galleries, but the contemporary collection is lacking severely. The Finger Lakes show was on display when I went in and it was surprisingly good, though I regularly see better stuff in smaller galleries. I think the MAG's heart is just not in it; they have what they want and that's it.
Wonderful way to spend the afternoon! A solid collection of interesting pieces from many different periods, making each turn around the corner a surprise as to what you'd find. For $20 admission for two adults, it can't be beat. Just wish we had allotted more time to visit the entire gallery.
This is a beautiful art space with some very remarkable pieces and exhibits. The major turn off, though, is the fact that MAG is not very pedestrian-friendly.  While in town (I am from Rochester originally, but currently live in New York City), I was without a car to drive around in.  I stayed at the Hyatt, which was only a 20 minute walk to MAG...however, I nearly slipped and fell and cracked my hip about 10 times in front of MAG because they don't shovel/snow blow their sidewalk.  Shame on you...
A few days ago,I spent a day and a half enjoying fine works of art at a leisurely pace at this fine less heralded art museum.I appreciated its fine,but not comprehensive collection of European paintings.Nevertheless,I saw especially fine paintings by;Master of the Urbino Coronation,Giovanni Dei Biondo,El Greco,Paul Vredeman de Vries,Jan Steen,Jean Leprince,Jean Leon Gerome,Claude Monet,Paul Cezanne,Frits Thaulow,and Paul Cezanne.I also enjoyed their collection of American paintings,especially relishing their paintings by;John Sloan,Jonas Lie,Georgia O'Keefe,Milton Avery,and Devorah Sperber(thread oicture-"After American Gothic").I liked their sculptings by Gaston Lachaise.The works at the Biennial were good,but the permanent collection was better.This museum has a huge Italian organ that is used at times to play beautiful Baroque Music.This art museum is open on Wednesdays,,Fridays,Saturdays,and Sundays  from 11 to 5 PM.It has longer hours on Thursdays.
