Not sure what you can really say bad about this place. It's a Belgian style craft beer bar that's dimly lit to enhance the mood. The most important thing: the beer. They have a huge chalkboard behind the bar that lists a ridiculous amount of different beers, all of great quality and variety. Occasionally they post it's picture on their Facebook page so people know exactly what's on and freshly tapped. Prices are reasonable, and flights are a great way to taste a number of high quality beers. The atmosphere is really great. They have some outdoor seating, some bar seats, and even have old pews to give a super Euro-church vibe. The food and waitstaff seem to be excellent as well, so I don't see why you wouldn't check this place out. Especially if you're in Schenectady, where not much else is poppin' off.
I would give this place 5 stars if I were basing my review on their beer selection/menu. They have a great assortment of beers and the staff member was able to talk about them with ease. The food was fine. I had a burger and it was okay, the fries were greasy. The interior is nice and the atmosphere is pleasant. Others in my party enjoyed their food, but the beer was the highlight of the meal.
What a find! With a classy interior and front porch, this is great for a group to grab a beer off tap or an easy afternoon off. Service is spectacular and the food is delish. If you save enough room for dessert, then order one dish for three people! Try the chicken sandwhich and chicken tenders, with frittes on the side.
Beer lovers! Get here! The fries are delicious and the atmosphere is so awesome! There are a lot of different options for beers along as sizes! Menu is not huge but everything is really really done well. So fun! Outside seating too.
I have been to this place 4 or 5 times. The last time I went will be my last. What kept me coming back is their better than average bar food and their excellent variety of ever changing beers. What will keep me from going back is the unbelievably rude service! This last time was the straw that broke the camel's back. My date and I ordered 5, 4oz sample beers. The waitress was very confused as to which was which when she brought them to us. We had asked for clarification after a few minutes of guessing. She was immediately defensive. One thing lead to another (her going back to re-pour to "prove" that she was right the first time) until she finally told us that we were personally attacking her and that she has worked there for a long time and knew her beers. After we were told we were attacking her, we found the manager and explained the situation. She was apologetic. The rude waitress saw us talking to the manager and came over with her hands on her hips smirking at us, ready to defend herself. It does not matter who was right or wrong. She treated us so rudely. Will not be going back because of this.
One of my favorite restaurants in the area that is consistently good. All varieties of their mussel are delicious, the abbey burger - cooked a perfect MR as I ask- is flavorful and hearty and their chicken sandwich is moist and filling. But the beer!  Great selection poured just right and a knowledgeable staff to help you select the perfect brew.
So yeah this is the BEST beer selection in the Capital Region. Bar none.   Everyone of their craft beers aren't just randomly offered, they are definitely picked for the season and for outstanding quality.   There was something like 30 beers on tap, and I don't think you could go wrong selecting any of them.  Clean lines, proper sized glass, and served at the correct temperature. This is a beer lover's paradise. Tried some of the food.  Had a good Pastrami on French bread (9.99) and great fries (+2 bucks). It still is a little expensive for what it is; however, sitting outside on the front patio with some amazing beer I can't find anywhere else, earns The Bier Abbey that extra star. I will be back soon.
If you like a wide variety of awesome beer this is the place. You will find only high quality beers and food. It makes me thirsty just writing this review. Great service.
High marks for beer selection, although it must be said that lots of beer is not as important as which beer styles  are represented and how good the representatives are compared with others in the same style.  These choices  at the beer abbey were interesting but some were not good.  Tough floor plan, like a waitresses nightmare.   Mussels good, but overpriced as always. Better outside than inside in my opinion.
Great beer selection (30) , very good food; incredible server! Only my second visit, but looking forward to next time.
Finally, a place with great food AND a quality beer selection in Schenectady! I have been to Beir Abey many rimes in thr past few months and I have always enjoyed myself, felt very welcome, and received excellent service. They offer a fairly small menu, but everything on it is executed perfectly. When I want something on the lighter side, I usually go with the chicken sandwich (not your average boring chicken sandwich) or the garden salad with chicken thighs (which is appropriately dressed in a homemade balsamic). When I want something more substantial, I typcially go with a burger or the pastrami sandwich (both of which come on a fresh, delicious roll). What to say about the beer. The selection of beer is constantly rotating and they always offer something for any beer drinker, from the biggest hop-head to the casual lager drinker.
Good (and eclectic) beer selection and a great burger
Love this spot. Love the building. Love the decor. Love the lighting and feel inside. Very informal . Attention to detail. They keep beer the right temperatures. The food is very solid. I split a salad, had some french onion and a massive burger. Wonderful beer and my server was kind enough to bring me a taste of one i hadn't tried. A recommendation for the future, don't be shy and ask for a taste. If you haven't had the beer before, taste it first. The person I was with ordered a very strange style beer which we both though was going to be more like a framboise. Turns out the beer was very thick and tasted much like cough syrup. This is due to the intense natural cherry they put into the beer. I can see how someone may like this style, but neither of us did. As we didn't taste it before ordering, we at 10.50 on a pint of this beer. Our server told us it was a beer that was very much either loved or hated when she came back and ordered a different one, but that would have been good information before we ordered it. If you are a beer person this is the spot to check out. Make sure to try some of their food. The menu is simple, but what they put out is spot on.
Awesome food. Even better beer selection. Very friendly staff. If I opened a bar, I would copy their model.
Had my second meal here this evening.  The positives:  I really like the decor and environment...very old school...some tables have old pews for bench seating.  If beer is your thing they have about 30 different kinds on tap. The food is good and the servers are friendly and efficient.  The negatives: although the food is good it 's way too pricey.  The Abbey Chicken Sandwich I ordered comes with a side of fries but I asked to substitute for a vegetable which the server readily accommodated. She served cooked spinach with my sandwich.  The spinach was nothing special and certainly not at all worth the $5 extra I was charged. So, I didn't get fries with my sandwich but paid for them and was charged extra for ok/bland vegetables.  I was charged $25 (including tax and tip) for a chicken sandwich, vegetables and a beverage....yikes!  Bier Abbey is cool, but not that cool.
This will be an interesting review.... This was my second time coming here. The first time I came with my mom, we sat outside in the summer, and it was great. Last night I went with some coworkers to celebrate a new job and it was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant before. We got beers at the bar and then sat at a table to get some dinner. Chris, the waiter/busboy/whatever he was, was cleaning off some tables and didn't stop over to ask if we wanted anything, not even a menu. So we asked him. He came over and took our order with so much attitude and rudeness I can't even believe I was talked to like that by a waiter. He was obviously not looking for a tip. When he left, my friend and I mentioned to ourselves how rude he was. He turned around and said, "What was that?!" My friend said back, "Thank you." And he bantered back with, "Is that what you really said though?" My mind was blown after that. I've never been treated so poorly before. After that, we cancelled our food order because we wanted nothing to do with him. The owner (I think he was the owner) ended up talking to the kid and hopefully reprimanding him. He said he was surprised because he is one of his best guys. That was clearly not the case last night. The owner alleviated the situation very well and felt very bad. But I still never want to go back if that kid (Chris) still works there.
Great choice of beers, excellent food, yummy "Belgian frites", great decor, good service. Loved the place! I wish I had it closer to home (Boston)
This is an updated review based on more recent experiences. The food has become consistently good, and the service is improving. It seems the growing pains are beginning to work themselves out? Here's hoping! My date and I ordered the steak special, and not only was actually medium rare, as requested (which is harder and harder to find these days), but it was neither greasy nor salty, and the frites were (as always) right on. The beer list is never even a question...it's always stellar.
Visited on a Thursday night with a party of 8.  We waited 20 minutes for a long table in the back room dining area which has old church pews for seating.  Very cool atmosphere. Beer is taken seriously here with an amazing selection of microbrews and imports on tap along with wrought iron beer label art on the walls.  Bonus points for the specialty glassware used for each beer.   Service was top notch.  Our waiter was patient as our table of out-of-towners made special requests for vegetarian entrees and grilled cheese.  This prompted a couple of trips to the table by Chef Ryan who consulted on each request and delivered creative dishes to satisfy our needs.   Overall, the beer and service were amazing and the food was good.
Ah I wish that I hadn't found this bar right before I left the state. This place is absolutely incredible. It has around 30 or more beers on TAP, all that are labeled with the correct glass to pour them in. Also the guy running the bar knows his shit, he can tell you about every beer, and a lot about each of the companies. Also if you aren't sure what you want, feel free to ask they are extremely helpful (at least at 4pm on a Tuesday when I usually go haha I'm not sure what it's like on a Friday night) Price wise I've gotten beer deals on craft beers, but I've also gotten worse.The prices are reasonable, although I know where I can get cheaper..but not in Schenectady. So theres that. Note: I didn't eat them, but there are WAFFLES on the bar menu. I wish I could give it an extra star just for that.
The husband and I came to the Bier Abbey in Schenectady, NY to get some 120 Minute from Dogfish Head on tap.  We only stepped inside briefly and then returned outside to sit on the patio since it was a nice evening.  We were waiting on my brother-in-law and the server was extremely patient while we waited.  We ordered some fries to keep us from starving during the wait and boy were they good.  You get to pick which sauces you want.  Awesome. After a while my brother-in-law texted us and let us know he wouldn't be able to make it after all.  We proceeded to order some dinner.  The husband had a burger which he very much enjoyed.  I went with the chicken strips.  OMG, they may be the best "grown-up" chicken strips I've ever had.  The breading was just delightful.  The chicken was real meat, not overly processed crap.  The food was great and reasonably priced. After dinner we treated ourselves to some dessert - chocolate cake with ice cream.  It was delicious.  We fought over it.  And had we not been sitting outside with people around, I think we would have literally licked the plate clean.   They have a great beer selection, as implied in their name.  They keep their facebook pretty up to date with what's on tap for the day and it's always a nice variety.  We didn't ask a lot of questions, but the table next to us had a million about the beers and the staff seemed quite knowledgeable.  Definitely a place to check out.
Let me tell you the other side of stopping by here. I was here with a friend at about five on a summer weeknight.  There was some room at the bar and there were customers sitting at table outside.  We were taking in the offering board and the beer list when the "beerister" (my term) began to give a live stage show about himself, the menu and the beer.  I told him thank you, but we needed a few minutes to look at the menus.  He kept going.  I told him thanks and he wouldn't stop.  When he got done, we went back to what we were doing. He came back and began again. We ordered a few tasters. Two minutes after delivering them, he started again. We drank them, paid and left and will never return. We went next door to Marottas and had a great Italian dinner with draft beer. I will NEVER return. Pathetic egotistical bozos.
Such a simple review to write. Beer Selection- out of this world Food- Have had wings, fries, and the waffle here... all very good.  The sweet sauce is something else Atmosphere- relaxed, upscale without being snoby or pretentious Staff- a little green but so much heart.  have a question, it may not get answered instantly, but no run around, you will be helped and left smiling. if you love real beer, a must!  A great night out!
I went back to the Bier Abbey for dinner and a couple of drinks.  Service was very good, even though I selected to go during the same time that the Schenectady Chamber of Commerce was hosting a mixer at the Bier Abbey.  That was a plus. It appeared that the Bier Abbey has expanded their food menu, which now features a few more sandwiches, some new entrees and whatnot.  As someone who is open to the idea of having different menu options to go along with my beer, I thought that this was a good addition to what the Bier Abbey has to offer. As for the beer, the Bier Abbey continues to have a rotating stock of beer choices on their menu.  I tried a Winter Solstice beer, which came from a California brewery, and it was worth the trip.  I also tried a Last Chance, which is a very, very hoppy IPA.  A little too much in the way of hops for me, but certainly something that I will not hold against the good folks who run the Bier Abbey.  A nice bonus that I didn't notice during my first trip to the Bier Abbey was that they are able to see beer in 4 ounce glasses, so if you want a taste of a beer, but not sure if you want to commit to a larger pint of beer, you now have that choice. I'll be back.
The beer selection is staggeringly awesome.  I don't even like beer, but I actually found something I enjoyed each time I've been. The food and service is a mixed bag. My first trip there was a Friday night after work, and the place was PACKED. The 3 of us sat in the barstool table area, but when our party grew to 6, they moved us to a booth that had just opened up. Despite the craziness, our server was awesome. He was knowledgeable about the beer selection without being snobby or preachy. The food and drinks came out quickly, and the wings and spinach salad were very good.  They didn't rush us out of there even though there were lots of people clearly waiting for a table. The second time was a completely different experience. It was a Tuesday night, and the place was empty. We were one of 3 occupied tables in the back. Our server was sweet, but didn't know anything about the menu or beer selection.  The food and service were fast, but my chicken sandwich was bland (the menu said marinated?) and burnt.  Luckily there are multiple condiments at every table.   I'll probably come back for drinks and wings/dessert -- the Belgian waffles looked delicious -- but I'll skip the main entrees.
I think it's high time I move up to 5 stars, even if only based upon consistency. Once again we were back at the Bier Abbey to explore more beers that we'd never had and to taste more of their menu.  My wife ordered a basic Cheese Burger ($7.50) medium rare with fries.  It was cooked perfectly.  I decided to try the Abbey Chicken Sandwich ($6.50) with fries after hearing other reviewers recommend it.  They were spot on!  This chicken sandwich is nice and moist and flavorful.  I was told that the reason for this is that they don't use breast meat, they use thigh meat which they marinate in several different beers.  I'll highly recommend it also.  Service at the bar continues to be exceptional.  The bartender Jeremy is quite knowledgeable and willing to answer any questions you may have. Today's beers that we tried were: Dutches de Bourgogne (a Flemish Red) $8.50/8.5 oz.; $4/4 oz.  6%abv Talented Mr. Orangutan (American Imperial Stout from Denmark) $9/8.5 oz.; $4.5/4 oz.  5.8%abv Lil' B (Imperial Porter) $8/8.5 oz.; $4/4 oz.  11.5abv Dogfish Head Punkin (brown ale) $6/16 oz; $2.50/4 oz. 7%abv The first two beers were a perfect match for our food.  The second two were perfect for simply sitting back with a relaxing conversation.
Good service. Loved the beer selection. Abbey burger was pretty good other then it being a bit more rare than I had asked for. Waiter never brought us waters. Those are my only two complaints, other then that I would recommend it to anyone in the area.
Quaint, vintage, great charisma... a bit pricey for the brewskies, but they are unique, have great variety, the bartenders are quite knowledgable and local.... so you are getting what you pay for. I don't imagine this is for everyone, as one must enjoy their microbrews quite a lot, but... they even have the kegs/taps at different temperatures in order to match and promote the individual beers tastes and your palate....
This is the MIT of Beer education, as well as just a super fun and interesting place. All you need to know is that they have multiple coolers, set to different temperatures to accommodate their varying styles of beer they serve.   Spencer and George are some of the most knowledgeable restauranteurs i've ever met, and their well curated list has one of the most interesting and obscure belgian+craft beers that i've ever seen. Good on ya.
The Bier Abbey Server:  Michael Table: 3 Guests I've come here a couple times since they opened up last year. It's a great place to try different beers and get some pub food. The following are out of 5 Points. * (5) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. Great service. Michael was on point with our needs and even though the place was very busy the food and drinks came out in a timely manner. * (4) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. Décor speaks "Abbey", it has pews as their chairs in the one room. Interesting artwork on the walls, and if the music is too loud and you ask them to turn it down. -They will turn it down! * (5) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks We enter a limited menu. However, even though it is limited you're going to find something that you will want to eat. We shared a plate of mussels which were cooked in a spicy red sauce. I also went for the Bier Abbey Onion Soup, and this soup was slamming. No instant packets here!  For entrée I got their Veggie Sandwich which was pretty damn good, the sandwiches can come with "Frites" which are your typical fries however they fresh cut them here. For dessert I got the Stout Cake Sunday which comes with ice cream and homemade berry compote. The compote was a little too tart for my tastes but everything else with dessert was excellent. The "Bier" descriptions are what you have to pay attention to since they will tell you how your taste buds will perceive the beer. I got the Mortis and Kroovy. The Mortis which made me think I was going to get this BLACK "Bier" with skulls floating out of it; however I get a clear beer that has this twisting flavor to it. The Kroovy was delicious with its caramel malt. * (5) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) You definitely get what you pay for here, you almost feel as if you're paying too little.   * (4) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. It's pub food, yet the food does come out with its own beauty. From an on looker the staff would appear unknown. The secret is they're all wearing the breweries t-shirts that are being served at the Abbey. Overall Score: 23/25
Love it here. Beer selection is great always. The loaded fries, abbey burger and the chicken tenders are all awesome.  Cant wait to go back!
Great spot in Schenectady...  Very big beer selection and even has some Gluten Free options for individuals who have allergies.  I was pleased.  A bit pricey but worth it once and a while.  The cheese plate was a wonderful addition to my beer.  Cheeses change all the time and the chef came out and explained them to us as we didn't know what they all were.
I've stopped by the Bier Abbey about 5 times now, and have had a good experience every time. The servers have been friendly and knowledgeable about the beer, which they have a great selection of that changes pretty regularly. Yes the beers are more expensive than standard selections, but that's kind of the point... they aren't standard. Lots of small batch offerings and less common imports that you won't find at a $2 happy hour. I tried the mussels and frittes... the mussels were in a tasty tomato-based broth that was soaked up by the toasted bread that came on the side. Good variety of dipping sauces for the frittes. There's a nice patio out front for the warm weather.
Great beer selection, friendly service, comfortable bar, very cool sunken back room with huge TV for sports.  Meet and Cheese plates very good.  Definitely worth a visit.
Visited here two weekends ago with girlfriends and was thrilled with this mighty fine establishment.  Good food, great, friendly & knowledgeable staff, and amazing beer!  I loved the vast selection of beers and the fact that they serve 4, 8, and 16oz sizes.  The 4oz sizes are perfect for sampling and Dan, the manager was awesome at helping you choose.  Will definitely be returning.
I'm not a beer "snob" -- a nice cold PBR is fine by me. But this place is awesome. Such a good selection of craft beer (and the selection changes regularly). Great atmosphere, great staff, super delicious food. They serve the beer in 4 oz and 8 oz sizes, which is great- with the 4 oz. you can try several different beers and discover new favorites. I highly recommend the St. Bernardous, the Coney Island Albino Python and the Sly Fox Oktoberfest. I won't rehash the other reviews. I'll just say that it has become one of my favorite places in the 518 and I highly recommend it.
I came in friday night with a party of 10 and was greeted right away. They told us we had about a 30 minute wait, which was expected. Due to the set up of the place, it was really awkward to wait inside, even though it was 32 degrees outside. A few of us attempted to go to the bar but due to the unavailability of an atm, only a couple of us decided to grab a beer. We couldn't find somewhere to stand so we went back towards the dining room and stood in what we thought was a vacant area. More than a few waitresses asked if we needed a seat and we told them that we were waiting for one. We saw one of the larger tables open up and asked if we could sit there. The hostess (who might I add was incredibly snotty) said we could but it just needed to be cleaned up. So we sat and waited for them to clean the table up and give us menus. It took us almost 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us. Finally a waitress arrived and didn't notice we didn't have menus. She didn't wipe the table down but brought us some beer and food menus. A few of us ordered beers, and then shortly after we ordered food. The main reason I gave this place 3 stars is because of the food. Other than the food and the beer, the service is terrible. We're pretty laid back people and usually hang out in small dive bars in Albany or Saratoga but we do love the food here so we will come periodically. Honestly my biggest issue was the hostess being so snotty to us, and the waitstaff getting annoyed with us waiting inside, even though their bar is so small you can barely hang out in there. Also, not a single person in the place has a sense of humor. To be honest I'm not sure if we'll be back.
Serendipity. That's the only way to explain stumbling across this great bar/restaurant as we were dropping our daughter off at camp at Union College in Schenectady, NY. A warm atmosphere, very friendly and helpful staff, and an obvious passion for excellent beers, as evidenced by their impressive beer menu (careful...some are VERY strong, not to mention pricey). The food was quite good, too...kind of upscale pub food. A great place...glad we found it!
The pumpkin beer is scrumptious and an impeccable cheese plate to pair. Wonderful atmosphere and extremely friendly staff.
Stopped in this incredible little Pub/restaurant on my way to a wedding. First off they have such a great variety of draft beers and to top it off great food too. I live in Pittsburgh but would consider making the trip here again just for the food and atmosphere. If you get a chance at choosing your server make sure you ask for Nick! He made some great recomendations and he seemed like one of your friends opposed to just someone doing his or her job.
I brought a client to the bier abbey. Great food and beer selection. We met the owner who was very passionate and informative. The beer is appropriately price for the quality. This evening was a pleasant surprise!
My wife and I stopped at the Bier Abbey on a road trip this past holiday season. We were lucky enough to order the house Cesar salad, which features a locally sourced sheep's milk cheese and fresh rosemary. We live in a fishing village North of Boston. The house Cesar from our favorite local restaurant tastes of ocean -- salt and fish and a crispness that reminds you of a December afternoon in New England. And I was under the impression that that's how all Ceasar salads were supposed to taste. The Cesar at Bier Abby, was equally compelling in a completely different way. Funky and earthy, it gives a little glimpse at the highlights of living in central New York. It's pretty wonderful when food can do that. So, yeah, for any travelers, the Bier Abby is definitely worth a stop.
Good atmosphere and 30 beers on tap - most of which I've never heard of. Many appear to be European, which is probably why I've not heard of them.
This is Nirvana for beer drinkers. Deserves 5 stars even before they start serving food.
I had heard good things about this place but needless to say I will never be going back. People were extremely rude and service was slow. I felt unwanted and uncomfortable the entire time I was there. Plus, the beer selection was all over the place... Having lots of beer choices doesn't mean that half of them have to be crap. Unless you're a local with nothing to do but drink and smoke, don't go.
Love the abbey. Décor is sparse yet pleasantly monastic with the main decorations being custom beer related works of art. Seating varies from church pews to high tops. Staff is as attentive as you want them to be. If you need advice as to which of their current 30 beers would suit your tastes they will be happy to talk to you to identify which styles you like and give examples of that style from their menu. If you know what you want and want to consume a few with friends while only being interrupted for a refill they are happy to oblige. They have 30 beers on tap and the best part is there is no BMC (Bud, Miller, Coors) to be found. The beers are constantly changing with one or two exceptions (they always seem to have Kwak). They have some seasonal beers as well as rare and hard to find beers from around the world. They offer small 4oz. pours so if you want to try more than a couple you are able to do so. They also try to serve the beer at the proper temperature for the style and in the proper glassware. While the beer is the star of the show here the food is great as well. The chef uses fresh ingredients and makes things from scratch, using beer in some recipes where appropriate. Menu has been recently expanded to offer salads and steaks along with the burgers, wings, chicken tenders and sandwiches. The fries are addicting (ask for the ancho-mayo for dipping). If you like good beer and good food go here.
Just shy of five stares and that's because the day i went service was sooo slow. I ordered the fish fry and it was great so good i went back the next day for dinner and ordered a burger and it was seasoned to perfection. If you haven't eaten here you must give it a shot.
Finally wandered to Schenectady to see if all the hoopla about this place was real.  We were seated fairly quickly after one drink at the bar.  ( more about that in a minute)  The beer selections are as good as they get around this town.  I don't really think the prices are out of line for microbrews served appropriately.   Waitstaff at our table was attentive and quite helpful. Our 4 meals were fine; a blend of apps and a  couple of hot sandwiches - my understanding is that a new chef has been making some positive changes and it showed Saturday night.  Solid mussel dishes as well as frites with a variety of sauces should not be missed.  A few ok vegetarian options too.   Waffle dessert should not be missed- with a good dessert beer.    Our only negative experience came while at the bar-  a rather snobby and unfriendly bartender that evening. ( and NO he was not too busy)  There is no  fine line between beer snobbery and a willingness to discuss or merely suggest  beer options with your customers.   We apparently were not cool enough to even bother saying thank you to after leaving a fairly generous tip as well.  ( what can I say - we were in the business)   Yes, the beer selections are wonderful and the atmosphere brings another positive note to the lower Union area.  We will most likely return but will avoid the bar area unless things seem a little bit more welcoming there.
Outstanding craft beer selection on tap, with beers from all over the world. (It would be nice if they added some more local beers.) They actually take care to serve each beer at the right temperature. The menu wasn't extensive, but there were plenty of options and they were willing to do a special veggie sandwich. If you like good beer, this is definitely a place to seek out.
Unbelievable selection of beers at fair prices. The food menu is short which i think is in their favor. Good pub style choices to compliment a good brew.
Been several times, and a pretty impressive selection of beers (however, they could use more foreign beers, besides the stronger Belgian Abbey Ales). Not a big fan of the atmosphere, but as time goes on, this may improve.
The many beers on offer are primarily international and, if domestic, from small craft breweries. This is good in theory, but in practice the selection will appeal to palates that prefer perfumed Belgian beers, ales with a strong aftertaste (à la Indian Pale Ale), and bitter continental Pilsners (à la Heineken). What is worse (from my corrupted American perspective), they serve the beers at the recommended temperatures, i.e., rather warm, rather than ice cold. When I visit the Bier Abbey with my beer-snob friends (who can't get enough of the ales and Belgians), I look for something cold and German, preferably bock (and thus a little sweeter than a Pilsner, but without Belgian perfume). The food is tasty and hearty. No complaints on this score. If, however, you want a beer, but no food, they won't serve you at the tables (even if it is not busy), and it can be almost impossible to get the bartender's attention, especially if he's involved in a conversation, which he invariably is, with some regular who wants to discuss the flavors of six or seven samples before making his next choice. One might compare waiting for stamps in a post office that has one counter open, and one finds oneself behind a family of six, who have arrived to apply for passports... Such experiences can be frustrating and incredibly annoying. I thus highly recommend accepting the menu, no matter how little hunger you have. Order a token appetizer, and tell the waiter you need to figure out how hungry you are before ordering a meal. Then order your beer. Otherwise, you may not be served at all!
