Tons of vegan and vegetarian options, reasonable prices, and quick and friendly service. The owner is very sociable, and happy to personally make you whatever you'd like. There are free live events going on almost every night, including music, dance, art, and other performances. The food is usually pretty good. I've had really amazing sandwiches here a few times, and once or twice I've gotten something that was pretty good, but not exactly what I was hoping for, and a few of their meals are on the smaller side. Even then, it's still pretty great! We stop in every so often, and I'd definitely recommend trying them out!
Little, intimate, live music EVERY NIGHT, great and extensive menu ranging from vegan smoothies all the way to burritos... all made fresh to order in a small little kitchen prep area behind the counter. It's these types of places that keep me interested and coming back to schenectady... everything else sucks because people care more about what the places LOOKS like than for what it has to offer. Definitely a favorite hangout spot of mine.. The only reason it's 4 not 5 stars is that the coffee is usually luke warm, and this is definitely a place that can get a little crammed.
Not far from where Joyce Carol Oates found influence for her stories full of odd characters is the Moon and River Cafe. On the day I visited, I found the owner and his one sever to to be similar to characters in a short story that is unresolved at the end and makes you feel uncomfortable without knowing exactly why. Kitchen tables and mis-matched chairs are scattered around and old street-front store. There seems to be no real kitchen or prep area, as items are made behind a counter at the rear of the space. Walls are lined with book shelves, an old, worn out couch, and art from a local artist. Book shelves have books and a mixture of unusual items on them, all just thrown together haphazardly. Next to the books (some for sale) are items like the canned ingredients to be used for meals and a bottle of Prell shampoo. Really. The space seems somewhat dirty or perhaps just dingy. It was awkwardly quiet, with no background music. The owner and the server were polite and informative. I'm not sure if the server was new or just slow at processing and moving. He seemed very unsure of what he was doing. The menu is large and includes items with meat, without meat, and vegan. I ordered a vegan burrito and received a tortilla with a smear of refried bean paste in it. Two others with me had hummus and olive tapenade. All the food was moderately tasty. There is parking on the street and they do not accept credit cards. A flyer indicates that there is live music of some sort every day. I walked out thinking, "that was odd", but at the same time thought it was an interesting experience. I won't rush back there, but I would encourage anyone who wants an unusual experience to check it out.
I agree with other Yelpers - this place is hard to rate!  short story: The funky eclectic decor and menu full of vegan and vegetarian options is DEFINITELY worth 5 stars. The food is really what brings me down to that 3 star review! When you walk in you truly feel like you just arrived at your neighbors house for some chit chatting over snacks and tea.  The set up is cozy, with a mismatch of kitchen tables and chairs, a few couches and big arm chairs perfect for reading a book or hanging out with friends.  There is also a shelf full of games and puzzles tucked into the corner, encouraging patrons to linger.   The food is just a notch above simple, but with a menu which overflows with Vegetarian and Vegan options.  The food is decent, but the portions small, and the prices a bit much for what you get.  We started by splitting a hummus platter which we both felt pretty "meh." about.  For my main course I ordered the "California" sandwich, which was delicious avocado, tomato, cheese and a smear of mayo on a hearty grained bread.  My sandwich was nothing extra ordinary, but it REALLY hit the spot.  It reminded me of a sandwich I used to order at the Wingra cafe at Edgewood College. Love that nostalgia of the taste buds! There is live music every single day starting at 8:00 PM and there is ALWAYS something to look at and someone to talk to at the Moon & River.
My husband and I found this place while visiting Schenectady and searching Yelp for a vegan place to eat. The owner is so sweet and I really enjoyed the cozy ambiance. My husband had the vegan cinnamon French toast and I has the breakfast tofu scramble. Both were really delicious with fabulous flavor! We also had hashbrowns which were pretty standard. We were so grateful to have found a vegan restaurant in Schenectady!
It's hard to rate this place. It's definitely artsy funky, eclectic. It kind of feels like you'e walking into someones sloppy apartment when you go in....only there are some tables so...it's run by an old hippy who will want to chat you up. There's some pretty cool art in there. Particularly Alex Acevedos stuff, I ended up buying a print of one of his paintings. So, the ambiance is really weird...and interesting I guess. The food...was kinda gross and the drinking glass was icky. Cash only. So to sum it up, this place is worth going to at least once to "experience" it, because it makes for some funny stories but I wouldn't make it a regular thing, cuz it's kinda icky. Sorry hippy dude. :) Oh, another upside, they have some vegan and gluten free options...if you're desperate for a meal.
Located in Schenectady's historic Stockade district, the Moon and River Cafe is a little different than most of the food places I've tried, especially around the Capital Region.  It bills itself as a cafe and coffeehouse, and even has live music every single day.  It's a cozy and eclectic place that serves a lot of vegan and vegetarian fare (but not limited to that), complete with second hand furniture, and remember to bring cash, since they don't take credit cards. As for me, I decided to come here after reading that the cafe has some Mexican style dishes.  So I ordered a couple of bean tacos, which were actually a lot like tostadas on a hard shell.  The food was decent, but a little more expensive than I'd like for the meal I had.  But don't fret, they have a big mix of different menu items, some which are quite less expensive, plus coffee is only a buck! I decided to give the restaurant a 4 star review because of it's uniqueness.
Moon & River is very eclectic in appearance with an extensive menu of vegetarian and vegan offerings. We stopped in for Sunday brunch on our way back home from Saratoga Springs. Though Schenectady seems like a very quiet and mostly closed place on a Sunday we were fortunate to find Moon & River open and happily serving. Our server M was very sweet and efficient. I had the vegan enchilada and an iced tea. While it was a little salty, the enchilada not the tea!, it was still AOK. I liked the avocado on top which was warmed by the heat of the enchilada and made it kinda sexy! The decor is very homey if your home is a little hodge podgy, warm and welcoming. We are glad we deviated off 87 to give them a go for some very acceptable eats in a unique and OOAK environment. youtube.com/watch?v=tsAf…
The Moon and River Cafe is tough to describe.  It bills itself as an "evening coffeehouse with light vegetarian fare" but it's really much more than that. The food is great, the customers and staff are friendly, and the cafe itself is the sort of place that a community would naturally form around. Nightly free entertainment can range from incredible to awful, from a polished four-piece jazz band to a half-dozen amateur ukulele players jamming together. Their menu is extensive and their prices are very reasonable -- most items are less than $6.  I loved the fruit and feta plate! To sum up: How can you not love a cafe that offers peanut butter and banana sandwiches?
Imagine wanting to go to your friend's house to hang out but your friend isn't there so his/her dad invites you in and offers food he was just thinking of preparing and not wanting to be rude, you go in. That's pretty much what Moon and River Cafe was like - it was so quiet and there were no other customers so it felt sort of awkward, like I didn't belong there but didn't want to be rude by walking out. The food wasn't anything amazing, it was all something I could have made myself and I think if I had gone there expecting that, the rating would be a bit higher. There also wasn't any live music the time I went, so that could have contributed to a better atmosphere and thus higher score. After ordering, a few groups of people showed up to eat but it still felt like a library. However, considering the cook was the waiter and also the host, I had sympathy for the other groups that didn't even get a chance to order until after our food was done. Despite the issues mentioned, I would return if my fridge was empty and I was feeling completely lazy. After the meal, I'd be motivated again to cook myself a dozen gourmet meals as punishment to myself for being so lazy.
Maybe I'm biased because I instantly love almost any place that sells vegan food. So I was pretty excited when I got here. There are lots of options on the menu for both vegetarians and vegans. It's a little pricey for small portions which is why I have to take down a star. I'm a cheap skate, and have a monstrous appetite so I like to get as much as I can for my buck. The place has a lovely homy feel too it. There are fruits/vegetables and fish at the tables. The owner was there when I stopped in and was helpful in the ordering process. It's nice that the food takes a little while to get to you because it's all fresh and gets prepared right after you order it. I can appreciate that. I do wish the coffee was cheaper and in a bigger cup.
Moon and River cafe is a nice little spot. We where first introduced to them at the Schenectady Greenmarket. We tasted some fresh made "salsa" (although it had no kick to it so it wasn't really a SALSA). It was very flavorful and tasty so we decided to give the actual cafe a shot the next day. We attempted to go for breakfast but stood outside for over 10 minutes waiting on them since they had a sign on the door that said "Be Right Back". So we came back for lunch. It felt like I walked into my Grandmas house. Smelled of old books and boiled potatoes (or something along those lines). We sat down and looked over the menu. I got a Curry chicken and veggie dish while my boyfriend got a Hawaiian chicken and veggie dish. There was just one guy behind the counter doing all the cooking, and he had a helper who brought us our drinks and took our orders but I'm not sure if it was his first day or not because he didn't know anything on the menu or even how to work the coffee machine when I ordered my "to-go" cup. We got our food which was piping hot, fresh, and pretty delicious. Easily something I could have made at home though. But I liked the fact that it was all local produce. Being that it was just one guy doing everything it did take a while. Over an hour for lunch. But, we weren't in a rush so it was ok. The bill was about $20 for 2 meals and 2 coffees so that seemed about average. I'd go here again and try something differen't. Maybe a breakfast item if they're open.
When Shades of Green in dowtown Albany closed, I was devastated.   Who could move on with life without the delicious potato melt?  I still miss it. But, I cannot believe it took me this long to find Moon and River.  Another place right around the corner from my rock gym, one of my climbing partners suggested we grab a bite after an exhausting night of climbing. While I don't think anything will replace Shades, this was as close as I think anything could come.  The menu is amazing!  Dozens of vegetarian choices that not only included tofu, but tempeh as well.  (Don't you feel like tempeh is harder to find?)  I got a veggie stir fry with tempeh sticks- delicious.   And what's more, a normal portion size.  Usually when I go out to eat I come home with half the meal (or I end up eating the whole thing and then clutching my stomach in pain from eating too much).  This was a freshly prepared meal with lots of flavor and just the right amount. Further, the atmosphere was very pro-peace, which I fully support.  Anyone who supports sewing light in the world is worth my time.  :-) So why four stars, not five?  Personally, I never carry cash, so a restaurant that doesn't accept cards is kind of a bummer for me. And, because it's so small, it does take a while for them to prepare the food. Also, one night I went with friends and we were sitting enjoying our dinner when a performer went on.  It was just four of us, and we were talking pretty quietly (and we were in the back of the cafe), but people were shooting us daggers.  We felt unwelcome by the customers, even though it is a place to eat, in addition to being a place to hear music. That aside, the place is wonderful, delicious food, and lots of veggie options.  I will definitely be going back!
Deucedly strange little off-the-beaten-path café in the historic Stockade district, with an outstanding breakfast-and-lunch menu of simple near gourmet favorites at reasonable prices but with an atmosphere so laid back and desultory that it verges on the somnambulent. It's as if someone took the Slow Food ethos and applied it literally to short order cooking and table service. If you can stand the oddities and aren't in a rush, it's a great little vibe, but if you're in a rush or have fussy kid company (as we often do) you will go insane. There, you are insane now. Enjoy. This is sort of a Post-Moosewood restaurant (vegan options, but meat available   - the ham was yummy), as if the nearby Ambition Café were run by lifestyle middle aged hippies instead of young go-getters. The tiny old storefront has eclectic seating and used books and games befitting the independent coffee house aesthetic, but with a far sleepier air to it, as if you combined the dynamism of your Dad's barber shop with the seriousness of purpose of a circa 1989 Seattle coffee house. It's a cash-only place. I tend to distrust such places, because usually this is all about keeping profits off the books and away from the taxing authorities. In the case of the Moon and River Café, though, I think the owner just doesn't want to bother. Keeping it simple, but at the turtle's pace to win the race, is the watchword here. We had several sandwiches and the green-eggs-and-ham, and everything was extremely tasty and made with very good fresh ingredients. The portions are small, or rather "normal" sized (our super-sized cultural standards notwithstanding), but now you know that in advance, if you're extra hungry,  just order something extra. Although you may want to pack a lunch to eat while you wait for your meal. We went on a slow afternoon, with only one other set of patrons (already eating) when we got there, and were served by two very friendly servers who kept asking us to repeat parts of our order. I repeated various details of my order for black coffee three times. ("Black" "hot" and "coffee" being repeated at least twice each to each of the two servers.) Of the three staffers (one of them the owner, we think), two of them appeared to be idle at any one time. Our sandwiches appeared in batches of twos, such that half our party were done eating before the other half were even served. (Sorry to be rude and start in before you got your food, hon, but we were starving by that point). I once went on an all-Vegan diet, and after a few days I felt slow. Both in the sense that I seemed to be moving, creeping, through molasses as I went about my day, and slow in the sense that it felt like, say, I'd have to hear the coffee order three times before I processed it. Maybe it was just my body detoxifying, or maybe my brain was being deprived of some essential amino acid to make the synapses fire in regular sequence. I can't say I was unhappy, but the world around me was a bit unhappy with me. That is the Moon and River. If dipping into an altered state for the brief one to two or three hours you will need to complete your sandwich-based short order lunch sounds appealing, though, this is your place. I'm going to somewhat unusually give it a four star rating for its sui generis qualities and truly decent food, understanding that this is the rare four-star where I'd have to think hard to make sure I'm really and truly in that kind of mood to make me want to go back again.
Dropped in to this small cafe while passing through on our way up to northern NY.  The gentleman working, who I assume is also the owner was pleasant and helpful.  We shared the salad of the day, a mango cilantro salad and it was DELICIOUS! I ordered the vegan enchilada on recommendation and was a bit disappointed that there were zero veggies inside and only a few skinny slices of avocado on top.  My travel companion got the curry chicken and veggies and he was very satisfied. It looked and smelled great, with lots of large, fresh veggies. FYI this place only takes cash!
The menu is HUGE! ~90% of the menu is vegetarian and they make my beloved tempeh Reuben. I definitely need to try their breakfast sometime, maybe the Moroccan eggs...
If I had a chance to come here a few more times I would probably have given Moon & River 5 stars. I was really glad I was able to come here before I headed back home to the Bay Area, actually, ecstatic is more like it. Its a sort of restaurant but it feels more like you are in somebody's kitchen. I went this morning for breakfast, before heading to the airport, and an older guy, who I'm guessing was the owner, made all of my friends, and my food, and he was a very nice fellow. I was given coffee with powdered soymilk, something I've never seen but I seemed to drink a few cups quickly. I also had a GREAT fruitbowl. usually fruitbowls are like grapes, cantalope. honeydew, some pineapple. This fruitbowl, however, had black seedless grapes, bananas, mango, pineapple, orange slices, annnnnnnd I cant remember the last, but it was amazing. my main breakfast was a tofu scramble with toast w/ olive oil on it. I was impressed. The tofu scramble was different, i usually expect loads of tofu but there was a lot of vegetables in my scramble that I was happy to see. Asparagus, peppers, onions, cauliflower, and a great choice of seasonings. The big plus about this place is that it is very, very cheap. Not in a bad way at all. Amazing prices. I would come here for breakfast all the time if I lived in Upstate NY.
This place is great. Came here with my boyfriend and had many vegetarian options to choose from. Both of our meals were absolutely delicious and the food didn't take that long provided that we were the only ones there for a little while. This place appears to be a one man operation so if there is a crowd it could take long, but the food is so delicious it would be worth the wait. The environment is homey and cozy. So many great menu items to choose from. We can't wait to go again.
Great quirky little place. Fun for all ages. Proprietor could not be nicer. And he owned the ABC cafe in Ithaca.
An intimate, warm cafe with a huge menu. Personable staff and regular live, acoustic music. A great place to accompany an evening stroll or desert date.
The food is great ! Ambience is that of a tiny local cafe. Just loved the food here. Would definitely recommend the Moroccan eggs on the breakfast menu. The chef is very good and knows what he is doing. Will definitely visit the place every time I'm in Schenectady.
While it was a Thursday night and an eclectic group of locals in the house it was still a comfortable environment for free local music. I got the Healthy Elvis & a chocolate shake. The shake was different than what you'd get at a soft serve ice cream place or even a diner. The lighting was also enough to see a date across the table and have them pleasantly lit. Great place for a down to earth evening.
Tucked away in the Stockade of Schenectady there lies a little place called the Moon and River Cafe. I've been there three times, and all three times I've been happier than any person alive after eating my meal. I honestly can't choose between my three meals which one was my favorite. Between the African Peanut Stew I had my first time, the Vegan Antipasto I had the second time, or the Vegan Reuben I had last Friday night, I can't choose which one was the absolute best. The decor is incredible. The ambiance of the music every Friday night is incredible. And most importantly, the food is incredible. Love this place.
An incredible addition to an incredible neighborhood. The food, atmosphere, and guests of this establishment are as eclectic as The Stockade. Whether for food and music or coffee and a good book, Moon and River is always a good idea. Check out their website for their calendar which schedules music daily. Wireless Internet is on the way...
I decided to check this place out after reading the positive reviews on another site, and being close proximity to my relative's house in the Stockade. I was aghast at how misled I was. The decor is a little odd; it looks like a hippie's basement. On a scale of 0 to Vermont on the granola meter, this place is radio-active. The ambiance of a restaurant is not much of an issue provided that the food is good. To put it kindly the food SUCKED. My aunt and I were the only ones in the restaurant. The waitress awkwardly took our orders, after she was done kibitzing with some random guitarist dude, who wasn't playing any music. Then 10 minutes after the food was ordered, a guy showed up at the door, who I later figured out was the owner/chef. A little while later, we got our food. I ordered the tostada, which at most restaurants is more or less a "taco salad." I've been to many Mexican restaurants, including many on the west coast, and I am well aware of what constitutes a tostada. The dish I received: two little tortilla shells with a little bit of refried beans, sour cream, jalapeños served on a 6" diameter plate, which is wicked small I might add. The "tostada" looked like it was lightly-cooked in a toaster oven or more likely an easy-bake oven. Being the somewhat-demure person I am, I ate what I ordered. Afterwards, I respectfully told the waitress that I was very disappointed with the food. She then proceeded to tell the boss, somewhat in my face. The boss rolled is eyes (he was probably high) and said: "Don't worry about it." Needless to say I will NEVER return to the Moonbat Café.
