I've lived in Schenectady for the past four years and always heard about Jumping Jacks but never tried it until this year and that was a mistake. This place is such a fun experience and great food! The atmosphere was very friendly, right on the water, casual, and good for the whole family. We had the jack burger, cheeseburger, twisters (curly fries), onion rings, and a strawberry milkshake. The milkshakes are unbelievable! They are a must have! The prices are very reasonable and the food is good. I'd recommend this place to anyone!
The wife and I ventured up to this place while I was getting my car fixed at a shop near by. I heard great things from this place by everyone and even a woman standing in line was telling her British friend how to order and how great their food was. We arrived around a little lunch time, line was long but moved. I just wanted a burger and fries, that's what I ordered (Fries and onion rings sit under the heat lamp). Now a previous yelper mentioned that these tasted like they were school cafeteria burgers, oh how spot on he was on that. I was not impressed, the meat tasted cheap and their buns take like Price Chopper store brand buns. My wife seemed to like her burger, which led me to question the matter in her skull, haha. I am truly perplex as to how this place gets the hype I've seen, is the food really bad up there in Scotia/Schenectady or do people just like the useless non funny banter they receive from employees when ordering? I rather eat a McDonalds McDouble on their dollar menu than to eat a over price school cafeteria burger that this place sells. Five Guys and Red Robin have insanely better burgers than this place.
Great ice cream. Great burgers. I want Jumpin' Jack's every moment of the summer. Mm.
Schenectady favorite! The clam fry is a generous portion, for just $4. The burgers are tiny, but only $2.5! I ha the pistachio shake today, which was good. It's just nice to sit outside, next to the river. One question- why so many extra fry cooks back there? At least it keeps the restless Scotia teens off the street!
Meh. Fried to death seafoods of all types. Ice cream items are nothing special. I really wanted to like this iconic local shrine, but I wouldn't bother coming back.
While visiting nearby Union College with my daughter, we got lost trying to find someplace to eat and stumbled on Jumpin' Jacks Drive-In.  Speaking as a Baby Boomer, I'm a sucker for retro-dining establishments and this Jumpin' Jack's fits the bill.  The Jack Burger is their specialty (I ordered a single, vs. a double), and my daughter loved the fried shrimp sandwich.  The best part of the visit, though, is listening to the staff yell out orders using a bizarre short-hand (I'm still not sure what a "whoo hoo" is), and when you pay and leave a tip, the cashier yells "Subway" and everyone on the staff yells together "Thank You."  A great experience. PS - these roadside places can often be really dirty, but the tables were incredibly clean - nice to know.
Jumpin' Jacks is definitely a better memory than eatery.  I visited after being away for 40 years - I loved this place as a kid.  Price is inline with a quality attraction drive-in but has not kept up with quality or appearance.  This place could be so much better.  If I were an out-of-towner, which I am, and if I did not know the history of Jumpin' Jacks and Twin Freeze, which I do, I would call it a outdoor 'wannabe Johnny Rockets' with less expensive ingredients.  Fix the ice cream.!.!  Crystals in the ice cream are a sign of lower quality - It should be creamy, not ice milky.  And this was not just 'an unusual experience'; I have been back three times (I cannot help it - I love Ice Cream - choice of 'bad' or 'none', i chose bad!!!).  Also, agree with a previous reviewer - no smoking and no pet signs need to be enforced and followed.
Burgers were disappointing at best.  My Jack Burger was greasy, with only a small lump of coleslaw to liven it up.  Added some ketchup and mustard to it.  Onion rings were not even to the level of store brand heat and serve rings.  Twister fries were what you could get from the grocery store and heat yourself. Pretty good shakes, though.  Going to go back just for some ice cream later in the summer. Avoid the grill, go for the chill. The whole outdoor atmosphere is indicative of summer, so I can clearly see why Jumin' Jack's is a staple of summer for Scotia.  Need to head out for the ski jumps and and fireworks.
If its summertime and you want a burger you either cook it at home on the grill or go to Jumpin Jacks. It doesn't matter how long the drive or how long the line is when you get there, it will be worth it. I don't think anyone else can compete with this cheeseburger and sauteed onions. The homemade onion rings are the best around too.
After years of hearing about Jumpin' Jacks, I finally decided to try out this seasonal drive-in this past summer, and my, have I wasted many years not trying Jumpin' Jacks before.  After waiting on the long lines, which along with the parking situation, are the only real drawbacks to Jumpin' Jacks, I decided to try out their Jack Burger (which consists of a burger, cole slaw and something else that is tasty) and some fried clams, which were delicious.  The Jack Burger is one of their specialties, and quite frankly, is extremely addicting.  Definitely waiting for the spring, so I can have my next Jack Burger from Jumpin' Jacks.
While Jumpin' Jacks is a staple in this area, the food is nothing to seek out.  You will love the experience, the view of the river and the ski shows; but the burgers and fries aren't anything special.  They are not the worst I have ever had, but the quality is less than impressive.  However, they are the only place around here that serves original slush-puppies!  If you are a fan of those as much as I am, this is a very big pro.
Nice location.  Ice cream is ok.   Usually a long line for food - not good enough to justify the wait.  The one time I did get food, I had to recite my order like 10 times to 4 different ppl.
Maybe I'm getting cheaper, but the prices just seem way too high. For two cheeseburgers, twister fry, onion ring, and medium soda, it was $11.50 (and we all know how small the burgers are, as well as the fry portions). Throw in the obligatory tip, and you're up to $12.50. $2 for a small ice cream, and you're up to $14.50 For that price, you can go to an actual restaurant. Jumpin' Jacks is all about the nostalgia - but I'm not a big fan of getting price-raped because of sentimentality. If they had lower prices, I'd come here more often. But at these levels, once or twice will have to do.
A classic old fashioned drive in food stand.  The burgers are outrageously good and the fries and fried oysters are spectacular.  Come here with and empty stomach and you won't be disappointed.  But make sure to safe room for a chocolate malt... It'll make you sick enough to stick to your newly conceived diet plan ;-). Awesome... Just awesome
OK I been wanting to try out this place for 4 years but I am really never in the area, so finally I got the opportunity and might I add it was Sweet. I love the whole drive inn feel to this place, the line wasn't too bad and it move rather fast so I don't mind. Plus my eyes were on the menu because I found it very hard to choose what I wanted because everything looks delicious here. I ended up ordering a double cheese burger with fried onions on it and a order of ff's, I was debating whether to get ff's or onion rings, boy I wish I choose onion rings. But that gives me a reason to go back. ( which I really don't need an excuse to go back because the food rocked! ....LOL ) I try some of my wife's ice cream and it was average but I am not the one to criticize ice cream because I can take it or leave it.
Yummy food and great ice cream! A great place to hang out in the summer with family and friends!
Cute atmosphere but the food is hard to digest.
We had been living in the area for five months before we decided to check out Jumpin' Jacks. We had heard great things on the web. and of course, we saw a lot of news stories back in the spring when Jack's was having its much anticipated reopening after being flooded out last year. It looked great, sounded great, but we were skeptical. See, we have heard all of this before.... Stories of the "best" hot dogs in Schenectady.. the "best" steak sandwich in New York, you get the picture. Well, we had been let down before, and so we held out until late July to head over to Jumpin' Jacks to see what the fuss was about. I'm so glad we did. It was amazing. We each ordered a Jack Burger, and can I just say that it was... awesome! The combination of coleslaw with the burger and that bun, YUM. It was a definite hit! I also ordered the onion rings, and they were crisp, not greasy at all, and delicious. The ambiance was great, as  the water skiers were out practicing, and it made for a nice show while we ate. Great stuff, Jumpin' Jacks! We'll definitely be back!
Great frozen yogurt in an idyllic scene.
Whenever I get a chance to come here for lunch, I do. The burgers and other stuff that they make there is simply amazing!! The burgers are cooked perfectly and are very juicy. The fries are very crispy and taste like heaven. If you don't want something off the grill, go to the Twin-Freez station, where you can get good ice cream and buttery popcorn. If you're looking for a quick lunch, stop by at Jumping Jack's, and you won't be disappointed.
We just came back from a wonderful evening at Jack's. We were supposed to be just getting dinner for the kids, but that plan didn't work out that way. First, this is a "drive in" not a "drive thru". Second, this is not a "drive in movie theater". This is simply a Drive In restaurant from the 50's and it is damn good. Set on the Mohawk River, with a water skiing team's headquarters and amphitheater sharing the parking lot. The line appeared very long when we got there, but it moves at lighting pace, so fast that when I didn't know exactly what I wanted, we got a hard stare and were immediately in trouble. We ordered a fried fish dinner and Chicken strips dinner, which both came with, french fries, onion rings, cole slaw and dinner roll. We then added some clam strips just cause. As we approached the cashier, the guy behind us got a Jack Burger and told us it was amazing, so we had to do it. SO our kids dinner before our adult dinner, turned in to our first of two for the night. I have to say, everything was a hit. The kids loved it all and we devoured our Jack Burger in about 2 minutes.  We capped it off with some ice cream and a performance from the "Altar Boyz"  at the amphitheater, but that is for another conversation. The kids wanted to come back before we even left.
It's really just a greasy ,average burger place. Greasy can be good but this place is just living off nostalgic former residents. There's a reason this type of place is disappearing!
Every time we visit my wifes family in Scotia we hit Jumpin' Jack's for some good chow.  Its what my sister in law refers to as 'Good Grease'.   You won't find duck a l'orange on the menu, and the maitre d won't suggest the  $50.00 bottle of Chianti.   What you will get is: a couple of good cheeseburgers; wash them down with some delicious onion rings, and a huge thank you, for a tip; "SUBWAY".  Its a fun, upbeat atmosphere that will have you visiting back for more. Enjoy.
This is always a staple when I return home to visit family. I always get the jack burger with French fries along with a lemonade. It's usually pretty busy but the line always goes quick. It's an experience that everyone should partake in! They also have dessert in the same parking long. Along with live music and ski shows if you stop by on the right night.
Nothing spectacular.  Hamburger patties, fries and onion rings seemed to be  ordinary pre packaged stuff.  Not impressed.
Come on people!  This trip reminded me  of where I live now.  There are some good things about the Albany area - I find the people to be friendly, there is no traffic - but the food simply sucks.  Jumpin' Jack's is a prime example. If you have been exposed to the quintessential burger/shake joint in places all over this great land then you know what the good is.  Flavorful burgers, homemade onion rings, real milk shakes.....  This place had none of that.  The burger was tasteless due to lack of fat, the onion rings were clearly of the frozen variety, and the shake.....  The chocolate shake came from a pre-mixed/pre-made machine a la the frozen margarita machines in crappy Mexican joints.  I threw it out after two sips.  My friend did the same.  For me to toss anything chocolate is almost unheard of - I can usually make it work. The place looks so nostalgic and I'd hoped it would deliver the goods.  It doesn't.  I'm convinced the folks who rave about this place have not experienced much in their lives. Yet another disappointing food excursion.
A reliable source for your he made quality fast foods. Burgers, fries onion rings, shakes, comes- efficiently produced- important when the line gets long! Nice view of the river and pleasant before a concert.
This place is awesome, I dunno how anyone could give them a bad review. Always packed yet fast service,and great food! Subway!  (what they shout when you give a tip and let me tell ya you hear it often!) Try this place yourself at least once I don't think they will disappoint. Also keep in mind they are only open in the summer.
Awesome burger joint. Great burgers, fun environment down by the river and awesome fries.
Burger #76: What Do Locals Know? Out with the family, our darkest fears were realized when our first choice of lunch was closed down. So off to Jumpin' Jacks we went. When we arrived it was pretty packed. Really nice location right along the Mohawk river with lots of grass for the kiddies to graze on. We hopped on the fast moving line ride and got up to the menu pretty quick. I knew I had to eat light since a big family dinner was just hours away, so I ordered a Jack burger, clam fry and a strawberry shake. When I saw them cooking the patties I knew what I was in for, a big helping of sweet disappointment. yelp.com/biz_photos/HPdj… Once you pick up your food there is a condiment bar behind the line. I loaded up on some standards and headed over to the picnic area. The burger was what I feared, something that was straight from a high school lunch line. The beef had that strange texture and flavor that only grade D government beef can bring. Adding a third piece of bread between the two micro-patties only took away from the burger experience. And for over $4, I felt the fool. The clam fry was no better. Thin strips of over fried clams on a soft wonder roll tasted like old oil and nothing of the sea. By the time I finished them both off my jaw was sore from all the chewing. The liquidy shake was decent but should not have been 50% melted when it was first handed to me. But as we ate, there was a steady stream of people flooding in. The line only got longer and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. I guess when Fuddruckers and 5 Guys are your only burger options in upstate NY, you just grow up not knowing any better.
Jumping Jacks ice cream Institution of summer Ski jumps and fireworks
A great classic drive-in located along the Mohawk River next to the Western Gateway Bridge and across from Collins Park, which is open during the warmer months (closed for the season after Labor Day). I visit this place each year! The large Jumpin' Jack's sign is the first visible sign in Scotia traveling from Schenectady, hard to miss! Jumpin' Jack's serves up burgers, hot dogs, fish frys, clam frys, shrimp frys, steak sandwiches, chicken broilers, fries, onion rings, dinner plates, Pepsi drinks, and ice cream treats (cones, sundaes, shakes, floats, and Dole whips). There are two separate buildings where you order and pay: the left enclosed building for ice cream treats and the right building with outside windows for hot food and cold drinks. The place is fairly busy, but the lines move quickly and the service is friendly. There's ample covered picnic table seating out front or relax out back on the grassy area along the banks of the Mohawk River where you can watch the US Water Ski Show Team perform. Pretty cool!! The Fish Fry ($3.50 tax included) a.k.a. lone shark here is one of the best I've had in the area, fried to perfection and not greasy. The ice cream is very good. I also enjoy a large Dole Whip Cone ($2.00 tax included), very refreshing on a hot day. Sooo good!!
There are giant NO SMOKING OR PETS signs everywhere, so we were perplexed as to why four people outside were puffing away. We're guessing rampant illiteracy, but maybe there's lead in the food here or something. Certainly the employee who was smoking right on top of the giant propane tanks with their NO SMOKING warnings was a likely candidate for a Darwin award (see picture we posted). But I digress. So, Jumpin' Jacks, we can definitely see why this is a local institution, with short order food next to the river and across from the baseball fields and handy to the bridge crossing. That said, the food here was pretty mundane. We suspect a lot of it sits around waiting orders, since while they were peppy with the orders, our hot dogs, hamburger, fries, and clams all came out ice cold while the fish (nicely battered in corn meal, btw) came out fryer-hot. The ice cream is all soft-serv, which is good enough if that's what you're hankering for. The drinks were absurdly overpriced at refill-large prices for 8 ounce cups stuffed with ice. The locale is a little disappointing: no tables on the river or other way to take it in, and while the river walk is pleasant enough, there aren't really places to sit down. The other point of confusion is calling this a "Drive-In"; whence we come, a "Drive In" is a place where they bring the food to you at your car, not a 'drive up' where you pull in and get out of the car and eat outside, which we would call "take out" or perhaps "al fresco dining" if you want to get fancy pants about it. Here I am talking trash about another local institution (see also our review of Mike's) but call it the unblinking and un-nostalgic view of the transplant.  Jack's will be a fun treat for the kids in future years, I can tell, but I doubt the older members or our party are going to feel the love as much, at least not until they can get at least 50% of the orders served hot. I certainly am not understanding why people were lined up at 5 AM for the opening day. That, and if it survives the smoking around explosive flammable gas tanks. Just sayin'.
My favorite drive-in, and a Schenectady institution! When visiting my parents recently, I begged to go to Jumpin' Jacks so that I could relive all those happy, greasy, ice-creamy summertime childhood memories. Jumpin' Jacks is very popular; it can be hard to find a place to park and expect a (fast moving) line. The place has barely changed in decades; retro signage, etc. The food is good old-fashioned greasy fried goodness. Nothing fancy. I recommend the fish fry, the clam fry, and the onion rings. The soft serve ice cream is always good and reasonably priced. They usually have an interesting 2nd soft-serve flavor that changes weekly, like pistachio or black cherry.  No hard ice cream, but that's okay with me. The Jumpin' Jacks employees are not your typical fast food folk. They have a system going, and I love how they have code words for everything. The cashier will shout out a "Subway" followed by a "thank you" from the whole crew when you tip them! I learned from my father that they call a tip "Subway" because subways used to run on tokens, and a tip is a "token" of your appreciation. He learned that tidbit at some point during his Union College education, which tells you how long the Jumpin' Jacks culture has been around. If you have kids, they will enjoy the nearby park, the river (home of the US water skiing team!), and the steep hill to climb.
They don't make 'em like this anymore. If you're reading this review because you're considering checking out Jumpin' Jacks, consider this an endorsement. Now stop reading and go eat some burgers and have some ice cream!* *When they are open. They close for the season just after Labor Day and open again around Memorial Day.
If you live in the area the opening of jumping jacks means the beging of summer. Don't be be thrown off by the length of the line because it is worth every second of the wait. The burgers are absolutely amazing, I would defiantly suggest a jack burger to anybody. Jumping jacks is known for its milkshakes and onion rings though so I wouldn't pass those up either, but if you have too...at least get the curly fries and an ice cream cone. Super cheap prices and now they even take credit card. During the summer you can even watch a ski show on Tuesday and see fireworks on occasion.  There is nothing better on a warm day then to go to jumping jacks for great food and drinks with friends and family.
Jumpin Jacks has been around since I was a kid. What I enjoyed best back then and what I enjoy best about it now has not changed: the quality of their icecream. The burgers and fried foods can be found better at FIVE GUYS or Fuddruckers. However, Jumpin Jacks still puts out a decent sized cone with all the trimmings. Stop by with the kids or your dog and enjoy the jet ski show in the summer! Farrah Nayka Ashline
Not gonna lie -- I have a thing for these sorts of places, and Jumpin' Jack's is among my favorites. The food isn't anything that will blow you away, but it's the seasonal thing and the vibe of the place that's appealing. Summer is on the way when Jumpin' Jack's opens for the season. The food is decent, and the ice cream is great. You can't beat spending your lunch at a picnic table in the nice weather eating some burgers and hotdogs.
So it's open for the summer only, I think that's the major appeal, that and the river that's behind it or maybe the park next door.   Everytime we fly back east to visit her family, I make sure to stop by at least once.  It's always busy and the food is always the same.  I like that in a place.  I mean the food is not INCREDIBLE, but it tastes pretty good and the selection is decent.  Then when you tip 'em they all thank you.   It'll never make the Food Network, but it's worth a stop to see what all the hub bub's 'bout.
Being a kid/teenager/young adult in Schenectady means you love Jumpin' Jack's. You just do. It's only open in the summer, some kids skip school on opening day to be there first and it's the answer to "where do we go next?" It's not that it's amazing food. It's that it's by the river, it's at a park and a lot of kids go there all the time. It's a place to meet up or run into people and to get some good soft serve when it's hot out. It gets really crowded and it's hard to find a parking space sometimes but it's still a good time. Plus it's fun to listen to the cooks yell, "subway!"...I can't remember what that means but it's still amusing.
Love Jumpin' Jacks. If you want a burger, fries, onion rings, and ice cream it's the place to be. Love the Jack burger with coleslaw on top. It's a staple in the area and a great place to go on a warm night during the summer. Go to Jumpin' Jacks! You might have to wait in line but it goes pretty quick.
On a warm summer's day, you can't beat Jack's.  It's been a long time since I lived in Scotia, but this place always calls me back.  I get the veggie burger, twisty fries and a soft-serve cone; my favorite is pistachio. While the food is decent- you're really coming here for the ambience... US Ski Team practicing on the river, a free show in Freedom Park, sparrows vying for your fries... This is summer.
It's a fun little outdoor place with food that's reminiscent of the types and quality you'd see at a fair.  Burgers, fried fish, fried clams, onion rings, fries, fried dough, ice cream.  There's an amphitheater and it's right on the water, so there are some sights to take in as you walk around.   I imagine it's a popular date location for young teenagers, and that parents bring the kids here a lot, and the fast food / fried food and then ice cream is a fun little guilty pleasure for adults too.  If I'm back in the area looking for an outdoor lunch (on a warm day), Jumpin' Jack's will likely see me again.
We live nearby in Schenectady and have been to JJ's twice this summer already as part of my (unofficial) 2010 Summertime Soft-Serve Tour. Not because the ice cream is great, but because it's the closest ice cream stand to us. Their soft-serve is of that airy and whipped variety, which I don't particularly care for. There's too much air and not enough substance and flavor, IMO. Wonder if they're trying to save a few bucks, or if people like it that way? Hmm. JJ's gets four stars however for the beauty of its location--set between the Mohawk river and Collins park, with free live music and ski shows during the summer--and for its fast service. As of yet I have no comment on the fried food it purveys.
There are not enough businesses like this in operation these days. Sure, the menu isn't gigantic and the place isn't anything fancy but if you go here just once I think you'll see why the line is always so long. First, the service is quick so that long line moves, and the food is always delicious. Sitting outside and eating with family and friends is always a delight here (as long as you can avoid the mosquitos) and sometimes you can catch a show on the water or concert within walking distance. This place was a staple of my childhood and if I can ever get to the area in the summer again I will be glad to get a nice juicy burger, curly fries and peanut butter sundae here again.
