I go here every week with my folks, and we always have a good meal and leave feeling satisfied and occasionally totally stuffed.  The owners and wait staff take really good care of us and the kitchen is incredibly consistent.  The menu is expansive (as a proper diner menu should be), the portions are generous, and of course we all appreciate the soup/salad/bread that comes with all the plated dinner options.   The baked short ribs on Thursdays and Saturdays are a standout item, and the oven roasted chicken and potatoes are very good.  I haven't had a chance to try every menu item, but I've been very pleased with almost everything I've ordered, from eggplant parm to breakfast omelettes and club sandwiches.  One of my friends from Japan visited and LOVED Blue Ribbon (she had macaroni and cheese) and always asks me about it. The bakery is phenomenal.  Coconut cream pie, Bavarian cheesecake, chocolate layer cake, a whole bunch of other cakes, pies, cookies, puddings, baklava and morsels.  I have noticed the cake/pie slices are getting smaller, but that's probably dependent on who's serving them more than anything. (IF YOU ARE READING THIS REVIEW, PLEASE BRING BACK THE BOURBON TURKEY TIPS!)
Love this place.  Every time we travel this way... It's a must stop.  Everything was perfect..... Hot soup, cold salad, and very tasty food.  We ordered the chicken Alfredo and omg good! And the spaghetti with meatballs.  Really.... The best I have had in a long time.  Enough to take home for lunch tomorrow.  Ordered their famous cheesecake and chocolate cream pie...to go home.  Over all .... Joe the waiter was excellent... Very attentive and was anticipating our needs before we even thought of it.....excellent!!!!!!!
Good grilled cheese and tomato: Swiss on rye, juicy tomato.  Great fries!! Pickle, coleslaw, yum.  Perfect service, prompt and kind.  Other vegetarian items available, but the standard of good diner fare is fries!
I'm pretty sure we've been to this popular restaurant just about every time my Dad comes to town. To me, this place is exactly what you imagine when you picture a classic New York family owned diner.  This place seems special, though, with both Greek and Italian specials on the menu, including something called Mediterranean Nachos, which I'm eager to try. I love coming here because the menu features three full pages of just sandwiches (my favorite meal!), plus many more pages of other delicious options.  We've come for breakfast, lunch, and dinner over the years and I've never been disappointed by the service, portions, quality, or deliciousness from Blue Ribbon.   I have been craving Greek food for weeks now and ordered a Gyro Pita, followed by a piece of coconut cream pie for dessert.  Both were wonderful, but next time I'll be trying something new. There were so many sandwiches that were calling to me, and the mini lemon meringues were basically begging to come home with me from the bakery case.  It's a miracle I made it out of there without one.
Incredibly fast service.  Waitresses are gruff old timers but this isn't hooters. Great place for breakfast, especially if you have a large group.  Omelets and corned beef hash are terrific.  Try the massive Greek salad for lunch. Have never eaten dinner here.  It's Schenectady but it's not a bad area.
I appreciated going to a family diner but I expected more from the food. The recipes were interesting but the ingredients used and preparation seemed sub par. Meats were tough and lifeless so the sauces used to make up for it were very bold and flavorful. I appreciated the deserts and the atmosphere. Service was good too. It looked like a real American establishment.
We've been meaning to update the review since the Blue Ribbon got a renovation last summer, so here goes. The service problems seem to have been addressed, at least insofar as our last few visits have indicated, so both the table service and kitchen service are back to their previous prompt levels. As ever, they seem to do better during busy times than slack ones. Update: I am  informed by management most non-breakfast items are available at breakfast, you have to ask (they give you only a breakfast menu by default), so half-credit there on the Diner-tude front and a bonus for management responsiveness to my non-breakfast-item-wishes. The inside has been brightened up, and the new lobby/airlock has made ingress and egress much easier (as well as adding a double-wide ramp to the east side, the one with the larger parking lot). I can't say the decor is exactly spectacular - it's bland diner standard - but it's not as gloomy as it was. The Blue Ribbon's insanely popular and busy, run in the mill food or not, so if you go expect a little congestion in both being seated and the oddly-configured cash register when settling up. I have a modest amount of affection for the Blue Ribbon as a locals joint, but I will say the busy-ness of the place has made it a bit less relaxed than I like my diners of late, and while the location is convenient the food is just pretty standard. It is certainly the best diner-style place in Schenectady these days, no doubt. So we go sometimes, other times we head down the road to the diners further down Central.
My friend is a regular at the Blue Ribbon Restaurant since he lives about 3 minutes away and he always raves about the food here. Recently, I decided to go along with him for a Friday night dinner. The place was moderately busy, but we were seated in a booth promptly. The menu offerings at this popular family restaurant include the typical diner fare of offerings including sandwiches, burgers, salads, soups, steaks, chops, seafood, poultry, Italian & Greek dishes, a good variety of comfort meals and desserts. The breakfast menu is served all day here. For dinner, I ordered the Moussaka ($12.99) including soup & salad & bread. The salad was standard, a glass plate with crisp iceberg lettuce, cucumbers, carrot, red onions, & tomato, dressing on the side. The soup (Manhattan Clam Chowder) was piping hot which had potatoes, vegetables, & minced clams in a tomato broth. The baked moussaka was served very hot in a good sized casserole, layered with potatoes, eggplant, zucchini, ground beef bolognese, topped with a creamy layer of bechemel browned on top. The rolls were soft and cold. My dinner overall was nothing fancy, just very tasty and filling food. I needed a box for half of my entree. My friend ordered his favorite Blue Ribbon Burger ($8.99) served with fries slaw, lettuce, tomato. & dill pickle spear. The grilled 8 oz burger was topped with fried onions & grilled mushroom slices on a soft hamburger bun. The standard fries were deep fried golden, crisp on the outside, and hot & soft inside. The slaw served in a small plastic cup was all shredded cabbage, sweet taste. We passed on the offer for dessert since we both had enough food. Those layer cakes looked pretty darn good! The service here was friendly and decent on a Friday night. Good food, good portions, and good prices! I will definitely be eating at the Blue Ribbon Restaurant again with my friend!
My husband and I ate breakfast here on a Saturday morning. Service was friendly and prompt. Delicious, fresh-tasting (as opposed to the kind they reheat on the grill) home fries, eggs, etc. My husband ordered eggs with sausage and sausage over biscuits. Said it was delicious and thought the sausages homemade. The homemade biscuits were deee-lish--could have eaten those alone for breakfast! Fluffy and decadent perfection. Strongly recommend coming here!
Blue Ribbon is one of those places where you can get convenient consistent food at a price you would pay pretty much anywhere. Diners are always perfect for us because my husband is a breakfast anytime kind of guy and I am not really into breakfast at any time. The food here is not cheap but decent quality and the servings are appropriate. I had ordered the honey garlic pork chops which came with soup and salad. Everything was well prepared and the pork chops were perfectly cooked and flavorful. My husband enjoyed his french toast eggs and hash browns but was eager as a child to get to the dessert cases out in the lobby. We decided to get a piece of a giant layered cake. (chocolate cake/cheesecake/chocolate cake) to take home. We were a bit disappointed in that the whipped cream frosting wasn't really a sweet enough contrast to the chocolate cake, and the cheesecake was pretty typical too in that it was not very sweet. I think a layer of strawberries in this cake would bring it to the next level! It just needs something to sweeten it up. Because of the hours and the convenience Blue Ribbon has become a staple in the area. If I was "going out to dinner" it would not be my first choice at say 7pm, but at 9:30 - it would be near the top of the list.
Decent food for the price.  The extras from most diners (the eight page menus) is cut down to just the staples.  They do it basic but do it well enough.  I don't know what to really say, it's a diner, it's here, and well, it's a diner...
So I heard a lot about this place because I heard people I know used to go out and eat here a lot when I was growing up. Additionally, this is one of my parents' go to places if they're looking for cheesecake, specifically, fresh fruit cheesecake, which is basically your typical New York cheesecake with a fruit sauce on top. Overall, I think it's pretty good, the food was fairly well done and they have a pretty good variety of selection. I can't say that it was the most memorable meal I've had, but certainly worth a gander if you're in the area.
such a great work horse of a place never a bad meal, a safe place to talk to friends and family and enjoy your dinner or desserts
This place seems to have a bunch of Yelp praise.  Said praisers must have had better experiences than me.  Stopping in after church on Sunday, I expected that there might be a wait.  Sunday at 11am is a popular time for diners.  I didn't expect a slow moving line.  That's right, we waited on line for someone to seat us.  It's not as if all the tables were full.  We actually had two tables that were open next to us for most of our meal. I had already eaten breakfast, and was looking for more of a lunch.  For some reason, the meatloaf sandwich seemed appealing.  I must still have it on the brain after the wonderful meatloaf at Comet Cafe in Milwaukee.  My default brunch is either omlettes or breakfast burritos.  I felt the need to branch out.  One of my companions had french toast with sausage, the other a bacon and cheese omlette. I asked if there would be fries with the sandwich.  The waitress replied no.  I asked if anything came with it.  She said coleslaw.  This is one of my least favorite side dishes.  I asked if I could get anything else.  She replied applesause.  That works. Our meals came in a timely manner.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.  My applesause was fine, I wasn't expecting it to be homemade (although if it was, they would have my loyalty).  The sandwich wasn't that good.  The meatloaf was sliced thin, with about three slices on the sandwich.  My mom swears that the key to a good meatloaf is to use meat with more fat, to produce more juices when cooking.  I'm not sure what grade of meat this was, but it was dry and the texture was very bland.  Ther were no other condements.  I didn't ask, but for some reason I thought there might be a side of gravey, piece of lettuce, etc. The waitress brought over our check soon after, not checking to see if we wanted dessert.  I had been contemplating a piece of pie, but decided against it after we received our bill.  When we left the line was still there.
The wife and I traveled 2,940 miles to surprise my mother for her seventieth birthday.  My sisters attempted to plan an elaborate dinner for the old lady at a swanky spot in Saratoga.  But mom was having nothing of it.  "I want my leg of lamb from Blue Ribbon Di-nuh."  Fair enough.  If that's how she wants to celebrate seventy years on this earth, then so be it.  Leg of lamb. I did not try mom's leg of lamb, but the look of satisfaction on her face told me everything I needed to know about the dish.  A full plate of succulent lamb, slathered with gravy, and surrounded by kids and grandkids--she was in her glory. As for the food I did eat, I was in heaven.  I had the moussaka, something I've never tried.  The ingredients sounded good enough--beef bolognese, zucchini, potatoes.  It worked really well.  The richness of the bolognese really made this dish shine.  I only ate half of it before surrendering my leftovers to my brother-in-law. My favorite dessert in the world is plain cheesecake with a side of coffee.  The cheesecake here was some of the best I've ever had.  They are not exaggerating when they call it "award winning." Special occasion, special food, and great service made this a five-star experience all the way.
I've been here a dozen or so times, and the food has been good on every occasion.  I'd say it's slightly higher quality than you might expect at a diner.  It has a traditional diner environment and an extensive menu.  They have exceptionally tasty omelets, as well as good sandwiches and mac & cheese.  Everything I've had was very fresh and well made.  Service is always quick and friendly.  They are particularly impressive when it comes to refilling coffee.   The only semi-bad experience I had here was late one Friday night when I felt the waitress was trying to push us out the door. We had finished eating and paid the check, but were still sitting and chatting for about 20 minutes beyond that.  It was about 9pm and nowhere near their midnight closing time, and there were still a few other tables eating.  But the waitress kept passing by our table and saying super sweetly, "Thank you, have a good night!"  She must have done it five or six times.  I almost regretted giving her such a good tip.  But despite that she was being overly aggressive, she was still moderately pleasant about it, and this isn't something that will stop me from coming back to the Blue Ribbon Diner.  Because, oh man, do I love their veggie omelets.
WOW! Had another great experience here. I went in for lunch today and had one of their typical "comfort food" specials. Afterward, I mentioned at the checkout counter that I had forgotten to download one of their ubiquitous 10% off coupons, and asked if I could have its benefit anyway. They agreed! So I got a great lunch AND an arguably undeserved discount. What a great and customer-oriented place! I really can't say enough good things about it.
You want that family-friendly (greasy-spoon) diner feel with the waitress that's worked for 30 years...you want Blue Ribbon! Came here with some friends and family, I think there were 9 of us, on a Saturday morning.  They sat us almost immediately and our waitress was prompt in getting our drink orders and providing us with recommendations for breakfast.. The meal was tasty and quick...everyone (even my picky sister) was able to find something they wanted and we didn't break the bank! Next time I'm in the area I want to try one of their pies (they looked sooo delish and they were homemade). :-D
My co-workers and I go out to lunch every Friday, and had grown weary of the usual Panera-Chipotle-Five Guys rotation. We got to talking about pancakes one day and decided to try IHOP, but after reading the horrible online reviews, picked Blue Ribbon instead. We were seated right away, and the menu was typical diner-length: LONG, with lots of options. I completely forgot about breakfast-for-lunch and got fried fish with mac and cheese. The food came out so quickly, faster than any other diner I'd been to. The mac and cheese was bubbling hot, the fish was perfectly crispy, I was in heaven AND I had leftovers so I could enjoy it again.   We were raving about the food well into the next week.  So much so, we went back again that Friday with a larger group. This time, I got the tuna melt. A comically large portion of tuna between two slices of crispy, buttery toast, with melty (but not too melty) cheddar, served with a heaping pile of fries.  I had to eat the sandwich with a fork and knife, but I loved every bite. Can't beat the prices, and the efficient, friendly service. Both visits took less than an hour. I docked one star because I didn't see waffles on the menu. Is that a thing? Another local diner stops serving waffles after breakfast, too. Tragedy. Prove me wrong, Blue Ribbon, and you'll get 5 stars from me.
Very big fan.  I agree with Dave K's assessment; it's a diner.  I came here for a pretty long brunch to catch up with a friend, and I was very impressed with the service - the waitress was extremely attentive the whole time, always refilling our coffee, and when she left the check, she was quick to say "Take your time."  It's a small touch, but counts more than a lot of servers seem to know. The food was very good too. ^_^ Only thing that galled me a little was how expensive it was to deviate from the menu: I had an egg white (+$1) omelet with onions (+$1), peppers (+$1), tomatoes (+$1)....you get the idea. I do recommend this place, though!
Only reason I was in the area was Northway was backed up and we got off the hiway.  Used the old Yelper to find this great diner.  Place was packed, but we were seated quickly (5 of us).   Service was quick and efficient, food was very good. U can't go wrong
I went yesterday to have breakfast again with my Dad who seems to have found a second son with a particular booth here. Got here much earlier, and they were much busier. I again ordered another omelet, hashbrowns, and english muffin. To be blunt, I was underwhelmed. We had the same breakfast server as we did last time, and her service was good in my opinion. But the plates that came out..... I ordered a broccoli, onion and cheese omelet. It seemed like they were using frozen broccoli that hadn't been fully thawed as it was cold inside of the omelet. Hashbrowns were tepid, and the English muffin was damn close to raw. I was blown away with the quality of the dinner(s) here from the 19th. Actually worth traveling the 17 miles from my Dad's to eat here. Breakfasts though are really nothing special, and this latest breakfast was just not up to par. My Dad loves this place though, so I'm sure we'll be back. For now. Definitely for dinner though, that's still a 5 star.
Here's another place that's been around as long as I can remember.  It was a favorite of mine when I was a kid.  It's been years since I've visited, but we managed to come for dinner with family over Christmas vacation this year. It's a diner, so don't expect a fancy menu or surroundings.  Blue Ribbon serves up down home diner food, and they do it very well.  Their paper placemats show the 20 most popular menu items, which makes choosing a little easier.  My veal parm with soup, salad, and spaghetti was very good.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals also, and I think everyone had enough food to take home for lunch the next day.  Like any good diner, Blue Ribbon has plenty of tempting dessert choices.  Hubby and I shared a "Bavarian cheesecake" slice -- heaven on a plate!  Why?  Well, who wouldn't like chocolate cake, cheesecake, and choc mousse, all in  a chocolatey ganache-y coating?! A must-try in Schenectady.  Good food, great service, and the price is definitely right.  Under $100 for 5 people!
Was totally surprised when I walked in, I was expecting the "hole in the wall" diner.. What I got was great food, great price, fast efficient service.  Will definately be going back.
In town for a business trip, I decided to give Blue Ribbon a try. I was greeted when I walked in as one of the servers told me to grab a seat anywhere. As I sat down, my cup was filled with coffee and it stayed filled up until the time I left. I ordered the Lumberjack Special (pancakes, eggs, and sausage) and it was on the table less than five minutes after ordering. The pancakes were delicious, the eggs as I ordered and the sausage links were real, not the brown n' serve garbage you get at a lot of places. Coming from a small town, Blue Ribbon has all the qualities of a 'middle of nowhere' diner and was the lone bright spot of my trip. Thanks for a great start to my day, Blue Ribbon!
What's not to love about this hometown diner? Once you walk in, you are always almost immediately greeted and brought to a table. The food is always flavorful and freshly prepared. My favorite thing on the menu, the Deluxe Veggie Omelet, luckily is available all day! The veggies are perfectly sauteed so they aren't too crunchy or soupy and they actually toss the veggies in the eggs instead of just wrapping them up in an egg layer.  The potatoes are just alright, standard home fried slices but there's so much to the omelet you barely need them anyway. Not too worry though if you don't like breakfast there are always awesome specials each night that come with soup and salad.  One of my other favorites is the lemon chicken which is served over rice pilaf and always tender, flavorful and served just after we finish our salads. Save room for dessert though, they are world famous for their cheesecake which tastes like a fluffy piece of heaven. Even better is the Bavarian cheesecake which combines chocolate cake on top of cheesecake with ganache in between.   If you're looking for a charming place for any meal with great service and better dessert, you must check out this hometown staple.
My fiancee and I went here with her family on Easter. It was tasty, and the service was given with a smile even on a holiday. As usual with a dinner, a huge menu with lots of variety means something for every taste bud. Not the best diner I've ever been at, but definitely enjoyable enough to eat at again.
The blue ribbon will never disappoint. Fast friendly service and the food is all about comfort. I love their mac and cheese and breaded fish! Their soups are the best. Deserts are crazy delicious and you get a generous portion to share and still take some home! Enjoy!
Old, outdated, unflavored, retirement home food. I grew up going here, but I'm over it. The pancakes and French toast are so slimy and gross. The decor is uninviting and it just makes me depressed to go there why do t you try harder, people?
Simply WOW French Toast
I Yelped this place and talked to a few locals and from what I heard, this place is the place to go.  I was really hoping to get in for lunch or dinner, but we only had time for breaky.  First off, it really had that genuine diner feel...ya know what I mean?  Unlike chains like Shari's or Denny's.   I did hear that it tends to get busy there certain days of the week and times of the day so we decided to hit it on an off day..it was still relatively busy, but regarless we were seated promptly and our waitress was ontop of things pre and post meal.   The food was good!  I had the biscuits and gravy w/eggs, bacon and a side of corned-beef hash and coffee...the S.O. had a vegie omelette and coffee.  It's actually kinda difficult for me to judge breaky, because in my opinion unless you really suck at cooking and/or skimp on the ingredients, you can't really screw up breakfast.....That being said.....the sausage gravy was flavorful and had a modest gravy to ground sausage ratio with a nice thick consistancy..the biscuit was fresh, warm and soft.....eggs, over easy like I asked, bacon...crisp, not cremated and the cornedbeef hash was good!  Good breakfast/diner food. Now there was a moment  where we did notice that a couple of people who arrived after us got their meals before us, but with out even mentioning it our server stopped by to top off our coffees and apologize for that explaining that the cook somehow skipped over our order ticket, but she got right on it and had our meals out ricky-tick.  She also got a more than decent tip from me for her honesty and good service  despite being busy and only two gals on the floor. Another one of those places I wish I could revisit on a regular basis.
This is an amazing spot. Diner with very high standards. Service is always good. I have never had a bad meal here. Fish and chips are amazing. They are famous for dessert and I have told them many times their chocolate pudding is so good they should enter a contest. It is worth the trip alone! As mentioned in another review there are several very attractive waitresses here :)
Don't really understand the hype for this one.  Perhaps I just don't order the right things, but everything I've had seemed pretty standard and prices are higher than many other places in the area. Seems particularly popular with Seniors.  In fact, some locals refer to this as the BlueHair Diner.
We had breakfast on a very crowded Sunday morning. Amazingly, our server managed to keep the coffee coming and our Lumberjack Specials  arrived in a timely fashion. I pat myself o the back for remembering  to bring our own REAL VERMONT MAPLE SYRUP - because, alas, it is not offered on the menu - even for an extra charge. We would not mind paying and extra buck or 2. Real maple syrup on pancakes and waffles makes all the difference in the world. While the waffle could have been hotter, it was otherwise very delicious - crisp, thick, well browned, and tasty. My husband's pancakes looked enticing, and our eggs were scrambled to perfection. 'Sausage was okay and the ham steak was great -  a very generous portion. For $7.95, 2 eggs any style, plus bacon, sausage or ham, and choice of  panckes, waffle or french toast- is not a bad deal at all. I brought home a slice a plain cheesecake (the only way to really judge cheescake is to try it absolutely plain first) and it was good, but  not outstanding. Light, a hint of lemon, crustless, it lacked a bit of flavor. It needed either more vanilla, or bits of lemon peel. But it was a very good effort. The eclair was disappointing - a heavy choux, tasteless pastry cream, and not nearly enough chocolate on top. But there are many more desserts in the glass case awaiting critique and I look forward to eventually trying almost everything. The coconut cream pie looked tempting and would that they had had lemon meringue that day..... We checked out a very appealing dinner menu. DInner prices were a little high for a diner, but hey, look at how the cost of food has shot up in the past year. We will be back to try that famous leg of lamb and fried chicken (if it is home made). For this area, Blue Ribbon is my new favorite diner.
I LOVE the Blue Ribbon. Now, I grew up in Schenectady and as a teenager we were always looking for places to hang out at night since we couldn't go to bars. Mmm coffee and carrot cake at Blue Ribbon is heavenly. Eat there for a huge diner dinner out. Get some breakfast. It's all good. It's a simple evening out and the waitstaff is always friendly.
This place has a lot of fans. As for me, not so much. Menu selections to avoid are the open face grill cheese with bacon and tomato, as well as the Bavarian cheesecake (which was neither Bavarian nor cheesecake). The turkey club sandwich and the onion rings are safe choices.
I've eaten here at least 10 times. This place has a very extensive menu. Some of my meals here have been great while others were average diner quality. Most of my meals here have had good service. The prices are probably a little higher than other diners in the area, however the portions also generally run larger here. One drawback for me as an Iced Tea drinker is that there is only one free refill on the iced tea. That seems somewhat lame to me. It is one of the few restaurants (like maybe 3-4 places) I have seen over the last 20+ years of dining out about 10-15 times per week that doesn't have free refills on iced tea. The dinner specials are a good deal as they include soup and/or salad(may be both), dessert and a non-alcohol beverage.
A diner with no milkshake on the menu! 'Nuff said!
This place has remained in business for over 50 years because they give great service with a varied, delicious and affordable menu. A great place for breakfast at any time!
It's a diner.  Yup, it's a diner.  Pleasant service, pleasant surrounding, pleasant food.  It's a diner.
Stopped by here this morning before doing some errands. Was seated immediately and offered coffee.  Ordered Ham & Cheese omelet with homefries, toast and a side biscuit and gravy. Food arrived very quickly and was pretty good. I like my omelets a little more fluffy, but these were good. Place was busy so the waitress was a little slow with the coffee refill the first time, understandable imo. She was excellent on refills since and checking back on me. I'd definitely make a return trip.
Best diner in Schenectady. Great diner fare, service. Decor is ageless, perfect. Enter and leave troubles behind.
Usual breakfast stop good service and fast.
Lumberjack special is the way to go if your not counting your calories. Service so fast you would have thought we ordered the food ahead of time.
The Blue Ribbon is nothing spectacular as far as diners go, but it suited our purposes fine. The building's got a sort of scizophrenic appearance; the left half features a 1960's dining car sort of look, while the right half feels more like a homey family restaurant. Sevice was a little slow, but we got there at the height of the dinner rush and it was Valentine's Day so the place was swamped. A bread and cracker basket came with our menus, a touch I appreciated even though none of it looked terribly appetizing. According to the fine print on the menu, you're limited to one refill on sodas -- a touch I did NOT appreciate. My friend ordered an appetizer of chicken fingers for his entree, which he said were good though not finger shaped. I ordered two eggs over easy with bacon. The bacon was cooked perfectly, and the eggs were neither runny nor burnt. I would have liked a jelly tray for my toast, but all in all a very solid meal. I wouldn't seek it out in the future, but I wouldn't hesitate to come back either.
I've heard many good things about the blue ribbon diner, but I'm gonna be honest here: the blue ribbon diner is a lot like another blue ribbon- pabst. On the outside it has a classic look to it, but inside it's cheap and a little trashy. we went for breakfast on a Sunday morning and the service was friendly and quick, but the food we were presented with was less than visually stunning. two eggs over easy served with some half burnt homefries and rye toast that could barely be classified as toasted. and the yolk of one of my eggs was broken when they served it to be, a big pet peeve of mine. I want to break the yolk myself so I can eat it before it gets that weird skin on it from being exposed to the air for too long. the french toast was seasoned and cooked well, but was made from slices of white bread as opposed to the thicker breads other local diners use. The coffee was fresh and had a good flavor to it. the food wasn't bad, but better presentation and higher quality ingredients would go a long way.
i love coming here with my grandma. great service. all the servers I've had were always so nice. great food. and YES IT'S A DINER, but it's the best diner to go to in schenectady. i love the place
One of our favorite diners in the area.  Good diner food!
