Ate a quick dinner there tonite and the meal was ok. Atmosphere a little noisey. Beer just so so
They are neighbors of mine. Excellent pizza and the IPA is "wow"!
I've known about the Van Dyck for years but never visited before last night for some reason. Great first impression!  Extremely cordial staff, excellent food and the Mad Jack Christmas Ale is phenomenal!
This is a wonderful place.  The drinks and food are both wonderful, and themenu is more upscale than the sister restaurant, Pinhead Susan's.  The truffle fries are to die for, as is the tri color nacho chips dip with crabmeat, buffalo chicken and spinach/artichoke.  It's a meal all by itself.  The full dinners are wonderful also (but don't order the dip first) as are the paninis.  Great combinations.  Love it.
This is a great sophisticated music venue with amazing history. Check out the mention in PeterGreenberg.com petergreenberg.com/b/Off…
I have only eaten here one time and the food was pretty good. The news about this place is the Beer they brew there (Mad Jack) and the ambiance. They have about 8-10 of all sorts of varieties for all types of beer lovers. They usually have some seasonal ones as well as liquor and wine. The place is in the stockade of Schenectady and has a classic classy feel to it without being pretentious. Friendly service and recommend for some food and drinks and a good time with good people.
Great place for specialty beers and pub food.  My only complaint is the menu is limited and never changes.  That being said, I do always find something to order and it is one of my go-to places to eat.  Casual atmosphere with a great selection of fine beers and now their own brews.
checked their webpage  menu before going there..as well as facebook..but surprise!! they are "changing their menu" so almost nothing was available except a single printed sheet of paper..of course we had no way of knowing this before being seated ..why bother having a webpage if you don't update it?
I love the Stockade and I love the Van Dyck. The atmosphere is great and in the winter its even warm and cozy with the fireplace and in the summer there is a patio dining space. I love the salads and the burgers, also the fries are very yummy. Great staff and service and the price is reasonable given the setting.
Lower rating because the service was so bad.  Took over an hour for our food to get to our table.  The server was completely unapologetic about it and couldn't care less that we were sitting there for over an hour after placing our orders.
Food is definitely well above average and seems fairly priced. The menu has changed a bit since our first visit...more "pub" oriented sandwiches and appetizers than before..since they now have a brewery.  We felt the selection of entrees was a little short compared to the lighter fare choices.  We would have also liked have seen a few gluten-free items on the menu (especially desert) but they did their best to accomodate our preferences.  We've visited several times for dinner, and also to see live music upstairs.  The lighting in the dining room is a bit bright  for our tastes, but still pleasant overall.  As a music venue, the place exudes atmosphere, history, and class.  The crowds are always enthusiastic and friendly.  The acoustics are first-rate.  Waitstaff is attentive. They have a private parking lot a few steps down the street, which seems to fill up fast, but we always manage to find a spot. Overall, the place has a really nice vibe. Because of establishments like the Van Dyck, we now think of Schenectady as one of our favorite destinations in the Capital District.  We'll definitely be back again for both the music and the food!
Went here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised.  Service was great, along with the food.  Steamers were delicious and all our entrees were hot and tasty.  Didn't have to ask for a refill once.  I look forward to checking the bar out.  There beer list looks amazing.
What a nice surprise! We'd gone to the Van Dyck a few years back and we left with a fairly low opinion. We went back tonight, on a whim, and I am happy to report that everything was wonderful. The food was excellent. Husband had the strip steak and it was out of this world and cooked perfectly. I had mango glazed shrimp over fried spinach and a house salad. I panicked because I forgot to ask for the dressing on the side, but when it arrived it was perfectly dressed rather than swimming. The chocolate cake for dessert was good. Not earth shattering, but pleasant. The meal itself was truly impressive. The beer? I was also pleasantly surprised. I'm one of those annoying beer snob sorts so I expected to be disappointed (go ahead, judge me), but I wasn't. The double hefe was a real treat, the dubbel was great, the stout held its own, and I could have settled into the Dutchman Lager or the McTober for the evening if I was feeling Saucy. Nice turn around, Van Dyck!
I love their grilled salmon ! So delicious! My boss said this building has over 150 years history! Nice place nice food!
Great atmosphere. Friendly, attentive staff. Delicious food.
If I could rate on beer alone, it would rate higher--however,  since food was involved it barely rates a three. The Mad Jack beers have come a long way and are quite good, but the food is slow and the weakest of the restaurants in the family. The cheese plate is hunks of store grade queso accompanied by bread of questionable age. The pizza is thick, pressed crust and not worth mention. The cheese plate took like half an hour on a quiet Tuesday night--not sure what's up with that. Since I'm not all negative, their pale ale is really good--well balanced with malt and the blonde & white beers are quite good and style appropriate.  Bonus points to the brewers!
After calling a bunch of places and getting no call backs or vague information, I called Mike at the Van Dyck to reserve a room for a bridal shower.  That same day, I had all the info I needed, and had it reserved with deposit down.  Mike was great to work with and was easy to get a hold of.  On the day of the shower, the room was ready, the food was great, wait staff was attentive and helped out with whatever we asked of them.  I highly recommend booking any event at the Van Dyck, they did a great job.
Nice atmosphere + good food + good beer + competent bar + reasonable prices + great service = excellent experience. I was really happy to find this pub in the stockade distinct. The building has character and history, yet they have maintained it well and keep it clean. It has a cute patio, large bar, and plenty of dining area. My food (a panini) came up quickly and tasted good. I wish they had better bread for the sandwiches (it was just a mushy white bread). Note: Conversation can be difficult in the main bar /dining area when they are busy (are they ever not busy?) due to the hard surfaces. They also have live music some nights. Definitely recommend.
Awesome meals and great entertainment. My BIL is super picky and this got an enthusiastic thumbs up! Highlights were the clams, warm olive and cheese plate, the cheddar beer soup and pulled pork panini. All were fabulous! Didn't get 5 stars because the service was only so-so and the pizza and desserts were just okay.
The bar at the Van Dyke is the place I first discovered my drink of Summer 2013, grapefruit vodka and soda.  I tried a "Grapefruit Cooler" off the cocktail menu my first visit to the Van Dyke, which was bright pink, super sweet; Finlandia Grapefruit Vodka, Lemonade and a splash of Cranberry.   For my second round I wanted something a bit less sugary and asked for the Finlandia Grapefruit with Sprite. I was blown away by how delicious it was; crisp and refreshing, for certain!  I've visited a few other local bars over the past several weeks and haven't found another spot that has the Finlandia, yet. [don't worry; i'll keep looking. ] The food at The Van Dyck is ridiculous. As in, ridiculously amazing.  Everything I've had [did I mention we've been here FIVE times for work functions since the end of April?] has been cooked to perfection.  The menu is filled with great sounding dishes that reach beyond the traditional pub food; they've fancied up popular dinner table favorites.  My favorite dishes so far have been an AMAZING pulled pork Panini which includes tender pork, blue cheese coleslaw, and smoked gouda grilled together to make something magical for your tastebuds, and a Kobe burger topped with caramelized onion cheddar, pickled onions, and fresh leaf lettuce and tomato slices.   We had such a great dinner experience at the Van Dyck, three visit in a row, that we decided to host a last minute large group dinner in one of their banquet rooms.  The service, food, and atmosphere were PERFECT for our group, and one such short notice; to say we were impressed is an understatement.  I've definitely declared The Van Dyck my new favorite spot in Schenectady. Also LOVE the courtyard seating, peanut butter fudge pie and beer brewed in-house; give the tasting tray a try!
Food was good, but don't go if you're on a diet. Lots of atmosphere and service was great.
Stopped in just for a quick beer on our way home from a long morning and afternoon.  We hadn't been here under the current ownership and were interested in tasting the beers that they brew on the premises.  The beer is brewed under the name Mad Jack Brewing Company. Tried the Struffolino Italian Lager (5.4% abv) and the Tub's Stout (6.3% abv) ($4.75/16 oz. each)  The lager was served in a tall pilsner glass and very light in hop flavor.  The stout was smooth, not bitter, with some chocolate aroma. These beers were good enough to bring us back in the future for more beer and to try the food.
It is nice to see the Van Dyke doing so well.  The bar was packed and they have great bartenders. We went to hear live music upstairs. The service was very slow.  We were completely ignored for at least 15 minutes.  I finally went to the bar to be served.  The patrons that were there to see music were noisy so it wasn't the jazz venue I thought it would be. We enjoyed our burger and beer and the music despite everything else.  Not sure we will be back though.
"100 Reasons" by Josh K. It seems like every time I am in the Electric city in the evening, we will make a stop at the Van Dyck as it is my consistent go-to spot in Schenectady.  And there are many reasons why. I have never actually eaten here (I have always wanted to though) so I can't give it the 5 stars yet.  However, when it comes to having  a great environment in the heart of the Stockade (the historical neighborhood gem of the Capital Region) to polish off some micro brews, you can't do better than the Van Dyck. Blah blah blah skip to the last reasons.... Reason # 98: The current management runs a warm, welcoming place that has lots of class but no pretense. You can just as easily hang out at the bar chatting with the cool bartenders or get exemplary service at the tables - with no pressure to do either.  It is a great place to bring a date for a cozy, intimate environment or with a group of friends for a rowdy after hours spot - the Van Dyck has something for everyone. Reason #99: I love that they have a roaring fireplace in the winter and a cool back deck in the summer.  And most evenings, there is also an eclectic mix of live music. Reason # 100: We always come in the winter for the delicious Mad Jack Christmas Ale.  I also am a big fan of their strong Scotch Ale and the smooth Tub's Stout. Reason #1: Now of course the main reason - the beer sampler - only 7 dollars for a very generous amount of brew for everyone to share. So what's your reason?
I happily joined a group of 15 people in a separate dining room to enjoy a fabulous dinner.   Everyone was served quickly and the orders were perfect.   I am a cheese fanatic and love apps so I dined on a very-filling Lobster Quesadilla with Herb Cream Cheese, a Smoked Chicken Mac & Cheese and a large bowl of French Onion Soup.   I can die a happy girl now.
This place has potential, but the beer is just so bad!  I tried the "Belgian Pale Ale" last night and it smelled and tasted like lavender dish soap.  I've had a lot of their beers and none of them have ever stood out as good.   Its a great spot and could be a real competitor if they made better quality beer.  How about some more unique beers rather than "Pale Ale" and "Hefeweizen". I think you are losing a lot of business to the Bier Abbey....
Stopped in on a whim at 9pm on a Tuesday and found friendly service, a good crowd, good music, good food, and the Mad Jack Pumpkin seasonal was excellent. We will be back!
I wish I could split the star ratings for different aspects of a meal. If I could, here's how it would go: for service, maybe 1.5 stars. I brought my little sister here for her birthday, and we planned drinks and dessert at another location afterward. But after waiting- I didn't time it, but it was at least 25 minutes- for a (fried!) appetizer, I should have realized we'd have to change our plans. It was another long wait from there until the entrees (both chicken, no well-done steaks here) arrived. The server was nice enough but offered no explanation or apology for the delay. It got to that unfortunate point where every time she walked out (we sat on the patio- more on that later), we both jumped a little and looked hopefully to see if she was headed for our table (and then sinking back in our seats when she wasn't). Atmosphere: 4 stars. Really nice, actually. The inside looked very cozy, and little sister plans to return with boyfriend in the winter to enjoy the fireplace and give the food another shot. The patio is very pleasant, with soft light and plants placed about the space. (I should mention that I started this review when I visited, which was much earlier in the fall when the weather was still warm.) Food: 3 stars. The appetizer, fried lobster balls, were good but not outstanding, and for a displaced Jersey girl, visiting a state that at least has a coastline provides real hope of some decent seafood, even in fried form. No luck here. I did enjoy my entree, a creative chicken saltimbocco. The chicken breasts were pounded flat and sautéed with sage and prosciutto, which was moist, flavorful, and satisfying. The red skinned mashed potatoes and asparagus were perfect complements. So why only 3 stars? Little sister didn't like her meal. She also ordered a chicken dish- not a Marsala, but a similar wine-based preparation. It was, unfortunately, quite bland. As much a miss as mine was a hit. All in all, a disappointing result for what I was hoping would be a nice birthday meal. Oh, and by the time we finally got out of there, our planned dessert destination had closed, even though we'd left ourselves plenty of time. Oh well. Guess I owe little sister another girls' night out next time I visit.
The beer...that's this place's show stopper.  They make it themselves, the quality is reminiscent of a place paying for their own brew from a large brewer (which some secretly do).  The summer ale is fairly heavily fruited, but beyond that it's one of the of the best summer beers I've had in a long time...tasty yet light with a nice aroma and clean finish. If I brought ia bunch to the beach it would end badly, as I could have that all day.  The lager is good as well, great flavor and nose.  The Bubba Berry is very fruity (raspberry) and a little too sweet for me, but if sweet fruity beers are your thing, you'll be hard pressed to find a tastier one. Adding lemonade is apparently a manager favorite, and is good, but removes any semblance of beer.  The Bock was perhaps my favorite.  I tend to gravitate to lagers and pilsners (currently anyway), but the deep, slightly chocolaty, yet clean flavor was great. The food? The food was pretty good, but on food alone I'd be at 3-3.5 stars.  My burger was pretty good, and the truffle fries were tasty.  I had a pizza the next day that was pretty good as well. The staff?  Every person I interacted with was generally nice and fairly talkative.  I was in Schenectady on business and didn't know anyone, but Van Dyck's made me feel pretty welcome. ...of course keeping a tasty beer in front of me didn't hurt either...
While I have never been here to eat, it's a lovely spot to grab a drink after work. The bar menu is quite nice, and it is brewed in the back yard (bonus). You can also bring your growler if you'd like so that you can fill it up. Anyplace with growler refills is A-OK in my book. It's a gorgeous spot, and apparently theres live jazz which makes it even more incredible. The bartenders are very friendly and helpful. Prices are also very reasonable.
The in-laws were visiting to help us complete our move. We aren't very familiar with Schenectady area restaurants yet, and we needed to find a nice "American" restaurant that was slightly better than casual and would suit everyone's tastes. I think this is going to be one of my favorites. The menu is smallish, but still has a decent amount of variety without trying to be a jack-of-all-foods. Prices were extremely reasonable, with entrees staying under $20. Some might go over if you add chicken or shrimp, but I can't remember for sure. Still - great prices. I had the caramelized pear and walnut salad. Even though I skipped having an app, I couldn't finish this thing and ended up taking a small container of it home. The walnut vinaigrette was delicious, and they didn't go overboard on dressing the salad.  The husband had tortellini in a creamy sauce with prosciutto. He loved it, and it was ridiculously rich so he ended up taking home a small container of that as well (by the way - leftovers held up great, even though my salad was slightly wilted by the dressing, which is to be expected). We somehow found enough room to order dessert and coffee, and chose to split a chocolate tart. It was rich and creamy beyond words, like fudge on steroids. The whipped cream on the side was definitely NOT from a can, and seemed homemade. Funnily enough, all the desserts that night were chocolate (chocolate cheesecake, chocolate moose, chocolate peanut butter cake/pie). The waitress said they change the desserts every week or so, but it was still weird to have an entirely chocolate dessert menu (not a problem for me, though). The in-laws had a house salad, cup of soup of the day, chicken caesar salad, pork tenderloin of some sort, and split a chocolate mousse. They said they were very pleased with their meal. The decor is just...wow. Very classy-cozy.  I'm already making plans to go back in winter. The fireplace is impressive and no doubt makes those long winter nights much cozier. I can already picture myself relaxing with a nice winter warmer or stout, watching the snow fall. Added bonus: we got to chauffeur our in-laws around the Stockade district a bit so they could see the historical buildings.
I had always thought that the Van Dyck was an upscale restaurant, until I went there.  While it's true that they have an upscale section restaurant, that is only part of the story. The Van Dyck also has a brewpub section, which serves their selection of Mad Jack Brewery family of beers.  They have a good menu of pub fare as well.  The soft pretzels that I had ordered as an appetizer was music to my mouth.  The rest of my dinner was also delicious.
The Van Dyk is great. I took my grandmother there for her 83rd birthday and we both really enjoyed ourselves. The physical space is beautiful and a pleasure to be in. It was a cold February day and they had a fire in the fireplace and it was warm and cozy inside. I had a killer french onion soup and grandma had a nice looking tuna melt. I've met friends for drinks and have always had a good time. They loose a point for having an awesome brewery that is not being used. The family that own it are great and know how to run a restaurant.
One of my favorite places to go when visiting Schenectady. Food is good, drinks are too, but over all the ambiance and history do it for me. The staff is extremely courteous, & enjoy the live jazz if you can catch it.
The best thing about the Van Dyck is the beer.  Their Mad Jack Brewery offers a variety of styles ranging from Belgian Whites to their Tub's Stout. Although the patio is small, it offers a great view of the Mad Jack brewing process.  This is a great place to bring friends and grab a bite to eat as their menu prices are very compettive.
Great happy hour place.  You can't beat their half price apps. and discounted beers on Wednesday.  They brew their own beer on sight and they have an excellent appetizer menu.  The entree menu is pretty limited but what they do they do well.  Not the cheapest place to go out (other than Wednesdays!) but great quality service, food and drinks.
The truly adult bar and cafe food at child prices.  Great individual pizzas, probably the third best I've tasted in this area. Trio salad, the best bargain in the area in my opinion for lunch.  Excellent tap bear and a big bar look with a warm small bar feel.  It is a very pretty place and the owners and help are truly welcoming and friendly. The same family own this, the Stockade Inn and Pinhead Susan and each are worth eating and drinking at. For serious food I prefer the Stockade Inn and for a burger I like the feel of  Pinhead Susan which feels just like the bar and grill I ate at in high school... a long time ago. Good people Good food Good beer
Great pub food, nice decor, beer sampler available, and a private lot in the stockade.
Great venue. Food is amazing. Menu is diverse and has some different items that you can't find other places. The nachos are some of the best I have ever tasted.  The mac and cheese pizza is tasty and the pear salad was unique and flavorful.  The beer is excellent and the prices are very good. My only complaint is sometimes, on a busy night, the wait can be extensive.
Fantastic food, great beer and a delightful staff. One of my favorite places to grab a drink. The atmosphere is sophisticated and relaxed.
YUMMY!  Pretzels to start - warmer would be better. Fried haddock - huge and delish.  Companion had steak special. Melt in your mouth tender!!  Sides left a lot to be desired. Asparagus barely cooked and nothing special mashed potatoes.
Great place in Schenectady to just grab a drink at the bar or out back on the patio!  I must say I am happy they have a Gluten Free Pizza just wish they would get some beer to go with it!  Although I don't mind the wine it is a nice pour for the price.  Service is always good....
Very good food and atmosphere! We were able to sit at the bar for about 15 min. while we waited for a table. The bartenders and servers were very nice and attentive and we all really enjoyed their Mad Jack beer selection. Tub's Stout for me!
The VanDyk has reinvented itself again..great food in a classy historic atmosphere. Making their own beer again as well. Anything on the menu is good but I have a soft spot for the lobster BLT. Giant chunks of lobster in a tasty sandwich. Had the turkey corn chowder today and it was fantastc. My companions each ordered salads and the were so good they saved some to take home. This historic jazz mecca is worth a stop for lunch dinner or just drinks with friends.
The special steak Marsala was the best steak I have had in a long time. Cooked perfectly rare and the Marsala sauce was done to perfection. The sides could have been better but overall a great meal.
