One of Schenectady's best! They are open for breakfast and lunch and have great selections for both. Their eggs and French toast are delicious. Red sauce and meatballs are a  good choice too. Quick and friendly service makes the experience even better. A favorite among Union College students.
I keep meeting people that live in the area who have never heard of Peter Pause.  And that my friends is a crime. I love this place.  Which is why I have upgraded this institution to five stars. This is big for me, because I don't generally help out praise.  And I'm a bit concerned about setting people's expectations too high.  Not everything on the menu is fantastic. The Italian bean soup is unfortunate. But the things that they do well are delicious and so reasonably priced, it is no wonder that even at 1p on a weekday, there may not be an open table.   What they do well is red sauce.  And Italian bread.  And eggplant.  And meatballs.  Recently I asked them if they made their own meatballs.  Honestly, I think they were a little offended by the question.  But they do, and they are delightfully light and moist.  The meatball sandwich, drenched in tomato sauce between two pieces of Italian bread weighs in under $6 and its a steal.  The eggplant sandwich is pretty fabulous too. Plus, I love how this humble little place pulls in a cross section of Schenectady.  There are professionals in suits and ties, retirees, blue collar laborers, parents with children, college students, and even ladies who lunch.   Sure you may feel out of place coming here as a first timer.  It seems as if the people who go here, have been going for years.  But in a few years, you will be one of them too.
Oi, I feel so ashamed even writing this.  I'll confess my bias up front so you can determine what size grain of salt you want to add to this review: I grew up in an Italian family, with homemade pasta, meatballs (the size of a child's fist and very very delicious), and sauce being the standard on a week to week basis.  Nobody, and I mean nobody, beats my grandmother's meatballs.  And coming from the Bronx/NYC area, and eating out at a lot of small, family owned Italian places there, I can be very, very VERY picky when it comes to Italian food.   This is why 1) I don't eat out at Italian places very often in the upstate NY area and 2) if I do, I don't bother writing about it, because it feels almost unfair.  But I keep seeing these great reviews for this place, so I was determined to try it and put in my two cents.  They're only open from 6 am - 2pm Monday through Friday, and as I happened to be home during the day today, I decided to stop in. I will start with the praise: the bread - A++.  Crust is the perfect hardness.  Very delicious.  So glad they gave us 3 enormous pieces each.  The stracciatella (Italian egg-drop chicken soup) - super good.  I wanted to take a gallon of it home.  The prices - very good.  Extremely reasonable and good sized portions.  The service - good.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The not so good: the pasta e fagioli.  The sauce was very ketchup-y.  Fiance finished it, but I wouldn't have.  The sauce - super meh.  Seems like it came from a can and is a little sweet for my taste.   The in-between: the meatballs - *shrug* I suppose people like them.  I don't get the big deal.  I do believe they are homemade, which is a bonus.  I just didn't find them remarkable at all.  The pasta - not bad.  I got the ravioli and fiance got the cavatelli.  Nothing good or bad to say. So, in conclusion (and this is going to sound super snobby, so brace yourselves) if you don't know any better, this is a great place for you (whoa, that WAS super snobby...crap...should I delete that?...nah).  If you've been raised in an Italian family surrounded by Italian food all your life, you might not be as impressed.
Talk about a face lift. I haven't been to Peter Pause in months and almost walked right past it this afternoon. I miss the old sign, but in the words of Don Draper, change isn't good or bad. It just is. Here's one thing that hasn't changed: the food. You ever sit down somewhere hoping for the perfect meal, a meal satisfying both the stomach and the soul? Peter Pause met my needs today. Imagine a perfectly fried piece of eggplant, dripping with cheese, nestled between two pieces of Italian bread and doused in red sauce. Delicious, right? Add two moist, savory meatballs to the mix and not only do you have an outstanding lunch, but you're on your way to quick heart attack at age 44. Food like this brings me back to my childhood with the Italian American family I never had. It replaces the meat and potato memories with warm, red sauces and hearty Italian bread. For that, I will travel back to Schenectady on the rare weekday lunch I have off from work.
Gee, I guess there isn't much call for a Yelp community in Schenec. Which is a shame, because all these places I'm reviewing are off the HOOK. Peter Pause is a fabulous breakfast-lunch joint near Union College. It gets super crowded, and for good reason-- it's awesome.  They serve Italian lunch stuff- the eggplant parm sandwich is to die for- and basic diner breakfast fare. At rock-bottom prices. And I mean ROCK. As strange as it may be, I always get an egg salad sandwich when I come here, because it's so freaking good. Sure, I could make it at home (whereas I couldn't make eggplant parm), but it'd never measure up. Closes at one, and seats about 25, so get there early if you want lunch. Say hi to Bruno behind the counter, and you'll get a smile. If this sounds like a Norman Rockwell painting...it's because it is.
This is probably my favorite place to eat in Schenectady, not only because I love the food, but also the owner, Bruno! He makes all of the food himself on a grill and always has a smile and a friendly attitude. The menu is pretty simple, the basic breakfast and lunch but I have never had anything that I did not enjoy. They make their own Italian bread every day and it is to die for! My personal favorite is the Bacon McBruno on Italian bread, which is a breakfast sandwich grilled to perfection. The home fries are also delicious, especially when you ask for them extra crispy. I've yet to try the pasta because I can never get enough of their sandwiches. I also highly recommend the tuna melt. The only downfall of this restaurant is that it is only open Monday-Friday from 6am-2pm. At times it gets pretty crowded but it is definitely worth the wait!
Schenectady is full of these gems. It looks like some combination of a diner and grandma's house. There's counter seating for around 10 in addition to the dining area. You can tell that the Italian bread is fresh - chewy with just enough crusty crunch. The eggplant sandwich is as good as people say, and the Stracciatella soup of the day was delicious.
Worst eggplant parm I've ever had, mushy, no cheese. Thin it was but that's all I can say about it, also ordered the chicken parm for Christmas dinner, expensive patties, such a thin slice of mozzarella on the chicken that you could see the meat underneath. The meat was not all that good either, a bit dry even though I reheated exactly as she instructed not 1 minute longer.  The sauce for the top was nothing more than canned grocery store Hunts or some other brand, no seasoning, no flavor, what a rip off. This lady has some nerve charging what she does for what she gives you. Steer clear!   Next time I'm looking for good eggplant parm I'll look elsewhere!
Peter Pause is a great little place with generous serving sizes, fresh home-made bread, and excellent prices. I unfortunately haven't been over to it since the facelift but my only complaint about it before was that it could be extraordinarily difficult to find a place to sit. Especially around lunch time, Peter Pause fills up and you can find yourself with no other option than having to take the food to-go. Calling ahead to place an order is definitely recommended because if the place is packed, at least the food is ready for you to box it up and take it out. The food and the sauce are by no means amazing, but for what they are and what they do, it works very nicely. Combining that with the price, you really can't go wrong here.
This place should be on DDD on the food channel. If it didn't have the sign, it could be a speakeasy, no one I know seems to have heard of it and you only find it through word of mouth.The food is so amazing, you need to become a regular, not get into a rut and try everything, then go back to your favorites. You'll think nothing of getting a heavy meal at 11AM. It's definitely suited for dinner, but you have to make due. If I were a student at Union, you would find me at school or here.
I was in Schenectady for a week and decided to give this place a try after reading the great reviews here. I wasn't disappointed. It's a very authentic small town diner experience with no frills. I ordered the hot eggplant sandwich which was priced around $5.50. I loved the tangy tomato sauce they serve with the sandwich. The two slices of Italian bread used to cradle the eggplant were so soft. It was delectable! It's going to be hard going back to egglant parm sandwiches served on rolls. I only wish there was a place like this near me. FYI, it's only open on weekdays until 2pm.
Looked like a great place, went in for lunch today, got seated at the same time as a table of 5 guys, waited 20 minutes, waitress twice told us she would "be right with us" as she talked to other customers and served other tables. We ended up leaving after waiting for more than 20 minuntes...this place is not worth the wait!
Meh, we love the greasy spoon ambiance here but the food has disappointed on repeat visits. It's nothing bad, it's just blindingly bland. I cannot justify the fourth star anymore.
This restaraunt is a Schenectady institution. I do take offence to the previous reviewer that trys to compare Peter Pause to a Brooklyn neighborhood Italian restaraunt. Peter Pause is simply a great place to eat. The ambiance is half the fun and you always get a warm welcome and thank you from Bruno the owner.....without a doubt the best breakfast in Schenectady. Everything at the Peter Pause is a little better than you would expect for a neighborhood diner....the homemade italian bread is awesome....bring cash...they don't take credit cards...you won't need much though!  Sorry Brooklyn....Ill keep Bruno and Schenectady.....
Great No-nonsence diner with fun wait staff, food like grandma cooks and delicious fresh baked bread. My parents had the Eggplant Parm sandwhich (it was massive) and, they said, excellent. I had the grilled cheese and Cappicola ham. So tasty. Real comfort food at it's best. Amazing chicken noodle soup like my Mom makes. Great prices. A real diamond in the rough. Enjoy!
Well, this place certainly was hyped a lot. Overall it has a nice homemade kind of feel to it. The food is hearty and filling, and reasonably priced. The place sure does get crowded, and is only open for lunch, so you kind of have to make a note of trying to go there. Good eats, good times.
Absolutely fantastic spot.  The food is freshly made and delicious (and damn cheap as well - $2.50 for a cheeseburger?!?). I got the eggplant Parmesan that has been mentioned here twice already and it truly is delicious.  The ingredients make it to die for.  A healthy serving of home fries with onions on the side and I was all set.
The homemade Italian bread here is to die for.  Can't imagine anyone choosing anything other than this to accompany their breakfast.  It is thick and chewy with a crispy crust.  Prices have increased a bit over the past year, but its still a very good deal.   Only complaint is that the place is small and so popular that it can get really tight.
