Fast service, fantastic burger and fries! Even some free peanuts as we waited for a few minutes. Very affordable! Definitely going back!
Great burgers and addictive Cajun fries that they give huge portions of even if you order a small. Blows away McDonalds so worth the extra cost. Place is a little grimy and not comfortable do its best for takeout.
I love this place. Their food is amazing. I like their Cheeseburgers and French Fries. They use 100% real hamburger meat and no fillers. So much more healthier than other places I used to go to. I don't go to those places now. But Five Guys rocks. I also like how they give out free Peanuts. I snack on those while I wait on my meals. The only thing I wish, is that their prices were lower. I find them a little expensive. But for a healthy meal, it is worth it! If you want a really delicious Cheeseburger go to Five Guys! You won't regret it.
I go all the time... Its a pricey burger, but then again you are eating a chunk of heaven
I love Five Guys, but I'm still not sold on this location.  A while ago I had a disastrous experience there.  To the chains credit, the regional manager stepped in and contacted me directly to set things right.   But I was just back recently, and was struck by the lack of urgency behind the counter.  I also suspect that the griddle was set too low, because my burger was both lacking its trademark juiciness and its stunning crust.  The fries were delicious though. Really it's a shame. As long as I'm being picky, about a third of the tables, those closest to the bathroom, are completely disgusting.  Every time the bathroom door opens, you get a whiff of that entirely unappetizing urinal cake smell.  It makes me want to wretch. The remaining tables are fine, except in winter, when they get a gust of freezing air every time someone walks into the restaurant.  Maybe I'm getting old, maybe I'm forgetting about other locations, but when I didn't realize how deafeningly loud it was in there until I left.  Wow. I do love Five Guys.  And I love Schenectady too.  I wish I could recommend the Five Guys in Schenectady, but I cannot.
What's to say about Five Guys that hasn't already been said? It's the In n' Out of the East coast (well now they have them on the west coast too so that theory is shot, but it still stands). They have a simple menu, Burgers, Fries, Dogs. You add the toppings you want (otherwise it comes completely plain). What I usually get: Mayo, Ketchup, Fresh Onions, Sauteed Mushrooms. And if I'm feelin' it, I'll get Lettuce, tomato, and pickle. On a Small cheeseburger - which means 1 patty instead of 2. They can sometimes be slow, but that's only cause it's always made to order and super fresh. .... I almost have them 4 stars instead of 5 because of this. But decided for the freshness it's worth the wait. The prices are very reasonable. Burger, fries, and a drink will run you about $9 or so. I love the fries. You can choose between regular and Cajun style. I like both so I mix it up depending on my mood. I LOVE that Five Guys gives you a HEAPING scoop of fries inside your bag of fries. But I absolutely HATE that they put them in a Styrofoam cup. Come on, now. Really? A paper cup that is much more "Earth Friendly" as corny as that sounds will work just fine! In fact, from now on I plan on asking for them to skip the styofoam cup inside the bag of fries. Deal? Deal.
While in Upstate Yew Nork we decided to try out some places.  This is where Yelp became very helpful.  No more will I trust magazine and newspaper reviews, nor the food or travel network (I believe most places tend to step up their quality of food and service when there's a camera crew present)...from now on it's all about what you, the Yelpers have to say......that being said, I Yelped the local restaurants and food and Five Guys Famous Burgers and Fries came up. Now this is a no frills place...I like that....where the overhead isn't wasted on the logos on the napkins, cups, bags etc...it's about the food and service.   I would say that this place is the Dick's of the East with some differences.  I looks like they have a standard menu that doesn't change, just like Dicks....but they have a few more offerings than Dicks...and from what I've read and seen, it's all fresh...they boast that all the burgers are fresh and never frozen...and the price is just right for a poor college student or the family of four. I'll tell ya what, you can tell the difference between frozen and fresh because the double bacon cheese burger I ate was one tastey burger.  I also had a hotdog with bacon and large fry and pop.  You can get what ever you want on your burger or dog at no additional cost. I will admit, my stomach had something to say not long after.  I don't know why..I mean it was all so good going down.  It might've been that the beef in my burger was so fresh that it was a shock to the digestive system, or maybe too much bacon between the burger and dog....but is there really such a thing as too much bacon?  Regardless, if we had one here I'd go again.....I'll just have to wait until I fly back east. *UPDATE 12/29/2009*  It looks like they opened one near North Gate!  I'll have to give that one a go and get back to y'all....unless some of you get to it before me.
Ever wonder what it feels like to have a cinder block in your stomach and face potential incapacitation an hour or so later? I encourage you to visit Five Guys. Listen, here's the deal: Five Guys does make a hell of a burger. It's not the best I've ever had, but it's really good. The fries are prepared in peanut oil which is a pretty good touch. And, while we're on the topic of fries, when they ask you what size you want, you may find yourself considering the large. For God's sake, man, don't get the large! You're not a superhero. I personally hold the theory that it is physically impossible for a single human being to eat an entire large order of their fries. The way they do the fries is that they fill up the cup, put it in the bag with your burger, and then dump another heaping pile of fries on top of it all. Even with the "small" size, you get a metric ass-ton of fries. No joke. I will say that the food is pretty heavy. It doesn't bother me so much but some of my friends sing the praises of Five Guys while they're eating it, and pray for death afterwards. Regardless, they keep coming back. It's no surprise why.
I like Five Guys in general, and my experience here was about standard for a Five Guys.  Yummy burgers with a ton of topping choices and tasty fries with the skins still on them.  They always give you more fries than you'd expect.  I like that you choose between a regular burger (2 patties) or a little burger (1) for the kiddies or those of us who are trying not to gorge ourselves.  And I appreciate the bottles of vinegar they have available for dipping.  This location also offers a little entertainment with your food -- a liberally-tattooed staff person who sings and dances while he works.   My one complaint, which again applies to all Five Guys locations, is that they wrap your stuff in foil regardless of whether you want it to-go.  Sure, the foil keeps things contained, but I'd rather not have my bun at risk of smooshing.  It doesn't always smoosh, but often.  It's never gotten soggy though, so I can't complain too much.
I've been to many Five Guys location, and it is consistently great. I'm reviewing this locations, since it's the one I frequent the most. Five Guys offers some of (and in my opinion, the best) west-coast (thin patty) burgers on the eastern seaboard. The patties are thin but not dry at all. In fact, the patties are juicy and just greasy enough. They're seasoned and seared absolutely perfectly every time. And the toppings! They have at least a dozen toppings and they're all free. Even if you get every single one piled on. Now lets talk about the fries. Im actually not a big french fry fan, but when it comes to these peanut-oil fried goodies, i'll make an exception. For a top-tier burger for essentially fast-food prices, Five guys is a no-brainer.
This location generic as I have only been to the Westmere location. Burgers tasty, toppings good.  Potatoes okay, peanuts are free.  Ton of fries in your bag.  Why have regular and large drinks when refills are free?   Atmosphere college kid and sparse.  You cannot make a truly healthy choice here, other than what is in the topping choices, there are no vegetables other than fries anywhere to be seen.  All drinks other than water appear to be sweetened. Inandout Burgers (West Coast Burger Chain) offer for one, a Protein Burger, dressed as you wish, with a lettuce wrap rather than bun. I enjoyed the burger/fries/ lamented the atmosphere (even for its genre), and the lack of any healthy balance offered.
I had never heard of Five Guys until my gf moved to the Albany area.  After eating here 4 or 5 times now, I must say that it might be the best burger I've ever had. The amount of options for your burger is staggering, and they'll put anything on the side that you need.  French fries are piled on with your order - a "small" order usually means a pile of fries that dwarfs the container they are meant for.   Ocassionally when you walk in the place is pretty messy - which detracts from your experience inside.  However, you can't be too picky when eating at a place like this...they do one thing, and they do it well.
Hands down, THE BEST BURGER JOINT in the US. I heard about them for years while living in DC but never thought a burger could really be that good. WRONG. This place is fantastically successful because their formula for success works: great food, simple atmosphere, fast service, great prices. Now if they would only add milkshakes...... Farrah Ashline
Mmmm *drool* *hllhlhlhllhl* (that last one is supposed to be that sound Homer Simpson makes when he wants to eat something) Firstly, my dad is NOT a huge burger and fries eater. He'll eat it but he's not super into them usually. So when he suggested that we eat here and said, "Erin's never been to one! Come on!" (or something to that effect) I knew it'd be good. Luckily I was informed that the regular burger is a double so I ordered the single burger. (Phew). I'm a huge fan of any place where you can put jalapenos on something so that was a big plus. The burger was delicious and really hit the spot. The fries are...amazing. I wouldn't say I'd like stuff cooked in peanut oil since I hate peanut sauce but these are...the best. And they gave us a TON of them. We ordered 2 orders of fries (or a small and large...something like that) and they put them in a paper bag and then filled up the rest. Yes, the guy who did this was a former student of my mom's but still. Delightful and way too much food. Can't wait to go back. Yum...
I doubt I can add anything to the reviews of Five Guys, which has its schtick down very well as the better-fast-food-burger joint, but I'd like to dismiss this from my reminder list on Yelp, so here goes. I also will also try to refrain (unsuccessfully, see below) from the  inevitable comparisons to In-and-Out Burger since they're not overlapping territories as yet, at least not around here, but there are some obvious similarities. What I'd like them to add: (1) better drink options for kids, e.g. milk or non-syrupy juice; (2) milkshakes (as a bonus, one thing missing that In-and-Out has, and they're a high profit/margin item anyway), (3) better seating at all their locations. As for this location, it seems pretty well-run - we've never had an order wrong and everything has been quite prompt. The internal seating layout is awkward and encourages bumped elbows around the drink and condiment counters, and in winter it's wicked cold in the front half of the store since there are no double doors. I can't downgrade them too far on these fronts since otherwise it's a good joint, but they're not anywhere close to a fifth star as a result.
The burgers are big and well priced. They give you a crazy huge amount of fries so their normal size is a lot for even two people. All their toppings are free too, which is great. There are free peanuts at each table as appetizers. All in all it is great and is the place to go if you want a burger. open 11am - 10pm 7 days a week
Located in the Mohawk Commons. I usually get the cheeseburger (two fresh ground beef patties-not frozen), topped with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, pickles, ketchup, and mayo. The fresh cut fries are fried in peanut oil and served in a cup. Free Coke soft drink refills from the fountain. I also enjoy the complementary roasted peanuts from the large box near the counter. Overall, great burgers and fries!
So apparently this place is a chain, although this is my first visit to any 5-guys.    The burgers are fantastic -- they are freshly made so you have to wait a bit longer than at your average burger joint, but it is totally worth it.   My burger was juicy and bursting with toppings -- the regular burger is large & comes with 2 thick patties.    Thanks to NY state the place has to post calorie counts so when you go in you can see just how bad things are for you.   That said, the small fries are more than 700 calories so I skipped those and had the burger only.   5-stars, would go back for another burger in a heartbeat.
Just great food and like any five guys, great service. And always a warning, if you get the fries, have some one to share them with!
I love this place...always fresh and hot and prepared how you like it.
Well I know this place gets outstanding reviews typically and I am a big fan of the place but It doesn't stand out enough for me to say that this place is the best.  It is certainly the best if you compare it to fast food but when compared to a good dinner burger its just good. Its hard to compare it to its peers because I'm not really sure what its peers are. Having said this they do have a very good burger and good fries.Two things are key about this place. First the kitchen is visible to the consumer, so you can see everything they do to that burger. What you will notice is they are putting a fresh beef patty on a griddle, no frozen meat here going through a weird "flame broiled" machine. Second you can customize the heck out of your burger with out getting nickle and dimed. This place gets 4 stars if your comparing it to fast food, but I'm still looking for that best burger.
Great fries, great burgers. See CC's review of the Glenmont store: yelp.com/biz/aioNRzBP6ex… .  I've probably been to the Mohawk Commons store a half dozen times & have never had issues with quality or service.
I've been in this location only twice. The music is always loud, the place is always crowded enough that you always have to bring a seat from someplace else or eat out in your car.  The music is loud enough that it drives some people back out the door, the second they walk in the building.  The presentation of the food is comparable to all Five Guys establishments; thrown together, any ol' way into the bag, grease dripping off the burgers and onto the remainder of the wrappers and other food in bag, intertwined with the fries which always seem to mask the location of your burgers in the bag.
Greasy, char burger, so hit or miss. Fries are the best part of your meal. Im not feeling the whol chain aspect of this place either. I like that you can choose what toppings you want. Juicy burger around here is better.
Good but not healthy. I guys once a month won't kill you.
Great Burgers, lots of topping options (jalapenos being my personal favorite) good greasy fresh-cut fries, good portion size, peanuts while you wait for your order, good prices
What isn't to like? I often go for the veggie sandwich all the way with the cajun fries. This is a family favorite for us.
I've been there twice, both times with someone else.  Both times, one burger had the wrong toppings, and the wait to have the error fixed was quite long.  Meanwhile, the second burger got cold.  The fries are good if they're hot, but most of ours weren't.
The people at this location make it worth the trip.  The food is what you'd expect from a *good* burger joint, hearty burgers and thick cut fries - always piping hot!  But again, the people make the difference for me.  Something about that extra bit of friendliness, extra generosity, and ever-jovial spirit that makes me wonder... what is it?  Is it real?  And where can I get some?  Double thumbs up and a big greasy smile for these Five Guys!
