Spouse and I went to restaurant on a Monday for lunch.  Overall good experience.   There is free two hour parking within walking distance at lunch time.   Granted the décor is a little 'old school' for an Italian restaurant. The food and service was  great.  To start we shared the Italian Nachos. Large portion for appetizer and absolutely delicious.  It is deep fried pasta with cheese, peppers, sausage, and black olives. It tasted out of this world.  My spouse followed up with one of the specials of the day - fresh caprese sandwich with homemade potato chips.  I had the cowboy sicilian sandwich with homemade potato chips.  Again the portions were huge. We both only ate half and took the other half home.   The service was very good and the food was great.
We arrived at 6:15ish on Monday, September 15, 2014.  There was a show at Proctor's so it was crowded.   We had no reservation and we were seated in about 8 minutes after some sort of employee huddle. We ordered Spiedini alla Romana as an appetizer  It was slices of bread skewered with fresh mozzarella cheese and covered with a delicious mushroom garlic sauce. It came out promptly and tasted great. They also brought a bread basket with olive oil with balsamic vinegar. The bread was very fresh as well as warm!  Beth ordered the Johnny's Scallopini alla Marsala and reports that the dish was delicious.  The chicken was light and tender, the roasted potato wedges and green beans were cocked perfectly, and the sauce was light but filled with garlic and mushrooms and complimented the rest of the dish perfectly. I ordered a special-of-the-day with grilled chicken, homemade ziti and roasted tomatoes over a creamy pesto sauce. I liked it, but did not like it as well as Beth's dish.   Our server was Andrew.   He was obviously well trained and did a good job.   The atmosphere can only be described as LOUD due to other diners speaking quite loud.
Why should an Italian restaurant in the heart of Schenectady be busy on a Monday night?  Especially if there is no show playing across the street at Proctor's.  While I still don't know the answer to that question, I'm a believer that you should make a reservation to be on the safe side. Fortunately, we were able to be seated right away.  My wife had been here once before, so she knew enough to request a table in the bar area where the din of conversation from all the people was less than in the back room dining area. We've had nachos with tortilla chips and Irish nachos with potato chips and fries, but we've never had Italian Nachos ($10.25) with fresh fried pasta, topped with sweet Italian sausage crumbles, diced Roma tomatoes, Calamata olives, and a creamy Italian cheese sauce.  This could have been a meal for one, or an appetizer for three or even four. The fried pasta reminded me of the leftover dough that my Ukrainian Grandmother would fry after making pierogi, except she sprinkled powdered sugar on hers.  To its credit, the kitchen did a nice job on this concoction.  The pasta was crisp and not greasy, the sausage was plentiful, and the cheese sauce did not drown everything. My wife ordered the Sausage & Eggplant Capri al Vincenzo ($17.25) - layers of thin sliced eggplant with sweet Italian sausage, topped with tomato sauce and melted mozzarella.  Their house-made ziti was served on the side.  She really enjoyed the tomato sauce and for the second time said she believes it tastes as good as what is served at D'Raymonds - her favorite. I had decided on the Sicilian Cowboy ($14.95), not realizing at first that I would be ordering a hamburger.  But that was not a problem since I was attracted by the blend of hand chopped short rib and brisket topped with crispy bacon, Fontinella cheese and sage truffle oil, served on a Brioche bun with a side of truffle parmesan fries.  I asked for medium-rare and it that was the way it came out.  The bacon was nice and crispy as advertised, the all the flavors blended well.  What surprised me was that I didn't enjoy the fries as much as I thought I would.  I think the truffle flavor was too strong on the fries which were otherwise nicely done. Too full to even look at the dessert menu, we concentrated on finishing our drinks, Guinness ($6/pint) and a Summer Shandy ($6).  Service was mixed, as in several individuals stopping by to check on us, yet three requests to three different individuals was necessary to get replacement napkins since the originals were needed to clean up a spill.  Also, while it may have been an honest mistake, a casual check of my credit card online a week later, showed that my credit card had been scanned twice for two different bills. So far, management has been very responsive in moving to correct the situation.
I wish I could say something more positive as this restaurant has such a great reputation. Unfortunately, I got the chicken Marsala and although it was okay it was unimpressive. My chicken was dry and stringy and the Marsala flavor was there just not in depth or savory. The restaurant was clean and nice and the staff were friendly and professional. I'd be willing to give it another try based on it's reputation though. Update: after reading other reviews, I realized I wasn't offered any specials either. If they had them on a Friday night, I wasn't told of any. :-(
went as a party of 4 on a Wed. nite.  Had reservations.  arrived early and had a drink at the bar.  While still waiting for dinner, we waited for a bartender to offer.  Finally after about 10 min. one showed up (there were 4 bartenders for the bar, all talking to each other,  where 2 was probably enough).  He was the only one that left the conversation to take care of customers.  Finally got seated for dinner.  Waitress showed up with menus and said she'd be back shortly.  Didn't see her for 20 minutes and asked another one to get her.  Getting dinner served also took a while. Pros: good food, reasonable prices. Cons: horrible service, lousy acoustics (very loud)
A great place to have fresh pasta. They have a good and unique variety in their menu. It's a busy place so service is a bit slow, but manageable. Worth going back to try more  of heir delicious meals.
I was going to be in the Albany area this past Monday and naturally I checked this site to find a good place to eat.  Johnny's is a nice restaurant whose atmosphere reminds me of the way Italian restaurants use to be before Olive Garden and Buca became the "norm".  We arrive Monday roughly around 12:30.  We did not have a reservation but this was not a problem.  We walked through a spacious bar decorated in wood and brick and were brought back to the dining area.  There were roughly 30 people eating there already.  We were greeted by our server.  He was nice, and seemed knowledgeable.  I ordered the chicken parm with homemade ziti and my wife ordered the chopped salad without onions.  Johnny's is known for their homemade macaroni.  There server brought out the drinks quickly but we did not receive any bread.  We noticed other tables had bread, it wasn't a big enough issue for us to bring it up.  Our meals arrived in 20 minutes.  The chicken parm was breaded and fried and blanketed the ziti.  The chopped salad had onions but my wife did not want to send it back.  I am always both impressed and leery when servers don't write the orders down.  I know this is suppose to impress me but more often than not something seems to be wrong with an order when the server does this.  The food was very good, sauce was sweet, ziti was good.  I would definitely go back here again.  Reservations are a must especially if there is a show at the Proctors theater.  Parking is on the street and you pay for a max of 2 hours.  On a side note, when you pay for parking out of the machine, just check the slot that the ticket comes out of before paying.  The machine I used had something in the slot and after I paid I was unable to retrieve my ticket.  I had to go to a machine across the street and pay again.
Great food. Popular place and definitely need a reservation to dine here.  I felt the eggplant parm portion was a little small.  I could have done without the pasta side.  The Italian dressing tastes a bit like bottled zesty Italian.  Overall a great experience and would definitely done here again
This is good old-fashioned stick-to-your-ribs Italian-American food, and that can't ever be a bad thing. Fresh pasta can never be a bad thing either. This place is a home run for lunch or dinner!
Hmmm. I'm mixed here. The ambiance I don't get. It's kinda chainy inside with their decor and music. Not really what I expected. We sat at the bar and ate on a thurs night and the service from the bartenders was terrible. No one asked us how our meal was or were around for long periods of time when we needed them. On the other hand.. My friend had the minestra which I tried and was very good. My ziti with white clam sauce was pretty good but that's not too hard to screw up. She thought her eggplant rollatini was just ok. The antipasto plate I had was alot for 1 person but the cheese served with it was boring and not enough. They need a better cheese selection. Prices are ok, food was ok.. Overall I thought it was nothing exceptional. I still prefer Ferraris for old school Italian.
We had a train layover in Schenectady, and bf needed a haircut & we both wanted some good lunch with outdoor seating. We ended up going to the barber visible from the train station (best haircut he's had since we moved to WNY) and the barbers told us about Johnny's two blocks up on State. They had menus handy, and my only pre-recs -- Diet Pepsi & outdoor seating -- were met, so we strolled down. Surprisingly downtown Schenectady is kind of adorable, and the main strip that Johnny's is on reminds me of Main St in Montpelier, with boutiques and used book stores and restaurants galore. We were sat immediately outside as requested, and our server Matthew was attentive & helpful. I got the fish special - grilled marinated salmon (prob about 7 ounces) and a nice big salad of fresh greens, cherry tomatoes, and cukes with an in house dressing. Everything was fresh and delicious, salmon was perfect. BF got the mussels marinara (prob 15-20 mussels, plus fresh homemade pasta & marinara) and he said it was excellent. Portions were more dinner-sized than lunch sized (good for us, because we had a 6 hr train ride ahead of us!) but the best part --bill total with a Diet Pepsi & those two entrees, plus fresh bread & olive oil for dipping: $22.04. INCREDIBLE lunch value. And if I lived in Schenectady, the food was good enough that I'd be back, for dinner, and pay dinner prices. And bring friends. We will return on our next layover. Yum!
While the service might have been a tad slow, it was well worth the wait! Our appetizer of fried calamari was delicious, made even better with a tasty garlic aioli. The calamari wasn't rubbery or overcooked and the breaking was light and crispy. All the entrees were stand out as well. My veal sorrento, veal and eggplant layered with cheese and sauce, was delicious. The veal was cooked perfectly and theirs marinara sauce is fantastic. The pasta is all freshly made and you can taste the difference! It was great! My dad got the ravioli montecasino, freshly made ravioli in a smoked sundried tomato cream sauce, which had a great flavor that wasn't overwhelmed by smoke, which similar sauces tend to have. My mom loved her chicken marsala. My brother a sister, both of simpler tastes, had chicken and veal parmigianas, which both of them enjoyed very much. They were also very accommodating of my brothers food allergies, always appreciated! We definitely plan on going back!
Ok lived in the stockade for years and said what the heck lets try it as we have so many Italian Rest in the area!  First had reservations and they sat walk in before us???  We didn't care where we were seated mind you.. They sat us in the dining room next to the Jay Street window and it was busy with waiters/waitresses back and forth. Then after a 10 min wait our waitress to arrived and did not tell us of any specials, didn't think they had them but heard after we ordered her telling others of the specials.  We had to ask twice for bread as it was not offered as everything is ala cart thought we would have to pay for that too.  The good thing is they do offer Gluten Free pasta and any meal can be made that way so I was happy with that.  When I got my GF pasta it was broken to bits and watery!  My parm was ok but fire grilled was a tad off putting as parm doesn't taste like a grill.  The sauce was just ok.  My partner got a steak with hot peppers, potatoes, a side of pasta and a garden salad for $31.00 after all the extra charges.  The steak was cook perfectly and salad was good not just iceberg thankfully but he didn't need the pasta and didn't care for the sauce either.
Our food was great!  From the apps to entrees I was impressed. Service was average. Bit delayed for drinks and follow up. My first dirty martini was great second one was mediocre.
The reviews on here are quite scattered. I am a fan of Mallozzi's so I knew I wanted to try Johnny's but I didn't expect to be blown away. The food was outstanding from the bread to the entrees. If you have a group of people I highly suggest splitting the Italian nachos. One of the more creative dishes I've seen in awhile. The sausage alone was fantastic. It's large and heavy so you may not want to eat your dinner if don't have alot of people helping you. For dinner I got the eggplant rollatini. The red sauce was thick and tasty and they only serve fresh pasta which is noticeably better. Even though they are fairly new its already a very popular place. I called Thursday afternoon for a Friday night reservation for 2 and they only had a high top available at 7:30. So call early for reservations and don't expect to just pop in if you are in the neighborhood. The location is great if you are going to Proctor's but otherwise you may have a slight walk because they are downtown and its on street parking only. The service was great and I enjoyed our waiter but plan on being there for 1.5-2 hrs. We received our appetizer quickly but there was a large gap before receiving the entrees.
Can't believe it , but I eat dinner here twice , on 2 nites , back to back. Think Maggiano's but plenty of local flavor.
We were searching for something good for dinner.  The other places popping up on Yelp did not look good upon a drive by menu check.  So we ended up at Johnny's.  We were concerned the food or service might suffer because they could relay on their location and new, fresh and clean facilities. We were pleasantly surprised by some of the best service we have had in a long time and great food as well.  Our server was personal, attentive and took exceptional care of us.  He went above and beyond what we expected. If I am back in Schenectady I will be back at Johnny's for dinner.
We love going to Johnny's. Nice atmosphere, good italian food. Might have to wait, even though you've made a reservation, but the food is definitely worth coming for.
This is my first time here but my girl friends been here many time. So they highly recommended. In my experience here for the first time is was great. Beside locating a parking was a pain and the surrounding was real loud because it was so busy on the Thurs " which is weird?" Overall the Food is great!! I had the shrimp and pasta, clams in white wine and it was delicious. The bread they served while we wait is so good too. I couldn't stop eating. Love! Love! Love!!!
I really liked eating here. The decor was splendid, the servers, and host were friendly. The food was delicious! I had eggplant parmesan. It was superb. Johnny's is more on the expensive side, so I'll probably only come here when I have extra money. But in all I had a great experience.
Last call at 11 pm on a Friday night? The band was awesome but they served the band after"last call" and not us???seriously??
I suppose this is just yet another affirmation of my opinion that the Mallozzi establishments are grossly overrated. The food at Johnny's is acceptable (read: mediocre or average at best), but leaves a great deal to be desired. The restaurant itself is nice-looking, and service is quite friendly and attentive for the most part. It was actually better on opening day than it has been on my subsequent visits. I was actually very impressed by how smoothly the restaurant was operating on their first day. They were clearly well-prepared for it. The food... ehhh. Sure, prices are reasonable, but the food itself really isn't that impressive. The sauce is at least a little better than generic jar sauce from the supermarket. The plate came out with an OK amount of food on it. It's certainly better than Olive Garden, but that's not a difficult thing to be able to claim. Probably the best thing going for this place with respect to food is dessert. They've got some good dessert options, but nothing is amazing. It's not bad, but I'll generally go elsewhere, especially if I'm looking for Italian.
Typical Italian food, but overpriced. Always crowded, not sure why. Reservations is a must! Great waiters and environment, however parking is terrible.
We walked into Johnny's on Saturday night, anxious to try a new to us spot. We were told it would be an hour and a half wait- understandable, we didn't have reservations and they are a new establishment. We told the hostess she could find us at the bar. While waiting, the hostess approached us three times to ask if we wanted to eat dinner at the bar. We politely told her we were fine with waiting for a table in the dining room. The last time she approached us, she said it would be 10 minutes until our table was ready. We had ordered clams casino for our wait and rushed through them as we did not want to pass up our table. Long story short, it wasn't 10 minutes-- it was another 40. Once we were seated, our salads and app (stuffed shrimp, not really worth a mention) came out at the same time and our entrees were served while we were still working on our salads. After almost a 2 hour wait, we felt completely rushed. Aside from the semi-pushy and ill informed hostess and the bad timing with our dinner, the food was fantastic. My husband was in love with the lamb osso bucco he had and my filet medallions were cooked perfectly and tasted even better. I'm hoping that Johnny's gets their sea legs and that the bumps even out.
The food is delicious!! I especially love the stuffed rolled eggplant- so so good!! Service is great and it's a quick place to eat on your lunch hour or to take colleagues after work.
Excellent service. Made to order changes even on a show night.  Try the chocolate martini!
Every meal I have has here has been cooked to perfection!  The waitstaff is very friendly and efficient.  This restaurant makes my business trips to Schenectady much better!
A well oiled machine. Staff knows the menu and the lunch prices are unbeatable. Food comes at a good pace. Waitress was smacking gum but otherwise terrific (looked like Lea Thompson in Howard the Duck so bonus points there). Pasta made fresh in house and is very good. Atmosphere is strangely chain restauranty; clean but sterile. Still a pretty solid choice, especially considering how hard it is to find fresh pasta nowadays.
I dined at Johnny's and the food was great.  I had a salad and Chicken Marsala w/Pasta.  I was a walk -n and the place was busy with the typical after 5:00 suspects. It was also a little on the loud side. I showed up about 7:45.  The hostess was very friendly. I waited only 3-4 minutes for a table.  I would suggest reservations. The server was informative in regards to menu offerings and nightly specials. That's always a good sign. Overall, I was very pleased with the experience. The service was slower than I wanted.  But again, it was a very busy place. Given the food, I will be back.
First and foremost, make a reservation! I got seated with a party if 5 through a combination of luck and great service. That being said, fabulous food. Fabulous service. We had the Italian Nachos, the Eggplant Rollatini, and the fantastic Sausage and Eggplant Capri.  And..the desserts are Villa Italia so save room. The Gelato Cake is out of this world!
The food and the drinks here are great. I have been here twice and have not been disappointed either time.  The Italian nachos are spectacular.  I have no idea why it only gets 2 stars. We will go back here again and again it is my favorite Schenectady dinner place. It is very loud but totally worth the noise level
Was really looking forward to eating here. Everything was horrible. Food was not up to par, my shrimp was chewy and the service sucked. I expected much better from the mallozies.
I'm not sure if this was an accident that this has a second page posting for this restaurant or intentional. But I felt it necessary to post my review here as well. We had high hopes Johnny's since its in the Mallozzi family of restaurants. Sadly, Johnnys did not deliver for us. We went before a show, and it was clear the staff could not keep up with the restaurant traffic. Food service was incredibly slow after our appetizer came out, and while the homemade pasta and sauce for my pasta was delicious - I ordered shrimp scampi, and the star of the dish - the shrimp, was overcooked to the point that the chewy toughness of it was beyond edible. Had we had more time I would have sent it back to have it remade, but I did not have that luxury. At a quality service place, if you don't have it remade, you get something comped in some way, or at least an offer - while I am not one to expect to get a dish I ate most of for free or anything like that, I would have liked some acknowledgement of the fact that the only thing left in my dish was the shrimp.....the whole reason I ordered the dish, and the item that drives the cost of my dish. Bottom line here - customer service...while they are friendly, at this point they cannot handle the fast paced style they are trying to run with trying to turn numerous amounts of tables before Proctor's shows. Secondly, some basics need work here in the kitchen - this place only opened less than 2 months ago - to have shrimp coming out grossly overcooked is not a promising sign. There are definite pluses they have going for them, like the delicious pasta and great sauces for these pastas - but the "meat" of these dishes if you will needs some major adjustments.
I was disappointed that additional pasta options were not available.  Thinnest pasta is tagliatelle which is wider than fettuccine.  If I were to return I would not order pasta. The wine glasses were too warm to serve. The service was good.  The atmosphere is good. A bit pricy.
Excellent food, great service. We had a 6:30 reservation and we were seated at 6:35. The side salad was crisp and tasty. I had the eggplant rollatini which was served with a side of ziti and sauce. The pasta was amazing and the sauce was as well. I enjoyed the rollatini. The one complaint I have is that I wish they'd served balsamic vinegar to have with the bread--rather than just olive oil by itself.
Disappointing Went here for my birthday waited about an hour for our meal. Steak Amalfi was very low quality fattiest steak I have had In restaurant in my life.  Too bad I really wanted to like this place for a lot of different reasons.
Food was good but a reservation here is useless, they do not hold them.  One woman waited till 6:45 to get seated for a 6:00 reservation.  My wife spoke up on her behalf and ours. so we ended up still waiting a 1/2 hour.  Why take reservations if you are not going to hold the tables?
Great place and food!  I have eaten at Johnny's 6 times (I travel to Schenectady every other week) and LOVE the food and service.  I not only recommend this resturant, I take people there for business dinners.
I had the Chicken Scarpariello it was quite spicy but not too spicy, absolutely delicious.  We shared several of the appetizers, fried mozzarella, similar to mozzarella sticks but made fresh and seasoned.  The Italian Nachos were amazing as well and perfect for sharing.
As an Italian I grew up on pasta and chicken parm. I recently have discovered I have a severe gluten intolerance and haven't been able to eat all my favorite foods. Today I had lunch at Johnny's. I had gluten free penne with chicken parm and for the first time in this new diet I was happily eating one of my favorite meals! Great service, great outdoor seating. I love this place!
You will not be disappointed.  We had company in town and we ate at Johnny's two of the three evenings they were visiting.  We had a reservation for both evenings and we were seated promptly.  One evening inside and one evening on the patio.  The entire staff did an excellent job beginning with the hostess asking if we were celebrating a special occasion when we made our reservation.  Our server knew the specials and could answer questions.  Over the course of the two evenings we had generous glasses of wine, Italian nachos (we subbed marinara sauce for the cream sauce), unlimited fresh baked bread, fresh garden salads, homemade pasta, shrimp and steak....and, drum roll please.....the chocolate/hazelnut gelato cake from Villa Italia was the perfect way to end the evening.  We had the same dessert both evenings because it was so delicious.  One piece of cake is large enough for two or three people.  We walked away with leftovers and full bellies.  We can't wait to go back.  Mark, the manager, as well as the Mallozzzi family made us feel like we were part of the family.  Thank you for making my guests have such a terrific experience.  We'll be back...soon! Sally
First of all the food was delicious. The noise level in the back dining area was ridiculous and very stressful to enjoy myself, relax with good food and talk with the person I was with. We rushed to finish our food just to get out of the tremendous noise level. If I go there again I will stay by the bar area or pick a table outside. This restaurant has awesome food but needs to do something about the noise level. It ruins the whole atmosphere.
We decided to have dinner with a small group of our family and friends after our wedding vows. The manager Mark was quick to respond and make sure we would have everything that day we needed. He responded back to me everytime I had a question in a timely manner. He even called to wish us well because he could not be there that night, that meant a lot for a total stranger to do. The staff was incredible and made us feel like family from the minute we walked in. Then the food came and OMG! everyone went crazy, it was like a melody of explosive flavors in the food that made you feel like you were in the best restaurant of your life. I can not say enough about the staff, management or food. This place is a diamond in my book!! and the prices are spot on for the size and portions. I am not one to compliment restaurants because they do not impress me as it is just dinner, that;s just how I am, but Honestly I loved this place and will be back many more times int he future!!
I took my wife to Johnny's tonights and had a fantastic experience.  We had made a reservation and good thing we did as the restaurant was already half full at 6PM.  Upon arrival we were immediately lead to our table but before being seated my wife spied a table by the window and asked to be seated there, a quick check with the hostess got us to the table she wanted.  Within less than a minute or two our waiter, Don, was there to welcome us and get our drink order.   Just as he left another waiter brought us water.   Our drinks arrive shortly there after but we were not ready to order just yet so our waiter said he would check back shortly but gave us the specials and answered our questions and made a few suggestions before he left.   Upon placing our order it was only a few minutes before our bread arrived, the bread was fresh and delicious.  Shortly there after our appetizers arrive, calamari and a chopped antipasto salad, both servings were large and excellent.   For dinner we both had ordered the lobster fra diavolo, which was one of the best I ever had.  We finished our dinner off with cappuccinos and split a desert.  When the check arrived i was pleasantly surprised with the total. My job requires that I entertain clients around the country so I have had the opportunity to eat in a lot of great restaurants,  johnny's is one that i would recommend      .
