I've been here twice, the first time I got the $5 pulled chicken platter and the second time I got the pulled pork platter, there is a ton of meat on the platter and could easily make 2 sandwiches if you bring it home. I loved their bbq mayo sauce, the homemade chips and the chicken salad.   The owner and his son are very friendly and will let you try anything.  Also if you have dreams of making some unusual bbq they will do it for you if you give them enough notice (not just one serving of course but if you are ordering for an event or party they can do it! I have never had an issue with parking either.
Traveling and needed a place for lunch last month. The sandwich place we were going to go was closed on Sundays unbeknownst to us. The Memphis King was just up the street and SO glad it was! The girl at the front counter was very friendly and helpful when trying to decide what we wanted. We were a group of four and all tried different things - chicken, beef, and pulled pork. I had the baked beans, which were phenomenal, and my husband loved his potato salad side. the show stoppers were the hand-cut fries - in the shape of rippled chips! BEST FRIES EVER. Four different kinds of sauce - all were excellent. Stopped to chat with the owner for a few - loved hearing how the business got started, a dream of his son's. I don't ever see us being in Schenectady again, but if we are ANYWHERE near the area, we'll make sure to stop in. I hope the business continues to be a success!
Holy pulled pork, if you're serious about BBQ get your keister down to Memphis King. Quite the surprise up on Goose Hill in Schenectady - not only genuine Memphis-style, but fairly accomplished and original Memphis-style. Located catty-corner to Stoney's Irish grill at the corner of Van Vranken and Raymond. Let's go through the Three S's of BBQ: smoke, sauce, and sides. Smoke: The smoking is amazingly well done - absolutely perfect, not overtly smoke-flavored so much as touched nicely, moist meat but with that hint of slow-cooked chewiness that gives really good barbecue its most pleasant texture. I was surprised to find they use small commercial smokers right now, but Bob, the proprietor, told me he's ordered up a custom full-scale smoker of his own design that should be on-line shortly. Really quite well done. Sauce: true Memphis, both sweet and spicy, but an original recipe (they sell bottles of it for $4 at the store  - I didn't buy one but am now filled with regret I did not). At least in the CRUST (Capital Region of UpSTate) I have not found its equal. Excellent. Sides: Cole slaw is another truly original recipe, with a hint of mustard in the non-traditional yellow sauce. Fresh ingredients. Excellent. The greens were hot and cooked well without being soggy or stringy. Corn bread very good. I'm looking forward to working my way through the rest. Beverages are limited to sodas - no lemonade, sweet tea, or beer, alas - but they do carry Boylan's. Negatives: - only open until 8 or they run out of meat. - above-mentioned lack of adult or south-ren-style beverages. - Indoor seating is two tables, although now there are five picnic tables outside. Very low key. Bring them some BBQ bling if you have it for the walls. - street parking only (although space on front and on the side seems OK). - just a tetch pricey - $25 for a full rack no sides, $14 for 1/2 rack. (This is the first place I've ever seen a 1/3 rack offered - $8), sides $2.50 for a small, although the smalls were ample - combos run from $9 for Chicken + two sides + cornbread to $21 for the 4-meat sampler. Bonus features: - daily specials for $5 which seem very idiosyncratic. Today's was two smoked turkey sandwiches for $5. - popcorn chicken, for the kids, the progenitor of the inferior nugget. - non-BBQish options - hamburger, cheesburger, grilled cheese, hot dog, fish and chips, which are standard (unoriginal) options.
This place has amazing meat, sides and sauces. You can tell it's all homemade and authentic southern BBQ.
I like to think I make really good barbecue so I don't like to get it out.  It never matches up.  Even the renowned Dinosaur BBQ isn't that good to me. But this place is excellent.  They offer a bunch of different homemade sauces which are all excellent.  The pulled pork and chicken are great.  The brisket is above average.  Cole slaw is different,  with mustard but is very tasty.  Only thing keeping from giving 5 stars is that the ribs were disappointing.  A little over done and heavy on the smoke for my taste. But I enthusiastically recommend this over any other area BBQ places.
OK, I'll admit to being a BBQ snob--I have no love for meat slathered in that red sticky sauce. I was happily surprised to find smoky meats with a rub and nice crispy outside and thick smoke ring covering seriously tasty meat. The sauce is served on the side and made in-house and I'm guessing has a mustard base (got a little kick to it!) The only complaint (and if I'd called ahead it wouldn't be an issue...) is the hours can be erratic...but one phone call can get you on the road to easily the best BBQ in the area. Listen up Yankees, this is what BBQ is supposed to taste like!
You know when you're REALLY in the mood for BBQ and you know that it's REALLY easy to stumble into the wrong place? Where the meat is dry as a hockey pucks and the sides are swimming in lard and sugar? NO worries at Memphis King!! Top of the line delish! Mouth watering brisket smothered in homemade BBQ sauce, fresh cole slaw with a satisfying crunch and just-right mustard. Bouncy light cornbread and kettle fries seasoned to perfection. This family run joint gets it right from Dad in the kitchen custom pan frying a piece of catfish for the gal who doesn't eat read meat, to shiny and happy Brandon and sister at the front counter who have customer service to such a level you're almost afraid they're going to give you a kidney! Hee Haw, giddy up down to Memphis BBQ pronto!
I wasn't sure I even liked BBQ until I came here. A couple of great family people doing great food right. We had a large party and were all thrilled with what we ordered, and all left stuffed but still wanting more. We came in late in the evening so they were out of a lot- greens, mac and cheese, some meats- that just shows that it's fresh and never pre heated. The fried chicken was to die for, the kettle chips were a big hit, minimal grease and maximum flavor. Everything was excellent and well priced. The owners are super personable and chatted with us about their passion for BBQ and what they're doing next! Awesome experience.
You better be hungry. The portions are very generous. The popcorn chicken is MIGHTY fine. And the mac and cheese is nothing short of a delicacy. This is the southern grandma you always wish you had.
