I can't say enough good things about the Mohawk Taproom. They have really done a nice job providing an excellent menu, and having quality beers on tap. We went in on a Sunday evening, and the place was about half full. I like the chalkboards they have around the restaurant, listing the different beers currently being featured on tap. There is a good balance of better known craft beers, mixed with some unique ones too. For an appetizer, we split an order of nachos with a special sauce (I can't remember the specific name), and they were quite delicious. For a meal, we ordered a burger and mussels. The burger was hands down one of the best I have ever had, and the fries were fresh too. I only had a few of the mussels, but I will be sure to get an order for myself next time. The owner, Mike, came out and talked to us for a bit to see how we liked everything. He said that if we ever have any requests or recommendations for something we'd like to see on-tap, to let him know and he would be happy to feature it. He also said that as long as their are people in the bar/restaurant, he will stay open later. This is nice as the previous establishment always closed very early. Overall this was a great experience. This is a great addition to Scotia with well-price, delicious food. We'll be back frequently.
Went here for lunch yesterday. The beer selection is great; mine was nice and cold. The fried pickles were good; had a nice kick to them. They were served with ranch but a horseradish sauce is also available. We weren't offered a choice but I'd like to try that next time. I ordered the turkey burger. The flavor was great, but the burger texture was mushy and soft. It was odd, but I'd still order it again because of the flavor. My fiancé ordered the 50/50 burger. You could really taste the bacon. It was definitely on the smaller side for being the most expensive burger on the menu. The inside decor is severely lacking. The tables and chairs are very outdated. We sat outside on the patio which was nice. We look forward to coming back.
Was happy to see the interaction on their Facebook page when they first posted a "Coming Soon" sign outside of the building, and after reading the Yelp reviews after the first couple of weeks of being open, I knew this was a place to go for happy hour and dinner with co-workers. The bar set up is great for watching the game - four nice large TVs, and we had a nice space with high-tops for our large group.  The staff was super friendly and accommodating, moving the furniture around to fit our group without our asking. A GREAT improvement on the lighting compared to previous dining experiences in this building before the Taproom came in.  Double high fives for that! The Mohawk Golden Nachos are LEGIT delicious.  I love mustard and the Carolina Gold sauce paired with tomatoes, jalapenos, and sauteed onions was a terrific combo - especially when topped with pepper jack!  I will be going back for these often - you can count on that. Also enjoyed a bottle of crisp Strongbow Gold Apple Cider.  I've seen so many advertisements for this brand and this is the first place I've seen it while out and it was calling to me, even though the beer list at this place is stellar.  20 drafts - most of which are regional favorites.  I know where I'll be bringing out-of-town visitors for local dinners from here on out!
An awesome place with great people. If you like craft beer this is the place for you, cozy friendly atmosphere with people that really care about your experience. Great pub food, consistent and great portions. Beer is ice cold and tons of sports on the screens. Staff is awesome, have a blast with them every night we stop in for an ice cold beer and some food. Highly recommend
As good if not better than the other Taprooms and pubs in the area, and it's a lot more friendly to the pocketbook.  $5 for a 16 oz Ommegang?  That's as good as it gets.  The food is solid.  Were definitely going back.
I want to say...The 1st time coming here I didn't think the food was good...After today..wow...The 50/50 burger amazing. ..The Buffalo chicken sandwich delicious and the Draft beer selection great! The owners are super friendly and very gracious...Def come here
A strong start. Food was good but not outstanding, but the service was truly excellent. I will definitely be back for a second go. Prices are a little high given the venue, which is why I'm a little more critical. If you're going to charge me $15 for fish tacos, I better love 'em and I didn't. Plus, the corn black bean side was just meh.
Finally Scotia has a great bar with great beer!  I am a huge fan of this place.  There is no place even close to this place serving a vast variety of craft beers.  The owners Mike and Steph both are great people.  Big country, the cook is holding it down in the kitchen, can't wait to try his ribs with home made bbq sauce.  I will definately be a regular here.  Go check it out!!
I had dinner at Mohawk Taproom and Grill on a Friday evening and upon entering we were greeted warmly by the hostess. She seated us immediately and within two minutes our server stopped by and took our drink orders. He answered all of our questions about the menu, both beer and food. They have a great selection of craft beers on 20 (I think) taps. The prices for beers are extremely reasonable considering the pint of Lagunitas IPA I had at Mohawk for $4.50 would easily be $6-7 at City Beer Hall in Albany. I ordered a cheeseburger and my wife had the BLT. My cheeseburger was cooked exactly as ordered and it was well constructed. The BLT was made also very good, the bacon was crispy and flavorful, the lettuce and tomato were both fresh. The prices were great, most items are $10 or less, and I don't think anything was over $15. The atmosphere was lively but not too loud. The server was attentive without being annoying. I'm very excited about this new addition to Scotia and will certainly be returning as a regular patron. I highly recommend this option to anyone looking for a good meal and a great beer selection.
Went to Mohawk Taproom on a whim.  Overall a nice experience, but we got "sticker shock" when we got the bill.  We had white wine sangria, made with wine, peach schnapps and a bit of sour mix and sprite. No prices on the small drink menu---and the sangrias cost $9 a piece!  Our 4 smallish sangrias cost almost twice what the hamburgers cost.  This place is in Scotia! We don't pay that much for sangria in our favorite place in NYC's 46th St!  The fries were undercooked, and the 50/50 burger did not live up to our expectations. We read the reviews and had hoped for better.  Apparently the beers are good, so we will leave the Taproom to the beer drinkers! Very disappointed, we were hopeful that our little village had a new favorite place.
