Food is incredible.  I ordered the drunken noodle.  Presentation is unbelievable.  They give you enough to feed two people.  Service is great.  We go there so much they know us by name.  Best Thai food around. Prices are very reasonable.  We go there once a week at least have never gotten sick.
Great Thai. Best in capital region! I try something new every time I go and it's always great.
Amazing Food!  Great Service!  We live in Rotterdam so we were so psyched that a Thai restaurant arrived just blocks from our house.  We have been there several times and each time we have left quite full and satisfied.  We have brought several of our friends and family members who are now hooked.  I have tried the drunken noodles, some sort of rice dish, the spring rolls, and mango curry (highly recommended).  All are truly amazing.  Their plum sauce is to die for!  They dont make all of the dishes super spicy (the mango curry was medium), but they will ramp up the heat if you ask.   The restaurant is located on upper Broadway in Schenectady.  Although it appears to not be a spectacular area, it is fine.  The decor is nothing special, but the linens and silverware are clean.  The hostess is incredibly sweet and meets you in traditional Thai garb.  The place is never packed, but I truly hope this place can make it.   If you are looking for incredibly good Thai food...please try this place.
Went Saturday evening with friends and thoroughly enjoyed our dinner.  We got the fresh spring rolls and fried calamari for appetizers.  The calamari was crisp and both were delicious.  For dinner, I had the red curry noodles and my husband had the Siam chicken - both were great with a good (but not overwhelming) amount of spice.  Our friend, who judges all Thai restaurants by their pad kee mao, said she would come back.  The service was friendly.  We will definitely return!
On a friend's recommendation, we tried Jasmine's Thai Restaurant. We were headed to a get together and ordered the food to go. They repeated back the order to us to confirm and told us a time it would be ready. The food was ready on time and the order was correct. We ordered for 6 people and we all got different dishes. Every person loved the dish that they ordered. I highly recommend this restaurant, I look forward to trying their dine in option next time.
I read about this restaurant on The Times Union's Tablehopping blog and seeing as its a mile away from my house, I had to try it.  I ordered take out on a Saturday afternoon.  I got the Jasmine Fresh rolls which was a very healthy appetizer consisting of rice noodles, matchstick carrots, and cucumbers with a thick sweet and tangy sauce.  This was a generous portion of 8 rolls and it was just as advertised very healthy, steamed and fresh tasting.  For my meal I ordered the lunch portion of the mango curry with tofu.  I was given the choice of linguini or rice.  I chose linguini.  It was a very generous portion with a decent amount of tofu and mango.  The linguini was I believe rice noodle linguini as it was white and just a tiny bit translucent.  The flavor was absolutely delicious and there was a good amount of heat.  It was probably the best curry I've had in the Capital District.  I will be returning to try dining in service soon and this will be one of my go to take out spots from now on!
Well prepared meal this evening.   I had Bangkok  duck with steamed vegetables and rice.   Shrimp  satay and Thai spring rolls for appetizers..  You won't be sorry having dinner here. Tony had  mushroom  and cashews  with chicken in a pineapple  boat.
So glad I stopped in for take out thai curry last month. I was very impressed. Came in today with my parents for a sit down dinner. The curries were fabulous and filling. The appetizers were priced very nicely and full of flavor. And the mango sweet rice was to die for. Stop reading reviews and go get dinner! (Or lunch)
If you are searching for the best Thai food in the Capital Region, you can stop your search right now.  My favorite is the tofu pineapple fried rice with fresh spring rolls to start.....and of course I always wash it down with a Thai Iced Tea.
My wife and I decided to try Jasmine Thai last night based on Yelp user reviews. If you are reading this, stop. Get off your computer. Put down your smartphone. Head straight there to eat. You will not be disappointed!
I like the fact that it looks really clean and the owner put some effort into things. I will come again and write more details.
Excellent food.  I used to go to Blue Spice on Central Ave all the time until they closed.   It seems as if maybe people from Blue Spice are working here.  The menu is almost identical,  and all of my old favorites are here. I got the Siam Chicken,  which is spicy chicken with sauce served in a hollowed out pineapple.  Delicious.  The mango saiad was also good. If you liked Blue Spice I recommend this restaurant highly. Rice was very dry,  so no 5 stars.
Painfully slow service, chewy chicken in my tum yum soup but no veggies in it, super spicy dishes- even those dubbed as no spice at all, sticky rice was small and served hard ... Not sure why there are such high ratings but my family and I just don't see it.  Mediocre at best...
Simply the best in the Capitol District I absolutely love this place and am proud to be considered a regular. The extremely friendly staff know me and my work colleagues by name. I am so happy they have earned such high YELP praise. Yes, it is that good . I have only been here for lunch, but everything I have had is worthy of a photo. Mango curry is my favorite with fresh spring rolls as an appetizer. If you get Pad Tai, plan on taking 1/2 home. All fruits and vegetables are extra fresh. The portions are perfect size and you don't walk out bloated like at a Chinese buffet!
What a great find! We were just passing through town and needed a place to grab a late lunch. The restaurant was empty at 3pm on a Saturday, but we were greeted warmly by the very friendly host/waiter/owner(?). Great menu selections. I had the mango curry with chicken, which was fantastic. My wife had jasmine eggplant, which was delicious. If you order extra spicy, you are asked "one through five".  This is a great way to specify your taste, instead if just saying "pretty spicy but not too spicy."  I ordered mine four, which was very spicy, just the way I like it, but it didn't send me into cardiac arrest. The neighborhood looks a bit downtrodden and the outside of the building somewhat shabby, but the inside is nice, the service is friendly, and the food hit the spot.
Excellent food! Got take out tonight - Green curry, pad see eww and tom kha soup. Everything was fresh, hot, well prepared and delicious. I will definitely be going back.
First, their food is amazing. It's authentic, delicious, and priced well. The servers are excellent, and they will remember you when you return. My husband and I became regulars here, tried several dishes including the ones we have never tried, and we never got disappointed. Also, portions are huge! Even my husband couldn't finish his curry, and it became my lunch next day. Oh, and if you are worried that you can't eat spicy, they can make it mild for you. For folks like me who want the most authentic dishes, just ask for "Thai Spicy" and your tongue will be on fire for the rest of the day. So skip your hamburgers for today and try this place. You won't regret coming here!
First, I hope this place flourishes.  I came here twice in a week's visit and will return. The people who work here are extremely nice and the food is very good. Some things they do very well and others need a little bit of work. First, the decor is pretty minimal. They didn't seem to do too much since the diner here closed except replace booths with tables and add some touches here and there. It looks okay but at some point when they're making money it'd be nice to see the decor revamped.  This didn't matter to me much as I got take out.  Still, the place looks very clean and pleasant. Next, the portions. The drunken noodles were plentiful as were the lab gai and spring rolls. However, the panang duck dish was lacking both in rice as well as main dish. I can understand not overdoing it on the duck but there really wasn't a lot of vegetables either.  Rice should be doubled. Now, the taste. I really didn't care for the jasmine fresh roll. It was bland and the sauce was sickly sweet. That was the only dish I didn't care for. The spring rolls were slamming. The Panang curry sauce was spot on, creamy and with good balance and heat. The drunken noodles were really good and spicy enough for me but not overpowering. They could've used a little bit more sauce (touch dry) but they were really good.  The veggies were fresh. The Lab Gai was tasty (my 1st time) as well. Thai iced tea...yum! Definitely try this place!   Looking forward to my next visit!
My husband & I were delighted to find Jasmine Thai Restaurant in Rotterdam, NY.  We ate lunch there & enjoyed restful music as we chatted over Pot Sticker & Spring Roll appetizers.  Lunch was Red Curry with Chicken & Mushroom & Ginger with Chicken followed by Fried Bananas with Vanilla for dessert.   The atmosphere of the restaurant is relaxing, beautiful with pictures from Thai culture.  Service was quiet, discreet.   Jasmine Thai Restaurant is a new to the restaurant scene & is a serene experience. I blogged about Jasmine Thai & included pictures at:http://walkaboutwithwheels.blogspot.com/2013/10­/jasmine-thai-restaurant-rotterdam-new.html
Had lunch here today with a friend, and decided to join Yelp - I had lurked for most of a year - to leave a review of Jasmine. I had the lunch special with Thai spring rolls and Massaman curry.  Both were excellent - probably the best I have had in the Capital District.  The dining room was very nicely appointed. This place is in an out-of-the-way section of Schenectady, but it's worth the effort to find it.
Best Thai food in the CRUST, unless there's something up in Saratoga we don't know about. Friendly, prompt service, undialed-down spicing, excellent presentation, reasonable prices, and relatively authentic preparation (there are more than a few American ingredients substituted in the dishes, but the spicing and basic recipes are spot on). The ambiance of this place is a little hole in the wall from the outside, although inside it's clean and pleasant it's pretty bare bones. But the overall effect is just homey and wonderful. It's not haute but the value and deliciousness are in five-star territory for the area.
Have only been here once, i think the price is a tad overpriced, but thats me maybe im to cheap? but i've seen better prices else where. With the price i expected to be a big portion on my plate but it was just mediocre. Other then that the taste/flavor was good. i had the Pad Thai
Went today and had dinner.   Everything was great.   Huge portions so not sure what other reviewers are complaining about.   We eat strictly vegetarian and our server informed us that the vegetarian dishes could be made with or without the fish sauce.   We appreciated that since fish sauce is used in almost all Thai dishes.   We started with the Jasmine Fresh rolls (an order a piece).   Large serving that could have easily been split and very fresh.   I ordered the Ginger & Mushroom and my friend had the Jasmine spicy Basil.   I liked both but my dish could have used more mushroom.    We added tofu to both and the tofu was fresh and delicious.   The only thing lacking from the menu is alcohol.     Hopefully they will be getting this in the future as I like to have a drink with my meal.
We went there for the first time and were quite surprised how authentic this restaurant was! We grew up with many Asian dishes including thai cuisine, and this restaurant was beyond our expectations. We will definitely be back again to explore the rest of the menu! I had the unpronounceable dish, curry with duck, shrimp and grilled pumpkin, and it was delicious!
Have been in three and all times everything was outstanding. Real Thai people cooking real Thai food. I used to eat at the Bangkok and then I feel like they went downhill. We had crab Rangoon (which I am very picky with and these were the best I've ever had). we have tried a few different entrees including a eggplant and chicken dish as well as a crunchy noodle w chicken and veggies - both so good. Everything was fresh and full of flavor. I hope they make it because this is my new favorite place!!
I may be a little bit biased because of my love of thai knows no boundaries, but Jasmine is the way to go if you are looking for thai in the area. My girlfriends father who happens to be a health inspector for Schenectady County actually recommended it so I had high expectations. And since it has opened I have gone again and again. So far I have tried mutiple menu items from Glass Noodles, Kao Soi, Kee Mao, and the Tom Yum soup. The Kee Mao at Jasmine was the best I have ever had and the lunch prices are infinitely better then some of the overrated thai restaurants in the area. Although it doesn't look like much, Jasmine Thai is a hidden gem in Schenectady County and I highly recommend it.
Had the mango curry, somtum salad and the thai spring rolls. Yummy and super spicy! I did think it was a bit pricy for the amounts you get for dinner. I'd definitely go back, but maybe for lunch when the prices are considerably less.
Big lunch special for $10, potstickers were delicious but the drunken noodle was amazing.
