Best Summer Sausage around! We stock up and buy 12 since you can only get them from Memorial Day to Labor Day! I have been going here with my family since I was a child and will continue to go there. Great family business with friendly service!
Meh, the deli workers weren't very helpful and were a little cold. The sandwich was not inexpensive, as other posters claimed, but it was, indeed, delicious. I wish they had Italian drinks in the fridge instead of taunting us from the floor.
Definitely a hidden gem in Schenectady!  Stopped in for a quick lunch, from out of town, and was more than impressed.  Had the sausage and pepper sub with mozzarella and red sauce.  Once I got over the size of this sandwich, I was blindsided by the taste of it.  Other sandwiches I saw were just as large and looked just as good!  I don't see myself visiting Schenectady anytime again soon, but if I do, I would seriously consider returning.  Prices are surprisingly cheap for what you receive, and the staff was very friendly!
Best subs ever and we cannot figure out why they are so damn good. Must be the freshness of everything being sliced right then and there. We can't stay away although our waistlines wish we would!
Excellent subs, friendly staff, and amazing meatballs! Whether you're looking for a fantastic sandwich for lunch, or you're looking for homemade meatballs and pastas, this is the place you want to check out.
Historic Italian deli/grocery on Northside. Best deli in the Capital District. Try the imported mortadella and cheeses. Do not compare to tasteless supermarket delis. Many Italian frozen desserts in glass. The place for Easter rice and ricotta pies.
Recently tried their homemade sausage and I think it will be my new regular... I have been here a number of times over the last 15+ years. It is of no fault of theirs that since Gina Lucia Stopped selling her amazing Italian ice at La Gioia I do not frequent there as often as I used to. However I recall their meatballs and sauce being great substitutions for homemade, recently purchased their frozen cavatelli which was very very good. I will definitely buy some more the next time I make sauce. Subs are great - I am not a huge fan of boars head (I think the meat they used before tasted better) but they are hefty and fresh and make the entire store smell amazing. Lots of little Italian recipe supplies as well as grocery items. A great place to stop while in the area.
Amazing old school Italian deli. This time I got soppressata, fresh mozzarella, hot pepper relish, and olives. Maybe I should have said not a TON of salami, but, yum! Small groc items too including some good fresh produce.
Great pricing on Boar's Head products that Price Chopper no longer carries.
