Hit 20 North for Wing Wednesday this week.  First time there...recommended by a few friends. The place seemed very low key, and casual.  Cool "hippie" décor, and music...which is nice for a change. Although, there still were plenty of tvs with sports on as well. We were happy to find a table (there aren't many) on what I was told was usually a very busy night.  Guess we just got lucky. The beer selection was good....I tried the Mad Jack IPA, which is brewed locally.  Very good!  We got medium buffalo wings, and onion rings.  Possibly the best in town on both accounts!  Crispy, perfectly sauced wings, and the battered onion rings were awesome!  Only thing I would have liked in addition would be a nice spicy onion ring sauce.  They might even have it....but I didn't ask. The owner/server, Dave, was very cool.  Introduced himself, and was friendly and attentive.  Overall, an A+. We will definitely be back!
20 North is a hidden gem, no doubt. It's small inside, with a few booths, and a few tables. Their food is incredible - try the Allman Burger, and definitely their wings. But what's the secret to this place's success? The owner, Dave. He's the coolest bar owner you'll meet - and takes time to talk to you. Becoming a 'regular' at 20 North is something you should aspire to.
Love this place. Best wings in town. Great atmosphere. All walks of life are welcome. It's the Cheers of Schenectady; everybody knows your name. I've never 'not' had a good time there. Do yourself a favor & stop by, say hi to Dave & the boys, and have a drink.
First visit today. This bar has very good food, decent beer and a great small bar atmosphere. Prices were low, service good, and there was no pretend enthusiasm or fake theme or similar nonsense.  What you see is what you get. A local bar lovers local bar. I asked the bartender how the local IPA was and he said "bad" but allowed that he did not like IPA.  He was wrong, it was the best IPA they had (better by far than the long trail IPA I had first and pretty good by any standard) but what I appreciated was the unvarnished opinion and transparent advice. Some girl at the bar suggested I alter the pastrami sandwich and take Russian instead of horseradish on it. Good call. Great crisp wings, great fries, great pastrami on rye with onions and Russian.  Cole slaw was ok but a little too much dressing. What was nice was that it did not come from a bag, it was hand cut. Great place to watch football as well.  Wife and kids liked the cozy booth that still permitted viewing several games at once. Good people in this place too. Yelp had this one right. I shall return!
Very pleasantly surprised when we tried this place on a Sat night couple weekends ago.  Great service, solid wings and really tasty food.  Homemade salads, some obvious care being taken in the kitchen.   A bit of a dive, but that garners extra points from me.  Will be back for sure.
Even on a Wednesday evening, the 20 North Broadway Tavern was certainly busy, maybe due to its size, since this is a small bar and tavern.  Nevertheless, our group was quickly seated and served. After our server rattled off the entire beer menu (and believe me, they have quite the beer menu), I decided to try an Alpine Spring beer.  For food, after looking at the menu of mostly sandwiches and burgers, I decided to order the Greg Allman burger, along with some curly fries and a side order of macaroni salad with tuna.  The food and beer tasted fresh and well prepared.  Certainly worth trying out again.
Definitely an old-style tavern with it's dark wood booths.  Decent sized crowd for a Monday night, about half full.  Friendly service and decent selection of beers on tap. Wife had a black and tan with a club sandwich and spiced fries while I had an Alpine Spring from Sam Adams with a Greg Allman burger (hand-formed w/ bacon, cheese, BBQ sauce, onion rings, lettuce, and tomato) and sweet potato fries.  It was served medium-rare, as requested.  Maybe not the most flavorful meat that I've had for a burger, but with everything else it was quite tasty and filling. Overall, this was a very enjoyable meal for two for $25.  Before I even got out of our booth I could smell the hot sauce on the wings at the booth behind ours.  I may have to return to check them out. The one down side was the globes on the lights handing above the bar.  They really need to be cleaned out.  Seriously!!!
This is a pretty good little place. It's not phenomenal by any stretch of the imagination, but it's good for a reliable, quick bite to eat for lunch or a few drinks. They've got a straight-forward menu consisting of things like burgers, soups, fries, etc. Pretty standard stuff and nothing that will blow you away. My only real gripe with the place is the soda. I started going to the North Broadway Tavern shortly after it opened, and every time I've gotten a soda there, it has a very weird taste to it. It's not that the soda is flat, but it's almost as if there's something wrong with their soda dispenser. It's not just me, either -- everyone I know who has gone here has said the same thing. Weird-tasting soda aside, it's worth checking out, especially if you're looking to try a different place for lunch.
Always enjoy myself here... love the locals.  has limited seating, always backed no matter what night but has a nice sized back patio area in the nice weather.  I liked that I was Gluten Free and wanted some GF beer and they got it in!  Wings are great too.........Never disappointed. Fast service and nice pour so when you want a stiff drink this is the place to get one!  I don't know if that is good or bad..ask me tomorrow.  Very mixed crowd nice to see in Schenectady!
Between Liberty and Union Streets and next door to Pinhead Susan; this is a small intimate bar with three booths and around six tables.  The food includes po' boys, burgers and fried fish.  The food I have eaten is exceptional well prepared for a bar/tavern. The beer is fresh and tasty. This is a really good place to go with a friend to be alone in a small setting. Street parking in front of the place.
This is a good, old-style bar. Not many frills, friendly people, and cheap (and cold) beer. I stopped in to have a few beers and hang out. To my delight they had $2 pint cans of PBR, so I was pretty stoked. Everyone seemed nice and it was pretty calm. The only drawbacks were 1) it is pretty tiny (cozy, some might say), and 2) there are lots of televisions (which might be your thing). Also, there seemed to be lots of Phish paraphernalia around and even a guy wearing a Phish t-shirt. I don't know what that was about. I was getting a little jam-band-vibe as I parked my ass at the bar. I didn't stay long enough to find out more.
Some of the greatest pub food you will ever have. The wings are absolutely phenomenal. Amazing deals on them every Wednesday. Small place so getting seats can be a problem during the evening when the bar crowd comes in. Generally plays 80's rock or jam bands. Bar staff are a great bunch of guys. Quickly turned into my home away from home after discovering it.
Terrific burgers, wings and atmosphere!  And while I appreciate the $4 beer, I'd happily pay another $2 for a nice Dogfishhead or Founders.  As is, I have to do my eating here, and then go next door to get my serious drink on!
Great food & service! But ladies room out of TP on first visit. & out of paper towels on second visit. It appeared ( by seat up ) that men playing darts were using ladies room as well! Just a few controls would improve customer visits
We. Love. This. Place!!!!  Best priced drinks anywhere! Always friendly staff. There's only a handful of guys who work there so you become familiar with them. We rarely go anywhere else. It's a one stop shop.
20 North has the best wings in the Albany, Schenectady area. The beer is nice and cold and the service is good.
This place is just two blocks from Proctor's and the Stockade. A great addition to a growing presence of cool places to hang out in Schenectady. A cozy bar with excellent beer selection and delicious food (wings and pulled pork po boys). Great classic rock and jam music plays while games are shown on TV. There's been a good crowd for March Madness.
Best. Wings. Ever.
