I came here for lunch while on a business trip and a suggestion from a coworker.  They mentioned we should take advantage of the amazing weather and not get cooped up in our office.  This was a great patio setting that had decent pub food at reasonable prices.  I really love how they re-purposed the old buildings into a great bar. We sat outside and the service was just working all the tables really quickly.  I got a chicken cajun wrap with waffle fries.  For $9, I was happy with the size and how quickly it came.  The fries were a bit heavy with oil but it had a decent crunch to it.  The wrap wasn't spicy but it was filled with good veggies and that made me a happy person.  The chicken had a bit of char to it so it added to the flavour.  My colleague ordered their burger and he loved it... he said it was juicy and had the right amount of pink in the middle. With the great patio in the back, you can really just sit back and relax and enjoy the warm weather.  We arrived and left within 50 minutes so it's a perfect place for a work day lunch... personally I would have loved to stay there for a few more hours and enjoy the sun on the patio!
This was the second time I was here to have a meal. The first, I was so upset by my experience and service that I emailed the owners on their website and was disappointed when I receive no response. I met my parents for lunch yesterday and my Dad really likes Clinton's Ditch so I decided to give it a second try after the miserable first experience. To make a long story short, we received absolutely no service as I had to place my drink order at the bar (we were sitting outside on the covered patio,) place my dinner order with the bartender, and pay at the bar as our server refused to come to the table and make eye contact with us. Oh and by the way, we weren't the only customers outside as it was before a Proctor's show. Anyways enough about the negative ten star experience. Like I was saying the only reason I was there was because my Dad likes it. We sat at a high top table inside by the garage doors. I ordered the southwest wrap which was pretty unremarkable and not even spicy. It didn't really have a taste. My mom got the turkey wrap which looked good with waffle fries and my Dad ordered the sausage sandwich with peppers and hot cherry peppers which looked great. My two stars are for my mother's waffle fries which were good, my crunchy chips with my wrap, and my Dad's sausage sandwich which looked really really good. I don't think i will come back because of my first horrendous experience and my food wasn't that great the second time. Oh, and I had the second half of my southwest wrap today and it didn't taste like anything at all. There was no taste, so there's for thinking it will get better overnight. The service was also very Very slow. Unremarkable place and it's really just too bad.
This place is hit or miss. One day you will get great service, the next a bartender that has the personality of a herpes infected ballsack. Don't waste your time. EDIT: I was fairly intoxicated when I initially wrote this review (from the bar, I might add), so I figured it was only fair to follow up with more detail. My very big issue with this place was the bartender. There was a party going on upstairs, so aside from two girls, we were the only ones at her station. Not only did she seem completely uninterested in serving us, she could not even be bothered to engage in the smallest of conversation. We arrived more than willing to spend money, but ended up leaving after two drinks because we felt like we were a nuisance to bartender.
Most crabby bartenders I have ever seen in my life. 3 people at the bar and the waitress won't even speak to you. I would avoid this place like the plague. It is a flipping joke
It's a bar. It's a bar with food. It's a bar with really good bar food. And the beers really good too! Good to great service. Good to great looking waitresses. burger, wraps(buffalo chicken, southwest chicken) worth eating real wings BLUE MOON on tap... cold...fresh...cold...fresh...YUM
Perfectly acceptable place to hang out while you are visiting sweet ass Schenectady. I did a bit of bar hopping this past weekend with T-Dow and JV, and the Ditch held it's own. It was kind of quiet for a Saturday night but it was cold and raining.
Easy parking and clean atmosphere with a nice back deck area when the weather is nice. Food is good- bar food with limited options, but they will let you get creative with options (i.e. change items in a wrap, etc.) However, make sure you tell your server ASAP if you're in a rush because service can be slow. Also- if you eat upstairs, be prepared to use plastic utensils.
Ordered a French dip with pasta salad and chips. Roast Beef was lean and hot, Swiss cheese was perfectly melted on a fresh roll. Pasta salad was tasty and full of parmesan. Good portions and cold beer! Restaurant and bathrooms were very clean and service was friendly and fast.
I have been here a handful of times, and each time I have enjoyed it. They have good size drinks & the bar tenders are very polite and accommodating. Never had the food, so can't speak to that, but it is a nice spot to come to after dinner if you are 20-30 and want to be around a young crowd. There is some great history behind this Tavern too. "Clinton's Ditch" is what opposers of Gov. Dewitt Clinton called the Erie Canal system.
This ditch is hit or miss. .it's close to home and a good time if your single. Otherwise ya can get into some trouble. Good bartenders and they have wicked crazy tent parties.
One of the best places to hang out in Schenectady.  Nice, clean pub-like atmosphere.  Too bad the owner is a jerk.  Food service takes awhile, but if you're hanging out anyway, it's worth it.
Delicious food-gotta try the pizza!  The boneless wings crispy and spicy. Holiday cocktails fantastic!!  Bartender friendly and chatty!!
Been here a couple of times now.  During the summer, there is a nice patio behind the restaurant and they are even expanding.  However, while this may be a reasonable place for a beer, I wasn't too enthused with Clinton's Ditch in terms of their food.  My party and I found the food portions to be rather small for the prices they charge.  One of my friends was not impressed with the prices they charge for a glass of Maker's Mark, either.
So after spending the night mostly at the Stockade Inn with several girlfriends, we decided to enjoy a late-late night afterparty at Clinton's Ditch. I live by the joint but never really stopped in before. I must say it pleasantly surprised me. It was crowded on a Friday night(mostly with good looking men: who knew?) and I tried their Toasted Almond drink special which was prepared twice and tasted excellent each time. THe place has a good feel to it and the bathrooms are clean. (A plus in a busy bar) I did not eat food that night but still would recommend this place for those desiring a low key vibe and some good friends fun. THIS IS the kind of place where everyone could one day know your time. Call it Schenectady's CHEERS bar. :)
Great food, pub atmosphere, friendly servers.  Highly recommend if you are in the area.
Nachos were all right--wasn't a fan of the cheese sauce over shredded cheese (overkill?) but my whiskey and ginger was strong like I liked it and my chicken salad wrap and waffle fries made up for the nachos. Everyone else enjoyed theirs as well.
The burger was great, the service was friendly and the ambience is pleasant.  A cool place but not likely to be the highlight of your trip.
I went for an after work bite to eat, no drinks.  Food was average, service was good.  Nothing special.
Good food & service. Love the ditch fries. I'd go back.
So far I have gone to Clinton's Ditch twice since I moved to Schenectady a month ago. The first time I ordered a broccoli cheese pizza and it was delicious and garlicky but not too oily. The second time I ordered the build your own quesadilla which was also very good. They have good sized portions for the price and the service is good. The only negative about Clinton's Ditch is that the music is too loud so it makes it hard to have a conversation with the person across from you. Overall, I will be returning frequently.
Great food. I've had three different entrees and they were all seasoned really well and delicious. Not a wide selection of beers though, but good enough to get by.
Good pub food with large servings.  The service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait.
Good spot for lunch.  Generous portions, unique food choices, neat atmosphere, friendly wait staff, and relatively quick service.  Will definitely be going again.
good bar food.cute friendly waitresses..bar food
had a great time, good food good size drinks.  great for custom requests. being disabled many places are tough to get into.  they opened the back gate us, watched the car while my partner got me seated.
