This place is soooo freaking good. I usually don't have pizza very often, and when I do- I have really high expectations (probably the Brooklyn inside me)! My boyfriend brought me here for the first time on a Thursday evening. It was not busy at all and we were seated right away. We started off with fried calamari rings, and a green salad (family size of 4). My boyfriend and I are big fans of green salads and we were pretty hungry so we decided "why the heck" not get two extra servings for the salad! P.s. UM WE FINISHED IT ALL! We were given bread alongside with our salad and it was warm and fresh. The calamari was right on (and stays true to it's name by only giving you rings), not too fried with extra batter and not over cooked to the point of being too chewy. The sauce was also very good and flavorful. But when the pizza came... It was a wrap... I knew this place was the real deal when the pizza was the bomb! We had one side of just tomato, and the other of broccoli and peppers. The peppers were not too spicy, but just right with a little kick! Everything was just too perfect about the food. The waitress was a little delayed but when she noticed we were drinking our waters fast, she left a pitcher at our table! One extra star if I could for that. I definitely look forward to coming back here again. For those that are deciding whether to come here for some grub- DO IT. JUST DO IT.
Was told about this place by a friend that went to Union College a decade ago. Said it was the best pizza around, by far. We tended to agree after eating there tonight. Meanwhile, our service was a struggle and no matter how good this place is - no one should ever wait 47 minutes for their pizza to be served. How do I know this? I checked the time we checked in on yelp with the time our pizza arrived. In addition, our pizza came out wrong, however, as long as it took to get it, we weren't about to complain. Also, 52 minutes for chicken tenders? That's just not right, no matter how busy you are on a Friday night. In addition, our waitress wasn't friendly - at all - and didn't refill a drink until our pizza arrived. Brutal service. On the other hand, I'm banking on this being a bad night, service wise, because the pizza can't be put down. It's good. There's a reason why it's packed with locals. It'd damn good.
please watch your back while at this place.  my husband was robbed at gun point last night!!!! this place only takes cash therefore scumb bags know where to hang out to get their $ too bad this place really has great food :(
How did Marino's escape being reviewed on Yelp?! I mean, they have flying pizza for god sake! I first tried Marino's back in September and was pretty convinced they had some of the best pizza in the region. A month later, Marino's makes it to the semifinals in All Over Albany's pizza tournament (alloveralbany.com/archiv…). Let's talk taste. Marino's works well for both individual slices and pies. Each slice has excellent ratios. The crispy crust works well with the thin layer of bright sauce and perfectly greasy cheese. In all the times I've been to Marino's, the crust has never been undercooked, thus avoiding a huge pet peeve of mine. Sometimes the pies suffer a tad on the way home, but what pie doesn't? The slices, though, are always on point. Prompt service and a friendly attitude really push Marino's into the five star realm. They allowed a large group of rowdy teenagers ordering only two slices of pizza stay in the restaurant on Halloween night. Big ups to the owner for giving teenagers, usually cast out from most businesses, a place to hang out.
My family has gone to "Mario's" (aka Marino's) since before I was even born. I definitely took for granted the amazing pizza I got to eat on a regular basis. When I moved to Albany for college, I got used to the "pizza" that the other establisments serve throughout the capital district. I honestly forgot what REAL pizza tasted like. On a whim a few months ago I remembered "Mario's" and conviced my boyfriend to make the drive for dinner. He is now just as addicated as the rest of my family. He's had pizza all throughout the country, but says this is the best pizza he's ever had. Their pizza tastes exactly as amazing as I remember it. Lastly I'd like to say, in response to the 2 negative reviews on here, that #1, I don't get the complaints about the parking. The parking lot is more than double the size now than what it was when I was a kid. #2, if you think the pizza sucks here you obviously are a chain smoker who's burned out all their tastebuds and probably thinks Pizza Hut is amazing. Just take a trip over to "Mario's". You won't regret it; I promise!
Quick tips: CASH only, and the parking lot is a mess (I got parked in!). This review, as with our other pizza joint reviews, is only for the pizza plus a salad. So, we had our first really good pizza of our systematic review of the 'za places in the eastern part of Schenectady,  thank you, Marino's. They're large pies but with a somewhat thicker crust than the typical NY style, and they were plenty generous with the toppings. We had decent veggies (not overly fresh but decent) and ample pepperoni. The pizzas are sprinkled with dried herbs on the cheese, and the sauce is in just about the right ratio - not a dry pizza but not a sloppy one either. The crust was recognizably a bread product! The pizza's standard composition, not gourmet, but it's by far the best we've sampled of its ilk in the area. The salad (an antipasto - they don't have a greek, but it's a fine line indeed) had a few too many discouragingly white and lime green lettuce leaves, but had plenty of cheese and meats and olives and grape tomatoes, nice red onions, and a decent vinegary house dressing. The staff were friendly, and when we ordered our second set of pizzas for our sample as pick-up, we were told 35 minutes instead of the usual "20 minute" pizza-lie. I got there about 33 minutes after ordering and was told they'd be ready in a couple of minutes. They were ready two minutes later. I appreciate that kind of accuracy, especially for odd numbers, since it shows a lot of experience (especially on an incredibly busy night with both the take-out and dine-in sections of the restaurant hopping). All in all, four thumbs up from our household (well, eight, counting the junior members of the party).
Its quintessential New York thin crust with plenty of quality ingredients. Easily %14 of my adult body mass is made of Marino's pizzas consumed throughout the end of the last millennium.
Pizza is what this place is what pizza is all about!!! Chicken Parm must have been frozen then fry-o-lator fried.  Sauce is great.
Growing up, this was my family's neighborhood pizza joint. And I still dream about this place. When I crave pizza, THIS is what I want. Perfectly gooey, melty cheese, meaty Italian sausage and mushrooms, perfect sauce, crispy/chewy crust with perfect thickness. I will beg family members coming down to FL to bring me some Marino's.
Everyone told me that this was the place to go for great pizza in Schenectady.  It isn't.  I stopped asking those people where to eat.  I had two different pizzas and a hero. Been there once, it was too many times.
This place simply has great pizza. It's not novelty pizza, not wimpy gourmet pizza, you don't bake it yourself, and it's probably not all made from organic ingredients, but if you are looking for a genuinely good pie in the Schenectady area, this is the place. We had been getting pizza from a hole-in-the-wall place closer to our house, and their quality has gone down gradually in the past year, to the point that, when we had a pizza from Marino's last night, we realized we had forgotten what pizza should taste like!  Marino's quality is excellent, and their prices are very reasonable--after all, it is pizza, and when life calls for pizza, you want pizza. Marino's is mobbed on Friday and Saturday nights--call ahead for pickup. You won't regret it.
Get the linguini with loose sausage and mushroom dish, definitely one of the best dishes! Prices are great, I always go with my family! Also, they make great pizza!
Great food!  Great Service!   Have eaten in and had take out!  Love the pizza alway great!   Dinners are good too!   I wish it was closer to home I would have it more often.
Marino's is a great place for take-out. I literally will drive WAY out of my way to get their pies because I've never had pizza ANYWHERE that I liked this much. The slices are huge, the cheese is just right, and the sauce is always perfect. Toppings are always fresh, too, and if you're worried about where the dough has been, you can actually stand at the counter and watch it being tossed. Their other menu options... Well, the fries are good, and so are the salads, but I'm not a fan of their pasta or meats. I'd also strongly recommend getting there a little early or not arriving super-hungry if you're looking to dine in. While they do have a comfortable dining area, they fill up REALLY quickly, and once seated, parties never seem to leave, so you might wind up standing in the cramped front hallway for a good half an hour.
I drive well out of my way to go to Marino's. I typically order their pizza or chicken parm, as it is the best I've had. Ever. That's not to say everything else is not that good, because it is. It's darn good. The staff is courteous, friendly and attentive. On a Friday or Saturday night, you may have to wait for a table, it's worth it. If you are in a hurry, place a take out order. Oh, and bring cash.
I've been eating at Marino's since I was a child and over the years, their food and prices have not changed much.  The ambiance is simple, but the food remains consistently premier.
In my opinion, this place has the best pizza in all of Upstate NY! I have been going here for 20 years and the food hasn't changed. I have moved away now, but whenever I am back in the area, I have to go! In my book, this is the pizza that all others are judged by! Awesome!
Tried other pizza places and keep going back to Marino's! They do pizza right!
Never have had a problem, love the pizza love the place
One of my favorite places in Schenectady.  Love the chicken parm and the pizza is always good!
