The Christmas and family concert events are truly magical. Music is obviously the central theme but they go all out with favors, costumed characters and decorations. Even the youngest child would be absolutely captivated from start to finish. I love any event at Eastman Theatre. I have been fortunate to attend most of the Family events as an event photographer but always made sure to bring my little one along! Deni Says: Enjoyable for all. MUST.
The opening of 2014-2015 season. The new conductor Ward Stare is a slim young man, but big on the podium. The concert started with The Star Spangled Banner which the maestro conducting us as a formidable choir.  We followed his direction to perfection. The next piece was Berlioz Overture to Beatrice and Benedict, a galloping piece. The soloist to this occasion was another petite giant, Midori. I've seen her since her debut.  She started the Brahms Violin Concerto in D Major, OP 77 like a little Samurai.  She doesn't have a big sound, and by the tone of her violin I'm almost certain she plays a Guarnerious instrument.  Her cadenza in the first movement was breathtaking. The last piece of the program to my surprised was Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 4 in F Minor, Op. 36.  The pizzicato was delightful. Sleeping Beauty here & there. A night of 3 tormented men.
Applause, Applause! My husband took me out on a date last Friday night.  We went to the RPO and enjoyed a concert from their Pops series.  It was Classic Bond - musical numbers from almost all of the James Bond movies.  I was in my element (being a former band geek and all) and my husband enjoyed it too. It's been a while since I've been to Kodak Hall at the Eastman Theater, and I have to say it was such a treat.  The renovations in the foyer/entry way were so nice, and the theater itself is looking stunning in all of its 1920's glory. We had balcony seats, and enjoyed being able to really see all of the intricate detail in the architecture.   The RPO itself was impeccable.  The guest conductor was a hoot, the performers were wonderful.  It is so nice to live in a town with a cultural and historical gem such as the Eastman Theater - and we're blessed with top-notch musicians. I can't wait to go back. Oh, and one other thing - why don't people dress up for these sorts of things anymore?  I felt a little odd being so dressed up for a concert, when others were there in jeans.
I love the RPO. Luckily I'm frequently on the end of complimentary tickets, but even if I wasn't, I'd still go. Unfortunately, the RPO has been the center of negative press with the tumultuous departure of the most recent conductor Remmereit and feuding between longtime supporters and the board. I think it's safe to say that what's happening here is a microcosm of the difficulties that orchestras and symphonies are experiencing nationally. It's hard to fund a musical body like the RPO. It's hard to sustain benefactors and donors and to keep ticket sales flowing when the economy is pinching. And further, let's face it, classical music doesn't seem to appeal to young adults. It's something that takes time and effort to appreciate. I often wander through the Eastman Theatre during intermission, dodging one gray head and another, and wonder why you have to be over age 60 to "get it." Going to the RPO is an amazing experience. You can get last-minute tickets the day of the performance for $20. Choose an accessible symphony with a dynamite soloist and bask in the re-creation of history. All those musicians. Playing together. All those people. In one room. Listening together. It's a unique, thrilling, communal and sacred moment. These are the moments that defined history in all small and large towns all over Europe. Supporting an organization like the RPO isn't just about being cultured. It's about perpetuating an art form that has formed the backdrop of world history and given birth to some of the most astonishing creative geniuses mankind has seen. It takes time to appreciate, but it's worth it. It's not going to be a Chicago Symphony or Berlin Philharmonic, but it's a talented bunch of hardworking musicians who are sure to wow you if you give them a chance.
We had such a wonderful time at the Holiday Pops concert!  The Orchestra was amazing, the children's choir was so adorable and the high schoolers were really impressive.  It was a fun two hours of Christmas music and I can't wait to go again next year!
Although long-time members were sad to see Christopher Seaman go (some of us still miss David Zinnman), Arild Remmereit shows tremendous promise to be a music director for many years to come. The orchestra has always been top-notch (with the Eastman School associated with it, how could it not?), and the recent remodelling of the theater has improved the sound, as well as the seats. So, what's still lacking? Yes, as another poster mentioned, their boiler-room fundraising is crass, and has probably cost them members (god knows, we refuse to get season tickets after our previous experiences with telemarketers calling us over and over and over), but my biggest beef is that they never start the concert on time! If you arrive at the Met late for a performance, you get to wait in the lobby, watching the performance on TV, until the first scene ends. They should do the same at the RPO, rather than holding the start of the performance for 15, even 20 minutes (??!!) because a bunch of lazy 'burbanites couldn't get their lard-butts down to the theater on time! Another beef is with the audience. Are ALL rochesterians turning into mouth-breathing morons and slobs? Can't people wear something better than worn-out jeans and t-shirts to the concert? And don't they have enough sense to know that you can't bring food and drinks into the hall?  Sheesh!!
A community treasure and a top tier orchestra. The arts in Rochester are above and beyond the size of the area. RPO is perhaps the class of them all.
in 1943, a 24 year old recent graduate of the curtis institute of music applied to be the director of the rpo, but despite his talent, this young man was denied the position because he was deemed too young to direct an "important orchestra."  later that year, that young man became assistant director of the new york philharmonic (which had no problem with his age).  his name was leonard bernstein. in some sense, the rpo has never been able to live down it's notorious rejection of bernstein, and has remained an excellent albeit second-tier orchestra with a bit of a chip on the shoulder. nonetheless, the rpo is largely responsible for the flourishing arts/music scene in rochester, and i've never been to a performance of theirs that i didn't enjoy!
I would like to follow-up with an additional 1-star review to mention that I am still receiving calls more than a year after my last scathing review.
Until moving to Rochester, we didn't realize the RPO is one of *the* most outstanding philharmonic orchestras.  We attended many RPO concerts and they were all terrific.  Also, the Eastman Theater is *gorgeous* and it has a huge number of seats.
