I love the Allentown Art Festival!  Supporting local and regional artists is such a wonderful thing.  As Lindsay said in her review, the 2014 festival was definitely different -- with less painting and more pottery and jewelry.  In fact, there was a lot of pottery... more than usual! I ended up snagging a poster of the Electric Tower from Inkwell, a watermelon bowl, and a metal sculpture of a nurse from some metalworking craftsmen.  It was a great haul in my opinion.  Oh, and don't forget about the giant bag of kettle corn! Parking can be a pain, but living only 4 blocks from North St, my family just parked in my driveway and we walked.  Parking was going for $5 at most places along Delaware, and $7 at some places.  If you aren't opposed to walking a little bit more, try to find a street spot and just walk OR take the train... it'll save you some trouble.  The prices for water and food are pretty overpriced (as expected) with $2.50 for a bottle of water and $3 for a medium lemonade.  This isn't really any different from any other festival, however, so planning ahead with your own fluids is the smart way to go.
I hadn't been to the Fest in years and decided today's cool weather made for a great day to trample miles of pavement with minimal sun and heat damage to my body. Ha! We parked kind of far which was totally stupid. Next year, I have made a note that there is much closer parking, if willing to pay. D'oh! And even in a paid lot, my car got smashed. Ugh. It could have happened anywhere I suppose, and at least the person left a phone number... Blah. Anyway, walking the Fest was pleasant. In the past it seemed there were always an abundance of painters. This year I would say the dominating craft was jewelry. A huge range of it too. I find most of the prices on merchandise here to be way expensive. But it's a festival and it's art so it is what it is. There were some decent food vendors too, but nothing wonderful from what I tried. Typical festival food. The Hawaiian Shave Ice sucked. It was like a huge snow cone and way under flavored. I had a chicken cutlet sandwich from another booth that was pretty tasty. I feel pretty middle of the road about this festival. I don't love it but don't hate it. It'll probably be 5 years before I return. Please for the love of all that's sacred, don't bring your dogs to these events. Walking the pavement isn't pleasant for them, nor is nearly being trampled by people. They are much happier and safer at home! And even strollers and wheel chairs shouldn't be here. Though if you have to, don't get pissy with people trying to walk around (or quite honestly trying to DODGE) your transportation on wheels.
11 Reasons Why The Allentown Art Festival Rocks: 1) You get a chance to be shoulder to shoulder with your neighbors, especially if you head down narrow Allen St. If you're feeling lonely, there's nothing better than brushing shoulders with your fellow comrades in the joyous spirit of art. Now that I got my sarcasm out of the way, I do really enjoy this festival and encourage anyone who's never seen what it's all about to head down with an easy-going soul whose company you really enjoy, because... 2) You get to learn the stories of so many different artists. People come from all over the state and country to present here. Sure, you may already be familiar with Mark Callen photography or Faces of Buffalo being the smaller city that Buffalo is, but there's potter makers, metal workers, artists from Utica even Tennessee and further out that come here. When I take the time to truly learn their stories, I feel a little more human because I realize that we all essentially go through the same human stresses. Seeing that expressed in art lifts my spirit a little bit. 3) If you bring a dog, especially one who likes to explore and eat dirty popcorn and cigarette butts, you'll never be without a dull moment. 4) You can play with your five senses. I love taking the time to touch, explore and be a kid as I let myself have ADD and exhibit to another. 5) Will you find great deals on art? Probably not. Maybe if you haggle a little bit, but expect prices to be relatively high. However, if you do buy something -- realize that you're supporting an artist and entrepreneur who paid hundreds of dollars to have a booth here for you. Her/his art is valuable. 6) Lloyd's tacos...now selling those pickled onions you love so much at Premiere and a Co-Op near you! 7) I feel a part of the community as I come here and see many familiar faces as well make new connections. Being a part of a smaller cities community can be really empowering because small actions can have large impacts. For instance, organizing an Ambush Buffalo outing can bring strangers together, give birth to new projects and drive people to undiscovered businesses. Similarly, the WNY Book Arts who vended here for the first time 2013 puts together the Small Press Book Fair bringing thousands into Buffalo to make meaningful connections. 8) I love walking around all day and then getting a nice tasty meal somewhere. I happened to drive out to Bar Bill afterward for the first time to taste their legendary wings that I've been hearing so much about. Verdict? Coming soon to a Yelp review near you. 9) Seeing the police ride around on horses. I like horses. 10) I rediscover how much artistic talent, innovation, and entrepreneurship exists in Buffalo. 11) It doesn't cost anything to walk around! No admission for the public; just a celebration of art...one's that been going on for over 56 years and continues to evolve every year. How cool is that?
Even when living away from the (716), I always made sure I returned to Buffalo for the Allentown Art Festival.  In my book the single most interesting day of the year, Buffalonians know well enough that this is a weekend of snarled traffic downtown, a day where parking will not be found, a day when bars and restaurants will be mobbed. For two days in early June, vendors under tents line Franklin hawking everything from wallets to magnets, prints, paintings, furniture, and knickknacks galore.  Frankly, many of these items aren't worth the price tags they bear, but they might be worth a gander.  Others are incredibly cool, items that will bring together a living room, a kitchen, a dining room, items worth porting from apartment to apartment, possibly until that future significant other puts his/her foot down and says, "It's either me or the handmade broom with Bob Marley's head carved into the handle."  (Yes, you can find that at Allentown, too. But as this festival grew up, it expanded well beyond the festival itself.  Businesses throughout the area know that they will at last have sidewalk traffic, that the chances of someone stopping by, merely curious, are one thousand fold the chances on any other time of the year.  Finally possessed of an opportunity to attract and impress passersby, they can't help to put on a show.   For example, in 2013, the Teddy Roosevelt Inaugural site on Delaware Avenue offered half off any tour and sold society-baked cookies and lemonade.  Andrews, Bernstein, and Maranto, a personal injury firm opened up the renovated and restored first floor of their office in a former Hamlin mansion on Franklin Street to provide "tours" and answer questions about the family and the estate.  Two Chicks & a Rooster, a still-renovating business scheduled to open later in the month, had borrowed the kitchen of another restaurant to show off upcoming offerings.  The Church of Scientology was out in full swing, offering free tours (again). Why is the Allentown Art Festival so awesome?   Because everyone takes the subway because they know they won't find parking and they use it and they say to themselves "Wow this was so easy" and ask themselves "Why don't we do this more often?" and realize that our city does have a valuable resource in our little piddle of a subway. Because bands and hula hoops and deejays and breakdancers and dancing old men with boomboxes and 40's wrapped in brown paper bags abound.   Because people put dogs in baby stollers and leashes on children. Because it's one of the rare times in the year where the Buffalo city center feels hippy and hipstery and fun and loud and crowded and crazy alive and vibrant and happening.   And whew, I'm out of breath.  Because the Allentown Art Festival ushers in the best weekend of Buffalo's year.
I've been going to the Allentown Art Festival for as long as I can remember. My older siblings used to take us when we were younger and it remains as fascinating now as it did then. It's great to walk around and look at all the beautiful things people have created. Every booth has something unique to offer, from paintings, to woodwork, to metalwork, to glass work, to almost anything else you can think of. There are hundreds of artists dedicated to their craft, many having devoted their lives to what they do. If you're lucky, you may even get to see an artist painting right in front of you. And of course, the kettle corn is abundant (as well as a lot more great smelling foods). Police ride around on segways, generally leaving the public to explore unbothered. I even saw two police men ordering chicken in a pita from their segway which was pretty entertaining. If you're only going to buy something cheap, this probably isn't the place for you. All the artwork is pretty expensive but if you look hard enough you can find relatively inexpensive items. Either way, it's worth it to see some truly amazing pieces. But even without purchasing anything except kettle corn, it's an enjoyable experience where you'll probably run into people you haven't seen since the art festival last year. I'm sure I'll continue to visit the festival every year, no matter where I am.
First, there is very little "art" for sale, and amongst the tchachkes offered, damn little of any quality. I seriously doubt that this is a 'juried show', judging by the sad collection of crap on sale. Also, be forewarned; there is NO SHADE anywhere at the Allentown Festival, so if it's a hot, sunny day, you're going to fry like an egg. Add to that the roughly 50% vacancy rate on the storefronts, and you begin to wonder just whom this show is supposed to benefit, aside from the vendors. It's been 2 years since my first (and hopefully only) Allentown Junk Festival, and the memory is still vivid in my mind. Thousands of hot, sweaty people baking in the sun, and popping in and out of tents provided by said junk purveyors, selling everything from lawn whirligigs, those cutouts of amply-beamed women bending over in the garden, and, of course, poorly-potted coffe mugs available by the gross. A few people were actually selling something resembling 'art', but not many of them were the type of work that you would hang in any room other than your toilet. One painting will remain seared in my memory for the rest of my days; a rather dark portrait of an African Mountain Gorilla painted on....velvet! As if THAT wasn't bad enough, I recognized it as being copied from a National Geographic photo from years before. Plagiarism and 'hack' art combined into one! Well, at least I didn't see a single 'velvet Elvis', or one of those paintings of the dogs playing cards, but you just know that several of the vendors DO have them in their trailers, and will probably show them the next week, when they are at the Podunk County Fair. Now, Rochester has a few rather poor 'art festivals' on the order of the Allentown, but nothing nearly as bad. If, however, you are a fan of the garbage sold here, you might want to go slightly further upscale, and check out the Corn Hill festival in Rochester. It's likewise, held in a hot, sweaty, shadeless neighborhood, but at least IT has some standards....
This past weekend was the 54th Annual Allentown Art Festival. The Allentown Art Festival was a great time however I feel that this year's festival focused more on crafts then the art itself. There was a ride range If festivals aren't your thing there are plenty of bars, boutiques and cozy local restaurants in the Allentown area.
This is really more of a crafts festival than an arts festival, but it was fun nonetheless.  There was some really great photography and a handful of talented painters.  Tons of gorgeous jewlery, interesting folks to lookie-loo at and lots of street fair food vendors.   A fun thing to do on a warm summer afternoon.
Hundreds of tents line Delaware and Franklin during this summer festival.  Vendors from all over the country flock to Allentown to show off their stuff in a 2-day event.  This is a must-go to event for all Buffalonians as there is literally something for everyone here.
