I went here with my two kids and wife. We had a fantastic time. My kids who are 3 and 2 did great and when our hour was up they did not want to leave. There are a lot of different options for jumping on different types of trampolines. Definitely worth a visit.
This place is AMAZING! I went with 3 other adults and we had such a blast! The first 30 minutes FLEW right by - it was exhausting but way too much fun to stop jumping so I was glad that we purchased hour-long tickets. They have a trampoline dodgeball court that was a lot of fun! They have enough jumping space to where having about 40 other people jumping around wasn't too much of a nuisance. There was even a girl jumping while on a wheelchair - I was thrilled to see such an accommodating trampoline park! Contrary to other reviews I've seen, the staff were very friendly and helpful when I went - they were able to retrieve my friends phone that fell under the trampoline AND they even all peformed the Macarena from their various spots around the trampoline park at one point! I can't wait to return - very fun and exciting atmosphere!
This place sucks and the staff suck even more than the place!!! One star because you can't give zero stars. I have never seen a place that just opened, bend over backwards to try and get their business to fail. First we get there and they have little kid jump time until 1pm. (Oh we should have seen the schedule on their website). Now, there were maybe 8 little kids jumping. Can we jump in an area they are not using. Big f-ing no. We decided to leave and come back. Now there's a line. Our fault, we just should have hung around for the hour doing nothing but watch 8 little kids bop around. And they now tell us our wait time is 30 minutes. By the way, the staff is very rude, very short and upset me so much that I'm really fighting hard to keep this review family rated. I saw one kid in there walking a little fast to catch up with his friends and he gets yelled at by the staff to stop running. WHAT??? At another point the staff stopped everyone from jumping to tell everyone to slow down their jumping. There's a "speed" to jumping? Uh, would that be 8, 14 or 26 jumps per minute? Or do you just have to be a jerk who knows fast jumping when they see it. I was about 10 min into my 30 min wait. I saw about 20-25 other people leave. I couldn't take it anymore and I left too. I visited a trampoline place run by a different company coming home one day from CT. It looked fun. Everyone was having a good time. I couldn't wait for this place to open. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT. I'd rather go to the dentist than back to this place. It's only a matter of time before this place closes shop. They already lost potential customers and return customers. And for the staff...you're self-deserving, uncaring attitude sucks. YOU are the main reason the place will fail. The other reason is their policies and planned age time that cuts out other clients and cuts into your bottom line. IWe have no plans of ever going back there. I'd rather drive the 2 hours to the one in CT. Save your money. Do ANYTHING ELSE than go here.
Everything about this place sucks. Employees stay after their shifts end and do whatever they want and often put other jumpers in danger with no consequence. Super McNasty - I'm looking at you, dick.
It's definitely fun. $13 an hour for adults, $9 an hour for kids. We booked online for 2pm and got there at 1:30. We were not allowed to change our jump time from 2-3 to 130-230 because "we booked online". That seems absurd. Their capacity is also extremely high at 200... 200 people in there is like sardines in a can. No way. Our jump had maybe 15 people other than us, and that was perfect. I'm very slender and fit, and I was exhausted after 15 minutes.. so book 30min if you're an adult. An hour is fine for kids. The staff is... VERY unfriendly, and appear to not care about safety whatsoever, just enforcing their rules. There were 2 staff monitoring the entire warehouse, which is quite larger. I would feel uncomfortable letting my children jump with such few staff, if I had any. I was very surprised by their apathy and attitudes, especially considering they have only been open a week... I will return for the fun of jumping.
I finally got a chance to go play around in Flight Albany and it was a blast. It's worth the money for the hour, I just wish I was a better acrobat!
Wanted to check out this place, in the hope of scheduling my son's birthday party there.   Unfortunately,  we could never get "off the ground" with the office staff.  It is as if several high schoolers got together one day and decided to open a trampoline business.  The website advertises prices that do not exist on the website's payment page.  Phone calls and emails about this discrepancy go unreturned.  Perhaps you can get a reservation if you are willing to forgo the advertised special and pay full price?  We were unable to check the place out, except in terms of how professionally/unprofessionally it is run, so we will not be able to consider it for my son's birthday party.
I was there for one hour.  We got there and it wasn't as busy as we expected for a rainy summer day.  The staff was very friendly to us.  You can rent a locker if you need to which is great if you are worried about your wallet and phone.  They have little cubbies you can put your shoes also.  For one hour it was $14.04 for me.  I think this is reasonable; I think it is around $9 for a 30 minute session.  For the reviewer that though the barefeet thing was disgusting it is actually for a safety reason.  The trampolines are slippery and if you were your own socks you have  a greater risk of falling.  So I know some people think it might be gross but just wash your feet when you get home.  They steam clean the place which I found out when I asked one of the employees so they attempt to keep it as clean as possible.  The trampolines are fun and there are basketball courts, dodgeball, and jumps off of around 8 foot cliffs all on trampolines bases.  I am 21 and I found it enjoyable.  There is a kid section for kids under 48".  For kids over 48" they can be all over the rest of the park.  I did find it a little annoying that sometimes kids would jump infront of you and you had to stop suddenly or risk slamming into a tiny seven year old but that is more the parents fault than the parks fault.  Overall it is fun and if you have a day where you need to get hyper kids a little time to get their energy out then this is the place.  I loved it there and will be back (maybe during finals when I have a little pent up energy)
