I gave Bellini's 5 stars a few years ago, and that has not changed. However, I felt I needed to give them an update after the amazing experience we had there the other day for a catered party. I had been torn over several places for a private party we were going to be having to celebrate my graduation and ultimately decided on Bellini's for a few reasons - obviously their menu selection is great, prices are quite reasonable compared to most places for a private party, and their private party room has quite the ambiance and really is private and cozy. Every step of the way, planning was a breeze, and we were able to work with them to customize a menu that would fit into the prices of their packages but also give my guests some mouth-watering options to choose from. From start to finish, our party was a success thanks to the excellent service at Bellini's and outstanding preparations of the dishes. We had 3-4 servers helping us throughout our party, timing everything right, and offering the right amount of charm. One thing I loved in particular, that sadly doesn't happen as often as it should in other restaurants, they offered their insight on the menu options we selected, and really talked up the ones that were their personal favorites. They were great about knowing the ingredients in the dishes, and offering great substitutions for those with allergies. Food was all excellently prepared as well. Now, I have read the negative reviews people have put on Bellini's before, and one thing I notice as the trend, usually has to do with the red sauce, or portions being too big - and my response to all this is, you aren't ordering correctly here. Of course there are options here to satisfy the less than adventurous person who doesn't want to venture outside of a chicken parm, or that guy who likes to compare marinara sauce wherever they go - but that is not what you should be doing here cause there other options, the ones that don't jump off your menu and scream "pick me I'm Italian" are where the magic happens. For instance, the fritti misto - comes with 2 sauces, a lemon aioli and marinara - the marinara is nothing to write home about, but the lemon aioli.....the heavens open up and sing over this one! Our dinner party menu options consisted of the Chicken Carciofo (A must try - includes risotto, chicken, spinach, and artichokes in a white wine sauce), Chicken Marsala, Pasta Bolognese, a Shrimp and Pesto dish, Filet Gorgonzola (a pasta fish with filet tips and gorgonzola) and Chicken Parm (for those that are purists or just too afraid to venture out of their comfort zone). The dishes most ordered and most raved about were the Chicken Carciofo, Pasta Bolognese and Filet Gorgonzola - with the exception of Pasta Bolognese (which is just too good to ignore), none of these scream Italian dishes if you don't know the flavor profiles of Italy well - but give them a shot and you will not be disappointed. Nor will you be disappointed with your service here.
FOOD: Bellinis' fare is decent Italian. Our party tried the Fritti Misto ($14.95) appetizer which included shrimp, scallops, calimari, and jalapeños. While tasty, I don't know why this dish was fried. More upscale Italian places tend to broil their appetizers vice breading them. My entree was the Nino's Classico ($15.95) which consisted of rigatoni, marinara sauce, Italian sausage, and a 1/2-pound meatball. The pasta was cooked al dente, though I doubt it was freshly made. The sausage was good, and the meatball was seasoned well, albeit a little dry. That part wasn't really the restaurant's fault. A meatball that size only serves to be a novelty as it's difficult to cook without overdoing it. For dessert I had a slice of the chocolate mousse cake covered in ganache ($7.95). SERVICE: Our server Mariah was friendly and attentive, and we had no complaints about her. The atmosphere attempts to be charming, but the dimly lighted rooms only make it cumbersome to read the menu. VALUE: This is anywhere from okay to slightly below average. The prices are on the higher side, and I think this place could improve its value by bringing their A-game when it comes to food quality, especially given the competition in Troy and Albany. I realize the bigger margins are made on desserts, but that cake wasn't worth $8. Their canolis are $5.95 but no bigger than the freshly made ones at the Italian bakery two miles away where they're half the price. TL;DR = Bellinis is a middle of the road Italian eatery that attempts to convince its guests it is an upscale establishment.
Food portions have shrunk since last visit. Good service but portions verse cost may may make you choose another option.
[My first restaurant experience in upstate NY!] Visited Bellini's for a wedding rehearsal dinner and I really enjoyed it! The service was good (especially considering there were almost 30 of us), and the food was freaking excellent. For appetizers, we had some bruschetta and fried calamari. Both were very good (though I didn't realize that the fried calamari also included fried jalapeños! that gave me a quick storm). They also gave us some bread w/ basil olive oil, parmesan cheese, and whipped butter. Then, the caesar salad and pear salad; and for my entree, the salmon. Everything was very tasty, and plentiful. What probably made the experience though was the dessert ensemble: chocolate and vanilla mousse in edible chocolate containers; chocolate mousse/fudge cake; raspberry mascarpone cake, and cannolis. Though our stomachs said stop, we polished the entire tray clean. Then, I had some green tea and slipped into a delightfully miserable state of gluttonous fullness.
Chain crap. Overpriced. These are the terms that come to mind when I hear Bellini's because that's what it is: overpriced chain crap. It's a small chain, but a chain nonetheless. Their red sauce in particular is disappointing. They attempt to mask the sauce's failure by cramming so many onions into so small a space that you'd expect the mass of it to form a black hole. Unfortunately in Stripmallistan (to borrow a phrase from another Yelp user), also known as Clifton Park, you don't have a lot of options that aren't chains. If you want Italian and don't mind driving out of Clifton Park, there's always Verdile's in Lansingburg and Cornell's in Schenectady.
Remains at a solid 3 Stars. Borders on 4. Went for a late lunch not too long ago. Food- 3.5 Stars. Excellent Bruschetta to start. Good meatball sub, but not great. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their lunch Service- 4 Stars. Good service. Atmosphere- 4 Stars. Nice inside. Value- 3 Stars. Not bad, not great.
I think Meredith over here owns the place or was paid to write that. One star for the decor. I am all for dark restaurants with modern yet comfy touches. Great for dates. The other star is for their pizzas. I've tried most of the pizzas, in fact its th eonly menu item I'm enthralled with, and all of them are really great. One of the best margherita pizzas I've ever had. My qualms about this place is price and the portions. It's a lot of money for a lot of food. Too much food thats just average. And after you've been eating it for 30 minutes, that averageness falls to get this freaking plate with 4,000 calories on it away from me. Their chicken parm was wayyy worse than my Irish mom's.  Their tortellini was tasteless as is, and the sauce that was poured over it was unremarkable.  The bread is decent. The service is nothing to write home about, and I know for a fact the manager (if shes still there) is truly heinous. There's always people in there...mostly due to the lack of quality restaurants in the immediate area....and this is the best people can get. I'm waiting for Chianti's owners to open up their place at the old Applebees location.
We enjoyed dinner at Bellini's while visiting family in the area recently. It was a lovely summer evening, so we dined alfresco. The strip mall parking lot ambiance is not terrific, but the tables are set back a few feet from the blacktop and the noise level was actually very low so it was fine. All the dishes I tasted were enjoyable. For starters, a fried eggplant "Stack" was a treat, and the Antipasto Dilusso platter was nicely done. I loved my cioppino - the seafood was all fresh and nicely cooked, the sauce was bright & flavorful and the linguini cooked to perfection. My companion's Da Nico was pleasant, as well. If there was a Bellini's near my house, I could see myself becoming a regular. The menu is compact, but there are many appealing choices. Ditto the wine list. Service was friendly and just attentive enough. A good time was had by all...
Bellini's is a sit-down authentic Italian restaurant with great food and a plenty of ambiance.  Their menu includes many Italian favorites as well as a number of innovative entrees.  The freshest of ingredients are used to make wonderful salads with awesome dressings and delicious pizzas and entrees.  Special care has been taken when creating the menu to work with the Center for Preventive Medicine and Cardiovascular Health, to provide a number of heart healthy entrees.   Whether it's for lunch or dinner, Bellini's won't disappoint with a great meal.
Business dinner here one night and the food was pretty good, although I felt they were trying pretty hard, maybe too hard, to come off authentic.  Good but not great.  Great that they had Peroni on tap, thanks. Interesting that other yelpers have rated TGIFridays and Red Robin the same or better than here is beyond me...makes me go hmmmm
When we visit family in Clifton Park - we always enjoy a meal at Bellini's - and it has yet to disappoint us.  David was our waiter last night, he was friendly and efficient.  We shared a salad and a chicken marsala - delicious and enough for the two of us.
Bellini's is one of those places where I'm stuck.  I don't mind going there but I don't absolutely love it and would definitely pick other places for Italian. It's located in a shopping plaza but it's actually quite nice inside and has a good atmosphere.  I'm not sure I'd recommend sitting outside because of the location it might get noisy and annoying with the cars going by.  The service has typically been great every time I have gone.   There's a lot of different choices on the menu-chicken dishes, seafood, pasta, steak, veal, etc.  Some of the typical Italian restaurant choices like chicken parm are of course there.  Whenever I go I typically get the pasta dish with the shrimp in a pesto sauce.  It's pretty good.  I also like their wedge salad.  I have gotten the chicken parm once and I wasn't a fan, so I personally would stick to the pasta dishes.  The pizza is quite good as well.  I have gotten their pizza for take out a few times and they were all very good.  They also have a deal where you can have 3 courses with a few dollar charge (around $5 I think)  to any entree on the menu, which isn't a bad deal.  My family has also gotten the Tuesday night family meal take-out which has been pretty tasty, a good value and definitely feeds 4 with leftovers.   I think for what it is and the quality the prices might be a little on the high side.  It's really not authentic Italian but it's pretty good.
My boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere new for our one-year anniversary about two weeks ago.  He'd never been to Bellini's before, and I hadn't been since the weekend it opened back when I was still in high school.  It was a really wonderful meal and I couldn't be happier.  We sat outside, which was beautiful, and the tables were pretty far apart, which made for a very nice, romantic ambiance.  The bruschetta was delicious, really light and fresh.  I ordered the milanese, which was fantastic.  For a dish with pasta in it, it was surprisingly light.  The panko crust on the chicken was perfect.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  I would definitely recommend going here.
Have not been here for dinner in awhile but have attended small fundraising and dinner functions in their in house private party room-really a great feature in a restaurant like this- If you have a group of 15 -to probably about 40 this is a great surprise venue.  Food and service was always excellent. Now for dinner last night.  We met friends who just moved to Saratoga and they had never been there and assured us they will return. We were greeted warmly and reservation was ready but had a drink at the bar-manager was accommodating and told us to take our time even though they were pretty busy.  Bartender was attentive and friendly. Appetizers ordered were the "Stack" and the shrimp w prosciutto and greens and beans.  Both outstanding and flavorful and if you like eggplant-get the stack!   Entrees ordered were Chicken Milanese w/ spinach fettuccine and alfredo, seafood fra diavlo, baked stuffed rigatoni and veal rolatini w/ risotto.  For the sake of brevity all i can say is that every dish exceeded expectations and the service was spot on from entrance to exit for our visit. If I lived in Clifton park I would be a regular.
I've been to Bellini's once so far for Father's Day and it was really good so I'm excited to go again. To begin with don't let the fact that the restaurant is in a shopping plaza and the fact  that they serve some casual fare fool you...it is gorgeous inside. It is very modern, yet very cozy. Service was superb. The waiter we had was courteous, helpful, and was around just enough that we knew he was there to take care of us as soon as we needed something, but not over our shoulder so we couldn't have a private dining experience. Now on to the real stuff...the food. Appetizer was the frito misto and I have to say this is probably the best version of fried calamari I've had. It's got some spice to it and it was crispy and tasty. I drizzled a little bit of lemon over it and served with this amazing dipping sauce, I was in heaven and could have probably just eaten an order of that with a glass of white wine and been good for the night. I had linquine with calamari and it was very tasty. My only complaint was that I asked for the pasta al-dente and it was over cooked for my liking, but it was still tasty. My sister had the four course meal which I can't say enough about what a deal it is for 4 courses and they are all delicious. She had the steak w/ the chianti reduction and I had a taste and OMG it was amazing. That'll have to be my next food adventure there along with an order of frito misto. My dad had a pasta dish with fish and he too enjoyed it very much. Dessert I had the mouse and it was light and tasty and a perfect ending to the evening. All in all, my experience here was super positive and a place I can't wait to go back to. They try to serve up traditional food, but with a little twist to set them apart from the other places and so far it's working for them. Keep up the awesome work!
The house salad is a nice idea with dried fruit. It's pretty and tasty, and should be listed as a dessert. I wish the kitchen had some trust in their own ingredients. They pour a sugary goo of a dressing on top of a salad that has sweet ingredients in the first place. The menu said polenta croutons are featured on top. No croutons. The bruschetta is just an open face cheese sandwich on a sub roll with a side of red sauce for dipping. This kind of dish is something I order from my local pizzaria when there's a grease fest and a 1980s movie marathon about to go down. The gnocchi and veal meatballs are pretty tasty. I don't  think the veal is necessary. I didn't notice anything special about the meatballs, veal or no veal. I enjoyed this dish compared to the salad and "bruschetta." I ordered a cappuccino. Wrong decision. Lukewarm, pre-sugared, no foam, lots of milk, served in a sticky vat. Steer clear of the $6 child's latte listed as a plain cappuccino. I very much dislike sugar in my coffee, let alone unidentified syrup that was added in the back. I'm convinced they use a mix. This is not my first visit and I dread subsequent visits. I think it's the value-cost conundrum again. I feel like I'm in a nice restaurant but, upon completion of the dining experience, I don't have that satisfied feeling of having eaten something special or even good. I feel like I just ate at a small-town Applebee's.
I like this place. It is what it is and doesn't really pretend to be anything else. It has a great atmosphere and the service focuses attention on the guest. We went for lunch and enjoyed our dining experience - isn't that what going out is supposed to be? My younger son had a gnocchi ( I think because he liked saying it, he had trouble with the gn combination). I was perfectly cooked and very filling. For me the sauce was a little bland but he enjoyed it. First son had soup and a pizzette. The soup was fantastic and his pizzette - plate size, thin crust, flavorful, but perhaps would have benefited from a little more cooking time Wife had pasta and chicken - not a real stretch for her, but its what she like. We all tried a piece or two and she still brought enough home for lunch the next day. I had a panini, something I really like. The break was perfectly pressed and the fillings hot. Just good. And that is what I think Bellini's does - it does it just good. A nice nook in Clifton Park worth returning to.
I had a italian grandma that was a miracle worker in the kitchen so it is very hard for me to find a good italian restaurant.  Bellinis was touted by many s "the place" but I found it  to be about at the level maybe a tad better than a Macaroni Bar and Grill.  First what I liked, their bread was good, good olive oil, the appetizer "fried calmeri" was exceptional loved the fried peppers.  My dinner the linguini "Fruit de mar" (whatever they called it) Great portion size was nice but way too bland.  Sauce for this dish NEEDS to be acidic and taste like tomato, it just was not there, no punch in your mouth very little seafood taste.  I am kind of wondering how they got such a bland dish with all that seafood. My dinner mate had the chicken parm.  I don't get the cream in the marinara, it takes away from the sauce, why add cream to a sauce...   The pasta was slightly overcooked, but ok. The kids meals were good no complaints.  however the dessert was a let down, menu had a ice creme they said sorry and gave my kids orange creamsicles, bad form for a 100.00+ dinner certainly not how you want to end a dinner experience. The kids kind of looked at me like, what??? I am glad I went, I know I am not missing anything anymore, they have great deals on takeout. IF you are looking to get fed you can do much worse, but this certainly isn't something you want to compare to grandmas cooking....
It's fine, the food is acceptable but not as good as we can make at home. Like on the average Tuesday, in less than 30 minutes. The atmosphere is very nice and the service is good. WAAAAAAAY too expensive for what you get. Don't bother.
This was my third visit figured I would put down my thoughts.  Service has always been above average and not over the top which can be annoying at times.  Wine list is very good selection is also above average.  Veal is as good as any I have had any where other than Italy. Chicken Parma on the same level.  Price a little on the high side but atmosphere, service, quality and quantity keeps me going back.  Definitely will return.
Ordered the Cavatelli pasta and the noodles were extremely tough and unpleasant.  Upon asking they responded by saying that's just how their Cavatelli is and it seemed fine to them.  It looks like an upscale place but the quality of their food does not match the show they put on.. I wouldn't trust them to make anything more than coffee and dessert.
Ehh, prices could've been better for what we got.  Salad was among the tastiest I'd ever eaten, granted, but entrée was a little steep price-wise.  I've eaten at real authentic NYC Italian eateries for the same or even less... Overall not bad, though.
Very poor experience. Food was subpar... Garlic bread tasted like it was pre-made and frozen. For dinner I had the Napolitan, risotto was like a big ball of chalky mush. Quite possibly the worst I've ever had. The wine was tremendously over priced - $77 for a Ruffino Riserva Ducale. This is a $22 bottle in the wine store. I understand restaurants inflate the wine price, but this is too much. I don't think I'll ever go back.
This is a comfort food Italian large scale restaurant.  Real booths, tables and service.  Southern Italian food well made and overall delightful to be here.  It's no better than good food, but it's overall experience is very good.
Fabulous atmosphere, cozy & generous booths, great service for the most part although the hostess could of made us feel more welcome by being friendlier as we had never been to this restaurant and she took a quick turn into an opening in a half wall. Typically a hostess will say " this way please"    Food was better then average. One of the best meatballs I've ever had. My guy had the Gorgonzola pasta and filet. The dish was a bit too strong on the Gorgonzola, it needed to be toned down a bit and the filet was under seasoned but was still good. I had the chicken Milanese and the chicken was the best cutlet I've ever had. Panko and butter crusted, fried to delicate perfection. My pasta was very good although lacked something. Maybe garlic or lemon. It just needed a bit more wow factor although it was cooked wonderfully and creamy good.   Again, the meatball appetizer was the best meatball I have ever had and I grew up in Boston where they don't play when it comes to food!   My waitress was friendly, attentive and courteous. Although, I appreciated her service, I do like when waitstaff avoid ANY small talk and just tell me about the food and then serve. However, she did nothing wrong and I felt she deserved a generous tip. That giddy attitude with small talk tends to be the trend in all of the area restaurants. I believe Prime in Saratoga is the only restaurant in this area that has truly displayed professional, white glove style service.   Great date, celebratory or family restaurant ( I wouldn't recommend young kids though)   Desert trio of mousse was good. The pumpkin mousse was lacking although, the chocolate and raspberry made up for that.   The only serious issue I had with the place was the menu. There was only one steak option on it and it was wrapped in Prosciutto. I felt there should have been more options for a steak entree and that there should be spaghetti and meatballs on the menu considering those meatballs. The menu left a lot to be desired.  Overall, I look forward to going back and having the meatball appetizer as my entree and tasting the chocolate cake for desert.
Went to bellinis to have dinner... Wasn't so great, first off there was a social hangout spot across from our table, where all the servers proceeded to joke, laugh, and "play around" while all the customers including us were trying to enjoy our dinner. The  meatball tasted void of any flavor besides italian bread crumbs and it had been reheated apposed to freshly cooked, I had  the veal rollitini, the veal was very tough, and didn't taste like much. My boyfriend had the lamb shank which was cooked properly but missing seasoning. I think the only good thing that came from that dinner was the bottle of wine. I proceeded to call and make a complaint and the woman general mangaer was very defensive.
Extremely dissatisfied with this establishment. I will not recommend Bellini's to friends. We were once regular patrons for dine-in and family style take-out, but this evening we were turned down for a table while the restaurant was 95% empty. We had 6 in our party, casually dressed (shorts, jeans, daughter was wearing a skirt & son in khakis) and were told they had no room for us. In my heart I know that they were feeding us a line by the way the hostess spoke to me.  I believe it was either we weren't dressed up enough for the hostesses liking or the fact we had two small (potentially noisy or messy) children (1 yr old & 4 year old).
This is one of our favorite restaurants here.  There pasta is delicious, and we just tried the supper club.  My husband and I are both Italian, so get really picky when eating Italian out...we love this place.  Only one problem, they don't have a proper Bellini!  They offer a Bellini martini, but I would not recommend it.
Had a FANTASTIC martini and delicious chicken parm here.  We had a large group for dinner and everyone loved what they ordered.  Service was also very good.  Don't let the location throw you off.  If you are in the area and want Italian, this is the place.  I would rank it second only to Wheatfields in Saratoga. Hope to be back again soon.
Given the reviews I read, I was hesitant to have dinner here. However, I was very pleased with the experience and would recommend it to others. Nice atmosphere, I didn't feel like I was at a chain restaurant, except for the fact that it is located in a strip mall. The wine selection was good and my dinner was delicious. Many of the dishes seemed pricey, however my meal, cavatelli, was quite reasonable. The ingredients seemed very fresh. The portion was just large enough for dinner and to fill a small to-go container. Our waitress was pleasant and didn't come over too often. I would eat here again.
I have thoroughly enjoyed every meal every time I have been to Bellini's. I think that  the atmosphere is great and the service is always right on point.
