Server:  Jean Table: 8 Guests 2014 U-Pick Adventures continue with Eric and Erica's pick to Mizu Sushi. They have been trying to get me to come to this place for a while now, but I'm pretty loyal to my key Asian places. The following are out of 5 Points. * (5) Customer Service - Meaning how well they assisted me in my needs. I called in the reservation for Mizu Sushi the night before with the goal of eleven people, but a few got sick or emergencies came up so we walked in with the eight of us to see Jean putting our table together. I've never seen such a waitress with a skill to memorize the tables order, person by person... until now; even with a few of us changing our mind with our dessert picks. * (5) Decor - The atmosphere of the place. It's small, it's cute and it has all the seasons. The décor streams from each season. There is a magnificent sushi bar. * (5) Food & Drink - How well the food tastes, their selection of drinks This location does not serve alcohol, but allows bring your own. I do generally enjoy sake with my sushi, but that didn't change the course of the meal at all. I went with a Japanese soda, melon flavor. For entrée I went with gyoza which looked made in house and some al la carte sushi which most places don't serve such as tamago and inari. Tamago is egg omelet and inari is bean curd made into a pocket, filled with rice; very delicious. My entrée was sushi and sashimi deluxe. It was served to me beautifully and very delicious. Dessert at a Japanese restaurant in America would not be complete without tempura ice cream and Mizu Sushi has a flavor I hardly see anymore - Ginger. * (5) Price - Here I am not grading my cost, but by the quality of the food I get for the money I spent. (Example: I pay $5 for a hamburger that I could make myself.) The quality of food was outstanding. * (4) Presentation - How things are presented. Food, Drink, Staff, etc. There were no uniforms, just the simple black. I would hope they get some type of logos on their shirts. The food was presented excellently. As many times states before, "we eat with our eyes first" - my eyes were pigs. ;) Overall Score: 24/25
WOW.... what a hidden gem!  Why haven't I found this place before? Great service, beautiful decor, large portions, reasonable prices, best Yaki Udon that I have ever had, BYOB.   I see myself being a regular.  This was by far, one of the best sushi restaurants I have ever eaten at and I love the intimate, casual setting.  Highly recommend. .
I picked this sushi restaurant solely based on proximity to my friends house and the reviews on Yelp. I live over two hours away from Albany but travel here on a regular basis to see my friends. I ordered sushi for five people and called it in. I arrived earlier than their estimated time to pick up so I waited for about five minutes. I got to speak to the girl at the front and she was so pleasant and polite! She made sure we had all of our food and everything. They even gave us a California roll and sliced oranges!! I was so in love. The sushi is spectacular! We got several rolls - veggie and fish, along with a gyoza appetizer and a (huge!!!) avocado salad. Everything was delicious and fresh. I couldn't have asked for anything more, it was absolutely superb. If I could change anything -- and this is purely a tiny detail -- I would just ask for less tobiko on my salad. It was a little much and other places don't usually add it to avocado salads, so I was a little surprised. But that's not anything that I would have known, and not something I would deduct a star for, because seriously everything else exceeded my expectations. I was so pleased to score a great meal at a well kept, clean, and cared for sushi restaurant. I will definitely keep coming back to get food for my friends when I visit again. A+!!!
Had a great lunch here. Very large portions and reasonably priced.   Sashimi was so fresh it melted in your mouth. Would come back again.
How is it we didn't find this place sooner, given it's practically in our backyard? Perhaps its obscurity in a sideways-to-the-street strip mall featuring a nail place, a pawn shop, and a "spa" open at suspiciously late hours had something to do with it. Or maybe that calling it a "hole in the wall" probably implies far more space than it actually has, making it impossible to take twitchy kids. No matter - having ditched the kids someplace last night (can't quite remember where, I am sure they will make it home eventually), we dropped in and had a great little homestyle meal. The sushi we had as an appetizer was surprisingly saucy (Hawaii roll and Spicy Girl) but pretty decent. Great miso, the usual disappointing green salad. Fabulous and unique udon and mountainous eggplant with chicken that was unusual for Japanese cuisine but still obviously of the genre. The proprietors seemed to know every customer other than ourselves, and it felt more like a little home-based sushi bar in a small rural prefecture than a Ginza - Schenectady strip mall. Very welcoming and warm service. As noted, it is TINY - six seat sushi bar and a half dozen two-seater tables crammed together that ca be combined for larger parties. They had a birthday party with a dozen people during our visit which took up most of the place. It's BYOB although I have a vague suspicion that if you're known to the management a sake bottle can be made to appear from some magic spot. Way up there on the hidden gems / Schenectady cool list. Looking forward to trying out more of the sushi, which is a difficult row to hoe in this region, but it's obvious you can't go wrong with the hot entrees.
Mizu can be hard to find, but worth the effort. It's a tiny place in a tiny strip mall across from Mohawk Commons. The sushi is top notch, the service is friendly, and the prices are reasonable. Food may take a while to come out when it's busy, but they give you a small complementary appetizer to munch on, and do a great job keeping water and tea refilled. The oranges they bring out with the bill are a nice touch. You can tell Mizu cares about their customers. That and the food keep bringing me back.
Others have mentioned this hidden gem and I must agree.  Tucked at the back of a small strip mall across from Mohawk Commons where Prima pizza is also located, Mizu has a wide menu of sushi and other Japanese cuisine.  Constant companion and I wanted to eat sushi but didn't want to travel too far to get it. It was a "let's sit on the deck because it''s a beautiful night" type of meal. We also had a hankering for sushi! We ordered the California Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll and Avocado Roll.  All were delicious.  The wasabi was very pungent and sinus-clearing!  Always a good sign! :)  The staff were friendly and welcoming. I say "yeah" for a nice new local fvorite!
One of the worse sushi places i've been to. I scouted this place out when it first opened. The price and portion is similar to any Japanese restaurant around here, but the presentation and flavor was just eh?!?!?
Very solid sushi at reasonable prices for the area. This place is very small; only about 4-5 tables plus a small sushi bar. A few bobbles were experienced with the service but nothing major. We would return again but there are many other options that are just as good and are located closer to us.
This small family-owned restaurant has the nicest staff you could ever ask for and they quickly remember their customers. We love their miso soup and avocado rolls and the lobster roll is the best I've ever had! If I could give them 4.5 stars I would. Atmosphere is what is lacking here as they usually have a TV turned on by the sushi bar, which is not my preference. Highly recommend food and service. Try take-out if ambiance is important to you.
Best place in Niskayuna for lunch!  Food is great, people are nice & prices are reasonable..  Today I got a Shrimp Tempura Lunch Box, what a wonderful mid day break! If you havent been here stop fuddling around, get out of your office, head on over to Mizu's and grab some lunch!
"Fresh and Delicious Japanese Food" On a cold snowing night, my family and I wandered away from our hotel in search of dinner. We asked some local people and found this restaurant. The restaurant itself is small and quite plain. We loved the warm special green tea (green tea with brown rise flavor) we received from our waitress in the beginning. We also heard from the waitress their special brown rise green tea not only teast delicious but also good for your stomach. It warm up our stomach and get ready for the big dinner, lol. We ordered: -BBQ KABA(a kind of grilled vegetable ): the waitress told us this dish was popular, we can see why. It was delicious! 10/10 -Sashimi Deluxe: the fish were very fresh, sweet and tasted. I m really enjoyed. 10/10 -Beef Curry (japanese style beef steak with spicy soy sauce): Very juicy and tender 9/10 -Chicken Teriyaki: 9/10 -Spicy Crunchy Salmon Roll: Delicious 10/10 -Nebeyaki Udon (Noodles, soup, chicken and egg in clean broth with shrimp tempura): 9/10 -Agedashi Dofu (deep fried tofu and clear mushroom sauce): The amount was not than I thought, but Very delicious! Be aware that it is a small appetizer dish. "Fresh and Delicious Japanese Food" On a cold snowing night, my family and I wandered away from our hotel in search of dinner. We asked some local people and found this restaurant. The restaurant itself is small and quite plain. We loved the warm special green tea (green tea with brown rise flavor) we received from our waitress in the beginning. We also heard from the waitress their special brown rise green tea not only teast delicious but also good for your stomach. It warm up our stomach and get ready for the big dinner, lol. We ordered: -BBQ KABA(a kind of grilled vegetable ): the waitress told us this dish was popular, we can see why. It was delicious! 10/10 -Sashimi Deluxe: the fish were very fresh, sweet and tasted. I m really enjoyed. 10/10 -Beef Curry (japanese style beef steak with spicy soy sauce): Very juicy and tender 9/10 -Chicken Teriyaki: 9/10 -Spicy Crunchy Salmon Roll: Delicious 10/10 -Nebeyaki Udon (Noodles, soup, chicken and egg in clean broth with shrimp tempura): 9/10 -Agedashi Dofu (deep fried tofu and clear mushroom sauce): The amount was not than I thought, but Very delicious! Be aware that it is a small appetizer dish.
One of the better Sushi places around, small and comfortable. Excellent food and good service
When one orders a sushi deluxe or regular dinner rather than a la carte, one takes a small risk. Will the chef get rid of old stuff? Will I get the cheap stuff? Not here. Look, you're not at the Tsukiji Fish market. It's Schenectady, and it's very good sushi with sizable portions at very fair prices. So they don't make the greatest seaweed salad I've ever had. I can live with that. I add a few hot pepper flakes or sriracha of my very own, and call it a very good meal. Oh, and the staff are incredibly nice.
