I must say, I love Geva each and every time I visit for a play. It's true, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. And the great seats in front can be affordable depending on the production. Shows begin promptly as indicated on the ticket so arrive early to settle in. I also recently learned that you can bring drinks purchased at concessions in to the theatre to enjoy while the play is going on. Although, there aren't any cup holders so be cautious. They have wine, beer, coffee, light snacks, and cocktails. They feature a few specials as well, themed with the play of the evening. Oh so creative. To avoid hassles, I recommend parking in the garage on the corner of S. Clinton and Woodbury. Last time I saw a show we didn't have to pay, but sometimes it ranges from $3-7 depending on the night. A Christmas Carol is a must see during the holidays. It reminds me of my childhood and field trips during school. I recently saw Last Gas -- wonderfully put together performance with relevant themes for our current culture. Freud's Last Session was thought provoking and the actors excelled at their performances as Freud and C.S. Lewis. But, my personal favorite remains Inherit The Wind, a play inspired by the Scopes' Trial.
Geva is Rochester's place for plays. Though not all their productions will speak to everyone there's always at least one production for everyone each season. They can be comedic, dramatic, cultural and thought provoking. I usually go at least once a year and sometimes more. They used to do A Christmas Carol each year, however, the have rotated their Christmas themed productions with A Christmas Story to keep things fresher. Geva's building is the oldest historic armory adapted for reuse in Rochester. The two stages can serve a wide range of audiences and both are comfortable.
I give Geva 5 stars because nothing I've seen there HASN'T taken my breath away. There's not a bad seat in the house. That's one of the best parts of Geva actually. It's sort of like being at the Niagara Center for a Sabres game (well in one minor respect!) where just about every seat affords you a great view regardless of the distance from the action. Truth be told, the Geva is one of the best regional theaters in the USA. In the acting world, scoring a gig at Geva is a sweet deal. It's very respected and draws in a lot of talent from aspiring young performers from NYC. You will no doubt be very impressed by any of the shows, even the Next Stage ones. And one of the coolest perks about Geva? Their bar and their snacks are AWESOME - drinks and baked goods and intermission treats far surpass most theaters to which I've ever been. Reserve your slice of cake in advance though, it gets crowded super quick! If you're looking to booze and schmooze with the cast afterwards, I'm sure they'd be up for it. What else do they have to do with their down time in Rochester with no cars? Be a friend!
Have you heard about the student rush?  If you're a poor student like me, you really should.  Show up 15 minutes before any show, plunk down eight duckets and you can see the same wonderful show that all those Rockefellers (and Eastmans) just paid full price to see.   I'm 1 for 2 when it comes to student rush.  The first time I went, my girlfriend and I were able to sit in the fourth row of Under the Lintel, a great one-man show.  But then, last night, we went to see Two Trains Running and there was only one seat left.  They wouldn't let us share it, but I'm not taking off for that, because student rush is the luck of the draw like that. Personally, with my crazy schedule, I like not having to buy in advance and, worst case scenario, they're sold out and we have to go to the Stock Exchange for a drink with Kate, since we're downtown anyway.
I complain about parking and sound sometimes but I still subscribe every year. Pumpboys and dinettes as the 2013-2014 opener...GREAT TIME! The cast was a hoot and their energy drew you in.
Geva is an unbeatable theater.  It's large enough to draw a big crowd and small enough that even balcony seats give you a good view of the stage.  They have a good range of performances and every Christmas they put on a production of The Christmas Carlos that's famous in Rochester, I would definitely recommend checking it out. You can also get food or drinks here and occasionally there are receptions before the performances, especially if you're with a group or organization. Geva also has the benefit of being close to a parking garage and a couple of parking lots.
Geva Theatre is a bright spot in the city of Rochester.  It's Main Stage and Second Stage performances have something for everyone.  The Theatre management attract quality performers to fill out its seasonal casts.   Geva recently underwent some renovations that have added to the enjoyment of this great theatre.  There is not a bad seat in the house.     Geva has an excellent community outreach, working with local schools and colleges on promoting community theater work shops and internships.  The annual Christmas Carol performance is a traditional favorite.  If you are looking for things to do while in the city of Rochester between September and June, put Geva at the top of your list.
Just went to see Next to Normal - the show was excellent and the theater was beautiful.  We were in the center balcony and had the best view in the house, though it seemed as if the place is small enough and the seats are at enough of an incline that it would be tough to find a seat without a good view.  Wonderful experience all around.
We attended many shows at Geva during our years in Rochester and most of them were terrific.  We also loved the café, which was spacious and attractive.  And, all of the staff who we came into contact with were quite pleasant.
