Our new favorite wing and hangout spot.  It's a bar we like to go to and not be oogled at but every tom dick and Harry for being there. A bar area for when you want to watch sports or have drinks with friends and also a room with tables and booths you can sit at to enjoy a quieter meal. For some reason their celery and blue cheese is even really good too.
The food is great, the beer selection is exceptional. Evey time I come here there is new beers on tap and most are locally brewed! But!!! The bar tender that is younger and pretty good looking is actually extremely rude and treats you like she hates her job and the fact that you walked in during her shift. She will roll her eyes at you if you try to be personable with her. A smile can go a mile and if I could get one from her that would change my rating from 3 to 5. This can't be said about all the bar tenders as I have had conversations with a few and they are friendly. This particular one will only talk to her select few friends that show up and treats the customer second hand. She needs to be removed from the environment to make this place a straight 5! Not to stoop to her level but F Her! Love the bar and food, not her miserable life attitude! I've said my peace.
5 stars for the best wings ever!  Being from the area originally, I never knew if I left i would never eat chicken wings like this again. I am coming back this summer so I am going to stop in here for sure.  I took my husband here and he still talks about these chicken wings 2yrs later.  It aint nothing but a chicken wing thing....lol
One star is appropriate for their amazing wings but I gave two in the hopes more people would read this review.  If you ever want buffalo wings, get take-out from here.  I will certainly do so next time I'm around.  Some of the best outside Buffalo. I went to college in Utica and used to frequent this place, but unfortunately it's lost what charm it had.  First of all, if you've spent countless hours and thousands of dollars here over the years, don't expect to ever get a free drink.  Not even a cheap draft.  Also, unless you're one of the old people sitting near the back door who's friends with the employees, don't expect any reasonable level of attention. On that topic of trying to give this business money, don't ever attempt to play some decent music on the jukebox.  They keep the place in full-on library mode and hate any notion of making it like.. you know.. a bar in there.  Or if you do attempt to liven the place up, they'll turn the volume up way too loudly in a passive aggressive way then another employee will turn it down so low you can't hear it. Take-out wings only.
The Killabrew is one of the go to bar for New Hartford Alums. The beer is standardly priced for upstate, and I think the only thing I've eaten here has been the wings, which were good enough. The bar has all the usual amenities - a pool table, darts, and a juke box, as well as a small porch out back for smokers, that if you're lucky they'll allow you to take your drinks out onto. The Killabrew does the job at providing the sole form of entertainment for the Utica, NY area - Drinking. Like Props Inn, this place tends to be crawling with college age New Hartford grads, during any college break. So unless you like that crowd I'd recommend steering clear during any major holiday, or really any time college kids have three or more consecutive nights off.
Ok, let me preface this by saying I am from Mass. and as such-I don't know good wings from great wings-that said-I think the wings here are GREAT!!! The beer and food is reasonably priced, and it's a pretty chill spot.  If this place was in the Boston area, I would be there all the time for their wings. I come back at least once a year-and I am about to go back.  Everything Wings Double order PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
Great wings and good beer; this place is fun and very casual.
If I'm in the mood to spend the evening with a third of my graduating class, then Killabrew it is.  To be honest, I usually visit this place once or twice when I'm back in CNY, mostly because I come back every 3 years or so at best.  The place is your generic small town pub with a juke box and pool tables, but they have some good drink specials and some great chicken wings.
Great Place service, beer and food.
Why does this local restaurant have so few reviews?  It makes the best chicken wings!  Every time we visit our friend in Upstate, she always ordered wings from this place for us, and everyone was drooling and eating non-stop.  Aww... I'm craving it again already!  No pictures to show, because the wings were just too good and no one wanted to stop eating for pictures.
These wings are what Cavallos was known for. Trouble is quality control is vital. Killabrew's has kept theirs...Cavallos has slipped mightily. This is the defacto wing joint in Utica now. Utica Club on tap as well. It's a pub (without the "Plastic Paddy" leprauchauns, shamrocks etc...) that is no nonsense and is really a great place to chat.
Great wings. Large hot and plentiful. It's cheap and has plenty of bar space. Food is typical bar fare, average to below average across the board. Not the prettiest spot, but definitely has a good size crowd and is a great place to enjoy drinks.
I had the worst service , the worst fish. It was dry smelly. I didn't finish. When the meal was over they brought a basket of rolls. On a scale of one to five. Five being the best   I would rate them -1. And the health department should check their kitchen.
If you like wings, beer on tap and a laid back upstate NY neighborhood bar, this is a great place.  The "everything wings" are so far beyond great there my not be a word for them.  Add that to Labatts on tap and it's a winner all the way around.  Note:  if you are looking for great table service, a big menu, and a nice quiet evening, go somewhere else.
