Tucked in on Genesee St in Utica is this great restaurant. The decor and staff were great. The menu is small but they hit on every option, so you should find something you like. There are numerous meat choices and also non-meat. I had the filet and a side of late summer ratatouille. Both excellent. They have freshly baked, local bread and butter. Good wine selection. If we lived closer, this would probably be our go-to spot. If you are in the area, you should try it!
My husband and I went to the Tailor and the Cook to celebrate our anniversary last weekend.    We'd heard good things from some friends so thought we would give them a try. We started with a charcuterie platter that was advertised to serve 2 but could easy have served 4 for an appetizer.   Very nice selection of meats from local purveyors although I was surprised to see some notable local names were not represented. From there, I had the duck breast and my husband had the Osso Bucco special.     Both were very good although I was not a big fan of the wild rice that came with the duck, would have paired better with something like the polenta side that we tried that was fantastic! We did not have dessert but the menu looked pretty good. Although it was a nice night we sat inside as the patio looks out onto Genesee St.    They have it nicely surrounded by plants and such but it was not very inviting.    Inside was arranged like a NYC restaurant with tables along both walls but spread farther apart than you would find in NYC. I'd heard that it took months to get a reservation here but I was able to book for 5:45pm just a couple days prior and could have done 7pm if we had wanted.    The odd thing about booking was that I used Open Table and almost immediately got a call from the restaurant to confirm.    I called back and got a voicemail system that suggested at least 3 times that I book online rather than calling before finally getting to the number prompts.    I selected the choice for future reservations and ended up in voicemail!       If you are going to tell me 3 times to book online, don't make me call almost immediately to confirm!
#outstanding The flavor combinations were creative, expertly prepared, and unique. Exquisite would be an apt word. From tasty pre-meal "Muses" offered to us by the head chef, to outstanding [by memory] service of the staff, the attention to detail is second to none. Staff was well versed in all the nuances of gluten free and soy free needs for my wife. She's highly allergic; she had no reactions, and was able to pick from a wide assortment of entrées. Reserve well in advance. Best restaurant we've been to in upstate New York.
I stopped in Utica for the night on my way to the coast.  I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised that this quality of restaurant is in Utica!  I had such a wonderful meal.  They really do localvore cuisine correctly.  I had an appetizer of Shishito peppers that was truly unique.  My entree of chicken was very well done.  The staff were all extremely polite, friendly, and helpful  I couldn't recommend this restaurant any more highly.
Hands down the best place in Utica...CNY for that matter.  As a culinary explorer of great foods in the Midwest, California and East Coast - this is one of my favorite spots.  Been here  several times and always impressed with staff knowledge and passion of the menu and wine list. Food is always consistent and the seasonal menus give you another reason to crave more! Chefs are creative with food that is simply amazing! Ten stars!
Very good food but charging as much as they do for "local grown" product is pretty crazy. Being a hunter if I could charge 20+ for venison steaks I might as well open a restaurant myself. As I stated the food is good but prefer the willows restaurant. The ambience is nice but atmosphere is very loud at the same time, can be hard to hear your guest speak. Restaurant feels as though it's just bragging rights for the wealthy with $150 bottles of wine.
I must say, I was very excited to visit this restaurant and very impressed after our meal.  It is, in my opinion, about time Utica had fine dining experience that a) wasn't Italian food and b) was on par in menu/ingredients/cooking methods and decor with some of the more major metropolitan areas in the Northeast.  I sincerely hope that the locals continue to give this establishment their business. We dined here over the Thanksgiving holiday while visiting my family.  The service was spot on and the food was impeccable.  My father and I both had a braised veal short rib that was a special for the evening - it was cooked perfectly and was fall apart tender.  My step-mother and husband Pan Roasted Flat Iron Steak and it was delicious.  We also shared the Beat Salad (amazing) and a local cheese plate.  The cheeses were phenomenal and they had paired them on the plate with some local apples, a piece of a local honeycomb and other complimentary items.  It was well worth sampling. I hope the next time I am in town I am able to dine here again.  It was very busy when we went, so unless business has died down, I'd advise a reservations, especially on a weekend.
I had dinner here a couple of weeks ago and had an overall enjoyable experience.   We had heard that it sometimes takes weeks to get a reservation but were fortunate to call ahead just shortly before coming and they had a table for us. The service was great and the food was excellent. My only complaint is that we both had ordered the filet medium rare and one came out perfectly cooked while the other was medium.  It was still very tasty but you expect more consistency out of a restaurant of this caliber. After we were done we moved over to the bar for a couple of after dinner drinks and very much enjoyed chatting with the bar tender who was personable and passionate about his infused vodkas. Highly recommended.
Was spending a night on our way home to Pittsburgh from Bar Harbor. The reviews on Yelp were so enticing that I made a reservation online the first night in Bar Harbor so we wouldn't miss out. First off, the staff here were amazing. We especially liked our waitress,  Lindsay. She was very personable and her recommendations were spot on. The food was everything we'd expected and then some. Fine dining in a casual atmosphere. I would love to go here again, but, it's home to Pittsburgh first thing in the AM.
We were traveling upstate about a month ago and were looking for a nice dinner for our stop in Utica. Naturally, we did a yelp search and it took all of 2 seconds to see that this was the place to go in town. We arrived about 15 minutes early on a Friday night and all the table were full (always a good sign). We grabbed a drink at the bar and the bartender was extremely friendly and recommended a few specialty cocktails. I had their take on a Black Russian which was out of this world. We were seated before we finished our drinks. Server was super friendly and recommended some of her favorites. There is not much more that I can say other than this was one of the best meals I have had in a very long time. Living in NYC we have access to the best restaurants and flavors in the country, and The Tailor and the Cook rivals any NYC restaurant. All local, all fresh and all delicious. What more can you ask for? I wish it was down the block!
Food is always excellent and very inventive. What really puts this restaurant over the top is the service and the ambience. What diners from Utica get is a chance to feel like they're no longer in Utica; this place feels like it belongs in Boston or San Francisco. The waitstaff puts 110% into the small details of service. Hors d' oeuvres are inventive, the meat is good as it gets, desserts excellent and the wine selection is excellent (and the bartender's no greenhorn either).
Tim knows his food! Make sure to visit this Resturant if your looking for fresh unique food. He is always changing the menu to keep it interesting.
My husband and I dined at The Tailor and the Cook for the first time and I have mixed feelings. I am happy to report that the cocktails were delicious! He ordered a Sazerac (they don't stock Absinthe so it was prepared with Pernod) and I had a Gibson Martini. We ordered foraged mushrooms as an appetizer that were very tasty. For our entrees, I ordered the seafood bouillabaisse and he ordered the beet risotto. My husband is vegan so his options were limited while I, as a pescatarian, was able to order off the menu a little more easily. As a beet lover I was quite excited to try the risotto. To my disappointment it was served in a lackluster brown sauce that left much to be desired. My bouillabaisse was fantastic...well, almost. The stew was served with a lobster claw, scallop, shrimp and salmon. All cooked to perfection until the salmon. It was very undercooked, as in raw. Don't get me wrong I love sushi-grade salmon, just not in a hot stew. The server was very nice and offered to have it re-cooked however it was such a small piece that it hardly seemed worth it. Also, it just didn't sound as appealing the second time around. She also offered a complimentary dessert which was a very nice gesture. We had had our fill and politely declined. All in all, I appreciate that Utica has a restaurant of this caliber in the area. However I plan to wait until the menu changes to return. On second thought, I may return sooner to sit at the bar and try another delicious cocktail! 5 stars to the drinks, 3 stars to the food.
Unreal spot to eat some really good food! The actual restaurant itself is super cozy and has a really cool atmosphere to it. The food is classy and you pay for what you eat! Great bar with great wine. Definitely a place to check out if you like finer dining! The only downside is that they're not open everyday!!!
What can we say ?  We stopped in Utica for a partial pleasure and partial business trip and stayed at the historic Hotel Utica which was really cool.  We stayed on the 7th floor and room 707 was the "Mickey Mantle" room!   When we walked into the Cook and Tailor we were struck by how cool the decor was, very warm and charming.  Old sewing machines were a great touch. The service was wonderful.  From seating to bill, top notch :) The food was amazing, we had scallops and lamb that both blew our minds.  If i had an alternative stomach i would have tried another entree... The best part you might ask ?  The fresh baked bread was so good that it made me emotional to finish it.   This place gets a full five stars for every reason possible !   But, I am stealing one star back because you are NOT in New York City where i can come every day ;(
Went here for our anniversary dinner, and absolutely loved it.  Great atmosphere, fresh and great ingredients, and very well done.  Highly recommended!
My hands down favorite restaurant in Utica. It makes life bearable here in this food desert. The quality of the ingredients (locally sourced where possible), their knowledge about food and flavors combinations is refreshing and the owners are awesome and great to talk to. Every dish we've had here has been delicious. The salmon is a favorite prepared in various treatments depending on the season. My GF's father who writes for Edible Magazine (Boston) and runs the oldest still-operating family farm (read: selective and knows his stuff) loved his meal (veal). Their bread is from a baker in Old Forge and it's a treat! They made us a sampler for dessert that was fantastic. I am happy to spend my money here because I know every dollar is worth it and it is well spent not only on creating a flavorful and enjoyable dish but also on the local economy. Hands down, AWESOME.
I returned to the restaurant on Saturday night and once again it was great.  The duck salad was especially good as an appetizer and the pork rib, a special that night, was equally delicious.  I like the opportunity to try 3 ounce glasses of wine and the wide choice of craft beers. This is certainly the best restaurant for miles around.
If you find yourself in Utica, make reservations at The Tailor and the Cook. Food, service, and ambiance were fantastic. You won't regret it.
What a gem in an otherwise forsaken place!! OK, that's a bit harsh as I really don't know Utica all that well, but my gamble of walking a few blocks paid off big time with the discovery of this joint. It was a brief stop in Utica, and while a cold sandwich platter was being provided for my group, a friend and I chose to take our chances on the street. Good thing we did. This place would be right at home in Chicago (my favorite eating city). It is farm-to-table, everything is fresh and creative, and the atmosphere and decor is simple, warm, and keeps your focus on the food. We had to pass on drinks as we had to work that night, but even the water was deliciously crisp and refreshing. We both ordered the half roasted chicken, which came with salad as an appy. It was a mixed green salad with locally grown tomatoes -- and they were generous with the amount of tomatoes.  I hate when places are stingey with tomatoes in their salads. The dressing was a lovely homemade vinaigrette, but I forget what it's main flavoring was. Did I mention the butter with the table bread?  Maple and sea salt butter. Wow. Pass the big spoon because I would eat just the butter alone. The roast chicken was perfectly cooked -- crisped skin bursting with rosemary and a succulent, juicy inside. Fresh carmelized carrots accompanied, but I honestly can't remember the starch.  I waited too long to write this review, so sorry. I'm looking forward to my next trip on I-90 so I have an excuse to pop in here again. The drive is a bit far from Buffalo, but it would be worth scheduling a stop in Utica and getting a hotel for the evening on a long drive.
I was in town for the Boilermaker and staying at the Hotel Utica.  We were starving and wanted something beside some lame chain out in New Hartford.  They were able to squeezed us in with last minute reservations and served one of the best meals we've had in a very long time. We started it off with some really nice trout cakes.   My Manhattan was well made and strong and good sized.  Second was the salad.  We LOVED that it was included with the meal, something you never see at a fancy place.  It was my favorite thing from the night.   It was a great green salad with bean sprouts, currants and a slice of heirloom tomato.  It was dressed really well too. I had the lamb and my wife had the salmon.  My lamb was really good with nice flavor and the curried potatoes were a nice addition as was the lentils.  My wife said the salmon was the best she's had.  I tried it and I didn't care for it but that's on me.  I'm not a fan of the flavor profile of the dish in general.  It was strong with the sesame oil, not my favorite.   Desert was a nice mouse tart that wasn't overly sweet and came with a nice brittle. In the end, it was well priced and we really appreciated their efforts to locally source.  .  I wish there was something like this in Buffalo.
So glad we came here!  The scallops are outstanding and the little spinach salad under them with artichoke hearts was equally as good.  We had the blue crab crepe and the duck.  The crab was excellent and the duck may have been the best thing I have ever tasted!  You cannot go wrong with anything you order here.  The service was very good and I love that after each course they refresh your silverware with new clean utensils.  Though that was a very nice touch.  It's a little loud due to the smaller size but I had no problems hearing any conversations being had between my girlfriend and I.  This place is top notch.  A hidden gem that would knock the socks off any big time restaurant in any major city!
I was happy to see the other reviews were not just hype. We stopped in Utica as part of a July 4th weekend roadtrip upstate. I booked on opentable based on the Yelp reviews. We started with the sweet pea risotto and a special of a Greek cheese (forgot the name) which was grilled and served with bread. Both delicious. I had the blue crab crepe as my main, and my friend had the pork schnitzel. Again, two fantastic dishes. There was also a free salad course (local greens of course with crunchy sunflower seeds and pea shoots I think?). I tried not to finish it to save some room I had no room left for dessert. My friend had ice cream (apricot maybe?). We got two free truffles as well. (Somehow I found room for that.) We got a bottle of rose for I think $26! Guess we are not in NYC anymore! Our server was an owner and the chef's wife so needless to say she was knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. We told her the next stop on our roadtrip so she gave us recommendations for that town! Anyway, it's hard to believe this place exists in Utica (no offense to Utica) but it does.  Highly recommended. I hope my review is not filtered. I don't review that much on Yelp, but this restaurant was just so great it definitely merits a review. I'd go back to Utica just to eat there.
I am on my way home from the Tailor and the Cook now and to put it simply, it was AMAZING!   The service was phenomenal and the food was delicious.  The fact that almost everything is local and/or organic is an added bonus.  The prices are a little high for Utica, but very well worth it as the food is of a much higher quality than anything else I have eaten here, and I grew up in this area.  I would describe my dinner but as the menu changes regularly to accommodate the seasons it probably won't be the same soon.   I will definitely be returning here soon!
We ordered top to bottom...bottle of wine, appetizer, entree, dessert and dessert wine. The wine we started with was the Bodega Melbec.  It was fairly priced and appropriate.   We started with the pan seared scallops which were delicious. The Meadowood Lorenzo plate was good, although very very mild, almost tasteless.   The filet Mignon was done perfectly well.  We both asked for medium rare and were delighted with it.  The potatoes were superior and the accompanying vegetables were equally great.  They happily substituted potatoes with extra vegetables for my husband. The cognac and green peppercorn cream was perfect! Dessert choices were the cheesecake and an item that was much like flan, but I cannot remember its name.  It was made without eggs and was incredibly good.  I could have eaten two.   The dessert wine was the Bunratty Meade and it topped our evening off perfectly.  It was very very smooth and its color was a beautiful amber. Our server was Sarah and there is nothing she can improve.  She understood we were out for a nice evening and didn't rush a single thing. The only downside to the night was that it was a tad loud, but it is a very small restaurant so that was predictable. It was a great evening and we will go back with friends.
I've lived in Utica mostly all of my life and have failed to have as impressive and consistent dining experience as I've had at The Tailor and the Cook. I've been there three times and each time I'm blown away. Most "fine" dining in Utica is little more than lipstick on a pig (but there are several exceptions). Utica typically does portion and price right, but often times skimps on the quality and/or variety. That's where The Taylor and the Cook comes in. It's pricey compared to the rest of the pasta, pizza, and burger slinging joints in Utica, but the food and service is WELL worth it. If you prefer cheap eats, or are a diner that will balk at $25 for an entree, then try this place out on a special occasion; a small, personal birthday or anniversary (or better yet, if you have a corporate card, treat a vendor); you won't be disappointed. If you enjoy extremely high quality, varied foods, and don't mind paying for it, then definitely give this place a go at your earliest convenience (and theirs, more on that later). Speaking of the food, the owners are community oriented and buy local where possible, and as far as I know, serve only Utica Coffee Company coffee products. They also use the freshest ingredients to create the most unique plates. The food is confusing it's so good. I can typically pick out flavors in foods fairly easily, but the chefs here manage to balance all the flavors so well that they meld to create something entirely different. Sure I can pick up hints of garlic or rosemary, but past really pungent spices, my palate is left clueless, but satisfied. Their menu is seasonal, so if an item sounds different, but good, don't wait, just take the plunge. I HIGHLY doubt you'll be disappointed. Also, when asked the for the doneness of the plate, if you're comfortable, just let the chef decide. I have each time and have not for a second regretted the decision. All that said, be forewarned that the community has descended upon this place (thankfully) and it's hard to get a table. If you are a walk in, you'll probably be turned away (or will get REALLY drunk at their bar waiting). Use opentable.com or call weeks ahead to ensure your spot at this fantastic, fresh, local restaurant.
Outstanding Gem of Utica!
A delicious experience from start to finish. Delicious entree with such fresh ingredients, quick attentive service. The somewhat higher price for Utica is definitely worth it. The only thing I was slightly disappointed in was that the additional dish we ordered (we tried the pierogi) was insubstantial for the price. But everything else was simply sublime.
Great atmosphere, amazing wait staff and fantastic food. The filet is unbelievable.  I don't eat steak and usually cover everything in BBQ sauce.  When the filet showed up I ate the whole thing plain.  It was just that good.  Make reservations a week in advance or even more because tables go quick.
Outstanding. Local produce. Creative menu. Delicious food. Lovely ambience.
Great food, great atmosphere, and just an overall great experience! The Tailor and the Cook is like no other restaurant in the greater Utica area. They absolutely go above and beyond with their service, dedication, and passion for high quality, delicious, locally grown food. Melissa is an excellent host, and is always a pleasure to be greeted by at the door. Tim Hardiman and the other chefs are masters at their craft, and true culinary talents to say the least. Sara is always an outstanding server who definitely knows her food and lets her passion shine through at every moment. Their farm-to-table philosophy is right in-line with our values for choosing quality, nutrient-dense, whole-foods that are creatively prepared, all while supporting our local economy. If you haven't tried The Tailor and the Cook, you're missing out on a very special and unique dining experience in the Utica area. I highly recommend you visit them soon!
WOW- so glad I scored a reservation here...Inside it is cool with reclaimed items making it chic and funky...We am older so ordering from the menu was a chore as it really really was hard to see it in dim light and really light blue small font.... AND it was so hot in there...but they are trying to be responsible for sure with the A/C... Got warm tap water with dinner..and I know that it is better for your digestion but with the heat.... had to ask three times for ice. Wait staff overly attentive -except for the ice and overly knowledgable- when you get your waitress they talk about the food for 5 minutes-after awhile it was like TMI!!!! WOW- and it irritates me when they stoop down on their toes eye level with your table to talk to you.....so you have to talk down to the waitress....way too informal... BUT now that i got all the things that were a slight bother lets talk about the food. We started with a GREAT bottle of wine.... SNOQUALMIE- a fab merlot from WA.Quite nicely priced too! Our table ate local salads ( that came with the meal- along with great bread and I think homemade butter with honey- MMMMMM) with scrumptious dressing of champagne vinegar and tarragon- For entrees we had the shrimp stuffed pepper and a coffee chipolte filet mignon. I cannot tell you how fabulous and perfect the whole meal was- and the wine... Licked the  plates. Best FRESH gourmet meal I have had in AGES.... Best restaurant in Utica....and NOT stuffy or overpriced... I LOVED it.... Everything fresh and local..it makes a big difference.
I just drove 4 hours from Boston and ate one of the best meals that i have eaten in a long time!  The only thing that is upsetting is i am driving back to Boston tomorrow and may not be able to eat here again!
Can be hard to get a reservation, but well worth the trouble. All the food is made with local ingredients which is nice because it supports local farmers and growers.  Nice service and friendly owners. The wine was good, the food was great. If you eat at the bar you can get in right away most nights, unless they are especially busy.  Definitely would suggest making a reservation, but you may get lucky!
This place is as good as it gets. All I can say is 5 stars.
This place is amazing and right on par with top New York City restaurants. Every detail is well accounted for here. The lighting is beautiful, the decor is sophisticated, the wait staff are very well trained and above all the food is spot on. I had the lamb loin that was cooked to perfection and delicious. My friend had the fried chicken that was crunchy on the outside and moist and tender inside. For appetizers, I had pan seared scallops and my friend had the pumpkin soup. Both were spectacular. I loved that the soup was served in a small pumpkin with a lid. For dessert, we shared the chocolate tarte that was not too sweet, creamy smooth inside with a nice crumbly crust. I highly recommend this place to anyone that lives in the area or happens to be passing through town. Something tells me this little strip of real estate on the edge of town is about to become very popular.
I had no idea there was a gem like this in Utica! I'm from neighboring Syracuse and my partner and I went to Utica for an evening Nutcracker performance and decided to grab dinner beforehand. We had no regrets! I am vegetarian and I got, from their seasonal menu, a vegetable crepe. It was delicious! Every time something came to the table, the server would tell us which farm that it came from. Everything was delicious down to the dessert. They even had local wines from Seneca Lake.
Actual visit 10/24/12 - I liked this place alot.  If you are not from the area and familiar with the weird side street this restaurant is on you may be tempted to ignore your GPS instructions like I did.  If you are already on Genesee Street why would you listen to the GPS that says to turn off Genesee?  The machine will be right, so just go with it.  Now to the food - Very good bread with the best maple butter with sea salt.  I would have loved that butter on french toast the next day or a bagel.  Salad was good.  The veggie crepe was tasty.  The jasmine rice pudding was good but I didn't feel that it was worth $8. The service was great.  I will definitely visit again if I'm ever in Utica again.  It was my best meal all week.
This is our third time having dinner here since it opened and it does grow on you. The menu changes every season to the coffee encrusted filet mignon we had in the summer was not available anymore. The pan seared scallop appetizer was cooked to perfection. My husband ordered the filet mignon au poivre that came with a Yukon gold and white truffle mashed potato that was heavenly. I had the special for the night. It was Atlantic char served with black rice and Swiss chard. Very good, but being Asian, I did not like the undercooked rice- too al dente for me, but the fish was cooked to perfection. The waitress apologized for the wrong timing of our dinner (long time between apps and main course) and gave us complementary desserts! I picked a chocolate mousse tart. Loved the mousse, did not like the crust too much and could not see why there was a need for a peanut brittle on top ( I will let the chef know via facebook). My husband enjoyed his tarte tatin with local vanilla ice cream but he thinks it could use some cinnamon and a little salt. Have I turned him into a connoisseur or what? Any complaints? I agree it is a little too dark. Had to use my flashlight app to see the menu. And it could use some noise dampening- the brick walls bounce all the noise and clatter back at you. But all in all, it is fast becoming one of our favorites in Utica.
Fantastic! Really fresh and carefully created with every attention to detail you can imagine!  I loved it. You will too.
Amazing - From the superb appetizers (we had the mussels and scallops; the trout cakes were apparently finished by another reviewer before we could snatch them up) to the local greens salad to the entrees (best ever pork tenderloin and nicely prepared salmon). Great decor and atmosphere, very fine wait staff and service. This place would stand with the best in any US city. Now we can't wait to go back to Utica
Went last Thursday night with a friend, we didn't have a reservation but were able to wiggle in just at 5.30 pm.  While I was waiting for the table I had a yum cocktail called 'Needle and Thread' - Tennessee whiskey, muddle basil, sugar and grapefruit juice on the rocks.  VERY refreshing. I came on opening night just for a drink and noticed they were having trouble then with ventilation - the whole place was acrid with cooking smells.  This time they seemed to be overcompensating - I had a table back by the kitchen and there was a strong fan blowing on us.  The waitress turned it down but it came back on - when we complained again the hostess turned it down but it came back on.  [sigh] Anyway, aside from the wind we had a terrific dinner.  NICE WINE LIST Our server Sara was very knowledgeable about the provenance of the food, and everything we tasted had the lip smacking flavor and color that only comes from local food. The decor is very comforting, although I found the lighting to be a tad low - even with reading glasses my 50 year old eyes had a chore reading the fine print on the menu. TRY sweet pea risotto cakes & BBQ spare ribs, they are both fab.  I could have eaten a whole plate just of the collard greens & black eyed peas on the rib plate.  For our mains we had a rib eye special that was plenty big enough to cart some home for a sandwich the next day, and was served with a very savory (nearly over salted) red wine and charred tomato reduction.  Cookies for dessert were cute and tasty but somewhat dry, and very oddly served with a side dollop of butter.  I would understand a little spoonful of creamy frosting, but the greasy salty butter was just weird.  I like my butter hidden right in the cookie, thanks, makes them  moister! The early crowd was very sedate and friendly, however just as we were leaving a big table of overstuffed car salesman and their trophy wives were seated just next to us - I was so happy when we got our check.  I imagine the place becomes pretty scenic when those high rollers start on the Grey Goose. Overall recommendation is come early and come hungry.  This is high-end comfort cooking at its best.
I have been here three times now, twice for special occasions and once for a wine pairing dinner. Each dining experience has been outstanding. This is definitely some of the best food you can get in the Utica/Syracuse area. I've ordered the specials when possible and I think those dishes are better than the set menu (although it's all very good). The decor is very nice with a lot of small touches (the bathrooms have some very interesting pieces). It can be a little dark and noisy with tables close together, but I didn't find it problematic with just the two of us at a table. I've only gone on weekends and the restaurant is fully booked, but I think drop-ins are easier to accommodate on the weekdays.
Excellent service and food. Make sure you have a reservation and show up on time, though. Can also get a little loud.
Tight tables, great food!
What can I say that hasn't already been said? This is a true dining experience. It doesn't get much better than this; I don't care where you are! Service is impeccable. Your napkin is neatly folded for you every time you leave the table. Clean silverware is delivered after every course! Courses arrive when YOU are ready for them, not the other way around! Whatever you order is going to blow your tastebuds away! Chicken is buttery and crispy. Fish is cooked to perfection. Flavors are balanced and often surprising. If that isn't enough, the Chef regularly sends out tapas to try... white gaspacho shots, cucumber slices with creme fraiche... etc. If you come to Utica for nothing else. Come to EAT!
One of if not the best restaurant in Utica. Not many places with modern American food in this area. Very nice decor and atmosphere to go along with great food. It's not cheap but compared to some fine dining the prices aren't bad for what you're getting.
This restaurant has awesome food. Great Service. Joe at the bar was great to me. He served me two fine craft beers and a nice glass of Cabernet. Good conversation in a nice mellow location. The strip steak was cooked a perfect medium and was very tender with fingerling fries, and very good sauteed greens. Overall, a very positive place with nice fresh ingredients. Go - you won't be disappointed.
Exceptional. All 3 of my visits yielded perfectly prepared and presented meals. The food, made from fresh local ingredients, is as good as it gets. Excellent service by enthusiastic and knowledgeable staff. If you love food you won't be disappointed.
Had an awesome meal there. It's an interesting space, with very fresh food, an original (and always changing) menu and polite, attentive staff.
Was there a second time a few months ago and was very impressed with the food, but it is still a little over the top into itself - each entree requiring a long complicated description, and the prices still on the high side. But very good all around, and I will definitely go back again (when I can remember well in advance to make a reservation).
This place is amazing! Thank you for your commitment to local food and wine. I have been to The Tailor and The Cook many times now and have always had a fabulous, creative meal. I've tried lamb dishes, pork tenderloin, scallops and all have been excellent. Even their simple, pre-entree salads are amazing. They are a testament to how good food can be if you use simple, locally grown ingredients and have great chefs to prepare them. My only complaint is the wine list. It has some good, affordable whites from the fingerlakes but the rest of the wine list is overpriced and not very palatable. They have great food knowledge, but their knowledge of red wines and how to pair them with existing menu options, needs a lot of work. It really doesn't take that much to find affordable, palatable reds that go well with food.  I encourage you to scrap the head-banging Cali wines in favor of Oregon and Washington State reds. Still I gave them 5 stars because of the food, the decor and the service. I just take my own wine there and pay the moderate ($10) corking fee.
