I have traveled around the world and I never thought I would find the best falafel and hummus in Utica.  Great Spot!
I still need to actually eat inside, but my girlfriend gets pita and hummus from here all the time And it is delicious.  Their hummus is very smooth and tastes much different than what you'd get at a grocery store. The pita is fantastic - very soft and can be eaten plain.   I'll be reporting back once I actually have a meal here.
Gyro platter with feta awesome... its all good  there hummus,baba,grape leaves are my favorite.. one of my favs ...and I've had a lot of this working down in NJ
Super impressed with my first visit to this place.  Best value for lunch I've had in a long time.  The sausage stick was delicious, the Gyro was tasty, and the tea was unique.
Unbelievable Mediterranean food. Had the falafel a few times, as well as the fattoush and Greek salad. All are excellent. The hummus and the pita are phenomenal as well. Probably one of the best kept secrets in the area.
This place is amazing.  Everything is wonderful here.
yum yum yum - I always order the Freeman salad - it is amazing.  the tea is amazing. the hummus is thick and not too garlicky.  the bread is out of this world.
It's a bit hard to find, (hence why I rated it 4 stars instead of 5,) but totally worth it!  Seriously, if I had to pick something to have as a last meal, Karam's falafel wraps would probably be right up there!  Everything here is fresh, delicious, and authentic, (try the spinach pies and tabouli!) the staff is friendly, and you'll be very hard-pressed to walk away from here w/a meal you didn't like!  There's a wee eat-in cafe here, but the emphasis is definitely on take-out; either way, the food here is rockingly good!
Karam's is the best middle eastern restaurant in Central New York and not just because of the food.  A sense of spirit, community, and love emanate from this restaurant in a big, big way.  The service is fast, the food is delicious, and it's a gathering place hub for Central New York.   When I was living in Central New York, my family would try to eat there once a week, usually on the weekends.  One of my favorite occasions was when Mr. Karam played a drum concert.  At one point he had the entire restaurant singing and clapping.   Karam's Bakery has the unknown spiritual factor so many restaurants want but could never have.
I come here every time I go home (Clinton). Really fantastic Lebanese food; stock up on the breads and pies. Make sure to also try the baklava - it's some of the best I've ever had.
SO GOOD.  SO CHEAP.  I really like the mujaddara, the kibbe, and the spinach pies.  The sesame nougat candy (halawa, maybe?) and a cup of coffee is the best way to end a meal.  I always try to go here when I visit home and there isn't a single dish I've tried and haven't liked.  It can be crowded, but it's definitely worth squishing in to the tiny two person tables.  Even the pita is great!
Mmmmm! Excellent food, freshly made hummus, baklava and entrees. Family owned and always great service. A little busy around lunch time, but go before or after the rush hour and you won't have to hunt for a table.
Karams is delicious and cheap too. Hummus, Lebanese salad with chicken and feta, tabouli, falafel, chicken gyro, and anything else on the menu is great!!
Karam's is a delicious Middle Eastern restaurant and bakery.  The people who run the restaurant are very kind and friendly and the atmosphere is interesting. It is very homey and there always seems to be an interesting conversation going on at one of the tables.   It seems that the place is always crowded, the portions are very tasty and generous, and healthy.  All the food is made fresh on the premises daily, including the pita bread.  It is very close to the Phoenician.  Don't miss this wonderful, family owned buisness,  You will be so glad you stopped and ate here.
Came here because my family loves Syrian food. They make it just like my grandma made it. I love it here because even at busy times we get served promptly and the quality of the food is the same. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to try middle eastern food.
Really good. Lebanese food. Place gets very busy. Owner sits around with friends while the women work. Small place which gets crowded. Food is very good. Staff is almost always great. Eat-in and take out. Good breads (flat bread, pita); good sticks (pastries stuffed with sausage, lentils or lemon/spinach). Very good baba gannoush, hummus, tabouli, meatless stuffed grape leaves. Yum, yum! Most definitely worth a visit.
I love Karams! One of the best places to get authentic Middle Eastern food. The service is always fast and friendly and the food is delicious. The falafel, pitas and hummus are always my top choices when stopping by.
