Really cute ice cream place with a huge number of great flavors. The Blueberry Cheesecake was amazing! Their prices are good, service was quick, and the flavor selection was great. I loved the hot fudge on my sundae.
as good as it gets......for their sundaes!! The Banana Fluffernutter Sundae was TO DIE FOR!  my aunt and uncle had the turtle sundae and the moosetracks sundae.  All three of us were SO stuffed afterwards!  Totally worth the money, and expect to have one of these sundaes for a meal.   (remember to skip the artifically flavored stuff you can mix into the frozen custard and you'll be fine!)
I went here last week with my mother and neighbor for a late lunch. We considered eating outside but wanted more of a meal, so we went inside. The place looked great and very clean, the menu was easy to read and straight forward. Between us we ordered: fried scallops, chicken tenders, and a fish sandwich. We were excited because the food sounded so good!     However, once we started eating, that's when things went bad. As we ate we had to constantly swat flies from our food and I counted 25 flies on the windows!! And that's just what I could count and this was inside as we ate! It was disgusting that so many flies were around, I've never had that happen to me before. All of the food was so frozen tasting, it all tasted like a dirt cheap frozen TV dinner. I ate the scallops and was sooo sick when I got home. I couldn't even move the rest of the day and felt sick to my stomach. I have eaten my fair share of McDonalds and Burgerking, and Nicky Doodles' stuff tasted worst and cost more!     I understand it is a new restaurant, but there is no reason why there were so many flies inside. It suggests to me the place is obviously not very clean. Also, I will never go back inside to get food because our food was of such low quality and made me feel absolutely sick. I'm sure they have great ice cream though, so I say if you go STAY OUTSIDE!
If you like picnic food and delicious heaping helpings of ice cream, then this is the place for you! Nicky Doodles is super clean and the food is tasty. As for decor, I love the strawberry wallpaper (so fun) and the bowling alley sized restrooms! They have a decent selection of food and even have their version of a garbage plate! If you looking for healthy options, they have that too. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with grilled veggies on the side and all was right with the world. Sometimes, when you order the side of grilled veggies, they come mushy and with no taste, however, this was not the case here.   Full of flavor and not overcooked.  I ended my lunch with a small sized ice cream, but was so surprised with how large the portion was. It was a perfect way to end a great meal. I will definitely be returning to Nicky Doodles.... and you should too!
Love this place. Been driving by this place for days and wanting to stop in. Tasty food (not healthy :) and awesome milk shakes!! I'll be a regular when I'm in Utica!
Review is for walk up custard window only. Make sure to get jimmies on that cone!
Tasty ice cream, huge selection, good service, large outdoor seating area. Also, the ice cream is REALLY cheap!
Good food every time. The combo meals are a good deal, sandwich, fries, and drink from $6 to $10. The steak sandwich is great, add a little of the Carolina sauce and your good to go. If your feeling really hungry try the Doodle Dumpster (a garbage plate) for 10 bucks. Ice cream and custard is good, huge selection of flavors and sundaes. Definitely worth stopping if your passing the Utica thruway exit or are in the area.
