My girlfriend and I are in central NY for a wedding and we wanted a nice meal while we were here. We arrived at Delmonico's and were greeted with a smile. We were seated in a big comfortable booth and Emily promptly greeted us and made sure we were  comfortable. We were. The food and ambiance was all amazing. I had the 24 oz ribeye that was cooked perfectly and my girlfriend had the veal marsala. Our server Emily really made the night special. She was very attentive and was never too intrusive yet always was there right when we needed anything. Her suggestions were all right on point and help make our experience amazing. We told her that she nailed the service to which she thanked us and said that she loves her job. It shows. Hats off to the entire operation.  Such a great experience. Highly recommended.
Excellent Restaurant from all points of view. Restaurant is as authentic Italian steakhouse as it gets with a clean look both inside and out.  From the moment that we arrived we were impressed by this place. On one window it says Big City Dining and how true it is. It reminds me to restaurants in Brookline, NY. Inside was really nice and fun but the weather is beautiful so we decided to sit outside. Their patio looks so nice clean and surrounded with flowers. Food was perfect and steaks was awesome! I highly recommend this restaurant.
Eat here often when Im in Utica NY. Our family of 12-18 makes this our Sunday dinner spot. Authentic Italian is never a disappointment.   Servers are accommodating as always.
I had never been to a delmonico steak house before.  I had their delmonico house steak and was delicious! So much flavor!  The staff was extremely friendly.  So worth the price.
Food and service was excellent.  Was traveling home from a business trip and stop here based on yelp reviews.  Was not disappointed!  Quick friendly services food was delicious.
Fast seating. Good service. Quick food deliver. Friendly waitstaff. Great selection of authentic Italian food, drinks, and wine. I ordered and shared appetizers and had no complaints. Utica greens were excellent as was the shrimp cocktail. Italian antipasto salad was stacked high with meat. The place was packed on a Tuesday night, but service ran smoothly. I would return again, but would probably make a reservation if it's a weekend.
It always amazes me, the number of people that are brainwashed into believing Delmonico's Steakhouse is" #1...A great steakhouse #2...A great value for your money Neither can be so far from the truth. After patronizing Delmonico's in Utica, NY on August, 29th, because of a gift certificate given to us, we came away dumb founded at what people really see in Delmonico's. Many years ago, it was much better from the quality of their food, the choices, and, particularly, the value. Obviously, advertising can fool the brain into thinking incorrectly. On our visit here is what we are so puzzled over. 1...Almost all choices on the menu include the cheapest ingredients such as pasta,     mashed potatoes, or garlic. 2...Hard to believe that I paid $22.50 for some Angel Hair pasta that costs about 15-     cents, 4 little pieces of broccoli that cost about 30-cents, and 3 shrimp. 3...Most good restaurants serve soup or salad and pasta or vegetable as a side with     your dinner. Not Delmonico's. They gouge you with every else A-La-Carte. You     want 30-cents of lettuce, that will be another $2.99 on top of the $22.50 dinner     described above. Want a vegetable with your dinner, that will be another $2.99.     So, for almost $29.00, I can always get a dinner, that could be a Blue Plate     Special elsewhere for $7.00. We are just disappointed that they load you up with their dinner choices to include, as I said, pasta, mashed potatoes and garlic. All the items that cost basically nothing. Anyway, you might be saying...don't eat there. You're right. We won't anymore. But it is worth advising people who haven't been there before, to be aware of this, even,  if others feel it's not a big deal. Must say that the atmosphere and service are top notch.  Our feelings are just for the value of what you receive.
OPEN LATE IF YOU ARE DINING ON THE ROAD.  Great waitress.  Hands down.  It was a late night and she was kind and cheerful.  Food is passable.  Don't order seafood anything or you will be sad. Are sure to order your steak more rare than you think as mine was overcooked.  Sauces were nice.  I took a star for food quality and for the totally obnoxious and loud Frank Sinatra music that was blaring.  But as a bonus they are OPEN LATE.
Great service and food per usual. The deserts are very excellent as well. I have been coming here for years and never disappoints.
Whoa, I loved this place. Yeah, sure, the gangster Italian vibe is pretty lame but I go for the food, not the decorations. It was pretty pricey but well worth the cost. I ordered the Utica Greens as an appetizer and it was pretty great. Of course, I've not tried it before so I have nothing to compare it to but still, I liked it. The Metropolitan cocktail just about knocked me off my feet and it was pretty tasty to boot. I'm not a huge alcohol connoisseur so don't make a decision based on that. Next was the Steak Marsala tournedos which must be a fancy term for steak tips or steak bites? Perfectly cooked to my Medium Well request (hey, its MY steak, leave me alone about the well done!). The side of angel hair pasta was fine but did not induce a food-gasm. Neither did the additional side of garlic mashed potatoes that I just had to order and try but everything was tasty. What DID induce a food-gasm was the Amaretto Cheesecake. Holy shit, it was delish. And HUGE! I'm here for two weeks and I'll be going again...even if I have to be rolled out the door this time!
My family and I were in the area for a Motocross National. We were looking for a nice place for dinner. Some place different. We decided to try Delmonico's.  We were rewarded with excellent food and service. I highly recommend Delmonico's. Superb!
You'll love the food here in THE BEST, busiest, loudest, most crowded restaurant in Utica! Bring your rosary beads and pray to the Christ you don't get seated at one of the tables placed like a lone island in an ocean of foot traffic and children. If you do you'll enjoy a never ending wave of crotch and ass as they brush up against your table, knock into your elbows, and step on your coat. Is it your birthday? No? Well now it is! 400 people in the restaurant and 397 birthdays. A statistical improbability that seems to occur on every single visit. Do you enjoy having you dinner interrupted every three and a half minutes by the birthday song, the "building might be on fire" stench of burning sparklers, and the best god damn cannolis in Utica? Me too! The food is a 10 and so are the waitresses. You'll want to box both up to bring home and enjoy later. Welcome to Delmonicos!
As an Italian-American, I'm not a fan of guido/gangster stereotypes being overused/abused. Shows like the Jersey Shore and Mob Wives have the whole country believing that our nationality is one big joke.  Unfortunately, this place tries to capitalize on the popularity of Italian culture and it fails miserably. Well actually they don't fail from a sales standpoint, because it was packed when I came to dinner on a Saturday night.  So I guess customers enjoy the hostesses wearing gaudy gangster uniforms (costumes) with fedora hats and all, or the generic Italian CD playing all of our cheesiest songs on repeat, or the "Sinatra Booth" (it actually says that in neon lights above it) which is set up like a mobster table from a movie.  If you want to see gangsters (real gangsters) eat dinner, I'll take you to a couple spots in Queens or Brooklyn.  Trust me, it's not that exciting.   As I expected after witnessing all this gimmicky bullshit, the food was sub-par. The tomato sauce on the pasta was bland, I had better fried calamari at Symeon's the night before (which is a Greek restaurant, not even Italian) and most disappointing was their "trademark" 24 ounce Delmonico's Ribeye steak, which was overcooked, overly fatty even for a Ribeye, and one of the least flavorful steaks I've ever had (I didn't think it was possible for a Ribeye to be bland).  Dessert was equally  lackluster which included a Canoli shell that didn't taste like a canoli shell, filled with canoli cream that didnt taste like canoli cream, and about a million chocolate chips in it to distract you from the fact that it sucked. The only thing we ordered that I enjoyed was the Bella Napoli appetizer, which was in fact tasty. I don't live in upstate NY, I was just visiting, so the odds of me returning to Delmonico's were slim to none either way.  All I know is that this place does not compare to any of the places I frequent in my neck of the woods.  Fugettaboutit.
Ok, it pains me to have to write this BUT it must be said.   Tonight I ordered the chicken Marsala.   A-W-F-U-L.   They really need to change their name and completely eliminate the middle word:  Italian.  This ain't no Italian food!  The Marsala I had tonight was an abomination.  The cutlets were too fat, the "sauce" was nonexistent, and it was utterly tasteless.  Such a simple dish - butter, garlic, oil, Marsala wine, etc.  Tonight's entree was about as far from actual chicken Marsala as a person can get.  Maybe even one step below a Lean Cuisine.  Shame on you!  This is the fourth non-steak entree I've had at Delmonico's and it will absolutely be the last.
Echoing many others, the waitstaff was fantastic, portions huge and prices really can't be beat.  Food was delish.   Low points: bread should have been served hot and bruschetta, although a good flavor was too much like pizza. High points: the Delmonico steak was cooked to perfection, fetuccino alfredo was mmmm yum, and they fresh brew their own ice tea.  Also, we were aearching for a place of merit to have a good meal at 10:30 pm...they serve until 11:30!  Really unheard of for this area.  Not sure which vintner their house cab was, but it was a nice table style red.   Steven was our server, he was great. Will definitely be back and recommend to others.
Great dinner.  The location is just across from my hotel and they had a special coupon so I headed over there for dinner.  I had the Utica Greens since that is the specialty of the area.  I think that will replace green bean casserole at thanksgiving! For dinner I had the filet portobello.  It was hard to get a good picture since the lighting was low, but it tasted very good. The desserts are huge.  I would suggest just getting 1 to share. But most important: my water glass never went empty.
Worth coming to. The food tastes great and the staff are good. They know how to cook a good steak. Their Italian food rocks.
I'm happy to say that my reservations about Delmonico's in Utica were unwarranted, and I'm glad I gave them a shot.  Why did I have reservations you may ask?  I had dined a few times at the Delmonico's in Syracuse and although everyone seems to rave about it, I had never been blown away.   Fast forward a year or two and I decided to try my luck at the Utica location as a stopover on my to Albany.  Here is quick hits version of my meal: Appetizer:  pre-dinner bread was ok.  Bruschetta was excellent - generous portions and the tomatoes were tasty Entree: filet Sinatra (filet medallions served over Utica greens and garlic mashed) was extremely good.  Again a generous portion. Dessert:  amaretto cheesecake - very good.  Big slice easily enough for sharing with 2 or 3. Service was fantastic and I enjoyed the quirky outfits the waitresses wear.  I'm glad I gave Delmonico's a shot again - now it's time for the Syracuse location to step up its game.
Everyone in my party was absolutely stunned by the quality and service of this place. Despite the restaurant being extremely busy, we were greeted by great staff. Make sure to make a reservation, this place is packed. I, along with another member of my party, ordered the Delmonico steak. We were all very skeptical of a $23 rib eye that is 24 ounces but everyone was amazed. The meat was great. It was aged perfectly and probably the best steak I've had for the price. Highly recommend you get the garlic mashed potatoes with the steak. The veal and the fillet were also excellent. The only part of our dinner that we were not amazed with were the desserts. Don't get me wrong, our cappuccino pie and tiramisu were very good. They were just nothing special like our main entrees. Our service was phenomenal. Our waiter, Alex, did a great job. The manager visited our table twice and was extremely courteous. I ordered my steak medium rare and it turned out very rare. My issue was fixed immediately and the steak was cooked to perfection. I had a great time and will surely go back. All 4 people in my party were pleased with everything they had.
I was in Utica for business for two weeks in April of 2014. I heard about this venue from my hotel (Holiday Inn Express right behind it) front desk clerk who highly recommended it plus said they give their guests free dessert coupons upon request. So, me and my co-workers went that first night and the place lived up to the billing. The service was wonderful and the food was great. The place had a cool vibe going  (you just got to visit to see what I am saying). I had the chicken marsala as my entree with an ample glass of Yuengling Lager on tap. The chicken was perfectly cooked and although the Marsala sause looked darker than I prefer, it had the perfect taste and balance of authentic italian marsala that I love. The prices were reasonable for the quality of service and food. We got there at around 6pm on a Monday night with a party of 4 and we had zero wait time. The "free" dessert coupon we got from the hotel was true as billed and we could select from the entire dessert menu. I choose the Cappuccino pie and it was wonderful and by itself could have feed my entire party. Update: I have sinced returned to this venue 3 more times and every time it has been a great experience. You can tell they have quality management there as they seem to hire bartenders and waitstaff that are attractive, attentive and seem to like working there.
The steaks were perfection, the service fast yet at your pace, the cost reasonable, and the pick up and return service so you were treated like royalty were so wonderful that this is a memory forever.
My friend and I stopped here during a long drive and at the end, we were happy about stumbling upon Delmonico's.  The restaurant decor is kind of cheesy - the video screens of nature screens and fish were odd - but the food we got was well-prepared and absolutely huge.   The waitstaff wear short skirts and funky stockings and a lot of makeup, but they were excellent servers - attentive, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.   Half portions are available for many dishes, although it's not mentioned on the menu.  Consider it if you can't take it home - the portions are some of the biggest I've ever seen. I had the salmon caesar salad and the salmon was prepared perfectly.  Grilled with the right amount of seasoning for me and really juicy - not overdone at all.  The salad was a tiny bit on the salty side, but I like caesar salad like that - I think the dressing was made with anchovies (like it's supposed to) which I like, too. I would definitely considering coming again if I pass through the area.  The chicken and eggplant parm looks awesome.
Without question, one of the best places to eat in Central New York. The quality of their steaks isn't what you would find in a high-class steak house in New York City, but when you realize you're getting a very quality 24 oz. delmonico cut for under $20, that fact simply fades away. Their steaks are flavorful and always cooked just how you want them. But this restaurant's namesake is just one part of an amazing equation. I could walk down the menu and have something great to say about everything they serve. Their pasta is incredible - I've never had a better plate of linguini with white clam sauce. A dozen steamed clams around the outside is a nice touch, too. And the amount of the food they give you? Unless you're starved, prepare for some awesome leftovers the next day. The decor is one of a kind. Caricatures of famous Italian figures line the walls; The Sopranos, Goodfellas, The Godfather, Frank Sinatra, the list goes on. Oh, and the music is heavily rooted with plenty of Frank songs. The wait staff are dressed as gangsters, and the service has always been quick, friendly and accurate. If I have to give this place one ding, it's the birthday celebrations. I consider this a classy restaurant. Just because prices aren't astronomical and the dress is casual doesn't mean you can't put together a classy joint, because it is. However, ownership is adamant about having the most obnoxious, loud and annoying birthday chants from their wait staff. I'm talking lit sparklers, hooting, hollering, yelling, all culminating in an embarassing clap-fest that has me looking for the circus wheel and hot dog stand by the end of it. It's a shame. Thankfully, save the pseudo-party, the other parts of the restaurant that make it an "it" place - the food, service, decor and ambiance - still make this a 5-star destination. If you're in the Utica area, I guarantee you won't go wrong here.
Wow, their food was heavy here.  If you enjoy "upstate NY style" Italian fare, then you'll probably love Delmonico's.  As a caveat, I prefer Mediterranean-style Italian cuisine (lighter fare).  The entrees are moderately priced, from $10-20.  I tried their bruschetta--it was pretty good and had a solid garlic flavor.  The calamari is heavy and a bit on the greasy side.  The chicken marsala was even heavier.  :-( On the plus side, this place has a very cute atmosphere.  The walls are decked out with photos and caricatures of famous Italian Americans.  When I walked in, Sinatra was playing.  It was cozy--like stepping into someone's living room.
I've had dinner here several times while in Utica for work. I usually order one of the steaks. Good value for the money, and I've never had an issue with anything here. Wine is reasonably priced. Pretty wide menu variety in general. If they built an Outback next door, I'd still go to Delmonico's. It does get pretty busy, but I usually have no problem finding a seat at the bar for dinner. If you are staying at the nearby Holiday Inn Express, it's just a short walk across the parking lot to get to Delmonico's. Which also makes it a good place to drown your sorrows at the bar after a rough day on the job.
High quality. Low Prices. Is there better? Absolutely. But having an appetizer, salad, dinner, wine and desert for two, all for less than 100$, how often does that happen? Oh, and the quality just so happens to be outstanding. I live in Maryland, but I have an uncle near Syracuse and I have been here twice in the past year. I eat at fancy places all the time in the DC Metro, and I think that this Italian restaurant would beat most of the Italian places in DC, which charge wayy wayy more. A jewel in the midst of Adirondack country. lol Try the Raspberry Amaretto Cheesecake. Just do it. :-)
Was traveling NYC to Clifton Park, to Rochester. Didn't have time to stop for lunch all day. So wound up here for dinner. Got lucky and stumbled in here. Packed on a Tuesday night. It's not  world class steak house or restaurant but dam good and CHEAP! Two of us had dinner salads, and shared the Delmonico(1 1/2lbs), and got a side of the hot peppers, onions and mushrooms. Good staff. Came with pasta too.(decent red sauce or gravy if your that way). Interior a little weird but it reminds you that your in the middle of NYS. Busy bar, TV going, cheesy Italian music playing, electric paintings(Changes every few minutes) cartoons on the walls, and of course the lottery screens all over the place. If your in this area this is a great choice. Didn't have drinks just soda, (Driving) and the bill without tip was $36, and we were stuffed. I'll be back.
My dad loves this place.  Whenever he is in Utica to visit family, he specifically stays at the Best Western because it is right next door.  I was not as much of a fan--the food was average at best, and I felt that the reasonable prices on the steak meant that the quality of the cuts was not up to my exacting standards.   I did, however, think that the waitstaff was excellent.  We were there with a whole bunch of rowdy kids, and our waitresses all did their best to contain the mayhem.  It only worked for so long, but it was the thought that counts.
Straightforward menu, full-flavored food, Comfortable building. Small drinks. Waitstaff could have been more attentive
My favorite restaurant in Utica. Beautiful atmosphere and AMAZING food. Chicken prosciutto, Filet Gorgonzola Alfredo, and Frutti De Mare are my favorites!
The service was very good the waitress did a very good job. The food was ok and with good portions.  I would go back but I'm going to try try something else next I'm in town. The seafood was bland and the shrimp cold. I didn't have much to choose for a Monday night and it was close to my hotel. Next time I'll take a ride to find something else.
Great throwback of a place! I had heard about Delmonico's but didn't get the chance to visit during my last drive through Utica. I suggested to my husband that we stop here, so we called ahead and asked if they could seat us outside with our dog. They have a no dog policy, but made the exception for us, which was truly nice of them. We sat outside, surrounded by flowering plants. The Brooklyn-style Italian music and Sinatra tunes made me feel like I was back in Hoboken or at one of my cousin's weddings. Service was excellent. We had our drinks right away, and the waitress was very accommodating. My husband ordered the Utica greens as an appetizer, and loved them. He asked for extra sauteed garlic in them, and boy, did he get it. He was in heaven.  For dinner he had the salmon in a tomato basil sauce, and I had the Delmonico steak. I was slightly disappointed that it was done more than I like (I asked for medium rare and it was much more medium well) but it was such a juicy, delicious piece of meat that I enjoyed it anyway. I had garlic mashed potatoes on the side and they were great. I did sneak some of the steak under the table to Mac, who was happy to be the recipient. It was such a large cut of meat that I could barely eat half myself. I wound up taking it back to the hotel. I was unable to even consider dessert, but my husband had fresh berries with zabaglione. I had a taste and it was delightful. We both ended the evening with cappuccinos. If you're staying in Utica for whatever reason (for us it was to break up the monotony of the drive up to my daughter's camp), I recommend trying Delmonico's.
Awesome!  Food, waitstaff, atmosphere are all outstanding.   Delmonico steak - 1.5 lbs of meat!   Lasagna - had to be 2 lbs of food, but I still had (had to make room for) desert. Pork chops - billed as 8 ounces, these things where 10+ ounces each. Wine list was thorough and had varieties and a range of prices. I'l never visit Utica again without going to Delmonicos!
Good food. Good menu. Kind of like a cheesy "Italian steakhouse". Lots of caricatures of famous Italians on the wall. Rat Pack on the radio. Smokin hot waitresses. Manager dressed in black with a huge black ear piece. Hilarious. Trying really hard to set a particular tone. Very clean. Use the men's room for a funny prank (not the one in your hand). Did I mention the wicked hot waitresses?
Yous said it right Yelp- Meh.  This place cannot make up for it's sub-par food with all the kitsch.  Avoid the Delmanico's steak and stick to the Italian fare.  I like the Utica greens but not the best I've had.
I wanted to like this place especially considering it's right next to my hotel, but, for a steakhouse, they don't temp their steaks very well.  Meh is about right.  Better dining spots in Utica.
this is the place to be in Utica I think, because at 8:30pm on a tuesday it was PACKED. the food is OK, coming from the NYC area I am spoiled. it is cheap, around 15 bucks for any dinner. Very cute waitresses! all the girls working there were nice to look at, and the bar tenders were attentive and quick. good place to go if you are in the utica area.
Started with a fresh brewed iced tea and a plate of Roma tomatoes & fresh mozzarella, it went well with the bread and garlic butter :).  I could have stopped there... For dinner I had the sliced sirloin which was ok, a little tough but the cabernet sauce was tasty.  My side was a huge sweet potato...which I devoured...one of the best I've ever had!
Love the chicken parmesan, hard to find better versions of it.
I have been here a dozen times, and I've had enough bad experiences that I avoid going back. Tries to be something that it's not, fails and became tacky.
Excellent food, people and service. What a great surprise to find this gem in Utica. Great style and service. All the staff was top notch as was the clientèle. I would go back here every time I was in the area.
Not bad, large portions, a little too much salt... Nice atmosphere.  We'd go back next time we're in Utica...
OK, i never thought I'd have to write a bad review for Delmonico's but here it is. Went there after a 200 mile motorcycle ride. Since it was the 4th of July at 5pm they had a lot of seating so we got right in. The salads and bread were very good but when our steaks came out 2 of the 3 of us were very disappointed. I had the 9oz fillet cooked medium which came out more like medium-well. I could call it the 9oz piece of shoe leather. I have never had a steak so tough in my life!! You should be able to cut a fillet with a fork, i could barely cut it with a knife. It was more like ripping it!!! I think it will be quite a while before i go back and i think I'll stick with pasta!!
Still so so good. It looks like a large chain, but it isn't.  After reviewing our evening with our group, we came to this conclusion, over priced, The Raviolis were over cooked lasagna noodles with watered down cream cheese in side. The appetizers were good. service was good. we are not rushing back.
Amazing, loved the place, the people and the food. Old school Italian.  The hostesses wore Al Capone hats. The servers were super friendly. The food was excellent and very reasonable.  Great pasta, with a variety of sauces.  Excellent salads.  Amazing steaks.  Lobster was huge and incredible. Lots of cute guys on staff. Utica is a small town but has many hot beefy Italians.
Loved it. Fine steakhouse. Friendly service. Lots of other Italian style dishes to choose from. Lots of pasta a d chicken dishes.
Pure kitsch but decent food. The portions are enormous, but quality varies widely. The steak was well prepared but the pork came out almost raw (and then inedible after going back on the grill). The fried mushrooms were surprisingly good but the salad was a chunk of lettuce with bottled dressing and a couple olives (for a $5 charge to boot). The waitresses all wear black cabaret stockings so of that's your thing you won't be disappointed.
Great.  Another place thats packed with locals on a weekday.  The big delmonico steak is only $20, but is literally NYC steakhouse quality.  The sides were legit, too.  I don't usually do the onions and peppers, but I did here.  Good, too.  If I find myself in Utica again, I'll probably be here.
This restaurant is kind of an institution locally. A fun place with goofy Frank Sinatra pictures and music. Great for a large party. The bar help was efficient, but not overally friendly. The Delmonico steak at $21 was marbled as promised, but didn't blow me away. I liked the big tall cold beer.
I am shocked by some of poor reviews of this place!  My younger brother used to go to Utica College so I've been here twice with my husband and family and I can honestly say it is one of my favorite restaurants.  My brother and husband ordered pasta dishes with steak, which was cooked perfectly and were good cuts.  The ravioli is absolutely amazing - they are huge and the cheese filling is light and fluffy.  And the best part - you can order the ravioli with half marinara and half vodka sauce!  The amaretto cheesecake is possibly the best dessert I've ever eaten.  Service both times was friendly and attentive.  This is definitely the best part about Utica!
Wow. I was amazed at the quality and portion size of the food here. I came here for a dinner organized by one of my friends who was getting married. He wanted to introduce Utica Italian food to us Californians and he couldn't have left a better impression by taking us here. When you first walk in it has a chain restaurant type atmosphere with cartoon type drawings of famous Italians. Kind of charming but didn't feel authentic. My mind was blown away when the food starting coming however. We didn't order anything specific as my friend decided to order a bunch of different things for our table to share family style. There were too many dishes to remember or list but the sausage, ravioli and Utica Greens (sauteed escarole in butter, garlic, parmesan and prosciutto) were standouts. I never remember being so full in my life after this meal and there was still tons of leftovers. We also had a bottle of their house Chianti which was actually an entire liter of wine. It was also very good for a house selection. Impressed indeed. We didn't have desert but did hit up the bar area after wards where they pour some pretty good drinks (not stiff but good) and have some interesting specialty cocktails as well. Would make it a must return if I ever came back to Utica for sure.
Decent. Food is good. Normal sit-down restaurant with a bar. Some waitresses dress in fishnet stockings (?).  Used to get their chicken riggies, and they were good. A friend always got a steak with bleu cheese on it; he loved it.  Has nice outdoor seating for the summer. On the expensive side; kind of a treat:  not a place to go every week.
Before you read on, the two stars are strictly for the lemon drop martini that I had at Delmonico's which was outstanding. I had just driven from Chicago to Utica (12 hour drive), for family weekend at Hamilton College. I checked in at the hotel, and asked the desk clerk to recommend a good restaurant that was still open. He said Delmonico's, which was just down the street. He said it was the best steakhouse in town. Being the steak lover that I am, I took his suggestion, and went for it. The restaurant was crowded, very lively. Rather than wait for a table, I sat in the bar area. I must say, no disrespect to the fine people of Utica and the surrounding areas, but if this is the best steakhouse in town, I feel so sorry for you. Being from Chicago, which is, in my opinion, the steak capital of the U.S., this was a big disappointment, but I do take into consideration the small town atmosphere, which does not have a huge variety of restaurants. They have nothing else to compare it to unless they drive four hours to NYC for steak. The steak had no flavor, was a bit dry, and overpriced. The service was slow, the potatoes bland and honestly the entire plate looked very unappealing. Maybe it was because I was tired from the drive, but my plate looked like a big globby mess! I do not like this place, and will never go back. However, I LOVE Utica, New Hartford, and Clinton....they are all great towns. If you are in the area and looking for a good restaurant and not fast food, seek out the small mom and pop establishments. I've been back enough times now to know that those are the one's that have the best food and the best service. One of my favorite places, which I recently learned has closed down, was India Cafe, in Clinton. Now I will have to find another favorite when I head back up that way. Delmonico's is trying to be something that it really isn't and that is unfortunate. The name is deceiving because you are expecting something that you will not get. They should change it to Delmonico's Bar and Grill. The expectation would not be as high.
Fantastic food, great ambiance.
I've been here twice and have never eaten more than half my meal... but only because the portion are HUGE!  They have appetizers that are on par with their competition.  The steaks are cooked to perfection.  I got the seafood pasta.  It was tasty, but the clams were cooked to be too tough.   The quality of food isn't 5 star to me like some other places in the area, but it is close and the prices are cheap.  A nice happy hour for well drinks.  The waitresses are super cute too.  The atmosphere of the place is great... nice Italian charactures on the wall.
Decent food and service.
Great food and excellent service. Tiramisu was delightful. Easy short walk from the Best Western. Would eat here often if I lived in the area.
I was in town for a family event and traveling by myself, I stayed at the nearby Red Roof Inn and decided to try Delmonico's based on the Yelp reviews.  Usually a woman in her mid 50's by herself gets an eye roll and table by the kitchen.  The staff here was just wonderful; gave me a great table and treated me like they were glad I was there.  This was before the Friday evening rush.  Tiffany was outstanding, she made great recommendations, was very personable and just a pleasure to have as a server.  The food is excellent, the atmosphere very upscale, prices are reasonable.  It can be a bit noisy but people are there to have a nice evening and enjoy the food and service.  On this trip I actually ate at Delmonico's two nights, it was so nice.  Both nights I received great service.  I can recommend the filet, the Italian wedding soup (this is a must have) and the antipasti salad.  Everything on its way to other tables looked great too.  This is definitely a place I'd return to on my next visit to Utica.
