Really enjoyed my first visit to Bennu.  It's not in the nicest plaza but once you are inside you forget about all of that.  It is small but neatly laid out with a small to go area as well as a bar with stools and high top tables.   We ate at the bar as it was fairly busy in the main dining area.  Our bartender/server was very friendly but it was quickly apparent that they needed more help to handle a bustling Saturday lunch crowd.  After getting our drinks (they have an excellent beer selection), we ordered the chicken wing dip appetizer, a bennu burger, and a chicken caprisi panini.  The food was fabulous.  It was nice seeing a chicken wing dip on a menu - a first for me.  Everything seemed fresh and the homemade chips were excellent.   I'd love to come back to sample more of the menu/craft beer as I was torn between a few choices.  If they can get more help for their bartender/server then it would get 5 stars.
Food 5 stars. Service 0 stars. The food is very good and always tastes fresh. The problem is the setup and service. It is confusing and often times leads you to not get food or someone else's food.
I've been here a few times now. I REALLY want to like it because it's locally owned and their menu looks appealing and unique, however I leave here each time fairly disappointed. The food is well prepared and presented, but everything is just so BLAND. Even something as simple as their slider appetizers have little to no taste. Their staff is usually friendly, but service is soooo slow! This place would get a five star review of they just made a few improvements. Especially if it wasn't tucked away in a strip mall...
The food at Bennu is incredible, and if this review were based solely on the taste and quality of the food, it would be 5 stars. However, Bennu has the worst service I think I've ever experienced. Every time I have ever placed an order to pick up, I am put on hold for at least 10-15 minutes. There was a time I was put on hold for over 20 minutes so the person I was ordering with tried calling from a different line to see if it was busy, and they picked up and took his order. Turns out they forgot they even put me on hold. In addition to the terrible phone service, the restaurant service is not good either. In the back dining room in the bar area there is a sign that says "Please wait to be seated". Each time I have went there, I have had to wait at least 20 minutes for a hostess to even come over and talk to us- even if there were empty tables. Once you finally get seated, service is also very slow. It's too bad that the service here is so terrible with no sign of improvement, because the food is really great. Unfortunately, even though I love the food, the thought of their awful service keeps me from ordering or going there sometimes. I hope management makes a change soon because bad service will ultimately result in a loss of business.
Nice clean place great food friendly service
The food is a 10/10. Unique, flavorful, well made sandwiches, burritos, salads, and more. Definitely check this place out just do not sit in the back for table service unless you've got hours and are in no rush. Actually, even if that's the case, don't do it. It's a flawed system and you won't get service, as many other reviewers have corroborated . The bartender also happens to be the only server. You'll be seated and then you'll see your server once every 25 minutes or so, if your lucky. Instead just order at the front counter and eat in the front dining room. They'll promptly bring your order out and you won't hate this place. Other than the black hole of shitty service this place is without question one of my favorite places to eat.
I live local so I have tried this place, before. I have to say, that I have been disappointed not sure what people love about this place, The reason for my disappointed was for food quality only. You can be the judge , I am only telling you what my experience was.
Soups, salads, and sandwiches are all great. The red pepper gouda bisque is unbelievable. You can get something different every time and its always good. They also have a full bar in the back which is nice.
So this is one of my favorite place to go back home.  The food is always great.  However I went with me sister yesterday and it was just a horrible experience.   It made me very sad and disappointed to the point that I'm not sure if I will return.   When we first got there we went to the back where we waited to be seated 10 to 15 min. Finally a friendly customer sat us and told the staff they did so.  30 min later the waitress final brings our menus.  15 more minutes later we got our drink and our order taken.  This slow long service went on our whole time there.  The long blonde haired waitress was to busy chatting up this older gentlemen to go check on her other tables.  Never once did we get asked if our meal was ok and not even a refill on our drinks.  I'm not writing this so people will not go there like I said it's one of my favs.  I'm kinda hoping someone from this great local business will see this and fix the problem because they have a wonderful place.
This cafe has homemade salsa and corn chips as well as homemade potato chips and many great paninis and ciabatta style sandwiches. They also have sweet potatoe fries and adult beverages :) this is a must place for lunch or after work! LOVE IT!
Diverse menu full of great stuff. A gem for the area.
When this place first opened everything was excellent. I think they've gone downhill a bit, except for the chicken soup, it still rocks!
Very nice place to go for lunch. The menu may remind you a little of Panera. But this is a lot nicer. If you're looking for a place to sit and talk and enjoy a great sandwich, this is definitely a place to try!
Excellent drinks and drink specials. Awesome place for a nice happy hour. Some food is stellar, some is so-so. Ambience is on the darker side, with a "city" vibe. Will definitely visit again.
Great food, atmosphere and employees! Buffalo chicken dip is amazing!
Love everything I have ordered here. Ahi Tuna Salad is fabulous, nutty mixed up salad, spinach and artichoke dip, sweet potato fries and any sandwich we have tried has been great. They have a full service section in the back but the poor bartenders have to manage all the tables themselves so be patient with the service.
I love this place. Every time I go here, I get something new. I loveeee the soups, the salads, and the sandwiches. I enjoy the caprese panini the most, with a close second with the hot tamale sandwich. I  I love this place because it is like Panera, but owned locally. Support your local restaurants!
Let me start by saying that I do love this place.   The sandwiches, burritos, burgers, and appetizers (especially garlic fries!) are all great.  The decor and vibe is very different from anything else in the Utica area.   And the prices are reasonable.  If you are looking for a place to get lunch, you should definitely try Bennu.  We actually just moved right down the street from Bennu and were really excited to start taking advantage of the bar in the back of the restaurant.  This is the only area of the restaurant where there is table service.  There are great Happy Hour drink specials ($2 mix drinks and $3 drafts, $1 off all bottles!).  We have gone and tried the bar for dinner probably 5 times.   Unfortunately, every time we go we are very disappointed with the service and I don't necessarily blame the servers for this.  Each time we have gone, whether it is a Tuesday, Thursday, or Friday evening, there is only one person working the entire bar area.  This includes a 9 seat bar and 5 or 6 tables.  This is just too much for one bartender to cover.  It's not like we went one night when they were unusually busy, every single time it is too much for the one person.  The first time we went, we ended up getting a free round of drinks because we had to wait so long to place our order.  After that, we have always sat at the bar, just to make it harder for the bartender to forget about us.  The slow service is something we had to just take into account and were willing to overlook because we do love the food and drink specials so much. The last time we went was kind of the last straw for me.  We sat at the bar and the server said she would be with us in a moment.  That's fine, we know what to expect at this point.  However, after about 15 minutes of waiting, without even getting menus or drinks, we saw our server bringing drinks to a table that had come in after us.  I know when servers are busy and overwhelmed it's easy to make mistakes because you are trying to do so much, but still.   I really hope the management starts either putting two servers in the bar area or giving the bartender a bar-back or food runner to help out.  We'd love to be able to come here for a quick dinner regularly, but with the unreliable, slow service, we probably will think twice.
I will start by saying that I love the food every time I go here. I have eaten here for years. That will not be the case going forward. The service is about the worst I have experienced anywhere and shows no sign of getting better. Yesterday I went with my wife for lunch. We stood lat the entrance to the back room and waited for someone to seat us. It was around 2pm and there were empty tables. The girls chatting behind the bar ignored us for 5 minutes and then told us we would have to wait after we asked to be seated.  Then they proceeded to continue their conversation.  This is not the first time something like this has happened. We left and ate At another restaurant. They need to increase the staffing in order to be more efficient. I love the food but I don't like to be treated like they are doing me a favor by letting me eat there.  I worked in restaurants for years and have a hospitality management degree. I hope the owner realizes that restaurants with horrible service don't last long term, even if the food is good. Read other reviews of Bennu and you will see similar opinions about the service.
