Best bar in Utica. Amazing food! Great atmosphere! Staff is always awesome. I've heard their Sunday Brunch is awesome as well!
My favorite little bar in Utica, the city, Every time I come, I want to sing "Doo Wah Diddy". The perfect spot to try some new unique beers. You and your friends will all be saying "Cheers!" Every time I visit my old stomping grounds in Utica I stop at Nail Creek. There's always a great selection of beers on draft at reasonable prices. The bartenders are always willing to help you pick out a good beer and will even let you try a sample if you are torn between one or two. If you really can't decide, order a flight! The inside is pretty much a dive bar and sometimes could generate some off-aromas during peak hours, but that is what gives it character. There is a big deck outside with picnic tables when it warms up and there are often live bands playing out there. I ate lunch there once. Food wasn't great, but they let you substitute your side for a Utica Club!
Great atmosphere, and strong drinks! What more can you ask for.
Finally went to Nail Creek for their Sunday Brunch. I chose the lemon blueberry crepes with homefries and sausage paired with a mimosa! The food was absolutely amazing!! We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful day :) service was a little slow but overall it was a great breakfast and I would definitely come again.
Two words: tofu scramble. Holla! We stopped in for brunch (I'm on a mission to find the best bloody mary in the Utica area) and to my delight when I asked for an order of hash browns with every vegetable they had in the kitchen the server asked if I was looking for a vegan option and suggested a tofu scramble that wasn't on the menu. Sweet! Apparently they only have a small amount prepared hence they don't advertise it. It was very tasty! I highly recommend it. The bloody mary was solid too. I was disappointed the garnish didn't include a pickle but that's just me. Unless I happen to stumble upon a place with vegan brunch options, Nail Creek is going to be my go-to Sunday morning joint. Note: Their liquor license doesn't start until noon so if you arrive early you may find yourself sipping coffee.
Great Beer! Which is all i can say good about this over crowded location full of a bunch or hipster liberal pretentious morons The fat guy with a red beard is such a smug  jerk!
Best bar in the city of Utica! Great food and only greatest of beer! Don't expect the tap to have any Bud or Coors Light pouring but if you want to have a night out with quality beverages this the place to be.
Besides being a real chill bar with a vast beer selection including their own brews, Nail Creek has some of the best food around. Lunch, dinner and pub grub is on point and deserves a visit just for that.
Ahh, such a nice pub. Wood bar, couches, and a roaring fire in winter. They have 100 bottles of beer available, plus seasonal offerings! Lots of fun if you're feeling adventurous
Awesome place.  Good choices of craft beers on tap,  reasonably priced.  I met the owner, talking about a Dubbel he brewed on site.  The beer was really good.
Nail Creek is where you go when you want to appreciate great beer in Utica!  Thanks for making so much available!  Love this place!  Just add a few more tables and lower the music a bit!!
Really liked this place. Lunch at the bar was friendly and delicious. Homemade for real food, great beers on tap and a welcoming laid back atmosphere.
Great beer selection. Great music. Great bands. Wish it was bigger because when it gets busy it can get packed. And it gets pretty loud. One of the best spots in CNY for any beer lover. Food is good, but not spectacular.
Had a nice time here. Good beer, good food. I was confused to whether or not there was food available ... menus should be more prominently displayed.
The only reason they did not get a 5 star review is because I have only been here once and only had their Double Belgian release which is fantastic!!!  I liked the atmosphere and will definitely be going back!  Love the Brewery district!
Love the variety of  beers, especially their breakfast stout, love the food...but I gave it four stars because they always play jam bands for music and I HATE jam bands! By far the BEST pub in the area!!!! :)
I like it here.  Kind of small place. Food has always been good, as has the service.
Great brew and great food!  Stop by on Wednesday nights for their $12 gourmet dinner.  It's different every week.
