A great little boutique that sells mostly fair trade and handmade items. They have TONS of ornaments during the holidays, cool jewelry that's not super expensive, a lot of knitted items like gloves, mittens and scarves, and gift baskets. I found a few unique gifts here for people that are hard to buy for. I also found a gorgeous pair of hand-knit mittens that I added to my Christmas list, but unfortunately, they was gone before my brother could pick them up. That means, if you see something you like, snatch it up (especially this time of year!). A special part of their service here is that they provide a little card describing the region your product came from and how it was made. It's a nice addition to a gift to know that not only are you supporting the small businesses of Rochester, but also the hardworking individuals handcrafting the items you've gifted to friends and family.
Very pleased with my latest experience at OWG. This is a great place to shop for jewelry, accessories and home goods for yourself or as a gift. There was a big clearance sale going on during my visit and I got two wooden bracelets from Indonesia for $2 each and a ring from India for $5 (not even on clearance). My sister picked up a pair of baby booties and some jewelry for herself. There are a lot of trinkets and not everything is useful, but each item is beautiful and unique. The stickers with the price will also tell you the country it was made in. All of the workers are volunteers and extremely pleasant. Go here to buy fair trade and give back while getting amazing items to put in your home.
I like the idea of One World Goods.  A lot.   I would love nothing more than to support it and those who contribute time and handcrafted goods to the store.  That's probably why I keep walking in and looking around, hoping to find something to purchase.  Unfortunately, I've never been able to find a use for the things they sell. This may be entirely because I'm not their target audience.  My own decor skews heavily towards the functional and minimalist.  I just can't make myself buy something that exists only to be cute and/or displayed, and I definitely don't go in for wearable arts and crafts to wrap around my neck or wrists or dangle from my earlobes. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find anything to buy when I'm shopping for a gift, either - but it's true the event I'm buying for typically requires me to select something closer to an objet d'art, rather than a fun and earthy tchotchke.  I find OWG's products just can't compete with the quality of the handcrafted goods offered by so many other boutiques in this area.  OWG's products have an undeniable arts-and-crafts feel  - I have the impression that their most important qualities are that they're the products of someone's labor. I don't want to suggest that I expect those who contribute products to be or to become master artisans.  I would be among their most enthusiastic customers if they simply offered me something to incorporate into my life - something I could use.   It's hard for me to justify buying something just because someone took the time to make it.
One World Goods carries only fair trade sweatshop free goods. It is a great place to get gifts and pretty little trinkets for yourself and your home. Their jewelry selection is really great. Every piece is labeled with its country of origin which is really fun. The prices are reasonable, too. You'd pay the same at any gift shop or boutique, but at One World Goods you know that the laborers are paid fairly.
I volunteered for 4 years at One World Goods.  Everyone at the store, minus the upper management, is a volunteer.  The goods are only purchased through supply channels that guarantee the artisans a fair living wage with no child labor. You will find many unique gifts here from places in Africa, S.America, Asia, and even the USA. The most interesting thing I ever found at OWG were these square lacquer buttons made by women on welfare in impoverished areas of the USA.  They would make scenes in the buttons and bake them in a clay oven. The prices are about on par with most boutique shops, but since the staff is all volunteer, that savings is passed on to the laborers. Buy up.  You're supporting a great cause.
One World Goods is a go to for me when buying gifts.  I like gifts with meaning and supporting those who work to make the jewelry, scarves, purses, and housewares is important.  I also like gifts made from unique materials and OWG is a great source for upcycled just about everything.
