Utica Staple! Get the prok bbq atw, chili cheese fries chopped cheese, and vanilla malt thick!
Open only in summer season... Simple, original and delicious!!! Great prices and cash only. Outdoor picnic table seating. I come back every year, never disappointed.
They sell ice cream and you don't really wait that long for your food.... There seems to always be a long line but it doesn't bother me since I'm waiting for really good food. Voss is really good.. You can get hamburgers, French fries, chili dogs, soda or lemonade and SOO much more. The only thing bad is that there is like never anywhere to park it is so crowded! Usually when ever I turn in someone is leaving..you then get a parking lot! Well I think you should give voss a try and if you do you should get there French fries and if you like chili, chili dogs!
If it works ....don't F with it. What can I say? Voss' is Iconic.  Not like the average tourist finds them self lost off the interstate famished and looking for a quick fix in the thriving metropolis of Whitesboro NY......but........ should you find your self in the upstate region and want to experience something besides the usual chain restaurants....look for the big milk bottle standing like the oblisk like in the movie "2001 A Space Odessey" on top of this drive in shack. I remember going here 40 years ago and it is still the same cool drive in eat em up joint. Classic old school carry out menu, CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP and grease your gizzard good. Top a fist full of burgers, sliced BBQ and fries off with some orange pinapple hand scooped ice cream and you know your livin' buddy. Places like this are going the way of the dodo and who knows how long Voss' will last in this age of Ronald, Wendy and the King? Scrape the spare change out from under the seat of your rusty minivan. Cash only folks.... Bottom line: Parents....take your kids here and show em why places like this were a treat back in the day...and why they still should be.
You know those TV shows that showcase the best places in America to get the ultimate roadside BBQ? They take you to East BF, USA and you get to listen to locals rave about how special their little corner of the world is because of the food. Well, dammit, I am one of those people, and Voss deserves to be #1 on those shows! A small shack off the side of a highway, you'll know where it is if you see a line of people all the way out to the road. Proudly serving Honest John's hot dogs (from the local Smith Packing Company), you can't get better flavor from a flat-top grill than Voss BBQ. Lightly buttered and toasted hot dog buns form the basis of what is my guiltiest pleasure, a hot dog with sauerkraut and extra mustard. I could eat them breakfast, lunch and dinner. No, really. I could. Their cheeseburgers are small and greasy, absolutely delicious. I prefer them (and sometimes the hot dogs) "all the way." Which is...let's see if I can remember them all: ketchup, mustard, relish, onions, pickles. My word, my stomach is growling as I type. Even more than their hot dogs and hamburgers, Voss is most famous for their BBQ sandwiches. Beef or pork sliced thin and covered with their homemade BBQ sauce. There's nothing like seeing the sauce come pouring out the side of these sandwiches. They also make their own homemade ice cream, and if you can believe it, it too is excellent. Being that it's seasonal, Voss is open from sometime in April until early November. Cash only, and since the prices are so reasonable, you're likely to get out of there well-stuffed for under $10. Here I sit waiting for my letter to be called.
This place is the greatest.  As a Utican ex-pat (who still can't believe there ARE NEW places to check out each year), my mandatory stops are here, O'scugnizzo's Pizzeria  (baked sausage UNDER the cheese, sausage and shrooms), and Pellettieri  Joe's (now only open 2 DOW's?). Voss' is Guy Fieri of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives quality. DO NOT forgo a HAND PACKED shake or two or three (Pistachio!)
My only complaint about Voss' is that it's not open when I come home for Christmas! I always try to come home in the summer and Voss is on my must list. Hot dog w/ ketchup, BBQ pork sandwich, french fries & a black raspberry milk shake. Completely worth the wait  in line and have always loved the old school kids letter magnets you hold for them to call when your order is read.
Voss' Bar-B-Q is a seasonal barbecue take out that is out of this world!  They've been open since the late 1930s.  The building has a large milk bottle on its roof.  You can't miss it.  ;-) They usually open in the spring (in 2008, they opened in mid-April) and close in the fall (usually some time in November.)  If it's a nice day or even if it's drizzling, expect a crowd outside waiting for their orders.  Don't despair, though.  When it's your turn to step up and make your order, you'll be handed a random magnetic letter (like the kind you find on an elementary school chalkboard) and wait until they call it. Honestly, anything you order at Voss' is going to be stellar.  I personally like the ham or turkey barbecue (with relish), the Mexidog, vanilla milk shake, and homemade orange pineapple ice cream. There are several picnic tables next to the building in case you want to watch the traffic whizzing by on Oriskany Blvd while you devour your bbq.  (Note: All seating is outdoors.)
Yum, my first trip and Jose's too to Voss.  Decided to go on a whim.  Felt like a dog. Needed one covered in chili.  Every other time I have thought about going there the lines seemed too long.  But this was a cold, blustery, grey day in always slightly depressing Yorkville at 2:00 - well after the rush.   Hot Dog Mexi - Chili, cheese, onions and fries.  Bliss.   Birch beer.  Yum.  For both of us.   Then the second course. Cheeseburger deluxe and more fries. No regrets.  Some burping. But fantastic. If you do find yourself in this part of NY State...GO!  You won't regret it.  Cheap, friendly, fast, great signage and a tradition.
Not my cup of tea. BBQ is just thinly sliced meat of choice with BBQ sauce on a plain burger bun. No time to absorb flavor. Didn't try anything else but won't be going back. Nice people though.
keep driving by.  There is nothing good about this place.  Not even the parking lot.  Food horrible, service so so.  It's a landmark, that's all.
I was fortunate enough to grow up on the BBQ's, hotdogs and other summer fare at this very bright spot in the otherwise generally miserable Utica, NY area. The chili is homemade and goes great on almost the entire menu, the BBQ sauce is unique and through the roof and even the hot dogs, Honest John's, are made and only available in Utica and the immediate surrounding areas. The buns are always grilled to perfection and everything tastes so fresh. Never in 25 years have I taken even 1 bite that was not perfect. Not living in the Utica area anymore, it's one of those places where I can always find other establishments that will get me by, but nothing will ever come close to Voss' original, unmistakable taste. On the rare occasion I'm back in town between spring and early fall, I make sure to go out of my way to get a meal in.
My girlfriend asked me the other day, if I was going to die or was being put to death, what my last meal would be. Without hesitation I said, Voss' Beef BBQ! My family is from the area and this has been "the place" for as long as i can remember. I have never gotten a bad meal. The food is affordable, made fresh, and amazing! it is closed during the harsh new york winters so plan accordingly. you will have a wait, people come from all around to eat there. if you havent been go! you wont be dissapointed.
Best food option for non-fast food eaters. The sandwiches are unremarkable save for the sauce. Still give it 3 stars for value- cheap, cheap, cheap.
This is definitely a Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives place.  If it hasn't been visited by Guy Fieri, it should be.  It's an ancient little stand that's been around for decades judging from the appearance and long lines of devoted faithful.  I love to sample places like this whenever I get the chance since it's like witnessing a piece of history! I was in town for a week, so I ate here twice in a matter of days since it's unlikely I'll ever be back to Utica in the foreseeable future.  I have a soft spot in my heart for vintage little food stands that are one of a kind and can only be found in a particular town.   Everything at Voss seems to be homemade and throwback: a variety of burgers, sliced meat BBQ sandwiches, hot dogs, fries, ice cream and shakes..... They only accept cash - no credit cards.  Can't say I thought places like that still existed in the year 2012.  Interesting, but could be inconvenient for some people who use plastic for all of their transactions. You can't eat in the place and have to either carry it home or sit and eat on one of a few picnic benches around the stand.  The structure itself is pretty much just the grill and the cash register.  It's tiny! After placing your order, they hand you a little plastic alphabet letter to hold onto until they call it when your food is ready.  I'm guessing their technique is unchanged since they opened many decades ago. The sandwiches are really small by today's standards.  Not much bigger than White Castle, but priced accordingly at about $2 apiece.  Must be the same size as what people ate back when everyone was skinny in the 1960s. I had 2 chiliburgers one day and a couple of fish sandwiches on the second visit.  They only have fish on Friday and it was awesome!  Battered, fresh haddock with excellent homemade tartar sauce and crisp romaine lettuce.  Two huge thumbs up to the little fish sandwiches.... The best for last: the homemade ice cream.  I could really taste the love in it and they had some old-fashioned flavors you don't see every day like maple walnut and black cherry.  Excellent! I definitely recommend Voss if you want to sample a vintage little fast food stand that is loved by the locals.  It's a very special place that you won't find anywhere else. -
This place is a gold mine. There is always a line on a nice summer day of people waiting to get food. Voss' has very good food, the chili dogs are exceptional, as is the birch beer and the homemade milk shakes. The milkshakes are just amazing and extra thick. The prices are very reasonable as well. I just wish the portion sizes were bigger!
The best drive-in bar-be-que in upstate NY. Hands down! I've seen people wait a half hour in line in the rain.
Long lines with small portions of mediocre food. I
I'll stop by again, but I'm not going out of my way to get back. it's local, so I'll do it again. Didn't meet the hype that I've heard about it. The BBQ sauce is applied after you order it, so the meat and sauce don't have much time to make the taste. But I'll be back.
Fabulous walk-up. BBQ and ice cream too. Great on a nice day.
The best BBQ in the city. HANDS DOWN!!! The line is always out to the road which goes to show you truly how great it is. The chili is amazing and accommodates the menu items greatly especially chili cheese dogs they are the best I have ever tasted anywhere. There ham BBQ is amazing also the only let down are the size of their soft drinks and the fries aren't always consistent  but the best part of that is thst mcdonalds is right up the road. Voss's is one of my favorite places of the summer it stinks that they can't stay open all yr. round
God I love Voss'.  I have gotten the same thing here for about 35 years. And I still love it!  Long lines when they open for the season.  Prices are reasonable. Food is very good, except for the fries, which are almost always runty.  Never get fries to go:  they are the only item not worth the cost as they have always been very, very skimpy portions.  Is a different type of bbq that other parts of the country.  They open strictly at 11; never earlier.  In the late summer and fall they cut back on their hours.  Definitely worth a try.  Parking is sometimes a hassle.
