Love this place! Take the brewery tour, 2 beers at the end! Such awesome history in the Utica community! Their Beers are unmatched!
We came for the 3 PM tour on a Saturday.  Our tour guide was great, although she talked a little fast.  The tour was more about a lot of the cool antiques that are housed within the brewery, rather than a ton of detail about the brewing process, but it was still cool to see just how big the facility was.  Each tour ticket ($5) came with two free drinks at the end of the tour.  Lots of different brews on tap, as well as some bottled beverages.  The bartenders were generous with the samples, which wouldn't cost you one of your drink tickets. A great way to spend Saturday afternoon!
Love this brewery! Check out the tour, its cheap to get in plus you get two free beers at the end. They have a good concert series over the summer. All-in-all, awesome place!
Man, I sure do love brewery tours and this is one of the best ones I've ever been on. The brewery has so much history within its walls and the tour is really great. Tour and tastings are only $5 a person, so it's a complete steal. The tour lasts around 1 hour and you get to explore the various areas of the brewery including a really interesting area concerning the brewery during prohibition and the Matt Family who started and continue to run the brewery. We got to see an active bottling line as well and that was a blast to see in person. They truly make a ton more products than I ever knew and I had no idea that The Matt Brewing Company actually brews most of Brooklyn's beers and they were also the first place that Sam Adams had a large production made. Neat! The tour itself is worth $5 and the tasting at the end is such a huge bonus. With the tour admission, you get 2 (count 'em, 2) tickets for full pints in the tasting room. They have about 8 beers on tap and about 12-15 bottles that you can choose from too. Translation = amazing selection! Not only that, but you can sample as many as you want in addition to the 2 pints! Yay! beer heaven! This brewery is a wonderful mix of truly interesting history and great beers. Utica is not exactly a destination spot for most people, but if you're planning on driving through the area and have the time, definitely stop in and enjoy yourself for a few hours!
Saranac is an excellent part of CNY.  I've alway enjoyed their beer (especially Black Forest), but once I started exploring more of what they had to offer, I became an even bigger fan. Start with Saranac Thursdays.  Each Thursday night through the summer the brewery hosts a musical act and serves up various brews (including seasonal)  Admission is 5 bucks and that INCLUDES your first drink.  Live music and a drink for $5 - how can you go wrong?  After that drinks are very cheap (4 beers for $10). The serving size is less than a pint though. The last thing, also mentioned by others is their gift shop.  They have an awesome selection of both Saranac and Utica Club items. If you're a stein collector, they have a new edition out each year.  This is definitely a unique way to find someone a gift.   My next adventure here will be a tour of the brewery.  I'm guessing that will be a good time.  Until then, you can find me rocking out on Thursday nights, Saranac in hand.
I've been wanting to take the brewery tour ever since I turned 21, and after 14 years I've finally managed to cross it off my bucket list! Whether you like beer or not, it doesn't matter. This tour is one of the most interesting things I have ever done.  There is an incredible amount of local history with in the walls, which I found fascinating. Matt's produces way more products than I ever realized, including ginger beer and sodas. The actual tour was about an hour or so, followed by a tasting.  They take your through old tasting rooms, talk about the local prohibition era, bottling, fermentation and more. The tour guides are knowledgeable, fun and can answer just about every question you throw at them. Again, this tour was a blast, and i wouldn't mind doing it again. $ 5 admission.
Of course they have delicious beer, you probably already know that, but they also have a really robust gift shop with all kinds of Saranac and Utica Club merch and pretty much the best tour $5 can buy. First, of course, the downside of the tour is that it's only offered at 1pm and 3pm on Fridays and Saturdays during the non-summer months, which is unfortunate since a tour and a tasting would really hit the spot during the non-Friday and Saturday I'm passing through Utica.  Of course, then summertime hits and Sunday is the only toursona-non-grata day of the week. The tour begins in their 1960s Victorian viewing room, which has a selection of antiques as well as old memorabilia and bottles from the early twentieth century through to today.  The ceiling, by the by, is made of pressed cardboard made to look old.  (Sometimes knowing that is good for an extra beer ticket, but don't tell them I gave you the answer)  From there, it leads into the portrait gallery where you hear the biographies of the members of the Matt family, who have ran the brewery since its opening in 1888.  The next room looks at some of the ingredients used in the making of beer and has open barrels so you can touch them, smell them, and pick up the flu virus from one of the hundreds of people who have touched and smelled them on one of the past few tours.   Then, it's on to the Prohibition room, where you learn about this dark period in American history.  You also learn a bit about the brewing industry.  This brewery, for example, is a contact brewer, meaning that the delicious products of other breweries are actually made right here in Utica.   Brooklyn, Pete's Wicked, even Kirkland, Costco's house beer is made on site. From there, you go into the bowels of the brewery and see everything from the huge copper kettles to the bottling operation in the works.  It's a bit like Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory, except they put up glass barriers, so it's all but impossible to fall into the beer river... believe me, I've tried. Finally, it's the part you've all been waiting for.  You go up to the beautiful 1888 tavern where you're free to try any two delicious Saranac products.   You can choose from any of the bottles from the current season's 12-pack, the award-winning root beer (for the kids in the group... because kids love nothing more than brewery tours... really, parents?), or a rotating selection of drafts, including the delicious Lake Placid Ubu. Still with me, yelp reader?  Then I'm going to let you in on a handy secret.  You can become a member of the Schultz and Dooley fan club for only $30 a year.  This membership is great not only if you're an admirer of the talking "spokesmugs," but also if you're a fan of the tours like I am.  By becoming a member, you can get free tours for you a guest.  Soon enough, you'll even be giving a play-by-play of the tour on yelp, just like me.
Ok to start, I grew up here so I may be biased. I came back recently to visit some family and someone suggested a brewery tour. I don't think I have been here since I was in high school. It's pretty fascinating. Matt's makes Utica Club, Saranac, and contracts places like Brooklyn (amazing) and Pete's Wicked. If you know any of them (well maybe not Utica Club) you probably are pretty googly eyed right now. You can't get any of their brews outside the North East, but they are the oldest production scale brewery next to Yuengling. So what gives? I loved the Brooklyn brews in college. And I loved Saranac as well (Black Forest has always been amazing). However I got to try their newest addition when I went back. The imperial stout ... amazing. I could have drank it all day .. well until my stomach got full. It was dark malty to almost looking like treebark. Tasted great, no nasty aftertaste. Another I had never tried was the Carmel Porter. Was good, but could only have a few as it was a little too sweet for my tastes. Used vanilla beans in it I think. If you are in the area I recommend the tour. The place has a lot of elegant antiques inside and a lot of the original pieces still intact. The tour is 5 bucks a person and you get two free drinks at the end. (You can get the soft drinks for kids). Saranac soft drinks are really good if you don't know. Orange cream and root beer are really really good. If you are having a party there is also a nice tip about this place, you can rent out the tavern upstairs (very nice place) for 30 bucks a person. They will give you unlimited drink and provide some pizza. You can bring in any food from any local restaurant too :) Not a bad deal. So check it out. It's a nice place of history and well overall really good beer.
For those of you who don't know, this is the restaurant for the brewery that makes saranac beer, one of upstate's finest.  If you find yourself driving from NYC to Toronto for a BNL, Fruvous, or Rush concert ( as many of us have at one time or another), you gotta  to stop in utica and have a little fun at the brewery tour and a swig at the giftshop.  Saranac makes a wide range of tasty beers and it's a perfect pit stop along the way. Or if you prefer a little more shabby chic, you can go for the 24s of utica club, (upstate hpsters know that pabst is passe, but genessee cream is an acquired taste)
I realize I might be reminiscing a bit with these Central New York reviews, but now that I've had a chance for cuisine elsewhere, my belief that CNY really does have the best food and drink has only solidified further. The F.X. Matt Brewing Company is one of those gems that every Utica resident should cherish. It's the second oldest family owned brewery in the states (#1? Yeungling), and they were the first brewery to make beer after the repealing of prohibition. The rich history of the brewery includes the fact that they survived prohibition (a rare feat at that time) by turning to soft drinks - those very same soft drinks live on today, and I haven't tasted a creamier root beer anywhere. Their iconic Schultz & Dooley steins are timeless, and they continue to churn out new models each year. Their $3 tours of the brewery are both interesting a fun. And that $3 buys you two drinks of your choice at the bar at the end of the tour. The brewery's canning operation burned down last summer in a welding accident, and the groundswell of support from the local community, and the state of New York, was nothing short of incredible. Between Saranac Thursday Night's during the summer, the always-sponsored Boilermaker 15K and subsequent block party (hosting 20,000+ people), this brewery provides nothing but good things to the community.
This was the highlight of my trip to Utica, hands down.  A few tips: 1. Do not worry if you are late for the tour.  You will be cooling your heels the gift shop for a while anyway waiting for the tour to start. 2. Expect to learn a bunch about beer before you get to drink.  I was anxious to start boozing, but the foreplay of education made the payoff all the sweeter. 3.  Saranac means "cluster of stars" in Iroquois the language.  Trust me, this is important. 4.  Schultz & Dooley are awesome.  My dad was talking about them the night before and I had no idea what the hell he was talking about.  The loop of the old commercials they show in the brewery bar is hilarious.  Problem is now I want to buy a set of steins, but my wife already hates me.   5.  You get two drinks at the brewery bar for your 5 dollar tour.  That is a hell of a deal.  Plus, plenty of people on our tour only drank one beer, so people kept on giving us drink tickets.  We finally had to drag ourselves away for the family reunion, but I think we could have stayed there drinking for free for hours.
I wouldn't call Utica a tourist destination, but if you happen to be traveling there, you should do yourself a favor and go to the Matt Brewing Company.  See, they make the Saranac line of beers and soft drinks, and that alone is worth you paying your respects. The tour itself runs at the end of the week, and I ended up catching one with my fiance and two friends the day after Thanksgiving.  It was absolutely mobbed, with no less than 30 people on my tour alone (and there were multiple ones going) but there was always enough space where we stopped to spread out, take pictures and bask in the hoppy air. There was nothing terribly special about our tour guide.  He tried to be funny and kept falling flat, and he didn't know too much about the process, but he kept things moving as we made our way through the immense facility. The size of the place was probably the most astounding single thing about the brewery.  While it wasn't as big as, say, the Busch Brewery in St. Louis of the Yuengling Brewery in Tampa, it was in the same general order of magnitude.  Massive brew kettles, massive aging tanks.  Multiple buildings, all of soaring brick construction. The beerhall here played a lot like a dark mahogany Prohibition-era speakeasy.  The only air that came in came from the open door near the fire escape.  There were three bartenders frantically pouring drinks (everyone on the tour gets two) as folks crowded into tight clusters and sipped their beer while soaking in the history. If you like beer or are a brewery tour fan, I'd recommend making the trip.  It's four hours or so from both Boston and NYC, and you can stop at the Dinosaur BBQ in Troy on the way home.  That's what I'd call a roadtrip.
Matt Brewing Co. is responsible for Saranac, a great beer I drank with regularity when living back in MA.  Either at home with friends or on the road camping at various state parks, I always enjoyed a cold Saranac.  It has been a couple years since I had one but this is what I remember and can recommend. The Adirondack Lager was my go to choice.  Heavy it was not, nor was it especially light, the Adirondack was a happy medium and I never had anyone disappointed when I handed them a bottle from my fridge/cooler.  I was also a fan of the IPA.  During the holiday season I purchased a Sampler 12 pack with 12 different Saranacs in them.  This included the core beers (Black Forest, Black & Tan, Pale Ale, Adirondack Lager, IPA, etc) as well as specials like the Nut Brown, Mocha Stout, Marzenbier and others.   But my all-time favorite was the Caramel Porter.  I can't even begin to tell you how much I loved this beer.  I couldn't find it as by itself on the shelf and there was only one included in the sampler.  So I just kept buying more samplers to get this lovely porter.  In some ways I would compare it to the Kona Pipeline Porter, at least in body and deliciousness.  Now I regret that I didn't even go searching for this during my visit home for the holidays.
Ahhhh....memories!  Having grown up in the "U", my earliest memories are of going on the brewery tour at FX Matt!  Yes, we had a 4th grade field trip, from my Catholic elementary school nonetheless, at the Brewery Tour. This is a must-stop for any fan of breweriana, americana, Victorian architecture, antiques, whatever....it just bleeds history and a time gone by. The tour is wonderful--I went on my most recent tour last October when up there visiting my folks, and it's better than its ever been.  I think the tour cost $5 and it includes two tickets for beer at the end of the tour.  AND you get the chance to win more tickets during the tour!  I walked out pretty toasted. And the beer....I hold out hope that someday we'll see a 6-pack of Saranac on the shelves here in Texas, but alas, the integrity of the brewers at Matt's won't lower their alcohol content enough to allow it across the state lines.  The Saranac line of beers is one of the country's finest--definitely in the top 5.  I recommend the Adirondack Amber and Pomegranate Wheat.  They also have great seasonal beers--my favorite is the pumpkin ale that comes out in the fall. If you're ever on the Thruway, get off at Exit 31 and take a couple of hours out to tour the Brewery.  You won't be disappointed!!
this is a really cool brewery with a lot of history that i feel goes unnoticed to a lot of people. the building is beautiful inside and out. the gift shop is pretty cool but can be pricey. the tour guide was into his job and pretty informative and friendly. the tour costs $5 but at the end you get 2 free pints of beer as well as samples, so you can get a pretty nice buzz in a cool atmosphere while hanging with friends. The Saranac beers are pretty good, but the Utica Club doesn't have much goin for it except for its history. Utica is kind of a dump, but if you live within an hour or 2 of this place it's definitely worth checking out.
Perhaps I'm a bit biased, like many of the other local folks that have reviewed the brewery.  Either way, my review echoes the same message--the brewery is fabulous! It's amazing how deeply engrained this brewery has become in the local community. They have a huge presence at the annual Boilermaker 15K road race. They offer Saranac Thursdays with live music and brew during the summer months. And.. the brewery tours? They're a local tradition. From the small corner of wallpaper that's peeling in the "hall of presidents" (from the time beer was leaking from the tavern above) to the freezing cold storage cellars, everything about this tour is endearing. Try to go on a weekday during the spring or summer--when the bottling works is in full-swing. Watching the bottles go round-and-round is mesmerizing. If you're lucky (and it's the summer), you may even get a ride around the block on the trolley at the end of the tour. (I believe it's an old bread truck that they converted some time ago.. but believe me, it's a hoot!) After the tour, they lead you up into the tavern, where you get two free drinks (included in the the cost of the tour). They've got bottles and brew on tap, as well as ginger beer and root beer for the under-21 set. Be sure to check out the gift shop afterwards! Tip: Call the tour center ahead of time before showing up for a tour. The hours of the tour center differ depending on the season.
Honestly this is the nicest family running one of my favorite larger breweries in the U.S. Matt Brewing make some solid beers (I love the Pom Wheat in the Summah!) and have great events for beer & music enthusiasts!  From what I have heard, they consistently give back to the community...  I have traveled more than once to see moe. at the Brewery-the beer and music NEVER disappoint. Oh I also recommend the Brewery tour and store-the store is a little spendy, but they make some quality gear.
Total fan of Saranac - for me, the facility made up for the beer being just mediocre. Happened to be in the area (yeah, who just happens to be in Utica..) for an event and since Saranac was literally 5 minutes away why wouldn't we check it out! I had signed up online for the 1pm tour for 5 people - not sure why they bother having sign ups as there was no mention of my reservation when we arrived. We were placed in the second group which ended up starting around 1:30pm or just shortly after. You are first corralled in the gift shop (DUH) but since we hadn't done a tasting yet, no one wants to buy anything. Along with our $5 tour ticket, we received two ticket vouchers for drinks at the end of the tour. Yep, Saranac does not do a "beer tasting" they do a straight up Pint of beer (make that two, because you get two tickets)...or soda if you choose. The tour started in this room just off the gift shop that had a pretty spooky feel to it - dark, old and full of antiques. Here we got most of the background of FX Matt and his history. We proceeded through doorways to more and more "secret" rooms and an old Speak Easy. The building is fascinating and enormous. From here we took the elevator up three floors to where the production takes place, winding up and down and around the facility to the bottling area where the tour ends (45 minutes later). There is quite a bit of walking, up and down stairs - so if you have trouble this is not for you (which they mention before the tour begins). Because the tavern is back at the beginning...at the end of the tour, you have to bob and weave your way back through the entire facility (passing other tour groups on the way)...it could get confusing. Up the main staircase just off the gift shop and to the tavern where they have 5-6 beers on top, root beer made right at Utica Club as well as other bottled beers and soda made right at the facility. There are no souvenir glasses...unless one happens to slip into your ladies large pocketbook, but they do sell the short glasses in the gift shop for $2.95 and the larger ones not much more. Cons: There were already two tour groups in the tavern by the time our group arrived and another tour shortly after ours. Clearly people stay for much longer than their two drinks tickets do and it becomes very chaotic. I would have liked to do a tasting instead of jumping right into a pint of beer. They would have offered a tasting, but with so many people behind me that wasn't an option. I went for the Farm to Tap IPA which is made from locally grown hops and it was absolutely amazing! I was glad I got a winner on the first choice. The tavern was small and cramped, it has direct sunlight after noon so it was very hot as well. But I thought it was an overall cool experience.
This was my first brewery tour, and set the gold standard for every tour I've taken since.  Set in a great building, this is an actual tour of a brewery.  Not just a building where a guide shows you equipment. The price of admission included two free drinks (full pints).  Even though I don't live in the area, I know that this company does a lot for Utica and the surrounding area.
This was a really cool brewery tour! Our guide was a little dry, but did throw in some fun facts and a little bit of humor. Saranac is one of the largest breweries I have ever been to (Yuengling and Anheuser Busch being the biggest, of course). The bottling line was enormous. It was also cool to see the huge brew kettles and big room of fermenting tanks. I wish I gained a lot more information though. I love brewery tours for the academic aspect (because I'm a nerd like that). They talked a little bit about beer brewing (generally the basics) but didn't say anything about their soda production. The only thing they mentioned was that the soda and "club" drinks gained popularity during the Prohibition Era. The tour is $5 but you see a lot, learn a little bit, and receive two free beverage coupons. The free "samples" were generous - full pint glasses full of whatever you wanted! Beer, draft root beer, basically any of their beverages on tap or bottled. Really nice selection. The gift shop is great and has a huge selection of goods, gifts, and bottled beverages. So glad we went here!
If you're in or around Utica and you like beer definitely check out this brewery. $5 includes about a 45 minute tour from a knowledgeable tour guide, historic building, and two pints. It's worth the stop!
Took over 14+ years of passing through Utica without stopping at the old F.X. Matt Brewing Company, home of Saranac.  As a beer ethusiast, I honestly can't say that I believe they make some of the tastest beer in the state, but they do have a rich history that makes it well worth passing through this beer landmark. The tour was different in that you see an operation at work there that resides in a classic looking facility with huge old and beautiful copper boilers as well as older fermenters like I've never seen.  Ooh, and love that lovely smell of malty goodness that lingers through a good part of the tour.The bottling operation there is also the largest I've seen and made it well worth the price of admission.  It's good to see this part up and running after the devastating fire they had a few years back. After the tour, we got to try some of the beers.  The IPA was the only one worth noting on tap, although they now help brew Lake Placid which is a good beer itself.  The standouts for me were actually the sodas.  The root beer on tap was excellent and, I hate to harken back to my 4 year-old palate, but the Shirley Temple was quite tasty. So, the tour itself I thought was a 4 and the beer was a 3, but I'll boost them up for the unique experience here and the friendly staff.  Recommend for everyone, even if you have kids.
I'm not really crazy about root beer. After my first encounter of this drink, Ioved it. When I went back to the city,  a sort of hard time finding Saranac Root beer in the Manhattan area. I searched  it from their website but , the retail locator was of no help.  I emailed the company. Their administrative Assistant- Customer Relations, Mr. Randi Butler, responded quickly.    I went to one of the locations uptown. Luckily they had them. Selected Duane Reade Location sell the root beer. I have yet to locate all of them. So far, I know 3 locations that do sell them. The aim of this review is to help out potential people looking for Saranace Root Beer in  New York City. Duane Reade    1. corner of 125th st and Broadway ( take 1 train to the bronx)    2. corner of 135th st. and 8th    3. 40-02 Broadway, Astoria, NY 11103 ( Queens, take RVG get off                                                                              at Steinway) I hope this helps. :) G.
Saranac makes a great variety pack that I've enjoyed over the years, and I was thrilled that they distribute to PA which has the weird case laws (you have to buy the entire case at some places).  While few of the Saranac beers are my absolute favorites, I find myself enjoying nearly all of them very much - overall solid, well-crafted beers of distinction.  Cheers!
Thank you for making Utica, New York, a National Beer Stop!  There's always a Saranac in my fridge!
Showed up when they were dead and asked if one of the five employees standing around would give us a tour and they said nope. They also didn't have their Pomegranate Wheat beer or really any of their other regular beers available for purchase ... I guess that does it for me and this beer. Unaccommodating & unfriendly - I guess thats why they are famous for their beer and not the service at their Brewery.
I love going on the brewery tour here at Matt's; it's a great way to kill a few hours on a lazy Saturday for $3, (complete w/two free drinks at the end,) and it's a great place to bring out-of-town friends as well!  The brewery lobby at the beginning of the tour, as well as the 1888 tavern at the end are beautifully appointed, historically accurate, and the tour of the "nuts and bolts" (barley and hops?) of microbrewing is very professionally done.  The history of the brewery itself is fascinating, and it's a great place to bring people of all ages; the trolley ride in the summer at the end of the tour is a lot of fun, and the soft drinks are (IMO, anyway,) even better than the excellent beers brewed here!  (I live in Albany now, and I still miss Saranac Diet Root Beer something awful!)  Definitely a must-see in Central New York!
I just tried the Shirley Temple Soda... it's like happiness in a bottle :)
If you are in the Utica area this is truly the only thing worth while to do. I have family there and had great memories of visiting this brewery as a kid. Now coming back as an adult and beer lover it was wonderful! Its only $5 for adults to get in and kids are free. The tour was informative and fun. The best part, two FREE beers or soft drinks of your choice at the end!
This was a fun way to spend a Saturday afternoon, and inexpensive. We took the tour and then were able to taste the beer, two full mugs each, for about $5.00/per person. Not bad at all! The brewery is really amazing. The building is about 7 stories tall, and all the operations are updated with computer controls etc. but with the original brewing equipment. The automation allows them to brew beer for other vendors, with different recipes easily. The tour guide was a young woman, who apparently was too young to drink alcohol, so was not very versed at describing the beers, but she was enthusiastic. The pub, where we went for tasting after the tour, was great. An old english style with gothic, hand carved wood beams, railings etc. There were tables to sit at, and the bartenders were friendly and helpful in describing the different brews, including many from other vendors' recipes, made onsite.
Brewery nights on Thursday are awesome!  The admission is cheap, the beer prices are cheap (although it's only a small cup), and there is a lively crowd.  I like most of the beers brewed here.  The Shandy summer beer is refreshing.  The pomegranate wheat is one of the best pomegranate beers I've ever had... definitely better than some of the other organic New England ones.  The limited release Irish Red is tasty.  I also like the Adirondack Lager.  Utica Club is a great pilsner if you are looking for a normal beer.  This place has character.  They also sell awesome steins.
