When we come into town we make it a point to stop by and grab a few drinks.  We stopped by Tuesday night 09/09/14 and it was trivia night. We rocked that shit! The waitress we had was racing up and down the stairs! She was amazing! The food was amazing! Lots of beer choices! A great pub!  Check them out!
Went there midday to just get a beer.  The bartender, whose name I wish I had gotten was fantastic: tall guy with tats.  Very personable, made recommendations, friendly and attentive.  If I lived there, I would hang at this place because of his service!  The atmosphere is cool, very clean and comfortable!  They serve the Saranac Beers- he suggested the Black Forrest which was amazingly good!  Took my son there for his first "legal beer" on his birthday- the experience was memorable!
This place gets packed,  and sometimes it hard to get a drink because it's super busy. I do appreciate the live music though. Once, you get outside of the actual bar at least there is breathing room, and bands playing.
I usually dont review anywhere before 3 visitis and we just went once here but there were 8 of us, some fussy, so I figured it would be ok to do this. We were running late, because we wanted to do the brewery tour next door. We onkly had 45 minutes from the time we walked in. (More on that in a minute.) The food was great. Great salads, appetizers and entrees. The soups couldn't be better (the roasted red pepper and gouda soup was fantastic.)  The food is a four.(The setting was nice too. Faux Pub but clean and nice enough. ) I just want to commend the service, which was a five. The real issue was time, and we told the server. She was fantastic. Got us everything as soon as she could and had the check ready with 5 minutes to spare. We would have understood if they couldnt have done an 8 person party under such a time constraint but they did great.  I dont get to Utica much, but Ill be back here when I do.
If you fit the description of one of these three groups of people, you'll probably enjoy being at the Celtic Harp. If you don't fit in any of the categories, you should probably go somewhere else. 1. You are a slutty girl, whose gained quite some weight from college but that hasn't stopped you from working hard to achieve a one night stand. You've dyed your hair blonde, you've got your leggings on and you're ready to score! 2. You are a guido. You are ridiculously tan and sporting a white t-shirt. 3. You are in your 40s, creeping on desperate girls (see #1).
So this place was new to me last time I went home. I liked it though. It had a little bit of class to it for an Irish Pub. It's got a pretty nice bar and a local crowd. I came for trivia night where they come up with some really good questions for the people there. Competition is quite fierce, and the winner gets a 100 buck gift certificate if I remember correctly. (The champs at the table behind me had been drinking for free for a few weeks I was told). They have pretty good food as well. The bangers and mash was pretty good and the shepard's pie looked and smelled good as well. It was good to see a cool chill bar though as I am used to the old, dark, nasty run down ones in the area this place was great. The only thing that really really irked me ... the waitress. When you sit down at a table at a bar and the waitress comes up and says, "What can I get y'all to drink?" You would expect her to know the choices ... or at least provide a beer menu. ... Nope she just shook her head and with telling  me that their were "lots" :) It was cute, but when I realized that was her real answer I was disappointed. Luckily I was with some regulars so they knew some of the choices. Saranacs are all there, but again check out the taps on your way in for seasonal brews. It's right across the street from the brewery so it's not a shock to have that.
Pretty solid beer selection and some really good food. It's seat yourself and can be difficult to get a server right away, I suggest asking the bartender for a menu before sitting down that way they get a server right over to you. I prefer sitting upstairs when dining. The Shepard's Pie and Pot Roast Grinder are amazing, burgers are good, and the Dublin Dippers are an awesome app. Later at night it's definitely a fun bar atmosphere which gets crowded. Took off a star because service can be spotty and slow but the atmosphere and food make it a worth while stop.
Food below average for the type of cuisine (all Irish fare), they rely heavy on thick sauces to bring flavor to overdone meats in at least half the meals I've eaten there. It's not bad, but it's more like an average pub grub than restaurant quality. Acoustics are terrible. Plenty of TVs in poor locations if you sit, but great for standing bar patrons. Outside bar area is great for summer nights but a generic paved area for any use besides nightlife.
Best wings in town!  Should i say 'hall of fame' wings?
The research that went into "The Harp" by Tommy P and company really pays off as the decor and colors capture that Irish feel with a more Americanized western contemporary edge. Drink prices can be great pending when you visit and specials. Overall the Harp is the gem of the Varick Street/Brewery district establishments.
Fun place, great atmosphere. They usually have music on the weekends, and they are a restaurant during the day that serves traditional Irish food. Gets wicked busy and crowded sat nights, but worth a look
I have to agree with Timothy on his review of the Celtic Harp.  Though I didn't order anything with sauce and therefore can't attest to their consistency, I did find that the food, ambience, and beer were all mediocre at best.  It was a fine place to stop for lunch, but I don't think that I would return.  I also have never been a big fan of the theme restaurant that seems about as authentically Irish as Sean Patrick Flanery's accent.
Met some friends for drinks and food. Ordered about 6 different apps to share and all of them were great!  The place was crowded (Boilermaker weekend) but the waiter kept things moving. Would like to go back and have a dinner entree.
At first it seems like a decent place, but once the crowd gathers it's hell on earth. Not to mention the food is awful. There's more to see on verick than this place....
Celtic Harp is an excellent place to spend a Saturday night.  This is a meeting place for Utica and Utica's partying culture.
I don't fit any of the criteria named by the earlier reviewer and wasn't trolling for women, nor to get hammered.  I'm a 50+ male, who has traveled extensively, eaten at a lot of Irish bars in a lot of cities and  feel that Utica has a little gem here.  Took a party of 12 for a family birthday dinner and loved the atmosphere.  Very nicely decorated and clean.  Ate upstairs and while service was not fast, our server was attentive, helpful with recommendations and explanations of how dishes were prepared.  Corned Beef and Cabbage and Guinness Stew were rated excellent by those in our party and the Sheperd's Pie, while heavy on the mashed potato layer, was tasty.  A great selection of alcoholic beverages, although bartender had little knowledge of wines.  Prices were reasonable and we had a very nice time.  Our party was in agreement that we would gladly eat here again.
