Great food and drink with service that is friendly and personable. The bartenders mix great drinks and the wine selection is solid.  If you're a meat eater, go for the meatloaf - it's amazing!  If you are in the mood for fish, the seared tuna is excellent.  Even the sides are terrific - mashed cauliflower is so tasty, and the tuna is served on a version of succotash which is mouthwatering.   On to dessert.  Gerber's is known for it's bread pudding... And for great reason.  Dense, creamy, and finished with fresh ground nutmeg.  Close your eyes and be in heaven!   The pound cake cheesecake was a great surprise, clearly house made and delicious.   It's a friendly home town establishment who recognized us our second time there.  It's small and cozy with lots of '30s charm.  It's a great fit for Utica and Bagg's Square. We'll be going again and again. See you there!
If you want a simple, no thrills place to have a drink and be reminded of "the good ol' days" then head to Gerber's.  Visited here prior to dinner at a different restaurant in the area over the Thanksgiving holiday.  We didn't eat here, but they were offering a "quick" menu for those heading to the Utica Comets game, which I thought was great. A nice selections of both spirits and beers, and the service was great. It was nice to go to a bar that had an old timey charm and was quiet enough you could actually sit and have a conversation with the people you were with.
While visiting utica on a business trip I found this little gem.  The owner and blond bartender were very friendly and the atmosphere was very welcoming. The hot pastrami sandwich was amazing!!!  I highly recommend this place if u want somewhere to go that is laid back,  fairly quiet with excellent food and service.  I will 100% be back if I visit utica again in the future.
5 stars for the owner for saving this little nugget of history. I met a business contact here for a couple of beers and a sandwich and was very impressed. The Utica Club on tap was fresh & very cold. The pastrami I had was impressive. The half-sour pickles that were served with the sandwich were some of the best I've ever had (thats a lot of pickles by the way). I could've eaten a gallon of the coleslaw.   The server at the bar that night (Rachel) was a true joy to talk with offering some great insight to a nice city that seems to be on it's way back. This was my first trip to Utica and I will go out of my way to return so I can sit at this bar and have a sandwich & a beer. If you're in Utica or driving on 90...you need to stop in here....the owners & staff deserve your patronage.
If you want to step back in time to the 1930's, then stop by Gerber's 1933 Tavern for a cold Utica Club and a sandwich. This building has been dormant since 1976 and has recently been restored to its former glory. It was originally "Gerber's Grill"  which closed in 1976. But the original bar, light fixtures, and sign out front have all survived and are now part of the newly renovated building. They have a full bar, and a small menu based on an original menu found in a drawer from the previous "Gerber's Grill". I've been told the menu changes daily. I had a ham and swiss sandwich with a side of kettle chips, and Mac salad. Very good, everything was VERY fresh. For dessert I had easily the best slice of apple pie I've ever had, with a fresh cup of coffee from the Utica Roasting Co. that is located up the street. I have always wondered what it was like inside this building, but never knew since it was closed years before I was even born. Now I can finally eat a Gerber's Grill! I give the owners a lot of credit for putting love into this building, and at the same time helping the regrowth of a depressed area.
I don't know what you like, but I like this place. This place is exactly what it should be; what more places ought to be. Great throwback to another time. Simple. UC on tap (and more). Tasty sandwiches from friendly folks. If you're going to be in Utica, stop on by.
This is a small place to grab a nice cocktail. They have worked very hard to keep their bar in the 1933 era, old timey vinyl, no tvs, chatty bartenders who can make a drink and if you like this kinda stuff-- fried bologna sandwiches with long hots. It can feel a bit stale some nights but when there is a crowd Gerber's is a cool place to be.
Do you want a meal made of locally sourced fresh ingredients? Do you want a menu that focuses on quality and does it well? Do you want the best pastrami sandwich in the world? Do you want to experience all of the above in a restored 1933 tavern? Go to Gerbers 1933 Tavern! Was in town and went to Gerbers for dinner. Fabulous sandwiches served with a choice of sides and cold drinks in a funky, cool tavern. I highly recommend and am still thinking fondly of the bread pudding dessert special we were lucky enough to enjoy. I look forward to my next visit so I can go to Gerbers again.
We've been here several times for dinner. Delicious. Excellent specials; very reasonable. We appreciate the historical details. And close to home!
Great little corner bar & restaurant- had lamb stew and a hand-sliced corn beef sandwich which were out of this world. Nice bubbly staff too.
This place is a real charmer... Beautifully restored space and fresh, homemade food quality at a reasonable rate. We had a Lamb Shepard's Pie Special that could've come out of grandma's oven and a Fried Bologna Sandwich... I haven't even thought about eating bologna in at least 20 years, but that goes to show how this place sets a nice and relaxed, old school mood.The cold beer hit the spot, but I agree that a few vintage cocktail offerings would help to make the place sing. Great revival of this downtown gem!
