Two words: Mike's Song. I went here during a business trip twice and both times I got this main entree and neither time was I disappointed. This review is really just for this dish. The service was friendly and sweet for the majority of both trips, but this dish was addictive-ly delicious. Flank steak with bacon, bleu cheese crumbles and a balsamic reduction with veggies on the side. What else could make this entree better? It was perfect.
Have you ever been to Ed Debevic's in Chicago? The wait staff is uber hip and intentionally sassy. Perhaps the the wait staff at Lovin' Cup, feels they can behave similarly. They are tragically mistaken, however,  ED staff actually invests energy in appearing not to give a hoot. The staff at Lovin' Cup don't even bother to try. I've given the Lovin' Cup three tries. Each visit the service was the same: nonchalant, unhelpful, disinterested. Oh, dear tatted waitress: are you a frustrated musician? Can't make ends meet by playing at Roc bar?  Trying to maintain an indie rockers facade, but feeling like you sold out, kinda, because you're a waitress? Guess what? I don't give a rat's heiny! Just do your job and serve my food when it's hot. Cold fries are worthless. The food is adequate, with a handful of vegetarian options. The atmosphere is inspiredly cool, and the live music can be great. My suggestion would be eat somewhere else, then get your brews and tunes at Lovin' Cup.
Pros: + Full bar + Large space with plenty of seating, both indoor and outdoor + Fried pickles done right Cons: - Location! - Limited number of healthy vegetarian options. Skip the "Bowling Green" wrap Henrietta is hardly ever a destination of mine, especially for food (Joe's Brooklyn excluded) but if I'm in the vicinity of RIT, Lovin Cup is super convenient. It's definitely one of the better food options in the Henrietta area.
Disappointing. Undercooked chicken wings. Overcooked steak. Friendly and attentive staff, but unfortunately not quite up to par. Next time I will choose to eat elsewhere if I plan to go for a beer and/or a band. They did fix things, like not charging me for the soup they forgot on my first visit, and knocking off the price of a round of drinks when our food came out incorrectly, on my second visit.
Lovin cup is a great spot to meet some friends out for dinner/ drinks. I love that they have live entertainment. The band that was playing last night was really good!!! The food was excellent! I had the me and mr. Jones wrap and it was sooo good! Came with a fresh, crunchy deli pickle (my faves) and delicious French fries, tastefully seasoned. Manny, as always... Ordered a garbage plate and the meat sauce was delicious, and awesome Mac salad!! Our server was awesome! He was so in the know and really cool guy to talk to! Drinks were a little weak, so I switched over to cider. They were out of a lot of selections unfortunately. We will be back though!
I love Lovin' Cup. It's a mixture of coffee shop, bar, and music venue, with a simple menu thrown in for good measure. I like the atmosphere, casual, yet well appointed, nice tables, and booths, and seating on the bar area. They have a variety of music events going on, for almost every taste. My biggest complaint is that they are far away from me! Otherwise I would be there almost every night!
Lovin' Cup is an interesting experience. I've been coming here since they opened and although I think the food was a bit better when they first opened, I have to say that I'm usually not disappointed in the food.  The quality is pretty consistent and I can always find at least a few vegetarian options on the menu. Also, unlike a lot of other places where they serve vegetable based sandwiches and entres, the vegetables are always fresh and of pretty good quality. My meat eating friends are equally pleased with the food and the menu choices. The problem here, at least during lunch hours, is the service. It's just plain inconsistent, even within the same visit. At today's lunch although the person who greeted and seated us was great, our server just didn't seem to get it. Menus were removed from the table before we ordered, both the drink and food order took forever to arrive and one order was incorrect. At one point we heard the woman behind us exclaim loudly to the waiter, "no I don't want it now, I wanted it when I ordered it". A little later when another server observed the same waiter just standing in the middle of the restaurant we heard her ask him if he was "lost". Trust me, he was. So out of all the times I've been here, this was only the third time that the service was this bad. But let's face it, that's three times too many. If we all saw that there was a problem with this service it's too bad that the manager, who was apparently on site, didn't seem to notice or care. Will I go back? For now I  probably will because I like the food and feel bad for the wait staff who work really hard and end up covering for the indifferent ones.
My favorite coffee shop in Henrietta this place really has a lot to offer.  Great food, drinks (including alcoholic beverages), and atmosphere. The metal sculpture behind the bar is amazing. The artwork is interesting and constantly changing. The owner and manager are really friendly. They are constantly having bands and events there to keep the place lively. The only thing I can really say bad about it is that it can get loud and it isn't a really cosy type of coffee shop like somewhere such as javas is. So if you are looking for somewhere quiet to study, look elsewhere.
Great bar for experiencing local live music.  The food is delicious and very unique. If you get a chance definitely try their pizzas. They have cocktails, beer, and some good wines by the glass.  They also usually have pretty good desserts.
I work at a nearby University (alright, you got me. It's RIT). and with an hour for lunch, could go to any number of chair restaurants just off campus to eat. But, I always find myself at Lovin' Cup (and given how busy they usually are at the lunch hour, so do most other employees). Take a little bit of everything that makes a restaurant great, throw it together, and you've got Lovin' Cup. The food is great...even the salads (not an easy feat :)! Do you like trivia with your food? They've got that on Monday nights. What's that you say? You want live music? They've got that too (Friday and Saturday nights typically). Beer tasting and wings more your style? Come in on Wednesday! They have a large bar with beer on tap and coffee brewing...something for everyone! Whats not to love?!
I like a beer tasting that is a bit informative but the venue is too big, no one shuts their mouth so you can attend to the speaker. I think it was an off night though, I'll give them that. Their Groupon deal for beer tasting was vaguely stated, folks didn't know it was only good  on the first Wednesday of each month for a formal tasting so they extended the validity a month and this event was over sold by 25 seats. Another party I happened to know and ourselves didn't realize and showed up with additional folks who were told they could stand which was ok, but they couldn't participate in the tasting, they would have to order drinks from the bar. Since they usually start at 8:00 but I guess change to 7:00 in the spring/summer there were many free seats that were "reserved" for over an hour while they waited for people who had reservations and might have had the time wrong. It was pretty ridiculous. It took about 60 minutes from our arrival to get the first taste, which were decent pours. Otherwise service was super slow, you would think if they expected such a large crowd all hands would be on deck. They bill it as a tasting with appetizers, meaning several beers and one pre-determined appetizer half way through (a half a pulled pork sandwich this time and about a tablespoon of coleslaw). We ordered a few pitchers to pad the tastings.  And then some food, the nachos were pretty good, the toppings and cheese were scant and melted like white American. The pickle chips were crispy and delicious, served with a big mac-esque sauce. Boneless wings were crispy and well sauced, the blue cheese dressing was disgustingly thin. On the other hand the waffle sweet tato fries were crispy and accompanied by a sweet and tangy mustard sauce that was delightful.
Had a business lunch here. First visit.  Arrived about 12:45. The place was packed with one small table open. I immediately noted the simple decor, sound stage and beer selections.  It felt quite comfortable. The server was on his game and promptly took drink orders and relayed the specials. I had a pesto chicken panini. My associate had a veggie wrap. The food was tasty and served promptly. That's what one expects at the lunch hour.  Everything worked in line with ratings. No surprises. I'll be back very soon. Count me among the raving fans.
Really cool venue to see a band play! Great setup, decor, and sound. Friendly staff. Will have to come back someday for the food!
I'm going to be honest here. I really like the idea of this place. The name, the interesting menu items, the integration of live music. I came here with a large work group for a retirement party. They seemed to not be bothered by this, and perhaps have large groups often. However, our waiter was such a crab apple. Very serious and not inviting/welcoming at all. Dude, I tip almost 50% when I come with a large group (20+). And I'm sure it's a huge pain in the ass, but cheer up. Plus, they don't make the one thing on the menu that I wanted, and they weren't just out, waiter told me they don't make it anymore. All that being said, I will come back. I will come back with less than 5 people and see how it works out. I'm hoping to give it four stars then!
Surprisingly good food, close to the RIT campus.  I've gotten take-out from them a couple times now and the food is consistently good.  Never eaten inside the restaurant but they have pretty loud live music playing every time I go. Minus one star because they messed up our order one time and the bouncer was kinda rude, but still a pretty great place.
First time visitor. This is a interesting place. Only came because seen some photos on yelp that looked so good. There is a live band here this evening. No cover charge since taking my good to go. The music and folks here are to cool.  This music was a Louisiana band playing some groovy sounds. The folks are dancing like there is no tomorrow To cool. I ordered what was called Pork Soda which is a pork schnitzel with veggies and mash potatoes.. sounds good for $13. Well finish this after back in my room and eat the food. This place is huge. In for and out door seating. Huge bar that is making plenty money. I know those bar renders ate making plenty in tips. Very modern decor. The floor plan is so open and spacious that even with this place being crowded. Your not up on any one. Very nice Well the pork schnitzel was little over cooked. The mash potatoes with portabella mushrooms was awesome. So I'd say 3 stars for the food. But 4.5 stars for the building itself.
Probably my favorite place in Rochester. I have been going to this place since they opened a few years ago. Wines, food, great beers and live music. It is the perfect place to go and hang out with friends or even to go and do some work during the day. They also have great coffee and desserts that go well with them. Some nights they have latin music and live bands, which is rare to find in Rochester. It is always crowded during those nights, but is always a great time. If you are in Rochester, looking for a good venue where people are cool and diverse, please go and try some of the good beers or wines they always have available.
From the decor to the food and drinks, Lovin Cup is a great place to go. I have yet to eat anything there that wasn't very tasty, and there's constantly a fresh selection of craft beers on tap. The garbage plate is a great choice but tonight they were doing a breakfast garbage plate that was absolutely amazing. Another notch in the win column for Lovin Cup. If you find yourself there in the evening, there's usually some form of mellow entertainment and if that doesn't tickle your fancy, strike up a conversation with your server or bartender.  I've yet to meet one who isn't personable.  If you're sitting at the bar, Don is a personal favorite.  He knows his beers and the menu like he created them himself.  You can't go wrong here.
My second review for the Lovin' Cup! Yes, they deserve it! Why? 'Cuz I dig their attention to folks like me who need to eliminate gluten from their diet. Gluten free is more than a fad, folks... it's becoming a way of life for people like me with digestive issues. So, instead of revising my review i'm penning a new one so that the kudos mean something. Great servers, great music, great vibe. With the recent shuttering of Tala Vera & the Flipside, the Cup is well on it's way to become one of the permiere spots for live music. If you haven't checked it out yet, then what are you waiting for?
The food at Lovin' Cup is great. The reason why I give it 2 stars is because of the terrible love music. The bands play so loud you can barely talk to anyone and on top of it the bands that are playing are terrible. In short, go for lunch! Avoid going in the evening unless you like bad music and not being able to talk to your friends.
Artistic design, excellent service, delicious food, comfortable atmosphere, outstanding beverages. We stayed way too long at our booth and enjoyed ourselves immensely. This place is a keeper.
This a fun friendly place It's like a vacation just walking in the doors Great food great service
For the longest time, I thought this place was a frozen yogurt place (don't ask me why). So, when my boyfriend told me that we were going to get dinner here with some friends, I was confused. There seems to be two areas: a bar area and a small area for seated meals. The first time I was here, I got the anthology pizza, which was pretty good, but pricey. The second time I was here, I went for the recommended Hot for Teacher panini. It was pretty good, and the dipping sauce (some kind of pesto mayo) it came with was delicious. Some of our friends started dipping their food in it as well! The burgers also look really good. There is live music in the bar area, and it can get pretty loud, so don't expect to hear your friends talking. However, the food is a bit pricey (comparable to NYC prices), but overall delicious. I would come here again.
You would think this is a soup place (which they do have) but you should come here for the burgers. High quality Angus and crazy good toppings. I had the Bayou burger and it was exceptional.  I needed 14 napkins. Great appetizers as well.
Lovin' Cup is a breath of fresh air to Henrietta, which is the epicenter of chain restaurants and sports bars. They attract a large crowd from all over on weekend nights with events, live music, and even trivia. The food here is mediocre, although I haven't strayed away from their soup, salads, and sandwiches. My go-to item on the menu here is the lemon pepper chicken soup. It's delicious and made-from-scratch. I have always had a problem with slow service here as well, especially when sitting outside. As a RIT student, it's always a convenient place for me to grab lunch or even a drink with friends during happy hour. Definitely check out the Homegrown Fest they have every January which features local brews and food!
I've been to Lovin' Cup twice now. The first time just to have some wine. The second time I went with friends. None of us knew that there was a live show going on. So we were seated in the back which was fine. But after sitting for 45 minutes, seeing plenty of servers attending the other tables, I started to feel really unwelcome. After about an hour and 20 minutes, the server finally made an appearance and provided us with mediocre service. I haven't been back since.
The scene, the food, the coffee, all good. Came here a lot just to pick up some coffee. I think it might be my favorite spot for coffee in Rochester. Sometimes they got good music playing as well, not a bad place to go with some friends and chill. Good location right in park point by RIT as well.
I have been here a few times, and each time has been a little more disappointing than the previous. My first experience was great! There is a variety of reasonably priced food, and the atmosphere is great. From that first time, we get to when we went over the weekend. We came to Lovin' Cup because there was no wait on a Saturday night at 6pm (which should have clued us in). However, it still took an hour to get our food! The place wasn't even packed. One order was wrong and had to be sent back due to an allergy issue. My order, roast beef au jus, came without the au jus, and was very, very salty. I didn't finish it. When the au jus did finally come out after we requested it, the waitress set it (steaming hot) right in front of my baby. We had to wait in 15 minute intervals to get a glimpse of our waitress to try to ask her for anything, like ketchup. We ended up going to the bartender and asking instead. Unfortunately, the food isn't worth the hassle and we probably won't be back for a meal (maybe for coffee), even though the location is nice.
Great food, good service, awesome beer and drink selections, my only issue is the quality of the music sometimes. Some of it is great, like the festivals, but if I'm going to lovin cup for dinner with friends having a solo guitar player wailing off key is pretty off-putting.
It's the collection of all things musical, artistic, and gastromic that combine here to make it so wonderful...
I really had high hopes for Lovin' Cup - and I have waited a while to let my experience sort of sink in before writing my review.. but I still feel disappointed by my experience.  Maybe it was the time of day?  Maybe the day of the week?   I don't know - I just didn't feel this place. My friends and I stopped on a Wednesday evening for dinner.  We arrived around 5 and got a booth near the back.  Seating was fine for five of us.  Three of us arrived around the same time and two were a little late, and I felt like our server wasn't thrilled with that - not that the place was busy anyways. It was too early for live music, and the place just seemed lifeless.  I was hoping for a little bit more enthusiasm or something. The drink I ordered was mediocre. The food was mediocre. The service was mediocre. Especially for the price. I SO wanted to like it here especially since so many others have had great experiences.   I'm sure I'll try it again, but maybe just for a coffee date and live music.
I have to stop coming here. Every time it gets worse and worse. Actually, that's not true. It reached rock bottom at a beer tasting in September. Apparently, it was the owner's birthday. That's cool for them. What's not cool is making it a birthday party at their regular beer tasting and charging me $18 to go. I'm talking relatives and friends making toasts. There wasn't even a brewery there... they just gave samples of what was on tap... and had people read things they printed off the internet. "This is... um.... an India Pale Ale- OH! That's what IPA stands for! I haven't ever tried this but it's not bad! Enjoy!" and then later his young nephew was like "I love you uncle!" on the microphone... it was incredibly awkward (not to mention lame) for our party of 14. Then, last night... they had a holiday beer tasting. Sounds awesome! 13 beers! We got there at 7pm- they were sold out. We asked to be put on the waiting list. SURE! They said. I checked back in at 8:05 (it started at 8)... ol' girl said she'd find us if there were spots! 8:40pm comes around- they announce there are 2 tickets left and whoever gets to the table first gets them. Thanks a lot, Lovin' Cup. Fool me once, shame on me... fool me twice.. shame on me.
Lovin Cup has the best hamburgers, hands down. You wouldn't expect a half vegetarian/vegan place to have good hamburgers, but it does. I ordered a medium rare burger, because I like rare meat, and the inside was nice and pink. When I took a bite it fell apart in my mouth. I think I got a hamburger that had mozzarella and spinach on it, which is one of my favorite hamburger combinations. Their carrot cake was also very delicious and moist. I stay away from their vegetarian options because a lot of them have sprouts and I hate sprouts. I guess if you like that kind of thing you should try it, but I'm sticking with the hamburgers.
Easily my favorite restaurant/bar to enjoy an evening in the area -- The food is high quality and the drinks are top class. Very few "bars" mix true cocktails anymore, yet LC not only does this in spades but they also have a great list of 'unique spins' on the classics. This place also has full espresso capabilites, so come read a book on a slow afternoon! The staff is wonderful -- very friendly, great folks. The owners are also great, and they take an active role in making the events (and restaurant) fun and friendly. Great laid back yet fun atmosphere with considerable unique touches everywhere: just look at the welded art/bottle holder that is the back of the bar for starters, and there is some sort of music or event nearly every night -- and they are packed maybe every other week with a major band or similar event. I would consider it a fine restaurant for the family unless it is one of those event nights (those get loud & full, but even then LC doesn't get messy/trashy as many bars do after dark). Definitely one of Rochester's hidden gems.
Once in a great while, a restaurant prepares a single dish, which despite numerous sub-par menu offerings, single-handedly propels that establishment to greatness. Everything else (the atmosphere, the service, the bathrooms, etc.) fades into the distance and what remains is one, isolated memory that shapes your whole perception of your dining experience. One such divine dish is a regular menu item at Lovin Cup, located within RIT's Park Point development. The appetizer, which is now among my Top 5 all time favorite dishes in Rochester, is a brilliant combination of a Western New York favorite and a classic southern comfort food. To my knowledge, there is no where else in Rochester that you can get this dish and once you try it, you'll be thinking about it for days. What is it? DEEP FRIED PORK (yes, pork!) WINGS Aptly named "Pigs on the Wing," these culinary gems combine the convenience and noshability of classic Buffalo wings with the utter decadence and lip-smacking fattiness of pork ribs. While there were four different sauces to choose from, my purist palate selected the traditional buffalo sauce. To describe this dish as the perfect bar food is a gross understatement of Pigs on the Wing's greatness. To describe them as possibly the worst food in history for your heart is probably accurate. No one in their right mind would make this dish in their own home, let alone a restaurant, and that's what makes it special. The exterior has the same crispness that you would get from the skin of a perfectly fried chicken wing. The interior, however, melts in your mouth the way a slow-cooked, fall-off-the-bone rib does as soon as it touches your tongue, coating your entire mouth with melted collagen and liquefied pork fat. Unlike chicken wings, these pork wings have none of the sinew, veins, or chewy knobs of cartilage that you must navigate around in order to find an edible chunk of meat. Instead, they are ALL meat and when you are done, you're left with a single, clean bone to discard. Whoever is in charge of the food at Lovin' Cup should be inducted into the Culinary Hall of Fame, based on the size of his/her balls alone. Sure, the fondue lacked a lot of the accouterments to which I'm accustomed and the pizza was lackluster at best, but those things seem like flimsy tree branches trying to block out the blinding light emitted by that glorious pork dish. While I thought the modern, jazzy atmosphere was really, really cool and the service was great, I have to admit I would probably eat Pigs on the Wing out of a giant particle board box with the word "Resterunt" spray painted on the side and still give the place four stars. I'm just glad, for my heart's sake, that Lovin Cup isn't within walking distance of my house.
My husband and I discovered Lovin' Cup not that long ago and wish we had sooner. Their Chai Teas- hot or iced- are excellent. They have a large beer selection and the food is great and at a good price. We have had some of their sandwiches and wraps, all with clever names, which were great. So are their burgers and hot items. Will go back for sure a few more times before we move.
The jalapeno cheddar cheese soup was awesome.  This place never disappoints me.  I love when I get asked to guest speak at RIT so I can make a quick trip here before my drive back to Buffalo.
This dimly lit bistro indulges all the senses. Local talent takes the stage nearly every night to perform to a mixing-pot of people amped up on wickedly strong esspresso or wine and beer. I love the ever-changing local artwork that decorates the earth-tone walls. The staff here rocks, and sometimes literally (Willie plays a mean Keytar). Although it's part of the RIT campus the place doesn't often swarm with college students, but instead brings in all walks of life. I've met musicians, teachers, and lawyers there all in the same night. If you check out this place (which you should), I recommend not getting the esspresso past 9pm - it will keep you up until 7 in the morning! - but I do recomend trying Kind, the 3 Head Brewing Company beer on tap. It's the best new local frothy goodness - trust me.
The name would make you think this is a cafe, but it's a bar that serves coffee. It feels like a bar. It has zero ambiance. Nothing nice on the walls or tables. So if you want to go to a bar where you can have a cup of coffee, this is your place.
Our waitress was rude and could give a crap about serving us. took our order, gave me my beer, didn't ask if i wanted a glass, i actually did.  not going to review the food because we only got some simple snacks which were fine.  but the blue cheese dressing was bad.  watery, bland and no visible signs of blue cheese anywhere. Also we ordered nachos only to be told they were out of chips???? odd, early on a Saturday night, really? After about 20 minutes a really nice guy came over to let us know the waitress left abruptly, my guess, fired or quit.  He was our waiter for the rest of the evening and he was great.  Had we had the b***h all night, i would have spoken to the manager and probably never returned and i never do stuff like that!  so over all we had a really nice evening.
I'm not 100% sure what the name of this place means?  I thought it might be an Asian soup bar, but it's not.  It's a great place for lunch with reasonable prices.  The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff seemed friendly.  I ordered the Ty Cobb Salad which barely had any lettuce (call me crazy for expecting more).  There was a ton of bacon, cheese, olives, etc.  I'll definitely be back to Lovin' Cup to explore their creative menu.
What's not to love about Lovin' Cup? Their ambiance is young and trendy, they almost always have live music or a fun event happening, the food is plentiful and the prices are reasonable.  Being a student at RIT, I have eaten here for my fair share and taken many other people there as well.  I love that the names of the menu items are all song titles and that you get so much food, especially with the salads!  All the food I've had there is tasty, flavorful and well prepared.  The wine list is also diverse enough to offer a good selection of pairings for your meal, but should you want a mixed drink, the bartenders are also well trained and I've never been disappointed in my countless visits. This place is also very diverse.  They have a free wine tasting every first Wednesday of the month which is always awesome, but they also have karaoke, and jazz nights as well. Overall, it's a great place to meet friends for a drink, bring a business client for lunch or unwind to some live music with dinner.
What a cool spot! Pack an appetite b/c you're going to want to try everything!
Lovin' Cup is a great place to go with a few friends even on a week night for some live entertainment, good food, and good selection of drinks.  Pizza, sandwiches, soups, salads, and panini's.  There could be a little more seating.  I love the food, it's fresh and delicious.  Their menu items have crazy/cute names, which makes the dining experience interesting and fun as well.  They have live music, contests, and comedians weekly.  I only had one experience where we waited a VERY long time for a waitress to come over after we sat down, and it was NOT busy. But overall, It's a good pick.
Forgot to update my last review... The new menues arrived.  The food only gets better.  It's been a while since I've been in and I find myself missing this place.  Feels like home when I'm there.  Cheers!
A truly unique and fun bar/coffee shop/live music venue in Rochester. First off, Leslie and Erik (owners/managers) are ingenious marketers with a grueling work ethic. So you've got that. But add in an awe-inspiring iron wine rack, beautiful bar with craft beer, great food, sweet events and live music - there's really something for everyone. Too frequently, places like Lovin Cup that try to do everything at once aren't successful. Not in this case. This is the best coffee shop-bar fusion in Rochester, hands down no contest! Check it out. Its not exactly super budget friendly but the food and drink are good. Get the anthologie pizza!!!
At first glance the menu seems like the usual: apps, salads, soups, paninis, hot/cold sandwiches.  Just start reading the descriptions and  you will be in for a pleasant surprise!  A great  example is one of their gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches called Robots Rock - fig, prosciutto, spinach and goat cheese. My companion had this at our last visit and could not say enough about it!  Lovin Cup is vegetarian friendly with several choices! I had a Flat Beat - a veggie panini with grilled zucchini, summer squash, portabello mushrooms,spinach, and sundried tomato pesto, topped with provolone cheese. The panini was perfectly grilled. The mix of flavors was just phenomenal! Their soups are all homemade and available for takeout by the pint.  I love the Tomato, Spinach, Feta soup!  Service has been topnotch every time we've been. The atmosphere is a lot of fun. We usually go on Tuesdays which is open mic night. The decor is very cool.....metal sculpted tables and student artwork throughout.  BTW, it's not just a college hangout. I've seen people of all ages. Lovin Cup is an undiscovered Rochester treasure!
Great place to hang out. Great music, friendly staff and top notch food for amazing prices. Great selection of beer too including their house brew "Foxy Lady." Mostly college kids but a good mix of older people too. Not at all a typical "college bar" though. This is a place you could take your parents or kids to and not feel embarrassed.
Went on a Friday night around 7pm for dinner. The tables were not that busy and we were seated right away. We waited over 10 min. For a server to show up and were disappointed in the fact that other servers were waiting on the other tables, holding conversations with other employees....but not coming to help us out. We watched a table seated 5min. after us get served while waiting. Once we got a server the experience was great, friendly service, excellent drinks, food was great. Will be back based on the service /food, but would recommended a little better organization on tables/ wait time for a server.
Came here with 2 other people. The drinks were good, but the service was terrible. Our bartender was cold and sullen. When the bill came, we found that the price did not match what was printed in the menu. Additionally, it was much too loud. We came on on a live music night, and as soon as the band began playing, all conversation became impossible due to the head-crushing noise.
Really impressive place. The food has been consistently great every time I go, and the coffee is some of the best I've had. I work nearby and having a place this good open up last year was a nice little surprise.
Great Coffee, pizza, sandwhiches. Great atmosphere! I have gone a few times when there are performances. 80's night was a blast! The clientele can range from college students and young professionals to family groups.  Only negative was that once we showed up to have dinner and did not know that they were going to have a band 2 hours later, and we were still charged an entry fee.. Next time we will check to see if they are having any entertainment before heading there for dinner.
I came here several times and I still have mixed reviews about this place. Sometimes, the service can be a bit slow: the waitress took forever to get back to us with the check and forgot things here and there. Food wise, Lovin' Cup does offer delicious meals at good prices. I love how they also have a lot of events; whether it is open mic or karaoke, Lovin Cup has a fun, hip, and relaxing ambiance to it.
I've always had a great time here!  There is a good variety of options for vegetarians (like me!) and the pricing is worth the quality of the food.  Service can be a little slow, but it's party of the atmosphere.
This is my FAVORITE bar in the entire world right now. I have been coming here since it first opened. I am a "local" at this place. The environment is great, the managers are AMAZINGLY friendly, the food is REALLY good (their trademark is the "hot for teacher" sandwich -a must try if you go here for food), and their beer/wine is always great. They have a really good beer selection and a good wine selection. They do events every day at this bar, and there is never a boring moment here. THUMBS UP ALL THE WAY. This is my favorite bar EVER.
Love the environment! While I waited for my dinner guest, I got a drink at the bar- he was helpful and good with suggesting drinks. He went out of his way to seat us outdoors and tell us the specials-I thought he was our waiter- unfortunately he wasn't . We had a gal who was slow and forgot to bring drinks or at least it seemed so because she would return to the table once or twice without drinks. The fried pickles were good and hot. Our salads were heavy on the white spine part of the romaine. For the less than fab salads and the slow service we lowered the stars. I've been here before and would have given higher marks. Today was maybe an off day.
Just added a new seating room! It's great! A great local bar to just get coffee / sit at the bar and have drinks / meet with friends / hear great music etc. Always check on the website to see what is happening there that night...always something different!
Very convenient coffee place. There's always something happening at night. It's very comfortable and there's plenty of tasty menu items to choose from. A good college hang-out.
Great food, nice wine selection, super convenient location, gracious and friendly staff.
Like the concept, although I am left feeling confused: is this a corporate setting? Bar? Coffee shop? Music club? Sports bar? Maybe a little of all of those things. I would of given more stars but every time I come here the bar service is subpar with a rude coating at best.
I have only gone here for lunch. The food was awesome. The potential for night life is there and hear nothing but great stories from my friends.
A favorite restaurant of mine in Rochester! I went to RIT, so I frequently went to Lovin' Cup to get my most favorite sandwich - "Hot for my Teacher"! It is nice place to hang out with family & friends but it can get packed fast! I recommend this restaurant to all who visit Park Point @ RIT.
Very unique and great food
Haven't had a bad meal here. Great atmosphere and great cheeseburgers.
While our waitress was very friendly, upbeat, etc., the food was mediocre at best.  I ordered the Anthology pizza - fig jam, apples, caramelized onions and bleu cheese.  The problem was the onions were merely steamed - not caramelized at all.  They were still purple!  So there was no sweetness coming from the onion, instead, raw onioin-y taste which overpowered everything on the pizza (and the crust was NOT good - quite tasteless and on the thick side - blech).  So our waitress was kind enough to take it back, and off the bill.  So I asked her for the Deep Purple - an eggplant parmesan panini with provelone.  And that is all it was.  Tasteless bread, thin, sad slices of eggplant which tasted nothing like eggplant and only of a fryer and some cheese.  No fresh basil, no tomato, not even salt and pepper!  It was just really boring and sad.  A sad sandwich.  Too bad.  I won't be returning.  I don't get the hype.
