completely and utterly obsessed with the chicken meatballs, especially when topped with the parmesean cream sauce.  i dream about them on a regular basis.
Very cool bar food menu consisting of almost only meatballs (classic, spicy chicken, chorizo, and veggy) with a number of delectable sauces and cheese on a ciabatta slider, hero, or by themselves. I didn't get a chance to experience the bar side of things (it was a Monday night around 6pm) but for a quick bite, it's one of the better ones.
Whoa this place is great!  Came here for the first time the other night and I learned that 1. they have frequent live music or a DJ.  The bartender assured me it's not fist pumpin' house music--it's like your friend who's really into gangster rap or 50's music puts on his ipod and let's it rip 2. the bartenders are super friendly 3. They are known for their balls.  You choose your "meat" (they have vegetarian "meat" too) then a sauce and create your own ball delicacy.  Can  you please order a Chicken French ball?  It's such an adorably Rochester thing to do 4.  They are normally much busier than they were when I was in (a friday night!) it was dead.  The atmosphere was a little lacking but I have no doubt it was just an off night.  The place seems like it could get really hoppin with some music. Will be back very soon
Meatballs have found a new life in the last few years as a comfort food that could be "elevated" and in some larger cities there are full restaurants that focus exclusively on the meatball arts. Here in Rochester, Jesse Hanus recently wrote a meatball Round Up for the City Newspaper that highlighted six places that serve up some of the best balls in town which included the Skylark Lounge. They have been open since 2011 in the East End off of Union Street with a menu that is completely focused on the meatball with only a few sides that diverge from the core. Before I dive into the details about the food, I'd like to comment on the atmosphere of Skylark. My previous visit was during the Best Busker event last summer and it was so packed that the wait to sit down for food was too long to handle. Definitely overloaded from the influx of people and it seemed like a tough place to get good service, but our recent trip completely turned around any misconceptions I might have had. We sat at the bar and were treated really well by the bartender and ended up having some good conversation with a couple of the other people there. I don't end up frequenting bar-centric places often, but I can totally see this as a neighborhood hangout spot due to the pleasant music selection, the stage for live performers and the cheap prices. On to the balls! I visited the bar for dinner (before the City Paper article came out coincidentally) and sampled the entire menu that evening in the form of sliders and even got a side of the potato balls for the sake of completeness. The bread used for all the sliders was a perfect cross between a ciabatta and a traditional slider roll and they were heavily toasted adding a strong textural crunch to the affair. Overall, the balls were successful across a wide spectrum of flavor profiles. The traditional stayed right with the Italian style with a beef forward flavor including some fresh herbs and we chose to pair it with the tangy, chunky marinara sauce and some mozzarella cheese. It hit a lot of the classic meatball sandwich notes with the acidity from the sauce, the well melted cheese and the tenderness of the ball itself. The Asian special struck me a perfect replication of the inside of a steamed pork dumpling flavored with the sweet, tangy dipping sauce that typically accompanies them. There was enough scallion to cut through the sweet and salt and with the bread successfully substituting for the dumpling wrapper, it was my favorite of the night. The BBQ pork ball was the biggest surprise because it wasn't just a sweet BBQ sauce and the sandwich struck a balance between the sweet and tangy parts of the sauce and the crunchy, creamy cole slaw. I typically dislike cole slaw due to the influx of mayo involved (I hate mayo in general) but it worked in this context. The black bean topped with a lightly spicy remoulade was the better of the two vegetarian options even though it was more of a patty than a ball. The patty itself had good seasoning and the remoulade was potently acidic in a way that made the sandwich pop. The eggplant ball was a fried affair that wasn't bad by any means but the dominant elements was the spinach instead of the eggplant itself. The red pepper sauce was creamy and had some chunks in it as well to accent the milder base. The only real failure for me was the chicken ball that we paired with the pesto sauce. The hot sauce inside of the ball pushed around the white meat base that didn't offer much taste on it's own. By itself I wasn't a fan. The overly creamy pesto sauce was also a bit of a disappointment since we could barely taste the basil or garlic and it didn't offer any of the boldness from the other sauces that we tried.  Not the best pairing either, but that is completely our fault and I can't blame them for our bad ideas! The side of deep fried potato balls were the equivalent of a large potato croquette with a crunchy breading and a filling of creamy, well flavored mashed potatoes. The smooth mashed potatoes complete with skins, fresh herbs would have been well worth eating on their own and the accompanying parmesan sauce was lightly cheesy and just damn tasty. Highly recommended especially if you have a larger group to split them up since they are a bit on the heavy side. Value wise, each of the sliders were $2 each (cheese was a 50¢ adder on the traditional) and between the six sandwiches and the potato balls we were plenty full with a total bill with tip around $20. This is some of the best straight up bar food I've found in Rochester and at a very reasonable price to boot. I'd put it right up there with the food at Acme when it comes to places that are bars first and I'm looking forward to visiting for some more balls soon! P.S. I think that was enough "balls" references, eh? For pictures and comments check out this review on my website, Food About Town!
Meatballs, metal sporks & amazing drinks, Skylark has it all. This bar is becoming one of my favourite drinking destinations in the ROC.
Came in for a drink and stayed for the hip atmosphere and meatballs.
I've been to Skylark a handful of times now and it's a GREAT find. The art on the walls/the decor is cool, lots of indoor seating, there's a back porch for nicer weather. The food is excellent - the meatballs are fantastic (I love the classic beef with the pesto) and the fried mashed potato balls are out of this world. They have live music on weekends, it usually starts around 9/10. The acoustics make it hard to carry on a conversation once the bands start playing, but if you're there for the band you're probably more interested in listening than talking. Before the music it's a nice quiet place to hang out. The bartenders have always been really cool, very nice, and the bar has a nice selection of drafts (some of which are awesome craft beers!)
Skylark, I'm into you. The meatball slider is a win. Toasted and buttered ciabatta rolls. Ohhh yeahhh. I loved the roasted red pepper sauce on the pork sausage meatball. Great combo with a subtle kick of heat. Then, there's the fried mashed potatoes. Come on! How do you perform such magic? Perfect crispy crusting on the outside and fluffy mashed potatoes on the inside. I also popped in here for some music and dancing so I can vouch that it's a pretty fun music venue spinning records. When we were there the DJ was rocking a 1950s theme and we had fun with it. Although, we were the only peeps on the dance floor for the time being. Grab yourself a PBR or a Genesee brew and have some fun. P.S. Happy Hour deal alert! $3 for a meatball slider & can of Schmidt's beer.
Wow! How has Skylark been hiding these delicious meatballs from me? Seriously, these need to be advertised better. While at Roc Brewing a few doors down disappointed by the lack of (promised) food trucks, I walked over to Skylark with a friend to get some food to go. A meatball menu was placed in front of us. This place knows what they do well. 1. Choose the sandwich type: sub, sandwich(?), or slider 2. Choose your meatball: traditional, spicy chicken, pork, or veggie (they also have a special, which was black bean that day) 3. Choose your sauce: Marinara, parmesan cream, roasted red pepper, or pesto(?) 4. Not actually a step, but pick a side. And pick the fried mashed potato balls. I ordered the traditional meatball slider with parmesan cream sauce and a side of the potato balls with roasted red pepper sauce. Brought these back to Roc City (they don't mind outside food) and *devoured* them. Juicy, flavorful, and a little bit of a kick (not sure which dish the kick came from). The bread was soft and chewy, and toasted to perfection. Also approve of the meat to bun ratio. A perfect (light) meal for two (my friend got a slider and we split the side) for $7 and change. Not sure what else Skylark has to offer, but I'll at least be back for the tasty balls. Meat and potato, that is.
Spicy chicken meatballs with red pepper sauce. Deep fried mashed potatoes with creamy Parmesan sauce, creamed spinach and all with a spork. Amazing food. Beautiful space. My new favorite place.
Time for balls at Skylark Lounge! We ordered the traditional meatball slider with parmesan cream and a special slider - spicy black bean ball with lime cilantro remoulade. We also ordered fried mash potato balls with roasted red pepper sauce. Hey, they sounded fun. We received everything at once. I was instructed to smash my ball inside the ciabatta roll. Did so and bit in. Delicious. I'm a sucker for simple delicious fried food especially when they have crunchy outer shells. Brings out my inner kid. I was pleased with my black bean choice. Overall, great food. Looks like I'll have to hunt down something similar in Denver. And, to save on silverware, I think metal sporks on the way to go. Now, if only I could find a metal spork with a knife edge. 3 in 1!
The Skylark is a long overdue and welcome extension to the Rochester bar scene. Herman Gatto is a genius. I've enjoyed every trip to this hip joint. I'd love to see more music here... it's a great room. Will the Skylark become a future Jazz Fest venue? It's not too far off the beaten path... will see. I'm going to add som e pics from shows I've attended there. And *YES* get the meatballs...
Looking for a comfortable, laid-back place to have some beer with your friends and maybe get an inexpensive and delicous bite to eat? Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the Skylark. The Skylark is a bit "off the beaten path" as it lies in between several well-known districts, and right alongside the often ignored service road along the inner Loop. And for good reason, until recently, you only traveled through this area if you were on your way to someplace else. Now this is the destination. I stumbled across this place as I was making my way to Roc Brewing Co. (their tasting room is just down the block). It looked like a fun place, so I made a mental note to come back another night to check it out. A couple weeks later two friends and I ventured out to check out the Skylark. We scoped out their web site and were intrigued by the meatball menu. We got there around 8:00 on a Friday, which is the early quiet time for this place. There were a few patrons at the bar, we decided to take over one of the side tables. My friends and I agreed that the place was very well designed and thought out. Booths far away from the noise of the main bar and stage, a long bar, a well-placed stage and dancefloor, and all very tastefully decorated. Indie-post-punk-retro? Whatever you call it, the decor is not over done, in fact, it's very restrained (this is a place where it would be very easy to go overboard with retro kitsch). The crowd ranged from indie-twenty-somethings to the "we still go out and have fun" thirty-and-forty-somethings. People watching is great fun as different crowds come and go. A nice selection of beers on tap, and in bottles and cans. All the usual suspects and here (check their web site for the latest on tap). We perused the menu and prepared our plan of attack. My friend opted for the spicy chicken balls, which he got as a hero (three balls to a sandwich). My other friend and I opted for three "slider" sandwiches (same price as the hero) so we could try more varieties. I ordered one "Traditional" (beef) with marinara sauce and provolone; one spicy chicken with parmesan cream sauce, and one pork with roasted red pepper sauce. Absolutely the best little savory sandwiches I ever had. Each one is assembled on a grilled and buttered cibatta roll. Each one was amazing in its own way, and the sauces were the perfect compliment to each one. Vegetarians, fear not, they offer a veggie ball as well as deep-fried mashed potato balls (I didn't get to try either). I think it would cheapen the experience to call the Skylark "a little bit of hipster heaven in Rochester." Listen, if enjoying good selection of well-priced beers with a tasty, savory meatball sandwich makes me a hipster, then put me on the next bus to Williamsburg. Skylark is great and we'll definitely be back.
I have been into Skylark twice recently and they have both been mediocre experiences. I have not tried the food yet, so this review is for the nightlife aspect of the business. The first time I went in there was burlesque show going on. It seemed like a fun and interesting crowd. I am impressed with the music in the jukebox, and played by the DJs. The DJ last night was awesome but the crowd was lame and didn't want to dance. They have a very good beer selection, especially on tap...but what made last night's event pretty bad for me was that I ordered several cocktails and they were very skimpy on the liquor. Normally all I need is 1-2 drinks and I am all set but my friends were experiencing the same thing. We left after 4 drinks sober and clear as day. I will go back and give it another chance but I won't be getting anything with liquor in it.
What guy doesn't fantasize about opening a bar with his friends?  If I opened my own place, I'd serve Genny Cream Ale, bring in a couple of arcade games, buy a deep fryer, and hang a funny picture of my buddy Garrett right behind the bar. Cue Skylark.  From the beer selection to the incredible build-your-own-$2-meatball sandwiches (veggie balls, too!), this is exactly what my future-bar looks like. It's comfortable, laid-back, and inexpensive.  There are pinball machines. It's a great place to post up for three or four hours and see who wanders in. Plus, the "What's the broo-secret?" sign is endlessly hilarious and always conjures up a smirk or two.  Sorry, Garrett, you'll have to wait for yours.
Do not be fooled, unlike me. This is not really a lounge. Its a very small dive bar with live music. When I showed up I was confused, however just stopping in for a drink and a quick bite was a great idea. Awesome service and balls! The best balls I've ever had, chicken pork and mashed potatoes. Mmmmmmm Every sauce was amazing but I'd have to agree with the popular vote. The cream sauce goes best with the balls.
Four words: fried mashed potato balls. If the delicious variety of meatballs and excellent sauce selection wasn't enough, Skylark pulls out the big guns with this wicked side dish. Everything you order is served fresh, hot, and cooked to absolute perfection. Accompany your succulent balls with one of the beers on tap for an absolutely cosmic combination.
For the past couple months I've heard over and over, "You have to try the meatballs at Skylark!" Well I did tonight. Not terribly impressed. I tried a chicken and a pork meatball, both with the pesto sauce - both so-so. For all the hype I was expecting the quality of homemade Italian-mother style balls - meatballs that is. Tonight happened to be the Roc City Pro Jam which was great as usual. I do love Skylark as a venue for the event. The huge dangling disco ball and neon lights swirling around the room really pull you into the music and gets the crowd pumped. I'd love to come back another non-jam night and see what's it's all about. Next time I'll order a foamy draft - hold the balls.
A cool place with a lot of fun flavors of meat balls and affordable drinks. They have live shows and dj's as well and a back yard for those looking for some fresh air or for smokers. A great additions to the Rochester bar scene.
I love love love love love LOVE the deep fried mashed potatoes at Skylark. Get them with the parmesan cream sauce. You will not regret this. It's the most amazing savory treat in the city. Oh yeah, the meatballs are across-the-board excellent as well. It's a great concept, well-executed, which is a rarity in Rochester. My eyes light up at the thought of going here for eats. The scene is, well, a little sceney. But the owners do their best to make this a homey place, attractive to all crowds, so it is never overwhelming.
Skylark is a great venue for stuff: burlesque shows, bands, etc. The atmosphere is alternative but not in the pretentious way. They carry pounders of Genny Cream and often have craft brews on tap. They've also had Spaten on tap, which is a favorite of mine. Oh yeah... they make meatballs. Gotta love meatballs! They aren't the Meatball Shop in Manhattan but are pretty good still.
Feelin' a little too old to be hanging out at the Bug Jar?  You're not alone.  Herman and Co. started this little joint on South Union.  Great food, a bangin' back patio, and a proper stage.  After living as a Rochester expat in NYC for five years, I wish the bars in Brooklyn were as nice and affordable as Skylark.  What am I saying?  No I don't!  I'm thrilled Rochester has a place as awesome as Skylark!
We hit up Skylark after some new tattoos. Balls and booze, seriously you can't go wrong there.  Mashed potato balls? Seriously what more can I say!?  Super affordable eats!!
Stopped in a couple weeks ago with a few friends to see Greg Townson play on an early evening. It is hard to believe this place used to be Muthers! The place looks great. I asked if they had any happy hour drink specials, nope. :( We did try the meatball trio and side which was pretty good. Will come back again.
WOW! ROCHESTER, YOU NEED TO GET ON YOUR YELPING GAME! you are gonna let a philadelphian write the first review????? haha. good thing i loved it!!!!!!!!!!! what more could you ask for? good beer, meatballs outta this world, and dance party!!!!!!! skylark would be my go-to if i lived in rochester!!!!!!!!
Skylark is amusing. You should try it. The whole place is kind of one long, endearing sarcastic smile and you'll come away from it just feeling...entertained. The bartenders are funny and laid-back. The craft beer selection is perfect for a self-effacing hipster joint (are those oxymorons?). It's like indie-retro before it became "cool." The meatballs are ingenious and truly a testament to the idea that if you choose ONE product and SELL IT WELL, you can be more successful than a place that offers mediocre variety. I've tried the chicken and the pork with both the buffalo and cream sauce respectively and thought they were really tasty for bar food. The fried mashed potato balls taste like potato croquettes at fancy restaurants that pop up on your plate next to $50-dollar steaks. The stage is well-positioned, not too close to the bar, and the hanging disco balls are a funny nod to the drag queens who went before. A great addition to Rochester.
yeah...went in for a drink...fired back maybe four meatballs...jeeeeeez they are yummy.  great place.
