Wonder where the other reviewers shopped. My experience here was excellent.  Was greeted at the door by an employee putting carts away.  One star. Browsed and asked a billion and a half questions to which one particular young lady graciously answered each time.  I was in the store for over two hours and the staff were amazing.  They looked at the pictures for my projects and helped me find everything I needed. 3 stars. Store was not crowded and my wait to cash out was less than 5 minutes. Last star.   I may have lucked up but this was a great experience for me.   I'm a fan.
I really hate shopping locally. Parking lots are busy, lines are always long, and customers are so rude. Once they re-did this store last year, it just seems to be even more crowded...and the holidays are just starting!!! I need another alternative, but if we had an AC Moore, I'd just expect the same.
Great selection and store is maintained quite neat compared to other Michael's. Love variety and ease of shopping, when I have visited haven't had too much trouble withy the line- parking lot is always pretty busy.
Michaels always has a bunch of people in it, guess cuz a bunch of housewives shop here. I am not ashamed to admit I come here. Where else can you get these frames? I get a lot of posters and they have various okay-priced poster frames of many sizes! If you have a Target close to you, the poster frames are cheaper there, but sometimes going all the way to Target isn't practical around this area. Any time I had a school project I'd come to Michaels and somehow find something incredible for it. Gotta build a solar system out of styrofoam balls? Got it. Build a bridge out of popsicles. Got it. Really anything you need. You'll ace it. Ace is so hard. So yeah, I'm a guy and shop at Michaels. Deal with it. I'm breaking barriers. And acing life.
I like Michaels.  For a chain craft store, they tend to be pretty good for beads and most other items.  There's a definite lack of customer service at this location, except for one particular store manager who's been very helpful.  And the magazine selection sucks.  They have lots of sales and specials, though, and some reeeeeally pretty Swarovski crystal beads.  Here's a tip: if you can't find the color of seed bead you're looking for in the bead section, try the embroidery section.  They have Mill Hill brand seed beads, in these little 4.25-gram packages.  They're regular Japanese seed beads, in a MUCH larger variety of colors than the ones in the bead section! Their yarn selection is pretty good, though it depends what you're looking for.  I'm a fan of Lily Sugar 'N Cream yarn, of which they have quite a bit.  It's also a good place for other cheaper yarns, like Red Heart yarns and Caron yarns.  If you're looking for the fancy stuff, go elsewhere.  They also have a pretty good selection of pattern booklets and books, at least if you are just browsing and don't know exactly what book/booklet you are looking for ahead of time.  I've gotten some nice surprises there. If you're going to Michaels, or if you just think you might, check your local newspaper for coupons.  They often have coupons for 40 or 50% off one item.  They also do framing, and have coupons for that as well.
For people like me this is a dangerous store.  I'm talking about the kind of people who loves to take on projects but does not possess the time, the money, the space nor the will to finish.  Thanks to Michael's I have enough supplies to entertain a retirement home for months.   It's their fault for carrying everything from painting supplies, to crochet needles, to yarn to baskets and frames.. buttons.. fake flowers..... you get the point. They have everything. Also a convenient parking lot.  This is now officially the only arts and crafts store in the area, so the prices are not competitive but affordable so long as you don't turn into a craft junky and decide to start on quilting just because you have a boring blanket.
Why does this store always have the LONGEST line at the cash register ever? I love the selection but avoid going here because they seem SO understaffed. They redid the store recently which is nice. I used to see lots of shoplifting evidence in the bead department which seems to have dissipated (completely cleared out racks OR bead blatantly clipped out of their packaging- trashy much?) Their framing department also takes forever. Don't forget your coupons!
If you can manage to block out the mind-numbing elevator music at Michael's you might find some great arts and crafts supplies. They have any kind of glue you can imagine, an extensive bead section, great stickers and scrap book supplies, fake flowers and a really good fabric dye selection.. I love the section of bins filled with items for a dollar. Good stocking stuffers or last minute gift ideas. Anticipate a very long, slow, torturous line so don't go when you're in a rush or you have to pee..( they do have a bathroom there). If you need a craft supply then Michael's will be the place to find it at a decent price!
I like to go to Michaels for picture frames,  glass vases, or decorative river rocks for the vases.  Basically, when I don't want to spend twice as much at Pier One, I go to Michaels.  The downside of Michaels is the past couple of times I've been there, the employees are not helpful at all.  In fact, when checking out, I say "hello" to the cashier, "thanks," and "have a nice day" without her even ever acknowledging me or uttering a word in return.  Nice customer service, eh?
I really like this store.  You can find almost all the craft needs you may have.  The reason I am not giving 5 star is that there are not many staff to help.   Someone the other day came and screaming at the casher line saying that they are selling "fake glass" etc - well, do not think of this as a store like a Sur La Table, Chef's Central, Pier 1 or something ---- it is a craft store!!!
I really love this store. Whenever I have any crafting needs I head over to Michaels. I can easily spend an over an hour just thinking of kinds of crafts to make. There is a large selection of inventory at this location. They have yarn in many different colors, all types of painting and drawing materials, children's crafts, and materials to create your own shirts. I personally like their scrap booking section and their cake decorating materials. The scrap book stickers are categorized by theme which I find very helpful. They recently changed the layout, and though the line is still long it seems to move faster than before.
Worst store I ever went to.  Nobody should shop here.  They are rude and inconsiderate and have virtually nothing in stock.  Horrible, horrible place.  I called up in advance to find out if they had something I needed for my kids art project.  I told them it was for my childs art project and that I was driving 45 minutes to get there.  They told me they have item in stock and I should come over.  When i got there they didn't have any of the items and the manager told me they dont even carry item and then when I complained about it they said tough, nothing they could do now.  I guess your kid is going to fail.  They were rude and basically laughed at me.  The manager wouldn't take any responsibility.  They seem to take pleasure in screwing over customers like it's all one big joke to them.  On the date that I was looking for this it was a Sunday so I couldn't turn around and find some other place.  I hope this store closes and this company goes bankrupt.  The people who work here don't deserve to hold jobs.  The Michaels chain has always had a horrible reputation, now I see why.  Avoid this store at all costs.  You will definitely regret coming there.  I don't even want to give them one star but I can't post this unless I do.
Why is this place so badly managed!  There is always, always an excessively long line!  The store is also poorly stocked.  I just don't get it.
