This museum was well worth the trip; the exhibits were varied, well presented, and relevant (two Olympic-themed exhibits this time). On a Sunday it was relatively quiet and admission was very affordable. Parking is free.
Holding a private function during the day for hours, in this case a board of trustees catered luncheon, turning away a number of visitors from seeing the Roz Chast exhibit which closes this week is odd.  This sort of private event should have been held after hours. The number of people who were told to come back in several hours were all very annoyed. One man was rounding up visitors to make sure people would write the board and complain. To not post this inconvenience on the website shows a great lack of regard for visitors, especially those from out of town like myself.  It also is insulting to the artist.  I will not be returning and will certainly not recommend this museum.
After my second visit to the Bruce, my review had to go from a 5 to a 4, which is still pretty good.  Everything positive I thought the first visit still stands: -Friendly security staff -Amazing collection of gemstones, minerals, fossils, and other natural history items -Well curated revolving fine art exhibits -Excellent signage and interactive displays, especially for small children However, this visit was accompanied by an "I'm miserable therefore I want you to be miserable" receptionist.  She was not very pleasant to me, my guests, or other visitors that came in, granted those other visitors were pushy and entitled who wouldn't wait until their turn.  But as a museum member, I was a bit shocked that she was kind of snappy. Other than that though, the Bruce doesn't disappoint and is located in a beautiful building on a hill.
I was at the Bruce Museum during their Tour of the Olympics exhibit.  It was very well done.  There were items on display from both the classic and modern games.  It also highlighted extraordinary athletes in fairly elaborate detail.  It did have a couple items to get your hands on; I was able to grab a javelin and a discus to get an idea of how heavy they are. Parking was a breeze; there are plenty of spaces.  The main draw for me was the Olympics exhibit, but the museum does offer traditional exhibits of local life and art.  It did not interest me nearly as much as the Olympics section did, but it was nice.
Robert the, Wayne, Banner, Willis, Cousin...no, this museum does not focus on famous Bruces. However, that's quite all right as you'll find enough material here for a pleasant afternoon one level stroll. If visiting from the Metro North station, don't do as we did and walk all the way to 1 Museum Drive. Instead, while walking along Steamboat Road almost immediately past the I95 overpass, look for a set of stairs on the left side and proceed to take them. Otherwise, unless you are looking for extra exercise, you'll be walking by parking lots and ramps. The namesake of this museum is one Robert Moffat Bruce, a wealthy 19th century textfile merchant who left this property to Greenwich under the condition that it be used as a "natural history, historical, and art museum for the use and benefit of the public". (Perhaps Trump Tower will be deeded to NYC upon the Donald's passing and turn into a similarly erudite destination) Out of the three categories (natural history, historical and art), the Bruce's strength seems to be in the natural category. Once you enter and veer towards the right, you'll enter an exhibit on minerals, gems and geology. There's an illuminated minerals nook that turns dark to better showcase the glowing gems. Other points of interest include a small room that reproduces a Long Island Sound environment of crabs, sand and mussels. The historical part, at this particular time, was rather limited but I'm sure they have exhibits featuring historical humans as opposed to natural history alone. The art component is a current exhibit on the works of Gaston Lachaise, an early 20th century sculptor. If you ever wanted to see what the face of poet ee cummings looked like, you're in for a treat. He also loved what we would now consider big booty rap video super fly women, who are proportioned accordingly in bronze and other materials and would today appear in King magazine. Admission is $7 which seems a fair and equitable price for what is realistically an hour to hour and a half's worth of material to visit. (Maybe two if you read every single description) There's a small gift shop that sells various bric-a-brac, the most intriguing item of memory being soap in the shape of gems. Wash your face with amethyst! Those with children or who know children may find that the scope and size of this museum is just perfect for their attention span. I could see this as a gateway museum, a test run before launching into larger collections and spaces.
This is a very nice little museum. I would recommend 1.5-2 hours to explore, it is definitely not a stay-all-day museum. During the time I visited there was a "Dinosaurs of China" exhibit which was lots of fun for my daughter who loves dinosaurs. The permanent collections include some beautiful natural history displays, as well as some information on the history of the area. There was a large section devoted to geology which was very cool for kids who enjoy earth science. I took one star off because of the lady in the gift shop who shuffled my child and myself out nearly an hour before closing, and whom refused to tell us the way to the washroom - insisting "we are about to close". The rest of the employees were very friendly, however.
We finally decided to check this local museum out. Purely by chance we found the museum was hosting a craft show on the grounds,  which was really outstanding, excellent arts and crafts.  Prices were high but mainly fair, given the quality of the products.  The museum itself is small in a good way.  Today the Bruce had an exhibit of Connecticut impressionist painters, which I loved.  I also enjoyed  the exhibit of Ed Clark's photos. I am keeping this place on my radar.
Small museum in a gorgeous old building.  Nice collection of minerals.  I thought the exhibit focused on animal adaptation for living in the dark was somewhat underdone.  My 8-year old and I made it through the entire museum in a little over an hour.
I went to the  last weekend and had a truly wonderful time.  There was a brilliant exhibit on the Prints of Martin Lewis and they had a video running of how to make an etching and to transfer it over to a print.  I am a Fine Art major and I found this wonderful, a very nice little touch. There was also an exhibit of the Drawing by Rembrandt and his students and this was beautiful as well. There was a painting by Rembrandt called "Portrait of a Man with Arms Akimbo" on display and when I turned the corner to see it, it  took my breath away.  Amazing! The staff was very friendly and I loved the overall layout of the museum, there were nooks and crannies to explore around every corner.  The outside landscape was fun to explore too, I went on a beautiful fall day, so we had fun checking out all the sculptures outside. The gift store was very overpriced, but it is a gift store inside a museum...this comes to be expected. I can't wait to go again!
A wonderful little museum that puts on exhibits worthy of larger institutions. Try to get to "Innovations in the Third Dimension: Sculpture of Our Time" before it ends in May. I also enjoyed the mix of art (sculpture, theater sets) and science (dinosaurs,minerals) exhibits.
this is a very nice, smaller museum that is set down by the water in greenwich. it would make a nice day walking up and down greenwich ave checking out some shops, getting lunch and seeing whatever show is here. we came for the Walter Wick: Games, Gizmos and Toys in the Attic show and it was pretty neat stuff especially if you have seen any of his childrens books.  they also had a pretty interesting show of rocks if you are interested in geology it was worth seeing.
This is a Lovely museum, and  a great place to spend a few hours on a gloomy day. We visited when they had a special on Abraham Lincoln, and it was absolutely fabulous. A nice museum to wander around in..take your time, and enjoy. On the way there, drive down North Street...the houses are magnificent and bigger than life.
they had a VERMEER here!!!!!!   cool place
