This service here is atrocious. Confusion is the word. I went for breakfast and arrived at 10 AM with my family. Our order, which wasn't difficult to make took 50 minutes to arrive. I had pancakes, and although they were delicious, it took another 10 minutes for me to get some silverware. The waitresses always seem to be in a hurry - they never make eye contact when passing by your table - and they never ask if you need anything. What is most outrageous, is that although I ordered coffee I never received it. I asked three waitresses for coffee and waited and waited and waited. When I complained to my original waitress, rather than apologizing, she said the coffee was made by staff in the order it was taken and because it is such good coffee it takes four or five minutes. She walked off in a huff - never apologizing - but she did say my coffee would arrive at my table soon... Needless to say I never received my coffee.That is such a terrible thing for a restaurant not to give you coffee immediately when you sit down. the excuse that it is made in the French press is ridiculous - because I am willing to wait five minutes for coffee, but not 120 minutes!!!!!! It took another 15 minutes, after asking for it, just to get the check, and then of course they charge me for three pots of this delightful French press coffee which I never received. My lovely waitress never apologized and just took the check from me and handed it to the cashier for correction. The bottom line - I spent two hours with my family for breakfast, and never received coffee. No one seems to care. The family adjacent to our table started to complain to us about how lousy the service was and rhat everything arrived cold. The dishes aren't that complicated. Beware! Although the food isn't bad, the experience is just awful. I am sure the coffee is good, but I never got to taste it. The chairs against the wall are uncomfortable as they are benches are very narrow and resemble church pews. The outdoor seating is lovely, but it is very hard to get a seat. The place seems to be run by older teens or very young immature adults with dreadlocks and nose rings and bright orange hair. The ambience is a coffeehouse from the late 60s early 70s, but with little decor. I have no reason to understand why they call this the Art Café as the art on the wall is fairly basic and lame,  and the food certainly isn't artfully prepared. if you are looking for a totally appalling experience where service staff just seem to bothered to help you, go to the Art Café.
Daniel... $4.34 for an almond croissant?  Are you crazy?  Like a fox.  The young ladies who lunch in Nyack certainly prefer it to the $3 version I seem to remember.  This place is just too precious.  I'm gonna miss it.  -Mike
Excellent Coffee and Lattes. Excellent Israeli / Mediterranean fare. For brunch, try the Shakshouka!  Yumm! Perfect outdoor seating (though there isn't much).
I live in Englewood Cliffs, which is 20 miles away. Downtown Manhattan is very close at 9 miles, in the other direction. But, nothing can beat a trip to Art Cafe. It is completely worth it. My first trip to Art Cafe was for the coffee, based on a friend's recommendation. And the coffee was truly fantastic. I was ready to give the place 5 stars based on the cappuccino alone. We didn't have time for lunch that day, but I did take note of the fact that the food looked really really good. I decided, then, that I would come back to sample their fare. My second experience at Art Cafe was somewhat of a dreamy experience. We came here for a late brunch at 2pm. Since it was our first visit for food, the very fine gentleman behind the counter, Dan, suggested strongly that we try the Sabich (boiled eggs, eggplant, etc in pita bread) and the Shashouska, poached eggs bathed in tomato sauce. Both recommendations were spot on. We absolutely loved the dishes. I was quite taken back by the amount of tomato sauce, in the Shashouska, but the sauce was not too tangy or sour, at all. And the poached egg had the perfect consistency. Let's just say that after I was done, I all but cleaned out the inside of the bowl. The Sabich was also fantastic. My date really enjoyed the diverse combination of  vegetables that went into it. The pita bread had a perfect bouncy texture and tasted great.  I actually ordered another piece of pita bread and had it by itself. No sauce! Art Cafe uses a lot of organic and fresh ingredients and it really shows. Unlike other breakfast places with heavier fare, Art Cafe did not please only your taste buds, it made you feel good altogether. After you're done, it feels like you just did your stomach and body a favor. And did I mention the cappuccino and the mochaccino? They were also amazing! Not burnt like your average Starbucks. Seriously If I could give this place 10 out of 5 stars, I would. I was still swooning about this place until the following morning. Great healthy food. Amazing coffee. Excellent and friendly staff. Art cafe is good for your soul.
4 stars for food but they really need to improve the seating situation! I called on MLK Day to try to make a reservation and a somewhat confused employee had to put me on hold and then said "we're not taking reservations.. today... I mean, we don't really do that.." but assured me there was "plenty of seating."  The website also said they had a bunch of expanded seating... but didn't mention it was all outside! So I showed up with 4 people and an infant.. They said the wait would be 20 minutes (usually places give you the absolute max so we thought we could handle 20 minutes no problem!).  But then we had to stand outside in the cold for about 15 minutes, then squished inside the foyer as soon as there was space.. for another 25 minutes.  It really took almost 45 minutes to be seated.  One of those situations where it's like... "do we leave at this point? we've already been waiting so long..." However!!!  Everyone was super nice and apologized profusely for the wait and thanked us for being patient.  They did their best to accomodate my best friend's stroller, baby, and the 5 of us adults by pushing together two of their tiny tables.  It took a couple awkward moments for us to get situated but, after that, it was very.. cozy.  This the perfect spot for a date or brunch with a friend but I really wouldn't recommend for a large group... nor people with strollers (or wheelchairs, or walkers, etc) That being said, the food was very delicious.  We ALL couldn't resist getting malawaches and my Lebanese fiancee was happy to see labneh on the menu too.  Their tea selection is pretty amazing and they serve it in the cutest teapots and cups.  :) I don't know if I'd say "best brunch I ever had" but lots of Yelpers seem to be feeling that way...so maybe Art Cafe needs to expand their seating even a little bit more...or take reservations?
Great food- The Malawach is my favorite at this little Israeli cafe that does everything well but noise. I've eaten a dozen items on the menu and been pleased and sometimes thrilled with my food and coffee but it is over-the-top noisy in there and I'm not sure why. I either eat outside at one of their garden tables or take my food to the river to enjoy.
Turkish Coffee that brought me right back to a trip to Israel.  Food was great!   Coffee Baristas are REALLY GOOD at their craft.
So happy that a place like this exists... both vegetarian and Israeli, with foods that you can't find easily anywhere in the U.S., like mallawach and burekas. And their iced mocha was among the better ones I've had, very rich and creamy even though it was just 2% milk. If I'm being stingy with a star, it's mainly because some of the offerings were less than stellar (e.g., rugelach, chocolate chip muffin) and some of the modifications to Israeli recipes were in the "wrong" direction (e.g., side salad with too much bland lettuce, instead of more traditional "chunky" veggies such as cucumber and peppers, a spicy, salsa-like sauce for the mallawach instead of the yummy tomato puree that is typical, and a burekas feta filling that is a bit too salty). But the space itself is delightful, and if you come when they're not too busy, it's even a nice place to relax and get some reading or work done.
I absolutely love this place ! The food is fresh and healthy. The authentic Israeli breads are beautiful... A wonderful tea selection as well !!!
The selection of croissants and pastries are top notch, however, it's the cappuccino that puts it over the top. A perfect blend of creamy, foamy, and beany.  For the afternoon crowd, there's a good selection of Middle Eastern salads and lunch items. The inside offers 20 cramped seats and Wi-fi is only promised at this writing. Looking forward to Spring and the outdoor seating.
versatile establishment. Their pastries are phenomenal
Amazing!  I cannot believe I have lived so close to this great little café for so many years, and have not visited until today. My friend and I made the trek from Suffern to Nyack for a late, Tuesday morning brunch.  We were greeted by a friendly host, who let us choose whether or not we wanted to sit at one of their few tables outside in the front, or inside in the back.  We chose the back, since it was a bit cooler and since we liked the interesting, artsy décor so much. Even though my friend and I arrived a few minutes after eleven (the time at which the special was supposed to end), our waitress was happy to give us the $5 deal: a combination of a pastry and any espresso-based beverage of any size.  She listed the different pastries, and I knew what I wanted when I saw her eyes grow large as she described about the chocolate-filled almond pastry.  Being both a chocolate and a nut fiend, I decided to go with it, and took her recommendation of getting it toasted.  I was not disappointed in the least; it was one of the best pastries I have had in a long time.  The crispy, sugar-powdered exterior was PERFECT for the gooey, chocolatey interior...in fact, I'm drooling a bit on my keyboard as I'm writing this. As for my cappuccino, it was easily the best I've had since my trip to Italy...a rich espresso base, topped by the perfect amount of foam with a beautiful design to boot. My friend thoroughly enjoyed his oatmeal, which came with fresh berries on top.  We also decided that it's the kind of place you MUST return to to try everything on the menu. Needless to say, I'll be returning sometime in the near future.
I go there any time I have time to spare in Nyack, or if I'm just in need for some good coffee. I love the atmosphere, and prefer to sit outside. The Shakshuka (an Israeli eggs dish) is one of the best I've had, consistently. The staff is very friendly, and the baristas excellent.
On average I'm here at Art Cafe at least once a week. The atmosphere and character of the place is so Secret Garden with plenty of private areas for you to escape to. The service is always great and prompt and the food is fresh and tasty with awesome vegetarian/vegan options. The hummus here is some of the best I have had! The malawach sandwiches are satisfying but a bit heavy. Hey, half for now half for lunch the next day! A very tasty dish for sure. Love coming here and unwinding and would recommend it for anyone looking for good food, good service and a little time to themselves.
I love Art Cafe. It is my go to weekend breakfast place. Beautiful old Victorian house next to the library. The food is so unique and inventive. The service is consistent. There is something for everyone. I absolutely love the seasoned eggs in a pita. So simple but so good. the herbs, seasonings, and salt are just the perfect addition to perfectly scrambled eggs and it's all tucked in to a pita. It's the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had. The shakshooka (sp?) is delicious. Seasoned tomato sauce with eggs. It's a little spicy but it's just perfect on a cold morning. The tables are tiny and some of the mismatched chairs are uncomfortable if you want to sit and linger for a while. The lemony minty water and olives on the table are such a nice touch. Though I have never had any of it, the pastries look delicious. The coffee and tea selection are great. I usually get their regular coffee which is very strong but occasionally I enjoy the brewed chai tea with a splash of milk. My boyfriend is a fan of their smoothies. It's just a great place.
My husband and I were visiting from out of town and we happened upon this quaint little place and decided to pop in because it looked so inviting. All I can say is wow!!   We both happen to be Israeli and with all the Middle Eastern menu items, it just felt like home, except tastier (sorry Grandma). The food was delicious, the service was good, the atmosphere was great, and the prices were surprisingly reasonable. The menu here is so diverse and wonderful, we wanted to try everything. We ended up going with the borekas, the malawach and the sabeech...soooo good. The cappucino was a delight and the desserts so yummy! Service was great; they were super friendly and made helpful suggestions. The music was lovely as well. Too bad we were only visiting, because there were at least 8 more menu items we wanted to try.  Guess we'll have to come back for another visit. :)
Possibly the best coffee I've ever had! Not only did my barista make a delicious cup of coffee but he garnished it with a perfect leaf on top. Talent like that should not go unnoticed. I live 35 minutes away from here but I'd gladly return for another perfect cup of coffee.
I've been going to the Art Cafe since day one, and not once have I tried something I didn't like. Though you'll see things on the menu that you don't always see at a cafe, everything is still spectacular. The people who work there are some of the most kind people. I love the feeling of walking in there, and having everyone know what I want! (But that could be because I literally go there everyday and get the same thing...) But for real, the employees are intelligent, funny, charismatic. The intimate setting really completes the Art Cafe. I don't think I can last a day without my chai infused with rosewater. But actually...
I went here with two of my friends, it was a great place a bit small but the place had a great atmosphere overall cappuccinos and macchiotios were AMAZING and the frittatas and salads are wonderful about 10$ a dish but certainly great food and extremely friendly Batista's and staff!
Cozy & delicious cafe. This place really gives Nyack an artsy downtown feel.
Delicious food, sweet help, nice ambiance. Don't know what more you could ask for.
Eclectic, tasty, and exotic food make this restaurant a real treasure to have in our county. Moroccan mint tea with any one of the Israeli treats in this quintessentially Nyack venue makes me and my family feel very much at home. that's good eats
I was actually upset at myself for not discovering this place sooner. I've been traveling through here on the way to New Paltz for several years without ever checking out the business district of Nyack. It's a great town with lots to offer. And Art Cafe did not disappoint. The pastry selection is wonderful, but nothing compared to their richly aromatic and delicious cappuccino, and the food menu is beyond comparison. As a frequent patron of Aroma Cafe and Hummus Place in the West Village of Manhattan, I can safely say that Art Cafe of Nyack beats them both. Worth the trip out of the city!
So far, Art Cafe is my favorite place to eat in Nyack.  EVERYTHING on the heavily Israeli-influenced menu looks delicious.  The toastini sandwiches, labane spread, and malawach are all outstanding, made with fresh, organic ingredients.  The only downside to Art Cafe is its size -- there are not many tables, but it is 110% worth the wait!
Wow! What a horrible service! I took my family to this restaurant after reading other reviews saying how great the waitstaff and their service was. Much to my chagrin, we were completely ignored for 30 minutes before the waitress finally gave us the menus. When I complained about how they served other customers who came and sat down much later than we did, they brushed it off by saying that there was a big mix up. No apologies, nothing. Left the place without ordering and walked over to my son's original choice next block - Strawberry Place.
Worst service I have ever experienced in Rockland.  The psedo-hipster staff acts as though they couldn't be bothered.  Totally disappointed after hearing good things.
I love Nyack because of places like this.   I saw that people complained that it was "hipster".  Who cares?  The food is great and the wait staff is friendly and competent.  I haven't been there for breakfast or brunch (didn't even know they were open that early!), but now that I know, I'll give it a shot.  The malawach (even though they show you how to prounounce it, I'm still not sure I know how) sandwiches are riduculously good.  And, I manned up and ordered John's Balls.  If they've got the balls to put that on the menu, I had to gather up my balls and order it.  Glad I did.  There, I said it.  I enjoyed eating John's Balls.  My one tiny complaint is that the tables in the back are on top of each other, but as long as the people are cool it's not a problem.
LOVE the coffee here, love the ambience, love the people. Art Cafe is a gem in nyack.
This place is wonderful in every way. I just went for the first time after reading reviews on yelp and already cannot wait to go back. A reviewer aptly extolled the soy cappuccinos (I could have easily downed 4). The foam was so thick and delicious. Never have I had such a great cup. Amazing hummus - served warm with great flatbread; the labane was wonderful - thick "Greek-style" yogurt served with a drizzling of olive oil and a hint of garlic; the spinach borekas (growing up in a Greek household these reminded me of kalitsounia my yiayia used to make when I was little) - needless to say, they were delicious. The atmosphere is cozy and thoughtfully appointed. I loved the fake little fireplace and figure drawings on the wall. Great waitstaff to boot. Definitely a gem of a spot that I look forward to returning to each time I'm back in town!
Amazing middle eastern food. I love the Bulgarian toastini and the shakshouka
I would give it five stars except the waitresses were mean to my friend Hannah once. Aside from that, the food is amazing (Israeli menu), the salads are original and light with fantastic dressing and many seeds. They have something called Shakshooka! on the menu (Shakshooka! and Fatoot! are the only two things on the menu with an !). Shakshooka should be all the rage--it's a tomato-based sauce with lots of spices that eggs are poached in. It's beyond words, actually. Also they have little french presses to serve their turkish coffee in. The mint is fresh from the garden in front of the caf (I've seen them harvesting it). Totally and completely worth the drive (or bike ride) from NYC, I swear. It's the kind of place locals eat Every Day.
Came in expecting healthy, vegetarian friendly Israeli fare. Mostly carb-laden entrees with a few disappointing salads (both with lots of cheese), definitely not healthy nor Israeli (Israeli food typically is very fresh and incorporates a lot of fresh vegetables. Disappointing indeed. Pastries and cafe fare looked decent, but was looking for a healthy Israeli dinner. Went elsewhere.
This is the place to go for the best coffee and some simple good food done right.  The space is warm and inviting which suits the employees attitudes.  The food will never disappoint. The chumus is my personal favorite!!
Best shakshuka I have ever had. In general, the food here is perfect for a light meal. The employees are lovely and after 20 visits here over the years, I cannot say I have tasted something that I wouldn't order again.
The only reason this is a 4 star rating is because I had to wait more than 30 mins on Mother's Day. C'mon, I'm the mother and I need to relax and not wait... but I had the take out mocha, chocolate croissant (which my daughter absolutely loves) and I got to watch the barista perform magic with my latte.
These are hours of your life you will never get back. Run away!
The Coffee House I've been missing for three years since my move to Nyack from Hoboken...little did I know it was just down the street from my apartment!  It has a homey feel, great coffee, friendly staff and some really good brunchy grub.  Great weekend morning visit!
Excellent, healthy food in a relaxed and tasteful atmosphere.  The rice bowls are so much tastier and more creative than they sound, and the malawachs are a guilty pleasure, especially with the marinara dipping sauce.  I'm not a local, so whenever I'm in town I come here.  It's my favorite place in the Nyack/Tarrytown area.  Wish we had this place in the Bay Area (CA).
Great service, great food. I ordered Chagall salad, my husband ordered 3 cheese tostini.
First time today and I LOVED Art Cafe. After my Bikram Yoga class today, 3 of us ate here. Two 1st timers and a big time fan. Now there are 3 big time fans. My choice today was delicious, and made perfectly. Pita Pocket with Specialty Eggs. (Organic scrambled eggs with Goat cheese & Israeli spices). Then there was perhaps the best tasting fresh squeezed orange juice i have ever had. Mmmm..mmmm! And so much more to choose from.
Firstly, I found this place to be pretty pricey ($6+ for a pita with scrambled egg in it?) and secondly, the service was ridiculously slow. It was by no means crowded (plenty of open tables outside and almost no one in the back area), and they by no means were understaffed. After being ignored for a good 5 minutes with the waitress looking right at me from behind the counter, I waited another 30 for my pita. The staff wasn't exactly friendly. The pita was tasty, but I was put off enough to not want to return.
Service was perfect, food was fresh, not crazy about the side salad but the homemade olives made up for it. Will come back the next time I go upstate most likely!
Arrived on Sunday for a brunch. There was a half an hour wait to get a table. I went roaming the streets in the freezing weather. 30 min later I was seated at at table right next to the toilet and directly facing it. Service was slow... Having waited for a while with my coffee, which wasn't that bad, in itself, and having partaken the aromas from the toilet that was left repeatedly ajar, I just left. They graciously let me have my cup of coffee for free... I guess they figured that having me inhale their bathroom stench was a sufficient price to pay..... The whole place is like a blast from the past and reminds me of my days in Tel Aviv in the '90's when these places became popular and where springing all over the place..... Overall, it was clearly very disappointing, I came in for some good Israeli food and instead got a punch of toilet stench. I don't care how low key the place is trying to be, a table within a foot from the non-shutting bathroom is disgusting and non-acceptable.
What can I say about one of my favorite eateries? I love the food. It is like eating at close family friends house. Everything is fresh, the salads, the rice bowls & shakshuka-YUM!  The olive are fabulous & the same goes for the pickles. My only warning is it gets crowded & packed so choose your days wisely. Some of the best Israeli- Vegetarian food around!
The food is always excellent here, now that they took over the whole building there is more seating and it is less cramped. I've had just about everything off of their breakfast menu and it is all superb. My favorite is the  shakshooka, its a must for anyone that loves spicy food!
Disclaimers: -Do not eat here expecting great service -Do not eat here with a large group -Do not eat here if you are claustrophobic -Do not eat here if you are in a rush -Do not eat here on a Saturday or Sunday morning HOWEVER, Art Cafe has outstanding food. I have never been disappointed with the quality of their product. The hummus is out-of-this-world, and I would eat their pita as part of my last meal. The salads are very filling, even in the half portion! My all time favorite, though, is the date sauce, onion, and goat cheese malawach. Uh-mazing. I really think the food here outweighs the chaos. If you have time on your hands, the paper to read or a buddy to chat with, and don't mind the tight atmosphere (it IS a house, after all), you will have a good experience with Art Cafe.
After an afternoon of shopping, my 3 adult daughters (one of whom lives in Rockland Cty and had already eaten here) and I stopped in at the Art Cafe for a very late lunch or very early dinner, depending on how you look at it.  We sat at the window seat, which was fun and comfy.  We decided to share 2 appetizers and each order an individual entree.  (WAY too much food!)  The appetizers, which come with a small salad, are more than enough for someone desiring a light lunch. We had the homemade hummus, which was incredible.  Warm and creamy, with pita triangles.  Our other appetizer was the goat cheese torti, which was also delicious.  Just the right touch of tanginess.  There were 3 generous half circles, again, more than enough for someone to order for lunch.   Two of us ordered salads, which were embarrassingly huge - we each took home over half.  The others ordered a malawach with hummus, fried pickles and hard boiled egg, and the brie tostini.  The lunches were all enough to share, and share we did. There is something very lovely about spending an afternoon in a lovely spot, sharing tastes of food which, in some cases, we had never tasted before. All while sipping hot, fragrant lavender tea! Will definitely visit again when we are in the area. (And the bill was a very reasonable $65 for 4 people!)
Best brunch place north of NYC to Montreal, perhaps. Utterly charming location in an old house warms you up on cold days, gorgeous garden fronting Main Street for basking in the summer sun. Everything I have had at this Israeli spot is fantastic and very unique. It easily beats hummus place in the city, which I also think is really quality. 5 stars, hands down.
This cafe is the only place I will come to eat at when I'm in Nyack! The ONLY place! The food is AMAZING on all levels, the service was wonderful, and the drinks are the artsiest, most aesthetically delightful drinks I've ever seen! Try a cappucino, not only are they beautiful but they're delicious, too! I wish I didn't live in Seattle or I'd be here every day. 4 thumbs up! :)
Good coffee place to stop by.  Beautiful outdoor seating.
Soooooo excited they expanded to both sides of the building! My favorite seats are the ones on the back porch. Nothing I've ever had from here has ever been disappointing. At times, for my own pockets sake, I wish the prices were not so high, but I would never say they are overpriced. Its quality stuff!
Good vegetarian food. Great selection. Good teas and tasty. Great find.
4 stars because I visited 1X and plan on coming back to try other items on their menu. I had a vegie soup which was one of the best ever had.
Wonderful, fresh salads...was hesitant to try the "date sauce" dressing on the salad I chose so I had them put it on the side...it was fantastic!  Can't wait to return to have it again--a honey/maple syrup consistency but not quite as sweet (no lumps in it!) and it went surprisingly well with the salad.  The only negative is the place is small and gets quite crowded--especially in the summer heat when people do not want to sit outside on the patio.  You won't be disappointed in the food however.  Although I didn't try it, people were raving about the coffee.  The sweets on display looked fabulous too, but the salads are large so either leave room or take to go.
After my friend and I had a class at the Birchwood yoga we were hungry and this place looked so inviting from the street, with bright umbrellas shading diners sitting outside. Inside, the one have a choice of sitting around the coffee bar or to find your own way around the place for a tiny nook to sit in. The menu selection is huge and the portions sizes are excellent. Great place to eat a meal or grab a cup of coffee. Food was excellent! Service wasn't the fastest but it's wasn't terrible either.
The only thing that keeps me from giving this restaurant  five stars is the inconsistent service. I am a frequent patron of the restaurant (4-5 times per month) and find the food to be consistently delicious. I especially like the goat cheese torti, van gogh salad, shakshuka and the special rice bowl. The pastries are also quite good and sometimes very interesting (chocolate rosemary hamantaschen) as is the tea selection!   In terms of the service, some days it is quite good and at other times you have to wait an inordinate amount of time to place your order. I often think that the owner should pay more attention to how that servers are attending the tables and taking care of customers. Once this issue is fixed, they definitely deserve 5 stars!!
So happy that there's a place close to my house in Northern NJ that has organic, delicious food! I absolutely love this place. It is a quaint old house with adorable tables and chairs and nooks, and the staff is super cool and down to earth! They even remember our names and always greet us with a smile. And the food is equally as amazing. I am obsessed with the organic yogurt with granola and berries. I have tried to remake it at home, but its never as good as Art Cafe's! And their orange juice-wow. Love their french press coffee and vanilla ice coffees too! I always get the "Healthy Breakfast" and it never disappoints. If I could eat here every day, I would. 5 stars!!
great atmosphere. great coffee. authentic israeli food. a rare find outside new york city
The quality of service here is poor. The host who seats you is usually friendly but the waitstaff is ridiculous. I have been completely ignored by 3 employees while standing in front of them at the coffee bar for over 10minutes. Its no different if you are sitting at a table. The wait is long and service is generally unfriendly. I am only writing this because i have had this experience several times not just once or twice. It sucks because their food is Amazing and their lattes really are excellent.
Love this restaurant! Great menu, great food, takes credit cards, and it's organic. The coffe whether decaf or regular is the best in town. Not a place for a quick bite, service is slow which is OK for a leisurely meals. Oh, and the folks who work there are so nice! I go back often.
I've been twice and the food as left me disappointed both times.  The atmosphere and friendly staff are the shining points, but the food is so...meh.  How do you mess up an egg and cheese on a bagel?  Even the cheapest bodega egg and cheese sandwiches are tastier than this.  Bagel not toasted.  Cheese completely bland.  I ordered extra cheese, but I'm struggling to taste any.  Bland, soggy..let down.
After years of having my customers in my wine store rave about the Art Cafe I finally made it over there yesterday for brunch.  As noted so many times, the place is charming in and out, we sat in the front yard at a bistro table with umbrella.  Victor, our waiter, was very pleasant and eager to please.  My guest and I both ordered the Malawach(a Jewish Yemenite puff pastry that is dense and chewy) served with hummus, chopped eggs and Israeli pickles and a spicy tomato based dipping sauce.  Overall the dish was tasty, fresh and authentic...my only complaint is that it was served in an oblong wire basket with baking paper sheet insert, this made it very difficult to cut with a knife and fork, especially since the knife was not very sharp.  I'm not sure if they intended for the Malawach to be eaten as a sandwich, since it is not traditionally eaten that way as it is a bit oily, as I struggled with the cutting, hummus and sauce started to drip through the perforated paper and through the mesh table top onto my leg which then took several trips to the mens room to clean(my luck I wore white chinos that day) so I strongly recommend that if you order it ask for it to be served on a plate.  My big delight was that the barista knew how to make a "cafe Afooch" which is an Israeli version of the Australian Flat White...a bit bigger than a Cappucino but not as big and diluted as a Latte...it's the perfect espresso drink in my book.  Wire basket aside, I highly recommend this gem and I know I'll be back there soon to try their other fare.
My coworker just put me on to this place and I am so grateful she did.  I had a take out salad...omg delish...one of the best pecan, goat cheese, and pear? Salads I've ever had!
I love this place! Their food is delicious. I do not remember the name of what I ordered but it was delicious. I also love their white hot chocolate. I love to eat here.
While I'm a fan, it's because I'm pretty patient. The food can take a while, the service is often scattered, and the prices are a bit high for the fare.
Amazing cafe, with a great selection of Israeli food. Food was delicious, coffee was stupendous, service was amazing. What else can you want?
We were there yesterday around noon. I have to say that the place is nice. And the food was great. As for the service. Guys, seriously, get some training. No one seems to know what is going on there. The hostess has no idea how to keep her own list. And she seems overwhelm with other things. We got no silver ware with our food. The coffee and water came hours late. Seriously guys, we did like the place but I dont think I can deal with your service again. GOOD LUCK
Stopped in Nyack on our way home to Philly from New England to get out of the interminable Tappan Zee traffic.  We wandered into Art Cafe and quickly went in when we noted a focus on organic ingredients.  Food and drink were outstanding.  My chai latte was unquestionably the best version of that drink I have ever had, and I order them frequently. The Malawach with goat cheese, date sauce & onions was a wonderful combination of sweet and salty tastes. My wife's Melted Spinach & Cheese Torti was also delicious.  Both came with nice side salads.  And the cost for this meal was ridiculously low.  Here's to more traffic jams that require a stop in Nyack and a meal at Art Cafe!
We were lured here by the nice outdoor seating and vegetarian friendly menu. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations. I had this "egg in tomato sauce" dish which was pretty bad. The egg was as hard as a hockey puck and swimming in the sauce. My friend had a spinach and feta perogi which was soggy. Our main server was very nice but horribly disorganized. The other service was kind of pissy. Next time I'd choose the diner about a block away on the other side of the street. The menu there looks pretty good. Not sure what the tab was because my friend paid
Good food BUT sucky service. I have been a customer for awhile now because the food is pretty good but every time I get food to go I have a bad experience. This time two people were in front of me and when their food came out the staff member found the customers and gave them their food. Both of the customers were white, I am not btw. When my food came out it sat on the counter for ten to fifteen minutes and I finally had to ask if my food was done and if that was it sitting there. The guy didnt even say sorry. Only go if you are white. SERVICE SUCKS
Excellent coffee and food, as well as great atmosphere and music. Beautifully designed....
I can't believe it's taken me so long to discover this place! The food is absolutely amazing. The salads are HUGE, big enough to feed two. If you're a fan of hummus, you must try it here. Absolutely perfect. I had never had malawach before, but I've fallen in love. The red sauce it comes with has the perfect mix of spices. The drinks are even amazing here. We were brought ice water with lemon and mint (a nice way to improve upon tap water) , and then I ordered the most perfectly made iced tea EVER. The only draw back to this place is the service. There was no host/ess to be found so it took a while to figure out seating, and our poor waitress was handling far too many tables. She was extremely nice, and as accommodating as she could be... but she definitely needed help. My advice is just be patient with the service, it's definitely worth the wait!
Order it to-go on the phone or visit off-peak if tight, crowded spaces get to you. That's what I do now, especially since they "expanded" - turned out to be just as cramped as before. BUT, the food is totally worth it, IMHO. For breakfast I usually get the scrambled eggs with cheese on a bagel - the lightest, fluffiest eggs ever, and the hint of cheese is to die for! A snack of their warm hummus with warm bread is a killer treat and large enough for two or three people (however, I scarf it down all by myself when I've a craving). Coffee drinks are pretty good, too.
A good choice for a casual lunch - especially if you are vegetarian or dining with vegetarians (the entire menu here is vegetarian).  The place is pretty small with only a few tables outside and a few inside.  We were a party of three and were seated immediately inside at 230PM on a Saturday (were quoted a 20-30 minute wait for outside with one party ahead of us).  Inside was fine with us and we were greeted immediately by a server taking our drink order ... took quite a while to get our drinks.  Then we ordered - each an entree and one appetizer (the hummus platter) to share.  Took over 20 minutes for the hummus platter to come out - but it was delicious.  However, one bite into our appetizer, our entrees showed up.  All of the entrees were good quality and tasty.  The "Shashooka" eggs were kind of small portion - really, it was mostly sauce, and the other two entrees were enormous - one was their "malawach" and the other was "spinach borekas"   All were flavorful and fresh.  Service was pleasant but a bit slow (but this was a really busy day in Nyack, the street fair - not sure if that played a role in the erratic service).  I would go back and give it another try.
I have wanted to try the Art Cafe for some time and finally went today for lunch.  We were seated right away at a very small round table in a cozy room.  Took a while for our hipster waitress to finally arrive and then a bit longer for her to come back for our order.  We both ordered tea, an app to share (Labane) and two entrees (Monet Salad & Malawach with goat cheese, date sauce & onions).  The app was delivered on a large plate and was very tasty.  When she brought our tea (a cup & saucer with small tea pot of hot water x 2) she set down my boyfriends and my cup & saucer but couldn't seem to figure out where to put my tea pot.  She just stood there and with attitude says to me I don't know where to put this...as if I had done something wrong and it was clearly my fault for taking up all the room on this tiny table.  We quickly adjusted everything on the table to make room and off the little snit went.  Soon after our entrees arrived and it was quite clear that there was no way our food was going to fit.  Again..we got a bit of attitude.  I had her take away the Labane in order to fit in our food.  After she left we decided to move over to the breakfast bar near our table so that we wouldn't be so crowded.  Little Miss Hipster didn't like that!  If I was writing this review based on food only I would have given it a 5 star rating but unfortunately service has much to do with the overall experience and our waitress really took away from our enjoyment.  The restaurant was not overly crowded (it was a Monday at 1pm...weekends do tend to have a wait for breakfast) so there is really no reason for the attitude.  Because the food was so good we will definitely give it another try but if we have the same experience with the waitstaff we will never go back again.  Hopefully management is monitoring these reviews and will make the necessary adjustments.
My favorite spot to chill in Nyack...legit love everything here! their rice bowls are AMAZING! Top 3 items: 1. Specialty rice bowl 2. Hummus malawach 3. Shakshooka Finish with choco crossoint and blue bottle coffee. Next time I go, I'm ordering the ricotta pancakes...yum!
Adorable outdoor seating, which is both dog- and kid-friendly. While I'm upset we didn't eat here as originally planned. we ordered coffees instead. They exclusively carry California-based organic Blue Bottle Coffee with plenty of dairy-alternative choices. All 3 of us had completely different variations of regular, cappuccinos, and cafe au laits. Prices are very modest for all their drinks, including alcohol. Mimosas/Bellinis are $6 - I consider that a steal! I also like that they host poetry nights/music. It seems like the "hip" spot on Nyack's eclectic South Broadway.
Absolutely phenomenal. I took my mom here for a birthday brunch, because we love little cafes and brunch foods. I called ahead, and was told they don't take reservations, but that if we were to get there before noon, it would probably be no wait. The place itself is adorable. There's outdoor seating, which is a huge plus, and the inside is so cute with enough tables to seat people comfortably without being on top of one another. I ordered a cafe au lait, which came with a milk swirled design (I'm a sucker for the aesthetics of it!), and my mom ordered the Ruby Sipper tea, which she deemed as being fantastic. The coffee was incredibly made. Our server was really good about giving enough time to order and check in without being too much, and she quickly brought out our brunch entrees. I got the ricotta pancakes, which the menu recommends, and I am ridiculously happy that I went with this - they were incredible tasting, really light, and the fruit on top was a perfect bonus. Seriously - I've found my new staple for homemade pancakes (sorry, mom). My mom ordered the spinach and feta cheese torti, which came with three quesadilla looking sandwiches. My mom is a tough cookie when it comes to food, but she said - and I quote - "This is the best spinach/feta I've ever had in my entire life" (and she has Greek friends who make ridiculous spanakopita, so this is the highest of praise). The prices are fantastic, the place is adorable, the portions huge - the Art Cafe is a major win for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike.
I usually come here for coffee with my wife.  Probably the best coffee you can get around the area.  I've never tried any of their food items but I do wish they had more dessert choices.
Art Cafe is a JEWEL.  This is the best place in Nyack to get coffee.  The lattes are beautiful and tasty, and the decor is very relaxing and beautiful.  The salads have interesting names and are very good.  I LOVE vegetarian foods, so this place is quite awesome. The service can vary from great to terrible depending on the waitress.  We had to wait to get tea for 30 minutes once.  Other than that, you can't find a better place in Nyack.
A great place for breakfast! sitting in side or out - both pleasent and nice to sit. Service was quick and food arrived fast although the place was almost full. We had a great shakshuka with cheese - hot and just a bit spicy. Also the rickotta pancakes are great and delicious. above all - great coffee and all kinds are available! Highly recommended shine or rain (we tried both...)
As often as i ve been to Nyack, i hadn't come to this section of it in a long time. I made my way down here during ArtWalk, and was pleasantly surprised. at first, I wasn't sure Id like it here, because strictly vegetarian menus can be iffy. The atmosphere i loved right away, its super cute and artsy, the house itself is cozy, and its decorated with local artists work, a big plus for me. i love when businesses support local artists! I ordered a gruyere toastini sandwich and a Palmer to drink. Both were terrific. I ll definitely go back, its such a unique place with a great artsy vibe.
One of my favorite places in Nyack. The goat cheese malawach is a must try. Would've given it five stars if it wasn't a little crammed but the food and service is excellent
Got the art cafe breakfast and asked for omlette instead of scrambled eggs.   Omlette was delicious.  The Israeli salad is great.  Everything looks beautiful and tastes delicious.  Also got the pancakes.  Delicious.  Honestly, you can't go wrong with the food, ambience.  This place is a winner.  Nice place to bring a chick. HOWEVER, not all was happy and great.  Frankly I'm a big coffee person and I had high hopes bc they use Blue Bottle coffee.  I've been to the Brooklyn spot and the one across the street from Chelsea Market.  The coffee was stale, at least their french press.  They had two baristas on hand and I got a dopio bc the press was so bad. The shots were better but still subpar.  I don't know if they were at the bottom of their inventory or what but very disappointed with the coffee.   But in the end, the good food, ambience, great service, etc., makes up for the disappointing coffee.  Definitely would go again.
A charming little place in a charming little town!  My boyfriend and I like to wander through Nyack every once in a while, and we'd passed by this place several times before.  I'm glad we finally decided to stop in, because everything was delicious! I had a Turkish coffee, perfectly black and piping hot, while my boyfriend had an iced chicory coffee, potent and sweet.  Yum!  We both had the Monet bowl, which was made up of goat cheese, Portobello mushrooms, onions, and a seed blend all mixed over a bowl of rice.  Sooooo good!  We were both stuffed to bursting, but decided to split the Fatoot for dessert anyway.  It was a crispy, doughy, magical dessert covered in fresh strawberries, sliced apples, and drizzled with honey.  Nomnomnom! The prices are decent, the food is wonderful, and the staff are lovely.  You should definitely put it on your list of places to go!
A super cute and charming cafe, ideal for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Had the most amazing chai latte ever!!! It was perfect for the rainy day! Also tried their soup of the day, a zucchini cream which also hit the spot and was served with tasty fiber rich bread. My main dish was a rice bowl with goat cheese, pear, dates, and honey. At first I was hesitant to order it, but I went with my servers recommendation and it was amazing and very filling.   I cant wait to go back!!!
Cute place, like many restaurants/shops in Nyack.  Excellent food and coffee.  Pricey compared to similar coffee shops.  No free coffee refills.   Went there because Strawberry Place was closed that day.
A Unique and home-y place. It's a family owned restaurant that I've been going to for years! Amazing food!!! It's a mix of Israeli and European food. I love the homemade hummus and shakshooka (an Israeli egg and tomato sauce dish). I also love to come for a good coffee every morning. They take their coffee seriously! I highly recommend to come visit this place for breakfast lunch or dinner. Live music on Thursday nights!!
Adorable cafe in Nyack. We had coffee and sweets here when we passed thru town. They use Blue Bottle Coffee which I love. The menu looks good and they have a lovely outdoor space.
I went here a few times and I gotta say if you haven't been here yet your just simply missing out on a hidden gem in life period. From the atmosphere to the dishes everything is just right in this place. Even the staff treats you as if your family and not a customer. One dish that everyone should try going here and it is my favor is called the shakshuka literally that is the best breakfast dish you should try! Literally it was such a good dish I had another customer completely change her dish to this one. On top of that the owner actually does email people thanking them for coming so I think that's really nice. Overall I give this five place   Very high marks and anyone and everyone and pets should come to!
First and most important  Great food!   First impression was not as great.  The hostess acted as if she was doing us a favor. As if she was "put off".   After being seated, it took quite some time for our server to come over.  Again, not so great.  We had to ask for water, waited at least 15 minutes to get our drinks, (soft drinks to boot) and  20 minutes for the appy, which was hummis.  Not a item that should take so long.  Once she served our meal, we never saw her again. My husband got her attention so we could order coffee, again, took forever, my husband had espresso and I ordered regular coffee.  The espresso came first and after another ten minutes, once he was done, my coffee came.  Not great on service. The food however is out of this world.  My husband had the special rice bowl and said it was wonderful.  I had a mushroom onion feta torti and I must say it was the BEST sandwich I ever had.  Both were fresh and nicely done. Lovely place, great food, maybe good service.  Could have been an "off day" for the staff. Worth a try.
My son and I had Breakfast here on our Mini trip back in time, what a unique and wonderful place to find.  I couldn't get  over the service, starting with a carafe of water with a slice of lemon for the table, the coffee pot for Jason to have more and the special design on the Chai Latte for me, taste even better than Starbucks.  We each had the American Breakfast and couldn't finish it all. But it was great and the organic orange juice, and croissant I had I can't begin to describe how good they were.  The best, the very best.  I am a foodie, and love trying new places, this was a favorite.  I would have trouble trying other places in the area if I ever return.  Thank you for letting me share.
Yum! Been here three times now and this place consistently delivers a great meal in a charming setting. Have had the Borekas and Breakfast Malawach; both are amazing and "can't go wrong" choices for timid palates. It's hard to stray from these two delicious menu items, but next on my list are the Rice Bowl, Israeli Couscous, and Ricotta Pancackes - probably not all in the same meal - though I'd be tempted. Be prepared for a wait, but hey, it's Nyack. You're prepared to wait to get into a restaurant, right? We've sat in the back room and in the front, and each has it's own charm. (Very different from Strawberry Place across the street. It's really difficult to compare the two, other than in wait times.) You must try it. Do go.
My decision to sit out the morning traffic at the New Jersey Turnpike paid off! Rolled into Nyack and found this great cafe through the Yelp app on iPhone. Thank God for technology! It is in the main street and not far from the Nyack Memorial Park.  The place has a lovely terrace so it is dog friendly.  Inside is cool, love the vibe.  The menu is interesting because the owner is Israeli and there is a Art Breakfast option where it contains Goat Cheese, Labneh (Labanese yogurt cheese) in herb olive oil, Flat Bread, Scramble Eggs... etc.  This is $13.99.  Through out the Mediterranean, Labneh is very popular, I say this is the best Labneh I had since Lebanon.   The American breakfast is huge but for $14.99, practically like a main course, but it comes with juice, tea/coffee.. etc.  I found the portion is large but it was very well made.  Love the place, the jasmine tea is of good quality, and it was so fragrant that the taste linger in my mouth.  Check my photos and you will see.
We have tried this place , dreaming to have healthy organic dinner , it was rather disappointment for all of us . We ordered Meze plater , couscous , malawa , mozzarella tostini . Meze's were nothing special , couscous was running in tomato souse , malawa was ok but too oily . Out of all kids tostini was the best , that is why it deserves 3 stars .And also our waiter was friendly .
Foods mostly great. The service...seating....well...it was once much better. Make sure to put your name on waiting list when busy. Don't trust the well remember you line.
Great coffee... Blue Bottle and a Pour over for 2.75 is amazing (its actually cheaper than going to a blue bottle location).  food and pastries are good and the atmosphere and staff are great.
Lovely staff and very homey vibe. I rotate every time I come between the breakfast Malawach, sabich and the regular Malawach (eggplant is yum). Always feel full when I'm done even though I always think that I'm hungry and that they're "small". They are not small. They're big in flavor and fill. Coffee is a must here despite the fact I'm weening off caffeine.
Love everything about this place.  Set in a home its charming, service is great, and food is fantastic.  I've been a couple times for breakfast.  Sat out front at the picnic tables.  And enjoyed healthy, delicious food.
Love @ First Sight . I live in Throggs Neck and I couldn't find a cozy,very warm kind of restaurant to bring my family for a very important announcement.So I decided to look further and voila!!!! Landed @ Rockland County. I read numerous good reviews but still skeptical.so I decided to go there with my boyfriend to check the place to see if this is the place that Im looking for......and as soon as I saw a glimpse of the Art Cafe, i fell in love. The place has this quintessential feeling.artsy.just Love Love Love  it. The food is also great.A wonderful experience overall. But for coffee lover like my boyfriend, who's café aficíonado, u might be dissappointed with their art cafe turkish coffee.But aside from that.everything else taste delicious! This is a hidden gem somewhere 40 mins drive from the Bronx.hehe.But the wait is worth it.
The seating outside is really great and thy have little cozy blankets you could use if it gets too breezy. The food is just awesome all of it. Ive had several sandwiches and breakfast specials here and only disappointed with their hummus super watered down and flavorless and the shashoka(sp?) it was definitely the worst rendition ive had of it slightly over baked and the tomato was too over powering. They recently revamped menu and id just recommend you order the meze platter but ask the waiter to keep the olives seperate or else the oil will leak into the already greasy bureka. The service was really great and im excited to come back. However i hope they start sourcing all organic and local because it is a bit pricey. Oh and the hummus needs more garlic and lime. Bigtime.
First visit review: Monday / 2 PM / party of two. We were told of a wait time of 30-40 minutes. The cafe was indeed packed. Right off the bat, the entranceway is very tight and cramped. This cafe was actually once a house, renovated to be a cafe, so some layout issues might be hard to avoid. My cousin & I waited outside and took a look around the building. To our understanding, there was a seating extension in the back because this cafe was booming with patrons. It hit the 45-minute wait mark, and we were still yet to be seated, so unfortunately we decided just to opt for take-out instead. I ordered the Gruyere Toastini, and my cousin ordered the Bulgarian Toastini. Just under $11 per sandwich and comes with a side salad. I asked the barista what his favorite tea was, as I love to get employees' favorites at restaurants and try them out. He said his was chai, but I'm a chai-hater :/ So I asked what his 2nd favorite was, and he said a mix of lavendar + chamomile. My cousin and I both decided to go for it. $3 per cup. Within about 14 minutes, our orders came out. We went out to my car and immediately opened the hot sandwiches wrapped in foil. My sandwich was goooey and stretching with cheese. I really enjoyed it! It was quite messy and heavy though.. I could only finish the first half, and saved the other for later. My cousin on the other hand, with the Bulgarian Toastini, unfortunately took two bites and was done. She was turned off and couldn't explain what it was. The salads were just okay. I think the dressing didn't hit the spot. It takes a special kind of salad to impress. However, again it is just a side salad. To be honest, I really appreciated the barista's lavendar + camomile recommendation, but I truly did not like it at all. I claim fault though because I should have known that his taste buds were not like mine when he said his favorite was chai! Hahaha. Overall, the toastinis were good, but it would be nice if they served half the size of that sandwich and halved the price, as the menu is a bit more on the expensive side and the heaviness of  cheese makes it difficult to finish on your own. The tea selection is nice, and they custom bag the leaves, so I'd love try another tea. I want to say that our overall experience very likely would have been different, had we had a sit-down experience. I'll be back a few more times to explore more of the menu and get the full scope this cafe!
Quaint eatery in a vintage house with outdoor seating as well.  Varied and imaginative menu, really good coffee.  Waitress had very little personality but did her job.  Be prepared to wait for a table and then be prepared to wait for your food.  Place is always crowded and depending on your demeanor either worth all the waiting or not.
Came on a Thursday night in spring and they had live music outside.
Great atmosphere! From the background music to the accent pillows to the rustic wooden floorboards. Love it here. I am going to give this place 5 stars. Housed in well, a house, this cafe in Nyack is just plain awesome. Every menu item is drool-worthy (at least by description as I've only eaten here once and tried only one salad) and the whole feel of the place is comforting and much like home. (Not my sparsely furnished home but rather a really quaint and comfortable home!) The restaurant is pieced into little rooms made of corners and buttressed by shadowy hallways. The shutters on the windows haphazardly let in sections of  light. There is outdoor seating at both the front and back of the cafe. The Blue Bottle Coffee Co. coffee (ack, redundant, but I couldn't help it), served with an option of fragrant and flavorful coconut milk (!), soy milk and cow's milk is Organic and is amazing.   I ordered the Van Gogh Salad; heaps of romaine lettuce accompanied by tomatoes, little puffy bite-sized clouds of Bulgarian feta and a crunchy seed and nut mix. It was perfectly dressed, just enough vinaigrette to cover each component and lend the salad a real,  "sum is greater than its parts" feel. My husband loved his ricotta pancakes (I didn't try any but they looked really fluffy) but was not as happy with the scrambled eggs. He is however as eager as I am to return. Why might you ask? Well, the kitchen messed up and forgot to put in our order. We waited about 50 minutes for our food. However, as soon as staff members realized their mistake, we were approached by the sweet and sincere manager on-duty and given two free pastries and many profuse apologies to tide us over. My husband's meal was then comped. We were pleasantly surprised as we find customer-service lacking most places these days (which is surprising considering the current economic climate.) And, to top it all off, they have the cutest little blue bird logo.
Art Cafe of Nyack is so adorable and quaint that it makes me sick to my stomach. There's a part of me, a very evil part, that suffered greatly when I walked into this establishment. The hostess was just so...damn...smiley! Anyhow, their pour-over coffee is strong and comes in a giant portion. The malawach is basically an Israeli savory pastry akin to fried naan. I had the goat cheese/date sauce one and it was a good, filling breakfast.
This place may be cute, but don't let the atmosphere fool you. The service was pretty embarrassing, my friend and I were placed next to the bathroom where you could hear people peeing, meanwhile, there was a perfectly good table open in the main dining room for two. Moreover, when I paid the check, after I was asked to sign, the waitress left the counter for me to retrieve my receipt from the machine myself. This place is not good for a substantial meal, they have very small dishes and frankly, they're not very good. Their one highlight of their menu is their tea selection. Overall, it's a good place for a cup of tea, but don't expect to be treated well by the staff and have a good meal.
The food is delicious. It is unique and reasonably priced. However I cannot stand the seating arrangements inside. Waiting for an outside table on a nice day can be a very long wait, but inside is just poorly set up and hard to get around. It is an odd space, so they work with what they have, but I think they could do better. Can be a wait because of the popularity, but it is a delicious place for breakfast and lunch.
Always healthy and delicious. Friendly staff and a great atmosphere. I hear that they will be offering beer and wine soon - that will be the icing on the cake.
We were here just today, loved the food! Mediterranean and so many veggie options. Everything was freshly prepared, tasted just right. They have outside seating, and may have to wait a little for seating.
My husband is from Rockland and we come here every time we are in town. The food is so good, the atmosphere is adorable and the teas/coffee are amazing. We'll be visiting in May and I'm so looking forward to coming here! :D
What a groovy place... The atmosphere is great both inside and outside (although I'll always opt to sit outside in the front unless it's raining or snowing). Inside, it's labyrinthine and seemingly endless. There's usually art and photography on the walls (that seem to change every month) and it's just a warm and inviting place to sit and hang for a while. My favorite thing to eat, no matter what time of day, is the eggs/toast/fruit/yogurt/granola dish (it probably has a fancier name that I can't remember). It's the perfect meal for me and I'm glad it exists somewhere other than my own kitchen. Many of my friends have gotten the shakshooka or the sabich (both meals look delicious and are fun to say), and I've also enjoyed tasting John's balls. Oh yeah...and there are also yummy pastries and desserts. Stop reading this review and just go there already.
Lovely, homey place with delicious food.  I came here to meet a friend on a very cold Sunday night.  Wondered around the five random rooms, trying to figure out whether I should seat myself or actually wait to be seated.  That was the only "lost" moment of my whole night.  Once the waitress saw me, I was seated, given a menu, and all my questions about the different rice bowls (it was freezing cold, and I was starving!) were quickly answered.  The rice bowls (I had Monet) are perfectly sized for a hungry person who needs something cozy and nourishing.  My friend had one of the malawach, and it was nice.  I really enjoyed my French pot of coffee:  I love strong coffee and they brew a really nice blend.  The art on the walls, the music, the little decorative touches, the waitresses' and barista's attitudes - all made my experience at Art Café happy and delicious.  I'd definitely come back.
Hey John, your balls suck! Now that I have your attention.......there is a dish on the menu called "John's Balls".  It sucks.  Don't order it.  First off, there's nothing "ball" about those goat cheese blobs.  It's just a warm gloppy mess of goat cheese on a plate with lettuce and tomatoes on the side served with some flat bread.  Nothing special as the menu description would have you believe.   Moving on....loved everything else about this place!  Located in an old Victorian home the rooms within have been transformed into seating areas, serving stations, pastry displays, coffee brewing and sipping nooks.....art on the walls, very relaxed and just the place to get lost for a bit with a great cup of coffee or tea and a friend or a book. Ordered the rice bowls and they were delicious.  Inspired me to make my own last night.  Followed that up with ginger tea and a cafe au lait.  The ginger tea came in a cute little silver kettle with a bag of fresh ginger to steep inside.   It smelled incredible.  My coffee was perfectly brewed with the standard rosetta art on top.  Yum.  Will definitely be back for something sweet and a cup of coffee.
Food here was very good and so were the staff, very helpful and accomodating...lucky for us we choose to sit out to avoid the 40 min wait what started off as a warm morning...started to cool by the time we were in the restaurant....the gurls were provided with throws to ward off the cold which i felt was kinda good...theres a homey touch  to this place I am huge fan of labneh and this place just nailed it...the goat cheese balls were my wifes fav.... the hummus and egg malawa was filler and winner...didnt expect it to be so heavy....healthy portions...the rice entrees were also packed with flavor... the only critic if i were to make would be the salad dressing...it was definitely under dressed.
I love, love, love this place.  This is the best breakfast/brunch in Nyack!  I've never been here for lunch, but every single dish I've ever had here is perfect.  Their spicy hot chocolate is exceptional.  Every soup I've ever had is delicious and their signature Shakshooka is not to be missed!!
The coffee and lattes here are superb, and I love the atmosphere--all of the tables are in little nooks around the rooms of an old house, so nearly every seat in the place feels cozy.  Those two things alone bring me back time and time again. The sandwiches are excellent, though they nearly all seem like a tarted-up grilled cheese (not a bad thing, in my book, but just speaks to variety), and the tomato dipping sauce that comes with just about everything is so good that I want to take a bath in it.  Everything on the meze platter is amazing, too.  The people at the next table got a rice bowl that looked incredible--I am definitely going to try one next time.   Service is good; the waitress even brought my two-year-old son a cookie to praise his good behavior.  The cookies and pastries are quite good, as well.
Our first brunch experience in Nyack was a success with this find. Food was delicious. I had the sabich and my husband had the malawach (may have spelled that wrong). Very tasty and a nice break from traditional American brunch. Wait staff could be a little warmer.
Ambiance, fantastic. Mushroom soup, superb. Barista behind the counter? An ass. I was just trying to ask him where the Turkish coffee was from - I loved the taste because it had rose water infused into it. He began to answer me and then looked up and said, "Sorry, I'm just soooo busy." Or in other words, "Stop talking to me." Don't flatter yourself buddy, all I wanted was the brand of the coffee, not a flirtatious conversation.
The coffee (pour over) was delicious. The service was SERIOUSLY lacking.   I swung by here after a yoga class up the block and while the coffee to-go order was taken quickly, it took over ten minutes to get my coffee and I was the only customer there.  Because the cups are made one at a time, I'd expect it to take a few minutes. But the gentlemen behind the counter would walk away from my coffee for a good five minutes to discuss their schedule and such which resulted in the slowest "pour over" I've ever encountered.   I'll give these guys another shot hoping that their table service is better but so far, I'm less than impressed. Too bad, too, since the coffee was great.
Oh Nyack. You're much, much cooler than I expected. Art Cafe is what happens when you smush together hummus and Williamsburg, the capital city of Hipster Nation: quirky, vegetarian, inside a refurbished Victorian with creaky wooden floors and little nooks and crannies. Look for the Nyack Library, Nyack Historical Society, the Nyack wine cellar/Christmas wreath conglomeration and you're in the right spot. I love how it's not another generic "JEAH JEAH, getting wasted" pub or bar; there are enough of those as it is on the Main Street. If you're not looking to get your beer pong on, Art Cafe offers poetry readings and acoustic sets and espresso, but most of all, it offers delicious healthy food with a Middle Eastern bent. I appreciated all the little details that made catching up with a high school buddy extra special: the complimentary dish of home-made olives (make sure to ask though), and the lemon slices and sprigs of mint in the carafes of ice water. We ordered the tahini appetizer with an extra side of the crack-laced pita bread: I think Art Cafe's tahini incorporates cucumber and cilantro, because it was a lot, uh, greener than I expected. Ended up mopping the plate clean with the extra pita bread. Oh man. Dat Malawach. It's an Israeli flat bread, toasted and drizzled over with honey, crunchy, soft, and sweet at the same time, and perfection when you use a little of their tomato sauce on the side (which was a little too sweet and tasted kind of canned). I got the one with goat cheese, date sauce, and onions, and even though I love goat cheese, it got a little heavy towards the end. But I ate it all, including the layer of crumbs at the end. #noshame
As a Nyack local, I have been to the Art Cafe many times and it has never failed to impress. With a cozy, intimate ambiance, an impressive selection of tea and coffee, and a creative, extensive vegetarian menu, Art Cafe has become one of my go-to places in Nyack. The lemon ricotta pancakes are easily the best pancakes I've ever had, and the shakshooka and the sabich aren't to be missed. The salads are also huge and packed with good ingredients. On the lighter side, you can't go wrong with a great cup of tea or coffee and one of the homemade pastries.
To be honest, the service was pretty shabby. I sat at the barista bar because I was dining alone and didn't mind not having a table. It took me 5 minutes to get someone's attention so I could get a menu, and then another 10 minutes of awkwardly sitting around watching them chat until I decided to just place my order at the take-out counter. Other than that, the coffee is great and the food isn't too shabby either..although both are quite pricey.  I ordered the sabich and I found the hummus, tomato, and eggplant combo quite refreshing. Great for a light, healthy lunch! And if you are a fan of iced coffee (sweetened with milk), you will loovee their NOLO iced coffee. :9 The space is definitely the coolest part about the Cafe. All the nooks and crannies in the re-purposed private home really make the cafe homey and inviting.
Four stars...what?? I'm not really getting why this place has heaps of rave reviews. The food was very basic and very average. Fresh and nicely presented, but nothing special at all. My chick got one of the toasted sandwiches with eggplant and I got an Israeli salad. She liked the sandwich, but it was super greasy, literally dripping oil all over the plate and table. As if that wasn't gross enough, the tomato sauce they put on the side for dipping was oily as well and tasted like it was from a jar. By the way...Italian style marinara sauce is in no way, shape, or form a typical Israeli sauce. Sorry Art Cafe.Try hummus next time! As for my salad, it was $8 and consisted of 1 sliced tomato, a bit of feta cheese, and a Zaatar seasoning mix. Yep, and heaps of oil. Boy, these guys love to douse everything is oil. In the end, it was fair, and I ate a bunch of it, but it was a rather dull plate of food. All in all, I have to say I was pretty disappointed with Art Cafe.
My experience here this morning left me disappointed. I left this place so frustrated that I don't think I can even give it a second shot. I wanted to try something a little different so we picked this place because Israeli food isn't something you come across often. The food was just OK, the service was absolute chaos. We came in and waited for about 4 or 5 minutes with all kinds of waiters and waitresses rushing in and out to pick up orders, but they didn't make eye contact with us. Eventually the guy at the counter looked up and asked what we wanted. He pointed to a table for us, which we had to pull out completely so I could get to the booth, as there was no more than three inches between it and the next. I ordered the shakshuka and my boyfriend ordered the egg toastini. Our food took over 45 minutes. You'd think they were preparing Peking duck, it took so long. What complicated dishes did we order, you ask? Shakshuka is two eggs baked in tomato sauce topped with crumbled cheese. I doubt they made the sauce to order because it tasted over-salted like canned sauce. I was also put off by the portion size. My eggs were swimming in sauce, probably a 1:3 ratio. The idea of eating almost two cups of tomato sauce in one sitting doesn't really appeal to me. My boyfriend's order was a tasteless egg sandwich. Again, 45 minutes? In addition, the side salad that came with the sandwich was full of brown lettuce. I was alright with their "disclaimer" about food taking longer because they're making it the "best" they can, but that was just unacceptable. The service can only be described as chaotic. Our waiter was in charge of all of the 7 or so tables in the room as well as a few outside, possibly. Everyone in the room was constantly requesting water, and we had to practically block his path to ask for the check. The best thing about this experience was my iced caramel latte, but I'll begrudgingly go to Starbucks over this place any time.
A friend introduced to me this place in lieu of going on a biking tour in Englewood, NJ. The art cafe is not made for the NYCer in a rush. It is made for the yoga buff, the lazy day, and the writer. The cafe looks like a quaint house turned into a restaurant - it has a labyrinth of food stuffs and displays, tables, and warm decorations. The cafe clientèle consisted of young families and older guests. A nice change from the hyper rushed and mono-aged city.   The service is pleasant, not rushed, but definitely remember to keep your patience. There was only one server that day for multiple tables. The chocolate croissant was fluffy, flaky, and not too oily. Chocolate lined the inner crust of the croissant, a nice surprise for each bite. Unlike many NYC croissants from the cart, this croissant did not weigh me down after consumption - it stayed light and fluffy.   Let me preface this statement by the fact that I do not like coffee. I rarely drink it. However, their Mocachino was delicious. It encapsulated the flavor of coffee in a sweet outer covering. The high quality of the drink was confirmed by the foamy leaf that sat on top of the drink. Most of the dishes here were Israeli. The Shashouska was a couple of poached eggs sitting in a dish of tomato sauce with goat cheese crumbled on top. The poached eggs were semi-solid and not too salty. The cheese was high quality, not too pungent, and very soft. A lot of tomato sauce accompanied the dish, which was great - I love tomato sauce. The tomato sauce was savory and fresh. I ended up licking that plate clean. The dish also included thick slices of fluffy, but firm pita bread. The bread was still extremely hot when served to us. It was delicious. I wish this place was in NYC, because I could eat this for brunch any day!
I've been here twice. It is not a good place to go when its very busy. The first time we went it was ok. Interesting layout. Second time was unacceptable. Apparently even while standing directly infront of someone at the counter, I was completely invisible and inaudible. And everyone was way too busy to pay attention to us. Completely soured me on the place.
My husband and I came for some organic, fair-trade coffee and lunch. We are big into GOOD coffee, and Art Cafe roasts their own beans that they get from Blue Bottle (Williamsburg). I ordered the unsweetened mochaccino (delicious!) and he ordered the spicy. It had a KICK - whooo! Tons of chili on top - awesome to wake you up in the morning.  Plus, the art work the baristas create in your drink is photoworthy and beautiful. We both ordered shakshooka (eggs, tomato sauce, Bulgarian feta and herbs), although I paid the extra $1 for add-on of eggplant, and I am so glad I did - the flavors enhanced the dish and made the already delicious flavors even MORE amazing!  I wasn't going to eat the pita because I don't usually eat carbs, but they were homemade and warm... these were worth every bite and I'm glad I used up my "cheat" carbs on them :D We sat on the smaller side of the restaurant (it's an old house divided) and we were kind of cramped in a corner, but it was fine. Our waitress was Fiona Apples, according to our receipt, and she was very pleasant. $34 for the two meals, two specialty coffees, and an iced cold brew to go.
Great date daytrip for you NYC area people. Get out of the city heat and get up to quaint, artsy Nyack for the most delicious Middle East/Mediterranean meal. Sitting at Art Cafe will transport you to Europe the moment you enter, that's before the perfect espresso drinks are delivered to your table, hand crafted to perfection by a barista with two years of training in Italy. Owned by a warm Israeli-American family, also living in Nyack, Art Cafe has become an overnight success by word-of-mouth alone. The home-made hummus is served warm------the way it is served in the desert! Some of the dishes are difficult to pronounce, but I guarantee that the are as delicious as they are impossible to say!!  Take Shakshuka as an example. Sounds intimidating... but what it is an personal iron skillet with eggs, tomatoes, and spices served with warm pita. Careful, it does have a nice bite to it! All the food at Art Cafe is made from organic ingredients so no worries about nasty hormones. Vegetarians, it's a paradise for you... no meat is offered here... and if you keep kosher (or are trying your best to be.. wink wink) you can order with no qualms. Sitting outside at Art Cafe will give you  a perfect example of Nyack's cultural diversity. Here's the scene. You're in an Isreali owned cafe, sipping perfect Italian capuccino,  a Baptist preacher's homily is roaring it's way out of the stained-glass windows of what at first appears to be a church. After close inpection, you'll find that the upper windows of the church are actually Stars of David. That's right. What was once a synagogue is now a thriving Baptist church, and if you're lucky... you'll be priveleged to hear the soulful music spilling out into the streets of Nyack and you'll feel like you're somewhere special.  And you are.
I would rate this place 3 stars if it wasn't for the unprofessional host who turned away many people because he was disorganized and made a poor business decision. He wouldn't seat people outside! It was 12:00 and he said he will open the patio in 40 minutes...really? So 12:40 the patio opens?  In the middle of a street fair when I have many options he turned me away...and I witness probably another 10 people walk away as well. Rude. Anyway, first time I went here it was ok. Waitress was very nice even though she didn't provide accurate  information. The malawach was a oily taco ish sandwich. The egg special was interesting and worth trying. I would try some other items but not sure if I'm willing to deal with the host again.
Pretty OK.  Recommended on an off-hour, when you can sit in the window nook and zone out for a bit. I always order a bagel w/ hummus and soy latte.  The menu is way more extensive with Borekas, Toastini's and artsy-fartsy salads.   Just avoid this place when it's crowded with yoga moms and New Jersey dickheads.  It will ruin your zen for the day.
Ah, what a refreshing spot and hidden gem off of Main Street in Nyack.  This cozy, eclectic coffee shop and cafe has a wonderful menu, organic cold brew coffees and a wonderful and courteous staff.  I'm glad I stumbled across it months ago, and will continue to visit. This past weekend I spent close to 4 to 5 hours catching up on work on my laptop, as I sipped on my cold brewed iced coffee and at my organic yogurt and granola parfait, topped with a delectable date honey.   I don't even really know what date honey is, but I do know it was damn tasty.   I wasn't bothered, or asked to move, and I was lightly attended to by a friendly waitress throughout the entirety of my time. If only Rockland County could have more artsy and out-of-the-box places like Art Cafe.  However, I am happy it at least has this one.
The Art Café in Nyack has simply the best breakfast/brunch I have ever had in my entire life.  Everything is homemade.  The hummus is warm and freshly made, and the sandwiches just explode with flavor.  I really have nothing negative to say about this place.  The clientele is very stuffy, but when your in good company, it doesn't matter.   I'd go back even if Satan himself dined here for the amazing goat cheese, date sauce and onion sandwich.
Ask for a dish of olives when you sit down- they are delicious, and complementary, but you must ask for them.  I also recommend the hummus appetizer. Overall: decent food, great coffee and tea, very nice pastry selection.  My breakfast malawach was okay, but a bit difficult to eat (too chewy & hard to cut) and not very well seasoned.  The tomato sauce they serve it with is good, unusual and a bit sweet.  Their side salad comes drenched in olive oil, also under seasoned, so next time (yes, there will probably be a next time) I would get it without any dressing.  My friend's rice bowl was good, but overall the main dishes were a bit lackluster, especially for the prices they charge.   The atmosphere is very nice, but try to get yourself a good table- it's kind of a hodgepodge dining setup in there, but n a charming way.  The servers are very friendly, at least!  I would give it another shot, and stick with the Mediterranean selections instead, or maybe just pastries and coffee?  The hummus and olives are great, though.  Gotta keep it simple ;)
An adorable, funky spot filled with a rambling network of dining areas, friendly waitstaff and delicious, reasonably-priced Middle Eastern dishes. Try the Israeli rice bowls ($10.50 to $11) -- a huge mound of basmati rice dressed up in not-too-spicy spices and various toppings. There's also the expected array of hummus appetizers and other goodies that won't hurt your wallet too much. John's Balls ($6.75) gives you three generous scoops of goat cheese wrapped in dried herbs/spices accompanied by a very nice salad and lovely crispy pita-ish bread. Enough for several to share as an appetizer or for two to share as a light main course. Even the lemonade and mint tea are refreshing! Definitely a reliable spot for a quick bite to eat.
The Art Cafe is one of the most unique and exquisite restaurants in Rockland. It's the perfect place for breakfast, lunch or even dinner, and one of the only places to get authentic Israeli cuisine outside of the city. Understandably, the restaurant gets crowded, which seems to be the only reason anybody on Yelp has given Art Cafe less than 5 stars, but its popularity is a testament to the Art Cafe's pleasant vibe, wonderful atmosphere, delicious, high-quality food, and reasonable prices. We came here to celebrate my mother's birthday. The restaurant, as always, was bustling, the service was very good and the waitstaff attentive. I ordered a shakshuka, a traditional Israeli dish made with a tomato base and an egg. It was the best I've eaten. My mother, who is from Israel, ordered a humus platter. She told me she hadn't eaten such delicious humus since she was in Israel. Anybody who is in Nyack or passing through Nyack won't regret giving the Art Cafe a try.
We stopped by with a big group with many kids. Everyone found things they liked. The food was very good, fresh and tasty. Intersting variety of food. Service was excellent It was a nice surprise to find such a nice place that looked good and also had good foods.
The first time I came to Art Cafe, they had not yet expanded to the entire bottom floor of this charming renovated Victorian home.  Sitting in a cozy nook (one of many you can find there), my boyfriend and I instantly found our new favorite place to get coffee and brunch in town. We tried the yogurt and granola with fresh berries and we could not believe how amazing it was! Ever since then, I stop in almost every day (especially for their incredible cappuccino). If you have never tried the espresso drinks from Art Cafe, you are missing out. Trust me, you'll go  back for more! On top of the awesome coffee and tea selections, the food is wonderful, and one of a kind... Try that yogurt, or the homemade hummus! It can get busy on weekends, but it's worth it to sit down and try something! With yummy, eclectic dishes, great coffee, and a cute new space...I give Art Cafe a well deserved 5 stars!
I love the art cafe! Medaterrainian food is my favorite, but still, this place is great. The hummus is amazing, but theier are other things on the menu that are to-die-for, also. The borekas and the malawach are great, and the salads are delcious, too. I like to get the picasso salad or the picasso rice bowl. Also, the mint lemonade is so good! Plus, they also have a great atmosphere. They recently expanded into next door and they also have a lovley little outdoor terrace with umbrellas to shade the tables. I love this place-definitly the best of Nyack!
Absolutely amazing. Everything I have had is good and causes a craving. And there are always other things I want to try. The sabich and goat cheese malawah are awesome. Even the iced tea is great. They recently increased their prices which is a bummer but they know they got a good thing going on so what can you do. It won't keep me from going.
I saw the photos posted on their website, and my first impression was, "Ok, I can eat there as long as there's something good to eat". And I was planning a trip to Bear Mountain State Park about 30 miles north of there, so I was there simply for food. (By the way, finding a parking spot is like finding Waldo in a book full of Waldo impersonators.) Having lived in NY for a majority of my life (with an exile to Princeton, NJ, at one point), I don't remember the last time I visited such a quaint, little eatery... except in Princeton, NJ. When I say "quaint" and "little", I mean literally "quaint" and "little". Imagine a 2-story house from the earlier part of the 20th century. Now imagine that the kitchen is the kitchen, that the dining room and storeroom are the eating areas, and that the living room is the gift shop. You now know how the Art Cafe of Nyack is laid out. Having been seated in the storeroom, there was a slight wait for the food after we'd ordered. For the most part it allowed me to take in the ambiance, which I looked around long and hard at. It felt like I went over to my friend's house and sat down to have brunch. (This is a good thing.) I had the date sauce over malawach, which is superb. The only thing I didn't like was the dull-as-a-butter-knife knife they had. With a crust that hard to cut, it should be a steak knife! I suppose it harkens back to a time - probably the time the house was built - where prepping food took as much effort as using a dull knife on a hard crust. I enjoyed this Art House Cafe - it had a great ambiance and awesome food (Mmm, malawach... with date sauce...) I'm not sure about when I'll be back in the area, but I'm planning itineraries with this locale in mind.
I live in Hell's Kitchen and I often frequent local cafes. On my drive upstate to escape the city for a bit, I couldn't resist stopping in to this charming cafe. So cozy... intimate seating, great lighting and ambiance and Malawach....one of the most delicious edibles every invented, that I have trouble finding in the city. The truffles melt in your mouth and I couldn't resist taking home the garlic marinated olives. I sat in a corner booth with my laptop for a couple hours to catch up on work, sipping on a Blue Bottle cappuccino and served by a friendly staff. If your headed upstate I highly recommend this stop on your journey.
The first time I went here, I had a disappointing lunch. The service was just terrible. The food was acceptable but it took a long time to get it and it wasn't actually what we ordered. I was sad that it wasn't better because there is nice outdoor seating and it is right next to the library. BUT THEN... I went back recently because I walk by this place each morning on my way to the bus stop. That is when I discovered their great pastries and good morning deals. If you go before 11am, there are two deals. One is pastry plus coffee for $3 (+tax). The other is pastry plus any espresso drink for $5 (+tax). These are great deals because there is no restriction on size or type of drink. So I can order a large soy mocha which normally costs $4+ and get a pastry for only pennies more. Woot! Now I stop by on my way to the bus about once a week. The croissants are all yummy. They have the deal if you stay there too (with endless cup of coffee), but their service is spotty. I dunno if it is a Nyack thing, but they just insist on having table service even when it just makes things slower. I guess they want the tips?
Yay! Such a change from the usual salad and sandwich lunch fare. The salads are delicious here, flatbreads are delish. My bf loves the little olives they give to start, but I think you need to Ask for them, they don't just come. During the art walk my friend had her paintings showing here at art cafe. The staff made us feel at home with their attentive and understanding service and encouraging words and compliments (on my friend's paintings). We both ordered soy capps and they were better than Starbucks. I could have drank 4 more if I didn't want to sleep that night. I still think about that soy Capp bc I haven't had one As good since! Then my friend and I ordered a malwhich, which is like a sandwich but the bread is thin and crunchy and the fillings inside are just enough to fill up the Space in between the bread. So every bite is filled with all the flavors, melty cheese, and great flavor. There is no other place like this around. If you're feeling artsy or just want to try something different, go here! I recommend going for brunch or lunch as that's what kind of food is served. Not sure about dinner menu, but heck, I'd go here anytime of the day!
The coffee here is good. The food is so-so. The price is too high for average food that might be better made at your house. The service is horrible. Very busy on the weekends, very hipster everyday.
One of my favorite spot... love the pancakes, if anyone has the recipe let me know :)
One word of warning here. Meat lovers move on. It doesn't say outright that it's vegan but it is. I am not actually sure I would have gone in the first place had I known that but eh? After all it turned out pretty well for us. It's mediterranean style cuisine and everything was really good. The salad was really great with super fresh and crisp leaves and the seasoning was pretty creative. The mezze dish was good and fresh. I also don't think they have a wine or spirits license (very sad implication being no bloody mary!!) but I opted for a fancy tea which was really good and eventually paired well with the lunch. It was still a sunny day and we were seated outside on their charming patio. They provide blankets for those who find it a bit chilly which I think is a great attention. The inside is very cute too. Very good stop for Nyack, we most certainly be back (although Strawberry almost just in front is great too!)
We fell upon this place after walking down Main, and swiftly fell in love.  The feel is Mediterranean, but upon closer inspection it is as authentically Israeli as it gets with unbelievable food to match.   The borekas, malawach and quiche were all incredible, but surprisingly they were all outshined by the hummus.   Also, the earl gray tea service was delicious and made me feel as if I had just taken a breather from shopping in a shuk around the corner.   Will return, without question.
I met a couple friends for lunch yesterday in Nyack, and when the line was too long at Strawberry Place, we crossed the street and came here. The building is really nice: an old Victorian house with the cafe on one side and a ceramics shop on the other. The food is really good. It was vegetarian, which I wasn't expecting, but I enjoyed it. The olives are fantastic, and my latte was good, too. But the layout of the cafe itself is kind of weird. I'm sure this is due to the shape of the house, but they crammed so many tables into the space that I could practically smell our neighbors at the next table. And the service was absurdly slow; and one of the waitresses seemed perpetually confused by everything happening. I hope it was her first day. Finally, went I went to buy a jar of olives as we were leaving, they were TEN BUCKS. Apparently if you return with the jar, they'll refill it for four dollars, but a six-dollar glass jar? That's no freakin' bargain.
This place is the best.  I moved to Nyack about a year ago and this quickly became my favorite place to eat in town.  The Shakhuka is one of my favorite things I've ever eaten anywhere!  It's also the best place for coffee in town.  The vibe is homey and the staff is super nice and friendly.  A+ Go Go Go!
What a total disappointment! I've gone to the Art Cafe a bunch of times and have always loved it. On Friday night (March 15, 2013) I drove up from Manhattan with two friends to meet a friend who lives in Nyack for a delicious meal at Art Cafe.... we raved about Art Cafe to our friends who had never been, they were excited to go too. So after a long week of work we finally got up to Nyack that crisp Friday night and made our way to Art Cafe... it was 8:20P when we walked in. The "head server" a young kid greeted us at the entrance by saying "we're not serving anymore tonight".  Mind you, my friend who lives in Nyack is a regular at the Art Cafe, knows the owner and the owner/manager (son of the owner). She had just eaten at Art Cafe the day before and the same kid waited on her and was very helpful. Unfortunately not this night.... We were dumbfounded... it's 8:20P on a Friday night, in multiple places on the Art Cafe website it says the restaurant closes at 9P. My Nyack friend was quite upset about this, she tells the "head server" that she's going to contact the owner, the kid doesn't flinch, "sorry we're not serving anymore", Nyack friend says "you served me yesterday, you know I'm here all the time." She goes back and forth with the "head server" for a few minutes. Not budging the kid says, "hear me out"... Nyack friend doesn't want to hear him out, but I interject and say, "okay, I'll hear you out"... expecting him to say they ran out of pita bread or something to justify shutting out a regular customer, a customer who has been there a handful of times and always raves about the spot (me) and two new customers that traveled 40 minutes to eat there!... the kid says "I've had a real long day, I'm exhausted and I have to be back here in the morning to open..." it's 8:20P kid, you live in the suburbs and it's a Friday night... are you kidding me, you're talking to three adults that have worked all week and want to sit for a meal at 8:20P!! This was not the "excuse" any of us wanted to hear... he then said we could sit but we had to be out of the restaurant by 9:05 or 9:10p the latest... and with that friendly invitation, we turned and walked out the door. Unbelievable. We went to Murasaki, the sushi place on the main drag in Nyack instead. And we had a great meal at Murasaki! My friend emailed the owner about the above experience, he apologized but didn't offer anything in return for her inconvenience. An excerpt from the email response is below, so heed this warning... Art Cafe closes around 8P, don't get there any later or you'll be giving this otherwise good restaurant a one star review as well. Excerpt of the email response from the owner/manager: "As a policy we seat the last table at 8:30 pm and the reason we do so is because we do not want anyone who decides to sit at the Art Cafe, which isn't typically a half an hour experience, to feel rushed. As part of that policy , I ask the waiters to give a warning before seating anyone at that hour to clearly state, "you are welcome to sit, but just to let you know, we do close at 9pm sharp". At 9 pm is typically when we begin the clean up process and its difficult in our small space to clean up when we have people sitting down. In the summer, when outdoor seating is available , the policy is slightly more flexible ( as you and [deleted name] have experienced before). The reason we are open till nine is to give a guest the opportunity to finish up ( even some of the best restaurants in the city won't seat a certain amount of time before close) or for someone to order some food to go (kitchen is closed at 8:50)." Unfortunately it's a poorly run establishment and that's a bummer because it is good but service is everything in the service industry and this was an epic fail. If you want to read the entire email response from the owner/manager I can post it here. PS: This is not the first time I've been denied seating after 8P... I came here a year ago with a different "regular" local resident of Nyack on a weeknight and was told they weren't seating anymore so we went to the Mexican restaurant in town instead.
Excellent.. best coffee and espresso in Rockland.
