A pub that specializes in Philly style steak sandwiches, going so far as to not only offer cheez whiz as an option, but apparently, also get their rolls from a bakery in Philadelphia? I'm there with bells on. First, please allow me to wax poetic on the wonder that is cheez whiz. Look, if you are serious about your steak sandwich you absolutely must have it with cheez whiz. The salty, gooey, neon orange cheese-like spread makes magic when mixed with beef and it's fat. And it elevates an average sandwich to heart clogging greatness. Anyway, I arrived on a Saturday at lunch time. The bar was full of lumpy, balding, unshaven, 40 and 50 something men, reveling in the decadent vice that is a steak sandwich with a cold beer. I immediately felt at home. The bartender, an attractive young lass in her 20s, warmly greeted me as I settled in to raise my cholesterol levels to stratospheric heights. I ordered a beer and a Philly steak with (of course) cheez whiz as well as sautéed onions, and jalapeños. The sandwiches here are large, but not gigantic, and I thought the size was perfect. It was enough to satisfy, without being so big as to require an ambulance to be on standby in the parking lot. When my sandwich arrived, I said a prayer that my heart would survive the meat orgy, and dug in. It did not disappoint. It arrived piping hot on a long, thin toasted roll. The finely chopped steak was well seasoned, and there was an ample amount of onions, whiz, and jalapeños. It was delicious. One of the best Philly steaks I've ever had. Next time I'm craving a steak sandwich, Philly Bar and Grill will be at the top of my list.
Very solid place. The rotating beers are solid, and it's always 2 for 1, which you can't beat. Plenty of TVs to watch whatever sport you may like. On weekends it becomes a bit more of a club than a straight up bar, which is a nice thing to have in the middle of Latham.
Food is generous in portion size but inconsistent in quality but More good than bad. Nice patio and 2 for 1 beers are good deal. The al Bruno guy that sins is a little strange.
They make you show to forms of id's with picture and birthdate. I was not allowed in with an enhanced license which allows me entrance into Mexico and Canada and back into the US but wasn't allowed into Philly's?  The next time with the same id I got in no problem. The difference? First time I was with black people and second time I was alone. I think we need to call a spade a spade! My experience this past time resulted in me being harassed by the bouncer for having a Schenectady address which he referred to me as Schenectady scum. I happen to be an educated,  successful business owner. I will take my $$$$$ elsewhere. I will see to it that my family,  friends,  business partners, neighbors and everyone I meet (told 15 plus people in person at various places today) about the treatment I received.
Had a few friends stop by for happy hour and said it was a pretty decent time. We decided to all meet up for a 4 o'clock game. At first I was happy to see a good selection of beers and responsible prices. Half way through the game a table of men started yelling slurs at our female friend because she was excited to see her team winning. We are well conditioned to sports fans but this was completely inappropriate. They approached their table twice asking them to stop and they only got worse with sexual remarks. Other people in the bar started getting offended by it and also asked them to back off. This continued for about an hour while our waitress apologized but then seemed to go into hiding. The waitress serving them apparently thought this was hilarious and was asking them if they were causing trouble in a flirting manner and giggling. She continued serving them more beer which they obviously didn't need. They never told them to leave because apparently their tip was more important. I can tolerate a lot but I do not tolerate men harassing and threading females. Apparently this place drinks to it. Not to mention children were sitting right next to us. No thanks Philly's. You should be ashamed.
This place is a hive of scum and villainy. Alright maybe just scum...but from the outside, the patio looks fun right? Then you get close and  you notice all the extras from Winter's Bone hanging out and chain smoking cigarettes. I'd say the clientele is the biggest problem with this place and it's impossible to even know where they come from really. We're in Latham for Christ's sakes, the Beverly Hills of Albany!! Surely I jest but being here reminds me of sitting on public transit...which actually reminds me, there is a bus stop a few meters away from this place which, could explain something. It really does feel like the Ancient Order of White Trashians and Drunken College Bafoon Association holds their weekly meetings at this place. This week on the scumbag agenda...when to double park, dealing with your sub 500 credit score and the importance of talking loud enough that everyone can hear your conversation. [excerpt from one loud patron overheard on a Saturday afternoon this summer] "I TOLD JOEY, HE COULD PICKUP HIS PLAY-STAY-TION WHEN HE GETS HIS LIE-CENSE BACK! I'M NOT A DELIVERY SERVICE! HE CHEATED ON ME!!" I've been here for lunch a few times, several times for a beer out on the patio on a Saturday afternoon in the summer and once briefly for football. When I came for lunch I sat outside at the bar and through a large transparent door I could see all the garbage and nastiness piled up from the kitchen. That's really not very appetizing while I am trying to eat. Especially when the door opened and a breeze blew in and I knew exactly what I was smelling.  WTF?! EHHKKK One football Sunday when I was here two drunk patrons got into shouting match over a game and a fight broke out! I felt like I was at an actual NFL game...and I didn't even have to sit in the cold, pay $10 for a beer or admission tickets...sweet. If you are just going to have a beer and enjoy the weather in the spring or summer, it's decent because even this place can screw that up. Just make sure to be seated far away from the garbage pile and dregs of humanity. The food is a joke...I wonder if the other reviewers were as drunk as the rest of the scummers at this place to rate wings here anything better than subpar and anyone who's ever been to Philadelphia knows how ridiculous their cheesestakes are. Just gross, anyways.. There's live music here sometimes and a DJ on Saturday, a Trivia night, wing and drink specials for football but the food is terrible. It's just consistently awful, I would rate the quality somewhere at the Applebees Chris Berman 2 for $20 level...hovering about there or less. Philly's is just really a waste of space and disappointment. One star for have a beautiful patio and another for having yummy craft beer. I'd give a half star if I could because they employ a staff of bouncers full time, seriously even on a Friday afternoon there's security here LOL. This is divey college bar...taper your expectations, it's no better no worse.
Some of the best Philly Cheese-steaks outside of the Philly area!  The prices are fair and the amounts of food are enormous! The bar was recently rehabbed and looks great, and the price are reasonable for the amount of food you get!  We've got a group of DJs who meet there on a regular basis, and everyone gets excited when we know the location for our monthly meeting is Phillys! Give it a shot.  I promise you won't be disappointed!
This is my first review so bear with me.  Feels like this is a term paper, I keep editing it over and over.  Argh! Anyway, Philly Bar and Grill is one of my main bi-weekly lunch spots.  Its tucked away in an odd spot on 155 basically across from Dee Dee's.  It is a bar (which will make my only yelp friend snicker) but the main attraction is the food.  I have never been there at night so I wouldn't know how the nightlife is. As the name suggests, they serve cheesesteaks.  And they are AWESOME.  You can get your choice of meats and toppings...custom style...or order a standard one or a specialty one like a pizza steak or a buffalo steak.  There are endless combinations.  I am a big guy, but one of these fills me completely.  I'd say half the time people take half of it home.  But they are awesome.  As a matter of fact, no location anywhere in the capital district comes close.  You gotta try one! Second really good thing about this place is the wings.  I am a HUGE fan of hot food, and this place can "bring it" heat wise...if you know what to say.  There is a heat level called "homicide" wings that you can order, its not on the menu.  And you will get a solid habenero style wing.  Lots of creeping heat.  Now, sadly, over the last six months the heat factor has slowly gone down....but still can be very hot compared to most.  If you don't like super hot and tasty wings, you can get them normal.  They are solid. They have sandwiches and burgers which look good, but I've never tried them.  I mean seriously, this is a place you go when you want a cheesesteak or a hot wing....thats what I go for at least. The place recently expanded its outside deck and has a full outside bar.  It has a few TV's and such and looks like it could be a great sunny happy hour place.  Again, I've never been there for that, nor have I even had a beer there.  But it could be neat spot for that I just don't know for sure. The waitresses are cool and friendly, but the place is notoriously slow and understaffed.  Usually its one girl working the whole restaurant and bar during lunch.  We were there a few weeks ago during the nice day during the NCAA tourny and it took forever.  We sometimes will pre-order wings if we know we are coming and have a big party.   Youll get a lot of military types in fatigues in there from the guard base around the corner, and a smattering of locals drinking even though its noon.  Then youll get business folks like us come in and out, as again, its a great lunch spot. One last thing for locals is that they accept something called a "source card" from the Times Union.  Subscribers get this card...and it scores a 20% discount.  Well worth remembering that.....just be sure to tip on the original total!!  Even without it, you can expect to pay $10-$12 for a cheesesteak with drink lunch, and around $14 or so a head if you toss some wings into the mix.  It's really well priced, and I'll update this next time I go with some ideas of what things really cost. Hope this helps, it would get a five if not for the slow service....but then again I don't know how the "bar" part is, just the lunch portion.
Philly's has been around a long time, and I always assumed it was a middle-aged alcoholics bar based on the fact that my boss from a summer job in college was one and he used to beg me to drop him off there after work.  Up last week, I'd never been any farther than the parking lot, let alone inside the bar. While home for the holidays, I came here with friends since someone we knew was already hanging out at Philly's.  Despite the fact that this bar is in the middle of Latham with nothing around it and it was before 10, my friend's husband had to pay a $3 cover (ladies were free til 10am).  I was a little shocked but they said it was because of the live music.  The live music turned out to be a past-middle aged singer who sang a bunch of old cheesy songs.  He stopped singing shortly after we got there too since it was definitely a rip off but whatever.   The bar is nothing special, just a standard bar with nothing to recommend it.  The drinks were decently priced, but that's really all I can say to recommend it.  I'd rather go almost anywhere else.
Philly is right around the corner from my apartment making it a more regular stop for me these days. It's a very large bar with some killer outside seating if it's a nice day. Even if it isn't nice, there's a large covered section outside if you don't feel like listening to karaoke or the dj they have spinning. If you are one for a bar having different specials and nightly entertainment this bar is a good option for you.   They have a solid selection of draft beer and if you can't find a winner on draft chances are they have it in a bottle. I'm yet to try a mixed drink here, but the bar staff is very friendly and i'm sure will whip up whatever cocktail you desire. As for the food, I have only had a few items, but all i've had has been good. They have awesome chicken wings which is really what I find myself sticking to when I come in. My friends had a philly and a burger and seemed to be pleased with both. So if you are looking for a place to have a drink outside, enjoy some wings or dance while attempting to sing karaoke this would be a good option within Latham.
The food is great. The owner is very nice. There is a lot of craziness on Sunday's during the NFL season. You get every fan here because there are 30 TV's and the package. You'll always get to see your team play. If you can handle riff raff and banter, as well as, great food and good beer, give it a try.
Philly's has been around for quite awhile now and I always just dismissed it as some Cougar bar in Latham. Until one afternoon I decided to check it out for myself and see how the cheesesteaks stacked up. The whole place was remodeled not too long ago and its actually fairly nice inside. There are flat screen TVs everywhere if you are trying to watch a game. Unfortunately it was too cold outside to check out the deck. I came primarily for a cheesesteak but when we got there the aroma of wings filled the air and I had to get an order. Everything was much better than I expected. The wings were crispy and had a decent sauce. The cheesesteaks are fairly large and customizable. One thing that can make or break a cheesesteak is the roll, and they have a pretty good roll. Give em a shot if you are in the area. Good for tavern/bar food.
Went to Philly Bar & Grill on Saturday with my husband who is a recent transport from Philly and we were looking to catch the Phillies Cards game.  It was quiet when we arrived and we sat near a table of some other folks from Philly.  :-)  The waitress/bartender was sweet and attentive.  They had two-for-one drink specials the whole time we were there.  We started with the sampler platter which was really yummy.  The chicken tenders were juicy and crispy and the french fries were addictive.  We devoured the whole plate of food in no time.  We followed it up with a couple of cheesesteaks (having been to the great places in Philly - we had to compare) and these were, by far, the best cheesesteaks we've had outside of Philly.  They have Whiz!  That's important.  :-)  The bread is key to a good cheesesteak and this didn't disappoint. I would've been happier with a little more variety of beer on tap, but what they had was decent.  We also were there during a shift changeover and it took FOREVER for our second waitress to even stop at our table, we had empty beers for more than a half hour before she came to our table.  The place had filled up really fast after 7 and she had another large table, but we were just two people, it would've been nice if she had at least checked in on us after our first waitress left. We'll definitely be back for Flyers and Eagles games this season!
I have probably driven by this place 1000 times over the past few years and only now actually stopped in for dinner. Overal not a bad local place for a bite at a reasonable price. Sevice was attentive but the food prep was a bit on the slow side. The wait is not bad if you are seated out on the deck and the weather is nice. The Philly steak sanwiches are very good. They allow for lots of customization. Portions are generous. This place would have gotten 3.5 stars if Yelp allowed it. Not quite a 4 star place but still solid.
Ate  there last night as it was close to the Latham Inn where we were staying for the night and the reviews were pretty good. We sat on the patio and it was Bingo night which was fun. It took some time to get served and had to approach the bar to get attention but a waitress finally came. Had the Maryland crab cake sandwich and Caesar salad which were good. It was an enjoyable time, in easy walking distance to the Inn and good food.
This place was decent at first for Sunday football, until a group of bros started picking fights with all the other tables, saying demeaning things to girls who were there minding their own business and just there to watch the games. One waitress laughed with these douchebags like it was funny, and our waitress when told what had been said to us (completely foul remarks when we were just watching the game and had nothing to do with them), just basically said "I'm sorry. Can I get you a shot on the house?".. Instead of actually dealing with these a$$holes. The waitresses completely handled the situation wrong, and the guys continued to hassle other tables near them who we're minding their own business. My friends and l will never go back to this place, and I'm sure some of the other customers around us won't be either.
I really did not enjoy the food here very much, but the atmosphere sort of made up for it. My friend and I sat outside where they have a really nice selection of high tops and more traditional tables. Our waitress was alright and they have a decent selection of beers. However, my cajun burger was kind of sub-par. While the roll was excellent and I liked the flavor combination of cajun mayo, friend onions and the usual burger toppings, the quality of the meat was very poor (a la McDonald's) and the burger was undercooked. The salad my friend and I shared was decent but nothing to rave about. I would go back here for drinks outside, but not sure that I'd bother again with the food, maybe just get some fries and apps.
One of the entrances is right next to the dart board. I'd suggest the front entrance (it's basically a house) or going before anyone gets severly drunk while playing darts. Or something. The only good thing about this place is: Taco Bell/Long John Silvers combo is two doors down, and it's cheap. This place didn't used to exist. Basically it used to just be the Marinara and Dee Dee's, but that's no longer the case. This place decides that, whilst right behind the EconoLodge, it's going to act as a bastion of college kids who aren't in college in anymore. that's ok, but when you're pushing 32 in Latham and without any sort of family or network (those people would go to Dee Dee's, see) you're kinda just going to go to this place and slug it out with cheap mugs and cheaper Miller Lite. First thing when we walked in: man at bar goes, "HEY GUYS, HOW'S EVERYTHING" I reply "Hey it's good man" he replies "I'M SHIIIITFACED". I thought he was the manager or something. A group of Northfacers (I call them Northfacers because anyone outside a metropolitan area, no matter if they actually ski or not, pretty much every clean cut upstater wears Northface apparel) were dancing the night away to Justin Timberlake and Meatloaf on the digi jukebox. There's full windows on all sides here, so you can easily see the tragihilarity that goes on from afar. The girls were really hamming it up, and the guys riding each other because it's their way of saying they are progressive. They try to string along some sort of Philly theme to it: there's a painting of Rocky at the steps in one corner, a couple of Philly "things" on the walls (Eagles, Flyers, etc.). But it's a sad attempt.
Great philly cheese steaks. Good sized sandwiches. The waitresses are hot! The food comes out quick. They have daily drink specials in the bar. Watch out for flying darts near the entrance.
3 years ago we came here for the first time, and we're still going back! We're not big drinkers, but we eat their food, and it's always good and great on your wallet. Philly's recently remodeled and it looks fantastic, they did a great job! The food has improved, too, which is great because it was already delicious! We love their loaded Philly fries, and although they were always good, they were a little sloppy and skimpy on the toppings. Now they are hot, fresh fries with cheesy, ranch & bacony goodness spread evenly over the plate. MMMM so good!
several brews on tap.... loud
Bartenders were friendly. One even looked up a recipe on her phone for a drink we asked for. Philly cheesesteak fries were pretty good.
