Probably some of the best pub food that I have ever had.  Everything was home made.  The portions were just right and the 38 draught beers were just perfect.
I will never, ever, EVER, buy a drink at this establishment again. Can someone please explain how on a Saturday night at 11PM one can buy a drink of Saranac Pumpkin and it be 5.50, and then an HOUR later it's 8.50? I'm fairly sure that the bartender thought I was drunk and wouldn't count my cash because he verbally told me 12 dollars, and then returned with three and explained that the "prices must have risen". The prices ONLY got higher for that beer. I will come to dance possibly cause the dance floor is nice and they play good songs but it's hotter then the sun, can somebody get a vent or an A/C up in there? Nobody looks good when they are sweating like they just ran a marathon and it's not even PACKED yet. Ah. I'll crowd your dance floor but I'll never pay another dime to this shady establishment.
Good location, fair bar/pub food, service good waiter very attentive. As for the clients and the trucker mouth bartender, this place is right for troy and no where else. One thing that made me chuckle was the signs on the bathroom said troylet. That would be  insulting but hell I'm insulting myself.
First, keep in mind that my review is based on my past two experiences at this restaurant. I've also never been to this bar/restaurant after normal business hours. Upon reviewing their menu, I found it to be very bizarre that they had pastas and pizzas listed. Nevertheless, I tried lunch here twice and the food was too salty on both occasions. The first time I visited I had a salad. I don't remember what kind of dressing they tossed on there, but it made it REALLY salty and sour. I should have asked for it to be served separate. The second time, I tried the buffalo chicken wrap with mild sauce and no bacon. That too was EXTREMELY salty. Maybe it was due to the blue cheese and whatever kinds of cheese they had in there, but it was way too salty. Had the bacon been in there, it would have be worse. The baked chips that are served with the wrap seems stale, but at least they weren't salty. I wouldn't recommend this place, especially for the price range and my experience. It may just be the way they cook their meals, but it's not for me. The servers were really nice and always checked on our table if we needed any drinks. It didn't take long for us to be seated. It would be nice if they offered military or student discounts.
The first star is because they accommodated our pre-Music Hall rush for food, and the second for the live band, and the pleasant bartender/ waiter. The mozzarella sticks we did get were not hot and could have come from the nearest grocery store freezer. The rest of our order was confused by the server and never put in. No adjustment to the bill for the mistake, but an apology. I will not return to try it again when there is so much else to try in Troy.
Returned to give it another try.... There's a reason Friendly's is higher rated (thought much less expensive).
Over a year has passed and another lunch with friends has brought us back because we were pleased with our previous visit.  Not much has changed since the last visit. I ordered the Inside-Out Burger ($9.95) stuffed with cheddar cheese and bacon and topped with sautéed onions.  It was cooked perfectly to the requested medium-rare and was served on a fresh poppy seeded roll.  It was a pretty good burger.  It came with Texas fries that were quite good.   There are 38 beers on tap.  I had a 16 oz. pint of Blue Point Oatmeal Stout ($6 - 4.5 abv).  Great with the burger. Both friends were pleased with their meals.  One had a Turkey Melt ($9.95) and the other had the Chicken Tenders ($7.95). The chicken tenders were declared to be especially good, believing to be freshly prepared by the kitchen and not previously frozen from a food distributor.
Waited an hour for ordinary Pub food, not worth the wait! The band playing was way too loud and made the night even more annoying. My friends and I decided to stop at Bootlegger's on Troy Night out, never again! The waitress Nicolette, attempted to be nice and assured us 3 times our food would be ready, but we should have bailed. The hostess seated us in the same area as 3 other tables, which would put any waitress immediately in the weeds.  This is outright poor supervision and poor management!!  The waitress came to our Table 10 minutes after we were seated and brought our drinks almost 20 minutes later after she took our drink and food order.  This was a sign of bad things to come, but we were willing to stick it out since we were hungry.  BAD mistake!  We waited 52 minutes too long for ordinary pub food we could have gotten somewhere else.  The waitress apologized and told us the manager would offer a complimentary drink and dessert.  That was an ok offer, but a personal apology from a supervisor or manager who caused the mess, would have been more appropriate.  Never again will I eat at Bootlegger's in Troy!
Townie bar (townie in Troy means when I enter I'm not the only redhead in the place) and great food. I enjoyed the Veggieburger, it really is the best vegetarian burger in Troy. Fries are good!
We came here on a Sunday afternoon with a LivingSocial deal and were hoping to get a few good burgers. The place was pretty dead when we got there and we were immediately seated. They have a great selection of draft beer (~30 or so) and after we chose our drinks and burgers, we sat around for over 30 minuts waiting for our food. There were maybe 3 other small groups there (most of which already had food), so there was no reason why it took so long to get our meals. When we got them, the fries were bland and the burgers were fairly dry (despite wanting medium and medium-rare). All in all, we won't be back for food. They do have a nice selection of beers on tap, but it doesn't outweigh the poor service and subpar food.
First time venturing into downtown Troy and was very pleasantly surprised.  Bootleggers is a fairly typical-looking pub, and we were hungry after getting our child settled in at RPI for the year, arriving about 6 PM on Saturday.  We were warmly greeted and immediately seated at high-top window seat.  The noise level was comfortable.  OUR SERVER WAS AMAZING.  She was friendly, and up-beat, but not the least bit annoyingly perky.  She knew the menu and beer list inside and out and made great recommendations.  My husband had the Big Mac pizza and her urging and is still raving about it.  I had the Chicken Torpedo, which was big enough for three meals....and delicious!  There were lots of other things on the menu that we are looking forward to trying.  Yes, we did have a bit of a longer wait for our food than I would think typical, but it was well worth the wait.
Yes!    I have high hopes for this place. I'm so glad one of the new places on this street worked out. After debating where to go for dinner, Frannie Panties C.(I beat you to the review, BOO YAH!)  and I decided to walk by this place and check out the menu. When we saw veggie burger was on the menu, it was decided. The service was borderline slow but pretty fast considering there was one bartender and one server for a full bar area and maybe 10 tables. However, they were both cheerful and helpful. They both aided us in the effort to sit outside.  The bartender sat us by the window so we could watch when someone left and the server ran us outside when a table was free.   We both ordered the veggie burgers. I opted for the sweet potato fries  and chipotle sauce instead of regular but sadly I didn't receive them.  I decided not to make a fuss about it since the server was already running around like crazy and I like fries in all shapes and sizes. The veggie burger made up for it. So many places take the veggie burger eaters for granted. "Oh, they don't eat beef?   They must not have taste buds!   Serve them some slop between some bread!" Not this place!   The buns we toasted and the whole thing was just yummy. The fries were well, fries.  Nothing special but not too bad.   The beer selection wasn't amazing but it was admirable.   The bill!   (2) veggie burgers with fries (3) Beers (1) Soda $32.50     Not bad, not bad at all! What?  What was that?  Wrap it up b?  Fine. Yummy veggie burgers, Good beer selection, great price and great service and it just had a nice vibe to it.    I'll be back!  Oh yes, I'll be back. (I hope this place stays like this,  there's always a chance things can get weird.  I'll cross my fingers)
So, its momma's day and I'm out grabbing a bite before dinner. I'm just a jerk like that. We went in, and it was dead, 2 tables outside and us inside. The bartender/waitress was super sweet and attentive, and the game was on and she made sure I could see it from every angle, I appreciated that. The beers on tap are extensive and the tap is clean, no headache or skunky taste. The beer was cold and fresh and the food was good pub food. Rivals the old Brown's for burgers, the Brown's that I miss. Fries were seasoned and good and we shared the fried mushrooms. What a taste, brings me back, they were old school delicious. Overall service and food was good, I'll be back, hopefully to expirience the fun that goes on there too. Refrigerators June 2nd I think, should be a good time!!!
So I wrote a review about bootleggers a few months ago.  Somehow it  completely disappeared.  It wasn't even banished to the "page of shame" , aka flagged reviews.  I'm a bit annoyed but then again, it's in their favor because this review is going to be much better. First, I wish I had frequented this establishment during daylight hours vs first going on a weekend night.  What I experienced during the day was completely different then the weekend night experience. I went with friends for a late afternoon lunch.  The place is nice, spacious, and clean.  The food, although very simple with offerings such as burgers, salads, pizza and sandwiches, was surprisingly good. Three of us decided to share three items since we weren't super hungry.  We got the inside-out burger, one of the salads with chicken (can't remember the name) and a bowl of chili.  The burger was fantastic.  It was huge.  It was perfectly cooked to MR, served on a really nice buttered and grilled bun with the regular fixings and fries. The inside was stuffed with cheddar and bacon and the top was smothered in perfectly sautéed onions.  it was delicious.  Messy, but devine! Next time though I think I would order a regular burger topped with cheddar, bacon and sautéed onions since although delicious as it was in it's stuffed mode, everything in the middle oozed out as we cut into it.  That didn't deter from our enjoyment though. We just needed extra napkins.  On my own and with nothing else ordered, I could not have possibly finished this burger.  So the $9 price tag was justified.  Especially if you are super hungry and have a huge appetite AND want a quality burger. We also got a salad.  I can't remember which one but it had chicken and nuts and dried berries.  It was very good.  It was also large.  The lettuce was very fresh and crisp and all the ingredients were quality.  Then the chili.  We got a bowl which was topped with onions and melted cheddar and surrounded by multi colored tortilla chips for dipping.  I LOVE CHILI.  However, I was not impressed by theirs.  My friends liked it but they are wimps when it comes to heat and spices.  I found it tasting to much like not cooked enough canned tomatoes and seriously under seasoned.  I did like that there were bell peppers and onions but it just tasted like the whole combination needed to simmer for a few more hours to meld all the Flavors. I'm giving this new review based on the food we ate during daylight hours.  My previous review gave the place a 1 star review as a nighttime bar.  Because...if you are over 25, don't wear provocative/ boarder line skanky cloths (woman) or dress like a gangster rapper wannabe (man), then you most likely won't like the weekend nightlife here. But if you're looking for a decent lunch, this place hits the spot.  They also have a decent beer selection from everyday common to higher end imports and micros.
The appetizers were good and came quick. that was the good part. We were there later in the evening on a weekend.  The bar (inside, not the location) was very difficult to get to. The Music was so loud that even at a yell it was hard to hear the people right next to me. there was also a lovely fight that ended with someone knocking out a plate glass window. Bottom line- too many drunk college kids, There are more peaceful bars for responsible adults looking for a good evening.
I went because I had a groupon.  The beer selection was great if you could get anyone to serve you.  The waitress came over after about 10 minutes and took an order for us for three draft beers.  After waiting 15 minutes I walked to the bar where I saw our drinks sitting and watched the bartender just stand there.  After looking at me three different times he finally yelled from the other end of the bar "do you need something?"  I waved him over and explained we had been waiting for our beer, and he said he would bring them over to the table which he did.  We then got our food which was very good and we were hoping this would turn our experience around.  We all had empty glasses when our good came and were never asked if we would like another round or even water.  After 10 minutes of no drinks I finally went to the bar for another round.  The same bartender again walked by me 5 times (there may have been 10 other people at the bar). Finally a barback apologized and said he would get the bartender.  At that point I was done.  We got our check paid and left.  I will order take out from there since the food was good but will NEVER go in to drink, which is a shame since they do have a great selection of craft beer.
Came here on a Friday night last week. It was Troy Night Out and there was a private Halloween party in the back, so it was pretty packed. We have been here before and always commented on the excellent service from the bar to the restaurant area. This is a pretty fun place to come for Sunday football and we have visited several times before. We had to wait a while for a table and this process was a bit unorganized (thats why I took 1 star away). The friendly crowd let me in so I could order 2 craft beers while we waited. I had purchased a Groupon for (2) specialty burgers and (2) drinks for $17.00. OK, so here is where it gets good. I ordered the special Bootleggers burger with bacon cheese and a fried egg. Jayne go another specialty burger (forgot what is was, but she loved it). I have consumed my share of burgers in my day. Without a doubt, this was the finest most delicious hamburger I have ever had. The bun was perfect, the egg was a great addition, the bacon crisp, WOW......... The owner came over to validate my Groupon with a smile. Many times people try to come up with an excuse not to validate these things. (happened at the german place next door, suddenly the burger special could not be honored and it cost me an extra 6 bucks) Not here, he was happy to honor it, and we left satisfied and eager to return.
This is one of those places in Troy that I'll never think to go to on my own but shrug and agree if anyone suggests it. Food-wise, it's middle of the road bar fare. Nothing ever really shouts at me, although portions seem ginormous whenever I go (if that's your thing) Went last night to play some pool. One table was in use, and the other table was shoved in the back and had cleaning products on top of it. But there were a bunch of dart boards open, so that was cool. Had some coupon a while back for buy-one-get-one drinks. Bartender said it was good only for the day it was issued, even though it didn't say so on it. Minor annoyance, but I'd rather they own up to it being a card they shouldn't have been given out in the first place instead of basically saying that it was good, but not any more. Taps are usually clean - never had an issue with a ganky beer. Cocktails are also decent. They've got a pretty decent selection behind the bar for whatever you'd like. I've never been out late enough to see how wild it may get it at night. On the positive side, this is a great meet up for groups - huge space, lots of tables and seating. If you go on an off time (basically, before 9 pm) you'll have no issue with tables or space.
I came here with a group of folks on a Saturday night after my sister-in-laws wedding reception.  We arrived later in the evening and the band was already going.  The place was super loud and impossible to talk in most areas of the bar.  The patio was packed which wasn't surprising since it was a bit hot inside.  I think they were having some sort of event, so it may have been more crowded than normal. They had a pretty long tap list.  It was June so most beers were lagers or summer beers, which was a bit disappointing for variety, but they had some other options too.  My  husband and I waited nearly 15 minutes in line to get a beer.  When we finally got up to order I was told they were out of my choice and the bartender didn't come back for 5 minutes while she was "waiting for me to choose."  Had she not just walked away when I ordered, she would have known I easily could have ordered something else within a few seconds.  We decided to each order 2 beers since we knew waiting in the line would be pointless again. Overall, it was a disappointing experience. However, judging from the other reviews it could have just been that there was an event going on that messed up the atmosphere and service.  I'll likely give it another try when I'm in town.
For a brand new establishment this place is well on its way to becoming a local hot spot. I enjoyed drinks and nachos, with fast friendly, attentive service.  The outside seating was really great. This place is big enough to have a mid-day work meeting or a birthday celebration.    The manager came over to check on my meal and I was pleasantly surprised by the huge portions of food. I do hope that they start to include local and organic options on the menu, especially with the farmers market so close by.   I played darts and used the jukebox which was full of fun songs. I have yet to be here for the late night or weekend scene, but I see the place as comfortable and classy.   I am going to come back and see how things are after they have been open a few more weeks. I also want to check out what the bands are like, i saw they have a stage and pool tables.
Happened to stumble upon this establishment one sunday afternoon. Really freindly service, really good food. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and french onion soup. Outside seating was great. Both my girlreind I plan on becoming regulars...
3.5 stars (but I'm giving them the 4 stars because they are consistent).   They are consistently a solid A-OK.  They serve decent burgers that are cooked to order and don't arrive a la hockey puck (I like my beef still bleeding a little).  The wings (medium) are rather meh as the sauce is way too buttery for my Buffalo purist preferences (and it is blasphemy that they are even offered breaded); the blue cheese was more like peppercorn ranch with some chunks for blue cheese and it was rather awful (particularly when you're expecting blue cheese) but all in all I can't think of one bad experience that I've had here.  (Actually the wing experience reminded me of when I lived in Michigan and wings were always breaded and served with ranch...effin' ranch.  wrong! but at least there is a choice here to get them without that god awful breading)  Stick to the burgers if you're a Buffalo wing purist like me and you'll be happy.  They have some interesting looking seasonal salads, which I want to try but never do because I'm drinking margaritas at noon and need something with more substance.   They have a full bar and decent beer selection.  They have tap tables (which just screams dram shop liability to me, but hey...what do I know) that you can reserve. I'm not really sure why Bootleggers doesn't come up higher on my radar when I go out (other than when I'm looking for somewhere with outdoor seating so I can take my dog), but it has proven to be a consistently decent choice over the last 2 years....and the weekday lunch time bartender mixed a good margarita (I was on vacation don't judge).   The waitstaff have always asked if they can bring my dog a bowl of water before they even ask me for my drink order...this actually makes me very happy.
I came here with a bunch of friends during homecoming weekend. It was around 1 am. The bouncer saw a large group and requested a $5 cover. $5 cover in Troy, NY? lol we're not in NYC. Luckily one of my friends knew the bouncer and was able to talk the bouncer out of charging us. Don't get the pineapple margarita, listed on their menu. It's awful. Too tart. Live band and very spacious.
In a nutshell this place is way too loud, the food is pedestrian at best, but it's clean and the beer selection is ok. So if your looking for a place to take those friends that talk too much about things you don't give a shit about, considering your not hungry and need a decent beer, this is the perfect place. On the other hand is your hungry, want to be able to share conversation, and want a great beer. There are about 10 places within walking distance that will prove to be a better decision.
went for private party last week- was nice not fancy just ok i guess...  barstaff was excellent but atmosphere was fair...   ho hum
I LOVE this place.  I was super excited to see it when they were putting on the final touches. Needless to say I was not disappointed.  They have a reasonably good selection of tap beer (which makes or break a bar for me.)   I had a sampling of their veggie burger and was impressed.  The real reason I love this place so much was the pulled pork torpedo.  To say this sandwich was good is not remotely doing it justice.  To put it ever so delicately, this sandwich massacred all local BBQ. To quote Aristotle "That sandwich teabags Dinosaur then fist fights everyone that disagrees."  Needless to say I will be back here often. Oh, the service is awesome too!
Please note that this rating is ONLY for a slice of pie. We were on our way to Bacchus, when I noticed the pleasant side walk seating and chalk board menu advertising peach pie. So I vowed to pick up a piece after dinner. The bartender was not terribly friendly or knowledgeable. The slice of pie to go cost a whopping $6.95 and was smothered in fake whipped cream. I wish it had occurred to someone to ask me if I even wanted whipped cream.  The pie crust was completely soggy when we got home. The filling was average at best- and it was home made. We may give this place a chance for lunch or dinner, and I sure hope to have better entree food. It is a very typical bar-type menu. Great beer selection. They do not have a blender so you can't have a frozen drink. I would not trust the bartender to know how to make a decent margarita, so we will stick with beer. I overheard her asking the customers how to make their drinks! We are happy to support local businesses and wish Bootleggers Good Luck!
I just had the most terrible experience here. We were not greeted by any staff for five minutes or more. When we were finally greeted our server was very nice, but very slow. Water took 10 minutes. It took them 25 minutes to bring only soup and salads. Also, the pear and Gorgonzola salad was lackluster. Canned pears, limp lettuce, and something sickly sweet masquerading as candied nuts. Maybe the bar is good? Don't go here to  eat.
This bar filled up quickly when my friends and I went here Friday night. Thankfully this venue boasts a large dance area (which sometimes has a few pool tables set up) along with a spacious bar area. The bar itself runs through both rooms, which is great when you need another drink. The beer selection was nice, while the prices were reasonable. The bartenders were also very friendly and attentive, but not to the point of be annoying. Definitely a great place for groups to start (and possibly end) the night feeling right.
Popped in for a Sunday lunch- the place was dead empty. We ordered a variety of dishes- a cup  of chili (served on a platter ringed by tortilla chips so it became a communal snack), a Greek salad, a chicken parmigiana grinder, and a turkey wrap. Everything was good/average. Nothing wowed us -but the food was solid. Three soft drinks brought the bill to $41. Not a bad choice for food if you are downtown. By the way, check out the politically incorrect sign I saw in the men's room.....
Food was nothing special (better pub food around), but the atmosphere in the front was pretty cool. They have a pretty good beer selection and several tables outside. They have two TINY pool tables in the back in a cavernous room where live bands play. Lots of wasted space in that area. Some of the cleanest bar bathrooms I've ever encountered(weird thing to mention, but that's how clean they were!)
We were there to see Darik and the funbags who never disappoint. Nice space friendly bartenders what more could you ask for??
I am a big fan of Bootlegger's. I work in Troy and at least once a month I have to get their wings. The breaded hot wings are my favorite in the entire area. Most breaded wings get really soggy and nasty. These stay the perfect amount of crispy and they have the best wing sauce ever. It is just spicy enough without losing flavor. But they are plenty spicy. Everyone has their wing preferences but these wings are perfect for me. The atmosphere is very nice and the bartender's (during the day) are super nice and attentive. I will say when I went to dinner one night with my sister, we ordered artichoke dip that was lukewarm at best and the drinks tasted sort of watered down. I really think it depends on who's working at the time you go in there. But 9 times out of 10 I've had a pleasant experience. It is a pretty big place so it never seems too crowded.
Came here on a Friday after work for a few pints.  I rarely go to Troy to hang out but my friend wanted to go here so we went.  I can see parking being a problem at "prime time" at night because is it all street parking.  I didn't have a problem because it was 4:30.   Upon entering I was quite surprise how clean the outside of the bar was, they have tables outside so you can eat and hang out on a nice day.  It was a nice day but we decided to sit inside at the bar.  This place is ENORMOUS and spotless.  There wasn't alot of people at the bar so we didn't problem getting a spot at the bar.  The bartenders that work here are all sweethearts, very nice and always smiling.  They have a vast variety of your not so common beers on tap, which I am a fan of.  I am always looking for bars that have different beers on tap.  This place has to have at least 20 different beers on tap.  After sampling 2 different brown ales, (smutty dog ale and  I don't remember the second one) I went with a Brooklyn brown ale.  I've had it before and it is a good tasting brown ale.  My buddy settled for one of the "red" ales, he seemed to like it.  Prices for beers are crazy cheap here, 5 bucks for 2 pints!  Where the hell are you going to get that for good quality beer?   I would definitely come back here, to chill and have a few, maybe try the food next time too.
Gorgeous interior, located in beautiful downtown Troy, awesome staff, food is excellent and wonderful beer/alcohol selection. Love it!!!
It is a decent place to chill with friends. Couple darts and pools to play with. Nothing special as far as my experience. Maybe will try again during the weekend someday.
With friends, I've made several visits to Bootleggers in the time that it's been open here in Troy. I've by and large found it to be a good casual place to go. It can get a little loud, especially if there's a good game on; but what do you expect from a bar? In terms of food, the burgers and sandwiches are pretty tasty. The pizza in particular exceeded my expectations - especially if you get bacon as the topping! The service has been varied depending on the server, but is usually fine. There are one or two "all-star" wait staff who are always on top of their game, and one or two who have taken awhile to get up to speed. The beer selection tends to be very good, although the big board listing drafts is not always up to date. That being said, you can usually find something else to replace any missing items. They book some great bands on the weekends, too. If you're in Troy, this is a place well worth stopping into.
