This review is strictly for their dinners and not their dim sum. If you're looking for "traditional" Hong Kong style meals, stop reading and just come here and eat now. You're in upstate NY, you won't find a better Chinese restaurant than this place. How do I know? My finicky, old Chinese father who criticizes all restaurants actually LIKES this place. Enough said. The food is cooked well and has that fresh - off - the - wok seasoning taste you want from a Chinese restaurant. It's not overly oily or salty. The staff was professional but not overly friendly.  Personally,  I don't think they're trying to be rude, I think it's a language barrier issue.
Terrible idea. The waitress did not have any idea for waitressing. You don't casually lean on your back with the support behind you while taking orders. It's clumsy n rude. First of all I don't know why restaurant owners open there business with so not trained staff. Anyways so I went there with 3 other friends, mind you they were Chinese. I ordered spicy wings for my appetizers. The wings came out n were so big n not well fried. They looked like huge full wings from the bag with bunch of flour on them n sprinkled with red chilli powder. That's not what you call spicy ! Am sorry. You could see the oil from frying still soaked in the flour of the wing. Just not my pick I like them nice n dry n not looking like what they did look like. I asked for black tea, waitress said they don't have it, no coffee or milk either. What a place in Albany NY will not carry coffee or black tea either. The waitress said all this rudely. Then she kept telling me that green tea pot was actually black tea which has been sitting there longer. The food came out , my fried chicken rice wasn't bad at all, my friends had beef pepper, garlic dish, which was decent. But there was a fish dish that had a bunch of oil n pepper, looked appetizing but there was barely any meat on the fish, all bones. My friends n I kept fishing for fish. Horribly small , crammed place. Not a great choice for formal dinner. Never will go there again. Unless they hire trained staff.
I do not understand why reviewers have been so hard on shining rainbow. This makes me doubt the reliability of my fellow capital region reviewers. This place is amazing! Very authentic and well-executed. The menu is literally 50 pages long, and that doesn't even include the completely mandarin menu on the wall that includes use of the fresh fish in the tanks throughout the store, the latter of which I would not suggest ordering from as you may be unpleasantly surprised by your bill. On to the good stuff. Free oolong tea and hot towels of course. All of the dim sum is exceptional, especially the pork buns and soup dumplings. They have a lot of vegetarian options. They also have real Sichuan food if you're into that and a $20 pp all you can eat hot pot if you like to play with your food and eat until you can't walk. It takes a while to cook good food from scratch when the place is busy as hell all the time. Stop your kvetching people.
Happy Sunday! With enthusiasm, I ordered take-out tonight from my beloved Shining Rainbow. But now I have to wonder if this is the same place that I used to love. I now wonder if there has been a change in management, cooks, food suppliers... I don't know, maybe someone can answer, but quality went down, way down. All of my regular staples that I have been ordering for the last 3 years tasted way different - greasier and with lower quality ingredients more akin to the substandard Americanized Chinese food I can get anywhere (and for cheaper). The Pork Lo Mein, which used to be superb, was swimming in soy sauce and the supposed pork meat was more of that skinny multicolored mystery meat product that graces so many ill begotten Chinese take-out joints in the deepest, darkest corners of Americana Chinese -think the Chinese take-out from Buffalo, NY - yeah, it's that bad.   The shredded chicken and eggplant with garlic sauce was doused in red pepper (I love spicy food but that was ridiculous)making the other flavors nonexistent, and it too was also lying in a pool of grease. All the food (including the egg roll and hot and sour soup) was covered in an overly excessive amount of unwanted black pepper. And they now charge for rice. 2 Stars down for now.  I will chalk it up to an off-night.  We will be back for the Hot Pot and hopefully this will renew my love for what was, until most recently, the best Chinese Restaurant in Albany. Sad Sunday :-(
Shining Rainbow was the first Chinese restaurant in the Capital District that I really liked.  Mostly because they have hot pot for those cold winter days and a fairly large dim sum menu.   I am used to getting both hot pot and dim sum down in NYC and have even had dim sum in Hong Kong.   Since I can not always go to NYC and am patiently waiting for my chance to go back to Hong Kong, I am happy that Shining Rainbow offers these delicacies.  I am aware that other restaurants in the area are starting to offer more and more dim sum, but have not really had an opportunity to try these other restaurants yet.  I would stick with Ala Shanghai for the soup dumplings, but give the other dim sum a try.  I have enjoyed the congee, turnip cakes, and a variety of dumplings and other items.  I have enjoyed pretty much all of them.  The one exception may be the last time I ordered the sliced jelly fish, a few years ago, it was sliced too thick.  Put that may have been a one time thing and I suppose I will give that one more try at some point. Shining Rainbow has a pretty good vegetarian selection and is the only restaurant in the area that I know of that actually serves Chinese vegetables other than bok choy.  They even have some non vegetarian dishes that seem pretty traditional to me.  Such as the spicy green beans with pork.  The reason I say this because it is not just a pile of pork.  It is mostly green beans with a little ground pork to flavor the green beans.  This appears to me much like a dish you would get in a poor countryside area of China.  It also seems me that it is a healthier option. When you order the hot put it is usually cheaper to do it ala cart than to do pay a flat rate per person.  Sometimes it is difficult to get the wait staff to understand  you do not want to pay the flat rate, so take the time to ask them if they understand.  I usually point to the hot pot menu and show them I want to pay for the pot of broth as opposed to the flat rate.
Not bad, not bad. Very generous portions are the norm (so order conservatively).  There was plenty of variety on the menu (and many of the items seemed fairly authentic for Shanghainese/Sichuan cuisine), so it should be easy to find a dish to satisfy everyone at the table. We started with an eggdrop seafood soup with fake crab and bits of fish and mushroom. I appreciated how the soup wasn't too salty, although the texture of the imitation crab was very doughy (more flour for the filling than protein), lending the soup an odd texture. The garlic eggplant dish was done well (with a soy based sauce and likely some sugar, lots of oil as expected) and their stir-fryed water spinach with slices of garlic was delicious. The water spinach itself wasn't wilty or yellow, but seemed to be at its peak in freshness, and the sodium level of the dish was moderate and not overkill. We had steamed fish that likewise was done well. The fish was topped with thiny sliced green onion, which was enjoyed with some soupy broth spooned and poured over the flesh. It's light yet flavorful. We also had the fried chicken in garlic sauce that was a little more on the dry side, especially the breast meat. My biggest qualm was the pace of the service, which was at a crawling speed. We understood that steamed fish took longer to prepare but it made no sense to have 20 minutes between the soup and water spinach, another 10 minutes until the eggplant was served, 10 more minutes before the chicken was presented, and then another 10 minutes until the fish came out.
Delicious food. A lot of it is very Americanized, but certainly not all. We had a good meal for a relatively affordable price with some things to take home. Their scallops were particularly good.
I don't know what to say.. I had totally terrible time in here. First of all, they served wrong food to me. And, I had to wait another an hour for my food I originally ordered.  I won't go there again.
Let me start off by saying I love their food.  But their customer service is deplorable.  I had a delivery order yesterday and the General Tso Chicken had a sour taste to it.  I called the restaurant and they refused to change the order and the manager hung up on me.   Ridiculous.
Used to live a few blocks from here and loved to come here on the weekends for a dim sum brunch. We were in Albany for a wedding andy birthday and I knew I needed a dim sum fix. What we sampled: Smoked meat roll    My fiance liked this more than I did but it was wrapped in bacon so really what could be wrong with this. Juicy Bun in Shanghai style     These were delicious and the broth was great, but the skins were a bit chewy. Fried sweet sticky rice     Delicious! And I don't even like this stuff Spare ribs in black bean sauce     Maybe it was two early, but these weren't as tender as I was used to. Fried Bun with sweetened condensed milk     The best! A must try Overall I really miss having this right around the corner but glad I was able to get here again.
Do not get the fried seafood dim sum roll.  They use a very thick batter, not like the ones in regular dim sum places.  The ha-gow and siumai was average.  Pretty much what you can expect in Albany.
I had been craving Chinese food for SO long, and this definitely hit the spot. We ordered szechuan lotus root, cucumber, and fish. All were seasoned really well, and the fish was incredibly tender and flavorful. We also ordered eggplant with garlic sauce, which was not so garlic-y, but still a very good sauce. I also ordered a lavender bubble tea with boba. It was pretty good, but not as lavender-y as I would've liked. Overall, I thought it was pretty good - one of the best Chinese restaurants I've tried in the area. :)
I came here with my boyfriend and another couple, after hearing them rave about the hot pot. Having had a negative experience at a Vietnamese Pho restaurant (which is similar to hot pot), I must say that I was skeptical. Fortunately, Shining Rainbow was able to change my feelings. We went with the all you can eat option ($20/person, totally worth it for 4 people or more) where you can choose any meats, seafood, veggies and noodles. Everything we had was delicious, except for the oysters (they tasted and smelled super fishy). But the hot pot experience would not have been so awesome if it wasn't for our super friendly waiter, Justin. Not only was he funny and adorable, but very helpful and showed us how to prepare our food. Justin answered all of our questions and even picked out some of the dishes for us. I would go back to this restaurant just to have him be my waiter again!
Serendipity led me to Shining Rainbow today. i'd tagged it as a hot-pot place, to try with a group someday, but I was turned away by the mysterious "closed for remodeling" sign at Shangri-La and Shining Rainbow was the next Chinese place down Central that I had not previously sampled. Thank you, food gods. I ordered a lunch special at a cheap $5.25 with soup and added on a dish of nao by yip (beef tripe) from the dim sum menu. The hot and sour soup had me in tears--of joy, of pain, not rage--fantastically strong flavored and whoo wee was it hot. My main was Szechuan chicken, subbing squid. I specified I wanted it spicy and they said "oh it is". And it was. A wee bit miserly on the squid but very generous on the veg and good flavor throughout. Also, in addition to "hot" my dishes were uniformly "hot" as in "piping hot". I love it when Chinese places whisk out the food straight from the wok like this. The tripe brought more tears, pure joy this time. A classic big-city prep quick boiled with ginger and scallions, terrific and a great value at $2.95. It was served in a light brown gravy that disappointed me because I like to slurp up the pure cooking liquid from the tripe. This is a high four star review and they're very close to getting the extra sparkler... just a couple of tweaks (that I may be able to make in my ordering next time) and we're at "good as it gets". One thing, Shining Rainbow is located in the area on Central where traffic laws and lights are used just as a reference point. Be sure to park yourself facing the street so you can enjoy the crazy U-turns and zombie pedestrians outside.
I really love getting food from this place. But, when it comes down to it, I prefer take out as opposed to sitting in. Last time I went, I was seated next to a fish tank is a half dead fish spasming. It wasn't too enjoyable to see in the corner of my eye when I was eating noodles, but it could've been worse I guess. The place is usually hectic and it's hard to walk around in between other patrons and servers because the aisles are very small. The bathrooms are moderately clean but not the best. When I went in January, there didn't seem to be a lock on the door, so I had one of my friends stand outside to patrol and make sure no one slammed the door open when I was using the bathroom. Hopefully they fixed it by now. The food here is amazing. It's one of the few places in the Hudson Valley (that I've been to) that doesn't entirely Americanize everything. Even my Chinese friends born and raised in China swear by this place. I usually order pan-fried noodles with pork. However, if you EVER ORDER THIS-- DON'T ask for spare ribs with it. They will put small sparerib bones in it and I almost choked on it. Just go for regular pork. Also, just a tip...unlike other Chinese restaurants I've been to, they want you to pay for a plate of white rice. Takeout service tastes exactly the eating in. Though it seemed like the portions were a tiny bit smaller than eating at the restaurant. Whenever I eat at the restaurant, I usually go with a bunch of people so we can share plates. I've had so many things on the menu and haven't been disappointed. College students-- avoid the SUNY SPECIAL $3 takeout places that claim they're giving you a deal. It's a deal because the food is old and dirty. Just go to Shining Rainbow! It's worth the extra few bucks. The prices are affordable and it's real food that won't give you food poisoning like places with "suny specials."
I really hate to say this, but I was a tad disillusioned by Shining Rainbow on my second and third go-rounds. I thought I'd be adventurous and sample some Dim Sum, which was largely a mistake. I ordered something called "Beef Triple with Scallions and Ginger", as well as chive and shrimp dumplings. My boyfriend got a preserved fish and salted meat rice pot. While the chive and shrimp dumplings were pretty good, the "Beef Triple" and rice pot were abysmal. Maybe it's just a language barrier thing, or I could be a total idiot, but I was shocked to receive my "Beef Triple" and discover it was a clear stringy dish with...bumps on the surface?! I kind of imagined some sort of delicious, tender slightly pink beef in a savory brown sauce...Not even close to what I got. It looked a hell of a lot like a clear tongue. I ate it because I was starving, but asked the waiter what exactly it was. He just said "Beef Triple." I did some research later and was rather grossed out to discover it was actually Beef TRIPE. Ugggh.... Surprisingly enough, the salted meat and preserved fish rice pot was even worse. And by worse I mean, so horrible that I honestly though I might projectile vomit at one point. I'm not sure if preserved fish is supposed to taste rotten, but it did. Usually I am a pretty adventurous diner and not at ALL picky, so this experience was super odd for me. Just stay away from anything that says "preserved" at Shining Rainbow. On a side note, I gave them another chance for takeout and their run of the mill Chinese picks aren't so hot, either. If you decide to go here, pick on of two things: Hot Pot (not on menu, just ask for it) or sushi. That is all.
My daughter is in college and raving for authentic Chinese/Cantanese food.  Found this place from hotel and got a $5 coupon from couponclipper.com.  We ordered - salmon roll - just ok - spicy tuna roll - just ok - pork chop with Peking sauce - very good - clam with Chinese vermicelli in a pot - just ok - seafood pan fried noodle - good Food is 3 stars and I gave it 4 stars because this is first authentic Chinese restaurant in this area.   Definitely will come again when my kid is raving for authentic Chinese good........
Came here for the dim sum with a friend, left pretty unhappy. Here's the deets: It was a 12:20 on a Saturday, the place seemed busy, most of the tables were full. Ordered 6 dishes from the dim sum menu. They came out very slowly, and only one or two at a time. It took over an hour to get the first four, and the rice noodles were not made well, they were all falling apart. The shrimp in the shrimp w/ rice noodle was very skimpy, maybe two shrimp in the entire thing. The last dish we received, after about an hour and fifteen minutes, was the beef tripe (labeled on the menu as "beef triple w/ scallion and ginger"). Perhaps it was my fault for not assuming it was tripe, but I sent it back. It looked awful and the texture was awful, and I had not thought triple was a typo (my error?). They brought us the check, although our vegetable dumplings had not arrived. When I said we had not received all of our order, the waitress tried to tell me I hadn't ordered the dumplings. I did, right after the King Pork Bun. Maybe you weren't listening? I was ready to leave, so we paid the check and didn't bother with the rest of our order that they had forgotten about. Unfortunately, we didn't have exact change, so were forced to tip the bastards. tl;dr: very slow service (over 1hr for 4 small dishes), forgot part of our order, typos on the menu
I placed an order for delivery  and 1) it got there in good time, and 2) the sushi was good. It's hard for me to judge what GREAT sushi is because it's hard to mess up sushi unless you have fish that is not fresh. I've been lucky and never had bad fish in Albany before. I guess when I have great sushi I'll just know it right? :)
I am gonna go 3 stars here although it's teetering towards a 4 because of the food and value. Food- 4.5 Stars. We ordered Hot and Sour Soup, Steamed Dumplings, General Tso's Chicken and a House special Lo Mien. Everything was very good with one exception- the seafood (other that the shrimp which was fine) in our house special Lo Mien was not all that great. Portions were huge.  We ate Chinese food only as we had been told Sushi was so-so. Atmosphere- 3 Stars. Clean, but could use a little spruce up. Typical small Chinese restaurant. Service- 2.5 Stars. Super friendly but a little off. Everything pretty much came out all at once which is a pet peeve of mine. My other complaint was that they told me they had beer, then I thought they forgot about it. Then the waiter brought it out when we were pretty much done with dinner because it wasn't cold enough initially. I wish he hadn't brought it at all. Value- 5 Stars. Portions were huge. Bill was $29 bucks and we had enough leftovers for a small army.
I love this place.  It's 2 blocks from my house and has become my favorite place for Asian food.  It has, bar none, the best fried rice that I have *ever* had, and the rest of their menu is pretty extensive and high-quality. When you first approach the restaurant, it looks like a dingy hole-in-the-wall, but once you get inside, you see that it's a well-kept, clean and friendly atmosphere. The staff is attentive and friendly, but without being in the way and too attentive. This is an excellent place for some quality Chinese food at a reasonable price.
Update 12/11/12: This place is a 5-min walk away from work and has become our go to spot for dim sum. My coworker and I make up excuses to get their roast pork buns, shumai, and dumplings. Pair the dim sum with Thai-tea bobas and  sesame balls with lotus paste  and you get 2 very happy women.  Upgraded my original 3 star review to a 4 because of the dim sum menu. Original: Found this place from the Clipper  magazine where SR touted a small collection of bubble teas. It was particularly this ad that prompted my bf and I to check the place out on a Friday evening. I've been searching for some decent bubble tea for awhile and wanted to try their taro bubble tea. First impressions: It is definitely not the place to take a date to. We checked the place out online beforehand, and 1) the interior was much smaller and more worn-down looking than shown on the website; 2) it was located in a ghetto part of town. Inside, it seemed to be more of quick bustling place to grab a bite to eat for local college students than a restaurant to take a date to on a weekend evening. Food: another reviewer said it best when he or she described SR as a greasy-spoon place. The serving portions were large, tasty, but definitely greasy. It was the first actual sit-in Chinese restaurant that we found, but surprisingly I found myself preferring  the food from my local take-out Chinese place; their food was lighter and better-quality fare than SR's. We ordered roast pork with honey, fried shrimp balls, steamed pork buns, General Tso chicken, green beans with garlic, and a taro bubble tea. Total came in around $30, plus tip. Overall, the food was okay; I liked their dim sum menu but the main reason I went there for -- taro bubble-tea-- I found was a disappointment. It was too watery! They'd do better business if they blended with ice and milk, instead of blending the powder with water. Service: It was slow, but as it was a busy and packed Friday evening, we didn't mind. Our waiter was personable, but he seemed offended that we didn't want to take our leftovers home. Though we refused twice, he kept insisting we take it home. He finally gave up after we told him we wouldn't be home the next day to eat it and would rather not have it sitting in our fridge. I don't think we'll be coming back, but since it is close to the college, I might take advantage of free local delivery and order from their dim sum menu.
I was excited to see that this place had an extensive menu which included dim sum.  However, it was subpar. We ordered the stuffed bean curd, stuffed eggplant, and shrimp dumplings.  We expected the stuffed bean curd to be the thin bean curd that wrapped around meat and vegetables like at a usual dim sum restaurant, but it was a regular piece of tofu which they made a slit to put a seafood mixture in.  It was awful. The stuffed eggplant was really good though.  They gave 3 large pieces.   We also tried the lobster (2 for $17) and the yee mein noodles.  They were "ok" but nothing special. The lobster was bland and the noodles were sparse and undercooked.  I wouldn't go back for the dim sum or the noodles. Although, they did have a hot pot on the menu that we didn't try, which might lure me back to this place. People in the booth next to us had a cart full of items to go along with the large pot of broth for their hot pot. It looked good, but I don't know how good it will taste!
Not sure what's going on here... some of the dishes just aren't prepared as well as before.  And they started to charge for rice... which I find tacky.  Waitstaff seems to have gone through a turnover... and not necessarily for the better.  Careful ordering the live fish (steamed or otherwise prepared) unless you are prepared to pay unreasonable high prices... this past holiday season we were charged $74 for a steamed fish which I think is high... thankfully my sister picked up the tab and to her credit without batting an eye... only found out about the price when I inquired and looked at the bill.  Just to be sure to inquire about prices for items marked S.P. if you do not want to get an unpleasant surprise. It is still a good place, but I hope they can keep up with their prior high standards.
I'd only use the spicy menu, authentic food ok price. I was only there twice as it's not so convenient for me to travel down there but I still did twice only for their food.
Delicious chicken with black bean sauce.  I love the noodle soups too.  They have a special menu for a traditional hot pot type meal.  It would be fun with a large group.  I see many people get that and all seem really happy.  I guess its like Asian Fondue.  This place is low on the atmosphere scale but high on the quality and my family asks to go time after time.
Three of us ordered from Shining Rainbow, and while not blown away, we agreed that the quality certainly merits a second order.   The food was delivered promptly, and all of it arrived hot and ready to go.  The portion sizes are reasonable for the price, and the meals come with an ample portion of white rice. My roommate and I both ordered the General Tso's Chicken, and his female friend ordered the Sesame Chicken.  All three of us also ordered one egg roll a piece. My roommate and I both agreed that it is perfectly acceptable General Tso's, but not the most packed with flavor, and certainly not the spiciest.   His friend said that her Sesame Chicken was fairly lackluster. All of us agreed that the egg rolls weren't very good at all. If you're searching for a Chinese food delivery/takeout in Albany, give them a shot.  You can order online at Mealeo, which is how we ordered.
Awesome authentic Chinese. This place is super cheap and is great for large parties. Hot pot specials, an extensive menu and fresh sushi should keep you coming back One of my favorite local places
This place is not located in the most appealing area of Albany, but don't let the shady locale stop you from going there. Once inside, the decor is alot nicer than what you'd expect from their exterior. Chinese and Japanese are both served here, and the dimsum (not from the cart) menu is decent . I tried the turnip cakes today, and it was fried just right. For the chinese, we had fried dumplings to start off. The six dumplings were very meaty and big (that's what she said)-- it was a great deal for only $3.95. The meal also started off on a positive note as they gave us a complimentary seaweed salad dish--I love anything free :) For our dinner entrees, we had the sake special (salmon roll and salmon sushi) and the hamachi special (same deal as the sake except this one with yellowtail). The salmon wasn't as fatty as I usually like, but still ok. The yellowtail was a bit fresher, so I might get that next time. This place just opened up a few weeks ago, so I think they are still working out some kinks with the wait staff and interior. But I will be going back here to try more of their dimsum.
hey we order the delivery and the beef already so smelly! that's the way u do business!?  same thing happened to my friends! DO NOT ORDER BEEF IN THIS RESTAURANT CUZ U WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT U WILL EAT! If there is zero score ya i will definitely rate 0! My friend wants me to add some points: not only beef but also seafood! anyway, if u love ur stomach and dont wanna get sick next day, do not step into this restaurant.
Good shanghai food but some Sichuan food are bad
Food is ok... However the restaurant is kinda dirty
A friend of mine and I went here for sushi yesterday, and I think we just found our new go-to Chinese/Japanese/sushi joint in the Capital District!  The food is fabulous, tasty, and FRESH, the presentation is beautiful, the service is terrific, and the decor is a cool kind of funky-Asian-casual style that rocks!  It's really reasonable, too; for two huge plates of sushi that we stuffed ourselves with (in addition to two complimentary salads,) we walked out of there for about $25 for the both of us before tip.  The menu is also gigantic and full of tasty-sounding morsels that I have to go back and try sometime soon; I'm up for trying their dim sum any day of the week!
Just acceptable. The waiters ain't very friendly.
Taste good and waiter is very nice and friendly ;)
my standards for Chinese takeout aren't that high. if its reasonably edible, I'm good with it. I ordered through mealeo and the order arrived in about the expected time. but that was the best part of the process. (next up was the steamed rice :() the dough for the fried dumplings was way too thick. the filling wasn't sufficient to last and balance that last bite of super thick dough. in theory, the general tso's should have been great. it's rare to find a place that makes it with white meat, but it was REALLY dry and at best I'd say the temp achieved "warm". finally, they charge extra for rice! not a fan of that. (update: the next day i called and told them i wanted a replacement meal. they weren't happy about it, but they were so busy, they just let me have what i wanted. the lo mein was pretty good. nothing exceptional, but i can't find fault with it!)
As good as it gets is exactly the phrase! Steamed dumplings, fried won-ton, scallops with black pepper, and (what I thought would be a poor choice by my dining partner) General Tso's chicken. Each dish was amazing. I have a whole new respect for General Tso. I'd have the scallops again, but the menu has so many choices. I don't know that I've had better Chinese food. I will definitely be returning. Service was over the top! And the price was really very good.
I love this place.  It's categorically the best of greasy-spoon, Hong-Kong style Chinese food.  Their duck is succulent and wonderful.  The atmosphere is of the restaurant is pleasant, and the staff are friendly.
I'll keep it short and sweet. It's slightly greasy but it's cheap, delicious Chinese food. I'm Chinese, so I've eaten a lot of Chinese food, and this is pretty good for Albany. If this place was in a big city it'd be three stars but we can't really be picky in our state capital now can we.
One of authentic chinese restaurant in the area. Somehow many of my friends are crazy about their hot-pot, but I disagree with them. Their seafood is very smelly and some of them were not eatable... Also they have lack of quality control. The egg drop soup I had for the first visit was great, but it was awful when I tried it for the second time....
Yesterday we visited "Shining Rainbow" for the third time, and were again very pleased. Last January after reading this review in Times Union web.timesunion.com/enter… I invited my family there (3 sons aged 16 to 22, parents in their 70s, husband and me in our 50s) to celebrate my birthday there. Amazingly everyone loved it. Flavors do not disappoint, whether you want hot and spicy, traditional, sushi or a "hot pot". My only concern is that the servers- all uniformly friendly and trying to be helpful - could use some more English language instruction, and time food orders a bit more evenly . I wish the hot pot menu were more readily available. Now you need to request it specifically. It would beg real to actually see photos of hot pot dishes. Yesterday we got to see it being served at a table next ours and decided to try it next time we are there with a group of friends. I really like the large pot of hot tea always available on the table, as well as forks and chopsticks too. But the food is the best part as it is supposed to be!
Very good first visit, good food at a very reasonable price.  Large menu, didn't have the opportunity this time around but want to try their "hot-pot" dinner on my next visit.  The Menu is Chinese-Japanese with a sushi bar.  Live lobsters are in tanks as you come in.  Chinese food seemed similar to other Hong-Kong style restaurants I have visited and not the typical "fast food" Chinese you get at your local take-out shop.
My second experience eating Shining Rainbow food was a take out order. Here is what I thought about each dish: Fat Choy Seafood w/ Fish Maw soup $12.95/qt Based on what I read on the internet about fish maw soup, this was a huge disappointment. It was soup, there was fat choy ( black moss ) and there were tiny bits of cheap shrimp and surimi ( fake crab ). Otherwise it was just overpriced bland egg drop soup. Kinda reminds me of the seafood dishes at their competitor En Lai. Not worth it. Roast Pork Bun $2.95/2 buns Not home made. From a freezer. Dry dough and bland filling. I had to add a packet of duck sauce to eat it. Go get the buns at the Asian market down the road in Colonie. Juicy Pork Bun Shanghai Style $5.95/10 pc Like the first time I had them, they were bland. Not horrible for the price if you like bland dumplings. Shrimp and Chive Dumpling $2.95/3 pc OK dim sum. Still wanting for a dipping sauce.... Stuffed Eggplant $2.95 Looks delicious, tastes bland. Not horrible for the price if you like bland eggplant and seafood mousse. Spare Ribs w/ Rice Noodle Roll $2.95/order The stand out dish. Nice chewy and unctuous bits of pork tossed with gnocchi-like rice "noodles". Good flavor, but watch out for little bones which could ruin your meal and smile. I will go back there for the hot pot, something I've never had, but doubt I'll be getting any more dim sum or soup from them.
Not a great experience. Hot pot buffet was not a good meal. I didn't like how my crab and lobster were still moving when it was served on the plate. Once boiled there was no utensils offered to eat the crab. I was unsatisfied with my meal and actually felt sick afterwards. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone
I go to this place for hot pot only but its way over priced. It cost average 30 per person for hot pot. The food is slow and you can tell it's not fresh.
One of the favorite places of my friend. We went together several times and I'm pretty satisfied too. It is kinds of Southern/Cantonese style Chinese food which is more sweet compare to other styles. There are pretty good authentic dishes but also some ordinary Chinese takeouts. My friend's favorite is their Water-Boiled Beef with Chilies.
For lunch, this place is one of my favorite.  Shrimp Egg Foo Young with Egg Fried Rice and Wonton Soup and  Shrimp Lo Mein with Egg Fried Rice and Wonton Soup are the ones to order.
After waiting over an hour for our food to be delivered, we received over-sauced food made with low-quality ingredients and the textures seemed a bit off. Though the food was cheap and more authentic than many Chinese restaurants, it was not worth the wait and I'd be happy to pay a couple bucks more for better ingredients.
Shining Rainbow wins again. Ordered take-out to eat at the library during finals. Szechuan shrimp for me and general t's for my pal. It's what you could call 'gourmet' take out. All the flavors and style of the regular, good old American Chinese but with real meat and spices and such. Yes ma'am.
All I got was veggie sushi, but it hit the spot! Very good. Bf got tuna and liked it. The servers were funny too. "Oh you want sushi to go? Go tell the white guy. (long pause) I mean..the guy in the white shirt." haha.
We were very excited to find a hot pot restaurant here in Albany!  The menu options were great - tons of options and all of he broths are pork free!  The only drawback was the lack of choice about the cut of beef.  Perhaps it is simply that I am used to the Japanese hot pot caled shabu  shabu.  In my experience,  shabu shabu has saveral choices for sliced beef - different fat content and different cuts and of course the compulsory kobe selecton, at least in Boston area Japanese restaurants.  Since this places does both Chinese and Japanese it would be awesome to see this part of their menu feature the best of hotspots from both cultures.   We only ordered hotspots on this excursion, however we had the good fortune to go when it was really crowded and they offered to sit us with two other groups together at a large table so that we would not have such a long wait.  What luck! We got to see the other dishes that our fellow diners ordered and boy will we be back!  The greens had the bright green hue that one expects of stir fried greens and the duck appeared to have been given the appropriate amount of sauce.  Our other neighbor also had hotspots but chose a different broth which we will have to try next time.   Definitely one of albany's gems!
Went there on Christmas Day to eat with the Chinese and Jews.   We ordered lunch of simple and common dishes:   in garlic sauce, chowfun with chicken, and sweet and sour chicken.  All portions were large and very tasty.  We obviously were not looking for the exotic or a banquet.  This place would be way above average  in Rochester, where there are many many Chinese places.  We were very pleased.
