I've been going here for years, and it never disappoints. All the girls are so friendly and attentive, and make you feel stress free. I get shellac manicures from Toni, who is absolutely fabulous, and is always trying fun new designs on my nails! Mary is a great stylist and I always leave being very satisfied with my hair. Try these guys out, and you will keep going back to them!
I received an excellent haircut and blowout from Karen today at my first visit to  Salon 109. I enjoyed a glass of wine while she cut and styled my hair. The salon has a pleasant understated decor, and my stylist was very receptive to my ideas, friendly, and totally non-pretentious. Prices were reasonable, and service very professional. I enjoyed my visit and will definitely be back.
I loved Ashley at Salon 109! She did an excellent job of highlighting. I did have to go back a second time because she did not get close enough to my roots but after leaving the second time I was very happy with my results. I will be heading back to the salon in 2 days to get my hair touched up by Ashley again!!! The atmosphere is great and they seem to really care about you as a person. I would suggest Ashley to any woman wanting highlights!
Oh I want to give this salon more stars but I absolutely can't considering how my hair turned out. I want to start off by saying Mary, the owner, is a kind soul. Extremely nice as was everyone that worked there. However, niceness only goes so far with haircuts and color. Asked for a specific kind of color and ended up with a disaster. I was able to get my money back, thank God, but ended up having to get another inch cut off my hair and a whole new dye job done at a different salon. The only way to correct my color was to get an all over dark color which was completely opposite of why I went to Mary in the first place. I'm giving this place 2 stars for the great customer service, otherwise it'd be negative 4 for the frustration and tears.
I just moved to the Albany area and looked to Yelp to determine where to go to get my hair cut. I took a chance and booked an appointment with Ashley at Salon 109. Great chance I took. Ashley cut my hair and did a great job. She was meticulous, asked questions, and went above and beyond to assure she knew what I was talking about and that we were on the same page with what I wanted. I even went back a couple of days later because I am very finicky and wanted the angle a little steeper. She once again helped with me no issues, or attitude. She even said to let her know if I was still not satisfied. I was very pleased with Ashley and am never satisfied with my hair dresser, especially for a drastic cut, which is what she gave me. I definitely recommend her! She listens to her customers and knows what she is doing.
Ashley did a remarkable job cutting and blow drying my hair.  She took time to understand what i wanted...one of the very few times the outcome far exceeded my expectations.  Will definitely return.  When i returned to work i received several compliments, even from my male coworkers!!
We called at 6pm to see if they would cut our hair after another salon messed up our appointment time.  They took two of us at 7pm and both of us were thrilled.  Our hair looks amazing.
If you want to go for a wax. Mary is your woman. She is considerate, kind and really fast with the work she has to do (so you really don't feel any pain) Five stars and I highly recommend.
Ashley is awesome! She has been cutting my hair for about six months now (every 4-6 weeks) and I am consistently very pleased with the results! I have mostly straight, somewhat finicky hair (with a few stubborn and inconveniently-located cowlicks) and a fairly structured short-in-the-back/angled-in-the-front style. After I stopped traveling "home" downstate for my hair cuts, I went through a couple of stylists in the Capital District that were either okay but I wasn't in love with or were just rude/obnoxious and not deserving of my business. Finally, I took a friend's advice and called Salon 109. My first appointment was made with Ashley and I haven't looked back! :) She always takes her time and is friendly, professional, and precise. The salon itself is great, too.  All of the staff I have encountered have always been welcoming and friendly. And let's be honest: offering customers water, coffee, tea, or *wine* while they wait earns them some pretty serious bonus points! I'm very happy with the service I receive there and am glad to give them my business.  It's a pleasure to recommend Salon 109 in general and Ashley in particular!
I absolutely loved Salon 109!!! First of all, I would like to thank Karen and everyone who works in the salon for a wonderful experience! I've had a long curly hair my whole life and I got so sick of it I wanted a rapid change. I  decided I would have my hair cut very short even though I knew it could become a challenge since the whirls and curls do not always behave well in short haircuts. Also, I had many concerns that I was afraid were going to happen. I was afraid I would look older, less feminine, or wouldn't be able to handle my hair. Karen proved me wrong! Not only did she get me the best haircut I could ever imagine, we also had a nice little chat during the process which made the time (1.5 hrs) fly by so quickly! I did not rush to write a review yesterday when I got the haircut and decided to wait till the morning to see how my hair behaves and whether or not I would be able to handle it by myself. And since I am giving Salon109 a five-star review, you can make conclusions yourself :) I keep receiving compliments from my friends, family, and co-workers. I could not be more thankful to Karen and Salon109 for this look.
4.5 stars, really. After having bad experiences at a couple of salons in Troy and scrambling to get my hair taken care of whenever I was out of town, it was such a relief to find Karen and be able to trust her to keep my hair in good shape. She saw me skillfully through the process of growing out an awkward cut, and she treated my hair with color that kept it consistently shiny and soft. I was on a student budget so I didn't have the chance to take advantage of her Deva Curl dry-cut training, but I would have loved to. I did get a great product recommendation or two, but with minimal hard sell--this is not that kind of place. Prices were always reasonable, too. My only quibble is that we never quite reached an understanding on the proper shade for my hair--it always came out a smidge darker than I wanted. Parking is tricky, too. I sometimes took 10 minutes to find a spot and/or had to go a couple of blocks away. I'm in a new city now, looking for a new salon-home. I'll count myself lucky if I can find someone as good as Karen at an equally good place.
Moving to a new city presents a host of problems.  Finding the best lunch spots, the cheapest happy hour, and of course a place to get your hair cut.  After some searching around, I've finally found a place that fit all of my needs: good quality, good price and walking distance from my office. Salon 109 on State Street in Albany offers many services that I don't use so I can't comment on them.  However, I can say that Karen does a great job cutting my hair.  She's friendly and non-judgmental, which is nice; she doesn't try to convince me that I need to start coloring my graying hair!  A woman that I work with has started going there too and she really likes Karen, so it's not just a guy's point of view on this one.   The shop is smartly decorated without trying too hard.  They use Paul Mitchell products, but don't push them on you like many salons.  These guys are the real deal, and right in your backyard.  I recommend trying them out.
I'm usually skeptical to call Salons that have massages as I usually feel that they cater only to women. But I'm glad that I called them and John the massage therapist answered the phone and got an appointment with him for the same day, guess I was lucky. The massage was amazing, I say this because the massages that I've got before were kind of mechanical where the therapist would do some basic stuff but you know it wasn't satisfying. John the massage therapist was great because he took his time and his massage was specific for my pain areas and checked with me to ensure that it felt comfortable and good. He also explained why it was hurting and what to do to make it go away, something many don't do. All in all it was a great massage and I'm surely going back here when I need one. The place and the owner are amazing and friendly. I'll now try them for a hair cut as well
The yelp deal for mani + pedi for $55 caught my eye. Brought my mom in for a pedi and I had both mani/pedi. Clean, friendly service. Had a nice time chatting, they served wine, water, soda etc. Mani lasted 4 days, pedi about 2 weeks. There aren't many good options in the Albany area, so this place is a gem!
I have jumped from salon to salon over the years and never have found one I just wanted to stick with.   Mary at Salon 109 has now found a home for my hair.  She does a great job with highlights and lowlights, and has treated my hair perfectly.  Mary has also allowed me to discover new product that works great for my hair. Go, you won't regret it!
This is a great salon. My wife gets her hair done here and I go for an occasional massage. Staff is fun and highly qualified and the shop has a nice look and a good environment. We highly recommend it.
LOVED Salon 109!  Recently had my hair trimmed by Katy, she was lovely.  Great hair/wash massages, fabulous location, played good music and a great place to kill a few hours.  Katy was attentive when I told her I wanted long layers and listened to my crazy stories.  I'll def. come back if ever in the Albany area again! *Metered parking, so bring some CHANGE :)
I've been here twice - once for a facial and eyebrow wax with Mary, and then again for a Shellac mani/pedi with Toni. The women at the front desk were so warm and helpful. They offered me a drink and got me a desperately needed glass of red wine. Mary did a great job with my skin. We discussed what needs work and she did a bunch of extractions, which were almost painless! I came out with glowing, super soft skin that still feels great 2 weeks later. Toni gave me best manicure/pedicure I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. She let me talk on and on about my wedding with a sympathetic ear and laughed at all my jokes, all while refilling my wine AND giving me an amazing mani/pedi! My nails looked perfect for my wedding. I will not go anywhere else now that I found her. The only drawback is it can be tough to find parking on State St. but it's worth it.
Love this place!  So easy to get to and they have a wonderful referral program.  Make sure you get cards from your stylist.  Kate listen to what you want, really reviews your hair and makes you feel amazing! The energy is wonderful there, warm and friendly. I can't wait to go back!
TONI TONI TONI does it again and again at salon 109. My nails have been kept at their loveliest by Toni for a year now. Working on motorcycles and wearing ski boots fifty days a year makes for a lot of maintenance. She knows how to keep my nails healthy, care for my hands and feet, and make my visit a pleasant escape. Salon 109 is a kind oasis on the bustling downtown boulevard, inviting in character and delicately pampering. Enjoy a relaxing tea or glass of wine. You may find a product or person you like, but make sure to seek out Toni...who will be the last nail tech you'll ever have.
I have been looking for a permanent hair salon to go to and I am happy to say I have found it! I called to make an appointment with Karen and I was being helped less than an hour later. Everyone at the salon is very courteous and nice without being pushy. Karen did an amazing job with my haircut! I walked in with long hair that I wanted cut and given life to, and that is exactly what I got! She is really nice and truly listens to what you want and does not push what you are "supposed" to want. If you are not clear as to what you want to get done with your hair, Karen will make suggestions and help you figure out what you want out of your visit and your time at her chair. I am looking forward to my next visit to get a haircut from Karen at Salon 109 in Albany, NY.
This place is AMAZING! This past week, I went for a 90-minute deep tissue massage with Joshua and it was fantastic, perhaps one of the best massages I have ever had in my life! I am a runner with a pretty stressful job, so my back, neck, and legs carry so much tension that I was having trouble with total body mobility.  After leaving Salon 109 however, I felt like a new person with new body parts!  Joshua is a miracle worker! Everyone at the front desk is so courteous and friendly too. The decor is beautiful and you feel relaxed as soon as you walk in the front door.
Nice and clean salon. I went in to see Toni for  a french shellac manicure before going on vacation and Toni gave me her cell phone number to call and get a last minute appointment in case anything went wrong and one of my nails started lifting. She was so sweet and went out of her way for me.
After having super long hair for years that I frankly didn't need a stylist to maintain, I went in search of a stylist who could give me a short cut that I could manage at home.  I've tried different salons over the years, but so often a stylist would see my super-straight, fine hair as a challenge - maybe they could make it curl!  If I just spent 45 minutes with a blow dryer and curling iron everyday, I would have volume!  And, yeah, that's not sustainable for me.  I've had so many experiences where I leave the salon looking great only to discover there is no way I'll recreate the look at home. Mary is nothing like that.  She scheduled extra time with me since she knew I was coming in for the first time and wanted a dramatic change.  She looked through examples of pixie cuts I liked, helping me understand what would or wouldn't work well with my hair texture and what would flatter my face, and checked in with me every step of the way to make sure I was comfortable with the cut, going over how doing one thing or another shorter/longer would impact the overall look.  The end result is literally my favorite haircut of all time. Mary took time to explain how I could style at home, and told me that if I had any trouble, she'd help me with a refresher styling lesson.  I'm almost 30.  I've never had a stylist offer that before.  I was bowled over.  And the thing is, she did such a good job walking me through during the haircut that I didn't even need to take her up on the offer. I think I've finally found the perfect stylist and salon for me.  I'd recommend Mary to anyone.
From out of town, I went here to have my hair dyed and cut. Always a risk. Karen took my appointment. The salon was clean and well fashioned - a pleasant atmosphere. The color and cut I received were top notch. I would definitely come back to get either color or cut. Keep up the good work!
Since this was my first time here, I was nervous because I am always nervous to try a new salon/stylist. Ashley from Salon 109 made all my anxiety go away! I wasn't 100% sure what I wanted to do with my hair but had an idea (and no pictures - which usually is not a good idea). Together, Ashley and I were able to consult each other about what would be best for my hair. They have tons of hair magazines that I was able to convey what I wanted to get done to my hair. With my basic idea and Ashley's knowledge in hair coloring and cutting, let me tell you - I look smoking hot!! Walking out of the Salon 109, just down the street to the bakery, I had several people walk up to me and actually comment on how nice my hair looked! Everyone loves my new hair, thanks to Ashley and Salon 109! And one last thing, they will take care of you! Even if it is from getting you a magazine or a drink, they are really concerned about making you feel comfortable as possible. The only downside (which is minor as you can see from above), is that the parking is metered. If you can take a bus in or get a ride that would be the best way to get there. Overall, I am telling everyone about Salon 109 and already made an appointment to go back to see Ashley!
One of the stylist is Josephine.  Josephine is not my regular hair stylist, but she fixed my hair on one occassion when I made the mistake of going to the mall and getting a hair cut. The mall cut resulted in what I can only describe as a train wreck and THANK GOODNESS JOSEPHINE was able to fix it and put it back into a shape that resembled hair and not the frayed ends of an area rug. Thanks Jo! I recommend her without hesitation. She is personable and professional at what she does. (And her hair always looks great, so that should be some indication).
Worth to visit! Great service, you will get exactly what you want! Had my haircut with Mary - now I am a happy owner of new look;)
Got my legs and bikini waxed by Mary and she was nice, comfortable, and quick. I was out of there in less than 45 mins. $60 for the combo seemed like a reasonable price and she also had a special add-on eyebrow wax for free. She didn't chew my ear off like some other waxers but also wasn't too quiet. Perfect amount of chattiness for me! The ambiance at the salon was nice, quiet, and very friendly. Overall a good spot!
Mary cut and styled my hair today and she did a great job.  She is a very nice lady: I was impressed by how professional, courteous and helpful she was.  She really strove to understand what I wanted and made me feel welcome and comfortable. I am very happy I found her salon!
I went in to get a massage. I got a 60 minute from Roland. He was fantastic. I am from Massachusetts but travel to Albany for business often. I will definitely go again. Not only was it a great massage but Roland is very knowledgeable about the body in general. He was able to work on my sore spots in my back/neck and make a big difference in one session. I do experience pain from all of the traveling that I do and he got right into the knots. He was also able to do some stretching on my arms and legs and that felt great! I get massage often and have had my fair share of disappointments so I am always happy to write reviews on great work. Go to Roland, he was professional and exceptional at what he does.
The salon offers every imaginable service. It is possible to pamper yourself in world class style at extremely reasonable prices in Downtown Albany. Mary and her staff are simply the best.
I found Salon 109 and Mary Beckmann when I moved to Albany from Boston in December 2012. I was looking for a quality relationship with a stylist, and Mary is absolutely all about quality. She was a quick study in my hair type, what looks good with my face, and got it right away. Also, she's friendly, welcoming, and as the owner-stylist of Salon 109, she's a great ambassador for Downtown Albany! I definitely recommend Mary and Salon 109.
I am from Boston and am in Albany for work. I went to Salon 109 on recommendations from Yelp. I got a massage from Roland, which was AMAZING. I also got a Shallac French Manicure from Toni, which was also FANTASTIC. I will absolutely return to this salon my next visit! Two thumbs up! ;)
I have been a customer for many years and am very happy with the professional service rendered. From the minute you walk in the door your needs are attended to. All of the staff are courteous and friendly to you. The salon is spotless and well appointed.
Visiting from out of town, needed a bikini wax. Loved and adored my experience here! It's a beautiful salon. The staff is helpful. Mary is a delight. She's quick and set me perfectly at ease. Everything about this salon is elegant and comfortable. Three cheers and five stars for 109!
