I come from Philadelphia where we have great diners on every other corner. After travelling the tri-state area and experiencing great diners from the Jersey Shore to South Philly my favorite diner ended up being in Niagra Falls. This place is only a 5 minute drive from the tourist area but its well worth it. The cost is extremely low, especially for the area. The food is great. Kids loved their pancakes, big and fluffy with great syrup. My eggs were perfect. They make their own bacon and sausage, both of which were amazing. Coffee and orange juice were great too. The only thing I didn't really enjoy much was the pemeal bacon. It was my first time trying it so I think its a reflection of my taste profile rather than the quality of the pemeal. As a Philly boy I prefer Pork Roll and Scrapple. They also make their own bread and toast it, I liked the toast but my wife said it was the greatest toast she ever had. She dreams about this toast. The place is small but very old-timey. Great decorative feel to the place. The food took a long time to come out but that was my feeling about everywhere I ate in Canada. I don't know if I caught a busy time everywhere or if they're just more laid back. Talking to some Canadian friends I think it might be the latter, they're much more chill.
My boyfriend and I decided to try out The Regal Diner after seeing the high Yelp ratings. It was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel which wasn't that bad but might be too far for other hotels. The prices are more affordable than all the breakfast places in the Niagara tourist area. The diner is quite small and narrow that we almost walked passed it. They preserved the diner look by keeping all the appliances there but it does take up a lot of space. The two waitresses that were working that morning were friendly and attentive during our visit. We both ordered two eggs with toast, sausage, and home fries. My boyfriend also added a side of bacon for us to share. It didn't take too long for our breakfast to arrive. I was excited to have some breakfast sausage but was disappointed. It came out as a sausage patty and tasted dry. The bacon was too thick for our liking. Additionally, I ordered an orange juice before my meal arrived. It wasn't fresh orange juice. I saw the waitress pour the Tropicana orange juice into my glass. A small glass of oj for almost $3 is definitely overpriced. If you're visiting Niagara and are looking for an affordable breakfast try this place out if you are up for a little walk. However, don't get too excited about the breakfast.
Rotten! Rotten location, rotten smell, rotten service. Not sure how this place has rated 4.5 stars to date. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
There was a slow down in the kitchen when we arrived.  They warned us that it would be a while for our food to show up.  We didn't mind.  The price was reasonable and they plied us with coffee while we waited. Their home-made sausage was excellent.  It was flavourful and succulent. I had their french toast with local maple syrup.  This was ok.  It tasted good but nothing to write home about. Overall I would recommend this place as a great alternative to boring fast food and overpriced breakfasts in town.
Excellent food ! Nice small looking diner. Food is local, a lot of home made food: bread, sausage ! Everything was really good. Also a Fair trade place. + nice painting/drawing exhibit.
Went there after doing a search on yelp for best breakfast and was not disapointed.  I had there home made sausage with eggs and a side of pancake. Mmm good. Maybe one of the best pancake i had. I would have like more sirup but that is me. I had a chance to taste my partners bacon ( they make it there also) and i must say very good also. The only down side was that the home made toast were a bit thin and dry.  I would have made it double the size. If you go there go for the food. Very small place. Only 5 tables and counter seating and a one star on decor.
Cute family run diner. Great food and awesome coffee. Nice place to try of you don't want to do to the regular breakfast places in Niagara Falls. Cool way to pay by credit card.
Such a great breakfast, and just a tad out of the heavily touristed area. So the price is right to boot.  Each ingredients is perfect and so is the meal. On the other hand, be prepared to wait for service if the Regal is busy. The upshot....relax, put aside an hour for the best breakfast in Niagara Falls.  And you won't be getting gouged like a tourist for the umpteenth meal!
Service: 1 star. Food 4 stars. Waitress was rude, had an attitude, and talked back sarcastically at my parents when they asked a simple question. I understand the place is busy and we were informed kitchen is a bit slow (and it was). Otherwise sandwiches came out pretty good once they arrived.
You really have to look for this place, it's literally about 20ft wide. Went there for breakfast, the potatoes were perfection, and the bacon.....oh, so good it could make a vegetarian convert back to meat. There is artwork on the walls from a local artist that kinda creeped me out, but other than that, I had no complaints.
House made bacon and sausage.  Extraordinarily flavorful peppers so anything with those is worth the order.  Solid classic French toast and their wheat bread (light) is probably the better pick.  Pea meal bacon and home fries especially good.  Next time remember to get the sausage butty (breakfast sandwich?).  Very small and charming place.
Only a few minutes from the flashing lights and tackiness of the tourist area, this small diner is an oasis of retro-cool.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside we loved the decor and the food, coffee and service were all good.  If you're the kind of person who hates eating breakfast in chain restaurants then I would definitely check this place out, and if we are ever in Niagara Falls again we will go back.
Thanks to Yelp reviews, my boyfriend and I tried The Regal Diner 4/3. It really is a "blink and you miss it" location, but the experience didn't disappoint. Great decor, very narrow (the waitress told us it was an alley converted into a restaurant!). I had two eggs over easy, home fries, wheat toast with jam, and peameal. Amazing from start to finish! The boyfriend had the same thing, with white toast and sausage. The locals were extremely friendly, the service was wonderfully attentive, I cannot wait to return here!
Absolute worst service I've ever experienced. The lady serving us was full of attitude. I get that she's probably miserable - I would be too if I had to spend my day at a rundown hole in the wall - but no need to take it out on your guests. Do not waste your time or money at this place! There are much better options available in Niagara.
We decided to come here for breakfast based on the good reviews on here and we were not disappointed. Food was very delicious and the people we met inside and the waitress were very pleasant, friendly and helpful. It is sort of a small space but worth it compared to all the "all you can eat buffet" that seem to be all around Niagara.
Had breakfast last weekend and everyone was impressed.  They double smoke their own bacon, bake their own bread, make their own jams and coffee was great.  This is a throw back to the way it used to be. When in Niagara you have to check this place out!
Regal diner is a local gem. We walked in to this unsuspecting gold mine. Dimly lit and occupied by only one other couple we were second guessing fellow yelpers, but man were we happily fed! Regal does a bang up job buying local and producing their own breads and sausage. I ordered the French toast and it was delightful. Fluffy and light and paired well with the Niagara syrup. I also had to try their breakfast sausage and I was one happy girl. My boyfriend ordered the bleu cheese burger and he raved. He added a egg on top of it to boot. The art in the diner is interesting, and I think it changes frequently which I always like when local businesses allow artists to display their art. The owners were both very friendly and inviting and chatted with us for a couple minutes, and gave us some good recommendations for other local joints. We were very happy with our experience here and I'd definitely come back here next time I'm in Niagara Falls.
Food = tasty. But, be sure you really know what is going into your food. Not as "organic" and "locally soured' as they claim. Seriously. Make sure you ask them where they source their food from. I bet you'll be surprised. Their breakfast is good, but quite honestly it's a pretty hard thing to screw up.  It's nice they bake their own breads and have their own jams. But, you are fooling yourself if you think they are baking with organic flour or sugar. Burgers: they make their own patty, which again is nice, but again, always ask what their 'local' source might be. I think the coffee and sugar that they put out on the tables is the only thing organic in the house. I'm a local and I can't fathom how some people claim to drive long distances just to eat here. I mean it's okay. From TO? Skip it. There are far better truly organic and locally sourced places there. Are you a tourist hoping to capture the local food scene? Keep in mind this is literally a little hole in the wall and if you have a big party (meaning more than 4 people) you are not welcome and they will let you know that. I hope you don't have a complex order (meaning you can't order breakfast and lunch from the same table or two people can't get omlettes or they will yell at you/and or get easily overwhelmed. The server has a major attitude problem. The bathroom is a scary scary pit of filth. Empty your bladder elsewhere before you come here or be prepared to hover. Especially if you are of the female variety. I hope the cleanliness of the bathroom doesn't correlate to how cleanly the kitchen may or may not be.
Great little place off the main tourist trap. The exterior is still from 1930s which adds tons of class to this little dive! Great in house made bread, bacon and sausage. Yummy!!! Owners made us feel right at home and music was great. Awesome breakfast.
Had wonderful breakfast in an otherwise food dessert.  Tasty eggs, peameal bacon and sausage, fluffy pancakes and homemade bread and jam.  Decor nothing to write home about but who cares when food tastes like this.  Sad it's closes tues and weds otherwise we would have been straight back there tomorrow.
The most amazing and fresh eggs. Peameal was delicious. Server is friendly and awesome. Fun hole in the wall. Also had their gunpowder green tea. Delish.
I went to the Diner for breakfast with my family.  It was busy.  There were only two staff working out front. We waited about 20 minutes to get our order taken, then waited another 30 to have it made. We were only told after waiting 30 minutes that our order of pancakes, French Toast, omelette and side of bacon was going on the grill.  Had the waitress told us sooner how long the wait would be, we would have left.  The food was ok but nothing special.  I would say it is on par with the Flying Saucer Restaurant in the city which has better service and nice staff. The Regal Diner didn't live up to the hype for me and my family.
In a town where your breakfast options are limited to IHOP and Golden Griddle, Regal Diner is a refreshing change. Set into a former alley, the narrow diner offers simple and tasty breakfast and lunch choices. Important points: - coffee is organic and fair trade - they smoke and slice their own bacon (!) - they bake their own bread, daily - friendly, competent service Doesn't look like much from the outside, but definitely worth the visit!
This place is probably the most authentic thing in Niagara Falls, apart from the Falls themselves. It's off the beaten path (thank god), but not far if you're staying in a hotel near the center (5min driving/25min walking from the falls). The place is owned by a guy and a gal from BC (you can read their story on the menu), and they brought that West coast penchant for all things grass-fed, local, fair trade. NOW FOR THE REAL INFO: they make their own DELICIOUS bread, DELICIOUS jams. The server/owner lady gave us Peach, Raspberry, and Blueberry to try with our toast. I am not generally a fan of homefries, but the cook/owner guy pretty much made us the best home fries I have ever had the pleasure to eat. So seriously, go to this place for breakfast.
Such a cool find in Niagara Falls! Excellent and affordable breakfast. We had the omelette, French toast, and sides of their homemade sausage and bacon. Friendly service and authentic diner vibe. Free parking in the back.
Nom nom nom. So tasty! Rinky-dink little place, but so good. I got the bacon cheeseburger, hubby got the French toast. Both of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and the waitress was great. Much cheaper than lots of the more touristy places near the falls.
In a town where everything comes off as flashy and touristy,  this is a real gem. Great tasting, feel good, honest food. The bacon  was smoky and delicous. The bread fresh and overall good plate presentation. We had French toast and Niagara maple syrup and the blue cheese burger and were very satisfied. This will be my go to whenever I'm in town. Nice place to enjoy a nice rush meal with some friends.  Great relaxing feel good music too!
Delicious food at very reasonable prices
My mom are in town for the weekend and decided to give Regal Diner a try based on other yelp reviews. We both enjoyed it. The food was great. I had the French toast with a side of bacon while my mom had the 2 eggs, bacon, homefries and toast. The food was delicious. We also liked the atmosphere. We came at the right time, as a party of 10 arrived when we were finishing up. It's a small place and one person is cooking. The waitress did tell them it'll take a little time to get everyone their food. I would definitely go again if I'm ever in town and would recommend it to anyone.
Do yourself a favor and skip the iHop. They charge $18.99 for an omelette and it is absolutely crazy. This place serves amazing food and for a reasonable price. The girl who works there is so friendly. We went there every morning for three days in a row during our recent 4-night stay. The bacon is out of this world and the omelets are truly exquisite. In fact, this place was recently featured on the show "You Gotta Eat Here" because it's so good. We will be back!
This is a great diner. The french toast was amazing. Really laid back atmosphere
We went to breakfast there this morning and the food was amazing! We are deff going back!
If you're in the Niagara Falls area, get off the beaten path and have breakfast here! I was slightly disappointed, 'cause I came here for their butter tarts and found none.  I had read in another review that Regal had the best ones.  But left very satisfied and happy, Nancy, our waitress and host, was great, she recommended where I could find butter tarts in the area. So, if you find yourself in the Niagara area, and are hungry for yummy breakfast food, stop in and get some eggs and sausage at Regal.
New owners since Nov 2011 and they are great.  A small "hole-in-the-wall" local diner that is off the tourist radar.  It should be on foodies' radar though as a low down breakfast spot.  Old original diner set-up, 10' wide and 50' deep - just a guess :)  - with a counter and stools and 4-5 small tables.  Home made bread and real ingredients - the food is great.  Generous portions of freshness, under $10 taxes incl. for breakfast with a bottomless cup of coffee.  A one-of-a-kind breakfast spot that you will return to again and again.
