I want to eat Five Guys all day, every day. I LOVE the convenience of this Five Guys location. Yes, you still need a car to get to it but it's not that far once you've got a mode of transportation...unlike the Five Guys near me, which is not accessible by my campus/county bus :( Finally tried the Cajun style fries here. I think I'll just stick to regular instead :)
If you don't know Five Guys then this is a great first one to try. The people here are friendly and nice, and the food always delivers the Five Guy standard. Its a little over priced for the portions that you get. It isn't a huge burger, but it's delicious. The fries are classic too. Five Guys have a weird code against cooking burgers rare which I can't stand. It's a safety or health concern though I guess. Ultimately a  nice greasy that beats out most fast food, but can't create a burger as good as most restaurant chains like the nearby Texas Roadhouse or the local Burger Monday's.
Not as great as everyone makes it out to be. Dirty inside and really greasy food.
All I have to say is holy shit, these are the best damn fast food burgers I have ever had.  Hell, I'm not even sure I should qualify it, they are the best burgers I have ever had.  People on the West Coast always talk about their In-n-Out Burger, and having had both, I would challange someone to tell me that a double-double animal style is better than the Five Guys' bacon cheese burger with grilled onions and bbq sauce.  Don't even get me started on their fries.  In fact I am speechless, there is nothing else I can say about these tasty treat. Bottom Line: It does not get better than this.
Five Guys makes a good, greasy burger. Nice and juicy with a good assortment of toppings available (some traditional, some not so). The burgers are big, especially if you get the regular size and not the "little." Good, but not transcendent, and a bit on the pricey side for fast food. As others have noted, fries are available in heaping portions. The small can easily feed 3 or 4 people. The large could probably feed an army. I like the fries, they are the old-school skin-on variety. Idaho, keep on keeping on. Again, expensive as fries go, but you get your money's worth, and enough starch to last a year. Overall, I'm not as enthusiastic as some are. I'd rather go to Mediterranean Gyro or Moghul in the same complex if I'm there.  But many swear by Five Guys as a religious burger experience, so you're probably best off trying it out for yourself  to see if you're of that persuasion.
I'm probably on my own here but I really didn't see what the hoopla (yeah, I said it!) is all about. I came in with my mom and boyfriend for a quick lunch. Granted the burger was good, but I live in NJ so I've absolutely had better. The fries were good, but I wasn't surprised there. Overall, the place was ok. Their cleaning routine is disgusting though. Employees were sweeping the floor (good) but in order to be thorough they were places the chairs ON TOP of the table. Dirty chair legs on a table where people are supposed to eat? Gross! I'd have Five Guys again but more as a if I have to trip. I definitely won't go out of my way to eat there.
It's a five guys. Good burgers, good fries, way better than any other burger chain. Would eat here again.
I love Five Guys. I just wish it loved me. These burgers are amazing. They're superior. I love eating here. There's a plethora of options for things to put on them from basics like cheese and bacon, to less-common toppings like jalapenos and A1 sauce (my favorite: a little bacon cheeseburger with sauteed onions, sauteed mushrooms and A1). However! These are also greasy burgers. It's a big part of why they're so good, but if your tummy is sensitive to grease, proceed with caution! I've eaten here twice, and two times I've been rather ill after. I've yet to decide if it's worth it or not. Until I do, I'll probably continue eating here once in a while!
They boast a ton about themselves with all the various ratings and "awards" plastered on the wall, but the food is pretty un-memorable.  Their burgers are okay, cajun fries are yummy - generous portions too~ They don't have any 'combo' type deals, so you pay for everything separately - I'm not so sure it's worth it. I guess I would consider popping in just for some fries.
Award winning burger franchise with a simple menu... Burgers in two sizes. Single patty or double. Hot dogs. Fries. Soda. oh, and free peanuts. (huh? I don't get the peanut thing.) After a few weeks of hearing friends rave over the best burgers ever, my man and I finally paid a visit. Here's the scoop. Spare, simple decor. The dining area is delineated with a giant wall of potato sacks. (believe me, when you see the size of the servings of french fries, it only looks like a few days worth of potatoes) Order your burger with selected toppings (a dozen or so to pick from), fries, etc. (the "little" burgers are single patties and pretty normal burger size. The "regular" burgers are double patties) You're given a number and an approximate wait time, during which you'll fill your soda cup and lay claim to a table and perhaps nosh on some peanuts. Keep an ear out for the guy yelling out the order numbers, it's not hard to miss. When your number is called, get up and grab your sack. Our was heavily weighted with our burgers and our small order of fries, which had to be close to 5 pounds of potato. Okay, slight exaggeration. So, now the true test...the anticipation was killing me. A bite into the burger reveals an old fashioned diner style burger. I do prefer my burger to be less greasy. These are pretty much fried on a smooth grill top-diner style. Not my burger preference, but as I said, many of my friends LOVE their burgers. Heaps of fries may sound like a great value, and they were pretty good, but not my fave. A little cheeseburger, a bacon cheeseburger, a regular fry and two regular sodas came to about $15. You'll have to try it yourself and weigh in with your opinion.
This place was OK but I don't see what all the fuss is about. The food was alright - fries are cut from potatoes (which you see bags of piled high right there next to where you sit) and the beef was fresh I'd say. Prices are high. Loads of students - no brainer given the location - which isn't great when you're a family with young children. Lots of loud conversations going on around you filled with bad language and inappropriate content!
I'm writing this and rating this review based on my experience with Five Guys in general.   I'm not sure why but it seems chain experiences in general within Binghamton compared to elsewhere is always sub-standard.  The same is the case here. I've been to lots of Five Guys in other locations including the one in Scranton.  The one here just doesn't cut it.  They really short change you on the french fries and the overall place, including the bathrooms, is always a bit of a mess.  The burgers are OK. If you want a decent burger, this is fine but don't expect a bag full of friers like others give you and don't expect it to be clean.
5 guys and fries! if you didnt know what these dudes due, its about time you do! well of course unless you are a veggie, in which case, dont bother, the veg burger is well, its not a veggie burger, just condiments on a bun (boo!!!) peanuts are comped, fries rain from the sky and the burgers are hand formed, pressed down and delic! AND where else you gonna get mr pibb out of a fountain? well lucky for me i dont live in the area (very lucky ;) but i was up for family, i will say that the idea of the whole university plaza with 5 guys and a bunch of other college stuff was attractive alternative to living on campus (well it looked like it)
Went for the first time yesterday. Delicious burgers, but we didn't realize a regular burger was actually a double burger! Shared a huge order of Cajun fries - also delicious! Quick, simple, and tasty. Seemed a little pricey for burgers until we saw how much food we got!
Five Guys get five stars! Really don't be a hater and come here for the best fast food burgers and fries you can get. Might cost more than MickeyD's but it is worth it if your a burger fan. Also the fries are cooked in peanut oil which makes them extra yummy. Just one word of advice.... If you are allergic to peanuts stay about 5 miles from this place.
The only time that I'd ever eaten at Five Guys was in one of the terminals at Dulles International Airport outside of Washington, DC.  The chain started out in suburban Virginia back in the 80s, and recently has been on an expansion tear. I like a good, juicy burger once in a while, so I was pleased to see them come to Binghamton. And, on my recent visits, I haven't been disappointed. First, let's talk about menu variety--or lack thereof. 5 Guys sells burgers, fries, and hot dogs--that's really about it. Their schtick is that all of the food is freshly made--no microwaves, no freezers. It shows in the taste. Honestly, I'm not sure why someone would go to McDonalds or BK if a 5 Guys was nearby and you had a few extra minutes. Burgers are big, flavorful, juicy, and you can customize with over 15 different toppings. I get the bacon cheeseburger, with BBQ sauce and sauteed mushrooms. (Perhaps I need a cardiologist referral...) The fries are pretty glorious, I especially liked the Cajun seasoning that is an option. Big, fresh cut--greasy, but not in a queasiness inducing manner. Keep in mind--just because it's fresh doesn't mean it's health food. And, note--the large fry was enough for my family of four. But when I'm in a burger mood, Five Guys earns my business in Binghamton.
I've had this at College Point in Queens, NY and up here in Binghamton. They taste more or less the same. A lot of people are saying that this is the In-N-Out of the East Coast? Get the hell out of here! The food's okay, don't get me wrong: the beef is freshly cooked on the spot, fries can get addicting especially after a little malt vinegar, and the vegetables are usually pretty fresh. But it's overpriced for such small portions. It definitely is one of the more overrated chains that seem to be taking over Binghamton.
Delicious, juicy burgers. Clean, simple red and white decor. Very generous with the fries, which are halfway between McD's and steak-cut fries in thickness. "Little" bacon cheeseburger (single beef patty) runs about $4.30, the "regular" (two beef patties) is $5.79. With the fries, the "little" bcb is plenty to eat. Really tasty and worthwhile. Plus, very friendly service.
Why go to Burger Mondays when there's a Five Guys in the area.
If you love burgers this is for you. There menu is limited (burgers, fries, hot dogs, grilled cheese). I always order the double patty one. The toppings are limitless and no additional charge (the burgers are a bit pricey at around $6, but IMO worth it with the toppings). Fresh, tasty burgers. What else do you want? Don't expect it to be healthy though. Fries are ok, hot dogs pretty good, however grilled cheese lackluster. I go here every few weeks and definitely worth the visit.
Okay, this is a chain that acts like a local one of a kind restaurant with excellent burgers!  Juicy and flavorful. Neat and clean. A super concept of having peanuts (roasted & salted in the shell) available while they make your order.  This was my first time at a Five Guys and it was very enjoyable. We were passing thru on business and decided to try it out. Glad we did. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, jalapeño peppers and mustard with a regular order of fries. Simply excellent!  Had to eat fries (homemade) out of the bag just to get to my burger (that's wrapped in foil) out of the bag without spraying fries all over the place. There was simply no way I was going to finish the regular size of fries since it's huge!  Wonderful fries!  I will now make a point to find a Five Guys during my travels when I get a taste for a super hamburger.  Highly recommend this restaurant, even if it means going out of your way.
Greasy and expensive.  Inedible
If you have ever read any of my reviews, you know two things. One...I'm cheap and it reflects what I like and where I go. Two...I hate waiting in lines! Three...I'm OBVIOUSLY no writer. I went to five guys with two of my kids and found the menu to be lacking and thought it was expensive. 3 burgers a dog and fries came to over 30 bucks. Parking lot was packed and even though the place is large, seating was non existent at 1:20 in the afternoon. Fresh cut fries were plentiful but limp and way too salty. The burgers were good but reminded me of pretty much every greasy spoon burger I ever ate. If I decided to go back simply on the food...I'd probably try it again but NO burger is worth that kind of wait. Maybe in the summer when the kids are gone. Side note. I think it sucks the way that plaza does business. NO PLAZA should put competing businesses in the same place. Tully's is known for burgers and so is Five guys. The home deli shouldn't have to compete with "5 dollar foot longs"...This is bad business and they need to re-think this policy.
one word - AMAZING.
