I go to dozens of Broadway Shows, but I am totally impressed by the productions that they put on here.  Today, we went at the last minute and sat in the last row, and yet we were still up close to the stage and the view was terrific. The matinee menu is not the same as the evening menu and that was my only disappointment today.  There was no prime rib on the menu.   This a great and affordable way to introduce kids to live theatre.  You can see a show and have dinner for not much more than it costs just to park and pay tolls to see a play on Broadway.  By the way, parking here is free. I've also been here to celebrate special occasions and made use of their luxury boxes which cost a little more but your group gets its own waiters, rest room, hors d'oeuvres and privacy.   The box is totally shut off from the theatre and has its own dining table for you and your guests and little side tables for hors d'oeuvres.  And it also has seats from which to watch the show.  When it is show time, the privacy curtain rises, and the seats are facing the stage. I have never had a bad experience here.  The plays are wonderful, the food is good and the staff treat us well and supply good service
I love this place. I can watch a show and enjoy a nice meal at the same time. I have been here several times. I have never been disappointed w the shows. Just remember your here for the show. The food is ok with a limited menu, the drinks are not are not strong.
It has been a while since I have been to the dinner theater and not eaten someplace else before hand. I am exceptionally suprised at how much the food has changed for the better. I got the Kansas City  ribs and my girlfriend had the pretzel chicken. The food was exceptional. What a great way to get ready for a show!
We saw both Mary Poppins and Wizard of Oz. The interactive stage is great for kids, they love when the characters walk by their seats. The sound and light quality is as good as a Broadway Show. I take one star away for the food quality but it's still fun to seat with your family and watch the show at the table.
We saw the Titanic here in a luxury box and it was a very enjoyable experience.  I disagree with my fellow yelpers; I found the food to be better than expected and the show to be a bit less than expected.  All the hors d'oeuvres, entrees, and desserts that our group got were delicious.  My rare prime rib was cooked beautifully and was quite tender.  We actually got surprisingly full on the fresh fruit and popcorn shrimp in the hors d'oeuvres so we had to make ourselves stop gorging to save room for the entrees.   Service was good.  Our waitress was accommodating when our group repeatedly changed our orders.  The drinks were well made; our long islands were strong.  If you can splurge for the luxury boxes they are definitely recommended.  They are huge, come a viewing area that's separate from the dining, and have a private bathroom.  My in-laws half-joked that the size was bigger than their Manhattan apartment.  Our only gripe was that the chairs were a bit worn and the ceiling had some stains that needed removing.  The performers were good, though not stellar.  But I'll freely admit this is me being used to Broadway caliber performances.  Overall it's a lovely way to spend a night out without going into the city and playing the parking game.
I went to see the matinee of wizard of oz yesterday for my birthday, it was great. The play was well executed, the actors really portrayed the original characters, and it kept my 6 year old entertained the whole time. In May I saw Mary Poppins which I would have to say was even better, and I was never a fan of the original, it was just amazing! Yesterday I sat in the second row table 220 in the middle(I've never sat on the sides), when I went in May I sat a few rows back in 286. While being in the second row was nice the actors come right by you and you're very close, I highly recommend being further back and would prefer where I first sat, it's a better view of everything, although I believe no seats are bad because it's not a large theater. The food was good both times I went, this time I had chicken scaloppini, last time chicken Marsala and my mother had the pork and we both enjoyed our food both times. Waitstaff was good too!
I have gone here for work on a few occasions with my seniors. The shows are always good and the food is decent and the staff is so hospitable.
I actually give the theatre 3.9 stars because the performers are excellent and the staff is very hospitable. Very easy to get to.  More than enough parking.  Not the most elegant theatre I've ever been to, somewhat dated feel all around.  But it is still kept up very well and servers and staff are very nice.   The performers are excellent and driven and I believe its important to support that!  This place has been here for years and I hope it continues.
A great evening whenever we go. The last show we saw was My Fair Lady, and the production was excellent. Free parking. There is some chatter about the food: The food is not as good as the show. There is no shame in that. It is good, not great, but good and often very good. Think of a wedding where they have to serve 400. The very concept of seeing a great show with a good dinner and not spending a king's ransom on parking or schlepping down to Manhattan (we get home in 10 minutes) is just flat out awesome. It isn't Broadway, only Broadway is Broadway. But it really is the next best thing for the locale. There is no better live theater package in the county.
5 stars for the show.. Dont go for the food.  We have been there many times and have never had a good meal.. ALTHOUGH this time the food was better than my previous visits.  Even though this meal was "Better", if it was not for the show, there would be no way I would go for just a meal.  Again for the shows, we have never been to a bad show.. Shows are always top notch..
During high school, one of my friends had her Sweet Sixteen birthday dinner here. And that was nearly seven years ago. It's a good place for kids and young teens into theatre. It's a nice little bit of exposure in an otherwise boring part of town. The food was good and the show wasn't too bad --- I'm not a huge fan of musical theatre.
Saw the matinee of the Wizard of Oz today.  Excellent!  The only downside to the whole experience there is the quality of the food...a notch up from airline food.  My chicken dish was served cold with no onions or capers or sauce per the description.  The meatloaf (both my husband and son ordered) was just ok.  My daughter had the stuffed fish with crabmeat and she was ok it.  We could not seem to get coffee after our plates were cleared from the meal until after dessert (scoop of vanilla ice cream with a small piece of brownie) was served.  We had wanted to order an appetizer or two (for an additional charge) but was told that they are not available for matinee performances.  Then why put that menu on the table?  I think the dinner menu's are a notch up from the matinees.  We have been here several times but today's food really was not great.  I was extremely disappointed.  They also needed more servers.  Trying to get a refill on a drink took forever.  The meal was not worth the $30.00 per person that you get to "tip" on.  I did tip 20% of the bill that was given to us because it wasn't the server's fault being understaffed.  Better luck next time I hope.
Trips to The Westchester Broadway Dinner Theatre have been a tradition in my family.  Growing up, we'd go to the Theater at least once a year for the Christmas show.  This year, feeling kind of nostalgic, we decided to take my grandmother here to see the Sleepy Hollow Christmas Carol for a matinee show.   Perhaps I've never been here for a matinee before, or perhaps the quality has gone down a tad since the last time I was there.  The price of each ticket was $80, with $35 going to the cost of the actual meal.  I would have paid roughly $20 for everything I had: okay chicken, baked potato, sauteed string beans, small side salad with tasteless Caesar dressing, and stale rolls.  Definitely not the quality I remember from the last time I was there: the portions were larger, the bread was fresh, and I always loved the dressing on the salad.  The service is okay, I suppose.  I know they have to go up and down stairs and serve a lot of people, so I don't blame them.  I just have a hard time figuring out exactly what I bought for $35.  Convenience?  I dunno. The show itself was good.  Kind of disappointed that they ripped a lot of the songs from "The Muppet Christmas Carol."  Also (and prepare yourself for the most cold-hearted comment of all time), I really thought the young boy they cast for Tiny Tim wasn't a good fit for a musical.  He was adorable and a great little actor...but his singing was a little rough on the ears.  I feel horrible even writing it, but it had to be done.  Darn it. But you know what?  I will always love this place.  I can't help myself.  I've seen some really great musicals and plays here, and I will continue to come back for years to come.  I'll just avoid the matinees from now on.
Last night was not our first time at this theater, the food was much better than we remember, we went on a Living Social deal which was great. We were sitting in the 3 row stage left and could not understand anything said unless the actors were facing in out direction. I was so disappointed we left during interemission
Actually, the food is not "quite good."  This review reflects MY experience, and a totally subjective comment FROM THE BUSINESS OWNER has NO place in conjunction with my review.
No better theatre and dining experience anywhere is as good as this. The food is quite good and the shows are Broadway caliber productions.
My husband and I are at the theatre every two to three months.  We are subscribers and luxury box purchasers.  The shows are wonderful.  The only show we did not like in the 25 plus years we have been coming was CATS.  Now, I read the comments about the food.  It ALWAYS is more than satisfying.  We purchase appetizers which lately they offer different ones as well as the usual..they are EXCELLENT! The price we pay for two tickets and what is included is DIRT CHEAP! We also observe the people around us that do not order a thing you have to pay extra for and eat four baskets of bread and butter at no extra charge and DO NOT LEAVE A TIP,awful, and I will guess they are the complainers about the food and cost. This is the find AND bargain of a lifetime!  See you next show. Diane & Umberto
I went to see Titanic with my son and his wife. I was going to introduce them to the Theatre. They have never been to the Westchester Dinner Theatre. I was embarrassed and disappointed. The service was horrible! We ordered soda three times and it never came!! The show was horrible. There was virtually no props on stage. I have been to school plays that were presented 10x better than this. I have been to this Theatre in the past and it was a nice night out. This time around I was very disappointed. I don't think I will spend my hard earned money here again. Then, you have to pay for gratuities.. for what the service was horrible?!!. I fell asleep and so did my son and my daughter in law. It was a boring performance. I would not recommend this performance.
I've been here at least 4 times, The latest ones was A wonderful life and Nine. We went with a group of 30-35 people. One was a evening one and the other was a weekend one. I thought the food was great. I'm just sorry that you have to pay for your pepsi/coke drink. At least they didn't charge us for water. Desserts are not too bad. Most likely will go again.
Saw My Fair Lady last night Don't use GPS, follow theaters directions Easy parking Food was good- similar to a catering hall.   They do charge extra for beverages, appetizers and upgraded desserts Show was really well done Performers are high caliber While we sat center stage, it appeared that most seats/sections are good Have fun
Saw a Rocky Horror midnite showing here...lots of fun. The theatre itself is designed more for shows/plays, with tiered seating and tables for dining while you watch. Seating was tight, and the aisles are narrow. Drinks were very watered down...boooo!
Bought tickets to Seussical there, because my kids are huge Seuss fans. My husband and I had no idea that most of the actors would be children. YIKES! Although my kids (4 and 6) enjoyed seeing all the kids in the production, some of them were painfully awful and sang off-key! From the enthusiasm of the audience, I would think that most were related to a performer. This was an awfully expensive night for a totally amateur production, and we went on a summer Friday night which did not include the "dinner theater" service. Never going there again!
Always have a great time here! Though the menu doesn't change I do enjoy the food.
nine is over, but i am looking forward to seeing Rent in late august, in the mean time Peter Pan.
I used to go here a lot as a kid and just went the other week. This place is awesome and a place to take your children. The theater recounts a lot of past works like King Author; good prices in advance...
We've been coming here for years and have even celebrated special events in the luxury boxes. The food is good and the meals are designed to feed hundreds of people all at once, so those who claim they could get a meal like this for $20 --- McDonalds is an option for them. They would't be paying $35 in Times Square! These are seasoned performers and comparing this entertainment to the $400 Broadway prices to have dinner and a show, you can't go wrong. Parking is free at WBT and there is plenty of it. Compare that to $40 in the theater district in Manhattan with a 20 minute wait for your car and you can't beat it. Save yourselves money and buy one of the show packages or the BOGO at half price every Thanksgiving. We always buy eight gift certificates (two tickets each), we give three as gifts and keep five for ourselves.
