My family and I went here for brunch this morning. The food was good, it was a really nice variety, and the service was great. The waiters and waitresses came over regularly to check on us and make sure we were set with drinks and anything else we needed. But we were frustrated with the set up of the food. The line for the made-to-order omelettes and pancakes grew long because there was only one cook making the omelets and the pancakes, as well as cutting the roast beef. I felt bad for the cook, although he was multi-tasking quite nicely. I just felt that the line would've moved better if there were another server assisting with the roast beef and pancakes. It also would've been helpful to have spread the food out more. Since the omelet line was near the bacon and sausage, people had to cut into the omelet line just to get to those items. Some people also had to cut into the line to get to and from their tables. All in all, it was a nice experience. I would definitely go back for brunch. But, I would just suggest that there be a better layout for the food.
Vintage used to be my go-to place for happy hours or co-workers' birthday lunches. I always raved that theirs were the best fries I had ever tasted and described them as "just like McDonalds' but not as greasy!" The Chipotle Turkey Wrap was consistently satisfying and it quickly became my usual order. The staff also always made sure around lunchtime on weekdays that we could be in and out in under an hour. However...this place has been slipping as of late! The past two times I dined there, my "usual" was not up to the standards that had been set in the past two years. The wrap was loosely and sloppily put together, and I felt like I could have made it myself. It also contained a random bit of cucumber when there should be no cucumber to speak of in this wrap...there never has been, anyway, and the menu has never mentioned anything about it. This probably bothered me much more than it should have but I'd come to depend on the reliability of this place / menu item and it felt like a wrench in the machine. Perhaps more upsetting is that my previously beloved fries were suddenly downgraded to Ore Ida quality. Twice. They looked just about the same as they always have but tasted like something I could have gotten from the frozen foods aisle at Shop Rite. I don't know what went wrong but sadly, I'm hesitant to even go back and try to find out. Also, the last time I went my co-worker and I had to wait 20 minutes for the check because they were taking a "$300 order over the phone." Understaffed much? Come on, Vintage. You can do better than this. Six months ago, I would have rated it 4.5 stars (which would have bumped it up to 5) but I feel like now there is a lot of room for improvement / reparation. The Bikini Martinis are the only thing that haven't gone down in quality (yet).
This is a restaurant that serves bar food, so perhaps it doesn't seem that bad when you have had one too many! But when you sober up, it's a different story altogether... Some of the sandwiches are decent, but don't dare order a salad with it or by itself. The salad leaves are extremely stale, all other veggies sit there for days, and the dressing is absolutely unbearable. Add to that the turtle-paced service and you have got yourself a winner! I also don't understand what the hype is all about Vintage fries, they are simply average. There are better options elsewhere in White Plains, so why bother?!
When there for a 50th anniversary birthday party for a relative... The place was nice and the service was fine.....
My husband and I wanted to have a low key and small celebration for our wedding with family and friends. We live in NYC but didn't want this thing to cost a fortune so we settled on White Plains for the location which is easily accessible from NYC. We decided to give Vintage a try for their brunch party. I contacted them through their website and received a reply soon after with a detailed menu and prices. Having never eaten at Vintage before, we wanted to try the food out before committing. I contacted Declan, the owner, and he said to come up for their usual Sunday brunch whenever we'd like and he'd take care of us. We were able to sample their brunch menu free of charge. We liked the food and after visiting a few other bars in the area, Vintage really had the best deal. The decor inside Vintage itself is a typical bar so for a brunch party, it was a bit "dark" but we tried to decorate with some brighter decorations which made everything really come together. Declan is also really great to work with. He responds to email within 48 hours and is very helpful. My only gripe is he takes forever to deposit checks. Vintage is great for parties or just for Sunday brunch!
Found this to be a really nice bar.  Good for happy hour and also attended a drinks (can't comment on the food, as I didn't get any apps) private party and it was awesome! Excellent service!
We held a Bar Mitzvah party for 125 people  at Vintage. Declan was a pleasure to work with. He helped coordinate with the decorator, the bakery, the DJ, photographer and valet attendants. The entire staff was attentive and responsive throughout the event. The adults were seated in the front of the restaurant and the kids had the party room. This option worked really well in terms of getting relief from teenagers. The food was excellent. I have also attended work functions at Vintage and the food and service has been consistently good. The atmosphere is warm and funky with exposed brick, red and purple walls,  and dark wood. Our family and friends loved the atmosphere and everyone was very comfortable.
I attended a private catered party in the large back room. The food was very good, bar well stocked and the wait staff attentive. So, an A for catering! The front of the restaurant was not attractive and looked worn out -  not very inviting and was empty on a Friday!? No one to greet us on arrival. Hmm... The bathroom was not as well cared for as I expected it might be...maybe it was a just a bad day.
A completely empty dining area at 8:30PM? Okay, I get it. It's a Monday night. Waiting more than half an hour for our food to be served from what I assume to have been a really quiet kitchen on a really quiet night? Not okay, no matter what night it is. Also, the service was super inattentive. We seated ourselves at a larger table behind the divider that separates the bar and the dining area, and after we placed our orders, we were all but forgotten. I finally had to get up from the table, walk around the divider to the bar, and ask if our food was ready yet. The food was average. I ordered a salad from their special's menu (I don't know if this changes daily or weekly, but the paper it was printed on was still crisp so I figured it was a daily special's menu), and it was nice and fresh but definitely something I could easily toss together at home in the space of 5-10 minutes. Seriously, I waited 40 minutes for the salad! Also, ten dollars for some lettuce, ham, mozzarella, and orange slices is quite pricey... The space has a lot of potential though, and they seem to rotate through a good number of events throughout the week (ie. trivia nights, karaoke nights, brunch w/ open bar), so I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt this time and leave my rating at three stars until I get to experience the bar/restaurant on a different occasion.
This review is for the Sunday Brunch - I have not been to vintage at night. The food was great, and there was quite a variety - from salad to seafood to breakfast pancakes & sausage, to delicious cheesecake for dessert! It was ALL 100% tasty. This venue is not for kids at night, but for brunch you can bring 'em along - my kids loved the chocolate chip pancakes. I recommend getting in early - my husband and I arrived at exactly 11:00am when it opens, and it looked pretty empty - but by 11:30 every table was full!
So I recently hosted a brunch at Vintage to support the Go Red for Women (American Heart Association) fundraising initiative. Please click here if you're interested in making a donation: bit.ly/GoREDforWomen This review is strictly based on the all you can eat Sunday brunch at Vintage.  There are lots of healthy and not so healthy options which was fine by me... definitely something for everyone.  They offer the standard breakfast fare: omelet station (eggs cooked to order), bacon, sausages, pancakes (cooked to order), fruit salad, french toast, etc. and lunch items such as salad, baked chicken, grilled steak, pasta, shrimp, calamari, baked fish and more.  Plus you can have unlimited alcoholic beverages (mimosas, wine, beer) for $22.95 or non-alcoholic drinks for $18.95.  I sampled the omelet, french toast, fruit salad, seafood, salad, and the chocolate cake.  Everything was yummy and well-prepared.  And I washed it all down with a couple of mimosas and a glass of Pinot Grigio. ;-) Despite the outside appearance, the venue is large and spacious.  I didn't notice anything special about the decor, but our group felt comfortable dining at Vintage.  There is ample parking especially on a Sunday afternoon.  The vibe there was very laid-back, and the waitstaff was efficient and very accomodating.  I would just recommend that you get there early as the place was packed by 12:30pm.
I am not a big fan of the bar scene in general, but for Vintage I'll make an exception.  Vintage is a restaurant and bar--the bar is out in front, and the restaurant is in the back, in what is essentially a separate room.  It's somewhat trendy, and quite sophisticated.   As for the bar, it is really nice--not the least bit sketchy, in my opinion.  I would even go to this place by myself, especially for karaoke night (Thursdays).  ;)  They also have a salsa night on Wednesdays with a salsa lesson beforehand; I have yet to go, but I plan to go soon with my husband. The clientele seems to consist mainly of the corporate yuppie types who work in the Main St. area of White Plains, so dress nicely if you're going to head over there.  I was surprised at how many men there were--I was wondering where all the single guys around here were hanging out!  (Of course, I'm unavailable, so that doesn't help me!!) I must add that I have eaten in the restaurant part in the back several times, and the food is delicious and moderately priced.  The service is also very good.  If you don't like the bar scene at Vintage, I'd still recommend going there for lunch or dinner sometime.
Maybe it's because I came here during the week, but it just seems like a giant, cavernous, empty space. It's essentially one of those faux-Irish bars that are a dime a dozen in Chicago.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, but that's the vibe here.  The dining room in back seemed pretty depressing, so our little group ate up front in the bar.  The tap selection was pretty good, and it was a taste of home to have some Goose Island Honkers out in White Plains.  I have to give props for the food here, as it was pretty damn good. There's some good stuff on the cheap, like the plate of mini burgers. If you can finish all three of those, my hats off to you. Overall it's good for a business trip or something similar, but I can't see coming for a rockin' good time at this place. The bartender dude, however, is freakin' awesome and cool as hell.   Sweet jesus does one of the other reviewers of this place need to get over themselves. Wow no kidding, a suburban bar in white plains was frequented by suburbanites and corporate types?
I have to say, i went to a Relay for Life event at this place and it was worth the time. It was a rainy day, i drove from NYC to white plains for this event. Parking was a breeze, since the galleria mall is right across from it, street parking was also available. The place is huge, in comparison to most bars in white plains. Its high ceiling and bar in the center, it actually does not feel like a bar. its decoration is light and simple with cooper around the bar stools. Service was really good and the bartender kept the drinks coming fast and strong. The food, OMG this was the best Penne i ever had, it was probably ordered from another restaurant i said, but nope it was cooked by the staff that was there that day. I figure it was because it was for such a nice of an event that everything went smooth, but will try it out again and update my review. PS lots of good looking women that day. Will try the Thursday night Karaoke and see how that works out. PS2: I dont sing
Agree 100% with Sarah M.'s latest comments on the Sunday Brunch. She is right on point. Family of 14 of us was here yesterday for Father's Day Brunch. Needless to say, you can't get your money's worth unless you eat alot, but $18.95 is very reasonable as brunches go. Made to order eggs and pancakes is the way to go! Dessert was either cheesecake or chocolate cake or a giant fresh fruit tier. Family said the cheesecake was very good. Probably not made on premises but who cares. Although the place never fully filled up, we stayed for almost 2 hours and they never once signaled us to leave. Would definitely go back.
Ok, putting aside the fact that my friend called and specifically made a reservation for a TABLE for 10, after which she called and confirmed said reservation with multiple people no fewer than 3 times, and then we got there and every single person we talked to claimed that they were not taking reservations for tables so we were welcome to stand but there were NO RESERVED TABLES (hello, we reserved one?), we actually had a pretty decent time last night.   It was $65 for buffet dinner and 4 hour top shelf open bar, $20 for DDs (no liquor but dinner & soda) with a classic/contemporary rock cover band playing the likes of Led Zeppelin, Bon Jovi, etc.  The buffet dinner (mussels, chicken francese, shepherd's pie, sausage and peppers) was all right, but given the lack of seating, very hard to eat.   The place itself is pretty upscale compared to the other bars in WP, and the reason we opted to stay vs. wandering down Mamaroneck Avenue is that, as a large group already with not much interest in picking up random hook-ups (lol, at least most of us...?), we were able to hear each other talk and not be packed elbow to elbow with the skeevy people in Dooley Macs, Black Bear and James Joyce.  There were, of course, skeevy people, but the crowd really ran from low to mid 20s like us, to middle aged bald men, all the way to grandmas with canes.   The drinks were extremely potent (just a whiff of the LI iced tea was enough to intoxicate) and made drinking your money's worth difficult,  Still, it was probably cheaper than going drink for drink elsewhere. I don't know what the scene is like on a normal night, but this is a fun place to come with friends, although I don't know if it would give young singles too much selection-- unless you're into the no-hair-on-your-head-except-sideburns look.
I havne't been here to eat so perhaps it's different but I came here on a random tues or wed to meet a blind date... the date wasn't too shabby, the place was empty and the service wasn't the best even though there was no one there.   I have to agree with Steve R's review for this one. Parking was easy and convenient but its in a random part of town, right across from the Galleria where you owuldn't think to have a place like this.  I'm still not so sure how I feel about this place.  Drinks weren't too bad... I tried a number of their specialty drinks - martini style of course hehe.
This is a good spot for a show, or some drinks. The location, away from Mamaroneck  Avenue, is nice. Now, it tries to do a lot with what it's got, so there's some hits and misses. But, overall, they are trying, and succeeding. PARKING Everyone from Westchester knows parking in White Plains sucks. But the parking here doesn't suck too much, because the giant garage is RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET!  Nevertheless, on busy nights, there is valet parking right outside the restaurant, if you wanna use it. EXTERIOR I don't really get the "Vintage" thing. This joint is on the north side of Main, by Court Street. 'Looks like they are going for an art deco look, with some shiny metal and quaint lamps outside. 'Not working for me. INTERIOR The interior doesn't match the exterior. Inside, it's grittier. 'Like a waterfront bar in a 1950's movie. The front room is big, echo-ey and, on weekend nights, busy and crowded. The medium-sized bar is on your right, as you enter. When I went, tables were set so close to the bar stools that it was difficult to walk by. There's a weird brick wall, spotlights on the ceiling. You can see it's a jumble of design, but comfortable after a few minutes. 'Did not see the back room. Some quiet, solemn thing seemed to be going on in there. The bathroom was cramped, but reasonably clean. FOOD & DRINKS I thought the food was pretty good. I had the onion soup ($4), wings (half price $4) and mozzarella sticks. They were all prepared as requested, and nicely presented. My bloody Marys were $8 and were not huge, but tasty. My friend's screwdrivers were good, he said. My friend found something foreign in his onion soup (no joke). I thought it was a plastic tie, like for a plastic bread bag on a loaf of bread, but we called the manager over and he said it was a twig (i.e. from an onion plant, I suppose --  do they grow with "twigs"?) and he comped the soup. 'No big deal. SERVICE Didn't think the service was so great. It was a little slow. Okay, they were busy. But Vintage's "policy" is one of complete distrust of the customer. So many people have burned them, that they EXPECT you to bolt for the door, and not pay your bill. So, you have to turn over your credit card, or else pay-as-you go. From the get-go, this creates a crappy relationship with the customer, especially one who doesn't steal services. It also shows a glaring lack of security. But, hey, if that is going to be your policy, then properly execute it. But, no. The bar servers screwed up my bill. I paid for each thing with one server, and then a second incorrectly put me on a non-credit card tab. It got straightened out, but it was *really* "Amateur City." ENTERTAINMENT I went to see a specific show there, which was rock and roll, and it was really great. So, some of the entertainment they have is really good.
Based on a recent party experience ... The food was decent, though some items (mainly the pasta) lacked some flavor. The staff was attentive and saw to it that the food trays stayed full, so there was plenty to go around for sure. The drinks were solid and the bartender excellent - always with a smile, even though she was the only one and this was a very large group. What disappoints me, however, is the overall layout of Vintage. The party room in the back was poorly executed, to the point where it became rather crammed and difficult to maneuver in. The food was set up on the right-hand side of the room where you walk in, when it really should be set up along the back wall for easier flow. Vintage really disowned it's "vintage" look when they renovated. What used to be a sleek, brighter Art Deco feel with a large bar centered in the main room, has become somewhat of a mish-mash of deep colors that look as though it was designed by the folks on one of those do-it-yourself shows on HGTV. The only "vintage" part about it are the restroom doors, which look as though they were plucked out of a 1940s newspaper office. Too bad the place lost it's vintage feel.
Not so bad!  I went to a business party that had reserved the whole back room.  Open bar gives everything a rosy glow in hindsight, but it was also Thursday night.  Karaoke night!  Who doesn't love seeing co-workers and loved ones make fools out of themselves or wow you?   The buffet was okay, the penne being the highlight.  Drinks were very generous and the staff was realy nice.
I came here for brunch on my birthday! For $20 you get an unlimited buffet and unlimited mimosas, which was all delicious. The mix of food offerings was delicious, and I very much appreciated that they brought out a pitcher of mimosas, so we wouldn't have to ask a waitress to come back every time we wanted a drink.
I went to Vintage for their Sunday Funday Brunch. It was definitely a good time! The wait staff were all very friendly and helpful, and our waitress was very quick to refill my mimosas! They had a huge variety of food which was all very tasty. My favorite part was definitely the pancake and omelette bar. The omelette was delicious and the pancakes done just right (especially with chocolate chips). The guy making the pancakes did have the odd habit of flattening them with the spatula... but I guess I can't complain cause I wasn't making them. It's important to realize that this is a brunch buffet. So if you're expecting a STELLAR food experience, go elsewhere. For a brunch, the food was hot and well-prepared; not really much else I can ask for.
I was not impressed with this loud bar full of yuppies and miscellaneous unhip young suburbanites who need an emergency cultural transfusion outside of the college fraternity scene. I guess if you really needed a drink and you didn't have the money to go next door to the classy bar, Trotters, then this would do in a pinch.
My girlfriend and I went to Vintage for Sunday Brunch. This was our first time there. Service: Non existent. Took 10 minutes to flag the waitress down for a drink. After eating, we waited for 15 minutes trying to flag the waitress down for a check. After 15 minutes and our waitress no where to be found, we put $40 down on the table and walked out. Food: The omelet was oily, and the crepe was heavy. The Bacon was fatty and undercooked. They also had pancakes and potatoes which I did not try. Then a bunch of random lunch items that made no sense being on a Sunday buffet brunch. What a waste of time and money.
I hate to contribute to the 5-star/3-star dichotomy, but for me, this place really didn't deserve 4-stars.  Although the restaurant has great food and a decent wine/cocktail selection, my service was so horrible it completely offset any feel-good vibe I had going for the place. I came here on a Wednesday night with a troupe of friends (around 20) for my birthday.  Although the place was a bit empty, I didn't mind b/c I had my own large party.   I think it was poor foresight of the manager to assign a waitress on her 1st night (who also happen to never waitress before) to our table because the poor girl got just about EVERYTHING wrong with our table.  She brought out a bottle of wine we didn't order, and had pre-opened it before presenting it to us...so when we said "nay" to that bottle, she insisted we pay for it because she was absolutely convinced this was what we wanted.  It was obviously only an issue of miscommunication, but her reaction and demeanor were completely unprofessional.  You simply don't treat customers like this.   Then when our food finally came out, half the orders were incorrect.  Most of my friends were kind enough to simply take what was brought without complaining, but for whatever reason, 5 of my friends didn't get their food at all.  They insisted the rest of us start, and by the time they finally got their orders, we all finished ours. Granted, copious amounts of alcohol helped us laugh this off, but it was still frustrating. Lastly, a few friends and I stayed later for the salsa night  they host on Wednesdays,  and when we were leaving around 1 am, the waitress and manager came running up to us saying our bills had not been completely paid.  (Between our large group, we requested that the bill be split between every 4 people.) My friends and I eventually figured out the mistake, and again, due to the waitress not remembering which cards to charge what, one didn't get charged at all, and thus we were short $80 of the total.   All in all, it was a never-ending headache with this place, but maybe if you have a different waitress (or a small group), your experience will be completely different.
I will break the 3-star 5-star trend and give 4-stars....for the weekend brunch buffet.  I cannot comment on this place as a bar, but my husband and I were pleasantly surprised when we stopped there this weekend for brunch.  I had the non-alcholohic brunch ($18.95) and he had the unlimited drinks version ($22.95, I think).  It is worth it to get the drink version for a few dollars more....I am pregnant so it wasn't an option for me. The brunch gets 5-stars for drinks and service.  My husband's glass was never empty and he reported the drinks were decently strong for an all-you-drink deal.  The waiters were very attentive and polite.   The brunch gets 3.5-stars for food.  Nothing great, but definitely better than your average weekend buffet.  I loved the made-to-order pancakes and my husband reported the omelet station was good.  However, the pastries seemed to be brought in from an outside source and pretty much sucked.   I would will go again....when I am not pregnant and can drink.  You definitely get your money's worth on the drinks.
Vintage is a GREAT place for a private party. Declan Farrell gives you fantastic service and does it with a smile. His team is efficient, kind and always helpful. They make planning a big party very easy because they want to accomodate you as best he can. He wants you to be happy. The food was excellent - we got lots of compliments from our guests -- and the room looked beautiful. If you're hosting any size party this is where you want to do it so that you feel well taken care of, listened to and you can be sure you will get the best you can have at any price range. GREAT place and GREAT guy!!!!!
All you can eat brunch is spectacular if you like to eat and appreciate a good variety.
Good place to see live music. Huge venue, with a nice bar, though not nearly enough bathrooms to accomodate a large crowd.
I've only been here for brunch and lunch, and the food is decent. Brunch was more on the lunch-y side, and not the best value for money. Beer and cocktails are reasonable but their wine list is embarrassing small. Would come back for bar-type food and brews at the bar.
As per standard protocol, let me preface this by stating this review is for the Sunday brunch only. We have went to their Sunday brunch on consecutive weekends. It is awesome. Bargain priced with a ton of selections. Home fried potatoes are excellent, as are the vegetables. Omelette and pancake station. Two meat offerings at the carving board. Salad bar, muffins and baked goods. Desserts with fruit for dessert. We really enjoy the buffet style brunch and the service was great. Strong recommendation to check this place out if brunch is your thing. Plus they have it available until 3:00 with an open bar drink option.
Myself and a party of 5 adults and 2 children went there last night for dinner and were asked to leave while we were finishing our post meal coffee and desert.  The waiter came over to us and politely said "Can you move over to the bar we need your table for a party of 6"  Well I thought about it later and became furious.  Our bill was $130 and we were just finishing our meal, I think I had the right to stay and I should have but my wife didnt want to cause a scene, I dont know why this waiter thought I would take my family and elderly in-laws and children over to the bar area?  WTF!!!  I am actually going to call today and complain and speak to the manager.  We were all there under an hour and didnt order cheeseburgers and fries we ordered full real meals!  Just has left me with a terrible taste for this place.
The karaoke on thursday nights is a lotta fun! Drinks were strong, and the crowd was decent.
THe hostess was so pleasant, I wish I could add another star. We came for dinner, we fourty somethings, and I think that my gray hairs resulted in the cold shoulder. I was in a really good mood until the plates literally *plonked* down on our tables. Hey! Was it something I said? so much for a cozy table for 2. Menu is pretty inventive, and presentation (on sturdy plates) was obviously a priority in the kitchen. But the food was not worth the baffling treatment. We won't trouble you further.
Celebrated my 40th recently at Vintage with family and friends.  Loved the space and the wall lighting in the venue makes for great ambiance.  Service was outstanding (Thank you Claire and staff for all your help).   Would highly recommend for a private party function.
Bartenders very nice, however online they have listed a full drink/martini menu, when we arrived and asked for it, they told us that there was no drink menu... downside. The food however was good, we only had the appetizer sampler, and the calamari was pretty good especially with the chipotle and spicy tomato dipping sauces. Mostly after work professionals, and in the back room there was some salsa dancing. Not a bad spot for a lowkey night.
I went for the shepards pie which was okay. It was tasty and I finished the plate so a good meal indeed. Also, we sat outside which had some light street activity going on which was nice.
