One of the most fun shows I've seen. Newsies is one of my favorite musicals ever! I've loved it since I was a kid. And Christian Bale? OMG. Hot. I know it's not on Broadway anymore, but I'd highly recommend you see the tour. The set is really vertical so I recommend sitting higher up for a good view. All the dancing and singing was awesome. A few things about the story varied from the movie and I wasn't the biggest fan of those but hey, you gotta do it for the stage. I walked up 10 minutes before showtime and got a box office ticket worth $150 for $50. SCORE!!!
I was really disappointed in the show. It was unoriginal and the music wasn't memorable. It was easy predicting the plotline and even "shocking" moments weren't that shocking at all. The best parts of the show were the actors and the set. The acting and singing were amazing. The dancing choreography was very typical, with the twirls and the jumps.
Back in the day when we still used VCR's, my husband, then boyfriend, bought me the VHS tape of Newsies saying that as a child, this was the only musical he like.  Fast forward to August 2014, I knew we had to catch this on Broadway before the run ended. We enjoyed the performance but he didn't like some of the changes made from the original film.  Also, he commented that the female lead was not a very good singer although he didn't mind her more prominent role as a change from the original story line.  We both loved the dancing and songs. We sat towards the mid-back orchestra section to the left of the center row.  Some of our view was cut off from the balcony above, but not enough to miss anything. As an Annie and Les Miserables fan myself, I can see why some may not enjoy this musical if you didn't see the movie...if it wasn't for my husband, I don't know that I would have made the 6 1/2 hour trip to see this show. Personally, I would have chose Aladdin but I still enjoyed the show.
There is a lot of dancing in this show.  "But Bill," you say, "it's a Broadway show and of course there will be dancing."  And I say "I know, I know.  Keep your shirt on Eunice."   But in this show, just when you think the dancing is over, there is more dancing.  It's like they didn't know when to stop the music. Aside from the dancing overload, this was a nice show.  Not the best show I've seen but the cast was appealing, the story was nice, the music was really great and the orchestra sounded awesome. I think this is a good show for kids as there are only a couple of curse words and other than a few chaste kisses, nothing too sexual is going on. The dancers are very, very talented, so I don't want to take anything away from them, but it's confusing for the audience when everyone stops...throws their hands up like they are done...the audience claps...and then they start dancing again.  I really want to know for sure when I'm supposed to clap.  Maybe they need those "applause" signs. Anyway, it's closing soon but check it out if you can.
Disney never fails me. I enjoyed this show very much, and thought it had a great theme--standing up for what you believe in, in this case--save the children/under-represented. It was a heart warming story, and the dancing was high-energy! The cast consisted of talented young professionals and kids. One of the characters was the youngest kid I've seen in broadway (super cute), the main character was very talented, and of course, there is love, a surprise twist, and a happy ending--what more would you ask for?Mezzanine level was perfect because you get to see the choreography from a slightly elevated view. The show is closing, so go see before it's too late.
This is pure Disney - and that is NOT a compliment. It is manipulative - the main and most disturbing Disney trademark. It is predictable - never do we feel there is any chance the "strike" will fail - nor is there any thought given to the consequences if it does fail or, more importantly, if it does not fail - that's all thinking too subtle for Disney. The rich are all redeemed at the end. The mothers are all dead. "Wishing" and "dreaming" accomplishes all (with a little help from coincidence and rich people thrown in when the Disney manufacturers can't think of anything else to drive the plot  (well actually, they NEVER can think of anything to drive a plot - they just steal all their plots.) It trivializes what is actually a great story and could have been made into a great theater piece. The music is derivative and the energy level is a constant siren level, which makes it difficult to evoke any subtlety in either emotion or expressivity. The choreography is unoriginal, derivative, and mostly senseless in the context of the story. I admit the dancing was fun to watch - but it would have been more fun if they hadn't sucked dry the inspiring story of an unusual accomplishment like the parasites they are, in order to have some excuse for having a bunch of boys dance. Great ballet companies - great musicals, great theater in general - has always figured out reasons to dance - but Disney isn't art or theater - it's manipulation and sensationalism at its most frivolous. It's carnival art. The sets are 21st century over-the-top distracting. I could see what they were trying to evoke - the subway, the 20th century elevators, the tenements - but it could have been done without smacking me in the face for 2 hours. I'm not stupid. I don't need 2 hours of shouting and screaming (no one sings - they all scream) and flashing video screens to enjoy a show. If I want that kind of thing I can always go to an amusement park. I go to the theater for something altogether more profound. To say it was formulaic is putting it mildly. The only thing good about these shows is that it looks as if the kids have a good time doing them. But it doesn't develop the art of acting or dancing. It doesn't develop great directors, musicians or actors - it just uses them up. Where the hell are artists that have their own voices? Drowned by Disney. Used up by Disney. Exploited by Disney. Co-opted by Disney. The GREAT AMERICAN CULTURAL PARASITE. God help us.  I say Woohoo! As good as it gets! if you're talking about Disney World. It's as good "DISNEY" as you'll get. That world, however is not one I want my children to live in.
So very, very good. While I was a little nervous since I am such a huge fan of the movie and heard it was pretty different, I still decided to see it. Especially since it closes on August 24. Orchestra seats were only $75 at TKTS so Lisa and Insaid "why not?" and got in line. The dancing is brilliant, the costumes adorable and the singing excellent. I will say, and I mean this in a non-bitchy way, that tje female lead sounded off several times during her songs. From pitchy to completely off I think it was exhaustion and it makes sense: the ridiculous schedule and grueling life of a broadway star is not something I could handle. She was awesome, nonetheless and convincing. The new songs keep things interesting for us who have the (film) soundtrack memorized and the lack of Denton gives a little more depth to the story. Like many newer shows there is a moment where the action is not on the stage. I love that. If you haven't gone yet, go before it's gone.
So so so good. My first Broadway experience and it did not disappoint at all!! I was a huge fan of the movie and my friend and I were in town having a day of fun and decided to get in line at TKTS. The seats (in orchestra!) were only $75 so my friend and I decided why not and I am so glad that we did. The choreography is amazeballs. Just so so good. The singing and acting ain't too shabby. The male lead (Corey Cott) was my favorite - his conviction was so inspiring I actually got emotional because of how much it touched me. The young boy also was a great actor and was great for the laughs. The stage and music were also great. The way they made use of the stage for the set and how it moved around was really cool. All in all - great job and you should go see it before it's gone!
So fun to finally see this show :) The choreography and dancing are absolutely amazing!  If you're a fan of So You Think You Can Dance, you will recognize some of the cast. There is so much talent and I enjoyed how they used their props so creatively. The cast has an insane amount of energy. The story line has been changed a bit from the movie and they have some new songs, which I wasn't crazy about...but overall it was very fun to watch. They sell day of tickets at the theater for $30. It's a great deal and I sat in the 9th row. I would highly recommend Newsies to anyone!
One of the best shows on broadway not to be missed so hurry up and buy tickets For newsies you gave until august 24
Great show! There was so much energy from the cast and everyone is super talented. The dancing is on point and just so much fun to look at. Corey Cott is amazing at the role and makes you laugh the entire show. All the Newsies are super cute - there's so much eye candy!! The show is closing in August to go on a nationwide tour so make sure you get tickets to see them before they go! I'm so glad that I was able to see the amazing choreo before they leave Broadway!
Newsies, I love you!! This was such a GREAT show that was super high energy, moving and fun to watch overall.  I LOVED all the actors and seeing them dance and sing to their popular songs.  I never watched the Disney movie version, but seeing it live was amazing!!  Definitely go see it :P
Sorry, I cannot give 6 STARS!!! I saw Newsies again; this time a friend bought me the ticket. We sat in the Mezzanine Level; and it was fantastic; I didn't think it could be as good as last year. It was one year ago; when I saw this show. The dancing again was awesome; the acting was awesome. But all I can say; is Corey Cott is a STAR - I said this last year but, it was reinforced tonight!!!
To sum it up in one word:  Wow! My husband & I took a trip to NYC for my Birthday in September 2013.  I am a big time Broadway lover, so we planned to buy seats in advance for a show for my BDay and then try our hand at TKTS once we got there for another show.  After much research and listening to the soundtracks, I decided on Newsies for my Birthday show and bought the full price tickets in advance in order to get the best seats.  Boy am I GLAD I did!!!   Beyond researching just the shows, I researched the best places to sit.  I couldn't be happier with our choice of seat - PPMEZZ Row DD Seats 2 & 4 (aisle seat for me).  These seats really made me feel involved with the show, and I was able to see and hear everything perfectly.  I was extremely happy with these seats.  I would recommend getting mezzanine seats to this show because the set is so high that you are pretty much level with the performers, and it makes you feel more involved in the show.   The show was breathtaking.  It had me on the edge of my seat the entire show.  I laughed, I cried (don't judge), I sang along in my head.  I fell in love with the characters.  I have seen the movie, but it was so long ago that I didn't remember too much about it.  The songs are extremely catchy and fun and I listen to them still.  The performers in this show were on point.  The actors transformed into their characters with all their hearts and didn't miss a beat the entire show.  The set was minimal, but very cool and fun.  It added to the ambiance and performance, and did not detract from it at all.  The dancing was incredible and very dynamic, exactly the high energy performance I expect when I see a Broadway show.  My husband, who is a Broadway lover by association - also absolutely loved this show.   One of my favorite things was the fact that the cast comes outside to sign autographs and take pictures right after the show.  It was such a treat to be able to tell them personally how much we LOVED their performances!  And, I got them to sign the souvenir bag I had bought and take photos with them.  Perfect way to spend my Birthday evening in NYC.   For reference, here are the Broadway shows I have seen and loved:  Newsies, In the Heights, Cats (3 times!), Mary Poppins, Hairspray, Rent (I know I'm forgetting something)... And shows I haven't liked:  Wicked, Pippin
I might be bias (I really loved the movie) but I thought it was a great show! With some minor changes by combining two characters, the play is still very much true to the movie. Unlike some other shows where the music had to change entirely, almost all of my favorite songs were there. The cast was energetic and there were several skilled dancers. It isn't a big, over the top show. Simple sets, basic costumes. If you've seen the movie you know exactly what you're in for. If you haven't seen the film, anticipate a feel good story with upbeat songs and a lot of dancing.
REWIND back to my middle school years. I want to say, US History circa 2002? Like all kids, watch-movie-in-class day was THE BEST. Thank you Mr. Milano for letting us watch a somewhat unknown Christian Bale dance around and stick it to the man by protesting through dance and song. What could be better? FAST-FORWARD to present day. I was thrilled to find out that Newsies was coming to Broadway. Since the film is dance and song heavy, I knew that it would transition well onto the stage. Disney productions always compose of the heroic underdog coming on top...with ups and downs, romance and (hopefully!) a happy ending.* The musical composition and numbers were fantastically done. They incorporated multiple styles of dance (jazz, tapp, contemporary) and surprisingly a lot of ballet! And I can't forget about the vocals, they were great as well. Not only did it stick to the classic story line, but dabbled in a bit of NYC history too. What's not to love about (might I add good-looking) guys flipping/leaping and belting their hearts out at the same time? Newsies is all age appropriate and the songs will be stuck in your head for days on out. I've seen my fair share of shows and I have to say Disney did a pretty good number on this one. (I had to.) Tip: If you stop by the theater on the day of, you should wait for the ticket lottery. If you take a number and wait, you'll get SUPER discounted tickets on the spot. Otherwise you may want to wait on the TKTS line in TImes Square (depending if they're on the list or not). *Let's face it. Disney knows how to make you cry, laugh and in the end provide audiences with a satisfied ending to the story.... But what's up with Walt's mom complex? Just putting it out there.
Great dancing. Great fun. Upbeat music that makes you tap your feet. Children of all ages will enjoy this!  Great set with flips, jumps and great tricks! I highly recommend going to see this.
I usually get my parents Broadway tickets for either Christmas or their bdays. This year I wasn't sure what to get them tickets to since we've already seen Wicked and the Lion King. Since it was Broadway week, I figured I could find a deal with one of the plays they were offering. I saw Newsies on the list and remember hearing from friends who had seen it that they enjoyed it. In addition, you can never listen to the radio without hearing an advertisement for it, so I ended up getting 4 tickets to Newsies. I really didnt' know what to expect because I never watched the movie nor did I know the background to the play, but just went in with no expectations. Newsies plays at the Nederlander Theatre. The theater was smaller than I expected it to be, but I thought this made for a better viewing experience for the audience. I got seats in the Front Mezzanine section (left) and we had a perfect view of the stage. Being that the theater wasn't huge, seats in the Rear Mezzanine probably wouldn't even be bad. The seats are very tight, but I feel like this is the case with the majority of the theaters in NY. I can never feel comfortable in these seats because it's a cramped space, in front with the legroom and I always feel like I'm gonna elbow the person next to me. Onto the actual show, I loved it! The acting was great. The sets were just OK. Again, the theater wasn't all that big and it was the same case with the stage. The songs were nice and the singing and dancing was awesome! I came in with no expectations and ended up really enjoying it. My parents and boyfriend also loved it. Absolutely better than I had expected it to be. It's a feel-good show that is entertaining and I'd definitely recommend it!
If you are in NYC this summer and looking to go see a show, head over to Newsies before it closes at the end of August.  I saw it for the first time in November 2012 and went back last night with a friend who was visiting from out of town.  We went to the theater in the morning and were able to get rush tickets in row K of the orchestra for the evening show. We were thoroughly entertained by the newsies' wonderful voices and unbelievably awesome dance skills!!
Really enjoyed the show and so glad that I caught it before it closes in August 2014. Was able to score rush tickets by arriving at 9am at the theater on a weekday. The seats had slightly obstructed views but the price and second row seats were amazing, nonetheless.
I went to this show without knowing much about the show or movie and wished we would have gone elsewhere.  I fell asleep during the show because I couldn't see half of the show sitting by the corner in the orchestra section.  The songs were also not too entertaining and can't remember a single tune.  The dancing is very good and choreographed well, but the plot is predictable.  I also didn't like that the cast dragged out the applauses and seem to just stand there after a big number to basically ask the crowd to keep clapping.   I say the show is more geared for kids and people who may have liked this movie.   In my opinion there are more entertaining shows for the money. The show to me could have used a better set.  The use of the stairs on the set got really old by like the fifth number.   Also I didn't understand how they are supposed to be kids but one of them is after a reporter.  Are they kids, teenagers, adults, all of the above?  The story and plot does not really explain.   I guess this show is for some but definitely not for all.  Just because it is on broadway does not always mean it is good.
So glad I caught this musical before it goes off of Broadway. It is high-energy, and filled with super talented dancers and actors. The story line is great throughout the play, but the dancing is definitely the highlight. Go see this show before it's over!!
Small theater so most seats are good.  It closes in August (and then goes on tour) but it's a great show.  Fun music, great dancing and every seat looked like a good view.  I got my tickets day of at TKTS for $82 and it was worth it.
Its been reviewed tons of time. We just loved it and everyone should see it. We saw Billy Elliott in London which we enjoyed, and there was better dancing here. So many young people were here too (we're middle aged).
One of the best family friendly Broadway musicals I have ever seen. The choreography was amazing and the story was cute. The play differed in some major aspects from the movie but instead if it being a distraction it was something that made it different. The actors were great and I highly recommend this musical to anyone who wants an enjoyable time in Broadway theater.
With no recollection of the 1992 Newsies movie having watched it in middle school band class, I was mildly disappointed that we chose to see this show for Broadway's 2-for-1 tickets week. Are you serious, it's Disney! Psh, I'm too old for that. (And that the smoldering Christian Bale wasn't in this.) Boy, was I wrong. The story was heart-warming. How could you not side with the rowdy orphan kids fighting the big bad guys? There was actually a surprising amount of New York City history incorporated. (Do you know which borough was formerly called Richmond?) The set design was absolutely stunning. They managed to explore the versatility of the 3x3 fire escape to create more scenes (e.g. Brooklyn Bridge, Jack's painting studio) and intersect it with digital media (e.g. the typewriter scene, printing the final newspaper, headlines). The music was by Alan Menken, so of course, it was great. This musical was incredibly dance-heavy. Hence, the vocals in the show seemed weaker than usual Broadway (not going to name any names) because they obviously needed cast members who could execute the quadruple pirouettes, back handsprings, and crazy acrobatic jumps. Especially in that dance number with the boys' feet on the newspapers, it is no wonder that Christopher Gattelli won a Tony for Best Choreography in this show. It was also super cool that this musical premiered at the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, NJ, in 2011, a local theater I frequented as a child, before coming to Broadway. Many of the cast members were a part of the original cast from the Playhouse so they're making their Broadway debuts with this show! Overall, I highly recommend this family-friendly Broadway show! You won't regret it! Plus, never underestimate Disney. Notes: - 23-year-old Corey Cott, former understudy of Jeremy Jordan, was fabulous as Jack Kelly. He has two singing voices - one weird nasally one and this other smooth, velvety I-can-melt-you-at-my-feet voice. Please use the latter through the entire show! - A mostly male cast! So much eye candy for the ladies! - Some friends sitting rear orchestra, right under the balcony, had limited views of the stage e.g. when the boys were singing on the very top of the fire escape. It's a cozy theater so it might not be a bad idea to sit higher!
Judging from the trend of previous reviews I'm definitely in the minority here - because I thought Newsies was just ok. The dancing was fun, but when I go to see a musical my personal taste is for it to be dramatic and grand with an engaging plot. My taste lean more toward shows like Wicked, Phantom, and Les Mis. Seeing Newsies felt to me like seeing Stomp with an 'ok' but relatively straightforward plot thrown in. I think whether or not one has a sentimental attachment to the 1992 movie makes a big difference. My companion saw the movie as a kid and loved the musical. I was minimally engaged and sometimes even bored and I have never seen the movie. The actors work very hard and are fantastic. But between the cramped theater, the mildly interesting plot and the relatively simplistic set I thought it was just an average show. I'm glad we got a discount to see it.
I wasn't super excited when my family said they wanted to see this show during their visit.  But I'm really glad now that the curtain has fallen. Solid show.  The best thing out there?  Not by a long shot.  But really fun, great cast, SUCH TALENTED dancers, and just leaves you with a good feeling in the core of your heart. I found some of the choreography to be repetitive...but it seems as if the choreographer did this purposefully to add more emphasis to the large, expertly executed group numbers.  The Tony won for best Choreo was definitely well-earned!  And MAD props for one of the best curtain calls I've witnessed in a VERY long time! I enjoyed all but one of the supporting lead performance, and really liked what this actress brought to the newly written role of Katherine.   Biggest props are to the cast for the way they handled a Jack Kelly switch out in the middle of Act I.  My family noticed that the original actor playing Jack Kelly seemed to be struggling vocally (it's that time of year).  He was doing an awesome job of adjusting...and we'll never know if he was injured backstage during a transition, or was just too ill to pump out that high tenor solos and duets.  But one minute he was on, and the next we had an understudy/stand-in.  Everyone in the cast did this transition so seamlessly (and the stand-in handled the role so well) that there were many audience members still asking at intermission, "Is that the same Jack Kelly who started the show???!!!" I definitely recommend the show....moreso at TKTS and other discount prices.  But it's just a fun night out for the family....and we NEWSIES groupies ;-)
I can honestly say that I was disappointed in Newsies for advertising as a Broadway show. In actuality it is an Off-Broadway show. The theater was quite small but still had a sense of elegance. The set for the musical was quite boring and diminutive as it only featured four metal contractions and nothing else. Other shows such as Mamma Mia, Wicked, and Cinderella had beautiful, glamorous, and last but not least fantastical color schemes and designs. The theater, although clean and elegant, does not live up to the Broadway's glamorous standards of being big and over the top. But that's not really of the Newsie's musical relevance. I walked in and sat down on the front row of Newsies and before it began, I was already unimpressed. That's when the magic happened. Newsies depict a group of newsie (children who sells newspapers) fighting for their rights when big corporate tyrants try to take advantage of them. The story was intense and the acting was phenomenal. Of all the shows I've seen on Broadway, none was as beautifully dramatic as Newsies, although Cinderella was a close second. The humor was appropriate, and the songs and dance were amazing. The enthusiasm and passion of the crew blew my mind and totally proved my initial impressions incorrect. When the drama happens, you can see the tears in the actors eyes and you can feel the sadness that their characters feel. The acting made the play so real I felt like I was there with them the whole time. Never have I been so impressed with a Broadway show that had me worried at first. Newsies was done so unbelievably well that it turned from an Off-Broadway show to a full blown Broadway show and I agree. Definitely come see this.
A glimpse of history learned while making it into a wonderful Broadway musical! I enjoyed the inspirational theme to this one and the cast was great!   Not only was the energy there on the stage, the audience was reciprocating by applauding and being loud for each closing scene! I highly recommend Newsies as one of the broadway musicals to watch!
I really enjoyed Newsies. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised. The music was catchy, the dance routines were amazing, and the story was pretty solid. I particularly liked that it was loosely based on fact, and it felt pretty special seeing the show that was set in the city we were watching it in! While it is not in my top 5 shows I saw in NYC, it is definitely a decent musical and I would see it again.
Awesome show! I entered the lottery rush for $30 tickets and I was so lucky to win. Our tickets were in the left orchestra section and were worth around 157$ ( we creeped on the family in the seats next to us). This wasn't my first Broadway show but it was definitely one of the best I've ever seen. ( I've seen The Lion King, Alice in Wonderland, Billy Elliot and Mary Poppins). The story line wasn't predictable and there was some history references. The costumes played a big role in making the show so realistic. The little boy who played Les was so cute and talented. I went with a friend who has never seen a Broadway show and she was impressed. We would totally recommend this show.
Any one's who not a right-wing Republican hell-bent on destroying the current status of unions in our country will enjoy this show. And you may like it even better if you never saw the movie.  This new adaptation of the story is far superior to that of the movie, but still lacks urgency in anything not related to the Newsies. The musical numbers where all the boys are on stage singing and dancing their hearts out are quite spectacular but when it's not the lot of them it's a snooze. If you're an Alan Menken fan, these may be some of his best tunes EVER.   I sat it in the front mezzanine and loved the seats!  The show's staged on many levels so you feel like you're right there the whole time.
If there are any other people out there who grew up in the '90's and was a fan of musicals of homeless kids then you LOVED Newsies like I did.  There were two movies that summed up my childhood...not because I grew up in a difficult way, but I guess I secretly wished I could identify because I loved the singing and dancing.   I spent a large portion of my childhood driving into the city with my family from the suburbs of Jersey going to see musicals.  When I was a kid though they did not really have as child-friendly shows as they do today.  My first Broadway musical experience when I was 7 was the show Tommy, based on the music of the Who...which initially scared me upon viewing, but I was hooked nonetheless.   So obviously 20 years later when Newsies came to Broadway I NEEDED to see it.  To true Broadway fashion, they changed the storyline a bit compared to the movie but the talent from Broadway performers brought me back to 1992 and my love for the movie and musicals!
Amazing show! The choreography was exceptional, the stage was well made, and the cast is extremely talented and fun to watch. The storyline just made you want to root for all the newsies!! All together, a very well put together show! Loved every minute of it! The theater was small enough you can see if you sit anywhere, but would recommend sitting in the mezzanine as opposed to all the way in the back of the orchestra. The mezzanine hangs over the back orchestra so sometimes you can't see when the cast climbs on top of the structures (although most of what you can't see isn't really important anyway).
Love Love Love- must go and see Luca Padavon (les) he is too cute.  This show has everything and then some. MUST GO AND SEE!!!!!!
This musical was designed for the Millenial Generation!  The story of Jack Kelley winning the beautiful daughter of Mr. Pullitzer is something that only happens in a Disney movie.  The choreography, and set coordinations are indeed remarkable.  THe music is fun, and inspiring.  It needs a true hit for a theme song which it clearly lacks.  Otherwise, this high energy Broadway Musical is inspiring and truly rocks the Great White Way!  Broadway needs more of these shows.  Newsies rule!
I can summarize this very quickly:  if you are truly a fan of the original film, DON'T GO SEE NEWSIES ON BROADWAY. I am an unabashed Newsies fan.  I saw it 3 times in the theaters when it first came out and bought it on VHS, then again on DVD.  I  can recite, sing, and dance my way through the whole movie (which is sometimes a drunken "party trick" of mine).  I thought that this stage adaptation was foolproof.  All they needed to do was stage it.  The movie was already as close to perfect as you can get.  Great storyline, lovable & relatively complex characters, great music and lyrics, just great.  It already has an established (and devoted) fan base.  Stick it on the stage and boom, insta-hit! Well, that's not what they did.  They overhauled the whole thing.  In so doing, they flattened the characters and the story, added a bunch of unnecessary fluff, and totally ballet-ified the dancing.  (That's not to say the dancing wasn't athletic and impressive, but one thing I loved about the choreography in the movie is how it was very aggressive and masculine.  It suited the story and the characters.  In this production, the choreography, while impressive, was VERY ballet heavy-  SO many tour jetés and arabesques and fouettés!  I'm sorry, it just looked downright girlie.)  The ending in the movie makes me cry every time.  This time, it was barely a climax.  The strike was so underdeveloped and the characters so un-relatable that I honestly didn't care one bit when their "efforts" paid off. Then there was the cast.  They were okay at best.  I saw the production when it was starring Jeremy Jordan- he was wooden and even missed a few major notes.  Holding a nice long belt on a flat note?  Not worth the $100+ price tag.  I know this film adaptation is still a huge hit.  But for me personally, it was a huge (and expensive) disappointment.
Newsies on Broadway has been a dream of mine since I saw the movie when I was six years old. The fact that it came true is just that - a dream come true. At first I was very skeptical of it, they changed the songs significantly and there was much more choreography. They also replaced, cut, and added characters. I was nervous. However from the first time listening to the soundtrack, and then finally seeing the show on stage, I was mesmerized. Those boys ( and girl ) really know how to capture an audience. The songs are catchy, the choreography is beautifully executed, and the story is as amazing as usual. The things they added completely add to the plot and make it better than ever. Newsies is good for the whole family, and you'll end up leaving feeling empowered while dancing. Do it, you have to. There's a reason some people have been waiting years for this - you'll know why when you see it.
Newsies is an incredible show and definitely a must see! I am a huge fan of Broadway and theater and have seen a number of shows, with Newsies being one of my favorites I was absolutely blown away by the cast. Every single member is an amazing talent. I was expecting great choreography, since the show had won the Tony for best choreography, but the music, story, and acting were just as remarkable. The dancing is just, wow. The choreography is innovative, and combine that with an amazingly talented cast, and you certainly are in for a treat. The storyline is also great and well-presented. They shed light on an important and still relative issue, while remaining lighthearted.   Definitely see Newsies! You will not be disappointed! I usually rely on TKTS for show tickets and have always had a great experience there.
Newsies was very entertaining and the best part of the show is definitely the choreography.  The dancing is excellent while the singing is just average.  The story line is pretty good too.
Stop the presses!!!! Please please please go see Newsies. And hurry, since it's only at the Nederlander until August.   So I've been a Newsies fan since 1992 when the movie came out.  My first crush on Christian Bale and the other newsboys.  The cult following that the movie created over the years is crazy.  Random people that I would never think to be fans are diehard fansies.   Well all our hopes and dreams that this would finally be brought to Broadway have come true.  I saw the play twice at Papermill and was giddy over how well they adapted this for the stage.   I was even more blown away when I got to see it on Broadway.  The actors are all crazy talented and amazing.  You can tell that they genuinely love being up on that stage and they feed off the energetic audience.  I've never seen an audience this into a play before.  They would burst into cheers at just the hint of a song starting or when Spot Conlon took the stage.  The dancing and group numbers are energetic and suck the audience in.  Just try not to get into the music during King of New York!   Jeremy Jordan has a serious set of pipes and is it bad to say that I'm totally glad that Bonnie & Clyde bombed, just so that he can re-take the role of Jack Kelly?  His rendition of Santa Fe right before the intermission sent chills through everyone.   They did slightly change the storyline a bit and a few characters but I think it works well on stage.  So don't get pissy if you're expecting the play to be word for word like the movie.
I loved this musical! It was quite a production. The choreography was wonderful and the actors were all amazing. I'd highly recommend! Check out the lottery tickets for discounted tickets.
Newsies - inspiring, uplifting, and energizing. A truly wonderful show among many in NYC. Let's start where this show truly soars - the dancing and choreography. A high-energy cast gives you lots to gawk over on stage. In general, everyone is quite good, and there are definitely standouts such as Ryan Steele. You won't even have to look him up in the playbill. You will immediately know who I'm talking about if you see him on stage. A definite joy to watch. There is so much going on on stage that I sometimes didn't know who to watch! I love the music and the storyline. I don't think it's a spoiler to let you know that this is based off of the 1899 newsboys strike in NYC. You may be pro- or anti-union and still love this show. A previous reviewer notes that the plot has a "thinly veiled liberal bias." I don't know exactly what that means, but I suppose if you dislike David v. Goliath, inspiration, ice cream, or bunnies, this won't be your cup of tea. Three thumbs up.
One of the best family friendly Broadway musicals I have ever seen. The choreography was amazing and the story was cute. The play differed in some major aspects from the movie but instead if it being a distraction it was something that made it different. The actors were great and I highly recommend this musical to anyone who wants an enjoyable time in Broadway theater.
Judging from the trend of previous reviews I'm definitely in the minority here - because I thought Newsies was just ok. The dancing was fun, but when I go to see a musical my personal taste is for it to be dramatic and grand with an engaging plot. My taste lean more toward shows like Wicked, Phantom, and Les Mis. Seeing Newsies felt to me like seeing Stomp with an 'ok' but relatively straightforward plot thrown in. I think whether or not one has a sentimental attachment to the 1992 movie makes a big difference. My companion saw the movie as a kid and loved the musical. I was minimally engaged and sometimes even bored and I have never seen the movie. The actors work very hard and are fantastic. But between the cramped theater, the mildly interesting plot and the relatively simplistic set I thought it was just an average show. I'm glad we got a discount to see it.
My sister and I saw Newsies at the Nederlander Theatre this past Saturday (April 28) for the matinee show. We are big fans of the 1992 movie and knew we had to see this show on Broadway when we heard it announced. Sure I could be nitpicky and point out character changes, great lines from the movie that weren't in the show, and things like that, but it's not worth it because none of that takes away from how engaging and fun this show is. They did leave out a few songs from the movie, but the ones they did were not good to start with so it was definitely for the best. Jeremy Jordan rocks as Jack Kelly and it's great to see that he was rewarded with a Tony nomination. For me the best part of the show was the dancing - it was fantastic! I especially liked all of the dancing they did standing on the newspapers which took real skill. The dancing alone makes the show worth going to see. The stage is not big, so they really took advantage of using a three story scaffold which was great staging. I highly recommend any fan of the movie go see this show. You will not be disappointed!
Absolutely STELLAR! I can't believe how amazing this show was - I've never seen anything like it! The dancing and acrobatics were fantastic, I can't believe how much skill they had packed onto one stage! The songs were great, the sets were dynamic and creative, and the acting, singing, and dancing was absolutely Broadway level. We had seats in the balcony facing the right side of the stage, and they were decent seats...the theater was cramped though, so quarters were tight, but it was a small inconvenience for such an awesome experience! Would see again and again if I were back in New York!
I can honestly say that I was disappointed in Newsies for advertising as a Broadway show. In actuality it is an Off-Broadway show. The theater was quite small but still had a sense of elegance. The set for the musical was quite boring and diminutive as it only featured four metal contractions and nothing else. Other shows such as Mamma Mia, Wicked, and Cinderella had beautiful, glamorous, and last but not least fantastical color schemes and designs. The theater, although clean and elegant, does not live up to the Broadway's glamorous standards of being big and over the top. But that's not really of the Newsie's musical relevance. I walked in and sat down on the front row of Newsies and before it began, I was already unimpressed. That's when the magic happened. Newsies depict a group of newsie (children who sells newspapers) fighting for their rights when big corporate tyrants try to take advantage of them. The story was intense and the acting was phenomenal. Of all the shows I've seen on Broadway, none was as beautifully dramatic as Newsies, although Cinderella was a close second. The humor was appropriate, and the songs and dance were amazing. The enthusiasm and passion of the crew blew my mind and totally proved my initial impressions incorrect. When the drama happens, you can see the tears in the actors eyes and you can feel the sadness that their characters feel. The acting made the play so real I felt like I was there with them the whole time. Never have I been so impressed with a Broadway show that had me worried at first. Newsies was done so unbelievably well that it turned from an Off-Broadway show to a full blown Broadway show and I agree. Definitely come see this.
I want to be a Newsie*! *if I get to dance and sing and have fun in the Newsies musical.  This review probably would have been 5 stars...the show is fun, energetic, and totally dancelicious!  All the dancing in the show is AMAZING...this is definitely the star of the show, along with the wonderful music.  The updated Alan Menken songs work beautIfully in the revised plot.  The big dance numbers seem impossibly big for the large cast and small stage, but it definitely makes it more exciting.  The addition of several dancers from the So You Think You Can Dance alumni pool (Alex, Evan, Thayne, Jess), along with so many accomplished dancers and singers too numerous to mention, add to the cache of dancers...each get their moments in the show to showcase their talents (notably Ryan Steele and Kyle Kaufman, the face of the Newsies poster).. The industrial set is like scaffolding and is all moveable, and made me a bit nervous as it was all moving around while everyone is climbing all over.  The only reason why I docked half a star was that I happened to go to a show where Jeremy Jordan was out for the night...the understudy did a great job filling in but struggled a bit on the sweeping solos and grand notes.  I was also distracted a bit by the extraneous spitting of the actor who plays Davey, who seemed to drench his little brother with every phrase and song verse.  That's nitpicking though...I loved the Newsies movie from the 90s and am even more of a fan of this stage musical.  I had a grand old time seeing this show, one of the best shows I've seen in a long while.
I saw this movie when I was a kid and yesterday, I brought my 6-year old to see this. Fortunately, the theater had booster seats and my son needed two of them in order to see well. We were sitting in left orchestra, which turned out to be pretty decent seats. The only thing I didn't like about the theater was how little room there was between rows. I was a bit cramped, especially since we had packages with us that wouldn't fit well under the seat. The show itself was great with lots of high-energy music and dancing, which kept my son entertained. He enjoyed seeing the sets move around the stage and would even dance a little in his seat. It's a 2.5 hour production with at least a 20-minute intermission--it might have even been closer to 30 minutes. I just recall it being an unusually long intermission.
Fantastic show for all ages! Parents up from Florida and wanted to see a broadway play as they do annually.  Mom's choice:  Newsies.  Although I wasn't particularly excited at first due to the long list of popular musicals & plays that I wanted to see, had to remind myself that I can see those anytime and what mommy wants, mommy gets.  So Newsies it was and now I am SO glad!!  I really enjoyed the show!!   Acting, singing, dancing- all phenomenal!  Great moving set made the whole story come alive!  The theatre had a great layout and comfortable seats with the perfect view from our discounted Row FF Mezzanine seats to the far right of the row thanks to Plum Benefits!  To be honest, I was skeptical about the seats when I bought them, but I don't think there's a bad seat in the house. My only annoyance was the teenage girl with her cell phone stashed underneath her playbill, checking it literally every 4 minutes.  Ugh- neither her guardian nor the ushers saw that bright light as much as I did!   Anyhow, I think it's a super fun play for everyone from older kids to older parents as well as everyone in between!  "Seize the day" and go check it out!
Any one's who not a right-wing Republican hell-bent on destroying the current status of unions in our country will enjoy this show. And you may like it even better if you never saw the movie.  This new adaptation of the story is far superior to that of the movie, but still lacks urgency in anything not related to the Newsies. The musical numbers where all the boys are on stage singing and dancing their hearts out are quite spectacular but when it's not the lot of them it's a snooze. If you're an Alan Menken fan, these may be some of his best tunes EVER.   I sat it in the front mezzanine and loved the seats!  The show's staged on many levels so you feel like you're right there the whole time.
Awesome show! I entered the lottery rush for $30 tickets and I was so lucky to win. Our tickets were in the left orchestra section and were worth around 157$ ( we creeped on the family in the seats next to us). This wasn't my first Broadway show but it was definitely one of the best I've ever seen. ( I've seen The Lion King, Alice in Wonderland, Billy Elliot and Mary Poppins). The story line wasn't predictable and there was some history references. The costumes played a big role in making the show so realistic. The little boy who played Les was so cute and talented. I went with a friend who has never seen a Broadway show and she was impressed. We would totally recommend this show.
Amazing show! The choreography was exceptional, the stage was well made, and the cast is extremely talented and fun to watch. The storyline just made you want to root for all the newsies!! All together, a very well put together show! Loved every minute of it! The theater was small enough you can see if you sit anywhere, but would recommend sitting in the mezzanine as opposed to all the way in the back of the orchestra. The mezzanine hangs over the back orchestra so sometimes you can't see when the cast climbs on top of the structures (although most of what you can't see isn't really important anyway).
And the world will know- bah dah bum- that I sell newspapers!!! This show was so good!  The cast is made up all almost 20 cute boys who can sing and dance like there's no tomorrow!!!  I was curious the whole time who they can dance so much without sweating through there shirts!  I was able to purchase tickets in advance on Ticketmaster for $90 for Orchestra Section O seats.   I thought this was a fair price and didn't want to risk not being able to score tickets on TKTS since our time in New York was so limited.  The theater itself small and there is NO legroom in the aisle.  Our seats were not as great as I thought since the top floor blocked some of our view and the stage was very high so there were a few scenes where we couldn't see the performers on top.  I think getting front rows on the upper level may be better than the back rows in the orchestra for this theater.  However, the show itself was phenomenal!  So many great songs and such high energy performances.  This show is great for kids and adults.
Love Love Love- must go and see Luca Padavon (les) he is too cute.  This show has everything and then some. MUST GO AND SEE!!!!!!
I can summarize this very quickly:  if you are truly a fan of the original film, DON'T GO SEE NEWSIES ON BROADWAY. I am an unabashed Newsies fan.  I saw it 3 times in the theaters when it first came out and bought it on VHS, then again on DVD.  I  can recite, sing, and dance my way through the whole movie (which is sometimes a drunken "party trick" of mine).  I thought that this stage adaptation was foolproof.  All they needed to do was stage it.  The movie was already as close to perfect as you can get.  Great storyline, lovable & relatively complex characters, great music and lyrics, just great.  It already has an established (and devoted) fan base.  Stick it on the stage and boom, insta-hit! Well, that's not what they did.  They overhauled the whole thing.  In so doing, they flattened the characters and the story, added a bunch of unnecessary fluff, and totally ballet-ified the dancing.  (That's not to say the dancing wasn't athletic and impressive, but one thing I loved about the choreography in the movie is how it was very aggressive and masculine.  It suited the story and the characters.  In this production, the choreography, while impressive, was VERY ballet heavy-  SO many tour jetés and arabesques and fouettés!  I'm sorry, it just looked downright girlie.)  The ending in the movie makes me cry every time.  This time, it was barely a climax.  The strike was so underdeveloped and the characters so un-relatable that I honestly didn't care one bit when their "efforts" paid off. Then there was the cast.  They were okay at best.  I saw the production when it was starring Jeremy Jordan- he was wooden and even missed a few major notes.  Holding a nice long belt on a flat note?  Not worth the $100+ price tag.  I know this film adaptation is still a huge hit.  But for me personally, it was a huge (and expensive) disappointment.
Newsies on Broadway has been a dream of mine since I saw the movie when I was six years old. The fact that it came true is just that - a dream come true. At first I was very skeptical of it, they changed the songs significantly and there was much more choreography. They also replaced, cut, and added characters. I was nervous. However from the first time listening to the soundtrack, and then finally seeing the show on stage, I was mesmerized. Those boys ( and girl ) really know how to capture an audience. The songs are catchy, the choreography is beautifully executed, and the story is as amazing as usual. The things they added completely add to the plot and make it better than ever. Newsies is good for the whole family, and you'll end up leaving feeling empowered while dancing. Do it, you have to. There's a reason some people have been waiting years for this - you'll know why when you see it.
i loved Newsies! it was fun, i understand the story and every song they sang (haha), it was filled with cute guys and dancing, i really enjoyed this show! it's great, definitely go see it if you haven't!
My first broadway show! It's at the fabulous nederlander theater. Quite small and intimate! I sat 4th row and was just amazed!!! Bravo!!!!
Newsies Haiku: Waited 20 years Dancing boys and singing girls Disney did it right //end bad poetry TKTS offered us 50% off regular price tickets (Monday evening show, went to the office at 11AM in DT Brooklyn, not Times Square). Paid $80/ ORCH Center, Row H, Seat 105 (basically front and center, dreamy seats). I won't mention that I cried (wait, whaat? did I say that?), but the show was on POINT with the acting, the lyrics, the singing, the dancing, the orchestra. Speaks to all generations, different from the movie (not a bad thing), and is inspiring. The cast was so friendly afterwards as they all met us at the stage door to sign playbills and take photographs with the Fansies! I've waited since 1992 for this to hit the stage, and the wait was well worth it. This is my favorite musical (sorry Memphis, In the Heights, Book of Mormon, RENT...). If you've ever been a kid, if you've ever liked The Sandlot, The Goonies, The Mighty Ducks II, this is Disney's version of that same underdog, feel-good show. It will not disappoint!
Great show!  We went to see five Broadway productions and Newsies was the last on the list.  I won't mention the others we saw but one was based on a religion in Utah and the other had Dorothy mentioned.  In any case, Newsies was the best! First of all, and I'm a bit of a prude, Newsies was a totally family show.  No obscenity and cryptic messages.  Corey Cott was the main actor and he soared!  All the other cast members were outstanding.  One of the best shows we've seen in years. After the show, we stood outside to get a glimpse of the actors and there were tons of people waiting.  Every cast member signed or posed for us and personally, after the incredible amount of energy they conducted in that show, I'm amazed they took the time to do that.  Highly recommend it for family and friends!!
AMAZING!!! I loved it! Wife and kids loved it! I enjoyed it and I'm not really a fan of Musicals. The cast was terrific!
if I could describe Newsies in 3 words: Amazing, extravagant, breath-taking we went to The lion king in April 2013, and it was fantastic and then We came to NYC again in August of 2013 and saw Newsies and nothing compared to it! it was incredible! it has something for everyone in the family, comedy, romance, drama, suspense, action, song, dance, entertainment, interaction, and so much more. we came again in November and saw it again, and when we came in April of 2014 we saw it again! it is so amazing and I love it so much!
such an awesome and fun musical! if you're visiting NYC anytime soon, highly recommend seeing Newsies! i was thoroughly entertained for the entire 2.5 hours. this is a high energy show with an awesome cast that can sing AND dance. the Nederlander Theatre is small enough where i think every seat in the house is a good one. they do sell snacks and drinks. the alcohol concoctions are a bit pricey at $16 each but you do get to keep the souvenir cup. tips: definitely try for the lottery that happens before each performance. Drawings start 2 hours before showtime and if your name is drawn you win $30 tickets. Vanessa N. was lucky enough to win a set of tickets that were 6th row orchestra - a bit to stage left but for a ticket that normally costs $100+, you cant really complain too much. also, if you dont end up winning the lottery, the box office does offer discounted tix. our friend was able to snag a box seat ticket for $50 that was just right above our seats in orchestra.
Let me first admit, Newsies is one of my favorite Disney movies of all time. The Broadway show was equally fabulous. The songs were just as good if not better than the movie. They did change some of it around slightly and added in a few songs. I loved the staging. The show was easy to follow and understand. As others said the dancing was wonderful. Do yourself a favor and see this show! Quick tip: you can often get mildly discounted tickets day of at TKTS.
I got one word for this show: EXPLOSIVE. I had no idea what to expect but my wife and I left completely in awe. What. a. great. show! The performers did such an amazing job that the whole audience felt their energy and excitement. The place was electrifying I tell you! People screaming and yelling and clapping like it was the Beatles or something. As usual when the end was near I felt so sad because like all the shows I've been to, I never wanted it to end......
I was/am obsessed with the 1992 film Newsies.  My cousin would choreograph tap routines to "King of New York" for me to perform for our family.  Our family would resort to hiding the VHS from us so that we would only be able to watch the movie 2 times a day instead of 3 times a day.  We swore allegiance to one Newsie and memorized all of his dialogue (I, myself, was a Racetrack fan, then a Spot Conlon fan, then a Jack Kelly fan - in descending order).  When I found out they had turned Newsies into a musical, I felt like the Broadway gods had answered my prayers.  I checked tkts daily for 2 weeks before my NYC trip to see if they were selling discounted tickets.  When I found out that Newsies was too popular for tkts tickets, I was determined to watch the show even if I had to pay full price.  Luckily, I scored some lottery/rush tickets (see Kristin C's review).  Another plus, some of the cast members are there doing the rush for you!!! As you stand outside the theater and near the ticket booth, you're bound to see the actors coming in and out. Before the trip, I listened to the Broadway soundtrack and was devastated.  What's with all of the music change? I braced myself for dialogue changes (this coming from someone who could recite the whole movie to you) and was completely unprepared with some of the story changes.  I have to give credit where it's due: the singing, the staging, the acting, and THE DANCING. spec.tac.u.lar. Yeah, it's weird to let Pullitzer sing, and oof, the character changes were quite jarring, and Spot Conlon was talked about during the play more than he was featured... But you know what? I'm going to stop nitpicking.  The musical still deserves 5 stars because I loved the musical for the same reason as to why I loved the movie: cute boys dancing and singing.  The 9 year old me and the (nearly) 29 year old me; still a sucker for cute boys singing and dancing.
I can't believe it is leaving Broadway.  I have seen it 2 years in a row.  It is amazing. The dancing/singing/acting....... all of them are stellar.  It is just a GREAT show. The energy is amazing.  You leave with such a smile on your face and song in your heart. It is a must see and they should rethink closing it on Broadway.  It is fabulous!  Corey Cott is simply amazing and I would go and see him in anything!
I saw Newsies at the Paper Mill Playhouse...it was an outstanding show!  The "King of New York" tap dancing number put a huge smile on my face.  All the dancing was A+.  So happy I saw the show and now I'll have to see it again on Broadway.
We went here for Broadway Week which is 2 for 1. Great deal and a great time. The singing was good and the tap dancing was even better. I am not a fan of the tiny seats, but that would be a rating for the Nederlander Theater and not the musical. What was also great was the set. How they moved that around to make different scenes was fantastic. Good for the whole family.
Not your old school Newsies.  If you've seen the movie with Christian Bale, the Broadway version is something totally different.  The songs have morphed so that they are barely recognizable, scenes and characters have been chopped and added, and new songs have been added.  By far the worst addition is Katherine, who plays a substantial role as the love interest for principal character Jack Kelly.  The actress playing Katherine recited her lines and played the role like a bubbly Mousketeer.  I thought that maybe this production was supposed to be geared toward kids, but there was so much swearing and a few violent scenes, so I can't imagine that it was geared toward families. We saw a performance with stand-in Corey Cott in the role of Jack Kelley.  He had a pretty good voice and sufficient charisma to pull off the character, so thumbs up for Corey. The choreography was disappointing...I believe the dancers were probably all very talented, but the choreography didn't really give them much to work with.  And the dancer that performed the featured trick where the Newsie spins like an ice skater on the newspaper fell out of the spin. If you feel the need to see the Newsies, it would be better to rent the movie, which has better dancing and songs (and Christian Bale) and save the $$$ for an overpriced and often boring Broadway spectacle.
Great theater with views from all seats.  We sat in the balcony row FF.  No problem seeing over seats in front of us.  Don't expect easy restroom trip at intermission.  Nederlander theatre works.
This was my first Broadway play in NYC and it did not disappoint! We purchased orchestra tickets for $90 a piece from TKTS (at 40% off the original price). The seats were totally worth the splurge.  The singing, dancing, acting, and set design were all amazing. I would definitely see this play again.
My friends and I saw this show on a whim and were NOT disappointed! The theater itself is a little cramped, so there is zero legroom for stretching.  BUT the nice thing is the mezzanine has a GREAT view for this show.  The seating is at such a slant you have a clear view of everything going on and you even forget you're in the 'cheaper' seats.  I'm glad I wasn't sitting in the orchestra for this one! The cast is really really talented, but the ensemble totally blew me away.  This is a show that won a Tony for best choreography and its no wonder why.  The dancing is out of this world amazing, just non-stop flips, spins and twirls.  What a talented, amazing group of dancers and actors.  I was in complete awe of how incredible they all were. Corey Cott did a great job as Jack Kelly.  You won't be disappointed if you see him!  A different kind of great than the Book of Mormon (which we saw the next night), but still incredibly satisfying and inspiring.  Would recommend to anybody looking for a good family friendly show.  I have a feeling it'd be the PERFECT choice for anyone with a pre-teen boy or girl.  They would LOVE it!
For a Disney performance I expected something like the Lion King, super production. Well, I can say that the tapping performances, dances and chantings were good. Not WOW. To be honest, I almost slept during the presentation. The plot was too predictable.
What a fun show.  Some of the new songs to the score are great.  I had 7th row tickets which were fine that we got through TKTS.  Though, I think this show would be best viewed from the front of the mezzanine as some of the scenes were on the top level of the set. The show features some very athletic dancing, video projections and an improved book from the original Disney film.
Newsies has been, and always will be, my favorite movie of all time. I was a Newsie every Halloween as a child, and know the movie like the back of my hand. I traveled to New York City specifically to see the Broadway rendition of it, and I was surprised. The original storyline was not followed, the characters were changed (some pretty drastically), songs were added, the songs that they kept were changed lyrically, and it was generally a very different adaptation than what I had expected. However - it was good. The actors were very talented, the stage props were fantastic, and it was breathtaking. I'm so happy that I went to see it! Just know that if you're a huge fan of the film, it is different. But it's still totally worth it.
The music was ok, but otherwise predictable plot with thinly veiled liberal bias that the show tries to sell.  This bias jumps out in other reviews "This play makes you want to take a stand or find out where the Occupy Wall Street people have been hiding out these days - seriously!" It just seems like when you pay a lot of money to go see a show you don't need them to pitching you hard with their personal views. But if you did Occupy, you might love the show.
DO YOURSELF A SOLID AND SEE THIS SHOW! For once, I'm totally at a loss for words of what to say. The storyline, singing, dancing --- everything --- was just too good. I'm not one to appreciate shows, and certainly NOT musicals, but I had a huge, stupid, goofy grin on my face during the entire show, and couldn't stop smiling during intermission. I mean, I guess I shouldn't be too surprised, right? Only bliss can be the end result when Disney and Broadway collide.
The dancing is AMAZING! The second act was better than the first. Not the best broadway show I have ever seen, but it was good and worth it for the dancing.
I'll be honest... I'd never even heard of Newsies prior to seeing the musical.  I didn't even know there had been a movie.  The show was good and had a good storyline.  The actors did a great job.  We just couldn't understand why the audience would go into a crazy screaming frenzy... a large portion of which were tween girls.  I mean the show was good, but I wouldn't say it was screaming spectacular.  We think it had something to do with the lead actor.  Meh.
Great show! I went in not knowing the story or music but had a wonderful time. A very high energy show, great dancing and acting. Entire cast was great. My 10 year old daughter loved it. Go see it!
Great show!!!  Amazing energy.  Wonderful acting, dancing and singing. This is show is what makes Braodway special!!!
2 words: Alex Wong. Yay! My friends and I were really rooting for Alex on So You Think You Can Dance and I was super surprised to see him show up in the program for Newsies! Gotta give him props - there aren't alot of male Asian ballet dancers out there (but there should be!). But anyways, lifelong Newsies lover and can sing everything word by heart - which threw me for a loop when they changed everything up in this musical! Some elements I did have to get used to, like the new love interest. I liked that they interwove her more into the story rather than the Sarah, the original love interest who seemed more like piece of furniture than a character. Tons of emotion, great voices and excellent dancing (Alex Wong wahoo!). Both the fleshed out plot and Jeremy Jordan's acting/singing brought much more character dimension to Jack Kelly than in the movie (as much as I heart Christian Bale). It felt much more complete this time around. Would highly recommend to any Newsies fan or musical lover! P.S. I paid full price at over $150 a ticket and I still think it's worth it :)
SO GOOD!  Newsies was my sister's favorite movie 15 years ago when she was in grade school so she was excite to see this.  She LOVED it!  (So did I!) Also, my boys, 6 and 9 enjoyed it.   I was worried about the kids making it through an entire show, but they were fully entertained the whole time.   Worth the ticket price!
Great Play. The seats sucked, seems like a very old theater, very cramped but the view was really good. It's really hard to get a drink so i just stayed away from the bar. I really enjoyed the show. The tap dancing was amazing.
I felt like a child in Disney world. They were amazing. The dancing and singing was fantastic. I want to see it again! :-)
Our 10 and 17 year old girls and 13 year old boy all loved the show as did their parents.   It was high energy and fun with great songs and lots of big dance numbers.  We purchased our tickets at the TKTS booth in Brooklyn on Tuesday for the Wednesday matinee and sat in Row G in the Orchestra section - great seats at 40% off!  About 15 minutes after the show ends, some of the performers come outside the theater to sign autographs and pose for pictures which was fun for the kids.  We have seen many musicals on Broadway and elsewhere and this is one of the better ones.  Highly recommended for all ages!
Took my 5 year old daughter. And she loved it. Good for me too.
I made the mistake of seeing Wicked a few years ago and then Kinky Boots two days earlier and those are just so much better than this. Don't get me wrong, it was good (especially the dancing) but if I am going to drop money on a Broadway show, it wouldn't be this one. You just don't relate to the characters.
Newsies was great. I saw it with Jeremy Jordan and he was amazing. The music, dancing, and sets were amazing. Everything about this show was amazing.
NEWSIES IS JUST PLAIN AWESOME... There's no other way to say it.  I've seen this show a few times and each time, it delivers!!    My only criticism is that the actor that plays "Jack" currently seems to just step through his lines... still an amazing show... and I absolutely recommend it!!
any way you slice it (next to the US Open) the best show in town. rippin fun start to da end.
A solid Broadway show.  I got tickets about a week before for $100 for House Left Orchestra 2 seats from the aisle.  The great thing about the staging and set is that there are excellent site lines from even House Right and House Left and you miss none of the action as most of the dancing is all done far Down Stage.
I've seen several plays on Broadway and really liked Newsies. The synchronized dancing as well as the actors voices make the play. The one downside is the theater is small---literally your knees will be squished into the seat in front of you. Really thought it was magical overall though and would highly recommend!
If you rate this show anything other than 5 stars then you're crazy.  If you love the movie (even if you don't), you will surely love the musical.  It follows the original story pretty closely only changing a few songs and characters.  The set pieces are amazing the way most of it takes place on this crazy scaffolding.  The choreography is flawless.  It gives me chills just thinking about it.
First introduction to Newsies was in elementary school when learning about child labor laws in history lessons. Loved it instantly! Saw Newsies on Broadway tonight and it was the most amazing rendition. I went with my mom who stated that this is one of the most incredible shows she has ever seen on Broadway and would see it again and again. I smiled the entire time! I sang along! I have never clapped more or harder than with this musical! Although die hard fans of the movie may think "they changed the lyrics" "that's now how it is..." etc. It works in ways you could never imagine! It's ....incredible! AMAZING! Could go see this over & over again! so much talent! just amazing! Anytime I am asked what I've done in NYC and I respond with saw Newsies they often respond with a HUGE grin and "you saw it?! what did you think!?" They are either so excited to talk about its amazing-ness or want to see it so badly they just have to hear about its amazing-ness.
I'm a geek for the movie so when they brought the Newsies back to Broadway I knew I had to get tickets. I set was fantastic, the cast were amazingly talented and I personally love the intimacy that Nederlander Theater exudes! Definitely a favorite!
All the positive reviews are correct sir. This play is an exhilarating power punch right in the sternum. The musical numbers are high energy with lots of fast paced dancing and spinning. Great play for any boy 8 yrs and up. Great play for a tomboy or street wise little girl too. My Sienna is 8 and she was rivited. Lost interest a few times when there were long quiet stretches but those were few and far between. I've especially got to hand it to the orchestra. We sat right in the front row and the sound coming from the pit was spot on. Overall one of my favorite plays, at least in the top 5. Go to see this.  Hot tip...the balcony hangs over around the 8th row so if you can get front row tix in the balcony those would be the best in this great theater. We sat in front row of orchestra and it seemed that the actors were playing to the balcony always looking up.
Fantastic show!  The singing and choreography were wonderful! So much talent on that stage!
I was one of the original fans of newsies the movie, so I was disappointed when the musical changed the plot, songs and characters. The group dancing and singing was superb but the person playing this new character Katherine was horrendous-(Kara Lindsay) nails on chalkboard. The show we saw had a jack Kelley sub half way through the 1st act-thank goodness for that. Adam Kaplan was the under study and was great. I look forward to seeing him again. It was hard to see the changes when you wanted the original, but the chorus was great I just had trouble getting over Lindsay's performance and the poor choices in plot changes.
I'm not sure I like the changes they made to the story but the choreography alone is worth the trip.
Stop whatever you are doing this very moment and go get your ass to nyc and SEE THIS SHOW!!!! In one weekend I saw book of mormon, once, and this show. Although the other shows were incredible! This was by far my favorite! I had never seen the movie, and didn't know what to expect other than seeing the tony performance. I had won tickets through lotto. Even though my seats were shitty, it did not matter because no matter which seat I was in, the show was still incredible! The dancing is phenomenon. THEY DANCE ON NEWS PAPERS!!!! (without falling or slipping once!)  I even did standing room this week, just so I could experience the disney magic once more!
Highly recommended!! Such a great afternoon on Broadway. Yeah, you're seeing a Disney show so you know a lot of children will be there. However this show had it all! Great singing, phenomenal dancing, greats sets and costumes. The lead, Jack, was an understudy (Adam Kaplan) and he did an amazing job with the character. I'm telling all my friends to see it and I would definitely see it again!
Great show. Very entertaining.
If there were 10 stars, this show would get it!  High energy, high talent, big production numbers, super-talented cast and a crowd that is really into the show.  This is what Broadway shows are supposed to be - that one of a kind experience that has people clapping like kids, smiling like fools, and standing on there feet cheering when it is all over.  Yes, there is a social message, but it is wrapped in a way so as to make you think about a serious topic and thoroughly enjoy yourself at the same time.  Lots of shows are labeled "must see", but for us the label really fits this show.  And, it is completely suitable for the whole family.  If you're a curmudgeon who doesn't like to smile and have a great time, stay away from this show.  Everyone else, go and have a blast!
I am a fan of the movie and now am a fan of the Broadway version. This cast does it all very well. From the dancing to the singing to the acting, this show shines. The music and dance numbers are rousing. If you go to the theater to have a good time, you won't be disappointed at Newsies.
The theater was very small and cramped. I say around 10th row center stage and it was next to perfect! The singers and dancers were great although they changed the songs from the original movie. Great show for everyone !
I've seen 20 shows on Broadway and this is my favorite!
Great show, amazing dancing, hot cast.
I loved it!  I LOVED the movie growing up and planned a trip to NYC basically to see the show.  The dancing is amazing.  There is not enough tap dancing these days, and I loved that part in King of New York.  In Seize the Day they danced on newspapers which was so cool.  I literally could not stand on a newspaper without falling and breaking my face, so it was really neat to see them dancing and spinning on them.  I just loved it!  I hate NYC (its loud, dirty, crowded and disgusting) but this made the trip.  If you have the opportunity to see it, do it!
I'm a fan of the movie! Didn't think anyone would compare to Christian Bale!! Boy was I wrong! This play is AMAZING! It was so much fun to watch! Thought the acting, singing, and dancing were all very well done! Even my boyfriend who was skeptical about going said it was the best play he's seen (we haven't been to Wicked yet tho)! Great for ages over 11. I think young children wouldn't like this as much.
