Beautiful bar. When the Capitol re-opened this space was run down and empty. It looks like an HGTV product now. Really clean, great lighting, and nice homage to Jerry. The beer selection is good too, which is obviously important bc it's a bar. Only complaint is the unisex bathrooms... Men drinking can be a little bit messy for us ladies to deal with.
Love this place for shows!  It's nice to have a spot to see the lesser-known bands in a convenient location right next to the metro north.  The sound is surprisingly good for a small venue and there's always enough space to stand near or far from the stage.  The bartenders are attentive and quick however the beer prices are too high.  If I'm paying $7 to see a band, I don't want to pay $8 a beer!  Other than that, great venue.
Garcia's opened shortly after the Capitol Theater reopened and it is a very welcome addition to the Westchester Avenue area of Port Chester.  It is attached to the Capitol and during concerts, they show the concert on the big screen. This bar is unique.  It is named for Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead and its focus is on music, good bar service and ambience and good drinks.   Garcia's has live music mosts nights and the acoustics are amazing!  This place is not just an average bar.  The owners take excellent care to make this a place of quality and enjoyment. I highly recommend Garcia's if you are looking for a nice night of good music, good service and good drinks.  Great vibe in Garcia's!
Amongst a sea of grimy bars in Port Chester, lies a diamond in the rough - Garcia's.  I've lived in Port Chester for a while now, and while the restaurant scene has begun to boom, the bar scene left something to be desired.   Garcia's opened 9 months after the reopening of The Capitol theatre, and is attached to the theatre. Garcia's boasts a hefty collection of Grateful Dead/Jerry Garcia swag (including a bronzed mold of Jerry's actual hand, complete with the missing finger). Its not just a dead head bar though, and it shouldn't be either - its a place that's totally focused on music and quality bar service & drinks.  The bartenders are all very friendly and tend the bar well.  Garcia's has a great beer selection along with wine, and the bartenders can shake up any cocktail you want.   Garcia's has live music most nights of the week, and yes - the music is more than JUST dead-music.  The sound in the bar is great - like that of The Cap, the management takes great care in how the live music is being heard.  Its not very often that you visit a bar that has a full time lighting and sound guy!  The care and quality really shows in this place, and its a blessing for Port Chester. The bar is also used as a lounge area before, during and after shows at The Cap. Overall , if you enjoy good drink and great live music - check out Garcia's ASAP - you will not be disappointed.
This place is great. My only complaint? The stadium-level beer prices! Holy mackerel! Paying $8 for a Newcastle nut brown is a très chér, no? Other than that, the place hit it out of the ballpark. Amazing sound quality. Super friendly bartenders. Great location. Awesome decor. And even though the beer was a little pricy, I can't complain too much, because the show was only $7 and the selection of beer available for such a small venue was pretty impressive! If I have the chance to catch another show here in the future, I'll definitely be making the hour-long drive to Port Chester again.
Dirtbags  run the door but the indoor/bar staff are nice.  I attended the Phil Lesh show and a large black and white sign on Garcia's CLEARLY indicated that ticket holders were guaranteed admittance but others were not and would also pay a cover charge.   I arrived with my ticket and wristband from the show and waited. 40 minutes, then the doorman insisted we pay him - when I politely referenced the large black and white sign behind him regarding the admission guarantee - he told us he didn't care what it said, threatened us, then he insisted payment. I don't care about the $5 but it made no sense, given the sign, and the belligerent attitude was inappropriate. Surely our $ went in his pocket and not Garcia's or the Cap.  BTW - I know what you're thinking and...for the record,we are normal, not a swarm of wooks.
Awesome vibe in there!!
Very good bar!
