Came here my very last night in New York & so happy to have left eating the most amazing meal.  I'm very picky when it comes to falafel because it is one of my favorite eats, and this place nails it with both flavor & texture. I ordered a full plate filled with 3 different flavors of falafel, tabbouleh, hummus, pita & 3 different sauces.  It was mouthwatering. I actually finished the entire plate, and I couldn't move afterwards, but it was totally worth every bite.  The spicy falafel paired with their spiciest sauce was delicious, although it could have used a bit more heat.  I dream about it every now and then & cannot wait until I'm back for another round! The place inside is pretty small, so definitely take it to go! 5 stars for healthy, fresh & delicious food!
Upon my first bite at Taim, I swear I died and went to heaven.  Apparently, the great beyond serves insanely delicious Israeli fast food. There are several signs which indicate that I left earth:  The pita is out of this world.  As I sat there, chomping [nothing delicate about it] down, surrounded by my Israeli friends, we were mystified at how they prepared the bread.  It was transcendental.  And - though I know this is blasphemy - the falafel was better than any I ever had in Israel [or Jordan]. This is a big statement.  I lived in Israel a while - Think of how much falafel *I* must have consumed [after all, you stumble upon it more often than Starbucks in NYC!].  The Israeli salad was crisp.  The hummus was creamy.  The tahini made me tear up with joy. I recommend the green falafel [parsley, cilantro, and mint], but I heard that the spicy (harissa) and red (pepper) are both great as well. Of course, come prepared.  The place is small [seats... six, I think] and is CASH ONLY.  But, fret not, the falafel sandwich costs 5.50.  The platter is under 10. Oh, sweet, lightly fried nirvana,  you are chickpearific!
Sooo I don't like giving out 5-stars a lot and I realize that I'm giving them out like candy on Halloween. But I don't review that many places and I only write about the ones I really like. And let me say, I really f-kin LOVE this place. Yes, they do almost always have a wait, but it does move quickly. If you're fortunate enough to live in their tiny delivery area, give them a ring. It's well worth avoiding the trip. There's probably not much I can say that hasn't been said, their falafel balls, pita, hummus, etc. are amazing. The one thing I will say is I've never been impressed by the Israeli salad. I've had better at hummus place. It's not bad though, so I can put up. BUT, let me say, their smoothies are PHENOMENAL. I've gotten food here many times, but last weekend was the first time I tried their date/banana/cantaloupe smoothie. It was out of this world. I had to fight with my gf over whose ass it'd be going to. Looks like mine won.  They do offer non-fat milk and water as options for those of you on weight watchers. Here's the skinny - call for delivery, order falafel, get a smoothie, revel, repeat
hella good! really nice basic falafel and also interesting others.. its a 5 dollar pita sandwich (minimum) but if you get over that, its real tasty, my homie gersh is a regular and she hooked up the spot, good lookin out girl, catch you on the next trip. The red falafel balls are on point. Also I always have respect for a great pairing for a limonada, Respect indeed.
Now THIS is what I'm talking about! As a Middle Easterner, I have high standards for Middle Eastern food in the United States, especially falafel. Taim certainly did not disappoint. I ordered the Mediterranean platter and it came with three types of falafel, tomato/cucumber salad, tabouli, and hummus. I also got some carrots on the side. Everything was absolutely phenomenal. They also gave me some pita bread with zaatar. I definitely got my money's worth at this place! The falafel was cooked to perfection and was incredibly flavorful. The salads were fresh and healthy. Sometimes these dishes get SOAKED in olive oil, and Taim did a good job of not drenching their food in oil. I can't say much about the ambiance because I got my food to go, but it was a cute looking shop! BEST falafel in NYC!!!
I don't give stars away willy-nilly. This is hands down the best falafel sandwich I have ever found. Each time I come, I vow to branch out, and don't. Everyone's platters have looked amazing when I've been in, but I can't seem to steer clear of my Harissa falafel with s'rug hot sauce for 7 bucks. Aside from the limited sitting (7 chairs total against window and wall bars), it's a great spot!
Food is fantastic. Unfortunately, it seems lots of other people already figured that out.   If you have time, wait in line.  Taim would get five stars if it weren't for the line out the door.  I guess that's the price of popularity. :-( But, I will DEFINITELY be back with friends.
Solid falafel pitas. Highly recommended.
This is definitely one of the best place for falafel.  I was never a big fan, but searched for a better one since it seems like a great, healthy alternative to other semi-fastfood.   Ingredients were really fresh and people were very helpful with picking "toppings".  I loved the hint of mint flavor in it. I think the best part of about it was the crunchiness + soft outerlayer + the sauce! The place is bit small, so either take it to go or sit outside when the weather is warm!
Prices are fair, staff is friendly, but be prepared to fight for a spot to eat inside. Falafel shouldn't taste this good!
Tiny place (4 or 5 chairs at the counter) but I was lucky enough to snag a seat.  Had the harissa falafel sandwich on whole wheat pita with a ginger-mint lemonade.  I was disappointed in the spice level, as harissa usually usually has pretty intense heat, but that's really my only complaint.  It was still delicious--I could tell that the falafel were freshly made and all the sandwich ingredients were in perfect proportion. The ginger-mint lemonade hit the spot, too.  I'd definitely come back to try more of the menu.
We first learned about Taim by watching Food TV's Throwdown.  What a wonderful place for fresh homemade falafels!  Their falafels taste almost as good as the ones from L'as du falafel in the Marais in Paris.  Their fries with saffron dipping sauce was pretty good too!  We went here at least twice during our last visit to NYC, we cannot wait to return!
I love Mediterranean food and Taim falafels is one of the best that I have had. My husband and I were strolling around the NYU area and were just wanting to eat something simple, nothing fancy. We decided to try the Taim that I had heard so much and I am soooooo glad that we did! It was a small place with just about 7 seats with everyone bumping into each other! ;) I had the traditional green Falafel Sandwich and my husband had the Mixed Falafal Platter. The portion size is huge, but the falafels are a perfect size with crispy on the outside. The place is soo popular that there was a fresh bacth of falafels being prepared all the time.. I am not a big fan of takeaways as I feel falafels are meant to be eaten fresh and with takeaway they tend to become soggy. If they can expand the space a bit and add more seating area, this place would be even better than what it is now! Four stars for a great Taim in the city :-) ENJOY! :)
Okay so the riddle is finally solved. It's prounounced "Tai - eem," not tame or time, TAI EEM. Or maybe this enunciation thing was just one sided.. I think the first falafel I've ever tried was at Mamoun's. The price attracted me. Then went to Maoz.. Then a couple of others and a few locals. Shall I say HANDS DOWN BEST FALAFEL EVER? No, not really. Nonetheless, it was good. Something about it makes it very addicting. Service was a bit on the slow side.
seriously, i love this place. i mean taim itself, but also this location. i had a disappointing experience with the newer location in little italy, so i took the effort to come to the tiny west village location for the original. ordered the sabich sandwich (fried eggplant, organic eggs, hummus, israeli salad, cabbage, tahini, amba) for $7.75. After a few minutes, i rolled up my sleeves and dove in. yep. THIS is what i'm talking about! this warm, creamy, crunchy, crisp, soft, melange about to burst out! i don't know if i will ever go back to the little italy location (even though it is closer to my house) b/c this original, teeny-tiny, cramped, hole-in-the-wall place is the best!
gotta give another shout out to my fave w.village spot! loooove taim. green falafel sammich on whole wheat, pls! time and time again. doesn't get old.
Up front disclosure: I don't even like falafels and I still like Taim's falafels!   Generally speaking, falafels are fairly unexciting to me because I dislike the texture of most.  Lots of the ones I've had are too hard on the outside and too flavorless on the inside to overcome my dislike of the hard, chunky outer layer.  But Taim's falafels are the perfect mix of taste and texture, holding the title of Sue L's Favorite NYC Falafel.  There's no real seating available at the store so be prepared to eat on the go or get it for delivery.  The place also has some of the best tahini sauce I've ever had so don't be afraid to get copious amounts of it.
This is the best falafel platter I've ever had.  Find me a better one and I'll pay for it! I think I may have overrated some early yelp reviews but this one deserves all 5 stars.  Sure the place is small but the food is exploding with delicious flavor.  Or it is flava?  It's flavor.  Call me old fashioned. Forget all you know about falafels and prepare to be taken to a wondrous new world of culinary delights.   Looking at the Yelpers' pics makes my stomach moan wistfully.  (sigh) Seriously, it's got the basic fixings of a falafel platter but done in a modern way and seasoned to perfection.  My platter had so many different taste combinations between the various kinds of falafel, salads and sauces.  And the pita was warm, soft and fluffy. "This is some serious gourmet shit!"  And I mean shit in the most loving of ways.
My wife and I found ourselves lost and starving in the West Village after a disappointing walking tour.  We walked past this place and I initially balked because, while I love middle eastern food, I did not think I was huge a fan of falafel.  I was so terribly, terribly wrong.  After being threatened with bodily harm by my wife we ended up grabbing falafel sandwiches.  The sandwich was one the greatest things I have ever eaten.  Everything was fresh, made to order, and the staff was extremely helpful in explaining all the different sauces and falafel flavors.  Only warning is that the falafel platter is basically the exact same thing as the sandwich, just not put together and a few bucks more.  If you are a fan of Middle Eastern food, do not, under any circumstances, walk by this place without grabbing a bite.
Pretty good falafel.  Fresh and tasty.  Service is a bit slow and the place is really tiny.  Not really a eat in place, better for take out or you can eat on the street.
Green falafel & ginger lemonade were excellent. Looking forward to working through the rest of the menu selection.
Wow.. I was doing an event the other day close to Taim.  Someone asked me if I wanted as sandwich, sure I replied, get me whatever.. Well, I am happy I decided to ask for the food as it was incredibly good.. Just a wonderful falafel sandwich.. I was also bought a jar of their terrific harissa sauce. this too was fantastic.. I don't really remember much as it was the first thing i ate all day and it was around 3 pm.. But, yeh, best falafel sandwich I have had in recent memory.
Taim has grown so much that quality has really deteriorated. Got the Greek Salad the other day, which had to be the WORST $10 food investment I ever made. It was essentially a bunch of lettuce, and really NOT up to snuff with how Einat Admoni is meant to do business. Still a lover of the Sabich, but I'm losing my faith in Taim.
This is the best falafel I've ever had. OMG. Unreal. Going back for more today.
Taim is my favorite place for falafel in the city. They have flavored falafels prepared just right. The falafel balls are crispy and crunchy on the outside, while still chewy and soft on the inside. The hummus, israeli salad, pickled cabbage and tahini sauce are the perfect complements. Try one of their iced teas too!
I can't lie. I came to this place with my girlfriend because we saw it on the Food Network. There, I said it. But, look. It's amazing. Sure, it's a $5 falafel sandwich, but it's worth every red cent. The choice of falafel, fresh out the fryer, on a tasty pita with glorious Israeli salad and Baba Ghanoush is undoubtedly the best I've had in New York. It's worth an extra two bucks. Since my first visit, I've returned with colleagues who have found the falafel and sabich sandwiches excellent. Stop worrying about the price and just go.
Hands-down the best falafel sandwich I've ever eaten. Everything about the sandwich is great- crispy falafel (I got the green), fresh Israeli salad, creamy hummus, tangy amba (mango chutney). I also got a banana date lime smoothie which was wonderful. The sandwiches are super filling and the price isn't too bad. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!
Though this place doesn't need yet another 5-star rating, I have to agree. I got the spicy falafel sandwich and loved every bite. A little heavy on the sauce, but most people like that.
You know Taim is GREAT when simple ingredients come together and make for a memorable and healthy dining experience!
There are couple of places that I haven't reviewed yet, and I don't even remember until something happens. Taim was one of them.  I happened to be around the hood yesterday and saw the sign.  Dejavu. Years ago I was here with my bud.   I had .. Eggplant Salad lightly fried eggplant, red pepper, tomato and spices I think I've eaten too much eggplants so my baby's head would shape like an eggplant. Create Your Own with skim*, whole milk*, soy milk or simply crushed ice and water choose 2 fruits: banana, strawberry, pear, raspberry, cantaloupe, pineapple I made Strawberry, pineapple with whole milk.  It was good as hell. But consider to the size of cup I think it was overpriced. Wait, I haven't tried their infamous falerel yet.
One I the better falafel spots.   Better than many around and solid flavor.  Get the Harissa flavor sandwich.
I went to Taim for the first time last month with a friend who swore that it was one of the best Middle Eastern places he'd found in Manhattan. I was not disappointed. The mixed falafel plate was delicious and a good bargain for the amount of food. The falafel was perfectly cooked: crispy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. The side salads were all uniquely flavored, and each one added something different to the dish. The smoothies are also a nice touch to offset eating a plate full of fried falafel. My only complaint about this place is the seating (it's tiny inside with room for about 7 customers) but that wouldn't be much of a problem if guests made more of an effort to get up as soon as they finish eating. Still, delicious food and I will definitely go back next time I'm in New York.
The harissa falafel is the stuff dreams are made of. Taim does it right. The sparse seating sucks if it's cold or raining but it's no problem to eat on the move and there's plenty of stoops on the neighborhood to chill on while you devour the deliciousness.
Was visiting the city and wanted to try something that was highly rated on yelp. It was really good! First off, I wish that I had ordered the falafel platter, and if you have not been there before I would recommend that because you get to try all 3 of their falafel flavors and the hummus and the tabouli and some other stuff in there. We got an order of the red pepper falafel and hummus. Hummus was fantastic, and easily overshadowed the falafel (it might not have if I got the platter). Very rich, and a massive portion. The place is obviously very popular, and I would go here again. This is the kind of place that makes me wish I lived here. Why not 5 stars? We wanted to eat there, which is really cramped and hard to do (if we were doing takeout it would have gone better). Also, the service gets a bit of a ding because they forgot about our order of pita bread amidst the rush of people, which is understandable but since it was so crowded in there we wanted to eat and get out quickly. Would definitely go back! Best hummus I have ever had!
Don't tell anyone.  I want this place to stay tiny & special to only locals.  This hole in the wall spot is bursting with flavor.  I trust anything in the menu and don't leave without a mint lemonade.  It has very little seating so expect to take it to-go.  Just find a stoop on the block to enjoy your local find.
This place is delicious! Worth every penny because the food is really high quality. The falafel platter ($10) and banana, date, and lime smoothie ($5) were great for a small meal for two. I can't wait to go again to try the eggplant and egg sandwich.
Confession: I've dated men because of their dogs.There were two cuddly shiba inus. One very smart French bulldog. And a shy, elegant whippet. To date, however, I've never dated a man because of his apartment. That might change. I've met someone who lives dangerously close to Taim. Two out of the two times I've been to his apartment, we've gotten take-away falafels and other goodies. I can now safely say that ALL of the falafel flavors there are holy and pure and fan-f*cking-tastic (previously I'd only tried the green, shame on me). Not to mention the smoothies -- especially the mint and pear one. Ahh. It's a good thing I like this guy (and I do!). I hope I keep getting invited over...
Best falafel ever! We had the falafel sandwich and the eggplant sandwich, and I'd say the falafel blows our minds! It was fried to order, hot and crunch and absolutely awesome!
All I can say is = best falafel I have ever had. Seriously. I have tried all kinds of falafel from all over, but this is just amazing. Will def. be back soon!
Really yummy but I need to try it again to know if it was the best!
Something truly amazing happened to me last night. I can't even take credit for its occurrence since I hardly worked for it...it simply, happened. I found (falafel) nirvana. Sure, there's almost 400 reviews raving about Taim. It's walking distance from my apartment and they serve up some of my favorite kinds of healthy grub to-go style. Considering the amount of times I've wolfed down Mamoun's I'm actually ashamed that it took me so long to find the path to culinary enlightenment. And it happened in the form of the mixed falafel platter. It was late; I had been entangled in a project and only realized my hunger at nearly 9pm. Desiring something relatively healthy and tired of my old haunts, Taim floated through my head as an option. Trekking deeper into the WeVil I lucked out with a brief queue and lightening fast turnaround time. Compared with my prior falafel experiences, Taim's menu is more extensive, falafel more varied and ingredients all-veggie, gluten-free and organic in a completely not gross way. My falafel plate consisted of three f-balls: cilantro-parsley-mint (fave!), roasted red pepper (savory, great with the brownish sauce), and harissa (has some kick!) all nestled in the most mind-blowingly creamy, delicious and perfectly spiced hummus I've ever laid my tongue on. And they give you hot, fluffy, herbed pita to sop it all up. I'm actually drooling right now. The accompanying Israeli salad of cucumber and tomato was tasty, as was the tabouli, though both were over-parsley'd in my opinion. There was easily enough food to split with a companion, though you'll be inclined to hoard it all to yourself - to hell with post-gorging stomach pains. Further fueled by the fact that they will deliver all this to my door, I'm looking forward to a deeply satisfying relationship with Taim for months, maybe years, to come. Next up: the $5 date, lime, banana, cantaloupe, and ginger smoothie. Ommmm.
Quite possibly the best falafel I've had. I'm not a big falafel person to begin with, but my girlfriend and I swung by when we were taking a stroll around West Village last weekend. This place is tiny - there are maybe 6-7 stools at most crammed against the wall of the shop, as well as a couple benches outside to eat at. Service is pretty quick, though, and boy is it worth it. We ended up splitting a falafel platter and a strawberry/raspberry smoothie with skim milk. The smoothie was a little overpriced (it cost $5.50), but it was nice and light (probably because of the skim milk), which was a contrast to heavier smoothies served elsewhere. As for the platter...pure Middle Eastern heaven on a plate. My favorite falafel was the Tunisian iteration; the touch of spiciness really adds something to the dish. The hummus was standard, but the pita bread was nice and warm, and the tabouli really was fresher and more flavorful than I've had elsewhere. The additional sauces on the side were all good, but a shout-out to the mango/fruit-infused sauce - that was quite different and contrasted very well with the rest of the dish. For $11.50, you do get your money's worth for sure. This is an awesome little shop right off of 7th Avenue, and if you're hankering for some falafel, this is your go-to shop in West Village. Loved it and will be back! Just make sure to hit an ATM beforehand; they don't take credit cards...
Went here on 9/12/13 around 9:15pm. I got the Harissa and added feta and olives. Excellent choice complemented by the ginger mint lemonade. The cashier was very friendly - we hadn't been there and she helped point us in the right direction. We will return.
Green falafel sandwich (hummus, israeli salad, pickled cabbage and tahini sauce comes in it with your choice of one of the three falafels they offer).  Filling without being too much and tasted great.
Perhaps Middle Eastern food in New York conforms to quantum mechanics?  Take for example the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle that suggests you cannot figure out *both* the speed and location of sub-atomic particles accurately.  If you get one right, the other would be off.  Well, the same thing applies to falafel and hummus.  I am yet to find one spot that would excel at both.  Go figure!                                                       Hummus                                                       -------------                                                          great                                                               |                                         Hoomoos    |            ???                                              Asli           |                  Falafel  okay _____ ____|__________great                  ---------                                  |                                                                |                                                   Mamoun's    |          Taim                                                                |                                                            okay            Why five stars then?  Well, who but Taim can boast of ...            ... A name that translates to "delicious" in Hebrew   -.            ... Three falafel flavors -- green, red and harissa ...    |            ... ... each more delicious than the other.  Superb!     |            ... Homemade French Fries, with saffron aioli             \_ Wow-            ... Friendly service with a welcoming smile                  /    zer !!!!            ... Choice of thick whole wheat or white pita                |            ... Delivery service and eat-in--in a compact area       |            ... Excellent value for money                                          -' The hummus is admittedly ordinary.  It could do with a liberal sprinkling of lemon juice.  At any rate, it falls short of being perfect in much the same way that a trained monkey might fall just a little short of doing everything I can do.  But perhaps Heisenberg was right after all, and it was never meant to be?
It has taken me a year or so, but I am slowly finding myself able to tell the ethnic pedigree of falafel sandwiches.  The biggest give-away I have found is the type of pita.  In Greece, in the immigrant-heavy areas of Athens I was lead to a tiny falafel shop.  There the sandwich was wrapped in lavash, not pita.  The sandwich was made and then briefly grilled.  As far as I know the proprietors were of Pakistani background. On the other hand you have the thick and fluffy pita found when served Israeli falafel, and Taim is most definitely in this category.  The pita is thick and warm, and you have a choice of three different types of falafel to choose from.  I went with the traditional green myself. Another wonderful item in regards to Israeli falafel sandwiches - they always give you a LOT of food.  There almost always will be hummus in there, and some sort of pickles (at Taim it is pickled cabbage), lots of falafel balls, etc. Along with my sandwich I had the brown-sugar lemonade.  It was tasty, though a touch bland for my taste - and there was a LOT of ice in my glass. Overall I think it is a great place for falafel if you can get there while it is open.  For a falafel place, its hours are a little limited in comparison to most others.  Even Chickpea is open longer. One note though: I wouldn't suggest the Turkish coffee, someone came in and ordered some while I was eating my meal and I am pretty sure they used instant coffee since there was no burner used at all.  ::shudder::
A falafel sandwich is kind of like pizza: it seems basic but there are so many elements that could go wrong.  Everything here is top-notch: the falafel itself, hummus, yummy Israeli coleslaw.   Only four stars because the smoothies are nothing special, and I 'm usually a big fan of smoothies. They make up for it with delicious french fries with saffron aioli.
Truly the best falafel in NYC. I think I've had almost everything on the menu. Usually I order the green falafel on whole wheat pita which is absolutely delicious and incredibly filling. The sabich sandwich (fried eggplant with an organic egg) is also amazing and different - not something I've tried before! Their smoothies are also incredible, I'm a fan of the pineapple and coconut and pear, mint and lemon. The shop is tiny so it's usually really hard to get a table and it's always crowded around lunchtime, although they're very quick at processing orders. The staff are really friendly and I've been so often they know my name! Can't wait to get my next falafel sandwich!
Not the best falafel deal in the city[1], but probably the most tasty falafel I've ever had in NYC. Taim serves gluten-free falafel that is fried to order in canola oil. The menu may look overwhelming at first, but when it comes to falafel you have 3 choices: 1) Green (parsley, cilantro, and mint). 2) Harissa (Tunisian spicies; my favorite). 3) Red[2] (roasted red peppers). The star in the falafel sandwich here is the hummus: super-creamy and fluffy, and still wonderfully light. Highly addictive! The falafel balls, which lean towards the small size, are fried to perfection on the spot: crunchy on the outside, and nice and moist on the inside. The pita is nice and puffy, and holds the sandwich (which is stuffed to the bream) together without hesitation. In other words: a faultless falafel. - Get there before 7 pm, otherwise the line is just insane (even on a weekday). Or place your order ahead by phone. - The place is tiny and it's very HOT inside, where it seats about 6 people (uncomfortably). - The french fries with saffron aioli[3] are delicious, but they don't keep well: eat them right away or you'll end up with a soggy mess. What are you waiting for?! Get a falafel already! --------------------------------------------------­--------------- [1] A falafel at Taim is $5.25, while at Mamoun's is $2.50. [2] Please note that the Red falafel is not hot: if you like "the hottness" in your falafel, get the Harissa, which is lightly spicy. [3] $4. A bit steep but yes: the saffron aioli IS as wonderful as it sounds!
Please someone tell me there is a better place to grab a falafel.  If there is a better place to grab a sabich platter and fries, then tell me now or else my ass will explode into a million pieces. Even the smoothies are good and I don't enjoy smoothies.  So there.
Falafel restaurant?  More like falafel REVELATION.  Seriously, this is as good as it gets.  Everything is made fresh.  For people who like a bit of kick to their food, the spicy falafel is excellent. It's a little pricey compared to a regular joint, $6-7 for a pocket, but it's well worth the extra couple bucks for the quality.  Seriously, it is so.  Good. Don't forget the lemonade.
This is the definition of a hole in the wall falafel place.  The place is extremely good..everything here is super tasty.  But be mindful that it is a little on the pricey side which is why I took off one star.  This place is extremely small...you do not come here to sit down and eat.  You come here, pick your food up and go somewhere like a park or a stoop.  Otherwise the food is heavenly!!!
Let's open with one of my favorite scenes from Good Will Hunting... Skylar: Maybe we could go out for coffee sometime? Will: Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of falafels. Skylar: What? Will: When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee. Okay - so the falafel reference should actually be credited to caramels, as in the movie, but my point is... I'd rather have falafels. Anytime, anywhere - I'm ALWAYS up for falafel. So it should be no surprise that my recent 5.5 day trip to New York included not one but two falafel meals. The latter experience concluded with a chance meeting with a prominent rapper/producer/actor as I was leaving the joint, but that's entirely another story. Sorry! But my brush with falafel greatness at Taim was far superior, culinary-speaking. What, there's a choice of falafel flavors? I never came across such a concept in all my years of living in Chicago. Whether it's the traditional green, red (mixed with roasted red peppers) or harissa balls that you crave, Taim's pairing 'em with a fluffy, warm pita, zesty hummus, Israeli salad, pickled cabbage and the smoothest, most delicious tahini sauce. Every bite was perfectly portioned with an even layer of ingredients, and just the right amount of texture and crunch factor. Though I was crammed in between two other falafel fiends in the teeny tiny shop, I really didn't care that I could hear them noisily chomping or occasionally brushing a bit too closely against my thigh. I had falafel to eat in its most precious, hot-off-the-presses state, damnit! When it was over, I was sad. Very sad. And to fill that hole, I went shopping in SoHo and spent way too much money. There's a learning here, and I'm happy to share: order a second sandwich from the get-go and enjoy delayed gratification in the form of multiple falafagasms. Your wallet (and mouth) will thank you! And I sob.
The tradition of Falafel Friday began when I moved to west village and discovered taim. This place is outrageous!!! So fresh, so delicious- I dream about this place. Hands down, my favorite of the three falafels is the harissa- such a different flavor from the traditional balls. The fries are pretty good too (better at Taim than delivered). They come with a sauce that I always think is cheese... but it's not. If you love falafel and all things middle eastern, definitely visit taim!
When I left for a weekend to NYC, one of my food goals was to try this place. I've never been pleased with the falafel in LA, it just seems like it could be so much better. This joint was hard for me to find, even with my trusty iPhone. When I finally got there, lucked out, no line! The combo plate was excellent value at $10. The salad were fresh and delicious. The hummus, I don't know what was in it, but it tasted smoother and lighter than what I am used to. Really good. The falafel was crunchy, light and bursting with flavor. Even the pita was topnotch. In fact, it was so darn tasty that I bought a second combo plate and brought it back to LA for my wife. While I don't recommend this, I can say that everything but the salads tasted extraordinary and she agreed.
Gluten free falafel that will change your life!  Try the Harisa.   If you have celiac, avoid the humus since they use the same spoon to slather it on pita - and the place is just to hectic to as them to take precautions.
Fresh. Tasty. Healthy. Fast. Good Quality. Upon entering, the restaurant was packed. There is little counter space and some seats. The employees were nice and quick to take our order. We decided to try the Mixed Falafel Platter, which was quite filling. It comes with 3 types of Falafel, Hummus, Israeli salad, Tabouli salad and Pita. The sauces on the side complimented the dish well. The Falafel were crisp on the outside and fluffy within. They were seasoned perfectly and very flavorful. The hummus was smooth and creamy. Yum. The salads were cool, refreshing and clean. The spices on the pita really brought the toasted fluffy bread to another level. Overall, a filling, delicious and healthy meal. Don't forget to try their homemade drinks and smoothies. The lemonades and iced teas are refreshing. Their smoothies are light, blended well and natural. Memorable indeed.
Best falafel in the world! My favorite is the harissa nice and spicy. The red and green are also excellent but I like my food spicy. I usually get the combo platter so I get a little of everything, and a ginger lemonade to wash it down with. It comes with a couple of different sauces which go really good with the different falafel flavors. The Hummus is pretty good too. The only down side it the place is tiny inside 5 stools and they are cramped. Last time I went there were like 15 in the restaurant which was super crowed, but in the summer everyone just spills out into the street.
The Good: Make no mistake about it, I love this place. The falafels are awesome, the best I've had outside of the Jewish quarters in Paris. They're amazing. I've been coming here very since they first opened. The Bad: However, I have to keep it real and admit that I've been less than pleased about the service lately. I know they're always busy b/c their food is the business. I've been ordering a falafel sandwich every once in a while for pick-up for lunch. I order it when I'm in the area b/c I try to make sure it stays warm. To no avail, my falafel has recently been cold by the time I reach my office. The Fugly: The last experience I had not only left my falafel cold, it was on white pita bread and didn't have the pickles that I requested. So, I'm planning to only dine-in from now on, so that I can ensure my order is correct, and never order take-out again.
Sitting at work, I suddenly got a crazy craving for falafel.  Waiting til January for some good authentic falafel when I'll be in Israel was out of the question, I needed it today.  So...I started googling places around.  This place seemed to have the best (and most) reviews, so I picked up my phone and ordered.  I ordered at 12:27pm.  The delivery was in my hands at 12:36pm.  DID THEY FLY HERE?!  Seriously, quickest delivery EVER.  Now, I ordered the Harissa falafel sandwich.  The reviews weren't lying...BEST FALAFEL IN NEW YORK.  I also got the pomegranate honey iced tea, which was delicious.  I am so glad that I discovered this place.  Will definitely be ordering from here again.
My name is Audrey, and I don't like waiting for my "fast" food. (See, e.g., "Express" Manna Kitchen review, infra.) The food here is very good. The falafel packs a potent punch. You have the option to have wheat or white pita (fluffy and hot pita, too). The hummus is acceptable -- nothing outstanding, but fine for a quick bite. Which brings me to the crux of the matter -- a quick bite. The wait for said tasty and potent falafel in said fluffy pita can be quite substantial, especially considering this place has hard stools against the window counter and...nothing much else in terms of ambiance.  While it's easy for me to understand the plethora of high ratings that abound for this restaurant based on quality of the food output, it's hard for me to be effusive when it does not quite live up to my expectations. Yes, I shouldn't judge a book by its cover... BUT. If you're walking past and see a hole-in-the-wall falafel and smoothie "BAR" (which suggests speed!) and you step in hoping for a quick bite, you will not get a quick bite. Instead, you'll likely get a bit of a wait. Which also leads me to my other, semi-related question -- is my impatience just a function of my having been in NYC long enough to be operating on...dare I say it?...NEW YORK TIME?!* I would say 4 stars, all things considered -- 3 for in-house dining, but an extra star bonus for their delivery, which is probably the best way to avoid that agonizing wait. . . . . . . . * E.g., expecting a cab to get you from Grand Central to the West Village in less than 8 minutes, knowing the subway car and exact door you need to exit in order to be at the exit closest to your destination, etc. -- and all in the name of speed, efficiency, and...impatience. Hrm...something on which to marinate, no? ***** Edit 1/8/08: Upon further consideration, I've decided to give this place three stars. The ultimate question for me was "if I didn't live two blocks away from this place, would I really seek it out?" The answer to that question was an honest "I don't think so."
The only place I go for falafel!  I have tried the Harissa and the Green. Between the two, Harissa definitely takes the cake.  For drinks... the mint lemonade is pretty good. All around great place to eat especially great for those planning to leave ny through the Holland Tunnel and want something perfect for the road.
I recommend the Harissa Falafel. This place is great. Excellent priced and tasting Falafel. There's only a few places to sit inside, and it's pretty crowded when people are ordering, but it's in a beautiful neighborhood so you just take your food outside once you get it.
Best falafel I've had in the city. Worth the line if there is one.
I'm so lucky with this little hole-in-the-wall joint. Every time I enter, the place tucked away in a quiet tree-lined village street is empty, as if no one had ever heard of it. And then,  2 seconds after I've placed an order, about 50 people have queued up behind me. Hmm. If I hadn't tasted the food here, I'd have thought it's me they're following. But I digress. This is, without a doubt, the freshest form of middle eastern food I have eaten outside of the Middle East. I swear I saw that warm, soft, pillowy pita bounce a little when the guy at the counter placed it on my falafel platter plate. I swear I saw them slip in some crack into my tabouleh. And those nine little _just_fried_ falafels, three different flavours (red pepper's my favourite), lounging prettily on that mound of chickpea heaven (well, until i gobbled them up). The sauces are a great accompaniment to the platter and I poured some on every bite - I mixed and matched the 3 sauces with the different combinations of the various components on my plate.  The hot sauce is unlike any other hot sauce, and just thinking about that salty tangy mango chutney is making me drool right now. I wiped the entire plate clean first with the soft pita and then with my bare fingers. I am not as big a fan of the fried eggplant sandwich - I would get the same thing on a platter some other day. oh YUM.
TAIM is a different kind of place. Everything tastes so fresh and yummy. I've had a lot of depressing veggies since arriving in NYC, but I haven't had them at Taim. They make a GREAT falafel!! - It's 5 buck. - So much flavor. - Perfect amount of crunch and soft If you're a fan of sauce they have this special aioli that is really yummy and saffron flavored. I get it to add to the falafel. YUMMY. FYI- The place is very small, 4-5 stools tops. I'm excited to have a go to Falafel joint, cause god damn I'm picky. Hard to win me over and make me such a numero uno fan. Congrats Taim- you've done good work son.
We wanted ton try this place after seeing it featured Throwdown w Bobby Flay. Being a family of falafel fanatics, we were eager to try the falafel platter as our primary nosh. It was amazing.  Not a crunchy falafel, but a very flavorful one. They have 3 types all worth tasting. I liked the traditional one best bc the cilantro and lemon really came out. The red pepper was also great. For a  spicy kick, the Harissa falafel was also good.  The hummus, tabouli and Israeli salad were fresh, simply prepared and delicious sides. We also tried the eggplant salad which had red pepper, onions and eggplant.  It was excellent.  The sabich eggplant sandwich was terrific as well. Packed w a hard boiled egg, lightly fried eggplant, cabbage, and other veggies, it was an eclectic combination that was a great combination of flavors. A great middle eastern lunch!
Small hidden gem located in the village. One of the best falafel in NYC. If possible come to this location and not the food trucks.
Who am I these days? Eating falafel at a smoothie bar and shit. To be honest, falafel is rarely on my agenda. To me, falafel is a faux-meat, reserved for vegetarians to rave about, at whom then carnivores can point and laugh. I figure, why go for ground-up chickpeas when you can go for ground-up moo-moo cow? To each his own, I suppose. But I shall give credit where credit is due. For Taim makes a falafel sandwich that I didn't merely tolerate, but that I actually enjoyed. I would've loved to be the hater here, but then I'd be lying to myself, to all of you, and, most importantly, to Taim, because they clearly don't deserve such smack talk. I ordered the Harissa, which had the perfect amount of spicy and smokey flavor. I can typically relate falafel to having the consistency of cardboard, but there wasn't anything dried-out about this sandwich in the slightest. Instead, it was overflowing with creamy hummus, tahini sauce, and a nicely blended Israeli salad. The white bread pita itself was warm, airy, and delicious. The space is very cramped, with all of six stools for dining-in and then a bench out front. But the crew works fast to move customers in and out. And even though the best of falafel isn't going to blow my socks off, and though I'd probably much readily prefer something much worse for my internal organs, Taim manages to score a dark-horse recommendation. Mine.
This tiny Waverly nook drew me in, especially when I saw that there were no people sitting inside. Naturally, because I am famous and glamorous, several more entered just as I sat down. One thing I particularly love about the seating is the fact that there is a place to put your bags, and it's wide enough to accommodate all shapes and sizes. I ordered the hummus sandwich on a whole wheat pita with roasted cumin carrots, green cabbage slaw, and tahini. It cost me $5.44 and was absolutely delicious. The pita was thick and soft and hearty, while the carrots added a spicy compliment to the tangy-sweet cabbage. The only reason this place is getting four stars is for the aloof and somewhat slow service. Regardless, I can't wait to reenter and order one of their smoothies, drinks, and the...son of sabich!
Yelp's reviews and Serious Eats had spoken highly of this place. I was in search of the best falafel in NYC, and had decided that I'd save Mamoun's, which appeared to be the crowd favorite, for later. I got a mediocre falafel "with everything" and a mint lemonade, per everyone's recommendation. I was pretty disappointed with both. Don't get me wrong, they were both good, and worthy of 2-stars, but not the "best" falafel I was expecting. First off, the falafel itself was soggy -- it tasted like it had come out of the frier two hours ago and had been sitting in a cambro ever since. Not under a warming light or in a heating drawer like I've seen other falafel places store their falafel-in-waiting, but just in a metal tin on their line. Mushy.   That was fatal to the sandwich, because "mushy" is what the texture of all the other ingredients are as well. The crispiness usually lets the chickpeas stand out from the creaminess of the hummus or whatever sauce and tomatoes or whatever are on the sandwich. The mushiness of the sandwich was amplified by the fact that it was overloaded with hummus -- there was just way too much of it. I had to stop eating it halfway through because I got too full, and take an hourlong break before finishing.   The rest of the ingredients could have been stronger -- the pickle tasted like it was from Vlastic and the Israeli salad barely had any tang or presence (probably because it was overwhelmed by hummus). I agree with Jenny W. that the Mint lemonade is unremarkable. It was oversweetened and had two mint leaves dropped into it. I highly doubt it was made with mint, and even if it was, the thing was so overloaded with sugar I couldn't tell.   The only redeeming part of the experience was the pita -- it was soft and chewy and had none of the flaky dryness that usually dominates my falafel sandwich experiences.  It had just enough flour left on the outside that it didn't even feel course.   Its entirely possible that this place has a great falafel sandwich and I just got a bad draw with poor falafel prep and and overzealous hummus fanatic making my sandwich -- but that's a serious quality control issue, and I don't think this place stands up to even the falafel places in Ann Arbor, let alone Dearborn.
Taim makes the BEST hummus I have had outside of Israel. The falafel and fresh pita rocks too.
To start, I have two complaints: (1) the divine little falafel balls at are just too damn small, there's no crunch on the outside, it's all just a single simple texture, entirely eliminating one of my favorite components of the dish (2) they really need to expand, there are only a few seats, and even if you're one of the select few lucky enough to wait ten or fifteen minutes to score a chair, both the employees and the customers are constantly rude. Also, I think there's some room for improvement when it comes to the "Hummus," the "Green Falafel," the "Red Falafel," the "Tabouli," the "Israeli Salad," and the "Babaganoush" -- all of which, in my opinion, are unfortunately underwhelming. Now for the accolades and superlatives: (1) The "Harissa" Falafel is outstanding. (2) The "Sabich" Sandwich has pretty much the best eggplant I've ever eaten at a fast food restaurant, and the accompanying hard-boiled egg is prepared to absolute perfection. (3) I'm addicted to their "Tahini," it's wonderfully sharp and rich and comforting. (4) The "Morrocan Carrots" are incredible, simultaneously crunchy and tender. (5) The "Eggplant Salad" with roasted red pepper and tomato is like to crack to me, it's so amazingly good. (6) The "Zahatar Pita," whole wheat is my preference, is terrific. (7) The "Marinated Red Beets," a personal favorite, are always really good.
I would consider myself very much a meat eater, but if I had to become vegetarian I think I could live off Taim Falafel & Smoothie Bar. Taim has two items in it's name: "Falafel" where all three options are superb, and "Smoothies" - where I haven't been able to make a bad choice either. I wouldn't recommend the venue for eat-in as it's just too small, but as a to-go venue the rest of the revues on Yelp are very accurate in terms of how great Taim is.
The Ginger-Mint Lemonade was great, but the falafel was unremarkable (I had the harissa).  The experience was solid, but I wouldn't go back. It's also a bit expensive for the quality in my opinion; especially since Mamoun's is so close (and better in my opinion)
Everything I've had here has been delicious and lovingly prepared.  I hesitate to deem any place 'the best' for anything, but Taim is close to the top.  The ginger mint lemonade is also wonderful for washing down your food.
Taim, I thought you'd be . . . taller.   tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwi…     I'd heard so many good things about you. My friends love you. They rave about you all the time. I was really looking forward to meeting you. After all, if they loved you, then so should I. But alas, it wasn't quite the love connection that I was hoping for. You have one of the silkiest smooth hummus that I've ever eaten. It was like buttah. I appreciated the small bit of crunch and texture that the pickled cabbages added. And you have one of the best lemonades that I've ever had -- not cloyingly sweet and I love the ginger taste.   I think you're cute and good overall,  but . . . you're bland. I don't get it. My friends told me that if I wanted to see your wild side, just whisper, "Harissa." So I did. Is that all you got? I know the menu says slightly spicy, but honestly, it was not spicy at all. Nothing. I tasted nothing. Did I catch you on a bad day? The falafel sandwich was one-note. There weren't enough contrasting flavors and textures. It was all a little too mushy and soft. I wished the falafels had more crunch or if you added something with more crunch. I thought it was a bad sign that I daydreamed about other guys, I mean, falafels. In Toronto, this one place included a very thinly sliced and deep-fried battered eggplant inside every falafel sandwich. I loved the crispy crunch texture that the batter added. I was also slightly disappointed by the smallness of your falafel balls. I still had 1/3 of the sandwich left with no falafel. *sigh* Size matters, Taim. I guess I'm just trying to tell you that I'm looking something a little more. Let's stay friends.
I had heard of Taim at least a year ago but I wasted 365*5 meals( Yes, I am one of those ppl who eat more than thrice a day) not tasting this heavenly delight. What is wrong with me!!! People I have only one thing to say you have to, have to eat here!! Its tucked in a little corner off 7th avenue and completely inconspicuous till you smell the Falafel as you enter the block. Believe it or not it was like one of those cartoons where the aroma tickles the nose and drags you into the store. I am a big fan of falafels and wanted to try all their three flavors and hence ordered the platter. The six beautiful falafels were luxuriating on the hummus. Crisp and juicy, they are like no other falafels I have devoured before. The salad was light and tangy and tabbouleh was a welcome addition to my already amazing platter. Pita was nice and fluffy with some yummy masala sprinkled on it. Believe it or not I licked the plate clean with both the bread and my fingers.
This is designer falafel at designer price.   However the portion is huge and fresh, tasty ingredients make the $$ all worth it.  I just went for a traditional falafel.  I loved the shredded cabbage in there for the extra crunch factor.  They don't drench the falafel with tahini sauce so the falafel was not messy to eat; I didn't drop a single crumb.  I asked for hot sauce but didn't get it.  :-(  perhaps next time.  I also loved the pomegranate honey ice tea.  I'm def going to copy that at home.  1 falafel and ice tea came out to little over $10.  My hubby and I shared the order together.  Afterward we continued our food hop( i'm creating a list), which is why we shared an order.  It was just the right amount for two of us.
I've had the falafel over half a dozen times. It's quite good, with fresh ingredients ...  an excellent value. On the downside, it can take quite a long time to get served during the dinner hour, and they are stingy with the hot sauce.
Amazing falafel. This place is the best ever! So tasty. The date lime smoothie and the classic falafel pita are the best!
Wonderful food AND customer service. Tiny though. The Soho location has a bit more seating but it's also very small. Anywho, the harissa falafel is SO good. Has a bit of a kick to it, as promised. The sandwich is a bit messy but it can be eaten gracefully if you try hard enough. It's packed to the brim and when you pick it up, it's way heavier than it looks. They are very generous with everything. And best of all it's well assembled - you get a little bit of everything in every bite! My biggest pet peeve is when you get to the bottom and there's no tahini sauce left because it was all just sitting at the top, and I am happy to report that that did not happen last night. Customer service is great too - def a plus. CASH ONLY. Ugh.
The falafel platter was great. It just goes to show you that when you take quality ingredients and throw them together, you have yourself a tasty meal. The bread was just toasty enough and the falafels were cooked just right, not too hard at all. It was a delightful flavor explosion in my mouth and the price was just right. Oh and make sure you try some lemonade with your meal - it hits the spot on a hot summer day in the city!
Simply put, the best falafels I've ever had. Only downside is lack of seating. Better for pickup than sit down.
enjoyable, but a bit pricey. I had a sabich (eggplant) platter, which was satisfying on most ends. the eggplant was delicious, the hummus was pretty good, the peppers were spicy, and the salad did it's part. overall I would've been much more satisfied if I hadn't spent $13, but what else could I expect from a spot in the west village.
Yes. I never thought it could get this good. Perfection in a falafel platter. Without parallel. Amazing smoothies -- date, lime & banana!? -- amazing ginger mint lemonade -- amazing baba ganoush. I take up residence in Taim if I could.
If you ever get the irresistible urge for falafel I would go no further than Taim.  I personally always go with the red falafel on white pita and be sure to ask for pickles (in the pita).  If you're feeling a little more ravenous than normal I would also recommend the fries.  They come with a unique dipping sauce that is very tasty.   It's size belies the popularity of this place, especially recently.  It must have been written up in NYT or something because the last few times I've been there I was greeted with a line 10 deep.  So don't be discouraged...just know that you'll have worthwhile deep-fried chickpea balls when make your way to the front.
I  was brought to Taim by friends who said it was highly recommended...the BEST Falafel place in New York and that I HAD to eat there..  I remained skeptical, since it seems like whenever anyone mentions a restaurant in New York, it's always THE BEST and I'm always told YOU HAVE TO EAT THERE. However, once I stepped foot in the door to see they also had a smoothie bar I definately took notice. I ordered a falafel sandwich and bananna & strawberry smoothie. The falafel sandwich was in a whole wheat pita with a mild cilantro sauce... and was very tasty!!  Fresh ingredients made a difference. The smoothie (and I am a smoothie expert) was also excellent.. freshly made while I waited. The best part of my experience was the bill... $5 falafel sandwich and $5 large smoothie made for a pretty inexpensive and health dinner. So my take? I highly recommend it. It may even be the BEST falafel in New York... but I haven't eaten all the others so you won't catch me saying that.
So I was a little annoyed as I waited in this tiny store for my falfel sandwich. The writing on the menu is a bit dense, and you're a bit crowded waiting for your order. There's a bit too much visual and audible distraction to really take in the restaurant. BUT. The. falafel. is. Amazing. I'd wait in that tiny store for 1/2 and hour if I had to (not more because I'd probably have the sense to call in an order otherwise!). I got the traditional flavor, which was so fresh and awesome with the hummus and israeli salad inside. The last good falafel sandwich I had was in Israel! The price is right, especially for the size. I'll be back to try their other dishes and varieties!
Falafel IS street food, so it needs to be eaten on the street... at least, that is my way of justifying the tininess of the place that has 4 seats in it. Falafel is very-very good. They put hummus in their falafel, which unusual for me, but, apparently, it tastes better that way. They also stuff the pita with lots of good stuff, so be ready to open your mouth like in a dentist's office to get a bite. Awesome place! Great -tasting falafel! Totally worth the dry-cleaning bill for messy eaters!
Well, this is by far the BEST falafel in town. I just love the red one with the peppers in it... And the plate with the humus and salads. Just great! The ginger lemonade is my favorite, and the French fries with the aioly sauce... Yum! Plus, you might see SJP eating there with the twins...
Yummy Yummy Falafel sandwiches!! $5.25 a sandwich. The falafel is very FRESH and fried when you order. Unlike some places that fry a large batch beforehand. Some even overfry but TAIM is the BEST and well worth the wait and every penny. Since this is my first time, I went with the traditional flavor. Will try the RED (not spicy but with red peppers) the next time or might even try the falafel platter ($10) which comes with all 3 flavors. The price might scare you but it comes with alot of food. If you are a carnivore, this is not the place for you.
I had a very mixed experience at Taim...the food was certainly good, and the service friendly, but a couple things were kind of odd. I'd ordered a smoothie (without remembering to specify a liquid) and the cashier offered me one that was sitting on the counter. I was surprised she didn't either ask which liquid I preferred, or at least make sure the one on the counter was acceptable. Later I found a hair in my hummus, and brought it to the attention of the same cashier. Instead of offering to make up for it in some way, she just said thanks for letting them know. Sooooo yeah.
"Where the heck is 222 Waverly Place?!!" My friends and I were getting frustrated looking for Taim. Why must the store be so small, hidden and almost unnoticeable? Yeah, we got lost. And to make it even worse, my blackberry map wasn't working. Dang it BB, you always do that when I really need you. We had to keep looking though, we needed to try "the best falafel in NYC"! Once we found it, I was relieved and happy, couldn't wait to get my FIRST falafel. Ever. There was quite a line in there, but no biggie, it moves fast! ordered the falafel sandwich and also the falafel samples (I wanted to try all of the flavors) Let's start with the sandwich. Whole wheat pita with roasted red peppers falafel. To be completely honest, it wasn't love at first bite like I expected. I thought it was okay. But of course, having nothing to compare it to, I didn't know how falafel's supposed to taste like! Not until I tried other place's falafel on the same day, right after trying Taim's, then I started to appreciate Taim's delicious falafel. Although I still am not a fan of falafel in general, Taim's falafel is tastier, fresher and looks more appetizing than others.
I never would have found this hole-in-the-wall falafel gem if my friend had not bought me here. It's a tiny space with very limited seating. Luckily there are a couple parks within a 5 or 10 minute walk (although you might finish your falafel before you get to the park - it's that good). I have only been to Taim once, and I got the pita with the green falafel. I would love to try some of the other more adventurous options (there are two other types of falafel, which you can get in pitas, on platters, etc). My pita sandwich was delicious. It was the first time I really enjoyed a falafel sandwich since I visited Israel a few years ago and had the real thing. They have whole wheat pita which is a huge benefit to me. And all the ingredients in the sandwich blended together perfectly - the smooth hummus and tahini with the warm falafel and the crunchy, juicy Israeli salad. I definitely recommend Taim and I can't wait to go back!
Yummiest falafel I've ever had and the best part is that they are gluten-free! I got the falafel plate with hummus, amazingly good coleslaw (the vinegar kind) and a great Israeli salad. Oh and the mint lemonade was delicious! And the people working there were super nice. Can't wait to go back...
So I have heard the saying "After Falafel, you feel awful!" a few times from people who have obviously never encountered this big black food truck of yummy falafel goodness. I see (after searching for it on Yelp) that is is actually a concrete venue and I guess I was one of the lucky ones to come upon the mobile rolling version in Midtown. Parked right outside my office on 51st street, the Taim Mobile truck appeared like a mirage, ready to save me from my usual soup or salad from one of the many midtown mega-delis offering the same thing within steps of each other. I didn't even know what it was from about 15 feet away. A big black truck with lime green accents doesn't exactly scream "Get your falafel here!", now does it? I inched closer to realize that it was indeed a truck of heavenly falafel deliciousness. Excitement was mounting as I scanned the menu on a sandwich board sitting inconspicuously on the sidewalk. Me: (Jittery with excitement) "One falafel sandwich with extra tahini sauce, please!" Falafel Dude: "$5.75" Me: :::Jaw drops in amazement::: I almost forgot how cheap street meat is. After getting sucked into the corporate machine of lunch redundancy, the variety (and price tag) of this vendor made my spirits soar. When my meal was ready and my name was called I grabbed that sandwich like it was gold and ran (as fast as one can in the freezing cold and heels) back into the building. I could barely swipe my security card fast enough to get into the elevators. The ride up took forever and I had canned heat in my heels as I lunged for my desk. As I unwrapped the glittering silver paper and held that pita up in a flash, ready for happiness to ensue. Simply put: I was not at all disappointed. Perfectly cooked green falafel, not heavy like some, not dry like others, with fresh veggies (cucumbers? pickled cabbage?) diced into tiny bits and loaded with freshly made tahini sauce in a soft and nicely grilled pita hit my senses and I was overwhelmed. Overwhelmed in a good way, in case there was any confusion. I went after that sandwich like I chow down on a Crif Dog (which if you haven't seen, is pretty epic). It was the right amount of food, I am full but not in need of a nap, which is excellent during the work day. Now if only they were here every day, so I could do some more menu-sampling, my midtown lunch would have a little more color. Middle Eastern Cuisine Win.
Died and went to falafel heaven! This is a great spot for a yummy, affordable lunch. I had the Mixed Falafel Platter latter with all three varieties - green, pepper and tunisian. Green was hands down my fav. Hummus, tabouli and Israeli salad were very good and filling, but light. The Pomegranate-Honey Iced Tea was delish as well. Note: The place is reaaaaaaally small. More of a lunch place, don't plan a dinner here. And Cash Only
Terrific Babaganoush!  We ordered the Mixed Falafel Platter, then added the Babaganoush.  Sooooooo good.  The hummus was creamier than anywhere else, and the tahini was the best, also.  I'm still a traditional (cilantro) falafel guy, but the other flavors were interesting.  They definitely have enough varieties of falafel and toppings to bring us back for more.
Delicious falafel.  Great price.  Cozy benches to eat on outside.
I have never been a huge fan of falafel, but after attending a Middle Eastern inspired event at the James Beard House I figured I would keep in the theme and have some Middle Eastern food after. Taim has tons of glowing reviews and though I don't have much to compare it to since I rarely have falafel (I think the last time I had it was my trip to Egypt three years ago), I would follow where the fans of it go. I was not disappointed. These little nuggets of fried chickpeas were quite tasty. I got the falafel sampling which came with the red, green and harissa flavors. Green: with parsley, cilantro, mint (traditional) Harissa: mixed with Tunisian spices (mild spicy) Red: mixed with roasted red peppers My favorite was the red, but that is probably because I am a sucker for roasted red peppers. It comes with tahini sauce, but since I am also a sucker for all things dipping, I asked for the Amba (pickled mango-fenugreek chutney) and S'rug (traditional yemeni hot sauce with cilantro, chili and garlic and extra virgin olive oil) on the side as well. Out of all the sauces, I liked the tahini the best. It was rich and flavorful and the slight smokiness complimented the falafel well. The amba was a bit too tart for my taste, but the s'rug was also quite nice and not overly hot. Overall, if you are a falafel fan, this is the place for you. I still don't think I will ever crave falafel, but I enjoyed my visit here and I would recommend it for sure.
Ever since I was in Israel last summer I have been dying for something to remind me of the authentic tastes and smells when buying falafel and shawarma there.  As I turned the corner and walked up to Taim, that's exactly the feeling I got. And there was only one thing that could prove this was what I thought it was... The Hassina Falafel is what I came for, and it was exactly what I was hoping for. The only thing that could make it better would be 3 steak cut french fries plopped on top with a little chile sauce (I only know these tricks from Israel).  The slaw, the balls, the tahini, the spices...it was all there and has a flavor that you cannot find on Long Island.  The falafel balls were brown in color; I was slightly surprised not to see more of a green-parsley thing going on. But it was just perfect regardless. If you don't like spicy then you might want to consider one of the other flavors of sandwich since there are 3 and Hassina is spicy. I'm having trouble remembering what the other sandwich was called.  I think it's sabich sandwich of eggplant and many other creamy components.  The sandwich was yummy but too creamy; I'd rather have just had the falafel and skipped trying other flavors. Tabouleh was majorly fresh with TONS of chopped parsley but the parsley takes over a little bit too much as it's quite al dente if I can relate the term to the herb.  My friend Jen liked it more than I did. Lastly we had a basket of fries which seems to be the craze over there as I saw quite a few people who had it and the New York City Food Guy (check out his website nycfoodguy.com) told me that the fries were a must. And they were awesome string fries served with an aioli sauce that was great. The fact that this place is tiny doesn't even matter to me.  If you can imagine it, it actually adds to the feeling of being Israel since those falafel stores are quite small with usually just a few seats inside and more seating outside.  Enjoy...the summer is the best time for this delight.
What a great find in WV! We were looking for quick bite options when I came upon this gem of a place thanks to yelp. I got the falafel platter with israeli salad..and thought the portion size was very generous. OMG it was unbelievable! Amazing flavors, fresh ingredients, and great sauces. Those small falafels literally melted in my mouth. Also tried their ginger mint lemonade, and it was the perfect combination with my flatter. Super refreshing for a hot day. Definitely coming back here!
This is an example of what all fast food or falafel places should be like. My girlfriend introduced this West Village place to me after my experiences with places like Chickpea, Rainbow falafel, Hummus Place. Nothing compares to their variety of flavors and salads. The platter is well worth the cost.  The pita (though a little salty) had such a soft and good taste to it. It makes feel so good inside after eating and I can feel the hebrew meaning of Taim.
This place was so good, it was ridiculous. I guess that's what happens though when something has almost 5 stars on Yelp. TOTALLY DESERVING THO. I was doubtful when reading these reviews when I stopped there for lunch yesterday. But boy oh boy is everyone right. IT IS AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS. I got the roasted red pepper RED falafel and it was SOOOOOOO GOOD. It was perfectly cooked with perfect red pepper flavor and was accompanied with hummus and cucumber salad in a warm pita. Not spicy at all. I've had my fair share of falafel in NYC and this is WAY up there on the delicious amazingness scale. Just sayin. Next time, I'm totally getting the harissa flavored one. It's def enough food for lunch. I was WAY full by the time I polished off the entire thing in like 5 mins (it's that good) and completely worth the almost $7. Can't wait to come back and eat more. YUM IN MY TUM.
Not the best falafel in the city. Sorry, but the drug addicts that actually found a computer and a internet connection and posted that drivel before me are just idiots. I have to say; their sides were very fresh tasting and solid. The portions are ok and you won't feel ripped off in terms of prices. But again, these schmucks that post on here and wax poetically about places like these have no shame and no ability to decipher what is stellar or not.
Sabich.
Holy crap, best falafel i've EVER had.
What's a perfect lunch or dinner? Well, Taim is now included in my idea of one. With a roasted red pepper falafel platter and a banana lime date smoothie, I had more flavors and textures than $14 could buy me anywhere else in NYC. The soft and puffy toasted whole wheat pita was MADE for the three accompanying sauces and delicious tabouli and israeli salads. The red falafel was satisfyingly crisp and crunchy on the outside but practically feather light inside. Call it the fried chickpea version of a Ferrero Rocher. I have two other platters to try, the rest of the flavors of the deliciously thick smoothies, and the sabich, which I hear is amazing. And I'm always game for homemade baklava. Taim, save some seats for me when I return.
YUMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!! This is the best best best falafels I've had.  I got the falafel platter with whole wheat pita. 1.  The falafels were just so light,airy, and flavorful.  They are smaller than your other falafel places but I think that what makes them so tasty.  All that flavor in bite-sizes balls! 2.  The hummus was soo creamy.  It wasn't over powered by other flavors, like garlic but rather you can still taste the chickpeas. 3.  The whole wheat pita..yeah I don't know how they do it but it was still soft even when it got cold and usually whole wheat products dry out.
You don't know the delights of falafel until you tried Taim. Taim has freshly fried, made to order falafel,  which is a different experience then the usual street falafel in NYC.  Usually falafel has been sitting in a fryer basket over hot oil essentially drying out.  Taim's falafel are light and fluffy with a great crispy outer shell.   They have three varieties and a delicious green hot sauce [get a little container on the side and add a little at a time to your sandwich ]. The sandwich is great because they distribute the falafel so well.  They put some on top, in the middle and then there is one at the very bottom.  That way you get the perfect mix of falafel and salad through out. One of my favorite weekend walks is to go from Columbus Circle to Taim and then stroll across town to Veniero's  for dessert.
after seeing the episode on food tv, i decided to check this place out on my next trip to NYC.  first, i don't understand why bobby flay conceded his victory and discounted the judges' decision... a little odd, since he never does that for anyone else. anyway, you'd think the owner or people working there would be appreciative for those who wait in line for half an hour for their food, especially on a rainy day, but the attitude and service was pathetic. their food was OK, nothing special... it seems like it is hyped up by food tv fans more than anything. $20 later, a lot of attitude and rudeness piled on, i'd rather go somewhere more friendly and genuine than this place.  sorry bobby, your judges were right!
I like meat. I like meat a lot. So for me to say this place is amazing, that means it is amazing. The falafel is so moist and soft and unlike the dried out, hardened balls from the street vendors. This joint is incredibly tiny though and people will pile in during the winter. You have been warned. Go forth!
One of the best ways to find a great restaurant in New York is to look for a crowd or line forming on the outside, especially in a neighborhood  where there are a lot of other restaurant choices.   If New Yorkers are willing to wait on the sidewalk, and ignore the other neighborhood options, there must be something good coming out of the kitchen. Taïm, in the West Village, is one of those places with a permanent crowd.  In the interest of full disclosure, the premises are about the same size as my mom's walk-in closet, so it does not take much to spill out onto the side walk.    When I approached the front of the restaurant, the long line did not phase me; however, something else did.  Taim is a vegetarian establishment, with a significant number of vegan dishes.  Definitely not my usual fare! I usually avoid vegetarian restaurants since I never leave satisfied.  No matter how  tasty the meal has been, it always feels incomplete to me.  If I dine at one, I  invariably have to go to a second establishment for satisfaction or prepare a second meal at home.   My schedule, budget and waistline does not allow for frequent dinner double features. Fortunately, I had reached the front of the line before my misgivings could get the best of me.  Everything before me indicated that Taïm cares about the quality of the food it prepares.  All the vegetables looked incredibly fresh.  The menu was filled with references to quality ingredients, like brown sugar and organic eggs, and despite the small space, patrons were served on elegant dishes I could not resist, and decided to test the waters.  I ordered a falafel pita sandwich, baklava and brown sugar lemonade.    The lemonade and baklava were good, but the falafel was great!  It was slightly crunchy on the outside, yet fluffy on the inside.  The flavor was subtle and delicious.  The pita was also filled with tasty hummus, tabouli and tahini sauce. It was quite filling, and I did not feel an urge to immediately seek out animal protein! I recently met a vegetarian friend for lunch at Taim.   We  ended up getting pedicures during the time that she had allotted for  my post-lunch meat fix.  I may not give up meat, but it is nice to know that I can have an occasional meal without it.
Great pre-night out joint to stop in and grab a tasty Falafel!! Yum...had a great dinner.
Simply excellent
This is really a 3.5 star review. Clean, cute, and healthy, but i think you can get a better bargain elsewhere.   Recommendation *The Green Fafalel ($5.25) was very good, but for the price and taste, I'd actually prefer Malmouns $2 falafel.   *It definitely is a hole in the wall and I can't imagine how people can eat there during prime time--saturdays.  I went during a weekday, so it was virtually empty, but it's diner style seating (stool and a bar-like table) so beware of elbow bumping!     *The fries weren't as good as the other reviewers say. not bad, but not amazing. *Verdict: Go to Malmouns instead CHALLENGE: Falafels
Their red falafel is amazing! There is really limited seating-so be prepared to eat outside, while walking or in Washington Square Park Their prices are slightly more expensive than the others in the area, but it is totally totally worth it.
I have been to a bunch of places for Falafel. I have been to Rainbow in Union Square, both  Mamoun's, King of Falafel on Broadway in Astoria  Olive Tree, numerous places on Steinway street, Pita Pan ,Sito's, Jerusalem Cafe and several others, I can't remember all the names. I am 47 years old. Old enough to be most Yelper's mother. So I want to give you a bit of amusing American trivia. We did not grow up with TV shows like Dr. OZ and we didn't have the food pyramid. We had the four basic food groups. They are wheat or grain, protein, vegetables and dairy. I remember hearing all food is health food because all food keeps you alive.   (during the beginning of the health food craze.) I even remember while being taught about nutrition in school that pizza was the perfect food because it has wheat for the crust, the vegetable was the sauce and dairy was the cheese and meat if you top it with that. Also a  cheese burger was considered to be the perfect food, meat, a tomato or ketchup for the vegetable, cheese for the dairy  and wheat for the bun. That is how they started to put pizza and burgers in school lunches. They actually taught that it was healthy. I know, way cool don't you wish you went to school when I did? Anyway I have a nutritionists certification and have been through several food stages and phases in my life. "Health food" was one of them. I said all of that to say that Taim tastes like every health food restaurant I have had Falafel at. It lacks the crunch  and greasy flavor that you get at traditional Middle Eastern restaurants. On a positive note it is healthy and unique. I have had their Pomegranate iced tea and young coconut juice and brown sugar lemonade. Their drinks are good and unique. I tried it twice because it was so highly rated that I wanted to make sure it wasn't me. The first time it was raining and I had so many errands to run that by the time I got home I figured the food lost it's flavor. But no that is not the case. I went  a second time and was just as under whelmed. I also was not pleased with the limited menu and I made some special requests and they were accommodating. That I give them credit for and for the healthy aspect and for their customer service. But on taste alone I have to say pass it by there are better it is just that they found a unique nitch which is healthy Middle Eastern in a cool neighborhood with very modern and unique drinks. I am not  a newbie to Middle Eastern food. Taim is not authentic Middle eastern but they are original and healthy.
Very good falafels.. But I wish they had more spicy options!
In a city where restaurants are vying for the superlative "best" at what they serve, Taim earns it for falafels.  Judges are my tastebuds, and yours may differ.   If I were to quantify "best", this is why Taim earns the title for me: 1. The falafels are different -  not just chickpeas balled up and fried, which is delicious in itself but a dime a dozen in the city.  These pack flavor into each bite.  In fact, each falafel is so small that it is just one bite.  Smaller than a Dunkin Donut's munchkin.  You do not get the greasy after taste like you would from Mamoun's or King Falafel in Astoria (both have their own places in the niche of falafels). 2.  The other ingredients -- picked veggies, and whatever other yumminess they pack into the pita that I can't recall because the whole thing was so good -- are great quality.  They really add to the sandwich so that when you take a bite and get falafel, hummus, veggies, warm pita, it REALLY hits the spot, both taste and texture.   3.  Quite simply, it's the only falafel I actually crave.   It is so delicious that each bite is actually memorable.   I've had other good falafels, sure, and once I'm done with them I have a vague memory of satisfaction and a happily full belly.  After a Taim falafel sandwich, there's that warm fuzzy feeling of a craving satisfied, but also the memory of great flavor.  That's what will keep me coming back, and what makes Taim the best falafel in the city.
Amazing place to have a quick lunch. Music in the shop should change though, hard techno is not our favorite when you have to queue ten minutes in a warm smelly place! Except from that, lovely food and correct prices
Their falafels are out of this world with its soft tasty center and it's crispy outside.  It's a place I would really recommend anyone in the city to try out.  The falafels here have been voted one of the best in the city and was also featured on Throwdown with Bobby Flay! The staffs here are super nice and even though the place is small, there are many parks around the area that you can eat in.  Just make sure you go fast enough so the food stays warm.
My favorite spot in the West Village. The aioli sauce that comes with the fries is killer.
This place is a great option when I feel tired of chasing down the usual prey and opt for a slower variety like a chickpea or an eggplant.  As such, This place is really cyclical in my mind.  I go from craving it to waking up from night terrors just thinking about the food here.  Hence the 3 stars. The Good: 1) This place has some high quality food relative to the price and is best in class for what it is. 2) It is fast and convenient 3) Drinks are great, salads are great, daily specials can be great. Things That Annoy Me: 1) This restaurant is really small.  It's more of a takeout counter, yet people insist on eating on the window ledges. 2) Although they have daily specials, the menu is very one-dimensional 3) People who think they are healthy for eating here because there is no meat.  It's deep fried. 4) People who eat with their filthy, bare hands here.  This happens all the time and it is really unappetizing.  There is no public bathroom here, so let your imagination run wild to what was touched beforehand.  I also find it inappropriate to do this in public at a very Westernized restaurant. 5) There is no protein on the menu....at all.
Cheap, and really good! one of the only places that offer pickles AND olives with a falafel sandwich... I'm not sure why that's so hard to find? The Harissa Falafel is to die for, and they have super good hummus.   I'm not sure why everyone complains about it being such a small space?  You're in NYC! get over it!
Ker and I were in the mood for a little lunch time hummus and after Sam declared Taim to have "the best falafel in NY" we decided we had to test this place out for ourselves. Of course after getting lost walking from the offices because I was so absorbed telling Ker about my Dad's latest "projects" that being bird watching, stained glass, vespas and archery in no particular order (If you couldn't already tell, I come from an eccentric family), we finally came across the tiny shop. It's itty bitty but has a few stools looking out over Waverley and a bench outside in case you want to eat there. A chalkboard serves as a menu and has lots to choose from. After Sam's declaration - and the advice of the gal behind the counter - we both decided to get falafels. Ker got the standard or "Green" and I went for the Tunisian spiced one which had a name as well but I can't remember what it was. Chock full of hummus, Israeli salad, cabbage and lots of (tee hee) balls, on your choice of pita for about $6. It's a about 2x as pricey as Mamoun's but each one is crafted with care and proves to be a hefty portion. We each grabbed a lemonade and took our grub to sit by the river. Definitely warranted the Yelp, NYT, Zagat's hype and I have a feeling both of us will be back soon to try one of the platters we were debating over trying, as well!
Great food, everything is delicious.  Our go-to move is to get the falafel platter + fries and split them for two.  Best falafel in the west village.  I'd skip the sandwich (if you just want a sandwich, get Mamouns), and stick to the platter..there you'll get the entire diverse flavor experience that makes this a can't-miss.
Ginger mint lemonade and spicy falafel equal perfection on a hot day. Absolutely hit on all cylinders. This may be my shortest review ever, but this is all I have. I will say that after visiting and much trial and error I have perfected making ginger mint lemonade at home. Great mixer for the home made limoncello I might add. The falafel we leave to the professionals.
I love these falafel sandwiches. I pray for the day when I see the Taim truck nearby when I know I can get the day's special falafel. The sundried tomato ones are so good-- definitely get with hummus! They are also super filling for the price.
My favorite falafel place! Damn, I can't even remember how many falafel sandwiches I got at this place! This stuff is legit! I usually go with the red falafel sandwich. It goes with hummus and I add babaganoush and feta. Yeah, I know, it kinda of sounds like I'm stuffing everything at once but trust me on this one, you don't get tired of it. They also deliver in the area, which is a good option if you're lazy or if weather is bad.
Some falafel places have it, and some don't. Taim definitely has it. I usually get the mixed falafel platter - 2 kinds of falafel, hummus, tabouli, cucumber salad, and pita along with a couple tasty sauces. It's a small spot and gets crowded during lunchtime, but given how out of the way it is that's a good sign. The food is always fresh and delicious and I'm kind of drooling over my keyboard right now thinking about it.
This is the best falafel I ever had. It's a tiny place with basically nowhere to sit, but the food is what really matters here. Everything is made fresh and it shows. So much flavor in each bite! You can taste every element as you chew and they all work so well together. I got the green (traditional) flavor falafel sandwich and added pickles. Trust me on this when I say it really is the best falafel I've ever had. I have had so much falafel in the states and also in Israel. Don't be intimidated by the huge line you'll encounter upon arrival. It's completely worth the wait. Also, if you have a chance, grab a ginger mint lemonade. It's delicious and refreshing. If you like falafel, you have to get falafel from Taïm. Note: Cash only!
Wow, you guys are right, this is the best falafel in NY!! Thank you Yelpers! I'm not a huge fan of falafel, but Taim's falafel is the best one I've ever had so far. I came on Monday  night so the line wasn't bad at all. The falafels are fresh and crispy but not greasy, and come with yummy toppings and tahini. The pita too was fresh and fluffy! I had harissa (Spicy Tunisian style falafel), which wasn't as spicy as I had hoped for, but still tasty. Forget about dining in, just go for take-out! And don't forget to bring cash!
Cheap and delicious!  You can find cheaper falafel around, but the quality ingredients here really make the place stand out.  The traditional green falafel is the best.  Make sure to ask for hot sauce, really adds a great kick. Only drawback is the place is really small, so take-out is the best option.
Just like being in Israel
My mother came to visit me for a weekend, and she had never had falafel.  I didn't want to mess up her first experience on a gamble so I found this place on Yelp.  Best decision ever. We each had the falafel sandwich with green falafel.  It was amazing.  This is the way falafel is supposed to be- nice and fresh! The falafel balls were crunchy on the outside and delicious inside.  Lots of fresh veggies and hummus as well, and the hummus was fantastic.  My favorite part was the drink!  The mint ginger lemonade was so yummy, and I will be stopping here more often!  Mmmmmmm!!!  The biggest plus?  You cannot beat the price for the quality.   Helpful Hint:  There is only 4 or so counter seats so be prepared to go somewhere else to eat.  Washington Square Park and the Highline are within walking distance, and great places to enjoy your falafel in the warm months.
fresh! delicious! there are 3 types to choose from, I choose the spicy falafel.  The pita was fluffy and tasted fresh, as was the falafel.  I would say in terms of quality, flavor and overall taste, this is better than Crisp (see my other review).  The flavor and quality of the falafel is also far superior to any of those corner places you can get pizza/falafel at (i.e. Sido Gourmet near my office).  Sadly, Taim's doesn't deliver to where I live.  I also ordered the ginger lemonade.  Unique flavor, refreshing and cool.  There is very litle room to sit inside, maybe 6-8 bar stools set up, and some room outside (if it is a nice day).   They sell sides, such as fries, or a tasting trio of falafel, they also sell harissa sauce in a jar on the side.  Servers were friendly too.  You'd better believe I will go back! I believe I paid about $9 for a falafel sandwich and my drink. Note: CASH ONLY!
The best Sabich I had out of Israel! The eggplant, egg, tahini, Amba, hummus and salad created a symphony of intertwined tastes that only a great composer can write. Also their mayonnaise-mustard-Amba sauce for the french fries was mysteriously delicious. Service was kind (in Hebrew) and fast. The place is clean, albeit small, located in a very nice side street off of 7th ave. They seem to have a great offering of Israeli foods, and judging by the Sabich (maybe the most complex one) and fries - it also tastes good.
Amazing falafel, hummus, and Israeli salad! Likely the best you can find in the city. Try the falafel platter and sample all of the sauces, they are pretty incredible. And if you're looking for a treat, they also have baklava. :)
I've been dying to try this place for a while after hearing people (including my girlfriend) rave about it.  This week I finally got the chance.  It was a nice day out, and once we got there we knew that the place's reputation was solid.  All the benches outside the restaurant were taken and the crowd inside filled the seats and standing room in the place! We wound up sitting outside since the inside was totally packed.  However, the benches outside were nice and big and with the nice weather it was kind of like a picnic! Despite its small size, Taim is very elegant in appearance.  With wood everywhere and stylish lights hanging from the ceiling over the counter inside, you get a very warm, homey feel and the large blackboard with the menu above the cashier area is cheery with its bright colored chalk. We ordered the Falafel platter which normally includes their three types of falafel, but that night they were out of the spicy Harissa, so we contented ourselves with the fresh tasting green (cilantro, parsley and mint) and red (with roasted red pepper).  The roasted red pepper was delicious and very different from its green counterpart.  The whole wheat pita bread served with the platter was wonderfully warm and soft inside with a nice crust on the outside.  The three accompanying sauces ran the spectrum of spicy to sweet and definitely pleased the palette. I was naughty and ordered the french fries with saffron aioli.  It was heavenly and the fries were just the right crispiness. I had the pomegranate iced tea, which was not super, syrupy sweet (thank goodness).  Instead, it was light and refreshing. I really enjoyed my experience at Taim, and I'll make it a point to stop in again!
Way too busy for a $6 falafel. Always packed. I agree yes the ingredients is fresh and better than most including Mamouns, Rakka, etc.. But at the end of the day how badly can you f'up a falafel. Just not worth the crowds and the $1.5 premium.
Un-flippin-believable. Amazing food, charming hole-in-the-wall. I know one of the biggest cliches on yelp is "hole-in -the-wall," but this place truly is. If I hadn't found it on yelp, I never would have known to go there, and would have easily passed by it. The shop is so small, there are only about 8 stools. The first time I went - on a weekday, in the middle of the day - it was full! I took my food to go - a mixed falafel platter. Service was great - they fry the falafels to order, but they were super quick. They packaged the falafels separately from the hummus and salads, so the falafels wouldn't get soggy. I brought it home and the falafels were still hot, crisp, and delicious. I love that they give you the three different flavors - I really couldn't tell the difference because I was smothering them with the hummus, which was so creamy and smooth and yummy, I wanted to bathe in it. The salads were tasted so light and healthy. And all of this for $12! I was full after eating a little more than half the falafels. I was so impressed, I promptly went back the next day as soon as it opened so I could get a seat. I brought my bf with me, and although he was adamant about not trying the falafels (they make him toot to no end), we got a sabich ($7.25) and a falafel sampler ($4!!!), and he couldn't help himself. He devoured the falafels. Having been to Israel, he claimed that the sabich (fried eggplant with organic egg, hummus, israeli salad, pickled cabbage, tahini, and amba) was like real authentic Israeli street food. I didn't care what it was, I just wolfed it down. I think they went overboard on the tahini but it was still fantastic.  Even though the place is so tiny, it's so clean, well kept, and the green walls and huge menu with everything written in different colored chalk is so cute, I just loved sitting there. I would recommend the mixed falafel platter for newcomers. I myself know that I'll be returning over and over until I've tried the entire menu.
BEST FALAFELS! Makes me more full than a chipotle burrito.
LOVEEEEE this place! I ordered the harissa falafel sandwich. It wasn't spicy as they noted but it was flavorful. Despite being deep fried in a huge vat of oil, it wasn't heavy or greasy. And you must order the banana and date smoothie, it will change your life :) It's a tiny shop and can only seat about 8 so if you want to eat there, it's prob best to go during off peak hours.
Another 5 stars.  Taim is a tiny, itty bitty little space, but they somehow make it work.  I could see the experience being less than ideal if you're unable to find a spot to eat, and there are very few spots to be found.  In any event, the hummous is unreal, the tabbouleh is other worldly, and the falafel is as good as it gets.  Extra points for service with a smile.  Thanks, Taim!
one of my favorite places in NY that's a bit hole-in-the-wallish - although don't let the long line that goes out the door in the summertime fool you. whenever i get a chance, i love going here to the detriment of my more adventurous friends that would rather try something new. i always get the mixed plate - it has 3 falafel flavors, with humus, pita and other wonderful things - and the date lime banana smoothie. everything is good and i always leave with that uncomfortable full, want to give birth to my food baby feeling - something i normally avoid like the plague. yup, something's in those chickpeas that makes me want to throw all my inhibitions out the window. i love it so much that i when i was at work late one night and i wanted to order food, i asked the servers on the phone if i could meet them on the corner of the street since my company is on the edge of their delivery area. needless to say, they still happily took it to my building.
You MUST get the falafel here. I ordered the falafel sandwich with green sauce. It had such a great bite and texture with the most unique flavors. Get the sandwich with anyone of the smoothies and you've got yourself a delicious lunch. If I ever go back to NY, this place is where I would want to eat at again. Such a gem to find while strolling through Waverly Pl. YUM!
Good, but not as good as Mamoun's.   You can tell they're serving up quality, fresh food (and the home-made pita is amazing), but overall my feeling is this: there are certain foods that should never be gussied up.  A falafel is one of them.   Bottom line, if you're looking for a gourmet falafel, go here,  But if you're just looking for the best falafel in town, skip it and head straight to Mamoun's.
Finally made it out to this place and I'd have to agree with everyone else: it's the best falafel and hummus in the city! Each ingredient was fresh and delicious. I had the falafel platter since it was my first time out and of the three types there was no clear winner - they were all fantastic. I LOVED the creaminess of the hummus and all the little sauces they also provided were amazingly flavorful. Even the pita was the best I've had - whole wheat and with the perfect amount of chewiness. :) It's pricier than other falafel places but I think it's worth it! My friends each got the falafel sandwiches which I'll probably get the next time I go. About $7 for the sandwich but it's filling!
Love. Everything here is tasty and fresh. Amazing homemade fries with saffron aioli sauce- huge basket with more than enough for two. Smoothies are good, with interesting combos like mint and pear, but tastewise nothing special. Falafels are perfect and this is the only place I know of that has different flavors (red, harissa, and green- I like the traditional green).  Pitas are nice and fluffy; hummus is creamy. Staff is friendly. Tiny space with limited seating. A little pricey for a falafel place (I believe a falafel sandwich is $6 and smoothies are $5), but totally worth it, especially because it seems cleaner than most falafel joints.
I live in the neighborhood and this is my new favorite spot to pick up a falafel sandwich. Affordable and great quality. Tiny place and always a line out the door (that should tell you something), but it moves pretty quick.
I grabbed a late lunch here one day while the Captain was working - and I'm very glad I came alone. I didn't expect the place to have only 5-6 stools and I planned on eating my lunch there. I ordered the falafel platter with all three flavors of falafel. It came with Israeli salad, tabouli, hummus, pita, and two sauces. I am, by no means, a falafel connoisseur  but these falafel balls were so freaking good that I'd revisit this place anytime I find myself in the neighborhood (even if just for a small snack). I didn't get a smoothie and I seriously regret it - so that'll be the goal next time I'm there. If you haven't tried the falafels here yet, you should. It was delicious and executed perfectly.
Tastes 3 times better than Mamouns?  Cant say for sure, but it is definitely the best falafel Ive had, and definitely better than Mamoun's in terms of taste.  However it is 3 times pricier than Mamouns, so the value probably doesnt match up.  The quality of the ingredients set it apart, and they use other peppers and condiments that just blend better.  However, they do not have the infamous red sauce that Mamoun's has and therefore the heat level can never be matched.  The place is tiny like other falafel places so just buy it and eat at nearby park.
I know this place is known for its falafel, but I'm a hummus gal and decided to try a hummus sandwich.  Although the ingredients are fresh (beets and Israeli salad), the hummus isn't the best I've had. I also asked for a whole wheat pita, but think they didn't make any today :(. Though the bread was nice and warm, which complemented the hummus inside. Although the sandwich (plus tax) is a bit more expensive than the joints in the E.Village, the warm, homemade pita made up for it.
A recent visit to a Taim wannabe reminded me to review one of my favorite places in the city. I dream about this place constantly. The seasoned pita, the light falafel, the amazing sauces, everything about this place is perfect. Does a great takeout too (my only complaint is their mobile truck isn't as generous with the portion size).
My favorite .falafel in NYC. I love coming to Taim because it's really good, high quality falafel without much in the way of lines or waits. They only have a few bar stool seats inside and a bench outside, so if you want to make it more of a leisurely experience, your best bet is to grab some and take it to either Washington Square Park or the park along the Hudson, a few blocks west. Foodwise- they really do everything to perfection. They give you three options in terms of falafel balls: traditional, mild spicy, and a mixed with roasted red peppers. The pitas are great and the best part is all the good stuff they shove inside. Make sure to ask for it with everything. The platters look great too. I've had one of their smoothies- the strawberry, raspberry and basil. Very tasty and refreshing. I've also heard good things about the banana date smoothie, which I will be trying when I go back.
Good falafel, but not great.  The sandwiches are poorly constructed with all the falafel on top and the condiments on the bottom, plus my pita fell apart in about two seconds.  For $6.25 it's not much of a bargain either, the sandwich isn't that big.  Maybe i've been spoiled by having the king of falafel and shawarma cart by me at work, but their falafel pita is cheaper and a lot better than the one i had today.
Came here on a lazy Sunday afternoon looking for a snack. We ordered the sampler, so we could try all three flavors. They made the falafels quickly and we had them piping hot. Loved the uniqueness of flavors, and service was quick. Sat outside on their benches since the weather was nice. Perfect spot for a little bite.
Great hole in the wall falafel place in NYC.  Don't expect a table to sit down and eat.  The sandwich is meant to be eaten outside. The store front is really tiny and fits 5-6 people at a time.  The turnaround time is quick (~10 min) so don't be put off by the usual line going out the door. Reasonable price for the sandwich (the platter is a little pricey but still tasty).  Haven't tried the smoothies yet but I've heard good things about them.
And here I thought this was my secret find. When I first took a bite of your gorgeously stuffed sandwich, I wondered why new york was only known for bagels and pizza. Why does the world not know about you???? Then I went on yelp and realized it was little ole me that lived in the dark. Your falafel sandwich is filled to the brim with goodies and consistently so! Everytime I've come here (and I do make it a point to make my way here everytime I'm in town), I know my wrap won't disappoint. The carrot soup is soothingly delicious. It nearly touches the edge of my soul. I only wish you always have it on the menu. I was even able to log in a lime, banana,  and date smoothie one time. Who knew that combo would work? I would probably not advise having a smoothie and a wrap at once unless you are positively starving after a week of fasting or just came off running a marathon.
I love taim. I crave this place at all hours of the day and night. Unfortunately there is no parking so you have to bring a friend to stay in the car while you hop out and get the goods!   Everything looks good but im a creature of habit i go with the falafel sandwich and fries with saffron aioli but im so dieing to branch out. This place is a def must try. they also have a truck you can also hunt down!! Enjoy .. God i love this place.. :)
I've eaten at the place many many times ever since my Israeli friend told me about it. I lived close to Mamouns Falafel all the time and I thought they were pretty good... Until I tried the explosion of flavor that is Taim's falafels. Each of their distinctly styled falafels are great, my personal favorite is the spicier one. And I can't forget about the shakes! Their date shake is to die for. Amazing quality in every way. It's a little pricier (compared to Mamouns) but it's honestly worth the extra money. It's my favorite falafel in the city. Their baba ganoush is the bomb too if that's your thing.
Now there were a number of things that went wrong when I went here. None of it had to do with the food, although I wasn't the biggest the food either. First, it was a hot summer day, and you all know how hot it gets in the summer. And, of course, there is no air conditioning in this place! I felt so bad for those in the kitchen because I was sweating like a pig. So standing in a long line with sweat dripping down my face wasn't the best experience I've had. On to the food-I think in general, I don't it helped that I don't like falafel all that much to begin with. But next time, if I got back, I'm going to get the gyro/sandwich rather than the plate. It's easier to eat, seems like it had just as much food as the platter and was almost half the price! However, I did enjoy the different kinds of falafels and the eggplant platter. I wish I could get delivery, but alas I like too far..
The falafel sandwiches here are simply some of the best I've ever had, and I've had from numerous locations in Israel too. I've never been anywhere where they offer an actual selection of falafel styles. I was eating so enthusiastically that I managed to chip a tooth and had to call my dentist from lunch to schedule an appointment when I got home! Also - Be sure to try their homemade lemonade!
Taim is one of my favorite places for lunch or delivery... and probably responsible for me eating alot more falafel than I ever used to.  It's odd because it's not like they have the best falafels (I'd prob say Rakka Cafe has the best) or the best hummus (prize goes to Hummus Place), but everything here is really good... I honestly can't find anything to criticize about Taim.   I usually get the mixed platter, which is definitely the way to go if it's your first time here (or if you're hungry)... 3 each of 3 different falafels (all are great), a delicious fluffy piece of seasoned pita, hummus, tabouli, and israeli salad.  It's a great combination and you really can't go wrong.  I've also tried a smoothie here... nothing to blow your mind but also solid.   It's a tiny little shop so not the ideal place to eat unless you're alone but great for take-out or delivery.  Yes, there are alot of places to get falafel in this city but Taim is definitely on top of the pack.
One of my favorite spots in NY and by far the best falafel sandwich I've ever had in my life. Every bite is full of different flavored. To quote my friend "it's a party in my mouth". Great pick up and go
Delicious food. Nice selection of baked falafel. They readily accommodated gluten free substitutions.  Seating is limited and on weekends take out is the best option.
You may best remember Taim Falafel and Smoothie Bar from their participation in Bobby Flay's Throwdown. Technically, they may not have beaten Bobby, but their falafel is infamous as some of the best in the city. Taim is a Hebrew adjective meaning highly pleasant to the taste, or delicious. Their menu is strictly vegetarian, their falafel is gluten-free, and only particular items (that are noted with an asterisk) contain dairy or eggs. This tiny eatery barely offers any seating (a total of 7 stools clustered together against the walls and window). Most people take their food to go, and I can understand this, as on the day I visited Taim the small air conditioner barely made a difference in pacifying the blistering heat. I still decided to dine in-house since there were plenty of seats available, and I generally hate eating on my lap if I don't have to (it was definitely no cooler outside, anyway). I had dined on Taim's falafel sandwiches in the past ($6.25 each), along with some of their delicious salads, but this time decided to try their Mixed Falafel Platter so I could try all three varieties of their famous falafel. They include the traditional version, which is green and includes parsley, cilantro, and mint, Harissa, which is mildly spicy and contains Tunisian spices, and their red falafel which is not spicy and contains roasted red peppers. The red falafel had a mild sweetness to it, while the Harissa did have a slight kick, but nothing too fiery. I loved them all, but perhaps liked the green and Harissa ones best. The tiny falafel balls come piled up in the center of a mound of fresh hummus. They are served with sides of tabouli, Israeli salad (cucumber and tomato), za'atar-spiced pita (choice of white or wheat), and three sauces: hot sauce (a mixture of oil, hot pepper flakes, and herbs), tahini, and amba (a mango-based curry sauce). I thought all of the elements were flavorful and well-balanced. I loved the texture of the falafel (which were served PIPING HOT), and the fact that they were small meant more of a yummy crust (and who doesn't love the crust?!). The hot sauce was very hot, the tahini was cooling, and the amba was savory-sweet with a nice curry flavor. I washed it all down with some fresh ginger and mint lemonade, which didn't taste much of ginger OR mint, but it was still quite refreshing on such a hot day. All in all, Taim is certainly not as cheap as some other falafel vendors in the city, but they know what they are doing, and they make some mean falafel! Definitely hit them up for great Middle Eastern vegetarian cuisine in the heart of the West Village.
Taim, take 2. After my mildly disappointing first experience here, I came back determined to get a sandwich instead of a platter and without the mega-high expectations of my first visit.  This time I picked up a green falafel sandwich with everything, and it was really tasty - the falafel was delicious and well-textured, the hummus was super-creamy, and it was pretty filling.  I also got a brown sugar lemonade, which was nothing special but nice and refreshing on a humid summer day. I definitely enjoyed my sandwich more than the platter I got last time, but I still give Mamoun's a slight edge in taste and a huge edge in value.
Falafel perfection. Better than Mamoun's and Maoz. My faves are the red (roasted red pepper) and harissa (with Tunisian spices) but the traditional green falafel is still amazing. Fantastic tahini Excellent tabouli and Israeli salads Delicious pitas (whole wheat or white) Haven't tried the smoothies yet but I've heard good things about the Strawberry Raspberry Thai Basil From the menu: taim [Tah-EEM] adj. Hebrew word, meaning delicious. All of our food is vegan, (excluding *items which contain egg or dairy products) made from scratch daily using traditional middle eastern recipes, the freshest ingredients and a gourmet twist. Thanks for the recommendation Srini V.!
YUM! What else is there to say... taim has consistantly amazing food... Of course, I only order one thing... The Mixed Falafel Platter (a sample of taim's three different falafel flavors, served with hummus, tabouli, and israeli salad)... Perhaps I should stray and try other menu items... But why mess with such delicious goodness. The place can get a bit crowded (it is even smaller than my NYC studio!), but it is worth it to get it for take out... or even better, have it delivered.
Despite the fact that Taim has legendary falafel, GET THE SABICH. From the menu description, sabich is a sandwich on pita with "sliced eggplant, fried to order, with an organic egg, parsley, hummus, israeli salad, pickled cabbage, tahini sauce and amba". I am obsessed with eggplant, so there's a chance I am slightly biased here, but this sandwich was lifechangingly delicious. The fried eggplant sort of melts the hard-boiled egg's yolk; the hummus and tahini melt in perfectly, and the israeli salad and cabbage add a delightfully refreshing crunch. Of course, you should try the falafel and smoothies as well. There is very minimal seating, so plan on takeout unless you want to scarf down your sandwich on a stool at a narrow counter facing the outside (not a bad option, it's just crowded). You also may wait ~45 minutes after you order for your sandwich to be ready but it's SO WORTH IT!
Really? I think this place is good but nothing worth exclaiming over. Like Nicole K., I too was raised on falafel in the Marais. I thought my falafel sandwich from Taim was tasty, but I still yearned for the falafel from Paris. To me the taste & quality is just about what you should expect. The space is too small, especially if you're getting one of the platters. There is only room for about 6 people inside at a counter facing out through the window. The hot mint tea with honey was excellent.
I traveled with out of town guests to this place in the middle of a torrential downpour.  We lucked out and got the window seats.  This place is on one of the cutest little streets ever.  I'm still fairly new to the world of falafel, but I thought this was amazing.  It was perfectly crunchy.  The pita bread was warm and soft and delicious.  And I loved the Israeli salad they put on it.  It was also an incredibly good deal at $5 for a huge filling sandwich.  They also have this brown sugar lemonade that I really like.  Don't plan on eating in if you go here - there are only a few seats and it's very small, hot and cramped.  You might land the window seats if you're lucky.  Otherwise, there are some benches outside that would work great on a nice day.
My wife has lived and travelled all over the middle east, and according to her she has never has hummus or felafel as good as what we took away from Taim.  We both had the traditional green felafel, and a side of hummus with (scruptious) Pita bread.  Fries were good, but they weren't the stars of the show. I cannot recommend this place highly enough.  The downside is that all  felafel I have had since pales in comparison.
Uh.... What am I missing with the 5 star reviews? I walk into a small, tiny shop. I order a $12 Mixed Falafel Platter. It had 3 different falafel flavors on a plate with hummus, Israeli and tabouli salad. You also get a choice of whole wheat or flour pita bread. I dove into the hummus and it was very salty? I mean, super duper Atlantic Ocean salty. The salads were good but is it making me go out of my mind that I have to have this every day? (Like the meatball shop?) Also, the Falafel is on the smaller side. You get one of each flavor with this platter. I mean, they're good but 5 star, wipe the smile off my face good? I'm not seeing it and I'm a Falafel fan. I wouldn't trek a long distance to this place based on some of the five stars reviews.
Taaaaaaaaaim that was good! Up there with Murray's, Pita Joe, and Azure for my favorite Falafel in America. Had the green falafel with baba and amba (amba is a must). Just a little sweetness makes a difference. The balls were freshly fried and had good crunch, don't even get me started on baked falafel.... The brown sugar lemonade was good as well, but not inexpensive. Great meal to grab and eat in a nearby park (if you have will power to walk all the way to the highline go for it....though I couldn't make it passed the front bench) Everything on the menu looked really good. I recommend going with a few people so you can get some of the mixed platters and try a little of everything. I will be back.
Truly special falafel.  Superb hummus, excellent skoog!  I wish the falafel balls were slightly larger, but the taste was excellent!
REALLY good falafels there. Really good fries and carrots. I'm not a fan of the smoothies. The problem is that the line is ridiculous, but if you're ready to wait 20min outside for this kind of food, go for it because it's worth it. I would totally go again and i love it.
Amazing place. The pita bread was soft. The fillings were crispy and juicy. Loved it. The ginger drink was good, though not worth the price in my opinion. The sandwich was awesome. Definitely going here again
Enough people have raved about the falafel, so let me wax poetic about their banana/date/lime smoothie. You may be super full after scarfing down their amazing falafel sandwiches, but you would be remiss to skip out on their smoothies. (I mean, "Smoothie Bar" is part of their name, so they've got to be pretty good at it, right?) You get your choice of using regular or soy milk, or just ice I figured it'd be a bit heavy with the bananas and dates and I opted for the crushed ice, which was perfect--it's still got the richness from the pureed fruit but isn't so heavy to leave you feeling like you just swallowed a stone. I wish I could describe the taste in colorful language, but all I know is that I wanted a second one right after it, even though my stomach hurt from all the stuffage, and to this day still keep thinking about returning here JUST to get this damn shake.
Great! The food are the best! Everything very fresh, delicious!
OK, I cannot believe I have lived in this city for six years and never gone to this place. I and my husband will probably hesitate before going to any other falafel place again from now on. We went there on a Friday evening after work. The place is tiny! - there is only a small bar at the window at which to sit, and other customers were mainly getting take-out. We were lucky - nobody else was eating in at that point in time, and so we spread out at the bar and ate comfortably. We were so taken in by the smells and ended up ordering way more than we should have. We had the french fries (easily some of the best fries I remember from recent times) and a ginger-lemonade to start (the lemonade really did have the taste of fresh ginger). We followed that up with a falafel platter and a sabich platter. The falafel platter came with their three kinds of falafel and was easily the best I have ever had (I *love* Hummus Place and hate to say this, but this falafel leaves Hummus Place far, far behind). There was also some lovely, creamy hummus on the side, a fresh and flavourful Israeli salad and tabouleh, and some pita. The pita ! - I groan even now when I think about it - I practically inhaled it in 30 seconds. It came rubbed with what was easily the most aromatic za'atar I have come across. The girl at the counter is friendly and the service is quick and competent. We simply cannot wait to go here again, and we will recommend it to all our friends!
Taim taim taim! I have never loved a word so much that I didn't know the meaning of (exception is you guessed it, TAIM). Best falafel and hummus and tahini and israeli salad I ever had. Once I bit into that delicious creamy gooeyness of combined falafel and hummus, etc. I thought I was in Tel-Aviv on Ben Yehuda street. I could hear the yelling of Israeli's in Hebrew except that is just how they talk, they yell. Once I finished, I realized I went into a teleportation device located on 7th and Waverly, and it teleported me to the best falafel I've ever had. One so good that I hallucinated to being back in Israel while munching on that beautiful prepared conconction.
Good and one of the better, flavorful falafels I've had in the city, but definitely didn't live up to all the hype. I liked the Green falafel slightly better than the Red. Hummus is tasty. The French fries with Aioli sauce is delicious. CASH ONLY! Very small space to eat. There's like 6 bar stools in the whole restaurant.
I had the mixed falafel plate....with the harissa balls being my favourite good kick to them I found. The falafel balls are perfectly fried crispy balls of goodness and the pita is fluffy and warmed up too. This place is small though so either snag a seat right away or get some to go. I did not get to Sabich but will return---eggplant and egg sounds like an intriguing pairup! My only complaint as the reviewer Srini perfectly described in a graph is that hummus is a bland, it could use a little more zip for sure.
My favorite falafels ever!  I'm pretty picky about my falafels.  This is the first and best place I've ever been to.  I take all my falafel-virgin friends here.  No one has been disappointed.  One of the women who works here is so nice that when I walked in sad one day with tears in my eyes she gave me napkins and asked if I was okay.  Only downsides?  Sometimes too crowded and hardly any seating.
In a word:  WOW! I have had felafel in a number of places in the middle east. This is as authentic as it gets. Felafel is crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. There is no bitter aftertaste that is so common with other vendors. But that is not the end of the story. The salad is incredibly fresh and  the tahina is not watery. The way it is layered together so that every single bite gives you a taste of every item crammed in the fluffy pita. Believe the hype! The line did not deter me and it was well worth the wait.
I just got back from a lunch at Taim and all I can say is WOW. Thats actually an understatement, hows about WOWEE WOW! Hands down, the best falafel I've had in NYC. The space is small and crammed, but you're not really there to sit. The ingredients are laid out in front of you and all fresh! The falafel is fried to order and in perfect proportion. The falafel was incredibly tasty and they do a great job in frying them to perfection, lots of times you get that mushy falafel. This has a crunchy exterior with a warm and moist interior. Incredible! I ordered the falafel sandwich, which comes with salad inside, along with hummus and tahini. The hummus was creamy, not oily and plentiful. What brought everything full circle was the pita. Perfectly warm and fluffy, like a body pillow that you just want to sleep on all day. I now have the perfect lunch spot during the summer. Don't miss this one!
there has been a lot of falafel talk on yelp recently...so much so that it has been on mind all week (or have i been thinking about it so much that it magically appears everywhere i look on yelp? anyways...). i ate a peanut butter sandwich this morning and imagined it was a falafel sandwich from Taim, i took it as a sign to pay a visit to that lovely spot on waverly street. the falafel sandwich consists of your choice of falafel green- parsley, cilantro and mint harissa- tunisian spices (with a little kick) red- roasted red peppers hummus, israeli salad, marinated cabbage and tahini on either white or whole wheat pita. i have a theory. if theres a parking spot near where you want to go (in this case- Taim) then its meant to be. and boy was it meant to be today... as soon as i turned on to 11th street there was a spot. PERFECT! and there wasnt a line going out Taim's door! even better! i ordered my harissa sandwich and actually got a chance to watch them make it. the falafel is super fresh, they fry it up once the order is placed. all piled nicely into a tasty pita. as usual, there werent any seats available inside and on the benches outside so I used the hood of my car as a table and had myself a little urban commuter picnic. if you want to enjoy some quality falafel, pay them a visit and tell us what you think.
Gwyneth Paltrow, in her infinite GOOPdom, has declared Taim "a hole-in-the-wall (literally)." (I'm not making this up!: goop.com/newsletter/17) Someone please hand that lady a dictionary, because Taim is just a normal storefront, with a street sign, outside bench, and glass windows (even a glass door). Celebrity endorsement aside, Taim has some of the best falafel I've had in this city. The pita is just perfect, crusty and soft, with a smudge of oil and some spices on the outside. They have three kinds of falafel! I don't like the spinach one as much as the others, and the spicy one is my favorite, but it's worth getting the platter because they are all tasty. Oh, and the smoothies!!! Banana, date and lime sounds like a sketchy combination, but your bravery will be rewarded with delicious tartness! All the other odd flavors I have enjoyed as well, so cowboy up and order one. In conclusion, this place is awesome, and totally worth the risk of running into a certain smugly self-satisfied "actress".
Amazing falafel and hummus! The hummus platter was the best thing ever.
thought it was good, but I went on a food tour a while back and i had the best falafel...but unfortunately i think the place is closed now, but i still compare all NYC falafels to that one. I didn't love this place, but I didn't hate it either. I guess it wasn't quite what I was looking for on my falafel quest. If you are in the neighborhood and you have a craving, give it a whirl, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
This tiny little gem produces some seriously incredible falafel!  I'm not normally a falafel fan, I find it too dry or friend but this place - oh no - this place tastes fresh, natural and authentic!  I got the green falafel (very green on the inside!) in a pita and let me tell ya, this pita was delish.  Like you know how pitas are totally a hit or miss? This was a home run!  How cheesy am I? Whatever, I heart Tiam
It's the best falafel I've ever tasted. This quaint little place on a quaint little street offers amazing food. I highly suggest you go. The green falafel is to die for!
$5 for an average smoothie? "Welcome to Manhattan!" Bugger off, i've lived here for ever and ever and i don't think it's justified what they actually amount to... I mean the smoothies weren't bad - they just weren't amazing either. The falafels - same story. Often the best foods are simple... not simplistic... just simple. There is way too much going on with these falafels so that something is lost amongst the individual flavors.
one of my GO TOs in the city. I have them saved in my phone. I like that they offer the mixture of three flavors of falafel! Nice, cheap lunch for the area. I usually get the side of hummus with the falafel and pita and it's BIG MEAL for $6. Pro tip: Call your order ahead so you can pop in and out with relative ease.
Since I style myself the FALAFEL KING, I had to go and check this place out.  I was particularly impressed after seeing TAIM featured on Throwdown With Bobby Flay.  It is a little difficult to find, located on a rather obscure strip of Waverly Street in the West Village.   On the plus side: the red pepper falafel is a great riff on the old classic, and TAIM deserves kudos for innovating on this score.  I am normally not such a huge fan of tabouli, but TAIM's version was fresh and I could really taste the parsley.  I also like the ZAYTAR style herbs they put on top of the pita bread.  The green sauce was tasty and reminded me of some kind of spicy version of Argentine CHIMICHURRI.  My mother ordered the mint tea which was also fine.  I did not try the fried potatoes. Here are some things which I am not too keen about, however: since, in the addition to the FALAFEL KING I am also the SMOOTHIE KING, and since TAIM fashions itself a falafel and smoothie place, I think it also appropriate to comment on the smoothies.  After reading the buzz about the date and banana smoothie I got it.  Bottom line: most of it was banana and milk, could barely taste the date.  For five or six dollars, this was not novel enough for me: I needed more of a lime and date taste, something special to set it apart from all the other smoothies. And speaking of prices, as you'll see this is not your average falafel stand: by the time I was finished buying my smoothie and falafel plate I had dropped close to $17 (for about $7 you can get a great falafel and soup at Brooklyn Pita, 301 Seventh Avenue between 7th and 8th Street in Park Slope).  I am a realist about Manhattan rents, but this seems a tad excessive.  Or, if TAIM is going to charge that amount, could the management at least put in a space heater and more leg room under the counter?  It was pretty darn cold and cramped in there.  I had to keep my coat on while I was eating.  I am a big guy at 6'2", and had to scrunch my legs between the bottom of the counter and a platform underneath.   These two stars may seem a bit harsh, to be honest I almost gave three but I would like to draw attention to these issues in the hope that TAIM will address what I'm saying so I can go back and continue to enjoy the red pepper falafel.
This place is amazing. I eat here at least 2 times a month. Absolutely the healthiest and most economical lunch in the city. Quality ingredients, great formula for falafel..... incredible. a place not to miss for visitors as well... (much better than Mamoons though Mamoon's hot sauce is better)
Went to Taim on a Friday night. The place is very small, so grab spare seats while you can. We ordered the falafel platter and the eggplant platter. Both fabulous choices, and about $10 each. Each platter comes with a salad, some cous cous, carrots, and then two whole wheat pitas, hummus, and the main course to make your mini dips/sandwiches - either falafel or eggplant (which also had a boiled egg on top). The falafel were small and crispy. It comes with the three sauces - red, green, or orange. All of these components combined give you a lot of flavor. Delicious flavor. Everything was great. Even the carrots. I tried the traditional sauce once, and with my new found allergies, after swallowing food with that sauce, the spices went up my throat to the back of my nose and I pretty much had a mini-attack from the sauce. I ended up not only crying, but sneezing uncontrollably about 3-4 times while the food was in my mouth. Bad outcome if you can imagine. The staff was so concerned, they kept asking if I was okay and offering water. If you like Mediterranean food, come here. This place is kosher friendly as well.
Hands-down the best falafel I've ever had in New York City. I repeat, HANDS-DOWN. This place was featured on Bobby Flay's throw-down a few years back, and Bobby obviously lost. He couldn't compete with Chef Einat Admony's traditional (with a twist) style. Admony is a real Israeli, so she knows a thing or two about falafel--one of the most prominent street foods in Israel. I suggest the simple green falafel, I don't like to mess with a good thing. But in terms of the fixins, I suggest getting as much as you can fit into your pita. It would be a travesty to skip the tahini or the hummus. Get both. If you like eggplant, they do an awesome fried eggplant that you should get in your pita as well--sometimes I have to wait a bit for them to cook it up fresh, and I always do because I'm a huge eggplant fan. Tabouli, yes, Israeli salad, yes. You get the picture; the fixins rock. I suggest the sandwich over the plate, but thats a matter of mere preference--with the plate you will most likely be getting more food. Get the fries. They come with an awesome mustard-aioli (not exactly sure if thats what it is, but it is mustard colored, and it is super tasty) that is unreal. I've only seen one person eat two sandwiches in one sitting, and I'm convinced this friend of mine could have a future in professional eating. One sandwich is more than enough, and find a friend to split the fries with, because they come in a brown paper bag that they fill up generously. Like I said, HANDS-DOWN, the best falafel in NYC. I'm actually going to go as far as to say that it is comparable to some of the authentic spots in Israel. Yup. It's that good. Its not necessarily a cheap lunch, but you won't be spending more than 15-20 bucks at the very most. They also have a classic Israeli lemonade with nana, (fresh mint) which is the perfect way to wash down your pita and fries.
ok wow. this is THE BEST falafel place I have ever been to, and I have been to A LOT in the city. The space is small, yes - but whatever - it's worth it.  There wasn't a line when I went and we actually quickly found 2 stools to sit on - then again, it was 3 pm on a Thursday afternoon. Anyways - we both got the falafel platter - it comes with 6 small falafel balls, a perfect size in which to try all 3 flavors of falafel without feeling too full and stuffed.  I liked green the best - but red was interesting and had a spicy kick to it. The tabouli, israeli salad, and hummus were so so fresh.  and the PITA!  They offer wheat pita which is what I got, it was soft and delicious and topped with a little bit of spices and oil - sooooo good! The platter also comes with 3 dipping sauces - one was tzatsiki, one was a spicy oil-based dip, and the 3rd was something else spicy - all interesting and a very good addition to the meal. I liked the presentation of the food as well - nice plates, nice service, nicely presented clean healthy food. LOVE this place - only sad I hadn't gone sooner! A falafel platter cost me a little over 10 bucks - which may be on the pricey side when you compare to other falafel places, but hey! you get what you pay for!  I'll pay more for falafel variety, warm toasty pita, fresh fresh hummus/tabouli, and great presentation and vibe. YUM!!!!! love you Taim.
Annoying!  Wont even deliver 7 blocks away even though they clearly advertise their delivery service. Please remove from delivery function
Yo, this place has delicious falafel. A bit pricer but also a bit tastier than Mamoun's. My favorite place for falafel in Manhattan. Fresh, a bit different from the traditional falafel but still tasty. I'm getting hungry just writing this review. Not much seating inside, but when it's a nice day, just take it to-go, find a nice park/bench and enjoy the lovely neighborhood. Taim's is delish.
I can never eat another falafel the same again.  Taim has the best falafel by far.  I have a passion for falafels and let me tell you this is the best.  It's so tasty, yet light and fluffy.   I look forward to coming back to NY just for the falafel here.  Their smoothies are amazing also.  I had the strawberry, rasberry, thai-basil and it was really refreshing.  They had a few other ones on the menu that sounded pretty amazing.  I am ruined, I will never enjoy another falafel now that I've had a taste.  I tried all the flavors and the harissa is my favorite. The tabouli salad was really good too.  They need to open a Taim in the OC in cali.   The place is small but cute.  If you haven't had a falafel yet, GET IT!!!
After 6 months exile in Chicago, I beelined here from the airport. Taim, how I have missed you... I missed your perfect falafel and fluffy pitas. I missed your smoky babganoush and hearty sabich. I spent all winter and spring craving your fries, lusting after your ginger mint lemonade. I have attempted and failed to recreate your various salads, your carrots and your beets in my own kitchen. And, I have watched with a glean of pride as the press continues to exalt you as the best there is, because you are. Won't you pretty please open a Chicago location??
Got some falafel yesterday. We actually got it from Taim Mobile (the food truck they run) in SoHo. We had to wait for 15 minutes in the cold for 5 falafel balls. BTW, there wasn't a line and it was only 4:00 on a Saturday. I have no idea what was taking these guys so long. I thought the falafel was okay, I wouldn't try it again.
I tried the Harissa Falafel Sandwich from Taim. Each falafel ball is extremely moist, well seasoned, and has that much needed crunch. The Israeli salad within is really good compared to other places where they throw in a few limp pieces of lettuce and tomato. At $6.25, this sandwich may be a little pricey. Fortunately, the quality makes up for it. Do get the ginger mint lemonade. At $3, it makes for a refreshing thirst quencher.
I am so in love with this place. Maybe when compared to other falafel options in NYC it's "expensive", but getting a huge pita stuffed with falafel and salads for $5.50? That's an incredible deal, and I wish I had something as good as Taim for that price in LA. (Heck, I just wish there was a Taim in LA... I'd pay more money for it, even.) Oh, yeah, and it's vegan friendly. Anything with dairy or egg is clearly marked on the menu, which makes my life so much easier. Also, their ginger mint lemonade and brown sugar lemonade are really excellent. I've heard amazing things about their fries, but sadly, those are off limits for me.
Absolutely AMAZING. I AM A FAN... A HUGE HUGE FAN. So I would not say I've tried all of nyc's falafels to say that this is the best but I've certainly had enough to warrant a good amount of credibility. I went to NYU, mecca for falafel shops. Mamoun's was just cheap falafels smothered in tahini with wimpy vegetables and a weak pita. Maoz was a once a week lunch because of the unlimited toppings. I've also had University Pita, Olympic Pita, Pick a Pita, Chickpea, Crisp and Pita Express. I may have missed a few new and random ones around St. Marks and University Pl. Oh and the falalfels from the Halal cart up at 53rd and 6th. I was a bit hesistant to come at first because I had always been a big fan of the unlimited salad toppings at Maoz but I read the falafels and pita here were unmatched. I have to say it is very true. You can really tell these are really good falafels when the light crispy balls have to be eaten right away. You can't toast these up again because they immediately lose that quality. Maoz, you can toast up again and they're almost just as good but these have that unique, straight from the fryer goodness. I came here with my mom and were lucky enough to snag a seat by the window. Our order: 1) Green Falafel sandwich with everything - deliciously traditional and flavorful 2) Harissa Falafel sandwich with everything - great flavor with a little heat The sandwich is stuffed to the top with the cucumber/tomato salad and lettuce. The hummus smear is very generous and is so smooth and delicious. If you order it "with everything" it comes with israeli pickles, pickled jalapeno peppers and a s'rug (cilantro chili hot sauce) and amba (mango fenugreek chutney). I loved it.  I asked for extra s'rug and it really gives off flavorful heat without making you want to cry. It does overpower the taste of the falafel and tahini so try it with and without. I had the wheat pita pocket and it is warm and fluffy. I prefer them much more over the thin and crispy ones. This pita I could eat alone! It's also thick enough to hold all the contents without exploding and becoming a mess. I am jumping on the Taim bandwagon. I can't wait to go again... and again... and again!
The best Felafels in town hands down
$6.50 for an 'everything' green falafel sandwich I've been wanting to try here for a while.  The falafel balls filled the pita- they were moist, not at all dry, flavorful and spicy.  The hummus filled the lower end of the pita and was good.  The pickles and other fillings were rather blah.  They need tastier pickled cucumbers and pickled cabbage.  The whole wheat pita was dry, tasteless and seemed as if it were stale. For the price and because of the quality of the pita bread I wouldn't return.  A Sahara pita from the supermarket would be that. So my perfect falafel rec?  The toppings/fillings from Oasis, the falafel from Taim and the incredibly delicious pita bread from Tukk Cafe along with their hummus and baba.  There you have it- what would be the perfect falafel -- too bad the ingredients are from 3 different places.
My falafel sandwich at Taim was everything I wanted and more. First of all, the falafel was fried up just for me, so it was super crispy and fresh. The texture was perfect- crispy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. I got the harissa (spicy) version, and for me it was the perfect amount of spice; it was not overpowering, but it had a nice kick. The other ingredients in my sandwich were right on point. The Israeli salad and marinated cabbage was fresh and crispy. The hummus was the smoothest I've ever had. And the tahini was the perfect compliment to the other flavors. The size was great. I came in reasonably hungry, and for about $5.75 with tax I left stuffed (I didn't even finish my falafel, but I'm a bit of a lightweight). I didn't try anything else, but I was impressed by the breadth of the chalkboard menu. Besides sandwiches, you can order falafel platters (the guy next to me ordered this, and it came with a variety of colorful condiments), salads, soups, side dishes, freshly blended smoothies, and a variety of specialty drinks. One drink that sounds particularly tasty is the ginger mint lemonade. The shop is easy to find-look for the purple flag on the outside. There are only a few seats at the bar, but if you are lucky enough to grab one it's the perfect way to relish in the deliciousness of your lunch, especially while you think about all the suckers eating who-knows-what in the cold from the halal trucks. Update: I went here with my husband and got one of the falafel plates. It had the same great flavors as the sandwich, but I much preferred having all the flavors wrapped up nicely in the pita. For the price and flavor-melding, I'd definitely go for the sandwich over the plate.
It's a good place with quality, clean food.
Taim is consistently rated as NYC's favorite falafel for good reason-- delicious, quick, cheap, perfectly proportioned pita sandwiches.
Falafel, meet your maker. Enter Taim, the pinnacle of taste in terms of fresh falafel and appetizing foods. What makes it so good? Not only is it made fresh when you order it, but it's cooked flawlessly with a crispy outside and savory inside. Obviously taste is its strongest suit; the falafel is flavorful and completely satisfying. The long line out the door of this cramped hole-in-the-wall shop speaks volumes. The Pomegranate iced tea was pretty good, but I'm not that keen on very tart, astringent flavors. If you are, it's worth a try. I can only think of one con, and it still wasn't enough for me to drop a star. Taim desperately needs more seating area! Aside from the 6 seats in the 9'x3' space, there are a few benches outside but no tables. It really kills the experience of eating a delectable platter when you have to hold the nice ceramic plate in your lap. Yelp's description of the 5 star rating as "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" couldn't be more appropriate for Taim.
Best falafel in NewYork, hands down.  Date & lime smoothie also a winner.  The only issue: the price.  Falafel is one of those foods where the price in NYC happily hasn't kept up with inflation over the years (i.e. in a lot of places it's about the same price is was in 1990.)  With their recent price increase that sends the price of a simple falafel sandwich (prob. 5-cents worth of chickpeas) around $7 it's cut my visits here by more than half.  The sandwich does weigh, like, a pound, but still...Especially when there's a line now, I don't bother waiting. Also, the harissa is the weakest of their 3 'flavors' so my tip is, if you like spicy, order the green with extra hot sauce!
I did Taim house with two Middle Eastern dwelling, Lebanese befriending, Hammus Loving, Khubus wearing people i call "Mom and Dad". They were in town for a holiday, and I took them to Tiam for dinner wit my sister, and man, they were really impressed. My Dad wasnt hungry, but one bite into my Falafel and he was in line ordering his own! Slightly hard to find, this place was tucked in an otherwise empty street, save for a religious center next door. Loved the chalked out menu, the three choices of Falafel, the perfect Israeli Salad, tasty Tahini, and the dude at the counter was a comical treat, ensuring that he mocks, teases and jokes at every patron walking thru! The Saffron covered fries is a must have here, and they serve as a fitting complement to their amazing Falafel sandwiches. I would have given it a 4.5, only because there's absolutely no seating, and the wait times a B@#$%, but would you really ding a tasty joint for those two criteria?
Met friends for a drink nearby, and they recommended Taim for a good, veggie-friendly dinner spot. I ordered the Harissa Falafal. It was quite possibly the best falafal I've ever had -  the falafal was soft and had just the right amount of spice without being too spicey. Am very rarely in the area but just might have to make a special trip back to get some more Taim!
I am not Vegetarian nor am I ever eager to try Vegetarian dishes but when I had my Falafel sandwich here at Taim, I was totally convinced that Vegetarian food can be delicious too! My boyfriend got the Falafel platter that contains 3 flavors of Falafel, hummus, tabuli, and some salad. It was utterly amazing. I myself ordered the Falafel (mildly spicy flavor) sandwich and it was so good! It is fried to crispy yet not greasy. They gave you plenty of tahini sauce and their Israeli pickles. I also got their home-made Pomegranate ice tea and it is so refreshing and fresh. The only bad thing about this place is there is a very limited seating area.
So I finally made it to this place, after many false starts.  Your first impression is that it's, well, small.  I kept my friend waiting there for a bit and as I walked in he gave me a dirty look from the window ledge where he was sitting and said, "I thought we were going to a sit-down restaurant" in that effortlessly grumpy French way. So yes, the place is small, but the food is fantastic.  We split a mixed falafel plate and the Mediterranean dish with roasted eggplant, babaganoush, and beets, all of which was delicious.  The hummus is on the mild side and not too garlicky (which may or may not be good depending on your taste/mood), and the falafel was really really good.  Actually I liked the "plain" falafel better than the red kind, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  Also be sure to have some baklava at the end!
The falafel is pretty freaking amazing here.  It was cold and windy but we still managed to make our way here.  It was worth the trek just to say I ate one of the best falafels in the country.  woot!
It is hard to say anything that hasn't already been said, so I won't even try.  The bottom line is this - if you are anywhere in the village and you want falafel, take a walk and go to Taim.  It is the place to go for falafel. After being featured on Bobby Flay's Throwdown, I was concerned it would change, but other than being way more crowded, the food is just as good.  Waiting an extra five minutes is worth it, trust me. My only other comment is regarding some of reviews here where they refer to this as cheap eats.  I don't consider $7 for a sandwich cheap - completely fair, mind you, but not cheap.  The prices here are totally reasonable and they deliver good value.  But once you add a beverage you are pushing $10 - again, absolutely fair, but not cheap. My advice?  If it's lunch time, you are hungry and you have $10 in your pocket?  Mozy on over for the best falafel in town and a drink.
This is one of my favorite spots in New York, and whenever someone asks me that brainracking question: "What's your favorite eatery in New York?" my mind picks Taim for the safest, most sincere reply. I love the Harissa falafel, how the hummus doesn't leave an aftertaste of garlic in my mouth, that the pita is warm and toasted (unlike at Maoz), and the incredible date, banana, and lime smoothie. Three flavors of falafels -- you can order a sampler of each, vegetables are always fresh, and prices are always more than reasonable, sandwiches are around $5. In the fall and winter, Taim also serves a mean bowl of soup. I had butternut squash there a few months ago, and it was just as flavorful as their falafels. I love this place!!
I never used to be a falafel fan but I was hooked when I tried Taim. Whenever I'm heading home from work and want a quick bite, Taim's the place. I usually opt for the GREEN (mint and parsley) falafel and it has never disappointed me.  One of these days I should really try the platter... just seems too much for me ;p
I went to Taim when it first opened and have been going ever since. Everything is extremely tasty. Beware - it's so good that every other falafel will pale in comparison.
Best falafel I've ever eaten!  And I am not even a fan of falafels.  They're usually too dry and taste-less to enjoy but Taim does the falafels just right.  First, Taim's falafels actually have flavor beyond oil and chickpeas.  There are 3 kinds of falafels you can get - Green, Red, and Harissa and I went with the Harissa - which is this falafel made from Tunisian spices according to the menu.  And you can definitely actually TASTE the spices instead of the chickpeas dominating everything else.  I want to try the Green next time because that is supposed to be made from Parsley, Mint, and Cilantro!  The falafel is about 5 bucks.  And you might not get a spot to sit inside - only 5 or 6 stools... Also - the pita bread was soft and fluffy and warm.  Not like Mamoun's where it seems they just got a bunch of generic pita bread from a grocery store.  Nothing is gonna drip or break thru this bread!  The veggies and tahini sauce they pile onto the pita make for a good balance.  The veggies add crispness and freshness and the tahini sauce offsets the carby ness of the falafel with some acid.  Oh, and they also put in some hummus slathered into the pita.  The portion of falafel is also good - you won't go one bite without getting some falafel into your mouth.  I also tried the fries and they were nothing to mention really.  The only different thing here is that the aioli sauce that comes with the fries is infused with saffron.  Which makes for a hint of uniqueness when you taste the sauce but not anything that truly amazes you.  Just get a falafel and enjoy!
Taim is a mere two blocks from my apartment. I once came here three days in a row. Twice I got the spicy harissa falafel sandwich with everything. I highly recommend it. The flavors are great together. The pita is soft but sturdy. Despite being heavily laden with food, it held together well. My only gripe is that personally, I like everything mixed evenly throughout and the salads/toppings are piled in on on top of another, so you eat through different layers of flavor. I have similar issues with burritos that aren't well constructed - one bite is all meat, the next mainly beans, another cheese, etc. The melding of different flavors is what makes it amazing! The second time, I tried to mix everything up a bit before eating. Much better in my opinion, albeit a bit sloppy. The third time that week, I just wanted a snack, so got the falafel sampling. I like my food spicy, so definitely liked the harissa best, but the traditional green falafel was a close second. Great, quick, affordable meal! I really need to try a smoothie soon. That looked delish also.
My favorite falafel place in city! They have three kinds of falafels.   If you are falafel lover, you should check out~ Cash only!!
About three years ago, I adopted an anglicized pronunciation of my name (da-ree-ni) over the original Indian one (dhaa-ri-ni), just because I wanted to avoid having to begin every first conversation with a new acquaintance with a brief session educating them on the nuances of certain exclusively-Indian syllables. I'll always be a softie for Taim, just because the friendly waitress sweetly corrected my pronunciation of MY OWN name when taking down my order :) The falafs themselves were warm and fresh, but a bit on the soft side - which might well be your cup of tea (or pocket of pita, heh), but I just like mine with a bit more crunch. I love that the sandwich was totally packed with them, so I had a nice mouthful of harissa-flavoured chickpea deliciousness with every bite - just when you think you've reached that sad, last little bit of the sandwich that's all salad and tahini, out come the surprise falafs! It's gluten free and completely vegan too, and left me with a fresh, light palate - none of the salty, oily heaviness that may be expected of deep-fried fast food. As far as I'm concerned, that makes these lovelies totally detox-friendly!
ive had a lot of falafels in nyc. im not a vegetarian. im a omnivore. so im relying on my tastebuds to tell me if a place is worth my time to write a review. well. TAIM lives up to the hype! i arrived at this place that's about the size of my living room and ordered the mixed falafel platter and a honey-ginger-mint lemonade. this meal hit the spot and was perfection. everything was so fresh from the pita bread with zatar on there, to the tabouli salad, to the homemade hummus, to the small but perfectly crisped falafel. so savory and the texture...it all goes so well together. it is indeed the best falafel ive had in nyc. also. i was there at 6PM on a saturday and it was empty. for a good 15 minutes. so i was able to sit and enjoy my meal. definitely check out TAIM for a delicious foodie experience.
Falafel AND smoothies? Must be a gimmick to get butts in seats, right? Well, joke's on you. They only have limited seating. And also, the food is quite good. I had the falafel sandwich with the mild hummus. Was surprised by how crisp and fresh the chopped veggies were (tomatoes, cucumbers, and something else green). The falafel was crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside and dripping in tahini sauce. If you like falafel, you need to come here! Cash only!
Everything I've had here has been excellent.  This is my favorite New York falafel. I recommend the harissa falafel--it has the most indulgent smoky-spicy flavor.  They are perfectly cooked--slightly crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside.  The pitas are excellent too!  I was afraid to try the whole wheat (whole wheat pita = cardboard) but I was pleasantly surprised at how fluffy it was. The eggplant sandwich is a heavenly mix of flavorful ingredients--and the hard boiled egg in it is unbelievable  (I always hate hard boiled eggs!).  However the sandwich is pretty much eggplant when you get down to the second half--which can be a little too greasy. The french fries are great, nice and browned.  Skip the aioli and get a little cup of tahini for dipping instead. The ginger mint lemonade is the perfect sweet treat to wash down the spicy falafel. On the whole, a satisfying and consistently excellent meal. Oh, and one last thing.  They used to serve the falafel with just israeli salad, but recently they've been putting a bit of cabbage in there.  Make sure you ask them to skip it.  It's not good.
I am a HUGE falafel person and this is just my place! I love to look up please to eat and this caught my eye or taste buds I should say. When I went with my mom I must admit I was a bit wary. But when I take one bit and I was a goner. The falafel are small, crisp and tender. The hummus is great as is the tabouli salad. Their  Ginger-Mint Lemonade is very refreshing and sweet. This is a GREAT place for you, friend and family!!!
I feel that a restaurant should not just be judged by food but also by the experience it provides. I felt that the food, friendly service and small size of the place were a perfect match. The falafel was very good but what sets it apart from other places I have been to was that you could taste more than thing in the falafel which I feel is a good thing. The pickled cabbage and sauce complimented it well. I do feel that they need to give something with the falafel for what you pay, but that is my own subjective opinion.
The falafel here is great. Nice and crispy outside, great flavor and moist inside. The green is my favorite but all of them are really good. A little on the pricey side, the mixed platter came out to $14+ with feta. But it was a ton of food and could probably fill two people
Skip the drinks. Was accidently given a pea-colored smoothie made w god knows what. Went back for my Rasp-Strawb-Thai-Basil smoothie (5.50) which was reddish juice at the bottom (weird), slightly frozen pink "smoothie" atop, which was barely sweet and melted in mins. And my friend's pom honey ice tea was good... the 1ST sip i tried at least. The 2nd was weird and sans pom flavor. I'd maybe try the food next time, but def not the drinks.
This tiny establishment has the best falafel sandwich ever.  The pita bread is absolutely delicious...crispy on the outside, doughy on the inside.  I always get the green falafel.   The smoothies are also excellent. I was skeptical about the date/banana smoothie which the person at the counter claimed it was their most popular and I was pleased to find that it was quite tasty!
Delicious felafel.  Cash only.  Delivers!
So good! Three types of falafel regularly with special flavored  ones on some days. Everything is so fresh and put together  the right way  for the best taste. No place to sit really but  the place is way worth the take out. They also have smoothies that are really good too.
This place is becoming one of my neighborhood go-tos for quick weeknight meals.  I'm not usually a falafel fan but I like the way they make 'em here.  Of the three falafel flavors (Green (herb blend), Yellow (harissa) and Red (red peppers)), I like Green best - nice blend of herbs.  I love their baba ganoush - thick, creamy and smoky.  The toasted pita that comes with it is substantial - fresh and doughy, topped with zaatar.  I wish it came with additional pitas without my having to order more since I always seem to run out of it when there's about half a container of baba ganoush left. The place itself is tiny, with maybe a total of 8 -10 seats so I typically pick up to-go.  Service is quick and efficient.
So good. An amazing feast for the whole fam. Cash only, so come prepared. And come hungry.
You can't find a good falafel sandwich in Burlington, so my wife and I were really excited to try this out when we came to NYC.   This was some of the best falafel I have ever had.  We tried the classic green and the harissa falafel sandwiches. Everything was great, down to the house made pita.  The falafel was fresh and plentiful in the sandwich and the veggies were crisp and the sauce delicious. The ginger mint lemonade was great as well.  The ginger wasn't overpowering or masked and it wasn't too sweet.  Looking forward to going back!
I love having money to spend on nice restaurants but it's so nice to not have to because of joints like Taim!! One of my top falafel picks for NYC. They've got huge sandwiches that are so tasty and French fries that make me happy. This is really great for those hot summer days. You can take your food, get a fresh smoothie and enjoy Washington park. It's tiny but that adds tothe ambiance. Call ahead to pick up order. The likelihood there will be room for you to te there is quite small.
Really fresh food, ambience is good. Cozy little place. Good location. Loved their falafel along with their hummus. Just enough seasonings. Spicy falafel was my favorite. Little falafels were easy to eat. Very good smoothies. Great for take out. Nice people. Everything is in great balance. No complains.
Around the corner from our new apartment and definitely a favorite! We had the falafel  and the sabich (eggplant) platter with extra babaganoush. The falafel were great, but I especially enjoyed the eggplant and the Marrocan carrots as a side. We also really liked the smoothies (date-lime-banana and mint-pear-lemon). The place is tiny with only a few seats (both inside and outside), so for a larger group takeout would be better.
I went to NYC for a few days with my husband and this was one of my favorite meals even though it was not fancy. We grabbed falafel sandwiches (mine with green "flavor" and I'm not sure what he had) before walking over to The Village Vanguard to listen to jazz. It was so damn delicious.
Flavored falafels are a staple in Israel so I have been told.  So I stopped by to fix my falafel craving. ROASTED pepper, traditional green and harissa were the choices.  I added on some carrots and of course got a smoothie.  Falafels are under $6 and fresh smoothies a mere $5. Great combo of food and fruit juice.  Yummy falafal on nicely toasted pita.  All fresh.  Owner let me taste the eggplant which was very cuminy.  Cute place in my fave walking around hood.
Taim is a place. They serve and make falafel balls and then they put them in things and then you eat them and then you finish them and then you don't eat them any more. For this they are good and so I recommend them for to go there and eat their falafels. If you don't want their falafels you can go to mammouns and eat their meats and/or falafels and have a different experience but I think not as good so therefore don't do that. I give them four out of eight falafel balls. Haiku: The best Falafel Wish they were open later Smoothies are good too.
Delicious falafel in a tiny space. How do they do it? I had the harissa falafel and it was a very generous portion. I had a hard time finishing it but it was so yummy I thought it'd be a crime to waste any of it. It was way too cold to try a smoothie but if it's as good as the falafel, I'll have to drop in when it's a bit warmer to try one.
Yum, yum, yum.  So grateful I live down the street to this gem of a place.  Having tried over dozens of falafel places in the city, it's safe to say Taim has the most fresh ingredients and innovative flavors.  It's hard to grab a seat, so come with a partner, one of you get in line and the other stake out a seat on the bench outside or counter inside.  Even the drinks are delicious - date, lime and banana smoothie and both lemonades.  Best falafel hands down is the harissa.
On her impromptu visit from South Florida, I decided I wanted to take my cousin to try some of the best Falafel NYC had to offer. Taim was a really good decision. It's tiny. You have to wedge yourself in between people to get to the end of the line, after you ask where that is. Don't worry, though, once you take a bite of that falafel, you'll totally forget about the limited space. We both had the mixed falafel platter. They have three different flavors: the traditional green, made with parsley, cilantro and mint, the red, with roasted red pepper, and the Harissa with Tunisian spices. We chose all three. They were fantastic, but my favorite is still the traditional. The balls were crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. The Harissa had a nice kick to it. The hummus was probably the best I've had - so fresh, creamy and tasty. The whole wheat pita was drizzled with olive oil and the perfect pinch of Za'atar, which I learned is a blend of Middle Eastern spices that often includes thyme, oregano, toasted sesame seeds and salt. The pita is also really soft and not the typical thin and drier version. It was my first time eating Tabouli and Israeli salad which were great accompaniments to the falafel. The establishment is cash only. Next time, I'll have to try a smoothie from here. I left Taim happy with a falafel craving completely satisfied.
The food? Spectacular and fresh. I would highly recommend the falafel platter (I'm gluten-free, but if I wasn't, the sandwiches for around 6 bucks looked good, too!) and the banana, lime and date smoothie. The falafel platter comes with gluten-free falafels (about 5 or 6), hummus, tabouleh (which I replaced with beets and those were delicious!) and israeli salad (which is cucumber salad). Really, really fresh and tasty. My only complaint is that this place is literally smaller than a shoebox. So tiny! There were barely any seats so my friend and I sat outside on the bench to eat. That was awkward, too because we kept dropping our forks and our food kept moving sideways. The benches were also quite crowded since other people squeezed in to eat their food too. My friend and I were joking that even the trash can was too small. So overall, I'd come back, but I would only do takeout. Excellent food, but very uncomfortable and awkward environment.
- falafels are NEVER my number one food choice.  ive heard this was the BEST place to get a falafel.. i gave it a spin.. - the horrible thing about getting a ridiculously good version of a food item, is that it raises the bar of what is acceptable.. i can never eat another crappy falafel ever again.. - i ordered the regular falafel and a strawberry, raspberry, thai basil smoothie.. - once i got the falafel, my face plowed right in.. munched down a few blocks til i realized that i was so engulfed in the falafel that i had forgotten my smoothie at the counter.. it was that good. - the smoothie was a bit watered down and the basil was so slight that it was a big disappointing.. but the falafel made up for it.. EDIT:: just went there yesterday again.. tried the harissa, added some hot sauce.. FABULOUSness... next time im going to pile on the other sauces... cant wait to go back again...
good shit!!! . Add an order of french fries with your falafel and your good to go. Don't expect seating. Well worth it. Good job ' Taim '
Best falafel in the city and you can NOT convince me otherwise. It's like finding nirvana. Shortest and most to - the - point five star review EVER.
Taim probably doesn't need anymore 5 star reviews, but here it is. What you read is true. Taim does what they do - as in falafel and smoothies - VERY WELL, especially the falafel part. It's a tiny little space with a big big presence - and you'll love every bit of the sandwich, platter, salad, whatever you decide to have. It's fresh, simple, fast, affordable (although cash only) and delicious. Oh - and you'll never even notice it's vegan - so much flavor. It's a weekly thing for me.
Wheat+Falafel+Everything+Spicy=Delicious!
the best. falafel's are amazing down to the mayo-free dressing on the cabbage salad. fries are yummy but even better is the saffron aioli that comes with them.  baklava is just the way i like it... perhaps a bit too much cinnamon but the crunch is perfect. super friendly staff... cash only... small, crowded... (we took our food to go both times), consistent... you have to wait a bit for your food but it's so worth it.
It isn't the best falafel I've had (so far that title goes to a place in Europe - closer to the origin I guess) but it is definitely one of the best in NY. The falafels are nice and crispy outside but fluffy inside and not greasy. I like the Harissa a lot even though it's not really spicy. Their fillings are also really good especially the cucumber salad. I wouldn't say they've elevated the falafel to gourmet status though. It's still a sandwich that's great to eat while walking or while sitting in the park. Perhaps if they expanded to include a decent sit-down area..? Either way, if you want great falafels this is the place to go.
Solid as usual. The falafel was cooked perfectly and you can really taste the flavors. All the vegetables and hummus was fresh. Service was good even though they were extremely busy. Will be back again. Never disappoints!
Nom nom nom. So I've never had a falafel before...let alone know what it was. And I have this pretty ignorant connotation of vegetarian food being bland, boring, and untasty. I will admit now that I was wrong. My sister and brother in law brought me here today. Quick tip: it's a small shop with extremely limited seating. If you're claustrophobic, I would recommend eating it elsewhere. After scanning the menu for a while (which included sandwiches, salads, platters, smoothies, etc), I decided on the simple green falafel sandwich on white pita and a cup of ginger & mint lemonade. The food was prepared quickly and the packaging was very good (no escaping fillings!). We sat down and ate our food on the benches in front of NYU Stern. The green flavor included mashed chick peas filled with cilantro, parsley, and mint. Simple and savory at the same time! Slightly crisp on the outside and dense on the inside. Everything mixed in so well together- the hummus, tahini, cabbage, and diced tomatoes and cucumbers. Who knew something like this could be so delectable?! They don't skimp out on the little fried balls either since you get 6-7 per sandwich. Next time, I'll be sure to get more hummus! Everything is gluten free, vegetarian or vegan, and fresh. I'm not a big fan of lemonade, but the mint and ginger really enhanced the drink making it less sour/acidic and more herbal/refreshing. I stole a few sips of the my sister's pear and mint smoothie too, which was tasty. Don't let the tiny shop fool you, it's packed with wholesome deliciousness. See for yourself!
This falafel is just as good as Bobby Flay said it was on Throwdown, which is how I heard of it.  The flavor of the green falafel sandwich was definitely by far the best falafel I've ever had (it blew Mamoun's away, for me).  I can't wait to go back.  I'd like to try everything there.
Packed little place on Waverly. I had the date, lime and banana which at first seemed like a terrible combination for a smoothie but it ended up being one of the best smoothies i've ever had. I also had the falafel sandwich which was great. The pita was perfectly baked and the falafel wasn't a ball of grease. I'll be back.
I would give Taim 4 1/2 stars if I could. Great place for fresh food. I wasn't such a huge fan in the beginning, thinking, wow this place is really overhyped, but I learned the secret, ask for your falafel spicy, and ask for a side of hot sauce. The falafel becomes ethereal. A side of fries with their aioli is a definite must as well. Also, eating their is best, I enjoy it much more than when I pick up, or have it delivered. My regular order is the red falafel (roasted red pepper) sandwich on wheat, spicy and a side of fries. This place is great for: A.) Wanting a falafel, or healthy alternative to your everyday sandwich B.) Quick service C.) Want to get to know the West Village better, as it's in one of the most confusing parts of the Vill. Overall, great quick cheap quality fresh eats.
Being a vegetarian in New York you inevitably end up eating an incredible amount of falafel. Of course once you are on a falafel journey through Manhattan you begin to compare and contrast as well as take references from fellow vegetarians and finding the absolute BEST falafel may become a true obsession. Being that I have no problem owning up to my own personal falafel addiction, I have literally been saving a trip to Taim for just the right moment. I had heard so many great things from others. The first two trips here it was simply too hot for chickpea fritters so I opted for a smoothie instead. Coincidently they ended up being the best smoothies I've had in the city. The banana, date, lime smoothie is icy, creamy, sweet perfection and with a scoop of protein powder makes a great lunch for us busy, busy New Yorkers. In fact, if this review was based solely on the smoothies I'd give them 5 stars! Of course after those tasty smoothies my expectations of the falafel sandwiches was raised even higher. Finally last night, when the sun was shining, I had a rare weekend off and I was ravenous from walking for hours through the city I decided that the perfect moment had arrived to finally try the mythical Taim falafel. Will you be sad when I tell you that it was just OK? Or horrified when I mention that the falafel was not as crisp as it should have been? Or that the pita tasted sort of mealy and old? Will you be crushed when I conclude that the whole combination of falafel, hummus, cabbage, and israel salad didn't really work in harmony, that the tomatoes in the israel salad were too sweet and it through everything else off balance? Will you feel my palate pain as I tell you that I finished the falafel sandwich and didn't want another one? Not that it was bad, or horrible. I've had much worse. But I've also had much better. 5 stars for the smoothies 2 stars for the falafel = 3.5 stars
I love the food here and the price is right.  It can get a bit busy and the wait is long but once you have your food you forget all about that. I love that they offer whole wheat pita and its super tasty.
Stop reading this review and just GO.  Literally, right now.  Turn off your computer/phone and walk over to Waverly. I eat here at least three times a week and could actually consume this food every day for the rest of my life.  It is that good, and absolute food heaven for a vegetarian. First time? Try the green falafel on a whole wheat pita with everything (all the sauces, pickles, etc.) and a brown sugar lemonade.  Feeling bold?  Try the harissa falafel or one of the daily specials.  A particularly good choice is the green olive falafel they sometimes have. The place is tiny - so either get your food to-go if it's crowded, or eat on the bench outside if the weather is nice.
Probably the best falafel in NYC! Not the cheapest, but it's gourmet falafel - you get hummus, israeli salad, cabbage, tahini, and a few other sauces in a $6.25 sandwich. Definitely worth it. The pita is warm and soft, the falafel balls are crunchy on the outside but creamy on the inside. On the side, I highly recommend the mint lemonade. Very refreshing! This location only accepts cash though, so keep that in mind. Also, it is tiny, so you'll most likely have to eat somewhere outside. The location in Nolita has more seating space.
Best falafel sandwich I ever had. The saibach (?) sandwich is really good too. The ingredients are so fresh and tasty  (they toast each pita bread on flames to order). This place has ruined other falafel places for me. The only con is the lack of seating/standing space, which makes eating a challenge in the winter.
The mixed falafel plate and the banana, date and honey smoothie are my favorites.  But everything on the menu is fresh and fantastic.
Great for a healthy grab and go in the village! Love their falafel sandwiches and plates. Great pita, three kinds of falafel, fast service. It's a very small space with a few seats at a window counter and one bench out front so definitely have a plan B of where to eat.
SABICHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH oh my god eggplant and egg aren't paired nearly enough. this is the greatest sandwich ever and the employees are really cute. sometimes it takes longer than I am accustomed to waiting for falafel but it is completely worth it and a very pleasant interior. mmmmmmmmmmmm
Did not disappoint.  The falafel sampler really lets you taste the distinct flavors of each type (we liked the red pepper one the best), and the tahini is terrific.  The roasted eggplant was absolutely fantastic--cooked just right!  Israeli salad was fresh and the lemon mint drink was refreshing (if a little sweet).  Lots of gluten free options as well.  And, most importantly, everything seemed really fresh and well prepared.  A little more $$ than some other falafel places, and there are only a few seats to speak of, but a great, fresh option.
This place is better than other falafel places, but it's not thaaat good, cmon. It has no kick, it is bland. The line is long...drinks are over priced. Food could have more flavor. This place could be better.
My favorite falafel of all time. I love this spot so much and it feels like clean eating
IN LOVE. truly, madly, deeply in love with the food here. having lived in israel for a year, ive got the standards on my falafel set pretty  high, but this place was so yummy i forgot what country i was in, what year it was, the name of the guy i went with. ... i definitely count this in the food-coma category. the only drawback: i wish there was more room in the place so i could induce the coma at my own pace. eating in such a cramped place does not encourage lingering. just sayin, the experience might have been more fun if i could just stay a while and chill with my F.balls.
Best falafel place in NYC. Tasty hummus and pita, delicious salads. and the smoothies are GREAT.
absolutely the best. not just the best falafel but the other menu items (fries with saffron aioli, smoothies, etc.) are also stand-outs. whenever i'm in the area, taim cannot be missed.  even if i am in no way even vaguely hungry and am on my way to a dinner date with adriana lima, i stop and eat.
Best falafel in New York City! Great value for money. This place never disappoints. Unfortunately, not enough seating space but you can expect to get food  in 5 minutes since line moves quickly.
I've gotten food from here probably 50 times. Simply the best felafel sandwiches I've ever had. Get the hot sauce in it and the carrots as a side dish. Call in your order or be prepared to snuggle up to everyone else on line inside the place. Also consider where you will eat because it's virtually always too crowded to eat in!
I love a good falafel, and this place hits the spot! When I got here, the line was out the door, but that's not saying much because this place is tiny. There was a good amount of people, and the wait wasn't too bad. I ordered a green falafel sandwich, and enjoyed a ginger mint lemonade on a super tiny counter in front of the door. The ginger mint lemonade was very refreshing! I loved the taste of the combo. The falafel and hummus were both excellent and fresh. I can't describe how good it was, so let's just say I pretty much inhaled it and walked out. Thank you Taim for a wonderful meal!
"Taim" in Hebrew means tasty. This place doesn't disappoint.
Some of the best falafel I've ever had, hands down, everything is really fresh. And you can get a whole wheat pita which is nice. And you can get said pita packed with a lot of stuff without it falling apart. It's tasty, fresh, and sturdy. The smoothies are delicious, too. The staff is super friendly. It's a tight space so I usually get it to go but the food is consistently awesome.
What's to say other than best falafel in NYC.
GREAT falafel (three kinds to choose from) and the smoothies are winners too.  It's true that falafels are meant to be a quick, on the go thing, but I wish this place had more seating. It's tiny. I'm willing to forgive though.
This is the best Falafel place in the city.  No eating inside, so only go on a day you can stand to eat hot food outside, or order as take out.  One Falafel is a meal for under $6!
I finally went to Taim! After reading all the reviews and dreaming about yummy falafel especially with my last bad experience (yelp.com/biz/P7oBOorjqta…)... I was ecstatic to find that Taim was DELICIOUS! I ordered the Harissa falafel pita. It was absolutely delicious. The pita was perfectly fluffy and just salty enough. The sauce was very tasty and just the right consistency. The hummus in the sandwich was nice and smooth. I just know that I will be going back very very soon for some yummy falafel! Just a little cramped, only about 7-8 stools in the place and a counter along the window and sides.
This tiny kosher falafel spot offers up three kinds of the fried chickpea balls, and all are made to order: traditional, red pepper and spicy harissa.  Pitas are warm and the platters present huge portions.   The perfect compliment to a sandwich or platter of fried tastiness is one of their signature smoothies; the cantaloupe and ginger one has a pleasant bit but the liquefied cantaloupe doesn't have a ton of flavor; a better bet is the strawberry, raspberry and thai basil smoothie. Best falafel in the city in my opinion.
It is not a gourmet meal by any stretch of the imagination and no, I haven't been to the Middle East to taste "truly authentic material" so as to establish an informed position on the age-old falafel debate. However, having been to Taim more times than I care to remember, each occasion has been the embodiment of this eater's elation. Whether I am cradling a common falafel in my hands that does runneth over with hummus and other delights or caressing the more substantial sabich sandwich with egg and eggplant (the most heavenly of combinations), I am always transported into a meditative state in which I am one with the sandwich before me. While at college, I would make the perilous trek from the Upper West Side to this spot in order to obtain a takeout, so as to relieve my reading-related anguish. It was at this spot that I obtained the most valuable education of all - enlightenment regarding The Ways of the Falafel. While that may be a bit of a stretch, the food is - on average - fantastic and is certainly worth a brief (or not so brief) detour. The location itself is tiny (for all intents and purposes there is no practical seating) and at peak hours you can expect to wait for the aforementioned delights, but the camaraderie in the line will soon buoy your spirits and, before you know it, you'll be shouting out your order, stammering under the pressure of which falafel ball flavor you'll be committing to for this particular outing. Conclusion: This review is irrelevant as there are already 900 other positive reviews. It is clear that you have already convinced yourself that you will be going there shortly but are merely reading these reviews to ease yourself into the falafel-induced euphoria that will inevitably follow. Smart move, dear Yelper, smart move.
Heaven in a pita wrap.  Puts everywhere else to shame.
Only improvement would be more seating, but that's probably what keeps the cost so reasonable. Delicious falafel pitas - fully packed and fairly flavorful.  Quick service. Would definitely go back.
I went here with a Jewish friend who can only eat kosher food. When I mentioned to her that I have found a place that is cheap, very good and delicious and did I mention cheap, she was like, "You are totally lying. I can not believe that any place like that can exist especially in the city". Needless to say, she was extremely impressed and will be bringing ppl here again. Btw, every time I have come here, it is PACKED but then again, it is such a small restaurant that it would be hard not to be. Btw, I totally recommended the Brown Sugar Lemonade and the Green Mint Tea (?). Those are totally the best drinks in that place.
This West Village eatery may be small and cute, but it sure puts out some great falafel and other great eats! They have three different types of falafel (green, roasted pepper, and harissa), all small, densely packed, crispy and richly flavorful - they're so small and crispy that you almost want to pop them in your mouth like little snacks - they also come with a great tahini sauce. But Taim isn't just about the falafels, check out some of their other small eats, sandwiches, and fun smoothies too!
Best falafel in the city!
I got the harissa falafel, it was very good, the thing that really completed the sandwich was the lime or lemon juice type sauce used in the cabbage. I also go the side of falafel balls so i could try the other two kinds. The red pepper one was my favorite, total was just under 10$, there is only enough room for about 7 skinny people to sit in here but there are 2 benches out front. It is hard to find, it's just down that darker street.
The best falafel in NYC, and possibly, in America. Get the harissa.
4.75 stars!  though i'm only holding back that quarter of a star because i'm still in some state of shock from experiencing something so wonderful, so yummy, so great.  was it a dream?  was it merely stars aligning?  could perfection truly be found in a simple falafel?   no more doma for me (sadly?), not with you just around the corner.
I have nothing bad to say. I could eat these falafel pita sandwiches every week. Ok, fine, I kind of do. I prefer the red sandwich, but the green is also yummy. They pair unique flavors in the smoothies and they're all refreshing and amazing. Oh, and the aioli saffron and fries?! So. good. that my boyfriend and I actually hide it from each other. Delicious with fast delivery to boot.
Returning like a moth to the fire, a crack fiend for another rock, I had to satiate my desire for more Taim after trying it for the first time. This time, I order the fried eggplant (Sabich) platter and what a huge plate of food. Pieces of eggplant topped with a slices of hard boiled egg in a crater of hummus, cucumber salad, bright orange carrot salad, and three very different condiments on the side. I would suggest the "yellow" sauce on the carrots, the sweet on sweet. Then, the tahini on your pita. And the pita is prepared differently with spices and oil toasted on it. Then the hot sauce on your eggplant and hummus. With the mixture of all these elements, you might overwhelm yourself because the platter is big enough for two people. It also can get quite sloppy, especially when you're shoved into a corner of the low capacity restaurant. Try out the platter, but I would first suggest the sandwich. It's way more compact and neat, allowing you to properly enjoy all the flavors of Taim.
Amazing sabich sandwich and fries, SO good!
i'm pretty cautious in giving out "5 star ratings" but this place is well deserving. at Taim they offer 3 different varieties of falafel -- and all 3 are AMAZING! you have the "Green" which is traditional falafel; the "Red" which has roasted red peppers (my personal favorite), and the "Harissa" that is spicy (the spice kicks in after you swallow) -- and all of them are cooked to perfection. this is important, because a lot of restaurants that serve falafel overcook them so it's nearly a dark, burnt brown on the outside -- which never tastes good. but rest assure at Taim you'll get perfectly cooked falafel every time! now on to the hummus, it was the best i've ever had since traveling through Israel -- i mean seriously my mouth is watering just thinking about the hummus. the babaganoush was not good but not great, it had the same consistency as the hummus, and i prefer my baba to be more grainy. now let's talk the pita -- holy cow these were incredible! they are fluffy and delicious and they brush them with olive oil (or so i think) and sprinkle on zata'ar, my favorite Israeli spice so it's just a home run of flavors in your mouth. all-in-all this place is absolutely fantastic and i'll be back -- the service is very friendly, the wait is short and the food doesn't get better than this!
Best falafel I've had in Manhattan. Fresh, creative flavors and delicious. If you like spicy food, try the harissa falafel.
"VEGETARIAN FOOD IS FOR PUSSIES" ~Me... BEFORE eating at Taim. For my carnivorous friends: It's awesome. Just try it. It's so cheap so if you don't like it, throw it out; it costs beans. Even if you're an ultra macho dude-bro who thinks "Vegetarian food is straight pussy". STILL. Fckn eat it. Plus, chicks like guys who eat pussy. So just try it. The vegetarian food. At Taim.
I have seen her battle Bobby Flay and I have always wanted to eat her falafels. I finally got the chance -- they were fantastic!  Wow!  We got the combo platter -- eat falafel was great.  We also got a salad combo.  Salads were good.  I should have just eaten more falafel, though. The place is REALLY small.  SO GOOD, though.
...An excellent handful, the falafel sandwich hit with spot on flavors in every bite. Earthy, aromatic, richly seasoned falafels were soft and generous on the inside with just a shell of fried crunchiness on its exterior. The vegetables were cool and crisp, and whatever else they threw in the perfectly toasted pita bread was just outstanding....
My first food stop on a recent trip to NYC.  Great counter service.  Super friendly staff.  Just don't expect to be able to eat in or around this joint during the busier hours.  Get it to go and find yourself a comfy spot somewhere in the area.  One of my favorite sandwiches in America.
Falafel was awesome. Fresh and tasty. The ginger mint iced tea was okay however overpriced for what it was. The only qualm I had was with the French fries that had about 4 pounds of salt on them and didn't taste all that great. However, despite this I would return in a heartbeat.
Believe the hype... it really is that good! Really nothing more is needed for this amazing place.
i love Taim, although I guess everyone else does too. They have 3 different kinds of falafel, i prefer the cilantro kind personally. Sandwiches are nicely sized and affordable and they also have decent chai. They do close kind of early though (I'm sure i'm not the only one in the west village who has midnight cravings for falafel) and the line during dinner hours can long.
THE BEST IN ALL OF NYC! Wish they had more seating though...
WOW. I just ordered falafel, a banana-lemon-date smoothie, and a walnut dessert thing (go big or go home right......) and everything was AMAZING. I love falafel and have ordered it from tons of places around the city, but Taim's hands down is the best. It is fresh and not has thick as other places tend to make them. The smoothie was so good also. And the prices aren't bad. Paying for quality is something I'm definitely okay with.
I might have to agree.  This probably is the best falafel I've had in New York.  I had the Harissa falafel, and it was great. There are five stools inside and a few tables out on the sidewalk.  There can be a 5-10 minute wait, but it's really good!  You can get white or wheat pita, and optional hot sauce.  I liked the ginger-mint lemonade I bought alongside the falafel. You can get it to go as well as to sit on the nearby sidewalk. Worth going every day for a week.  And great tabouleh and hummus as well.
wow.wow.wow. I am a big fan of anything ball shaped, and when you add feta cheese, tahini sauce, and ground up fried chick peas i am one happy gal. This place really does a great job of adding a unique flavor to a very traditional food. Be cautioned, however, it can get very spicy. There is basically no sitting room so make sure you have a good idea of where you are in the village so that you can find a seat. All in all 5 balls for this place!
Can't really figure out what all the excitement is about.  The falafels are just okay. The ordering experience is a mini-nightmare.
Delish! Just wish there was actual seating and it wasn't a total take out place.
Fresh & Fast! The falafal sandwich is filled with your choice of falafel, hummus, lettuce, cucumbers, and tomatoes. The Red falafel (not spicy) has roasted red peppers, while the Green falafel (not spicy, traditional) had parsley, cilantro, and mint. Personally, I liked the green falafel, it had a more defining flavor, probably because of the herbs. The ginger mint lemonade tasted mostly like ginger, not something I liked. The pomegranate and honey iced tea had a unique taste; it was sweet and had a defining tea flavor. The place is small and crowded, but the service is a well-oiled machine, expect your order in minutes. But, make sure to be there when your name is called.
This is the best falafel I have ever had. They make fantastic sandwiches and smoothies!
The guy who runs the place and the woman who works there are horrible. They treat you like crap if you don't put enough money in the tip jar. ENOUGH. Let them pay the kitchen workers a fair salary instead of letting the customers fill in. This is not waiter service, it's a dump of a tiny place where you're stuffed in waiting for your food to arrive. Nothing that neccessitates a tip. Try not tipping and see the reaction you get. I won't patronize this dump again. I hope they go out of business, but judging by the reviews I'm in the minority. By the way, the falafels are good, but not great, and way overpriced.
I come here all the time to eat. From all three of taim locations this is the best once. inside is very small and never any place to site. But food is never disappointing.  Whole weet falafel sandwich is a must try
You know that line in Remember the Titans when Sunshine flips the linebacker bumrushing him from the right side, then Petey comes by and says, "That's a badddd whiteboy..." Well, same thing here except substitute whiteboy for falafel and Sunshine for Taim. Probably the worst analogy but I that's just how I do. I've been here once, on the suggestion of a friend. "Best falafel ever." Small, cozy little shack and I notice that they serve falafels and smoothies. Strange combination. What about a falafel smoothie? That sure would get some juices flowing. But back to the food, you get 3 choices, all of which I forget. I stuck with the far one on the left of the menu. Perfect. Usually falafels make me run to the local pizza parlor and ask for 2 slices, just to satisfy my hunger. Not here. After I devoured my piece, I ran over to the local watering hole and got plastered. One of those nights. And yes, this falafel will do that to you.
Really really good stuff here. Get the eggplant sandwich thing with a banana date smoothie, those two items pown everything else.
Went today for the first time, and love this place.  Adorable spot, adorable block.  Am a big fan of University Falafel on 12th and University, but it's closed early on Fridays, so I tried Taim.  Perfect falafel.  "Flavors" without being ridiculous and trendy, perfect seasoning and garnishes (I asked them to add pickles, which they graciously did).  Super nice staff.  Cozy and lively place.  Eat-in is just a handful of bar-style perimeter seats, but was fine for a quick bite.  Looking forward to going back for the somewhat overpriced but lauded Date-Banana-Lime smoothie.  And that will be soon.  Love!
Yummy falafel and the ginger mint lemonade is well worth the price. Such a special and delicious place. Must must go!!
This is the first falafel I've had that comes close to the mother of all falafel- Dada Falafel in Berlin. Oh, Dada Falafel, how you made my life in Berlin infinitely better and my waistline quite a bit plumper. How many lunches, dinners, and post-boozing falafels I consumed in four short months, I will never know. All I'll remember is the bliss I felt every time I bit into one of those delectable pitas... Aaaanyway. Like the love of my falafel life, Dada, Taim's falafel is super fresh and has plenty of tasty sauces and sides to spice it up. They also layer everything in the pita nicely, so that you get a little bit of falafel, Israeli salad, sauces, and pita in each bite. I'm a little conflicted about the bread- on the one hand, I've never had such soft, airy, tasty bread. It is SO fresh. I wish I could have it at every meal. However, I don't know if I love it with falafel. I think it might overshadow the falafel a little bit. I have to go back and see how I feel about this. One reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because it is so damn tiny in there. I was lucky to snag a little stool, but even then, people were bumping into me. Oh well. The friendly staff makes up for it.
Best Falafel in all of NYC. Hands down. This place is amazing.
This is the best falafel in the city, and that includes Azuri Cafe.  Taim's is moist on the inside with plenty of add-ons. The only trouble is that this place is so tiny that it can be tough to accommodate the line of people waiting for take-out as well as people dropping in to order and those staying to eat in at the four or five chairs they have.
This place was me and the boyfriend's first stop for our first day in our NYC visit.  It was a bit difficult to find, seeing as to how we took the subway and relied on a map to help us find our way.  Eventually, after a couple wrong turns, we found the place.  It was quite smaller then I thought it would be, and DEF not much room to dine-in. The place is cramped and I was just happy that I did not come during a rush.  They have a pretty good menu selection going on and I did not feel rushed.  After making our selection, the food was made pretty quickly and we actually were able to grab a couple seats on the little bar. The place has a modern feel and is very clean.  The employees seem happy to be there and are quick.  Lastly, the food was great! Now only of the place was a little bigger so I didn't feel claustrophobic ... then I would give it the 5th star back. None-the-less the lack of seating will not stop me from visiting this place once again on my next visit to the city.
There are very few things in life that I will wait in line more than 10 minutes for and falafel isn't one of them.   Fortunately, I only waited about 2 minutes to get my overstuffed pita.  The falafel balls themselves aren't any better than Mamoun's but Taim's salad and hummus justifies the premium. While I can easily eat pork on a daily basis, sometimes it's good to throw in some veggies in the diet.  All veggies should taste this good. Cheers! N.
There's so many things to say about this place and they are all great things.   The place is a hidden gem situation in a small street lined with trees so it would be hard to find but they have the Taim banner hanging high & proud.  As well it should be. The place was packed- no tables but stools and a small counter lining the window facing the street.  There's also a bench outside which was packed as well.  We were able to squeeze in and place our order & had to step outside to wait.   We were lucky to grab some counter space inside when our food was ready.  I'm not exactly sure what all the names of the food we were eating but everything was just lovely prepared and tasted heavenly. The eggplant was lightly fried, the hummus as fresh, the Falafel very tasty, the dips were unique, the pitas fresh and fluffy with an herb seasoning on top which makes you want to eat all by itself.  Best fries ever- light, tasty and came with a spicy dip.   To top everything off, we got baklava and a pistachio version.  I love the nutty and flakiness of baklava but the pistachio was even better. The best vegetarian food I've ever had.
Brilliant dishes. Service (not to mention seating!) could improve, but the falafels and speed of service are outstanding.
Bookmarked on 1/8/2009.... I finally make my way to Taim's over a year later! It was a perfect fall sunday afternoon and I decided to try the falafel I had seen long ago seen on Bobby's throwdown. I've been a Mamoun's fan for years, but I was excited to see what the rave was all about. My friend was meeting me there, and she had saved us a seat on the 1 of 2 benches, which was perfect since the line was out the door (3 o'clock on a Sunday, yes). So I had a place to wait while my food was being prepared. I ordered the mixed falafel platter - easy choice for a newbie, you get to taste 2 of each "flavor" falafel balls, the hummus, pita, tabouli and israeli salad.... all unbelievable and cooked to order (the things that need to be cooked.) The falafel is not greasy, very flavorful... soooo good! I also got the strawberry raspberry thai basil smoothie, excellent and refreshing. So why 4 stars? It was packed inside (expected) but very unorganized. I tried to ask the people behind the counter some questions about the falafel - is the harissa really spicy? and they were rude and went to the next person since it "appeared" I wasn't ready. They asked me "to stay or to go" and I said to stay. My food came out on huge glass/porcelain plates. It was so hard to eat it outside on the benches/curbs. I would have much rather gotten the togo boxes everyone else had... I didn't realize that's what they meant when they were asking to stay! Also, there are a variety of toppings you can get with the platters and sandwiches. Some cost extra and some are free. When my food came out, I asked for pickles (free). The guy sighed loudly and said it would be $4.00 for pickles. When i pointed to the sign that said it was free he told me since I didn't order them with my meal he would have to "prepare the pickles" so he needed to charge me. Keep in mind, this conversation is in front of a crowd of annoyed, waiting, customers so I was a little embarrassed. I just said forget it and left with my food...a little confused. Other than the service, the food was amazing. Highly reccomended
Mmmmm this place is bomb for sure. Couldnt wait to try it since I heard its the same owner as Balaboost (havent confirmed that) and I love their hummus. Always a line out the door. The falafel sandwiches are sooo good. Great falafel and pita bread. The hummus is a little boring I think. I prefer the green or spicey falafel sanwich with everything on it. I appreciate that the falafels are gluten free too. Get it delivered! It will get there faster than if you wait in line. I would give it 5 stars but its cash only, which is annoying.
Best. Falafel. Ever. Period. I've been going here for years and now the secret it out. But as long as I can always get my favorite falafel with toppings and fries (with the spicy sauce), i'm ok with everyone knowing about it. Luckily, the truck has come along and I can get Taim whenever I want. In fact, craving it now....
happy to find this off the strip...seems like a little treasure
I wish there was a "Not Cool" button for all the reviewers (albeit few in number) who gave this place less than 4 stars--- especially when those reviews base it on something so seemingly unrepresentative as the quality of one type of smoothie on the ONE occasion they happened upon this place. NOT COOL. A self-imposed Yelp commandment of mine is: Thou shalt not negatively review a place of which you only know one dish. It's simply unfair. On to the actual review... I am really glad I met you, Taim. We first met at a Truck Food Rally, shortly after I had moved to New York from California. What a welcome. Needless to say, I fell in love with New York. Though the truck is never anywhere convenient for me to patronize, I can always count on this falafel/smoothie bar to fill me up with delicious middle eastern yumminess. FOOD: Probably the most-ordered item (not just by me) on the menu is their falafel sandwich. They offer three uniquely delicious kinds of falafel that vary in spices and spiciness so try them all for yourself, but traditional (green: parsley, cilantro, mint) is my favorite. Freshly fried to perfection, these falafels are complemented by creamy hummus that should win Best Supporting Condiment in some award show, cabbage salad and tahini. Their sabich sandwich (fried eggplant and hardboiled egg) is equally delicious. The eggplant is so soft and giving that what looks like it would be messy to eat, ends up not being much of a struggle. DRINKS: At $5.50-- nearly the same price as the sandwiches---these smoothies are slightly too expensive for me to enjoy every time, but they're definitely worth the price. Deny yourself one beer next weekend to justify a smoothie :) If you don't feel like splurging for a smoothie, treat yourself to a ginger mint lemonade. This is in face my drink of choice. I am such a big fan of ginger drinks, and Taim does this very well. LOCATION: 6 bar stools and a bench outside. Nothing fancy. Take your stuff to go or wait for a seat (everyone is courteous and usually leaves promptly after devouring their food).
This place serves my favorite kind of food, and they serve it well.  All three kinds of falafel are delicious, as are both types of pita bread (wheat or white).  All the salads are superb as well--I love the tabouli.   It took me far too long to try this place, but since I did, I seem to be here weekly.
Amazing Falafels!
5 stars for the consistently good food but minus 1 star for being too touristy/crowded, hot (no airconditioner) and the smoothie was not as good as advertised.
I am pretty picky about my falafel so I thought this place was ok, but I really would rather go elsewhere.  I tried the different types of falafel they offer and they were just ok, nothing special, and thought the portion sizes could be bigger (though it's in a prime location so I'm sure rent is ridiculous).  The hummous was really underwhelming--it was creamy...enough, but not flavorful enough, but overall, it just wasn't that good.  The cucumber and tomato salad was completely forgettable, albeit fresh, and the tabouleh was good.  The pita was forgettable as well...so yea, overall, just mreh. It's always packed though so lots of others enjoy it!
Normally falafel round here are about $3.  Taim's falafel are $7.  Are they worth it?  Yes, completely absolutely yes.  Best falafel in the area by a mile.  Different league to the overrated mamoun's and the better-but-empty place opposite mamouns.   Taim's sabich sandwich is great too. If I'm gonna be super-picky, the smoothie should have been a bit smoother, there were a few eighth-of-an-inch lumps of banana & fig at the bottom.  But I'm not gonna be super-picky, so here's 5 stars :)
I wasn't even particularly hungry when I walked in, but I devoured my Harissa felafel pita like it was the first meal I'd had in weeks. Amazing.
The first bite of Taim's crunchy green falafel with creamy hummus, fresh Israeli salad and fragrant tahini sauce all beautifully held together with pillowy whole wheat pita made me think, "what in god's name was a eating before this?!" I was brainwashed to think that falafel was Middle Eastern fast food that cheaply filled you up when you were on the run. WRONG. I savored every bite of that perfectly made meal. I refreshed with ginger mint lemonade which paired so well with my falafel. Taim, thank you for reeducating me and can you please open a place on the east side? Pretty please?
Ask for everything on the falafel and the baklava!
This is without a doubt the best falafel I've had in NY.  It is pricier that Mamoun's but definitely worth it.  The only falafel I thought was better was at L'As du Falafel in Paris. If I was rating Taim only for the food, I would give it 5 stars.  Since the place is so small, it is not the most comfortable dining experience.  The great taste however will quickly make you forget the crowds.
Falafel and associated derivatives, the hummus and the salads etc Are my favorite food. Taim is tasty enough and almost lives up to my expectations, but never exceeded it... The service is mediocre at best, and the experience in general doesn't seem to justify the typical trouble of waiting on the line. I  am happy for all those who love it, but I can't honestly say that this establishment is worthy of perfect or even near perfect score. As Larry David would scoff: eh!
Sooo delicious!! My favorite is the Sabich Platter. mmmmm... i could eat it every day! They put a lot of love in their food.
Taim is a gem.  There are plenty of falafel / middle eastern aces to eat in manhattan. Most are mediocre.  But yelp got this restaurant reviews CORRECT.   The food is amazingly good and fresh. Had the falafel platter. The falafel is not hard and crunchy. But nice and moist with a crisp exterior. The humus tabouli salad and pita was excellent.  You need to visit this spot!
Falafel is good. French fries are good. Saffron ailoi is good. Their hot sauce is great. Ginger lemonade is great. Moderately priced, but well worth it.
Totally worthy of the hype. The Green & Harissa falafel are both PERFECT (didn't try the third flavor), and they go so, so perfectly inside the whole wheat pita, with hummus, tahini drizzle and pickled cabbage. My boyfriend ordered the baba ganoush sandwich stuffed with Israeli salad & tabouli, which was also delicious. I love that the menu is clearly marked with which items are vegan, and which contain egg/dairy (all are vegetarian). After ordering, the wait was kinda long for a grab-and-go type place, but whatever. Definitely worth it, and fair prices, as well. Just amazing!
I was so disgusted when the worker handling food with his gloved hands actually put his gloved hand in his jeans pocket and pulled out his cell phone either texting or checking something several times and then using that SAME GLOVED HAND to touch the pita.  Do you know cell phones are dirtier than toilets?  Unacceptable and plain disgusting.  And they put tap water into the smoothies.  I saw the worker making one and he kept adding tap water to the blender.
They are small, they are busy, they are cash only, but the food is great. I like their falafel sandwich is my favorite!
Taim serves up incredibly delicious and nourishing vegetarian sandwiches.  I had the Sabich sandwich with eggplant, hard-boiled egg, hummus, and pickled veggies with tahini sauce, and it was out-of-this-world good.  The pita bread was warm and fresh, and the sandwich was the most filling vegetarian sandwich I've ever had.  They do an excellent job of mixing the ingredients too so that you get a bit of everything in each mouthful.  I had my sandwich with a ginger-mint lemonade that was refreshing and pleasantly sweet.  Seating is tight and cramped but well worth the food.
Amazing falafel and very fresh ingredients. Love the green and Harissa falafel, as well as the Greek Salad.
traditional middle eastern foods, just enough seating for 3, can get cramped (just by the takeouters), but the food is fantastic, i luv those pita/egg/curry looking sauce with pickled marinated veg. and the olijven as we say in dutch.
I personally don't think that they have the best falafel in the city, but I still think it's very good. You can taste how fresh the ingredients are plus they have good combinations of flavors you can choose from. I also like the plates with hummus. I will definitely get their quinoa salad next time! Service is fast too, but they fancy it up by giving you nice plates and silverware to use. Nice touch.
My first time at Taim and, although my review will undoubtedly be colored by previous Yelps, I will say that this is likely the best falafel I've ever had. Three types of falafel, a variety of free toppings, and relatively fast service (for on-the-spot fried falafel, at least) make this a winner over Pita Joe and Maoz. Note that my friend and I only tried the falafel--Maoz's salad bar is bar none (sorry for the pun) the best and most extensive. If you like extra crispy falafel, Maoz might be your best bet. Pita Joe is great for its location and excellent (people watching-conducive) seating. The only downside to Taim was probably the utter lack of seating. Thankfully, the weather cooperated and the sidewalk sufficed. Bottom line: if you want a falafel with complex flavor (harissa!) and a supreme balance of textures, make this your next falafel destination.
Pretty tasty.   I got the falafel sandwich with Harissa.  I would go here again.   The sandwich is pretty good and is moist and tasty.
Taim is a great place to get a damn good, sloppy felafel. I usually just go for the traditional recipe felafel sandwich, but they have a couple of other unique "flavors". This is nothing spectacular, but it is quite tasty and fresh.
Their falafels are so good, but the banana date smoothie is amazing!! This place is super tiny, can't really eat here but perfect to grab and go to the park. Yum!
My girlfriend and I had been craving Falafel for a while after I told her about my first Falafel experience at Orlin (which was great!)  We decided to find a place that specialized in it and so we came upon Taim.  We got up early trekked into the city, got lost on our way to the place, but eventually found it and got our sandwiches. This was her first Falafel sandwich so she got the traditional and I got the Harissa (spicy Tunisian blend).  Bottom line?  We were blown away.  This sandwich definitely blew Orlin's out of the water.  This one was made perfectly, seasoned flawlessly and was packed with all the fixtures that make an incredible Falafel.  I downed mine in about 5 minutes and seriously contemplated buying another, but I didn't. We went around 11:30 and it wasn't too packed and actually had a few open seats.  The rest of the day we just talked up this place as if it was some sort of secret that we didn't want people knowing about.  But everyone should know about this place.  It's amazing!  The only reason for the 4 stars is that we only got the Falafel sandwiches to go and didn't try anything else.  Their menu is huge and I will definitely be going back to try some of their eggplant meals, salads, and smoothies! UPDATE: I'm updating an original review of mine from when I first tried Taim. This place is still my go to for the best falafel. Prices have gone up some, but quality is still there. I've also had the Sabich and some of the Smoothies and have loved them all. They also now have a truck that is out and about in the city, but I found the falafel to be dry and tasteless.  I would stick with the brick and mortar establishment for quality.
Was slightly disappointed seeing as how high the ratings are for this place but the food overall was pretty good. Got the green falafel pita - certainly not the best I've ever had but not anywhere near the worst either. Also got a pineapple and coconut smoothie which tasted fine but I wished it was a little more substantial and thicker. If you're need of a quick bite (especially if you're vegetarian) I'd recommend this place - although don't necessarily expect to find a seat! I think this place deserves a second visit but as of now I'm not overly impressed.
Very good hummus, overall I had a very delicious falafel that made me full. They have benches outside and its worth stopping by again.
My favorite Israeli place in NYC. I come back for more every time I'm there. Beware, it's a tiny little place with about mehh....6 stools and bar stand. You order, turn around and eat. Nothing fancy about it, but their food is definitely the yummiest around. this time I tried the fried eggplant sandwich and let me say, it's phenomenal! Definitely visit Taim when in the Village :)
Being the 97th person that calls Taim the best falafel they've ever had won't mean much really. But, that's the plain truth and if you're looking for pure falafel (unlike Mamoun's or others where the best option ends up being the shawarma) you get your choice of Harissa (my favorite, tunisian spices),  Green (traditional, cilantro) or Red (roasted red peppers) and you can't really go wrong with either. Fries, salads, combos are just as good. Add a thai basil smoothie (or any other for that matter) and you're bound to come back for more.
We were wandering and stumbled across this place, around the corner and down the street from a more conspicuously located restaurant. Boy were we glad we skipped the other place and checked out Taim. I had the Harissa and damn that was tasty. We also had smoothies and some dessert thingamabobs which were similarly excellent. Kind of expensive and yes there's just a bar by the window to eat at but it's still great.
simply the best falafel in NYC!!!
This place is solid. Seriously seriously solid. Waiting for a while to eat a falafel in the middle of the day though? I can't bear myself to do it. I would rather go to Mamoun's, pay half price, and get half the ingredients. Also, Azuri Cafe in Hell's Kitchen has a considerably better one for about the same price, AND you get to watch the owner yell and throw shit. That counts for something, right?
Taim aka delicious in hebrew and it truly was! I am a veteran spicy food eater so I tried the harissa flavored falafel and although not spicy in the least, it was very tasty and had a perfect balance of spices. The whole wheat pita was soft and perfect. The hummus rivals some that I had in the West Bank, and is easily the best hummus I've ever had in the USA. Everything is vegetarian and I am a little nervous that it is so affordable and 5 minutes from my house!
This a high three star place.  I am a semi vegetarian so it's always good to have a nice falafael place that I can count on.  This palce offers three varities of falafael sandwiches,  traditional, red pepper, and a spicier version.  It is rather small.
delicious, reasonable, and pleasing to sit inside. try all the flavors of falafel.
This place is in such a random location but it's worth the trek over there. I have been dying to go to Taim ever since it was named the #1 falafel joint in NY by seriouseats. The first bite I took into the harissa sandwich was heavenly and I immediately knew why Taim had been the winner. The falafel was plentiful and crispy. The hummus was buttery and scrumptious. And free pickles? Win. The whole time my friends were chatting I didn't utter a word until I finished that awesomely delicious sandwich. I also got the strawberry & thai basil smoothie, which was interesting but not worth $5.44. I'll just make it at home! But I'll be coming back for the falafel. In fact, I think it's about time I start calling up random friends so I can take them to Taim...
I've only eaten from their food truck, so décor and service are relatively moot. Although, as far as trucks go, it was nice looking, I suppose. But the food? Holy Fuckin' Wow! Best falafel sandwich I've ever had, no contest. I had one today, and I will most likely go back again tomorrow or the day after, it was that good. My friend had it too, and completely agreed. The pomegranate honey iced tea was also quite good. Can't wait to go again. Is it tomorrow yet?
Ah Ha!  Harissa, I found you! Molly and I went on a spice expedition this morning and found exactly what we were looking for! ... and we had lunch.  The most amazing lunch I've had in ages. The Sabich is a dream come true and I can not wait to go back!  My boyfriend is going to love this place!!
Best falafel in the city by far! Pita bread is home made, falafel are crispy and flavorful, veggies and sauce really distinguish the sandwich. If you ask for everything you will get some spicy additions so be careful and enjoy!! Cash only
Inspite of the approx 650 reviews and 4.5 star rating, I wasnt really impressed with Taim. Its a small lil place with seating for a max of six people at a time. I got the falafel sandwich, side of fries with the saffron aioli, side of zaatar and a ginger mint lemonade. The sandwich was fresh and tasty but I feel was overpriced. The falafel sandwich at Mamouns is comparable at less than half the price. The fries were good but the saffron aioli was weird. The zaatar was tasteless, ive lived in the middle east for a few years and know what good zaatar should taste like. Taim was good but Im going back to Mamouns..:)
Great falafel, great service, but VERY small space. Tried the RED (roasted red pepper) falafel sandwich, which was a great post-workout treat. Can't wait to try every flavor!
Best falafel I've had by far. Pack on those extras and don't forget fries(you won't be sorry). Not really a place to sit and eat, it's tiny in there but absolutely the place to eat two falafels and a side of fries(you know you wanna do it son). Only way it could be better is if they rocked Toni Braxton on that boombox!
It gets a lot of hype, but it's well earned. The pita's are unmatched. The fries are perfect. The s'rug hot sauce is a full of herb flavor. The harissa could go on anything. Enjoy, the best all around cheap eats (though not the cheapest) in the west village.
I went here last week and will probably be back. All around pretty solid stuff. Portions are generous and it's pretty fast. As most folks have mentioned the falafel is pretty much amazing (flavorful and not too dry!). If it's your first time, I'd recommend the mixed falafel platter, unless u hate falafel... In which case, the Sabich sandwich is also stellar. Peeps from Boston, it's basically like Clover except maybe not quite as good.
YES!!!!! More please! Apparently the name translates into "Delicious". And the food lives up to it. As a veggie - i have made Falafel a past time. I have eaten at almost any and every Falafel joint in the city and always search out new places. Taim has what I refer to as "The best Falafel in the city" I know some of you Mamoun's fans might yell at me a bit, but before you speak, give it a try. I still like Mamoun's because it is tasty, quick, and cheap. Taim just does it better. The pita is very hearty and stays together when being consumed. The Falafel itself comes in either traditional green, bell pepper, or harissa. I love them all, but tend to stay with the traditional ball. It has a crunchy outside with a warm softness internally that makes for a perfect Falafel. Their salads are all hand made. I give the harissa as a gift for housewarming parties or the holidays. Its phenomenal. Granted you are going to spend a bit more money on this sandwich, but believe me - once you try this place you will fall in love. EDIT---- There can be a wait here if you go during peak times. It is a small joint, and for those who are looking for their falafel in under 2 minutes should try going to a street vendor for their food. It tends to be busy because the food is good. Weird how that works....
This place has NOTHING on Mamoun's.  I tried it and found myself gagging...
This place rocks FOOD WISE, but service is alright
The falafel are so fluffy, crispy, and tasty that they have redefined my understanding of how good falafel can be. The sabich sandwich is a flavor explosion---turmeric mayo, hard boiled egg, sharp pickles, sweet and tangy slaw, and a soft rich slab of eggplant.
why or why do I have to live out of their delivery area? It is by far the best falafel I had in the city; the only negative is that its not big enough to do group lunches in.
absolutely, hands-down, no-doubt the best falafel i've ever had in my life. add all the other wonderful things i ate; carrot salad, israeli salad, hot pita with zatar, hummus, baba ganouj, the sauces, fries with the perfect saffron aioli, and more (i'm an eater, for sure!)  and it was one of the best and most memorable meals of my life!  REally
The only word I know that could describe this is in Korean, SHIBAL! They've got to be cheating, doping, kicking puppies, they're that GOOD. Get whatever you want, you can't lose - but make sure you absolutely positively order the fries with saffron aioli.
My first falafel ever! (i know, i know I've been leading a deprived life) and boy was it a blissful introduction to the tastiness that is falafel...mm mm lip smacking good. Tiny location, so I think it's strictly take-out, although some people were sitting inside on the limited number of stools. My group bought our falafel and walked over to Washington Square Park just a couple of blocks away which I think is a much more enjoyable option =). I got the traditional falafel sandwich (which is the green sauce - cilantro; etc) and it was fantastic, so tasty! They are also generous with the falafel balls, my sandwich was bursting at the seams making it a little harder to eat, but hey I wasn't complaining. I'll have to try out the other sauces to see if they're just as good. Definitely a great (and cheap!) choice for lunch.
Great falafel
i've only been once, but i'm already looking for excuses to get down there to go again--the Harissa falafel are amazing, exquisitely spiced, not spicy, but spiced. the fries were heavenly, perfectly cooked and served with saffron aioli. i washed it all down with a ginger mint lemonade. honestly this may be one of those things you pick up, hurry home, unwrap and ravage on your own, away from the wary onlookers. it was that good. its not as difficult as you may think to find a great falafel sandwich in this city, but not only is everything amazing, but they pack the pitas so that there is the perfect amount of falafel, salad, tahini, etc in each bite. i could be the biggest weirdo but crafting the sandwich is almost just as important as whats inside! yum!
I absolutely love Taim. I work a block a way from Mamoun's but walk the ten minutes to Taim to have some of their deliciousness. Toppings are uber fresh, price is great, and the falafel sandwich never ever disappoints. Such a cute tiny place! I haven't tried the smoothies although friends tell me they are amazing--on my to do list next time I trek it there.
Kind of that amazing balance between hole in the wall and chain. Taim looks very neat from the outside.  With it's colorful signs and neat interior, you're almost sure there's a few around the city.  However, it is, quite literally a hole in the wall.  I'd say you can sit five people inside and have each be comfortable. Size and appearance aside, they crank out amazing falafel.  It's just an awesome sandwich, maybe a bit messy but well worth any wait or bodily contortion you may have to endure to get in and out of here.  It was so good I actually followed the tradition of any good Yelp glutton and ordered a eggplant sandwich right after and downed that too.   Beyond being tasty pockets of goodness and possibly the best lunch I can think of, they sure make great fodder for beers at the Islanders game!
This place is fantastic. Super fast, consistent, and reasonably priced given the location, etc. Fun fact: For those wanting to dodge a pita, order the falafel sampling and a pita. Under $10, healthy and delicious.
Try the date smoothie & the sabich sandwich!  I've been to Taim twice & have only changed the drink, but try my recommendation & you'll understand.
the food here is unbeatable. their eggplant sabich sandwich has a great tangy, sweet sauce. everything is super fresh. staking out your claim on a stool there is a competitive sport - be prepared to either eat standing outside or fight your way to a stool.
Very good falafel, the waitress was not very helpful when I asked about some of the things on the menu but that was probably because I was holding up a line and it was packed in their... still a little more courtesy would have been nice.   I ordered the original falafel with pickles and it was yummy.. the ONLY thing that would have made it better is if they threw some french fries on top of it like they do in Israel.   Go on a nice day and take your sandwich to a park somewhere because there is absolutely no place to eat it in the shop.
I thought this place was good, although i had higher expectations.
Seriously good falafel. Not as cheap as some, but I suspect that I spent $25 because I was really over excited and there was plenty leftover for dinner. Cantaloupe and ginger smoothie is delicious.
Hands down the best falafel in town.
My personal favorite falafel sandwich in NYC. I particularly love the green falafel and the lemonade. Also the safforn aioli with the fries is great! thetrufflehoney.blogspot…
I love that there's different flavors of falafels here. The spicy one was delicious! Their hummus is also great, an comes in a huge heaping on the falafel platter. Whole wheat pita bread didn't taste as fluffy as the hummus place so minus one star for that. This place is also TINY tiny so make sure you snag a spot early. Their mint drink is also quite refreshing but I could go for half sugar. We also split their greek salad, which was a very standard salad, nothing special. All in all, a yummy falafel place with 3 unique flavors of crispy falafels!
So cultural taste it is. I tried the mixed platter this time including three sauces. The green one impressed me with its spicy flavor.
pretty good
I took a trip to NY with my sister literally just for the food.  We've both been there before so this time around, we mapped out places we wanted to eat and that was the whole trip.  Walk. Eat. Walk. Eat.  More walking and more eating.  We didn't take public transportation because how else were we going to work off the food?? We LOVED Taim Falafel!  We got the ORIGINAL FALAFEL and EGGPLANT sandwich to split.  Everything was great, from the warm wheat pita to the sauce.  This place caught my eye because of Bobby Flay's visit and it did not disappoint.  This was one of the first falafel sandwiches I've ever eaten and have had many after that didn't compare.  Not even the Falafel's Drive In (San Jose, CA) that was featured on another Food Network show --Triple D. yelp.com/biz/falafels-dr… NOTE: This place is small, no tables just counter and chairs that does not seat very many.  Expect to order and walk outside to find somewhere to eat.
It's stressful how good this place is because I just start eating so fast and I don't realize when I'm full. I got the green falafel with "the works" and a mint lemonade. The falafel was just like my dreams envisioned...crunchy but soft, smothered in hummus, full of other delicious middle-eastern nibblies and cous cous....if only there were more falafel balls! Make sure to get the green spicy sauce, that really makes the meal. The lemonade is eh, I'd skip it.
falafel - i didn't know it could taste this good. i went with the falafel sandwich (when in rome, right?). it was DELICIOUS.  after devouring most of the sandwich on a nearby stoop (limited seating) i found myself utterly delighted to find TWO more falafel balls crammed into the bottom of the pita, under the wonderful Israeli salad! yes! yes yes yes! best day ever! worth the line, wait, and stoop squatting. i'll be back any day the sun is out and i can find waverly pl. in the twisting west village. pass on the walnut rolls though. at $2.50 a pop they're a flavor version of the ugly step sister to the falafel Cinderella of Taim.
planning to visit heresdfsdf
Taim has the best falafel in NYC. You can select from 3 flavors (or get a platter to sample all 3) -- Harissa, Green, and Red. I always get the Harissa but my mom loves the Green. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the choices. You can select white or whole wheat pita. The falafel sandwich is a good menu option and it will fill you up. I recently tried the hummus sandwich with eggplant salad and tabouli  -- very tasty, but the falafel is definitely the winner. If you are thirsty, get the ginger mint lemonade. Its not too sweet and very refreshing. You can ask for hot sauces when you order. The place is super tiny but when its nice out, you can order to-go and saunter over to washington square park.
Cutie Patroller patrolling report I had snack time at Taim West Village. They opened their Mediterranean restaurant Balaboosta on Mulberry St a couple years ago but they are known for their first Falafel spot Taim. Now they are under construction to open a second Taim next to Balaboosta in Nolita. I can't wait!!!! Cutie Patroller is always on the prowl in downtown NYC for cute places and great food.
As I am becoming more and more of a falafel connoisseur, this place is one that I could not avoid. I kept seeing more and more accolades "BEST IN THE CITY" so I just had to try it. And I have to say, it did not disappoint. The quality is just on a whole new level. The restaurant's concept also seems clearly defined, sophisticated, and refined. They offer very specifically prepared options, from the falafel to the smoothies. There are 3 falafel variations. The day we went we tried the red. It was beyond delicious. Excuse my trouble even describing. I came in very much skeptical, but it became a lunch experience where every bite was treasured and discussed with grunts and affirmative exclamations. So far I have to say, this is the best falafel I've had in NYC.
Top notch falafel. The falafel itself is cooked just right and all the sides, toppings, and salads are all fresh and traditional. I also love the idea of having a smoothie with my falafel which isn't an option at my other go to falafel spot, Mamouns.
What do you do when you can't sleep and it is too early in the morning? I yelp... I love the food truck but sometimes the lines are just too long. There is always the store to make things better though. I love their fried eggplant pita. They cook it so well and it always hits the spot and fills me up which can be sometimes difficult to do. I like it, be prepared to go sit outside and eat and try their strawberry banana smoothies, they are super tasty. I had pineapple something else one the other day (one of their creations) and it wasn't tasty. Just don't do it. Go for Strawberry Banana gold smoothies and they do SOY!! :)
BANANA-DATE-LIME SMOOTHIE. Remember these words. No West Village stroll is complete without a stop to this packed falafel stand. It has a religious following, and with good reason. First and foremost (in my opinion), the smoothie: the perfect combination of dates, lime, banana and soy milk. It never disappoints, and the best part are the chunks of dates that make their way up the straw. It's really one of the best in the city. The falafel and sabich is also amazing. Everything is fresh and tasty and the sandwiches come packed with vegetables and condiments. The falafel is unique-- wouldn't say it's the best-- but with everything else in the pita it somehow becomes a perfect combination. Sitting inside is slightly problematic, but taking everything to-go and eating in a nearby park or along the river is thoroughly rewarding. Get the smoothie!
Fantastic falafels.  I also love the smoothie with dates and ginger (ask for the ginger to be added in).  I went by two weeks ago and they looked closed (for renovations?)
ok, so i've been back and felt i needed to write an update.  i am now a huge fan of this place.  this time i ordered the platter so no more soggy mess.  the falafels were crispy and full of flavor.  for the price, i felt i was getting an extremely high quality product.  the hummus was probably the best i've ever had.  and also the pita has tasty herbs and are warmed to order.  there is a lot of attention to detail that you would not expect from other take-out type places, and especially for these prices.  i shall be returning again and again... and the spicy sauce that comes in the small plastic containers is awesome!
It's not easy for me to spend $6.25 on a falafel when Oasis in Wburg offers pretty large and decent falafels for just $3. BUT I always see the Taim food truck on Bedford Ave (right around the corner from Oasis), and have always been intrigued. So when I heard about Taim having a store front, I had to check it out! I got a falafel and a Taim signature smoothie. The falafel was very tasty...just the right amount of spiciness and flavor! I also loved their whole wheat pita. Their smoothie was equally delicious. The signature smoothie consisted of banana, date, cantaloupe, ginger and lime. I'm not even that crazy about ginger but I mostly just tasted the banana so it was perfect for me.
This place is extraordinarily small for the amount of customers that come here. How am I supposed to fit my broad, manly shoulders through the doorway and past the salivating customers? After using my cold, Slavic charm to finagle my way past the crowd of people, I got my hands on a harissa falafel sandwich. They have three types of falafel, which is roughly two more than you get at your usual falafel haus. Ask for everything on it, and they put an assortment of pickled things which I can't pronounce (forgive me, my people). Everything came together well, from the sourness of the pickled things, to the creaminess of the tahini, to the falafel itself, which was beautifully crispy on the outside, yet warm and soft on the inside. I also had one of the titular smoothies (the date flavor). Unfortunately, I did not enjoy it. It was very light, but lacking the flavors I expected to be strong, such as date and lime. I enjoyed my meal here, but I lamented the lack of meaaaaat.
Best falafel in the city. Period. Ingredients are always super fresh. Check these guys out!
Yum.  =)
Lets start with the best.   The hummus here is fantastic... some of the best ive ever had. The isralie salad is very good but this could be a side affect of mixing it with the amazing hummus. The fallafels are good but very small and one platter will NOT fill you up. French fries are good.  Nice skinny crispy fries. I tend to enjoy my smoothies really thick, but the banana strawberry smoothie I got here was not thick and still very very good. Overall this place is great.  But I doubt you will ever leave full and satisfied because one... its so delicious your always going to want more... and two  the portions are small.
Dinner under 15 bucks in the west village and it's amazing! It sounds too good to be true, but Taim will quickly be one of those gems that New Yorkers in the know will pass along to each other like the Halal cart on 53rd and 6th. Three kinds of falafel and they are all incredible, the hummus is thick and flavorful, and the pita is seasoned and always served warm. Plates come with a tray of three sauces complimentary, beat that Chickpea!
Really fresh, yummy vegetarian fare.  The Sabich platter is the best -- the eggplant is so good!  The juices are nice, if you can avoid the hidden sugary ingredients.  The side salads are also delicious (beets and eggplant salad), but they often give you too much of the lesser-tasty sides (carrots and tabouli).  My only serious complaint is that the falafels are tiny.  Otherwise, this place is solid.
Alright, I get it. The food is good. The prices are good. Neighborhood feel. Yummy ginger mint lemonade. However, there is basically no seating. While there are a couple of benches outside, falafels are messy and in my opinon require a table and chair.I ordered the red falfael and loved the falafel part of it, but did not enjoy the excess of cabbage stuffed into it. I read other reviews suggesting to specifically request no/little cabbage. I will do this next time. In summary, come here but do takeout.
This falafel is fairly legit, and this is coming from someone who grew up on a steady diet of falafel balls and hummus.  But, the extra charge for schug and for pickles?  I can't really be down with that, so I must subtract a star.   Also, the seating kind of blows, so you can either expect to sit on the bench outside or walk over to one of the many benched areas in the city, but you are screwed if it is raining. Edited: A New Yorker friend of mine told me they stopped charging for Schug. The seating on the other hand is still a real minus.
The harissa falafel and the red pepper falafel are outstanding. Their sides and salads are always fresh, innovative and delicious. Perfectly seasoned and wonderfully spicy without being too spicy. Sometimes the sandwiches are messy and get mushy quite quickly and fall apart all over the place - or else this place would be 5 stars.
I work frequently in the theater next door and have enjoyed the falafel sandwiches (all three types are delicious, I favor the green). The banana, date smoothies are fantastic. Definitely easier to takeout than eat-in as the space is sooo small.
best upscaled falafel platter I've had in my life. And loved the date,banana smoothie. If i was dying on my death bed, I would want the smoothie injected into me.
If you like vegetarian falafel and other delicacies just go there. Its a very small place, however the food is great. I had three differently flavored falafel in my plate, and honestly there where all very good. The place is not the type of place in which you spend hours, however it is a great little spot to stop by and have a quick yet delicious meal while you are on the rune in NYC!
My favorite lunch spot! Sandwiches are delicious and big! What else can you ask for.     Salads are good as well
Oh, my. Excellent food. I could have come back the next day for the same exact meal - if my husband would have let me.  Great hummus, falafel, and date/banana/lime smoothie.  Oh, my.  Teeny place.
I had the green falafel sandwich with everything on a wheat pita and it tasted so good. It filled me up as well, something that is hard to accomplish. Luckily I had a place to sit since I don't like eating outside. (I'm a messy eater) It's a bit pricey than other falafel sandwiches, but at least it's a good size and really tasty.
Planned to visit here after reading great reviews. Was lucky enough to come across the mobile van in Brooklyn and had the harissa falafel... Words cant describe how tasty it all was!! The falafels, quinoa and hummus were just outstanding! Cant rave about this enough!
A delicious and affordable spot where you can sample a variety of types of falafel. Because most of the menu only allows you to choose one flavor of falafel, I decided to go with the sampler. For $4 I was able to get 6 balls, 2 of each of the flavors. All of them were fried perfectly and bursting with flavor. While there is very limited seating inside, it is also very easy to get to go orders. My friend really enjoyed his hummus and pita as well.
Best falafel spot downtown. Tiny place but VERY cosy. Staff are so helpful and friendly (or did I bring that out in her?). SO tasty and SO cheap. I will go AGAIN and AGAIN!
All-vegetarian, mostly vegan, and entirely delicious. I went twice and got the three-falafel sampler; the harissa is my favorite, but all three are excellent, as is the hummus and the sauces (the mango chutney has me drooling to remember). The fries are good too. If you don't live in the area it's not very convenient, as there are only five stools inside the very crowded shop, and a bench outside, and it's very popular. But that popularity is well earned through fabulous food and friendly service.
Buy falafel here - but take it to go! I got the platter, with 2 types of salad, 9 falafel balls and hummus and pita. EVerything was super greasy - the pita had olive oil dripping off of it, but was also really fresh. The falafel balls tasted good, but were nothing radically special. They were also really small. Great assortment of sauces, but one of them (the orange one) did not taste good. The tahini, s'chug and hummus were great. I was starving, and it was a filling meal (until I was starving again 2 hours later...) If you have an Israeli food craving, doesn't hurt to stop by.
You cannot go wrong with Taim... Best food, better prices and they deliver!  This place is a perfect go-to for catering a party... for $80 you can feed more than 8 people and everyone will LOVE what you've put out! Make your tummy happy, get some great eats at Taim!
i'm arabic and i know a good falafel sandwich.  this one completely blew me away and i felt compelled to write about it! my friend took me and i'm very weary when it comes to arabic food sold in stores, since my mom makes the absolute best arabic food ever. i got the traditional falafel sandwich and it was TO.  DIE.  FOR.   it was perfect in every sense.  five stars.  can't wait to go back again.
The drinks weren't as amazing as I heard- though they are certainly good enough. Great menu filled with tasty and often (though not all) healthy items. Little seating so we ate on the curb. Happy to spend just $6.50 on a lunch!
Great little falafel shop! Emphasis on little and shop. Go in, get your order, go out. For all the complainers; they don't pretend to be a sit down, at your leisure eatery so enjoy it for what it is! The flavors are fresh and sharp and the portions are filling - right for the price.
YUM! I wish I lived nearby and this could be my go-to lunch place.  This falafel place is owned by Balaboosta, one of my favorite restaurants, so I had been wanting to try it for awihle.  There are so many choices on the menu, and I definitely have to go back to try more of the items.  They have three kinds of falafel, all kinds of salads, delicious tahinia, a full smoothie menu, and tons more.  It's a great lunch spot and I would be happy to go for dinner too!
It says a lot for a take out place when you look forward to eating there at least once a week for the last 4 months! Everything is fresh, high quality, packed with flavor, and the service is so nice. If I ever move away from NYC (or even the west village) you can bet I'll make any pilgrimage I can to come back to Taim and have a harissa on wheat with everything.
finally tried this place and definitely yum. got the regular (green) falafel.  biggest difference here is that the ingredients are very fresh.  Freshly deep fried falafel balls, so that when you bite into them the inside is actually mushy.  It's definitely very different from any other falafel I've ever tasted.  just wish the locations and the trucks were more convenient, but than again that's the lure of it all isn't it?!   ;p
The most amazing falafel in NYC !!! High variety of vegetarian and vegan dishes ... Great smoothies, food is always made to order and amazingly fresh ... The staff is super friendly and nice - highly recommended!!!
what i order:  green Harissa falafel sandwich on white pita with everything (hummus, isreali salad, tzatziki, srug, amba, pickles, etc) the first time i went, i walked in circles around the WV trying to find the place (i had just moved to the city). now years later i return easily and frequently for their delicious cheap falafel. you order from a counter and there is rarely a window stool available to eat at, but it is definitely worth the trip and the hassle of figuring out where to eat once you have it. the only thing i have found over time that i prefer to change from their original is that i sometime dont prefer the hummus which tends to hide in the bottom of the pita and overwhelms the last few bites. so sometimes ill order with no hummus if i am in a spicier mood.   also love their food truck which i usually find in flatiron / chelsea. it is especially good with a kelvin slush from the truck just up the street... that is a perfect lunch!
Hands down my favorite falafel in NYC. Love this place. Also, the french fries with saffron aioli--heaven!
Three trips here over three weeks and it has been spectacular. I will be going here weekly until I can't eat falafel anymore!
Years ago, I was highly skeptical that falafel had any business in a carnivore's pita pocket. Every time I had tried the ball of spiced, mashed and fried chickpeas, I found it either too soggy, too dry and just plain lacking in flavor. Why would anyone substitute this for juicy shwarma or chicken kebab I wondered. Then a friend introduced me to Taim, and my mind was blown. Taim is a kosher, vegetarian Israeli restaurant focusing on the falafel. The name means "tasty" in Hebrew, although that's an understatement for how good their falafel really is. It's one of those game changing renditions that makes it feel unfair to refer to it by the same name. Taim's falafel comes in three types: green (cilantro, parsley & mint, my personal favorite), red (roasted red pepper) and harissa (Tunisian spiced). The balls are made fresh - which it's now clear is the only way to eat falafel - leaving them crunchy on the outside and moist inside. You can get them as a platter with salad, but I must highly recommend the sandwich which is perfectly topped with their spectacular hummus, tahini sauce and Israeli salad. Not matter how much you think you don't like falafel, you need to give it a try. Taim currently has two locations, plus a truck. The original is in the West Village and justifiably received a 9/30 in decor from Zagat. It's basically a food counter with seating for four so have another place to eat in mind when venturing over (the steps across the street are popular). The NoLiTa location is slightly larger seating maybe 15 and adds some wood paneling so you don't feel like you're eating in a commercial kitchen. Falafel Sandwich (4/4 stars) All the ingredients from the falafel to the hummus, [tahini] to the pita itself are fantastic and in perfect portion. If you feel the need to add something, I recommend their pickles or housemade hot sauce. Israeli Salad (3/4 stars) a fresh and refreshing mix of tomato, cucumber and parsley Hummus (3/4 stars) Whenever I go here, I pick up a side of the hummus to bring home. It's smooth and creamy with just a hint of spice. Sabich (2/4 stars) The fried eggplant in an interesting change of pace and some people love it. I'm not a big fried food guy and I can't justify ordering it over the falafel.
Today I fell in love. I didn't mean to, it just happened. You'd think that after a long day of eating 48 different types of ice cream, a red velvet cake from Amy's Bread (also freaking awesome), and having a full Schezuan lunch that I might be averse to another meal. But that's where you'd be wrong. I stopped at Taïm on my way home from work. Granted, it was a little out of the way from my apartment but in the vicinity of Joe's Pizza on Carmine where I'd been commanded to pick up a pie for my husband, who was patiently waiting in Salt Lake City for a New York slice. Today, karma won. I did something nice for my husband so karma did something nice for me. It took me a second to find, as they are located on the west side of 7th ave and I apparently was brain dead. (In my defense, it was a Friday after work.) Taïm is located on Waverly Place next to residential buildings. The tip off that you're walking to the right place is in the bench outside and people hovering around with satiated smiles on their faces. I walked in the small shop front and analyzed the menu. As I was only there for something portable and walking friendly (and classic) I decided to go after the Falafel sandwich. Don't worry - I still shook things up as I happen to enjoy doing. The "Harissa" which employs Tunisian spices sounded right up my alley. It was described as mildly spicy (which I don't actually believe nor does my heartburn) which I knew would be balanced by the soft pita, Israeli salad, hummus, and white cabbage.  This equated to heartburn friendly.   All I can say is, this could potentially qualify to be my last bite on earth. The impossibly creamy hummus made my heart skip a beat and the Israeli salad added just the right level of fresh crunch. My Falafel balls were perfectly crisp and brown. And the Harissa spices were so elegantly flavored in a lower level "boom" but not "bam" in your mouth kind of way.   Once again, as with many good street foods in New York, I dripped my handheld treat onto my shoes.  But I didn't care.  I changed my stance to free falling falafel mode and continued the impolite chow down on 7th Ave without any concern of appearances.   Yum. The End.
Great falafel and very filling salads.  I'm not a vegetarian, but if I were I would eat here every day. Price is just right and portion sizes are large! Very small space so don't expect to eat inside. Cash only!
No other place for food when watching  a play at Rattlestick Playwrights Theater. Great prices and I did not miss the meat.
I really dug my falafel, but I prefer the harissa. Ask for some hot sauce on the side, green and unique. Enough about the falafel, the fries with aoli are not to be missed! I thought the shop was really cute, and cozy, if not a bit cramped.
In the brick laden streets lies a middle eastern treat, Taim. The menu boasts gluten free falafel, pita bread choices, and is all vegetarian. With their menu descriptions, it would be easy eating for vegans too. Apparently, everyone knows about this place as evidenced by people spilling out the door and onto the sidewalk. I ordered the sabich with wheat pita and the falafel sampling side. I started with the falafels and they were great. Three different flavors, a bitter green, spicy, and medium spicy. The sabich was phenomenal with its flavor layers. Messy and finger licking good. The accompanying sauce was great too- thick and nutty tasting. Taim delivered tonight. One request: please add seating options outside.
A great little find on a small side street in the west village.  I have never had a Falafel as fluffy and crunchy as I had here.  Also the variety of flavors of both the sauces and the falafels are fantastic.
The falafel here is delicious. Definitely one of the best in town--fresh and made to order. The sauces, especially the amba, were very tasty and nice additions. I'd have to say, though, that the food is overpriced for what is basically a takeout place. The sandwich price wasn't too bad at $6.25--considering how very good it was--but $5 for a very small container of salad that is basically a topping from the salad bar? Ripoff. Platter prices are also quite steep. Nevertheless, if you don't mind paying more for takeout than you should, you will get some excellent food at this place.
Simply incredible. The food is delicious. I tried each type of falafel (from my own food and my friends') - each one had a distinct flavor but was based on the same great falafel. The tabouleh was fresh and minty. Each sauce added a different level of flavor. It definitely needs a more comfortable seating arrangement. The bar along the window is cool and New York-y, but it's ridiculously small. Maybe 5 people with really small butts could sit there
Taim's good, but not amazing -- so I don't really get the hype. I've been there a half dozen times, had a range of falafel options, toppings, fries, and a few other choices. And it's good, very good even. But if you're going to spend $12 on a platter or $7 for a sandwich (ie 3 times the cost of Mahmouns!), the falafel should be like heaven in a fried ball. And it's not. But it's good enough to go back to, just don't get the 5 star reviews.
Everything is great here! My favorite is the sabich.  Love the smoothies too. Just wish they had a little more space to eat there.
Working in the West Village, this is the one place that consistently provides a meal that leaves me satisfied. Highly recommend the fries if only because the saffron aioli is to die for.
EAT. HERE. NOW. Ahh, it's so good! Forgive me, but I just finished my Sabich pita...I don't know if I can speak properly. All the flavors are outstanding from the creamy hummus, perfectly fried eggplant, and crispy salad and cabbage. The pita is always warm and fluffy - go for the wheat for an interesting nutty flavor. The tahini and amba sauce just bring the whole thing together. So yum, so yum. I went here a year ago when I first moved to New York with an old friend from high school and I never forgot it. I now live not too far, but haven't had a chance to come back - my oh my is that going to change now. I'm going to have to resist coming here everyday.
5 stars for the banana-date-lime smoothie. No, make the 11 stars. It's freaking delicious! I don't like lime and asked for it without, and they assured me it's only a few drops, so I said alright. You can't taste the lime at all. And who knew I liked dates so much?! I was also glad to see they had a soy milk option for no upcharge for us lactose intolerant folk. It's $5.44 for a smoothie, which I find to be a fair price for this neighborhood. Jesus, I wish I had another one right now! As for the falafel, it's been a while since I've had it here, but I really don't remember liking it-I thought it was well made and crunchy/fluffy in the right ways, but the flavors weren't good. I really wanted to like it, but I just didn't. Hence, 4 stars overall. The staff here are really nice, as well. It's a super tight space, so don't count on getting to eat in. Definitely a take-out spot.
Taim makes the best falafel in the entire city -- and believe me, I feel like I've tried them all!  There are three varieties to choose from, all of which are delicious, especially when eaten in a sandwich filled with Israeli salad and tahini.  Everything is fresh and made-to-order, and there is counter seating which overlooks Waverly Place, giving you a quaint scene to watch while you enjoy your delicious falafel.
Delicious fresh and tasty falafel. Expensive, but worth it for a meal on the nicer side
BEST FALAFEL DOWNTOWN!   VERY FRESH! The Falafel sandwich really fills you up and all the ingredients taste so fresh and full of flavor.  Also, it won't break your wallet.  You definitely want to try some of the homemade drinks behind the counter especially the ginger mint lemonade. Haven't had any of the salads yet but there are always people ordering them while I'm there so they must be good! Everyone that works there is polite and friendly!  It's great when the weather is nice because you can sit outside and eat on a few benches they have setup.  Space inside is small so I wouldn't go there counting on sitting and eating with friends.  Maybe 5  bar stools tops ... Why are you still reading? GO THERE NOW !
Perfection in a pita. There's really not much more I can say - this place kicks the ass of any other falafel I've ever had in my entire life. My husband and I both went with the green falafel sandwiches and a couple of smoothies - everything was uber fresh and bursting with flavour. This was actually our last meal in New York after a delightful one week trip, and I can definitely say that we left on a high note.
Wow--a choice of falafel flavors! That is something which doesn't come with any run of the mill falafel joint. I had a roasted red pepper flavored falafel on their white pita bread. It was some of the best falafel I've ever had. It was fresh and perfectly sized for a lunch or snack. I'll definitely be going back to try out more of their offerings.
I had the mixed falafel platter. The falafel itself was yum but the tabbouleh and the israeli salad were okay. I usually love hummus but it was just disgusting, same with the sauces. My go to for falafel was always and still is Maoz Vegetarian.
I saw the crowds before I saw the entrance and knew this had to be the place I was searching for.  We purposely came here late (2:30 pm) to avoid the crowds.  No such luck on a Saturday.  Luckily we didn't have to wait too long to order (approx. 5 minutes) and lucked into some seats inside where I was able to watch all the action in the kitchen.  Never before have I seen 5 big grown men move around so efficiently in a space 2/3 the size of my kitchen. I ordered a ginger mint lemonade and a green falafel pita and my friend ordered the mixed falafel platter.  My friend had just returned from his latest two week trip to Israel so I was worried this place would not meet his expectations.  I could not have been more wrong.  After one bite of our respective dishes we both proclaimed this to be the best falafels we had ever eaten!  They were fresh, flavorful, light and not the least bit greasy.  They did not feel like rocks in my stomach 4 hours later (if you've had bad falafels you know what I mean).  I tried some of my friend's hummus and salads and they were a equally well prepared but the falafels were the stars of the show.  Make sure to get some of their hot sauce if that's your thing. The lemonade was quite good - not watery and not too sweet with good pronounced flavors of ginger, mint and lemon.   The service was professional, friendly and efficient.  The place is very small with very limited seating inside and out.  The food is fresh, well prepared and fantastic.  Prices are very reasonable.  I would come back here again and again.  No question.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Taim :) Every taim (har har) I visit New York, I run to Taim every other day dreaming of fallafel sandwiches, saffron aioli and fries, and mint ginger lemonade, and chai, and everything else they sell at Taim! Anyway, you get the idea. A delicious take on the fallafel with a other great assorted bites. These are my kind of eats. Refreshing, hearty yet light, flavorful food. It's the perfect kind thing to grab on the go and make your way to the park to nibble and people watch in the summer. The price won't kick your ass, as many tasty New York meals tend to do, but is very reasonable. Taim loses a star only for the standing room and very very minimal seating. While this is kind of a "holy shit I feel like a sardine" type of space, this is New York-- space is not a thing of abundance so expect to get a little friendly with others standing in line. This is basically take-out only but well worth the inconvenience. It's only a real inconvenience in the winter. On most occasions, I somehow I managed to grab a seat inside, and on others, I wait outside on the bench out front to dash inside and order while whoever is with me grabs a spot. When the weather is great, I take it to go. It's a matter of luck with seating at any hour. Try Taim at least once if you're in the area and enjoy all that it has to offer, fantastic falafels, fries and all while you're in New York. Just plan ahead and be prepared for the wait. I have yet to try their food truck, Taim Mobile, but it is a great idea and extension for those who want try to track them down away from their home on Waverly. See taimmobile.com for their schedule.
Great falafels in a very nice looking hole in the wall. We had the Harissa and Green falafels and both were very good. Oh, I heard good things about the fries but I thought they were horrible. Don't waste the $4+. All in all, definitely worth trying for the falafels.
My homie and I almost did not find the place...its back in the sut on a really cute street!!! The address is Waverly Place but I could have sworn we were on Perry St. but anywho....I was wicked excited about going becuase I have heard so many great things and I saw them on the Food Network. I wanted to order everything on the menu...but I couldnt so I got the Sabich sandwhich...hot damn.....that ish was off the chain...let me tell you how I got weak in the knees after one bite...the warm goodness of the hard boiled egg, hummus and eggplant in one bite..mmmmm...it was great! Because I could not leave without trying the falafel balls we order the sampler which consisted of 2 falafel balls in each flavor..red, green and herb....very good...next time I will order the falafel plate. We also order the french fries...the dipping sauce that came with the fries was like crack...at first I thought it was honey mustard sauce..so iwas thinking to myself..wtf....but when i dipped the 1st fry in it...i knew i have arrived...I cant even explain the flavor..just go and try it..please!!!! I heart Taim Falalfel!!! This place has the potential to take my heart like Maoz did!!!
If I had reviewed Taim on Sunday, after eating in their small space with my family of 4 amongst the other 16 people eating/waiting for their food, I would have probably gone 2-3 stars out of frustration...shame on me for not heeding the numerous warnings about the size of Taim.  It was pouring down rain, and I don't live in the West Village, so eating there was our only option,  other than leaving, but I digress... For those visiting, the place is tiny!  The dining area is somewhat U shaped with stools aligning the edges...Nine I believe, two to your left, four in the window and three to the right.  It only seats about seven comfortably!  Also, if you sit on the stools on the left, you are practically sitting in the line to order.   Now the reason for the 4 stars after a little venting on my experience, thank you for listening....THE FOOD! I don't have anything new to add...Great Falafel, fries, smoothies etc...Everything we had was best in class.   If I lived in the West Village, I'd be a regular.  If I was dining alone, maybe I'd go back...with more than two people on a rainy day...no chance!
Fried balls.  Delicious fried balls. Yes the hype is worth it.  Yes this might be the best falafel I've had in the city.  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, these are damn good fried balls...of deliciousness. I tried the traditional green falafel while my friend ordered the harissa.  Both were fantastic-- the spiciness in the harissa falafel actually reminded me of kimchee-- anyone else taste the similarity?   We came on a weekday late afternoon but there was still a line outside the door.  Service is definitely brisk though and they're working hard to get orders out in a speedy fashion. Bonus:  I spotted a female celeb enjoying Taim's falafel right outside the shop, sitting on the next door church's steps.  Like I've said before, if it's good enough for the celebs, it's good enough for me!
the best falafel that i've ever had!! they've got such a small, but yum yum falafel! i can give them five star for that already. this place is really tiny though many people seem to love it. they might likely to become regular customers because it's that good. it makes you wanna come back again again and again! i also definitely may come back soon!
hands down the BEST falafel of my life!
Got a falafel sandwich. Delicious--the falafel is actually green--but not the best falafel I've ever had (that would be Cafe Mogador). Prices are good, $5 ish. Place is small and gets a bit cramped, you wait a bit for your food (as compared to say Pita Joe where you get it in a heartbeat), but they have good israeli salad and good pita (on top of good falafel and good hummus)...4/5, because there was something a little sweet/sour in my falafel, not sure what it was, though it didn't bother me I could have done without it. Good place, will return.
Delicious! "Small" describes the joint well but certainly not the taste. I ordered the mixed falafel platter and was greeted with a smorgasbord of fresh falafels, thick and hearty pitas, hummus, tabouli, and tomato salad. The three sauces were extremely nice - awesome flavor concentrated into these sauces. I washed it all down with a pear+lemon+mint smoothie which was amazingly refreshing and comes highly recommended. The guy behind the counter can be a bit of a douche but who wouldn't if you're dealing with dozens of people thrashing to get at these balls of fried goodness. I'm coming back.
I'm a huge falafel fan, I love the inexpensive ones (like Mamoun's), and even the more fun, exotic joints (Maoz). I was so excited to drop into Taim last week, after having read about their 3 different flavors of the yummy fried chickpea balls. My friend and I shared the falafel platter and an order of babaganoush. For the money, this is a great deal, you get quite a bit of food with the platters, in fact, more than 1 person could eat comfortably, tho I admit I'm tempted to try, as it was all so delicious! The platter comes with 3 of each flavor - the falafel balls are on the small size, but have no fear, they are served in a cute little pile on a generous helping of creamy hummus, sprinkled with smoky paprika, with tabouli and Israeli salad (tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley and ) on the other 1/2 of a large plate. The classic falafel was well seasoned and straightforward. The red pepper falafel has a little smoky sweetness to it. And the harissa has a little bit of a spicy kick to it. All 3 were awesome, but our favorite was the harissa. You also get 3 different sauces - traditional creamy, cooling tahini, a lovely spicy green sauce (yum!) and amba, smooth, sweet/tangy mango sauce that also goes well with everything. The whole wheat pita on the side was hot and fresh, fluffy and spiced with a little zatar (or zahatar). Who doesn't like fresh bread? The side of baba came with another piece of their amazing pita. The baba was so yummy, a little smoky, really creamy. We were so happy with everything we ordered, and I can't wait to go back and try some of the other salads. Yum yummy yum!
i think this is supposed to be one of the best falafel places around nyc. came here the other and got the falafel sandwich. it was pretty good, probably better than a lot of the ones i've tried. generally, i really like falafels and i think what's special about the falafels here is that they add hummus in your falafel sandwich, which makes the content very smooth and makes the taste of the falafel amazing. usually, falafels tend to be a bit dry, but the ones here are really good.
Not the best falafel in NYC or of my life. See Azuri (yelp.com/biz/azuri-cafe-…) for that. It's almost as good though and the neighborhood and the people are certainly nicer. The sandwich is on the large side and they are generous with the falafel balls. I liked the fillings other than a few bites that were unbalanced-ly heavy on the cabbage. I didn't like the pomegranate honey iced tea.
Found this place on Yelp and it was also a friend's recommendation for best falafel in Manhattan.  We went there on a Thursday evening and there was a steady stream of people coming and going.   It seems it is popular for takeout, since there is very limited seating atop bar stools along the small window and a couple little spots near the entrance.   We ordered the falafel combo plate and shared it.  Three types of falafel served with hummus, cucumber salad, warm seasoned pita and dipping sauces.  Everything was delicious!  We ordered two more pitas and it was just the right amount of food.   I loved this place!  The guy taking the orders was very friendly and funny too.  Taking off a star for lack of indoor dining options.  I will be back next time I'm in the area.
I was in the neighborhood buying tickets for an event when I realized that Taim was around this area.  I got the Harissa falafel pita and took it to go.  It was so good!  It's one of the best falafels I've had...crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside.  It's a small little joint, and the people are very friendly... a family came in before me and made a HUGEEE order to go, but they made mine first so I didn't have to wait for that huge order to finish before I got mine, which I thought was really nice of them.
Best falafels in New York, no joke. I come here at least 2 times a week. 4.5/5.0 rating is for real. Nuff said.
Tried this place after ferreting around on yelp for falafel, and have been back a couple of times. More expensive than Mamoun's, different concept than Maoz or soomsoom. You get nearly twice as much food as Mamoun's, so it's still a good value.   Three different types of falafel (LOVE the harissa!) and all kinds of deliciousness in the pita with the falafel.  I'm still not ENTIRELY sure what israeli salad is, but all the veggies and pickles and hummus and tahini were TASTY. :) I asked for extra hot sauce - it was the green variety, and did not disappoint - nice and spicy with lots of flavor. My friend was underwhelmed by the tea - she said it tasted like lipton powder; I've only tried sips of other peoples' drinks. Every time I've come, it's been kind of an off hour, but even so, I've run into some obnoxiousness surrounding the seating.  I mean, maybe it's just me, but if I'm eating in a place with 8 or so seats and a big crowd, I tend to leave after I've eaten so other people can sit down.  I also tend to be aware of my personal space so I don't knock into people who are eating... but yeah, hey, I guess that's just me. Overall, I found Taim to be a sure bet if you're in that neighborhood, and I might even go out of my way to grab something here.
One of the best falafel sanwiches I've ever have. fresh and moist. yes, moist, a lot of falafels just taste so dry after deep fry. We got the green tradition, harissa ( spicy with a kick), and sth with hard boiled eggs in it. All taste so good. But next time, I'll try to order the hard boiled egg with spicy, will they make it?
Sometimes you want a sandwich and you grab a hero from the corner deli (every other falafel place ever). Sometimes you want a sandwich and throw down a $20 for some frou-frou artisanal thing made with fancy bread and "arugula" instead of "lettuce" (Taim). That said, Taim was a great experience. It was teeny tiny. Luckily a group was leaving when we got our food, so my friends and I got some bench space. I got the mixed falafel platter - the harissa was by far my favorite. The flavors of everything were great and distinctive, the hot sauce was fantastic, and the girl behind the counter gave us free iced teas when we left! The ginger iced tea was good, the brown sugar was better. Fries were overly salty, I'd probably pass on those.
The green falafel was the first falafel I've had and actually liked.  The place is small, but what makes it great is that the pita is super fresh and I can easily eat dinner that cost six bucks.    The second time I went there I tried the sabich and it tasty and unlike any other middle eastern sandwich I've tried.  Go try it- yummy food & easy on the wallet.
Ohhhh my god i love Taim's. Awesome for a quick bite of middle eastern food. And such a great deal for such an authentic quality meal. Got the harissa falafel sandwich - a hint of spices, perfect perfect. Love all the sauces, all the veggies that go in the sandwich. My friend got the green falafel sandwich - slighty different taste, the parsley and mint come out more. If you like more spices go with the harissa. Another friend got the sabich (eggplant /hard boiled egg sandwich) - really good, like a middle eastern version of an egg salad (but better because i dont' like egg salads). Just wish the eggplant/ egg were more evenly dispersed through the sandwich - some bites were all eggplant, some all egg, some all tomato/cucumber. They all would've tasted much better in one bite. I don't understand how people can complain how tiny this place is when you are getting an incredible meal for under $10 and it's an adorable little place in a great neighborhood. There are benches outside too - go enjoy the nice weather!
Take it from a falafel junkie - Taim is the best in the world. I grew up eating falafels in my Israeli father's kitchen. I've eaten them on the streets of Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, London, Los Angeles...nobody does it better. If they ever want to open a Boston location, I'll buy in.
AMazing Falaffel!
love taim. randomly posh location for a cheap and delicious falafel.  the place is ridiculously small; most people litter the benches outdoors to eat.  i've only had the sandwiches in pita but have eyed the fries lovingly.
Taim has the best falafels around - hands down! Everytime i'm in the area, i always make the effort to grab the FALAFEL PLATTER for my boyfriend and the SABICH SANDWICH for myself. Everything about this place is fresh and tasty and fills me up every time (and its hard to say that about vegan dishes). The falafel balls are just delicious. The hummus is smooth as anything and goes with anything they have. The french fries are also excellent. I'm not one to buy drinks other than water but I must say, their GINGER MINT LEMONADE is rockin'! It's not too too sweet but very flavorful. Yes this place is tiny as anything but don't let that deter you from trying their food. Seriouseats.com says its best around and I concur!
I've never had falafel nearly as tasty as this. The carrots and beets taste great, but even they are blown away by the fries. I would (and will) gladly come back here time and time again and bring lots of friends. I don't know how we will fit inside as the shop is truly tiny, but I really don't care. It is that good.
I hate to say that I have found a better falafel than Mamoun's.  They bake their pitas fresh and the falafels are just amazing.  Everything on the menu sounded really great.  I am keeping my 5 star review for Mamouns just for the fact that they only cost $2.50.  They are more expensive here at $5.25 but they are definitely more "deluxe" and totally worth it.  Get the hot sauce in the falafel and on the side as well.  It is olive oil based and awesome.  Venturing out in the first heat wave of 2008 was worth it due to one Taim Falafel and Smoothie Bar.
I got the dish with three different kinds of falafel  OMG YUM
JUST DEVOURED a falafel sample (2 pieces of each kind) AND an entire sabich pita BEAST the falafel was small but so soft and the flavors just burst in your mouth.  i really liked the red pepper one that was slightly sweet. the sabich sandwich was so great. the egg, the salad, the hummus, the eggplant. MELT IN YOUR MOUTH
I don't know how they did it, but I came out of this tiny little place thinking "They've somehow managed to make falafel gourmet." The flavors were interesting, the falafel itself was surprisingly moist, and it was just so. damn. delicious. Easily the best falafel I've had in my (admittedly short) eating career. For those with a big appetite- the portions are definitely small. For my friend and I, we ended up getting the falafel combo plate and an extra side of falafel, and that tied us down until we ventured off to our next eating destination. More is definitely necessary if you like to eat.
Solid. The pitas are the best part (relative to places with similar food). Of the falafel flavors, the green one (parsley, etc.) is my favorite, followed by the spicy one. I've tried a couple of the smoothies, and my favorite so far is the pineapple/coconut - all the smoothies are going for 'refreshing', and this one was the best in that regard.
I had my first falafel here and I do believe that nothing else will ever compare. While I must rather eat like carnivore, everything here is so fresh and tasty that I don't mind coming back here time after time. The smoothies here are so refreshing and goes so well with the falafels. Now if only the bench outside wasn't always full of Taim customers...
I must officially award Taim for making the best falafel I've ever had. The "harissa" version of the falafel to be precise. It contains Tunisian spices which I cannot enumerate at this time. The line is out the door, and it is worth the wait. For a delicious combination, get the falafel sandwich and the ginger/mint lemonade for around $9 total. Truly amazing! It'd be nice if there was more room, as it get crazy stuffy while you're inside waiting at the counter to place the order. But you just deal. That's how it is. The staff is friendly and proud. I really enjoyed my visit here.
THE BEST FALAFEL EVER. If I lived in New York I would be here every week. I tried the spicy Harissa falafel in a whole wheat pita with everything in it. The falafel was perfectly crisp on the outside but melts in your mouth once you bite into it. It was just the right amount of spiciness (but I can handle a good amount of spice) and the added condiments complimented the falafel well. I tried the Ginger mint lemonade after reading yelp reviews but I was not impressed. There just wasn't enough Ginger or mint flavor to really make it that much different than regular lemonade. Everything on the menu looked delicious...one day I'll make it back to try it all.
Definately the best falafel I've ever had. The fries are a must!
i admit, i came after i saw the throwdown episode, but i also came because i love falafel. had the green falafel with a pomegranate iced tea and loved both! the tea was perfectly tangy and sour, yet you could still taste the pomegranate flavors. the falafel was perfect! the balls were fried well and the dressings married together very nicely. every bite was delicious and uniform. i never got a "salad moment", when the entire bite is just the vegetable. the place itself is tiny so i recommend you go before the lunch rush, but its well worth it in my opinion!
Five stars for having options. Five stars for every type of falafel here. Red Pepper is my favorite but the green and harissa are amazing too. Five stars for filling my pita up with more than just lettuce and tomatoes. Taim is worth the extra half mile walk and the extra $3 for the sandwich, versus Malmoun's. I love that its filled with fresh hummus and israeli salad and cabbage. EIther the falafel balls are smaller than Malmoun's or you just get more of them... Whatever it is, there is definitely "more" in their sandwiches that make them way better than anyone else's. I've tried a variety of salads there, including the beets, eggplant, tabouilli, and the babaganoush. The teas are also quite good and I highly recommend the pomegranate honey, as well as the ginger lemonade. Also, they carry San Pellegrino Aranciata which is just awesome. People seem to enjoy the fries, though I must not e a french fry kind of girl since I wasn't overwhelmed by them -- interesting sauce though. Also, their baklava is divine! The falafel platter is a great meal too if you've got time to sit and enjoy it or are having it delivered. It's like three meals. Once you eat here, you will never want falafel from any other place. They take freshness to a new level.
I've never had falafel before. But when my wife was just dying to get some good falafel while we're visiting the city and we realized we were staying a block away from Taim, it was a no-brainer. Compared to all if the other falafel I've had in my life, this was the best (and the worst, technically). But seriously...The one thing I have had in abundance is pita. And their pita is amazing. Everything was amazing. In fact, we ate here for the 2nd night in a row. That's saying something.
If I could give 10 stars for falafel it would go to Taim. This gem is amazing. Too small inside, but food is DELISH!!!
Israeli food served by a Hispanic staff playing Mexican country music in the background... an authentic experience. True, like others have said, the portions are pretty big and the flavors of falafel leave you wanting more (both red and green were excellent). The free extras - amba and pickles really made the falafel sandwich an experience. But, the hummus was too watery and so it wasn't quite as good as it should have been.
I love falafel so you know I had to go here. I saw this place on TV and when I first tried it I almost wanted to eat three more plates. I will def go again soon when I can. Very good Falafel
One word: DELICIOUS!! Everything is spiced correctly, fresh, and the perfect crunch. I love it!
fresh, delicious, authentic yet elevated israeli food. seriously good.. wish it were closer to me and slightly bigger. if you like israeli food, you will love this.
I don't really get the hype. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but no better than your local food truck and double the price. Ordered the six Falafel ball with hummus side. I realize it was a side, but was very surprised at how small the Falafel balls were for the $6 price tag. Actually ended up stopping at a halal truck on the way back to the office to purchase some rice with hot/ white sauce for $2.50. My creation was actually less than if I had purchased the Falafel platter at Taim (which does not include rice. Falafel platter w/o rice???  Crazy!) A Falafel platter would have been around $10. Hard for me to rationalize, since one can go to the local halal cart and get a huge Falafel platter for $4 - $5. Falafel balls were good, pretty standard, nothing mind blowing. Hummus was good as well, but no better than Sabre (store bought hummus) or Turkish Kitchen.  Would consider returning to try the fries with dipping sauce, since I've heard good things.  Would be curious to know if the food truck offers the menu at cheaper prices. Space is very small, so def plan on taking out.
Wandered around in circles trying to find this place and finally found it 10 minutes before close. We ordered two harissa falafel sandwiches, fries with the dip and two kinds of lemonade. Ate quickly at the counter while they cleaned up and eventually turned off the lights (okay okay we're leaving). Awesome falafel, very flavorful, moist with a crunchy exterior. The pita was fresh and chewy. Fries were good but didn't get to enjoy more than a few since we got kicked out. Great dipping sauce though. Between the brown sugar lemonade and the ginger mint, I liked the ginger mint one better. So refreshing! Will definitely go back, if only I could remember where it was.
I went to Taim on my vacation to NYC last weekend and seriously tried to go back the very next day. It was that good.  The place was recommended to me via a friend via Gwyneth Paltrow's blog, but it was just amazing. The 3 of us each had a different falafel flavour - I had the Red Pepper, my friend had the traditional, and another friend had the spicy Harissa. My favourite was the Harissa! Spicy and delicious.  Each only for $5.25. Where else can you have an excellent meal in NYC for that little? FYI, it is small, very small, like a closet, so you might have to eat your falafel outside, but who cares!? I will be going back every time I visit NYC.
It really is better than Mamouns. Its crispier and tastier and softer on the inside. I rode my bike from east 95th down to this place. A falafel odyssey well worth it. mamouns for price, taim for taste.
Best falafel sandwich I know of.
My new roommate took me to this place, and I LOVED it! I'm a huge fan of falafels because 1. they're filling 2. they're cheap 3. they're filling. Not only was my falafel filling, it was also TASTY! I ordered the green sandwich with everything on wheat. It was fresh, PACKED with hummus, and I actually felt healthy after eating it, if that helps explain my first experience at Taim. It's a tiny place, so make sure to order to go and eat someplace else. It was so filling, I had to throw away the last few bites of the wheat falafel. I'd probably return many more times since it's so close to my school!
Seeing as many five star reviews of this place makes me rethink my confidence in people's reviews. The food here is very solid albeit slightly expensive for what you get but there is definitely love in the food. The location is great. Tucked away on a beautiful street in a very small storefront you can smell the spice down eagerly as you approach from the North. With only seven or so seats at a window bar I was glad I showed up at an awkward time and was able to skip any struggle for seating. Although the road is quiet enough to sit outside and still enjoy your food on the bench. Their list of smoothies looked semi unique and the flavor profiles sounded delicious but with such a high price tag I couldn't justify the expense and chose the Ginger-Mint tea. Absolutely delicious and probably my favorite part of my experience. I read the entire menu for several minutes taking in the small selection of choices and settling on trying the classics. I ordered a traditional falafel salad on white pita and a side of baba ganoush with a whole wheat pita and zaatar. The falafel was very good. It was packed with fresh mint, cilantro and parsley and boasted a beautiful green interior and crispy outside. Made of primarily bulgur wheat I tasted a hint of coriander which was a pleasantly aromatic finish. The only criticism was that it was slightly under seasoned. It needed more salt and some background notes. Paprika or allepo, something, would have brought it to a seriously ridiculous level. The entire pita itself worked really well. The sauce was good, the Israeli salad was the star. Perfectly seasoned and fresh enough to hold up to the strong overbearing flavor of tahini. The hummus was solid but not life changing. All in all a solid pita. The babaganoush was good not great. It had a great amount of char flavor but seriously lacked some seasoning. The texture was very smooth. Probably took a run on the robot coupe which wasn't terrible. It had a good amount of salt but it needed to be more than just charred eggplant. It could have used some tahini and olive oil and some lemon juice. They would have added to the smokey flavor without being overbearing. Where I work we spice or baba ganoush with zaatar and some other dried spices which give it a much more complex finish but definitely hide the eggplant flavor. The pita served with it was delicious. Veery fresh and soft, lightly rubbed with olive oil and sprinkled quickly with zaatar it was itself delicious. All in all like said the food is very solid. I would give it four stars if it were a better value but at sixteen dollars for a pita and some baba it isn't worth all that expense. I will definitely go back to try some other options which will hopefully blow me a way a little more.
ya know... it was good but it was over priced and it totally ruined it for me.  There was so much going on it that pita it kind of ruined it for me.  The ginger lemonade was good but there was something lacking in my experience. I think I prefer Mamoun's though I was told there are much better than both to have
Josie from Top Chef stepped on my foot here.  Tiny-ass place.  Generally accepted that their falafels are among the best and I'd agree, although they're incredibly heavy.  Their fries aren't so great, but the saffron aioli is.  Sad that they changed the recipe for their lemonade, which used to be pleasantly tart and now tastes like Country Time with mint leaves.
I feel bad writing this review brcause Taiim was one of my go to spots back when they just opened in 2007. Unfortunately like with every hyped up place things have changed a lot recently. The line outside the door seems to be the norm now, which would be fine if it didn't mean 30 min wait for a falafel!! This week it took me 10min to order and 20 more to wait in a tiny space on a hot night when their A/C clearly wasn't enough to cool off the packed place. When I finally got my falafel it was cold (the falafels size seem to shrink with the years as well). There was 5-6 people behind the counter but somehow the process was extremely slow and some of them were confused. I hope it was a bad night and Taiim will get it together to accommodate the growth in clientele. The food is still amazing and falafel (when it's warm) is the best!
I love love love this place. Unpretentious, inexpensive, delicious. Get the falafel sandwich and the hummus. Great place to start your night in the West Village.
Had a falafel platter and it was great, despite the fact they ran out of the spicy kind of falafel. It was late so I won't begrudge them that. The falafel tasted fresh. Also had some of the falafel sandwich which was great value. I will definitely be back.
Little crispy falafels are very tasty, red pepper was my favorite...especially when doused in the delicious hot sauce.  Although this place is best known for falafel, the greek salad is AWESOME!  Totally stole the show and will be my go-to salad from now on - lettuce topped with israeli salad, creamy feta, kalamata olives, and awesome seasoned pita chip croutons.
Strawberry pear water smoothie...cant imagine this being worth $6 but we'll see.. ---- It was unmemorable. =/
It was great! The platter was definitely out of this world. Very original and crispy Falafels that are crunchy and delicious. The whole smoothie and platter combination tasted very healthy and clean too. The pita bread has a good flavor, nice sauces that come with the platter and the smoothies have very unique choices. Too small for dinner or bringing your friends though. Perfect for take-out for bringing one friend.
Best felafel Ive ever tasted. Everything was really high quality. I didnt try a smoothie but I will next time. My boyfriend and I shared the felafel platter. We had the "green" felafel. It was all delicious! I get annoyed when Felafel places cant even make good hommous.. But not this place, it was really tasty. The diced salad, tabouli and pita was good too. They give you 3 side sauces to put on your platter, they were really nice. The place is tiny and gets really crowded. For seating there is only a beach and stools along the window, but the crowd moves pretty fast. Only downside is it is cash only. This place is awesome!! Will definitely be going back!
Everything on the menu is great. Get the sabbich platter if you're hungry. This is the way falafel should be cooked. And the white pita used here is great. I can never seem to find it at Kalustyan.
This is one of the best falafel sandwiches I've ever had; not only are there rotating flavors of falafel, but artfully tucked into the pita was a small selection of Israeli salads. This place is a true upscale corner dining option. I always like stopping here.
This is an amazing place to grab a falafel, that, to quote Peter Travers, "hits you like a shot in the heart"! Even with the outstanding Yelp reviews, the food here was far better than I could have expected. I'm no falafel expert but this was hands down one of the best no-frills meals I've had in New York. Wish I were in this neighborhood more often. If memory serves, they are cash only.
The space was small to the point where thinking about sitting to enjoy your food was impossible. However, the food was great! The service was quick and a good option for my fleeting desire to be a vegan/vegetarian. The food was filling and we got a lot for the price that we paid. The star off is because of no space to eat their food.
Great Sabich Sandwich (tastier than most), Smoothies, and Beet Salad.  Tiny place though, recommend take-out.  Nice staff, reasonable prices.
This is the most mouth-watering falafel sandwiches I've ever had.  And I always get the tradition because it's so good... I need to start trying more things but when Im in NY I just cant get enough of the original.  I am a Mamoun's girl- and for the price it's wonderful- this extra cost for a falafel sandwich at Taim is well worth it.  I can't imagine a better sandwich outside Lebanon, etc
I've been searching for New York City's best falafel stand for three years.  I've finally found her.   Taim's pitas are always soft, its salads fresh, its tahina creamy, and its falafel crispy and full of flavor.  If Taim were closer to the Upper West, I'd be there so often I'd probably turn into a falafel ball -- or at least be as round as one. Taim simply serves the best falafel in New York City, and perhaps in all the New World.
Wow! I'm admittedly such a sucker for a small, owner operated place with a counter and stools.  My friend, Danny, told me to find Taim and after a couple of near misses over the course of a couple weekends, I finally committed to walking the blocks until  I did. He was right, it's REALLY good and a gem. The doorway is papered with write ups and reviews from the NYT, New Yorker and other mags.  Inside... there's about 6 stools, a counter at the window and a tidy kitchen/counter to place an order. The menu up high on chalk boards had what I was looking for- fresh falafel, pita, tabouleh, pita. Yum. I chose the "mix plate" which had all 3 falafel flavors- Cilantro mint, red pepper, cumin.  Accompanied by a fresh, coarsely chopped tomato/cuke salad, tabbouleh (full of bulgar) , a dish with 3 dipping sauces (the spicey was SO good) and fluffy, hot, puffy pita. I couldn't get enough or eat it fast enough.  The pita was fresh, really fresh. The rise was still warm, not your typical pita/flatbread disc we're all used to. The dipping sauces were really good, tasty, fresh and a compliment to the falafel. I'll admit that I'm not a falafel expert but I like what I taste and loved what Taim served up. Each was freshly prepared, a small ball bigger than a jaw breaker but smaller than the ping pong size we're used to. The flavors were distinctly different and subtley delicious. It's NOT an easy place to find. Not because it's hidden, instead because it's on the side streets off the avenue, has a no profile store front and the TAIM sign hangs high, up near the tree line. Search for it and you'll be rewarded. I can't wait to go again and hope there's NOT a line.
This place really lives up to all the hype.  we got here at 630 which was great bc half an hour later the line was ridiculous.  i had the mixed falafel platter which had 3 types of falafels the traditional, red and harissa.  All were excellent and not dry at all which is what i always find to be a problem with falafel.  The tabouli and israeli salad were so light and fresh.  For 10 bucks including pita and hummus, it is well worth it!
Cute little spot in Soho/Little Italy. Some of the BEST falafel I have ever had. Go with the mixed platter. All three varieties are bomb nation baby! The two side salads aren't bad either. I'd take a star off for the employees who kept fooling around and taking selfless and having no interest in working, but the falafel was just too damn good.
There are some good looking people that work here, I'll tell you what. *ahem* Anyway, great, great, GREAT food. I take friends here with pride because it's amazing, affordable and enough hole-in-the-wall that I look cool for knowing about it.
I saw Taim twice this week on the Food Network (both times on "Throwdown with Bobby Flay") and the falafel looked AMAZING. I have had the good fortune in my life to have eaten at one of the best falafel stands in the world, L'As du Fallafel, in Paris (thinking about that sandwich make me teary, it was SO good). When I saw how fresh and authentic the food at Taim looked on the show, and read such great reviews (on Yelp and elsewhere), I just had to try it. So on this cold, icy morning, DH and I decided to schlep to the West Village to have some delicious fried chickpea balls. DH got the red pepper, I got the green. We each had a few bites of each other's sandwich - they were indistinguishable from each other. Everything tasted underseasoned, and it all just meshed together. I could tell it was all very fresh, but no one taste/flavor stood out. Just fried chickpea balls with sauce and crunchy things (veggies). Maybe we went on an off day. Maybe we should have ordered a platter, which comes with all of the salads on the side and some additional sauces for dipping. My issue with that option is that falafel is supposed to be street food, not fork and knife food, so the pita should be their focus and best expression of the falafel. Also, for a place whose focus/specialty is falafel, they shouldn't have an off day. We might go back to try it again. For the price ($15 for both of us, including beverages), I think they deserve a second chance.
i've enjoyed Taim through the years. Went there for lunch yesterday and although the food was quite tasty overall, I have a bit of a bone to pick... They were a little rude (forgivable, it is cramped and the line may seem endless to them) I ordered $30 worth of food- various platters/salads... when I got my to-go bag, I asked if there was harissa in the bag and the server looked at me like I was evil and said "you mean hot sauce?, yes it is in there- of course!" I said thank you and when I got to my destination and unpacked the bag for my friend and I... guess what was missing??? Yep, the harissa aka "hot sauce" as well as the salad dressing for my $10 Greek salad. Needless to say, it made the rest of the order not quite as enjoyable even though all the food components that WERE there, were tasty. Just annoying, I guess. My friend told me to either go back (10 blocks)to tell them or shut up and stop complaining.... my friend was right, of course, but I thought I'd Yelp too.
Love this place! I had the mixed falafel platter. Everything was absolutely delicious and fresh. Staff was helpful and was happy to give recommendations. It would be nice if there was a larger space for seating, but I understand in NY that may be difficult. Overall great experience!
Yum!!  This place is tiny and you'll most likely have to take it to go unless you get lucky and can get a stool by the window. The different varieties of falafel are really tasty. While I've had better falafel this place is certainly rivals the best. I love that the pitas are fresh and they have a whole wheat options as well. I ordered the platter with a sampler of all three varieties along with hummus. It was delicious! They have amazing smoothies. I loved the tamarind pear. A must try in NYC for sure!
Taim is the clean, healthy falafel joint. Exhibit A - the minimal amount of grease found on a paper bag that recently contained a bunch of falafel balls. Exhibit B - the incredibly minimal amount of feta they put on the Greek salad. Exhibit C - the smoothies. Yes, smoothies + falafel. I enjoy Taim's mint lemonade, Moroccan spiced carrots, eggplant, spicy sauce in the tiny little plastic containers, and their willingness to deliver my falafel while it's still hot. The hummus is decent (if bland and lacking some Tahini), and the pita with the zatar topping is pretty excellent. If you are a seriously greasy, flavorful, saucy, get-it-from-ear-to-ear gyro and pita eater, you will feel like a 30something West Village mom toting juice and a yoga mat called you fat and forced you to go on a diet. If you want something fresh, to go, and lacking in diseases or sketchiness, this is certainly your jam.
Best falafel & pita in NYC. The place is tiny so don't expect to find a seat. Great for takeouts.
Best falafel in the west village (and possibly all of manhattan). I'll make it simple for you... order the "red falafel on white with extra hot sauce," and if you need more food get the fries.
Food is everything it's supposed to be, minus the fries which were kind of soggy. We got the spicy falafel with wheat pita wrap, banana & strawberry smoothie, and the fries. On our "definitely coming back and tell all our friends list."
Lots of food for $10; awesome flavor.  Definitely worth eating here, but if you're not taking the food to go, it would be best to go during off hours as there are only like 3 places to sit inside.
good fast fresh i always forget they have smoothies
It's been two years since I moved from New York to Houston, and I can honestly say that I would give my left ovary to have Taim in walking distance from me again. Needless to say, this place is most definitely worth the hype. Like everyone else's praises that have been sung, the stand-out star of this place is the falafels. Never having had a falafel before coming here, one bite of that succulent sandwich is all it took for me to declare the falafel my Lord Jesus and Savior. Well, not really, but it was definitely a religious experience. First off, everything here is made from scratch. Even though I've never confirmed that, my taste buds have. Everything that goes into their falafel sandwich is so expertly crafted, and beautifully melded together. Their pita is doughy yet fluffy, the falafels have an ever so delicate crisp on the outside, yet are surprisingly moist in the middle, and their hummus is some of the most smooth and creamy hummus you'll ever have. All of that paired with their refreshing cucumber based israeli salad, and pickled cabbage is what dreams are made of. All in all, this is probably the best sandwich I've ever had, which is confirmed by the puddle of drool that is developing on my keyboard as I write this review. Take heed though, this isn't a sit down restaurant, but more of a grab and go type of place. But don't expect to wait too long for your food, because the guys who work behind the assembly line are like a well oiled machine. If you're trying this for the first time though, my suggestion is to eat it as soon as you get it. Also, whatever you do, don't you dare let anyone talk you into sharing. I've lost a lot of friendships because of this, but really who needs friends when you can have falafels.
Finally dragged the husband there.  He tried the falafel, hummus and beet salad.  I had the harissa falafel sandwich with everything on it again.  All were delicious.   Best falafel around!
Best falafel I've ever had! And if it's your first time definitely get the sabich sandwich. It sounds like it makes no sense (fried eggplant, hadrboiled eggs, cucumber...) but it's amazing; maybe even better than the falafel.
AMAZING I would give this place a million stars if I could. I live around the corner from it so it is even better. Harissa on whole wheat with feta..... add hot sauce... to die for. literally!!!!!!
I have been wanting to try this place for a long time. Finally had lunch there the other day. So good I went back again yesterday.  The falafel here is hard to beat. Outside of Mama's Vegetarian, my all time favorite in Philadelphia, this place is right at the top of my list. They offer three different falafel flavors along with a flavor of the day. I did not taste a big difference between the red and the jalepeno spinach after after all the toppings are applied. First of all, not greasy at all. The whole wheat pizza is warmed up and perfect. They load in the toppings which include hummus, tahini, Israeli salad and cabbage, along with a sauce.  I got some extra green sauce on the side which has a nice kick. The first visit I got a side beet salad. Fresh and tasty...just too much food with the falafel. These sandwiches are sure to fill you up. At around $7 you can't beat this deal based on quality, taste and overall satisfaction. Great menu with lots of salads and sides. The house cut french fries looked great as well.  Very limited seating for about 8-10 people.
Good falafel and smoothies, who would have thought? I thoroughly enjoyed the falafel sandwich and the pineapple smoothie I ordered.  The establishment itself is about as hole-in-the-wall as you can get, a few seats crammed into a closet-sized customer area, so be prepared for the possibility of an outdoor standing lunch.  That's OK, though, after a brisk wait, you'll probably be too busy enjoying the falafel to care!
Yup. It is the best falafel in New York. Other reviewers have covered all the essentials- fresh, delicious, excellent side sauces, very good pita, fabulous tasty falafel balls, and real tabbouleh. Just don't count on sitting down.
Spent two days in new York and of everything we tried this was the best.  Had a falafel sandwich and sat outside on some steps to eat it. Soooo good. They also have a nice smoothie bar. The place is really small so there are only about five stools inside and two park benches outside.
Great little lunch spot! Delicious fast food. There aren't many seats, just a small breakfast bar with a few stools, but as I was sat there, there were so many people stopping by for takeaways. The fries were way too salty but my falafal platter was great - so much hummus and so filling! I will definitely be showing this little hotspot to friends.
Best falafel in the city.   Pro tip: You CAN order delivery, which solves the whole dilemma of finding/not finding seating.  They're pretty fast, too!  It's not on Seamless -- call them on the phone, and pay cash on delivery.  Done. For a change of pace, sometimes I get the assortment of salads.  My favorites are cabbage, eggplant, and baba ghanouj (extra charge) with hot, fluffy pita bread to scoop them all up, and extra hot sauce.  I secretly know the eggplant salad is soaked in olive oil, but I don't care.  YUM.
3.5 stars if you really must be precise.  I love falafel and I have been to Taim a few times. The food is good but the space it too tiny (thank God for the new location). I also think they charge way too much for what they offer.  I am budget conscious. If you are not then by all means enjoy the food. I like to cook at home so after having Taim a few times I decided to recreate their ingredients and I have had moderate success. I like the taste and although not perfect, it comes close. Much cheaper than $7. My homemade version costs about $2 a serving. I would recommend you try it and make your own decision. Also try their eggplant dish. It is very delicious but again pricey. Update: I have brought a few friends/coworkers and they have fallen in love with the place. It is $7 which in the city seems to be the normal price, but they fill it to the max so I can't complain too much about the price. For me though, I will only come once or twice a month.
Love the food and the date lime banana smoothie!
A surprisingly long line out of this tiny little hole-in-the-wall spot late on a Sunday afternoon. The guy who took my order was distracted and looking over my shoulder the entire time, and didn't wait for me to complete my order before ringing up the total. And then I had to remind him about my drink when my order was ready. The food was good, but not exceptional and the service definitely needs improvement.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I split the falafel sampler platter with a side of tabouleh with my friend and boy was it yummmy.  The whole wheat pita with hummus was also delectable. For $11, it was a perfect meal. OOO and try the Pear, Mint, Lemon smoothie. Oh so refreshing Beware it is really a to go place and although the staff was efficient, it did get a wee bit crowded at times. It would nice if there was more room to sit inside (plus some real deal AC) but whatever, sitting on a stoop and eating a falafel is about as new york as you can get.
The falafel here is amazing and presented very nicely, despite the ultra-small eating area!
Very good falafel and one of my go-to places if I want something light but filling.
Fantastic food. Great prices. My favorite lunch spot! If your hungry order the platter with a sampling of falafel. The falafel and hummus side order is rather filling as well and only $6!
Three different falafels. The spicy was my favorite, but original was really good too. The hummus was so creamy and fresh.
One of the best falafel joints in NYC - only falafel place I've ever been where there is a variety of chutneys and where black bean and roasted red pepper falalafels are available!!!
This place has AMAZING food for a very affordable price. Only drawback is the fact that it's a tiny shop with literally only a few window seats available, but its definitely worth it if you just want some of the best falafel you've ever had.
Had the falafel platter to try each of the 3 types of falafel balls. Harrissa was a clear winner...the hummus was superb (I just came back from 3 months in middle east) and the best surprise was the whole wheat pita with zatar. Can share this plate between two people. Awesome place!
Okay, but frankly the falafel balls were raw inside, raw chickpeas are impossible to digest and taste like walpaper paste with crunchy bits thrown in.. If all you make is one thing.. do it right.. cook you balls until done, I don't care how busy you are..
Now this is a great falafel place. We ordered the Mixed Falafel Platter ($10), which consists of three kinds of falafel (traditional, red pepper, and harissa), hummus, pita , tabouli, and israeli salad plus a trio of sauces. The flavors were all vibrant and clean. While it is a simple shop, the food is done in a chef-oriented manner: well crafted and thoughtful plated -- quite a departure from the more production falafel joints. Taim is definitely a neighborhood gem. By the way, do not forget to wash it down with house-made ginger mint lemonade.
cute little israeli restaurant with good smoothies.  their lunch menu/buffet, though small, is delicious.  i have strict dietary restrictions, and the main chef was very accommodating and made me a great meal that was not on the menu.
Great but not the best ... I'll give them that ... Great sauce but not the best falafel Worth the try for sure
Awesome find and the food is amazing. They do a good job with food options and it was all vegetarian. Try the 3 kinds of falafel and their smoothies are really tasty. If you were a fan of mamoun's falafel then you will fall in love with Taim.
I live close by and eat here once or twice a week. There are few Indian places around me and whenever I have a hunkering for some flavor, I go to Taim. They have so much flavor oozing out of the falafel sandwich, that it's hits the spot of the Indian in me. I get the Harissa which I think is the best of the 3 sauces. I also love the carrots they have, so ask them to put them in my sandwich. By now they know me, so they do it themselves :) Really fresh, really what Middle eastern food is supposed to be. Seating space is limited and it's your luck if you get seats. They have 1 outdoor bench, which is handy. But for me it's about the food and man, it is awesome !
whoa whoa whoa! i went back and had their sabich platter. what a great alternative to falafel. a huge layout of hummus, israeli salad, moroccan carrots, fried eggplant, hard-boiled egg and their incredibly fluffy pita. im not crazy about their israeli salad (needs more lemon and salt or something) but the carrots are not to be missed and i layered slices of the egg over eggplant and drizzled some pickled mango chutney on it (part of the trio of sauces that comes with your dish) and it was amazing! again, tight squeeze which can get pretty frustrating, but if you're lucky enough to get a seat it'll pretty much make your day.
I ordered the falafel sampler for delivery. When it arrived, the bag was completely drenched in oil. I took the falafel out of the bag to find they were all completely smashed, broken apart, and crumbling. Not the delicious falafel balls I wanted, but a flat greasy mess.
If I was to design a test to detect robots who are disguised as humans, it would probably involve having them eat here and saying if they enjoyed it or not. Those who don't obviously enjoy oil instead of delicious falafel. I've taken vegans who have tried falafel from all sort fo places and have gotten a universal reply, "That was the best I've ever had." The green falafel sandwich is the best thing on the menu, I get it everytime. I've been meaning to Branch out but it is so good and consistent that I order by reflex everytime I go here. The smoothies are rather expensive so i usually get a ginger mint lemonade instead. Go here. Eat. Be happy.
I am a falafel enthusiast and I've tasted falafel from Jordan, Syria, Israel, Boston, and New York. Taim's falafel will blow your fucking mind. Even more mindblowing is the Israeli sabich sandwich, which is the true gem of Taim's menu. Even though some people HATE hardboiled eggs, the ingredient works very well in this sandwich. Give it a try. Notable dishes: sabich, zahatar pita, date banana smoothie. Ordering tip: if the weather is especially nice, get your sandwich and smoothie to go, then walk over to the Hudson River Park and enjoy the nice weather and view!
Best falafel in NYC, period.  The owner beat bobby flay on throw down.
Yes, yes, yes! Lives up to the hype... Super fresh ingredients, falafel was light and tasty, hummus was perfection, too. Even the smoothie was just right. Prompt service. Another spot on the list of "why I miss New York!" Would I return here? Won't be soon enough!
My favorite place in NYC to grab a healthy delicious lunch!!! I wish they would open a branch in Hell's Kitchen........ Fresh ingredients, unique and wonderful flavors.. Just about every single take out/ lunch joint in the city could/should learn from them!!!!
I could see this being the kind of place that if I lived near it (i.e. anywhere in NYC) I would come to very often and get to know all the different menu offerings, of which there are many, of which all look fantastic. I went with the classic falafel sandwich and got the red falafel because it appeared to be the one with the most spice. It was done superbly, with copious amounts of tasty veggies in the pita cozying up with the excellent falafel balls and a delightful tzatziki sauce moistening everything up. They've basically got it dialed in at Taim. They keep things simple and offer the basics done really well with enough varieties to keep it interesting. Their smoothies look awesome too. Next time in NYC, I'll be back for sure.
three flavors of falafel, amazing smooth hummus, pita covered with some  kind of deliciousness.. if i lived nearby i don't know that if my lunches and dinners would exist of much else. only downpoint was the line out the door...but the food was totally worth the $20 cab back to the UES so we could devour it ASAP.
Tiny falafel joint of 7th ave. Highly recommend stoping in for a healthy snack.  The red falafel is the most popular (medium spicy).  I don't like spicy food, but I agree that red is the best. If you sit with a friend their mixed platters are a great snack the chat over.  That is of you are there one of the rare times seating is available.
I think this place is small but the energy is great. The owner greets you with a smile and the food leaves you wanting more ...
Loved this place!  When I read reviews it was a small "restaurant".. I don't think I realized just how small it was really going to be.  There were about 5-6 plastic stools you could sit on, facing outside towards the street.  There is also a bench right outside too.  It is not so much a restaurant per say-- but more so a take away kind of place. With that said, the food was great!  I got a falafel sandwich with came with veggies, pickles, sauce, lettuce, hummus, etc.  It was around $5.50(?) and I also got a pear-mint-lime smoothie which was very refreshing, light, and ice-y.  My friend got one of the platters which came with roasted eggplant, hummus, boiled egg, salad, and carrots. We paid $23.50 for 1 falafel sandwich, 1 platter, and 1 smoothie.  I will definitely go back!  The employees are efficient.  It was super packed when we went with about 10 people waiting  but there was barely a wait- went by very quickly.
Hands down, this is the best falafel I've had. I'm not a huge falafal fan in the first place but I think the falafel from this place has converted me into a fan. I particularly like how the falafel itself isn't as fried as most places, the vegetables are seasoned and they give you free pickles as a topping! The sandwich doesn't seem to be a lot but its actually quite filling. I would definitely travel to specifically get this!
Best falafel's I've ever had. I'm a sauce man so I loved all of their sauces too. It was a little cramped inside because it was full of people but it's great for carry out. The tabbouleh was good too. Good meal and light on the stomach.
Few weeks ago, I bookmarked this place to give it a try. Bought the falafel platter, it tastes amaze balls! it includes israeli salad, tabbouleh, three sauces, seven small pieces of falafel and the famous hummus. For how the other plates of their menu look like, I guess that they should taste delicious and fresh as well. I didn't know that this place was extremely small. More than 4 people can't fit at this place, so just go in, and take your order to go.
come to brooklyn please, we can't bear to be without your delicious company!
Came here about a month ago when it was 100 degrees out with a party or 4. We managed to get the limited seating along the window. Was very hot indoors and the AC was on, but the seats on the bench outside were taken (much more breezy). I had a Harissa Hummus Sandwich with a mint ginger lemonade. The sandwich was awesome, the spiciness and dressing was just right. It was good even though the heat might make you loss appetite. It was a little messy for me eating the sandwich, the platter might be better if you like to be more clean. My cousin and friend shared a platter and I took a taste, the platter came with more variety of flavors and sauces. As for the popular mint ginger lemonade, it wasn't anything too special to me. The lemonade was refreshing, but was too sweet for me even though I have a sweet tooth.
Really great value for what you get. Great for on-the-go. Definitely check out their Date-Lime-Banana smoothie.
Wow. This place has by far the best felafel I have ever tried! That, and the saffron fries equals perfection. Try the strawberry, raspberry and thai basil smoothie to balance it out. Taim is small with about 7 stools so a lot of customers take out. I will be back!
Hole in the wall. Worth the price, go with the classic--green. The spicy one was good, but not as good as the classic.
Best Falafel in NYC! Only complaint is the size of the store and the cash only policy
Ok, I didn't have any food here, just the Pear, Mint, Lemon Smoothie, which was AMAZING!! I was trying to find a decent smoothie place in the area, from north Union Square all the way down towards NYU. Needless to say, this was an amazing smoothie, based on my search. Who know the combination would taste so good?
oh the parsley falafel!!! I got the combo platter to try each kind and the green one's are definately my favoriate.  Seating is tricky, there are about 4 bar stools, definately take out, and grab a pear smoothie.  People tend to hand out on the chairs even when not eating, so i wouldn't risk it.
Believe it. The best falafel in the city. Absolutely. Fill that pita up with as much good stuff as you possibly can. Grab one of the 5 stools they have in this sliver of a restaurant. Devour.
Excellent falafels and smoothies. The toppings were fresh and delicious. And, the smoothie combos are unique. Banana, lime, date was the one I had. I try to recreate it at home now since I don't live there.
The falafels are wonderful. I got the mixed falafel and it was a great deal and lots to eat. Also, get the ginger leamonade.
How much does authenticity matter to you?  My friend who we went to lunch with mentioned that I seem to be very obsessed with authenticity.  When it comes to restaurants I want native clans people making food of their ancestors.  If you go into a sushi restaurant and Korean is being spoken behind the bar, be suspicious.  Run don't walk (FYI I'm Korean).  So when I walk into Taim and see Isrealis making falafel I feel good.  I feel great.  I feel as if I'm in Haifa lying on the beach eating great crispy moist flavorful not greasy or heavy falafel.  I am sweaty because its hot in the place and the line is long.  I am happy because the falafel is grand, the hummus is mooth and not too tahini-ey and the pita is warm, which my Israeli friend says is a no-no.
Get the falafel! It's soooo good!
Outstanding
I love falafel, so I very much enjoyed this place tucked away in the Meatpacking District. First of all, our cashier was among the friendliest in Manhattan and recommended things based on what we like-which is always helpful!  My wheat pita with Harissa was very good and filling and I had to take the rest home with me. I also added feta and egg to it, upon suggestion and was very pleased with everything!  I also got a smoothie-pear, lime and mint I believe and it was most definitely something I would order again! Very pleased with each bit of this visit, likely to return again!
I'd recommend stopping off at Taim, a lovely little Arabic themed veggie cafe in the Village. I had  a restorative strawberry, raspberry and Thai basil smoothie combined with a snack of smoky baba ganoush on a slightly charred and obviously fresh pita.
This place has been rated so highly everywhere... I just had to try it. We trekked all the way from East Village and finally found our way to this teeny little restaurant. Not much seating, but just enough for all of us to take over the place. Service was extremely friendly, the food was outstanding, and the prices were reasonable. I shared 2 Mixed Falafel platters with 2 other people. It was just the right amount of food. You get a taste of all three types of falafel, some hummus, tabouleh, cucumber salad, and pitas. I found out I like smaller falafel, due to the higher surface area to innards ratio... I likey my crunchiness. The pitas had this awesome seasoning on them... All of us were quietly eating... too busy enjoying the food to talk. It's just too good.
Despite the hype, it really is that THAT good... you may be able to find better on the streets of Tel Aviv, but this isn't Tel Aviv is it? It's New York where it's relatively easy to get a falafel, good, bad and everything in between and at the end of the day, Tiam is a cut above the rest.
This is the best falafel I have had in North America,bar none. I had the roasted red pepper falafel with a ginger-mint lemonade. A symphony on the taste buds! For a quick and cheap meal that leaves you satisfied, Taim is a must.
Awesome falafel sandwich.  All of the ingredients are of high quality.  The place is tiny with a hip vibe.  Comparatively, I like Azuri a bit better - more going on inside the pita.  Taim definitely lives up to its hype.
Pronounced TAH-IM, the most amazing falafels. Both selection and taste wise. Wow. I didn't know so much could be packed inside a pita bread, which by the way does not taste like any pita bread you can buy in a store or food truck. They were generous with the falafel balls (I lost count after 3) and fresh salad, and at the bottom, oh my, hummus. What a pleasant surprise. If you haven't been there yet, please go.
At my peak, I was ordering some combination of a falafel/fries/hummus from here around 3x/week.  I love it.
Taim, Taim, Taim. I had such high hopes and expectations from you. I've seen the raving reviews and all the hype on yelp about this falafel place for years, but I never had the chance to actually try it. Every time I visited NY I wanted to try it, but somehow or another it just never happened, or I couldn't find their truck. Today, I decided to actually walk out of the way to finally try it. After 25 minutes, I had arrived. I love eggplants, so I wanted to get the Sabich sandwich which had fried eggplants, hard boiled egg, cabbage, and some other stuff. What I wanted was a falafel sandwich, and just add a piece or two of eggplant, but the staff firmly said "No, can't do that". Any other falafel place will let you do it since it's either in their salad bar, or for an additional fee, but not here. So, I opted to get the Sabich, and half of a falafel sampler (a single falafel of their flavor, so 3 total). Somehow, just these two things added up to be $12. When I got my sandwich, I noticed the falafel wasn't served. The guy didn't read the order fully, so he had to make it, and served them to me 3 minutes later. OK, I can overlook all of these things, its not the worst thing. However, the sandwich, it was a complete disaster. Upon opening it, it literally leaked oil. I've eaten some greasy food before, but this was by far the oiliest, most messy sandwich I've ever eaten. I kept wiping my hand and mouth with napkins, and by the end 4 individual napkins were completely translucent from the oil. Also, the texture and flavor were so odd, just didn't work. The sandwich was really soggy, and within 2 or 3 bites, it just fell apart. I complained to the kitchen and asked if its normal for it to be that greasy, and they just laughed and said "well, you got fried eggplant, so yeah, it'll be oily." Pretty much blamed me for getting it, despite never have being there or knowing about the establishment. I felt disgusted after, as if I drank straight vegetable oil, and ended up buying an apple from a fruit stand to get my mouth to feel normal again. Now I know what you're saying, "When you come to a falafel place, order the falafel sandwich stupid." However, just because its a falafel place, doesn't mean everything else has to be garbage. You can get a falafel from Mamoun, but their shwarma is just as great.  To have a disaster of a sandwich as the Sabich, it just doesn't make sense. On top of that, the staff doesn't care about customers, and are too busy just talking amongst themselves instead. I will say, the actual falafels from the sample were really good. Though it was over priced for 3 tiny pieces of falafel, it did deliver on the flavor. The red pepper one being my favorite of the 3. If it wasn't for the falafels, I would've def. gave it a one star. If you go here, stick with only falafels.
Harissa Falafel was really tasty! Apple/Pear/Tamarind smoothie was pretty fabulous, too. Small space but the food totally makes up for it. Heck, I even saw a couple eating outside on the bench in the freezing cold! :)
I don't have falafel very often, but this place definitely tops everywhere else I've eaten. I've heard that Taim has the best falafel in NYC, and just from my one visit, I am inclined to believe it. I had the basic sandwich with green falafel, and it was within my hands in just a few minutes. The sandwich was delicious and surprisingly filling. I can't wait to come back and try the other menu options!
i used to always go to mamoun's cuz theyre good and cheap but taim's falafel is worth the spending the extra bucks. best falafel in the city in my opinion. i like the red falafel the best. too bad this place isnt closer to where i live.
As delicious as everyone says it is! I had the Falafel w/ Harissa and "the works" today. Sure it's more expensive than mamouns but you get an entire pita (wheat or white) filled with fresh ingredients! Definitely worth the extra $$. The smoothies are also great. I had the banana, date, and lime and it was really lite and tasty (didn't really taste the lime). Overall, I'll be back here for sure. I saw some people w/ the platters and they looked awesome! My friend also had the fried eggplant falafel which I'll try next time and the ginger lemonade which was really refreshing and cut the spice of the falafel a bit. Only complaint was that we went at 12:30 and it took about 10-15 min to get our food (they had some big take-out/call in orders to fill or something). Speedier service would be nice especially during my lunch break but the food was so good I forgot I was peeved about waiting ;)
Falafels were perfectly seasoned with a great crunch.  Hummus and israeli salad were fresh and tasty, and having a choice of whole wheat pita is a bonus!
My friends and I trekked here once in the winter from uptown cuz we heard some good things.  Absolutely worth the visit.  It's a great choice for a quick and tasty meal -- really cheap and delicious falafel served with various sauces, and we also ordered a side of fries that was also really yummy.  It's a very small and cute little corner place with friendly people -- perfect for a casual meal in the West Village.
Taim uses a lot of eggs in their sandwich filling and I love it.  The best part is the pita is great!! Ask for the hot and yellow(i think it's mango) sauces.
Best falafel i've ever had. Only a few seats though and the lines can be very long. Definitely worth it for the taste and price though.
Good falafel with a variety of flavors. It is so small though and a little bit disorganized. I'd wait maybe 10 minutes for a sandwich but if the wait were longer, I'd skip it.
This place is really good!  Love the yummy mini sized falafel balls in the different flavors (the red is my fave).  I like going here on a chillaxed Saturday afternoon during the summer and sitting outside enjoying my delicious combo meal with the 3 types of falafel, hummus and israeli salad.  The service is also really friendly and nice.
When we went to Taim today, they were CLOSED!
I feel so guilty. I feel like I'm cheating on mamoun's every time I stop here for lunch. If you ask me what my favorite falafel in the city is I'll still say mamoun's falafel sandwich. it's just a classic and you can't beat the value. Taim is a very close second though. Why is that? - the portions are way bigger! Their falafel sandwiches are larger, more filling, more expensive but also offer more variety. - 3 kinds of falafel! I either get the green falafel or the Harissa, if you love spicy food like me then the Harissa is calling your name. - Israeli salad in the falafel sandwich! The flavor combinations are just wonderful      What Taim is missing is a great hot sauce, it just doesn't come close to mamoun's fiery sauce!     If you're willing to spend a little more on falafel I'd definitely recommend Taim, the portion is about twice the size of mamoun's falafel so you are getting your moneys worth.       I guarantee that anyone would be happy with a big fat falafel sandwich from here, you'll make friends pretty fast by introducing people to this deliciousness. It's a grab and go type deal, grab a few for friends and they'll love you, yes even the carnivores!
Taim is on my weeknight takeout rotation. I love coming here because the ingredients taste more fresh and thoughtful than greasy dirty falafel places. I usually stick with the harissa falafel sandwich, but have gotten their fries with saffron aioli, which are great too. The only problem is they get soggy walking the 7 minutes to my apt. But that's common with fries and takeout, I guess. They also have really good hummus to go, and it's more creamy than buying it at the supermarket, so I'd recommend that too.
So, my husband is a falafel fiend.  And, like so many NYU alums, he's got a soft spot for Mamoun's.  I, too, like a good falafel, but I've never understood the hype about Mamoun's.  In the interest of marital harmony, I decided to see if Yelp could suggest a falafel we could both be happy with.  It did- Taim is falafel we can both be ecstatic about. Every ingredient in the falafel sandwich is top notch- the israeli salad is fresh, the pita tastes home-made and fresh from the oven, and the falafel balls are crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  Each of the three flavors of falafel are different, and all are equally delicious.  The fries are nice and skinny, although not the crispiest I've had, and the saffron aioli was no great shakes.  The ginger lemonade made up for the lackluster fry sauce, though- it was perfectly balanced and really refreshing.   Really good food, really cheap.... we can both get our falafel fix, happily.
Got a falafel plate. So good!
The falafel and hummus were really fresh and yummy. But it comes with very basic salad fillings. Which maos does and I missed having that. I had the banana and dates smoothie, which was delicious. I will definitely go back. Will go to maos, taim and mamoons in rotation, in that order of preference.
Everyone loves this place. I have been a few times. Maybe I am not ordering right, but I don't think it is that great.  I don't get why everyone loves it so much?
Food is pretty good and fresh. I live in a Middle Eastern neighborhood and I had much better food in Astoria. The reason why I gave this a three star is because Taim is seriously overpriced for what is, in reality, a hole in the wall with small portions. I spent $20 on my food and drink, they have 6 stools squeezed together by the window and connected small table. Eating there, you'll get bumped, elbowed and you'll feel someones breath on your neck. The portions aren't that big so you will want to get something else on the side. They also only accept cash, I honestly never liked the cash only places. Its 2012, the only reason why places are cash only are to scam IRS, Trust me. I wouldn't mind it being cash only if they didn't rape customers with their prices.
Best falafel we had in a long time!
I had the green falafel with hummus here. Probably one of the best falafels and hummus I've had in NYC. The place is super small with barely enough room to sit. I give it a 4 since the staff wasn't very helpful or friendly. Maybe it was bc they were closing up but still...
The sabich sandwich is absolutely to die for. Delicious. I also tried their mediterranean platter - everything was so, so, so fresh! My sister was raving about their hummus and eggplant salad for the rest of the day. Oh, and the thought of their date/lime/banana smoothie is causing me to salivate. I'd come back for the smoothie alone, but next time I will try their falafel! Can't wait.
Falafel AND smoothies? count me in! This place definitely lives up to the reviews. I had the pear-mint-lemon smoothie (weird combination, i know) and it was amazingly refreshing and crisp! Perfect way to cap off an evening during a super long heat wave! Most people ordered to go since the seating area is super small (not to mention hot); so, grab a paper bag from inside and sit on it on the steps of buildings nearby. The mixed falafel platter is amazingly not greasy, so you can easily eat this without a ton of guilt.
This place is magic. MAGIC.  Love the falafel (plus all delicious salads), love the friendly service, love the fresh soups...and now they even have a food truck so they're all around the city!  If I didn't live close to the original location, I would still travel for this falafel sandwich.  Finally a place to give Mamoun's a run for their money!
The falafel sandwich + date, lime and banana smoothie = guilt free and utterly satisfying lunch! I had the traditional green falafel and my partner had the kaprissa (orange) falafel and they were both amazing. I'll keep coming back here! Note: There is only space for about 7 people to sit inside so it is not suitable for groups.
Very much a fan of Sabich, and had a craving... Taim definitely delivered on my craving. Velvety hummus surrounding a deliciously fried eggplant slice and hard boiled egg, the pita is also very good. I've also had the pleasure of ordering smoothies here before which are definitely worth trying if nearby too (I love cantaloupe, who else puts them in a smoothie?!). I call ahead, because it can get pretty busy (and I hate ordering delivery)... seating is definitely limited though, so beware! Quality of the food: 4/5
First time having falafel. Yum. Huge portions and you get warm pita with these spices on it. Their hummus was good and so was their tabouleh, it was nice and fresh even though it's served from that little counter. The three types of falafel balls were all good. I especially liked the green one. I also got their date and lime shake. So refreshing. I like how small and cozy the spot is but it's always crowded with no seats available. I think there are around 6 seats so I can imagine how hectic it can get during the day time (I went around 11PM).
what a treat.  i actually stopped eating falafel for several years after consistently getting mediocre bland falafel accompanied by extremely uninspired fixings at various other places.   this place is legit, fresh, tasty, and is how falafel was meant to be.   I now feel like a born again falalel consumer.  oh la la.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while now after seeing the awesome reviews. My friend and I happened to be going somewhere in the city that was only a few blocks from Taim. Perfect I thought. I read the reviews to see what I should order so I got the green falafel sandwich w/pickles and the date, banana, and smoothie and my friend got the harissa. I thought the green falafel balls were decent, but my friend wanted to swap balls and i immediately regretted my decision. I should have gotten the harissa. it had such great flavor, i felt like i was missing out. The smoothie was good but i just tasted the  bananas. Honestly I am not sure what dates taste like and i also did not taste any lime at all.  I have tried falafel sandwiches with and without hummus and I prefer it without. Also my friend and i both thought that the tahini was lacking. I really want to get that harissa falafel again though.
Just wanted to write a quick review after stopping by a couple hours ago. I've been recently working in the area and made my second visit tonight. The food is very fresh and the portions are rather large. Tonight I tried one of their smoothies after seeing a picture of it on yelp. The banana date and lime smoothie is worth the stop in, if you are any where close to the store. Absolutely delicious. Whenever I'm nearby I will be stopping by to get one. Its that damn good. Probably order a falafel sandwich as well.
Unreal food but the delivery experience is atrocious. They constantly leave you on hold for over 5-10 minutes when attempting to place an order so I generally hang up. Online delivery absolutely needed here
I like their food from the truck better.  And last time I visited, they didn't offer the quinoa salad here.  No go.
This place gets my vote for best falafel spot in the city. It's affordable and tastes amazing! I don't know what else you can ask for. I've tried the falafel sandwich w/ everything and a boiled egg. It's less than $10 and it's stuffed to the edge w/ fresh ingredients. If you're craving falafel, stop reading this damn review and get some at this spot now!
I love this place. I've only ever ordered the green falafel sandwich and the strawberry-raspberry-thai basil smoothie, but both are phenomenal and consistently so. The falafels are fluffy and delicious, as are the toppings they include in the pita pocket. The smoothie is so refreshing and light. I only wish that it were a larger space with more seating!
Nothing special, but cute location.  Food was okay, not outstanding or anything.  They charge extra for sauces which out of principle doesn't make sense when I happened to order quite a bit of food for two people not just your average amount.  You can't give tahini?  Lol.  Wake up, Taim!  You know nothing about this food culture acting like that, tahini goes hand in hand, this employee was treating it like a separate menu item.  On top of that this very condescending employee was so rude about it and then felt bad when he realized our order and tried to give it to us but I was disgusted by his nasty attitude.  He realizes we are entitled to our sauces after the fact?  I was so close to asking for full refund and leaving the food at the counter, but couldn't stand to be there another minute.  If I could I would give them zero stars. Never go here.  There are many other places to try.  I expected so much more especially because of the prestigious owner.  SO disappointed.
If you love falafels, this place is heaven on earth!  My wife and I have been here on several trips recently to the city and have absolutely loved it each time.  The falafel balls are fresh and well prepared, and the flavor/spices.....wow....absolutely delicious!  I love that they offer three flavors (green, harissa, red).  This is definitely the best falafel we've had, anywhere. Positive: Excellently spiced falafel balls offered in three distinct flavors, great tahini sauce and vegetables, nice window seats (if you can get them) to watch folks walk by and stare at your delicious food. Negatives: Tiny location with hardly any seating (enough room for about 6-8 people), difficult to get up to the counter sometimes to order. If you love falafels, this is the place to go, hands down!
Pros: The falafel was good (I got the Green - traditional) Cons: I've lived in the Middle East for the better part of a decade - this is not super authentic, and definitely not the best in New York. No pickles given on side Service was spotty (I asked if the falafel could be toasted, and the lady looked at me like I was asking the unthinkable - and snapped "NO!") - Really, there's half a dozen places that'll toast a falafel sandwich in East Village/ Midtown. They even do it back in the Middle East. Plus, you can be nice about saying - No, because we can't or we don't have a hot iron. Cash only (WHY!? This is 2013!)
Living in New York as a teen on the salary one made as a ballet dancer, I was the typical starving artist.  My friends and I would often meet up in the Village to hang out at cafes or cheap diners where we would nurse a single cappuccino for hours. It was there  in the Village that I discovered falafel at Mamoun's on MacDougal.  It was healthy, filling and relatively inexpensive.  I was hooked.  I frequented Mamoun's often and also started going to a chain that had opened up in the city called Amy's (long gone, still missing their frozen yogurt with dried fruit and seeds) that also served a decent falafel (though not as good as Mamon's),  Falafel became one of my favorite foods and a staple in my diet.  Over the years I have tried almost every type of falafel known to mankind: Israeli, Egyptian, Greek, Lebanese.  I have bought them across the globe (L'as du Falaffel in Paris being a fave) and even made them at home from scratch and from mixes. So, one night watching The Food Network (yes, I am one of the geeks that watches it) I was particularly intrigued to find an episode of Bobby Flay Throwdown where the challenge was falafel.  I am a big fan of Bobby Flay's shows, so watching this one was a no brainer.  In this episode, he challenged the chef/owner Einat Admony of a falafel restaurant in New York called Taim.  I was glued to my seat and wanted to find out how I could make the best falafel at home.  Taim's falafel lost to Bobby Flay, but in a rare moment, Bobby told the viewers that the judges had gotten it wrong and that Taim actually had the best falafel you would find.  I was intrigued!! Upon arriving back in New York, I was going out to eat with my best friend Brenda and she asked me where I would like to go.  I know that she expected me to say PIZZA, as it is generally the rule that I want some good New York pizza when getting back home.  However this time, I told her of the show about Taim and that I was dying of suspense to try it.  Brenda was game since she loves Middle Eastern food, so we took off for the West Village to find Taim. Located in a small storefront on Waverly Place just off 7th Avenue, it is tiny, with not more than 5 stools along a narrow ledge in the window to eat at.  When we came in, the place was packed with people placing or picking up orders, a good sign.  Brenda ordered the Mixed Falafel Platter, a sampling of all three of their falafels (Green Traditional cilantro-parsley-mint, Red with roasted red pepper, and Harissa with Tunisian spices) served with hummus, tabouli and israeli salad.  Wanting to approach this from a purist standpoint, I ordered the Falafel pita with Green Traditional falafel. By the time we got our food, the crowd had somewhat cleared and we were able to snag two of the window stools.   We dug in and upon the first bite I was immediately in heaven.  The Pita was light and fluffy in a way that I had never had pita before. I imagine in my minds eye that this is what they refer to in the Bible when they talk about manna from heaven.  Stuffed inside it was the falafel, hummus, israeli salad and it was dressed with tahini.  All of the ingredients were exceptional and packed with flavor.  Then I took my first bite of the falafel itself.  A perfect balance of herbs and spices, this falafel really delivers on flavor.  But even more amazing than that is the texture.  This falafel is wonderfully crisp on the outside with an interior that is so light and airy, it almost melts in your mouth. Each successive bite delivered more of the delightful flavor and I could tell that I was falling deeper and deeper in love.  After my purist moment had been satisfied, I tasted a little of each item on Brenda's platter.  The other 2 falafel had the same wonderful texture as the Green Traditional, but also had equally tasty characters of their own, the red pepper a little more rich and the harissa with a mild spicy bite.  We both chowed down with complete satisfaction.  It was everything that Bobby Flay had promised and oh so very much more.  I was hooked. Taim is now firmly on my destination list for when I am home in NY.  I may last one or two days being home in NY before succumbing to my craving and dashing down to Taim for another one.  I get obsessed, kind of in the way Woody Harrelson is obsessed with Twinkies in ZOMBIELAND. If you happen to pass me on the street anywhere in the world and I have a wistfull look in my eye and licking my lips, I am quite possibly jonesing for another fix of Taim's falafel. ladieswholunchtravel.com
I'm not sure what the hubbub is all about?  Its average falafel at best.  But with its hype and rating so high, i expect much much better.  It's not really that great, and the cabbage in there is a nice try to mix things up and be original i guess, but i don't think it works that well.  I would opt for one of the many many more authentic falafel joints instead of Taim.
Great food. Great prices. Super nice staff. I have a new favorite falafel place. The ginger-mint-lemonade is awesome.
Fa Realz...Taim is the bomb!!! Strolled into this tiny closet of a shop on Wed afternoon in some serious need of lunch time grub.  Despite their offerings of 3 different types of falafel I went with the "classic" green to provide a comparison to other falafel-related experiences.   For  under $7 I got the hook up, a falafel sandwich in wheat pita; it must have weighed 2 pounds and was STUFFED with falafel balls of goodness (at least 9-10), along with hummus, tahini, isreali salad, and pickled cabbage.   It sounds like a lot?  Heavy?  Not even!  On the bites where I could get everything I was in some kind of Middle Eastern Heaven!!!  Also, each of the components had their own unique taste and could easily stand on their own on any plate.  This was the perfect intro to both NYC and Greenwich Village!
This is a hole in a wall but the food is something to rave about! I am not vegetarian but If I lived closer to this place I would be!!!! Three of us came here for dinner and when we left, we were already making plans to return here!! Food is orgasmic!!!
Fantastic falafel. I just got the sampler with a little bag of hot falafel balls with tahini for dipping and it was the perfect snack. Also, the people who work here are very sweet.
This is a great lunch spot! Everything is kosher/vegetarian and incredibly tasty. Try the sabich sandwich or the harissa falafel. While some of the options on the menu are deep fried, nothing is greasy or heavy. If you're unsure and just can't choose from all the amazing options, the people behind the counter are friendly and helpful, which is always a bonus... and not a guarantee in NYC. This is a small place with only about six stools, so take out is your best option during the busy lunch hour. This is a must-try for all the vegetarians and falafel-lovers out there! My boyfriend recommended this place to me knowing that I love falafel and that I would be in NYC for a few days and I'm so glad he did!
My two friends and I came here for the first time. It was bustling joint. We looked at the menu, didn't know what to order, so, of course, we relied on yelp reviewers to help us out. The three of us each ordered a falafel sandwich. You get to decide from three flavors of falafel - traditional, mild heat and roast peppers. Also, there are three extras that you can add free of charge. I didn't realize until after I had received and bitten into my sandwich. ~$6 for the sandwich. There is hummus in the pita, and they give you extra hummus in a small container. The wrap was flavorful, colorful, fresh, and delicious. The cucumbers add crunch and a bit of sweetness to the sandwich. After you eat 3/4 of the sandwich, the creamyness of the hummus and the general carb/brownness of the dish gets to you. It's filling. But it is good, and it's a good deal. I would definitely come here again if ever I am in the area. I'd like to give the other items on the menu a whirl.
What can I say.  Fresh tasty food.  My only complaint is that it took me several tries to eat here...the lines are often too long for me to wait. Guess you need to open more locations.  :)
Crunchy falafel, that's not heavy.  Their salads are better than any middle-eastern to-go sort of establishment.  Love their israeli salad, the tabouli salad and the spiced carrots.  They rub their pita with za'taar and olive oil - and I love that they have hard boiled egg as a side.  Their hot sauce, shug, is a great add to any plate or sandwich. Perfect for vegetarians.
Everything they cook is really great, the falafel obviously rocks and their lemonade is very balanced and home made. Never had a mediocre meal here so one might say they are always good. The only downfall is the place is cash only, always crowded  and there is very little place to sit in the joint.
GREAT pita bread!!! Smoothies there are meh, but the falafel, hummus, and whole wheat pita are all yummy
I moved away from NYC 4 years ago. It was the only place I have missed and the only place I Absolutely had To eat when I returned to the city this past weekend. Their falafel sandwich is so delicious. Never change, Taim!! Until next time...
I wish Taim was located in Washington Heights near my house, however, where it stands its on the cutest block in all of Manhattan, so I always enjoy sitting on their outside bench. Definitely a friendly hangout of locals who enjoy a good falafel. The sandwiches are creative and superbly tasty. This place deserves repeat visits so that you can taste each thing on the menu. Each and every item is an affordable masterpiece.
Awesome.  Did a mixed falafel platter, which, for $10, gives you a good amount of food (falafel, pita, hummus, and two salad looking thingies)  The one salad looking thing was good, the other was just ok.  But, the falafel was some of the best I've had (I could've eaten double the amount). As others have said, the place is ridiculously small (6 seats?).  I called ahead and immediately walked over, and my food was ready when I got there (about a 4 minute walk?).  nice.
I can never get enough of their sabich. LOVE.
Update: this place is still the shiznit, but make sure to check that your order is correct before you leave the restaurant. They called my name, but I got some random person's sandwich with tabbouleh and carrot slices instead of the falafel I had ordered and didn't realize until I had reached the park. It was gross, to put it simply.
Taim has been Bookmarked for a long time. Let's just say, the wait was worth it. The date, lime and banana smoothie was everything. So refreshing and tasty! I got the mixed falafel platter. The hummus, pita and three flavors of hummus was perfection. The only 'negative' thing I have to say about Taim is the salad was kind of boring. Also, the place is very small, so I don't recommend coming with lots of people. Definitely would go back or order for delivery!
Much better than their food truck. Fries are perfect and I love the Harissa falafel sandwich with everything! One of the best.
FOOD = Excellent. Place = TOO small :( Honestly, it would have been a more enjoyable experience if they have small tables to sit around and enjoy the meal. Get the date and banana smoothie. Melt in your mouth goodness. I still dream about it. The falafels are amazing too - I'm definitely going to go back to try them all.
I've passed by this place so many times and always see it full with people. So I finally took time to go try it out. Thankfully it this place wasn't as crowded in the afternoon than at night. The falafel was good. And oh their smoothies... Is just so different. It's a but pricy since its almost the same price as a falafel, but it goes great with the food. To be honest I think I like the smoothies better than the food. But that's just me. I got the pear, mint n lemon. It's refreshing even when its in the 30s outside.
I almost didn't review this place in fear of revealing my secret and the place getting packed, but all I can say is I really dig this place. It's pretty much a hole-in-the-wall spot (in a good way, like Mamoun's). A little more expensive than Mamoun's, but really solid quality stuff. I order the Sabich platter and it was awesome. Eggplant, carrots, egg slices (very Moroccan). 99% of the time I go with whole-wheat, but the white bread at this place is awesome, so I go with that. If you want really awesome falafel or eggplant, this is the place to go. Sometime's you can sit and eat, but usually safe to pick-up and go.
Taim serves the best falafel on Earth. That includes the falafel in Israel. That includes the falafel anywhere the human beings exist. This is a fact, not an opinion. It would be impossible for a better falafel to exist than what Einat Admony and her team serve at Taim. The space is tiny, the lines are huge, and there is almost no seating, but who cares? You'll be so overjoyed after one bite that you won't care. Taim does a better job of layering their sandwiches than any place I've ever visited. You don't get all toppings on the top and dry falafel on the bottom. Every comes together in harmony -- the falafel, the cabbage, the Israeli salad, the impossible hummus and the spectacular hot sauce. If you can get a seat, I like going with one of the platters, which are giant and unreal. The mixed platter lets you try all three flavors of falafel. The harissa is my favorite. I also love the sabich -- but it's so hard to pull myself away from that chickpea goodness.
Perfect balls of crisp and lots of flavor. The hummus is so creamy. The service is so friendly and quick.
BEST FALAFEL OF MY LIFE.  that's what i told everyone after i ate the falafel sandwich.  then i went back two days later and said it again.  BEST FALAFEL OF MY LIFE.  also sampled the sabich, which was good but not quite as good as the falafel.  the falafel is perfectly crunchy, and even though there are a lot of ingredients in the pita, somehow you honestly taste every single one of them.  really liked the flavors in everything but as an "experience" may i just put forward two observations? 1.  pear/mint smoothie was in fact, not a smoothie.  i should face some resistance when i suck on a smoothie, just a little.  more ice, perhaps? 2.  cashier girl -- your scorn when i mispronounce "harissa" is a bit comical, though well deserved.  sorry i'm ignorant and went to school in the midwest.   that's all!  taim, you are delicious.
This was my first experience with falafel and I think I am in love.  Everything was delicious.
I've been vegan for 20+ years, so I've had a lot of falafel in my time.  The falafel at Taim is, hands down, the best falafel I've ever had.  The green falafel is out of this world.  The pita bread is always warm and fluffy.  Everything is fresh and the service is friendly.  It's a must.
It's alright - will I be shamed if i still like Mamoun's better?
I wavered on whether to give Taim 5 or 4 stars based on it's prices compared to Mamoun's. However after consideration I had to go with 5. The food taste good, the selection is unique, and the freshness of all the ingredients used are out of this world. It is as if there is a huge garden out back just beyond the kitchen. Apparently many people are aware of the awesomeness of the food at Taim. The little small restaurant fills up quickly (only about 6 seats).
One of the better falafels I have had in NYC, but...... just not complex enough, and a little too dry (not Mamoun dry though). I do like the fact that they have 3 different types of falafel, but for $6 I feel there should be a little more complexity to the ingredients used in the sandwich, they could pick up a few tips from Azuri Cafe. They are friendly and do a good job at getting you what you want when they are busy, and they do get busy, recommend calling your order in if you are going to pick up around lunch, otherwise you might stand there for a good 15 minutes with no where to stand inside, or sit outside.
This place as absolutely awesome. I was around the Village so I decided to stop by this tiny shop (which was a lot easier to find than I thought), and it was just what I needed on a scorching Saturday afternoon. The fafel was delicious and filling, and I'm definitely going to go back to try all their different flavors. Also, I recommend the pomegranate honey iced tea. Perfect for this hot summer weather.
Wow!  All falafel is not created equal.  I had read all the great reviews, but was skeptical that this place could be that good.  I was wrong.  I had the falafel sandwich with original falafel and made no alterations except to add hot sauce. Delicious!  The slightly sweet green cabbage was a nice contrast to the creamy hummus and the heat of the hot sauce.  Also, the hot sauce is far more complex and tasty than the average hot sauce.  I will be a regular at Taim!
Yep. It's just as good as everyone says. Now, I personally like wraps instead of pita pockets, so it feels a little heavy (would love if they added a wrap option), but the flavors they include when you say you want "everything" (and the choices for falafel flavors) are amazing.
Falafels are fantastic.  Not too heavy, great flavors and you can customize it to your liking.  Love it after the gym when I just want something flavorful without feeling too guilty.  I'm about to go there right now.  My review is making me hungry.
We stopped by on saturday afternoon.  I got the Falafel platter and my wife got a falafel sandwich.   We tried all three types of falafel, which were great!!!!!  The hummus and bread were excelent as well. Tasty food aside, there was room for improvement in service and environment.  The place is tiny and there are no seats.  This is okay, but it was really hot inside. The service wasn't very good.  They forgot to give us our drinks and napkins.  My wife wanted to add eggplant toppings to her falafel sandwich and they were not willing to do so.  Not even for an additional fee.  They refused. 5 stars for food, but I have to ding them a star for the service and atmosphere. We will go back though.
Hands down the best falafel ever. Fresh and delicious. Only loses a star because it's a tiny, busy place and the setup is a little stressed. Still, so fawking good!
Taim was fabulous!  I had the harissa falafel sandwich and it was fantastic...along with the homemade ginger-mint lemonade.  We sat outside on the bench (since there are only about 6 chairs inside) and it was a perfect day in Manhattan.  I highly recommend to locals and tourists.
If I could eat just one meal again from my recent trip, it would be Taim. The mixed falafel platter (~$12) is so big it easily fed two of us, and we were starving. 9 falafels (3 of each kind) were plopped onto huge amounts of hummus. The harissa is the best, but they're all fun because of the colors. Each flavor goes with a different part of the platter a little better than the others. There's also tasty pita, three sauces, tabbouleh, and Israeli salad. Be sure to ask for the pickles!
What are people talking about? The line was nothing. Avg wait times: - Shakespeare in the Park (345 min) - iPhone 4 (226 min) - Space Mountain (144 min) - Shake Shack (58 min) - Trader Joe's (46 min) - Taim (11 minutes at prime dinner time on a weekday) "Tah-eem" translates to "tasty, delicious." And just as Alex Trebek pretends to be the smartest man on earth he is in fact just reading the answers from cue cards. (Pronunciation and translation can be found on the blackboard) Seriouseats recently crowned this place the best falafel in the city, and with a name like "Taim Falafel and Smoothie Bar," any literate and logical person would order one thing and one thing only. Since I'm neither I chose the Mediterranean Platter. For $9.50, you select any three salads (except Greek) from a list of 5-6. Your order comes with a warm, seasoned, pillow like pita (white or wheat), and a generous helping of hummus made pretty with a pool of olive oil, tahini, and a sprinkle of paprika. All three salads - beet, Israeli, tabouli were super fresh and flavorful. The hummus, though wonderfully thick and light years beyond Mamoun's or Cafe Rakka's, wasn't good enough to unseat Hummus Place, but I still happily cleaned my plate. Like the 2,350,000 Taim loyalists, I'm now a huge fan and will gladly wait with you in line. Hey, did you know that while falafel originated in Egypt and the Middle East, Israelis were the first to introduce it to Europeans and Americans in the 70's? And that select McDonald's locations serve "Mcfalafel?" I'll bet you a smoothie that Alex Trebek does not know this.
I'll admit I was nervous about eating at a falafel place. For one, I did not know what a falafel was and two, because of that I didn't want to shell out money on some mystery food. I still do not know what exactly a falafel is, but what I do know is that Taim serves a VERY tasty meal. For those as clueless as me, order the green falafel on wheat bread and you'll feel like a pro. I first want to thank the nice lady waiting in line with me for the best advice in recent memory. The green falafel on whole wheat was a great choice. The falafel seems to melt in your salivating mouth with a delightful mix of cream, fried chick peas, wheat bread, and fresh tomatoes. I am still surprised to this day because I was really skeptical when I first went. For those who want an authentic New York experience but are tired of eating pizzas or hot dogs, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT! Even if you are intimidated and have no idea what a falafel is, just follow in my footsteps and you'll be glad you did!
so i have been craving for Falafel since i came back from Paris. this is the first and only Falafel place i have tried in the us over all it is pretty good. people who work there are really nice and fun (yes we dined in even though its a small cafe with only 8 stools) we got the Falafel sandwich one with green and the other with red. honestly they were good but not amazing. i think my Falafel was not hot enough and there was not enough veggie in my sandwich. the eggplant was also just ordinary. but we got the lemon mint and pear smoothie, it was amazing and it was really refreshing.
i basically get uuuubsessed with things and right now i am totally in love with falafel.. not just the falafel but the things that come with- the cabbage, the hummus, the cukes and tomatose-- sooo good! anyway, so i wen to taim b/c apparently it is the best for falafel.  i got the falafel sandwich with tunisian spices. it was good but the falafel wasn't my favorite but not bad..  i got this fantastic falafel sandwich in brooklyn for like 3 bucks and it was seriously the best i have had- oasis deli- soo goood!!!
100% vegetarian menu? Count me in. Each year, my best friend and I walk the island of Manhattan from top to bottom. Broadway Bridge to Battery Park, roughly 13.5 miles. On our fifth annual walk, we decided to stop for Taim before reaching the bottom of Manhattan. WOW, was I happy we did! I ordered a falafel sandwich with Harissa falafel. I was glad I did. It wasn't TOO spicy for those of you that don't like that sort of thing - it was just the right amount of flavor for me. Added some fresh toppings, a few waters, and fries and grabbed two stools just behind the register. Biting into the sandwich I knew this was exactly what I needed to get me through the last few miles of our walk. I munched on a few fries, which were DECENT, but no where near as good as the sandwich, guzzled down two waters (expensive at $2), and hightailed it outta there. Will I be back? Surely!
Your must-see in New York City might be the Statue of Liberty, but for me it is Radio City Music Hall and Taim, the crown jewel of falafels! I had begin to think that perhaps time and distance had made my tastebuds grow undeservingly fonder, but not so. If anything, I had forgotten how magically delicious their balls are. Before you go, take note that it is a teeny spot with very limited counter seating, and we usually just end up eating on one of the two benches out front. If you're lucky, perhaps you have a falafel getaway where you can take your order and munch. You have three choices of falafel: traditional, harissa or roasted red pepper, and they are all worth trying. Plus, they have whole wheat pita as an option! On my last visit, I ordered a red pepper falafel pita with everything. There are very few fares that make me uncontrollably utter noises of satisfaction, and Taim falafel is one of the proud few. They also have some creative beverages, including a ginger lemonade and smoothies, but I am generally too distracted by the falafel to remember to sample anything else. If I were a billionaire, I would fly to Manhattan routinely for a fix.
With 142 positive reviewers Do I really need to say more? Elegant, fresh, tasty and quaint spot. Still consistent after all these years --- keep up the great food coming! Minor down side: Make sure you're not caught sitting at the bench eating when the Theatre group (next door) are about to perform.  The crowd doesn't care if you're there or not they just crowd over you... not cool.
What a great falafel!!! I saw this place on the Food Network (Throwdown with Bobby Flay) and next time and went to NYC came to check it out. I got a little pricey combo of a falafel sandwich and a banana and date smoothie. Delicious! totally worth the money. The place is tiny though, so take your food somewhere else to enjoy it.
Food is slightly above average. 1st time tasted good but then I got tired of it very quickly.
Beyond delicious! I had a craving for some authentic fresh falafel and usually have to settle for mediocre stuff in LA but not here! I made the trek especially to try out Taim and they did not disappoint! I ordered the classic green falafel sandwich. I was impressed with even the smallest detail like how they perfectly layered all ingredients in the pita. Most places put all of the falafels on the bottom and then toppings on top so you don't get a consistent bite but this place mixed it up and put some falafels on bottom, toppings including amazing fresh Israeli salad, and then more falafels on top. Each bite was the perfect ratio of falafel, salad, and hummus. Be warned there are only a few counterheight stools and no tables. Clearly a to go place. I will be thinking of this falafel sandwich for a long time to come.
The rumors are true.  This is actually the best falafel in New York.  It's hard to argue with the $2 in 30 seconds wonder that is Mamouns, but when you actually want some Isareli CUISINE and you've got more than 5 minutes and $5, come to Taim.   First of all, any place that offers you three different kinds of falafel balls for options has got to know what they're doing.  I usually go with the spicy (red), but I like a little kick.  Both other options (green or plain) are delish as well.  They're then stuffed into a warm yummy pita with fresh, delicious tahini, hummus and salad...oh god, I want one right now! I really need to branch out and try some other things on the menu here, but I always want a falafel when I walk anywhere near it, so why deviate from perfection?  I have sampled the ginger mint lemonade and the straberry, rasberry, and Thai Basil smoothie.  Both excellent.  This is the real deal, people.  Go immediately.
This review was based on the falafel sandwich and the smoothie I had. Can i give this place a 10star instead of 5?  I've never been this impressed by a sandwich since Little Lucca in San Francisco, CA.  Anyways, Taim's falafel sandwich was by far THE BEST falafel sandwich I've ever had in my life!  I never expected this since I'm really not a falafel person.  Well, after having the first bite of my green falafel, I was converted.  The smoothie I had was really fresh and goes really well w/the falafel as well (kinda like a pizza & coke affect). To conclude, it was amaaaazin'!!
Great falafel place. Very small and only a few bar stools to sit on but well worth the visit. Tried the Falafel platter and it was absolutely delicious! Shared the platter with my husband and it was more than enough for both of us.
absolutley deeeeeeelicious!
One of the best falafel sandwich I ever had! Great lemonade too. I can only recommend this place.
This place serves up the best falafel in NYC. My standard order is the green falafel with the works on a fluffy whole wheat pita plus a tall and frosty date-banana milk shake..just like I used to get from the myriad juice stands dotting Dizengoff in Tel Aviv. I've had their sabich with Iraqi-style amba which is a caloric bomb and super decadent. Taïm Falafel and Smoothie Bar is seriously taïm ('delicious'/'tasty' in Hebrew). Now if only they would put burekas (gvina, pitriot, etc.) on the menu...
This is a splendid place to get a cheap lunch! People are quite nice, and the falafel is delicious - very fresh - with whole wheat pita if you want. The smoothie date/banana is excellent.
Amazing!! I come from New Jersey just to taste their amazing harissa falafel sandwich. I even brought friends who are hooked and buy some to take home
This place may be reason enough for me to move to NY. I found it on Yelp and couldn't have been happier with the result. We had a falafel sandwich, an eggplant sanwich, a tamarind smoothie and chai. It was all fresh and so good! The whole wheat pita and fillings were delicious. The sandwiches were huge and a great value. I wish we had a place half as good as this in DC!
Excellent!!  Always a must when in the neighborhood.. I usually go for the pita with harissa falafel with everything on it. Also must try the platters and Sabichi, sooo good!!! Look out for daily falafel specials with different variety everyday!
The hype is warranted. I don't care how many reviews this place has. Or if there is a d-bag filled line. This is the best fucking falafel I have ever had. So good I went twice in one weekend. Once with the lovely Kat H, and another time dragging my boyfriend and loot from the container store. I received an enthusiastic apology for a million "Are we there yet"s after his first bite. After each bite I look up to the heavens, thanking them for the fact that with every bite I taste the falafel, hummus, cabbage and other fixings. Not one bite has a bad ratio. It's amazing. I used to think Oasis was the shit but I honestly don't think I can eat falafel anywhere else. Damn.
{Actual Date of Visit: 1/3/2011} I've been searching the city for a falafel that could compare to the likes of that I had in Paris for quite a while...I must agree with the other reviewers that this place is excellent!   Too small yes, but I had already claimed a seat for me and my equally-falafel-loving friend before I arrived.  Within 5 minutes of arriving, two ladies left the corner pocket - score!  I went on my birthday (1/3/11).  All I wanted that day was good falafel (I'm pretty easy to please!) and of course dessert (from another spot).  While I was waiting for my friend, I overheard a man telling his friend how this was the best falafel in the city and it reminded him of the falafel from "back home".  After trying, his friend agreed.   When my friend arrived, I ordered the Harissa falafel on wheat; she ordered Red Pepper falafel with Baba ghanoush on wheat and fries to share.  The staff was really nice and helpful in helping me choose a drink, even providing a sample of the pomegranate iced tea (which we didn't like).  We got the ginger mint lemonade on staff's suggestion - fantastic!   When the food arrived, we tore it up!  Everything was yummy!  The hummus was tasty and the pitas soft and fresh (as many reviewers had mentioned).  I noticed that they are pretty generous with their balls of falafel which is a plus.  Nothing worse than an "all pita & fixins" falafel with only 2 balls in it!  Best bday din-din I've had in a while!  My friend went back the very next day and sent me the picture you see linked to the review!! *jealous*
Not giving it a 5 start because its super tiny! Stumbled upon this place after exiting the theater right next door.Best hummus I have had in NYC. I took it to go and savored it for a whole day:)) The ginger lemonade was amazing and super refreshing. I even made it at home with ginger, mint & lemonade and my hubby loved it.
Awesome place-best falafel in town!
Like most neighborhood eateries, Taim is small & busy, but mercifully undiscovered by the hordes of tourists who troll the West Village on any given day. It doesn't matter though, I'll keep going back. The basic falafel, with hot peppers is my favorite. Try that, or get the platter. A sandwich will run about $6, a platter is about $12 or $13, but the portions are large enough that you may have some to take home unless you're ravenous. Bring some cash, unfortunately they don't accept plastic, which isn't cool, but the food makes up for it. I'd recommend a side of mango chutney. Also, be sure to try the hummus. It's always tasted fresh and made within a day, you can't go wrong with that.
So, I don't know if you guys heard, but Mamoun and I split up. He was a giver, in the sense that his falafel was cheap, but he was also a giver in the sense that his hummus gave me a bad case of "stomach issues." Twice. What a jerk. I deserve better. Once you go Taim, you never go back. It's time to start spreadin' your money around if you want some decent pita treats that won't rot your gut, and the best place in all of New York City to get one is right here (not when you're all drunk, however--it's only open until 10pm). For $5, I got the Hummus Sandwich jam-packed with Marinated Beets and Tabouli, the pleasure of seeing a starving Briana M. awake from her grumpiness into gastronomic reverie over her bright-green Falafel innards, and a celebrity sighting (the head designer of House of Waris aka the Turban-wearing train manager in "The Darjeeling Limited"). Name drop number threeeeee: The Beastie Boys are also fans, and Taim is right by the High Line. So if Mike D. were so inclined, we could totally take a couple of Smoothies ($4.50 for Dates, Banana, Cantaloupe, Lime and Ginger) up there and have ourselves a day of it (they're getting too old for 40s, but not making out in public...I hope).
Absolutely delicious - great portions and plenty of tasty toppings! The falafel was definitely some of the best I've had in new york but you can tell that they're putting it together pretty quickly! I will definitely be back - service is fast and quality is good!
Just discovered this place and I've been eating here probably 4-5 times a week since. Same thing every time.... harissa falafel sandwich with everything, and the date lime banana smoothie. Or the coconut pineapple smoothie. Mmmmm, yeah, coconut pineapple. I think I'm gonna go there right now.
It's hard to walk by this spot without stopping in - the food is delicious! I just wish there was more sitting space...and a restroom wouldn't hurt either - but the fact that I keep going back despite this attests to the food!
The falafel is damn near perfect and the pita sandwiches are great too. I've had the falafel sampler and the sabbich sandwich, both of which are made from what tastes like the freshest possible ingredients. A friend called me out for eating my side container of fresh tahini unadorned with other food, but others' judgment was the least of my worries as I spooned the delicious paste directly into my mouth. Wash it all down with one of their iced teas or the ginger-mint lemonade and you'll have yourself a first-rate lunch. Oh and delivery is super fast if you live in the West Village. Just call them to place the order.
The best falafel in the city. The first 2 times I tried to eat here, it was closed, but I'm so glad I gave it a 3rd shot. As they say, 3rd time's a charm! I had the great pleasure of dining here with the illustrious Srini V., and the food was so delicious that we both left feeling very full. While my waistline doesn't thank me, my tastebuds certainly do! A 5-star experience. ____ Edited 11/5/07: I have since returned, and the falafel was just as good as the first time. 5 stars, tried and true!
So yummy.  And right around the corner...though for some reason this is the one place in the West Village I can never seem to find when I'm looking for it. I've been eating here since it opened, but I was just there on Monday night after a long run -- it's wonderful to stop in all hot, sweaty, nasty and starving, grab a falafel and a lemonade, and snarf it all down in minutes outside on the curb.  It doesn't quite beat King of Falafil (Falafel?) in SF, but it's a close second. Also: I just discovered the wonder that is the red (harissa) falafel.  I'm usually a falafel traditionalist, but this sh*t packs a punch.  Yummo. Note to self:  try smoothie with basil next time.  Because smoothies = yummy goodness and basil = palate-tingling perfection, so smoothie + basil = near-total liquid food rapture.
Best Falafel ever, try their platter and make your own.  I do wish they have more seating, they only have seating for 5ppl.
Arrived in NYC by myself for the first time and  was starved from a day of travel so I decided to treat myself to the best rated restaurant nearby. Came across this lovely place just a couple blocks away. 9/16/14 (Tuesday 4:00pm-4:30pm) The place was definitely tiny, so I ended up getting my food to go because I wanted to lay my food out and have a feast. The cashier was nice and gave me recommendations on their best selling smoothie. Mixed Falafel Platter: Came with a total of 9 falafels (3 of each flavor- favorite was harissa), hummus, israeli and tabouli salads, and za'atar pita with two tiny cups of sauces. I learned that this was actually a chain restaurant, but definitely tastes like homemade love. I haven't had too many experiences with falafels, but this has been my favorite so far. I'm not sure if a platter means I should be sharing, but I ate it all by myself and fell into a food coma. Definitely sharable for a good price ($13)! Banana and Date Smoothie: This was recommended by the staff to be the most popular smoothie. I thought it tasted okay, but was not as impressed as I was with the falafels. Total: $20 Overall, I would definitely recommend Taim (pronounced Tah-eem, apparently) for those hungering after warm falafels and a cool drink. While I am hardly a vegetarian and never look to see if anything is gluten-free, this is a good place for those of you who are!
Taim stays busy but the service is quick and the food tastes fresh. Seating is very limited. Mixed falafel platter with ~9 falafel balls, 3 sauces, hummus, pita, israeli salad, and tabouli is about $12 but it's a generous amount of food for one person. Definitely worth the price and deserving of the hype. I wasn't blown away by the lemonade, but I seem to be in the minority. The (spicy) green sauce, however...I could put that stuff on anything.
Taim legitimately had the best falafel that I've ever had in life. I went here with my friend Aileen S., who I secretly love for her web savvy and sparkling personality. She asked if I liked "amazing falafel" before we went, so I had to say yes. Generally, anything "amazing" is by definition, pretty good. We got falafel, fries, and some marinated carrots, all of which were great. I also got a smoothie, which ended up totaling something around $20 for me, but that was due to my own greediness in wanting to try everything because I loved my falafel so much. Seating is limited, especially if it's raining (we just sat along the windowsill inside), but again, best falafel I've ever had in life! I'll be sure to stop into Taim whenever I'm in NY.
Best kept secret of the West village
'Twas aight. Got the falafel sampler of the three flavors they have and all of them were pretty good. My biggest gripe is that flavor and texture never quite matched up in quality - the roasted red pepper was my favorite flavor but was also terribly mushy, while the green parsley/cilantro was alright in terms of taste (didn't actually taste very much like anything?) but had the perfect texture of crispy and crunchy on the outside and soft and crumbly on the inside. The yellow harissa was pretty meh in terms of both. They do give you six small balls all for $4 though so it's a pretty good deal. On the other hand, my strawberry raspberry Thai basil smoothie was not a good deal :( It was extraordinarily tasteless. I'm usually not a fan at all when smoothies have lots of added sugar and admit I'm that person who'll ask for half sugar or even quarter sugar (hi Vivi Bubble Tea) but this definitely would have benefitted from some heaping teaspoons of extra sucrose. It was just so watery and bland. Not sure if all their smoothies are like this, but for $5.50 and something they claim as a house special, it was very disappointing. The place is also incredibly cramped! There is room for probably 10 people max, 5 standing and 5 sitting. Come regular mealtime hours there is next to nil hope of you 1. finding a spot inside to eat and 2. actually enjoying that spot when there are people constantly all up in your space. A really underwhelming experience, though the little falafel were pleasant.
Holy Falafel balls!!  THIS PLACE IS FABULOUS! I tried the Harissa, Original, and Green falafel balls.  They were all GREAT!!  My favorite was the Harissa and I got that one in a sandwich.  Their toppings are SO DELICIOUS!!  The sauce went throughout the sandwich and every bite was so heavenly. Their balls are just how they should be, crispy on the outside, and delectable and smooth on the inside, packed with flavor and melting in your mouth! I need to hop on a plane right now to get these balls! Their smoothies also complement their spicy balls nicely.  I had the pear, mint, and lime smoothie.  I inhaled both the sandwich, the balls, and the smoothie!! I walked out with a big smile on my face, and dreaming about the next time I would have it again! Great job Taim for satisfying my ball craving ;)
This is a cute clean friendly little joint that fits about 8 people max. My friend and i got a mixed falafel plate $10 (came with the three different sauce), a falafel sandwich $5.50, and fries with saffron aioli $4 (the fries basket was huge!). Out of the three flavors of falafel, i think my favorites are the roasted pepper and the mildly spicy one (i think it had onions in it?). I didn't like the green cilantro as much (you couldn't really taste the flavor). We ended with the baklava finger $2.50 (my friend said it was good, i thought it was a bit too sweet). Everything tasted wonderful and I really enjoyed it. I'd love to go back and try their fried eggplant sandwich. The falafel here definitely tastes better than Mamoun, but Mamoun has the meat stuff :)
Super healthy. Super yummy. Super satisfying. I just can't get enough.  You have to eat there to know what I mean.  Red pepper falafels are the way to go.
I was craving Near Eastern food while visiting family in NYC. This place is great for New York. It's fast, delicious, and affordable. I would say the food was a little salty but otherwise excellent.
This is pretty good falafel, I said to myself, as I greedily scarfed down another pint-sized ball of fried chickpea, garlic and spices. But did it change my life? Probably not. Don't get me wrong, Taim is tasty. And it is a fun (albeit not that fun in 100 degree weather) experience to squeeze into the 50 square foot space, order a mixed platter of falafel, gawk at the reasonable (for Manhattan, at least) $11 price tag and wait in anxious anticipation for the goods to arrive. When your order does arrive, it is served on a pretty square plate, with a neat stack of tabouleh and a geometric dollop of housemade hummus, and a smaller three-by-one square plate of three dipping sauces. It's all very pretty and design conscious, which is (somewhat) surprising for a restaurant that serves up humble street food yet (at the same time) not that surprising for a place that hails from the West Village. I get it, this is Manhattan style falafel, I think to myself. And I mean that with not the slightest bit of snobbery or disdain. $11 buys you a pretty, tasty, and healthy meal. So what are my gripes? I don't know, but the flavors weren't that bright. Once I stopped oogling at the presentation, I sank my teeth into the three types of falafel. The taste of all three -- which were supposed to be parsely-mint, harissa, and red pepper -- was indistinguishable. The hummus too lacked a bit of zing, and the three sauces (tahini, hot sauce, and -- the most intriguing one -- tangy mango) tasted about as mild as the unsalted tahini that has been sitting in the back of my fridge for about 9 months. Tabouleh was fresh and crisp, however, with crackling pieces of bulgar wheat. This ain't authentic Middle Eastern falafel, but it is a nice, clean and healthy interpretation of a classic street food.
This place has some good falafels.  Really good.  I don't even really like falafels, and I've found myself going back for more again and again. This place is near my office, and we end up ordering about once every two weeks or so.  Delivery is always quick, and if anything is forgotten, it's promptly brought.  The only thing that you should keep in mind is that it's cash only, so make sure you have some on you! I prefer the red falafels, although the green ones are pretty good as well.  The hummus is great, along with anything else I've ordered from here.   One thing I want to know is where can I get that pita bread???  So good!  The homemade iced teas and lemonades are great too. I have tried figuring out if dipping chick pea (falafel) into chickpea (hummus) is right.  I can't think of any other food that you dip itself into, but with falafels and hummus from taim, it just seems so right.
Great falafel sandwich which comes either of  three flavors your green(traditional), hariisa ( a little spicier) or red flavored falafel. Not a large place more of counter on one side and a railing with a few seats on the window but just step out and sit on the bench under the trees.   We ordered and within 2 minutes had our sandwiches.
This place is like Milo Ventimiglia's abs in season 1 of Heroes - if you don't know what you're looking for, you're going to miss it. Tiny, cute little falafel place snuggled deep in the heart of Chelsea, from afar it looks like just another brown stone, but you'd be a big fat loser not to check it out - ESPECIALLY now that I have told you about it. Falafel wraps, salads, pittas etc with hummus, and then a delicious smoothie selection (recommendation - get with coconut milk - urgh heaven). You can walk away with a hearty, healthy meal to go, as guilt free as belting out a couple of verses of R.E.S.P.E.C.T in a sound proof shower. Lovely.
It took me several visits to Taim before I figured out how to have a great dining experience there. Let me share what I learned. Go to Taim at a non-traditional eating hour. (I like to go between 2 pm and 4 pm on weekdays.) If you go to Taim during traditional eating times or on the weekend, you will likely experience a long line of diners all waiting to eat before you. The restaurant is very small. There are no tables -- only small counters and a few stools. Don't do the easy thing and order a falafel sandwich. Although the falafel sandwiches are good, they are not as excellent as the platters. You MUST have a platter. I love the mixed falafel platter, which includes three kinds of falafel (green, red, and Harissa), hummus, Israeli salad, tabouli, pita bread, and three sauces (hot sauce for the hummus, and curry and yogurt sauce for the falafel). The platter is so much tastier and satisfying than the falafel sandwich because of the sauces and the salads. It's all about the mix of flavors. Of the three falafel flavors, I like the red falafel the most. Taim is also a juice bar. I've only tried the pear-mint-lemon juice. It was good, but nothing to flip up my skirt. But then again, I'm not really a juice girl. Cash only. EDIT: I'm subtracting 1 star for the restaurant not accepting credit cards. I only award 5-star reviews to businesses that take most major credit cards. Many NYers live off credit cards, so it's an important aspect.
I think I might have found the best falafel spot in Manhattan..light crunchy and delicious falafel pita sandwiches with your choice of seasonings.. The salads and hummus is also very good. I'm a fan of the Green with some added spiciness to kick up the heat.. Try either one and you'll be sold, but don't expect to sit unless you're lucky, the spot is tiny. a few benches outside are key when the weather is nice.. Shalom..
I just catered a party, using Taim.  They were wonderful, and the food was terrific.  Delivery was right on time, even though they had to prepare everything before their official opening time.   Everyone was a pleasure to deal with, even though I reduced the order at the last minute.  Happiness.
Better than it's Spring Street offshoot, this place specializes in falafel and its various accompaniments (hummus, babaghanoush, Israeli salad, tabbouleh, beets salad...). They also do a good but oily sabich (fried eggplant). I'm a huge fan of Lebanese and Israeli food and this is the best place in NYC for a falafel sandwich for sure. The falafel is warm and crispy (I recommend the green flavor) and comes in pita stuffed with Israeli salad, cabbage salad, hummus and I think tahini. You can add a bunch of other toppings for $1 here and there eg babaghanoush, hot peppers etc. If you're going carb free, you can also get a falafel platter with a bunch of side salads. Fyi seating is limited at this location (Spring Street has more space).
I'm GF so this is as good as it gets for my falafel cravings. Their juices are hella yummy too.
I could live here and be happy the rest of my life. The owner trained under a master 5-star chef, but then decided to open up a falafel joint. Thank heavens for that decision. This place changed my opinions of falafels. The first time I had falafel was a couple of years ago, and I was underwhelmed. However, after this place, falafels now occupy a special place in m heart. There are only three varieties of falafels, but that's all you need. EVERYTHING here is good: smoothies, falafel sandwiches, platters, etc. Everything here is made perfectly. Nothing is ever burnt or under-cooked. The fries with the saffron aioli is so freakin' good. The prices are very fair for the quality of food that you order.
I heard about their falafels and was not disappointed. My wife and I both loved them. Service was great, friendly, and pleasant. Can't wait to get back to NYC to have more.
Vegetarian's delight. My Israeli cousin told me to go here, boldly stating he could have this falafel every single day. I had to try it. Not too bad a wait, and yes, it is so good I would wait every day. I got green falafel pita. The sauce they give you, ask for more of it. It's god sauce. The plates, salads, juices, all looked amazing. I'd like to come back and sample another time, if I can resist not reordering another falafel pita. So. Divine. The flavors are so complex, so clean, not greasy at all. Filling without making you feel bogged down. I couldn't think of anything to make it more perfect. The pomegranate honey lemonade wasn't my taste, too tart. if you like the tartness of cranberry juice you'd probably like it more.
I almost wish my friend hadn't taken me here... he's effectively ruined Israeli/Mediterranean fod for me.  DC simply has nothing like this, and as much as I love Lebanese Taverna, Amsterdam Falafel, etc. this is simply in a different league. My friend ordered the mixed Falafel Platter and I had the Sabich Platter, which came with fried Eggplant, Moroccan carrots, Israeli salad, an egg, hummus, wheat pita, and three dipping sauces.  WOW.  This was so fresh, so well prepared, and so flavorful.   The guy behind the counter was very friendly and he was the one that actually recommended the Sabich Platter, as I was trying to decide between the Falafel platter and that.  My friend and I shared our dishes, and his falafels were some of the best, if not THE best, I've ever had; small, perfectly fried, great spice, each flavor more unique than the previous.  Also, I'm not usually a big fan of tabouleh, but their version of it is really quite delicious.  I also had the date, lime and banana shake... so good. This place is three blocks from my friend's spot in Greenwich Village... guess where I'm going next time I'm in the city.  Taim and Murray's Bagels are officially on the "must eat while visiting my friend Austin" list.
The banana and date shake was absolutely delicious if a little watered down. I liked the falafel sandwich.
I've been to Taim twice so far and had two very different experiences. The first time I went, I loved it! I got the harissa falafel sandwich, and I remember that I could taste each ingredient distinctly. It was so flavorful! I went again recently, hoping to relive the first experience, but I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the red falafel sandwich, and it was smothered in a cream sauce that drowned out the rest of the flavors. I also ordered a date, lime, banana smoothie. I asked for it to be made with water, but they gave me one with soy milk. It tasted pretty good, but I was not amazed, as I was by that first harissa falafel sandwich. I will say though, the dates did add a nice, chewy texture to the smoothie, giving it some interest. Maybe it was an off day. I'll probably end up going again sometime, still trying to relive that first meal.
Got a platter w/ hummus, eggplant, and tabouli to go. It was a lot of food - I added some salad greens to it and I was approaching food coma afterwards haha. The hummus and tabouli were really good, but I didn't really like the roasted eggplant. There was barely any eggplant - the ratio of tomatoes to eggplant was like 8:1 lol and it was unnecessarily oily. I expected to be blown away, but maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Next time I'll try the falafel or the date smoothie.
The West Village is a relative Sahara for diners and drinkers, especially those on a budget or expecting a quick bite.  Plenty of larger, higher-end restaurants abound (their product may or may not justify the time and money spent), but small, quick meals are hard to find, excepting the ubiquitous pizzerias that are, coincidentally, quite awful in this neighborhood as well. I began to wonder if the Sarah Jessica Parkers and investment bankers who populate this tony zip code were not pressuring local chefs to serve up enough $10 lunches. Could the glitterati survive off of the Waverly Inn alone? The dearth of a quick lunch, a snack even, weighed upon my mind when I was rescued, simultaneously, from financial constipation and hunger by the delivery of assorted pita sandwiches brought by a good friend.  Small, harissa flavored falafel balls, eggplant and hard-boiled egg sandwiches and smoothies from A Thousand and One Nights were undressed from their paper bag gowns and wax paper robes to reveal the sexiest, most delicious treats I had yet to enjoy anywhere near Greenwich and 7th Avenue. The kitchen that produced this bountiful dish was just around the corner.  Taïm, tucked into a cubbyhole space on Waverly Place, boasts 3 or 4 tall stools in the window and another facing the wall for super-serious, penitent or recalcitrant diners.   There is a bench outside, but most of the business is takeout.  The storefront crowds awkwardly but patrons are patient with the gymnastics required to swing the door open and order all at once. Each time I have visited since, I have ordered at the counter from a frumpy blonde girl of indeterminate origin (her accent suggests Australian or South African) who likely is as lacking in work permits as she is in acumen and efficiency; nevertheless, she manages to convey my wishes to the cooks who plate surprisingly satisfying salads of marinated beets or carrots and the other Israeli treats upon which chef/owners Einat Admony and Stefan Hafziger (the two are married, as well) have borrowed and improvised. No surprise, Admony is a trained chef and Hafziger is a veteran of Bouley's best kitchens.  The two have kept it simple but flavorful.  Fries are served with a saffron aioli whose hay-like fragrance is just enough to ballast this dish. Falafel comes in three flavors: cilantro-parsley-mint; roasted red pepper; and harissa--the last of which I am inclined to order.  Smaller than usual--about the size of a melon ball--these chickpea delicacies radiate with flavor and are vibrant greens and reds.  They can be ordered as a plate or served in sandwich and served with Israeli salad (hummus and baba ghanoush as platters).  Of course, this all sounds so familiar to anyone who has entered a falafel stand (my favorite is Falafel Drive-In, in San Jose, CA). The Sabich is what separates Taïm from its competitors.  A staple of Tel Aviv street food, the sabich was brought by Iraqi Jews for whom this eggplant, egg and salad pita was a Saturday morning meal ('sabah' means morning in Arabic).  Released from city of Ramat Gan, sabich has become a hit for young Israelis on the go and it is easy to understand why.  A balance of tasty veggies and protein seasoned with amba (a mango pickle) and wrapped in a portable pita, this is the reason to frequent Taïm.   I ate these sandwiches with Moroccan carrot salad (garlic and cumin swirl in olive oil) every Sunday this summer between 4 and 5pm, and I never needed to eat again until Monday morning. To slurp on one of the $5 smoothies is something of a luxury, and a budget breaker if you want to stay under $10.  However, the date-lime-banana combination is the perfect compliment to a meal.  Smoothies are also flavored with the likes of pear, Thai basil, coconut milk cantaloupe or ginger.  For $3, brown sugar lemonade will slate your thirst and leave you wondering what refined, white sugar is for besides baking. Taïm might be the best place to eat in all of the West Village, budgets be damned.
When you select high-end audio equipment, you switch between different speakers/amps in a head-to-head comparison in the same room, trying them out on the same music track. When you move to the Village, doing the same with falafel places over a week or two is very easy - there are so many of them within walking distance. Just like it's impossible to have listened to all the speakers, there's no way or point in trying all the falafels - at some point you declare a winner and stop. Taim is definitely that winner.
Good food and prices. A bit small and limited  tables and space (seats 7people total)  but food and service is great!
This place has one of the best falafels I've ever tried. The rest of the food is so hearty and healthy it is perfect when you are in the mood to eat vegan. The staff is very nice as well and we had many conversations with other customers that agreed with our opinions. I recommend this place
Discovering this place was a very happy event. Red pepper falafel is a very happy meal. They really stuff it with fresh, prime ingredients that blast any other falafel place out of the water. The texture of each ball is PERFECTION. Crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside--- they must have their frier set on the perfect temperature. It's a little pricier than I'm used to for falafel but it's still hella cheap. I love the smoothies as well, I usually split on with a friend because I'm frugal like that and they've even been satisfying that way. The location is such an Alice-In-Wonderland like nook that it truly makes the restaurant a "diamond in the rough". This is definitely my go to spot to treat my vegetarian friends... and myself.
* Great Israeli food - one of the best falafels I've had so far. The Harissa falafel with wheat pita bread was delicious. Also the Sabich with eggplant was superb. * The presentation is nice. The price is kinda right. I wish they had a little bigger area and more space to sit. I could spend a whole day here. * Somehow I feel it could still do better... perhaps Azuri is a bit notch better than Taim. But Taim is one of the bestest falafel spots. I think I'll have to downgrade my rating for Mamoun's by 1-star. Taim emerges as a classier premium option over Mamoun's for me.
I found this place years ago and but don't go there much since its not convenient for me.  Recently I have been considering a healthier diet and thought of this place again. I love this place.  Everything is so good. Its busy though and tiny.  I like the cute little store - with stools at the window and bench outside but there should be more seating and room to move.  I know of the other location which is closer to me, but every time I pass by its packed also.  I hear the truck is just as good.  Wish they had one in the financial district near Wall Street!  The mixed falafel platter is big but so delicious I end up stuffing myself silly. Its really worth the wait and the slightly higher prices.
That's straight up falafel heaven right there.   I don't know why it took me so long to visit the famed Taim, but I'm so glad I finally did.  The all-vegetarian menu didn't turn me or my friend away - based on the bajillion reviews and still 4.5 stars on average, I was really excited to try it. I ordered the falafel sandwich, of course, with traditional (green) falafel.  I opted for the added hot peppers, which was definitely a great choice - added just enough pickled "kick" to the sandwich, but not overpowering or painful.  I got the tahini, hot sauce, and mango chutney on the side, just in case I didn't want my sandwich to be overloaded with sauce.  LOVED the hummus - so fresh and so good.  Everything else in the sandwich was ultra fresh as well.  I was surprised at how many falafel you get in the sandwich - every time I thought they were gone, they just kept popping up!  The tahini was probably my favorite, then the hot sauce, which wasn't really necessary since the hot peppers added the kick already.  The mango chutney was interesting - didn't think it meshed too well with the sandwich.  Next time I'll have to try the other flavors of falafel. Sat outside in beautiful weather (there are two benches) since the inside is teeny tiny and packed - only about 6 stools with counter space.  Made a doggie friend, too :) Overall, food was really fresh, delicious, and flavorful.  Will definitely make the trek back over here for some falafel sandwich.
According to the menu, taim is the Hebrew word for delicious.  They certainly got that right and produce some seriously taim food. This place was tiny - maybe eight bar stools against the wall total.  We almost walked past it since it appears to be in a residential area off Waverly Pl. We came here for dinner after a hearty recommendation from MiRIAM w. and were struck by the number of delicious sounding choices.  Since our eating tour of New York included pie, cookies, French fries, bagels, pizza, tonkotsu ramen, and other rich food, I figured a healthy dinner and some veggies was in order.  Almost everything on the menu is vegan or vegetarian. Our merry group settled on the falafel pitas and the sabich pita.  All pitas come toasted and stuffed with hummus, the Israeli salad of tomatoes and cucumbers, green cabbage salad, and tahini.  The sabich also comes with amba sauce - whatever that is. For the falafel, you choose between green (with parsley, mint, and cilantro), red (with roasted red peppers), or harissa (yellowish, with Tunisian spices).  I couldn't really tell the difference between the different falafels since there was so many flavors already in the pita, but the falafel were delicious and still light after the deep fry.  The combination worked really well.  The sabich pita was filled with tender fried eggplant and slices of hard boiled egg.  Yum. The drinks were also good and very refreshing.  The pomegranate iced tea had a nice sourness and a strong pomegranate taste.  The brown sugar in the brown sugar ice tea added a nice additional flavor to the drink.  I'll have to try that myself at home. Overall, a very cheap, filling, and satisfying meal.  Not much space to sit and eat, but there is also a little bench outside where you can enjoy your meal.
A coworker and I have been looking for a good falafel place in the area for quite some time. Rainbow is alright, but not really worth the walk, and places like Chickpea are totally lame. But when I read about Taim in Serious Eats the other day, I knew we had to go. And man, it was so worth it. I got a (green) falafel sandwich and a side of fries. The falafel was truly excellent: it actually tasted like what falafel should. I'm not a fan of cucumber (blah blah, whatever, I just don't like it) but it was pretty good in conjunction with the falafel. And the cabbage they put in was reminiscent of Oasis, which is a longtime favorite. The fries were also fairly good, if a bit soggy. They came with a saffron aioli, though I'm not sure how much saffron was in there. Anyway, I'm glad I found this place. I will be back.. and it will be delicious.
Fantastic.  What more can you ask for from a falafel joint?  Fresh, fresh, fresh.  Fast delivery.  Always consistent.
I found out about Taim a few years ago while watching Throwdown with Bobby Flay. When I finally got around to checking it out, I left with absolutely no regrets! Their falafels are truly made to order, so they always come out hot and crispy. All of their salads are so fresh and their pita bread are a really grilled. The entire shop is small but very clean and neat. There may be a line but you get your order pretty quickly. I always get either their falafel sandwich, sabich sandwich, their platter (which to me is like their sandwich but a deconstructed version and with different salads but it's still fun to eat). I've had a few of their sides such as the beets salad, carrot salad and they're all delicious! You can always tell a business has a good reputation and growing when they've expanded and start up a new location (they now have a mobile truck that I see from time to time and another location in SOHO) the next time you're hungry, GO to Taim!
WOW!! The falafel is sooooooooooooooooooooooo fucking good here, you don't even know. Don't. Even. Know. Unless of course you've tried it. Oh my god. It's so good. And the PITA!!!!!! I never eat the pita given to me at falafel joints cause it's always thin and hard as a piece of sheet rock. But this pita, oh the pita, so big and soft and fluffy and coated in SEASONING!!!! *drooools* My favorite falafel that I tried was definitely the roasted red pepper. It was perfect. I have to deduct a star for the salads. They're just not that good. However, the tabbouli would be greatly improved with some lemon juice and olive oil. Don't come here for the salads. The falafel and pita is perfect. Also the sauces. So good.
Two words: FALAFEL PLATTER. Delicious salad, three types of falafel, pita, hummus.  All for a reasonable price. 'Nuff said.
My usual falafel and sabich place. I love walking over here in the summer and eating outside while I scarf down the fried goodness of falafel. Or go in the winter, when there is less of a line. Wimps!  Somehow I justify the price over Mamoun's (which is awesome in itself) just based on how fresh all of the ingredients are for the Israeli salad, letuce, tomato, etc. Mamoun's is no slouch though especially for two dollars, but somehow I crave it more when I am drunk. And Taim I crave really anytime.   It is a tight space in here and I recommend stalking out the bench outside (you can work in teams) or moving over to the benches by Morandi across the street.  They aren't the nicest in there, but I guess you don't have to be when there is always such high demand because your food is that up to snuff. I love how the falafel sandwiches are layered so I get a little but in every bite and it doesn't just sit all on top or on the bottom. The harissa is on point.  For a change of pace, get the sabich (fried eggplant with egg).  The smoothies are expensive, but delicious. I recommend the date smoothie.
Wow..maybe I came on an off evening. This place has been on my Yelp NYC cheap eats bucket list for a year. Finally made it.. Great location. Falafel sandwich was dryish cottony, almost cold and NO flavors popped (yes, I added the garlic, green sauce, tahini and hummus)...it was BLAH. I have eaten falafel at every highly rated place Mamouns, Maoz, Amsterdam Falafel DC, falafel in Detroit, SF, Boston, Providence etc etc...so I am no falafel noob. I expect falafel to be HOT and popping with flavor. The platter was better - the falafel balls were good...everything else was terrible. The hummus was salty and blah (where was the fresh popping flavor..no hit of lime / acid to brighten the flavor?), the garlic sauce was flavorless (or was it tahini..couldn't even tell), the taboule was decent. Something was overwhelmingly cuminly..I've tasted better hummus, taboule and tahini from Whole foods and trader joes. I once had falafel so bad that it's burned in my mind despite it being 10 years ago - it was in downtown NYC -Cindarella falafel. This is a close second. So many aspects of good falafel were misses here. I am amazed at all these rave reviews. I'd take Maoz over this any day and Mamouns too (the platter at the Hoboken location is AMAZING) especially given the premium price you pay here.
Really really good, fresh food. Falafel here is great, hummus is tasty, salads are fresh, and somehow they make these really delish smoothies I can never recreate at home. There's not really any seating, but its the perfect place to grab food from and then hit the piers.
Falafel is num num, but best to add your own feta as what they give you for an addition is tiny. I LOVE the cantaloupe ginger smoothie here. I always kick myself for not going back and getting another.
Taim serves up one of the best falafel sandwiches I've had anywhere.  The falafel balls are perfectly crispy on the outside and soft within (I had the 'green' version, flavored with cilantro, parsley, and mint).  The pita itself is fantastic, as are the sides they add to it: hummus, cabbage, and a cucumber and tomato salad.  The space inside is small, so it's best to get your sandwich to go and enjoy a messy, falafel-tastic walk around the West Village.
One of the best falafels I have ever eaten - the the Harisa with everything. The fries & dipping sauce are great too as well as the mint lemonade. This location is kind of crazy ordering wise, so be prepared.
Really good falafel at a great price.  They have falafel sandwiches and platters and a variety of salads, which can be combined into sandwich form as well.  I went with the $10 falafel platter which included 3 of each kind of falafel: - Green: made with parsley and other herbs - Red: roasted red pepper - Harissa: made with mild tunisian spices as well as hummus, and two salads and choice of white or wheat pita.  An excellent value!   The falafel are fairly small, but they're so crispy on the outside with a warm, moist center.  And you can just tell that they're made with fresh ingredients.  You see bits of herbs, spices, and veggies ground up in there and the flavor is just explosive.  Really quite good and all with their own distinct flavor.  The salads were very refreshing and the hummus was good but more on the tahini side of the flavor spectrum.  Maybe some people prefer that. Taim is a great neighborhood spot.  It's really small inside and can maybe accommodate 4 people, but they offer free delivery and do have a bench out front where a few people get sit.  Definitely worth coming to!
The Bad - Salads aren't the typical salad you would imagine - Place is small and cramped - Ran out of whole wheat pita (pita didn't taste as good as i imagined) - Tabouli-- eh...has a weird taste to it The Good - Falafel-- I typically dislike falafels but I gave this place a chance since Bobby Flay lost to the owner; it sure lived up to its name....the three types of falafels were fantastic - Eggplant salad--- this is good....seems like salsa to me so just slab some of this to the pita bread with your falafel and bam! - Moroccan Carrots-- this is kinda normal but its good; just carrots with flavor - Israeli Salad-- nothing special but its not bad...its diced up version of a typical salad The Bottomline- Come here for falafels only. Don't expect much from the pita. It's not that nice warm toasty feeling you would get when you take a bite into it.
Props for pitas! Had to order a second round due to they're hot goodness. Ordered soup that was meh... but everything else was outstanding. And yes the seating is very limited, but people shovel the food so fast (it's THAT good!) so the seats clear out in little waves pretty frequently. Go falafel yourself. You know you want to.
Adding to the 1000+ reviews since this place is straight up awesome. Have had the pleasure of visiting this location numerous times. Have had the falafel plates and a few of the sandwiches - all were delicious!! You won't go wrong here. Really very good food. Just a heads up - the location isn't great for dine-in. Have always gotten my orders to-go, which has been just fine.
Ok falafel, but not amazing though. Don't believe the hype. I like that you can get harissa and green falafel balls as an option, and they do pack in a bunch of tasty salads in the pita. But in the end, it was more average than mind blowing. It's also not really worth the price; 1 falafel and 1 small water was nearly $9.
They had me at amba... and harissa. YUM! As good as it gets when you are talking falafel, fresh ingredients, quick, friendly service and the best iced tea, lemonade & Arnold Palmers. Cash only, best for takeout since very limited seating inside.
Service was friendly but a bit too lax for my tastes: no one attended to me or made any sort of eye contact for quite a while. There was also a discrepancy between the register and the actual total that was announced to me and for which I was given change. The date lime banana smoothie was tasty and heavy, and I would certainly return for falafel, fresh off the best-in-NYC honor. A few weeks before said recognition, it wasn't that packed though people piled into the inevitably and unavoidably cramped space. Potential: 4 for better service, 5 once said falafel is tasted.
This place was great! Food was fresh and delicious. We had the falafel platter which comes with three sauces and also had the Mediterranean platter. The ginger-mint lemonade and brown-sugar lemonade were both good too.
I wasn't hungry. I was soaking wet. I inhaled the mixed falafel platter in about five minutes -- it was that good. Staff remarkably friendly, considering the crowds and the close quarters. I grew up on Mamoun's, but Taim is... different. To me, it's worth the premium for the different flavors and the prospect of high-end (?) falafel. I like how the menu items complement each other. There's a lot of thought and a lot of care here. Very impressed!
This place is exactly what I imagine small restaurants in New York City to be. Although it is very small (only 5 seats, 6 seats max available), it's a perfect place to go for lunch and take it to go. The lemonade is amazing, and the falafels and outstanding, probably one of the best I've had. It is a bit pricey but it's worth having to bite into a crunchy falafel and soft and moist on the inside with their multiple salsa that comes along.
Very tasty falafel sandwich. (I ordered mine with the harissa falafel balls, which had only a hint of spice.) The mint lemonade was fine, but not the best I've had. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but I'm glad I tried it and I'd be happy to come back next time I'm in the neighborhood. I do wish they would have let me add fried eggplant to my sandwich, though!
Very good falafel. Good prices. Small place but confortable enough to get the food and go. The cashier could have been much more kind. But the overall experience was good. Recomended
I spent 5yrs of my life as a vegetarian. Looking back, I often wonder what I was thinking. Life is short, why live so many years devoid of the stupefying glee that follows biting into a slice of crisp, sizzling bacon or a five napkin, drip-down-your-arm, grill-charred burger? Is any food truly better sans meat? Sure, an apple on its own is a stand-up snack, but when pureed into apple sauce and served with the perfect pork-chop...you have magic. Even chocolatiers have realized that the salty crunch of bacon has the unique power to illuminate a truffle and give an ordinary chocolate bar a whole new dimension of flavor.   Naturally, with this knowledge in mind, I was filled with haughty skepticism on the trek to Taim. My mind riddled with memories of the bland vegetarian dishes of what I like to call my "lost years." As we turned down falafel street I immediately noticed the building was small, like... walk-in-closet small, and the overwhelming crowd did little to quell this image. Yet there was a certain undeniable cozy charm that enveloped the restaurant and its patronage, now spilling out into the street. It's that kind of place where you know everything is made fresh, and with the precision that only love and tradition can induce. When we finally received our falafel plate, my trepidations had slightly faded, but that first bite caused me to rethink my entire philosophy. How could anything vegetarian be THIS good? The falafel had a crisp bite, yet a moist and fluffy, perfectly seasoned interior. The Israeli salad was palate cleansingly fresh, and the pita was unlike any pita I've ever tasted. The plate also comes with three side sauces and, while I normally discourage adding sauces to an otherwise complete dish, these each serve to elevate the other components in a deliciously unique way. I don't care if you are afraid of Mediterranean food, or if you can't spell, much less properly pronounce the items on the menu. I don't care if Taim is waaaayyy across town. I don't care if you don't like sitting outside or rubbing elbows with fellow diners...literally. Just go. Try it. Trust me... and you're welcome in advance.
Incredibly tasty falafel, probably the best I've ever had! Have been many times and will be many times more despite the crowd
This is a great little Falafel shack in West Village, that gets easily crammed pack if I might add. If you have a falafel craving in this area thats a little bit upscale in terms of quality, Taim's is the place. Their selling point here is that everything is made fresh and tastes fresh. I tried out their falafel variety platter, with three different types of falafel (harissa, green, and red), served with Israeli and Tabouli, along with a fresh side of hot pita bread and hummus. The falafel was a bit small in terms of size, but it more than makes it up for quality, since the red is streaked with red pepper, the harissa is simply amazing, and the green is nicely made with cilantro, parsley, and mint. The sauces that go along with it provided some kick to the Falafel as well, a orange sweet sauce and a red pepper based hot oil one (forgot the names). The tabouli definitely makes a nice side dish and compliments with the meal very well, and the  Israeli Salad is freshly made with cucumbers, tomatoes, and parsley. I absolutely loved the hummus here and the hot served pita brushed with oil called Zahatar. A recommended drink to go along with any meal at Taim's is the Ginger-Mint Lemonade, which definitely quenched my thrist and helped wash the meal down well. Overall, the Taim experience was quite an enjoyable one. Although for falafels, it is a bit more pricy than Mamouns, but it more than makes up the increased price in quality. 4 outta 5.
Dear Taim family, I have been trying to come here for a while now and i finally did with my girlfriend. Sadly, i was disappointed to have eaten there. We both commented on the same things which are: falafels too salty, and seasoning not that great. Why put tahini on the side? Aren't you supposed to add it to the falafel? You don't have the freedom to add whatever toppings you want. I wanted a falafel with eggplant inside... WHY COULDNT I? Also, the babaganoush... Come on, i didnt even taste it. And also, why would you mess a falafel by adding jalapenos? I couldn't eat jalapeños and the staff did not let me know. Thats inconsiderate. The staff: put on a smile on your face when a customer is being nice to you. Whats wrong with you people? Being bitchy isnt gonna get you anywhere. Conclusion: best falafels? Dont know about that. :(
Oh oh oh it's magic, you knooooooooww, never believe it's not sooo (Play Pilot as you read this review) The much hyped up falafel shack has delivered! I have had many a falafel in my life (some from Israel, mind you!) and I have to say it's one of the bests out there. I am shamelessly agreeing with the rest of New York when I say, look no further for the perfect falafel. The falafel is an all-in-one meal. You've got your variety of salads, some protein from the chick peas in the falafel balls, and a great toasty pita to enclose all of the yummy goodness. Add some Hummus and Tahini and you're all set for a mind blowing Middle Eastern delight. I had the Harissa flavored Falafel and it was just the right amount of spicy, which is edible at the same time as having a kick. I've had some falafels that were inedible due to the amounts of Chariff (spicy sauce) added to it. Good job you guys! I also had the Pomegranete Iced Tea which was tangy and refreshing, mmm mmm mmm. My only hangup may have been the lack of room/ general seating area, but one bite of that falafel and all was forgiven!! Definitely worth a try, especially if you're in the area!!
Simple and tasty but limited seating. If you're picking up for home, you're golden. The mixed falafel platter is delish and they deliver quick as a scirocco, only friendlier w/considerably less sand.
Perfect fresh falafel.
Came in just for a banana and fig smoothie, and o m g thats as good as it gets! Not too thick not too thin, not too sweet but not too bitter, by far the best smoothies in town! I wish they a location closer to work but ugh, will definitely make the trip back to try another smoothie!
Overall a good lace to grab a bite on the go, they have a nice verity of falafel combination. The simple truth is I am a traditional guy so I am not a huge fan of all the falafel flavor mix, just hit me with a good all regular flavor, they due have a fantastic babaganouch salad and that is hard to find. As I marked overall nice 4 stars
Today they lost a star. What shitty service.  I stood there watching everyone doing a lot of nothing, but no one asking the line of customers if they could be helped or even acknowledge them. I asked to sit on the outside bench when I ordered because I was with my puppy. They give me a porcelain plate and when I walk to the door im told I can't bring it outside. THANKS. So, Im left just standing there, no one offers an alternative or solution, they just stare at me. Im so annoyed now, I ask "what do u think about maybe giving me a to go plate?" They looked angry about it and toss a plastic plate on the counter. Really? They watch me scrape my food off the plate with a pita and cant be bothered to even offer me a fork or something. I order a bottle of water, $2.25 - im expecting some special water- no, a tiny poland spring bottle.  Then she has the BALLS to say "its not cold tho is that okay? " um no bitch for $2.25 for a $1 bottle anywhere, you better get me a cup of ice and pour the shit into it, give me a straw and ask me if I want a lemon wedge. Period. At this point, I let her have it. You bet your ass she did. I know the manager and will be stopping in when I see him in there to point fingers and get some lazy assholes put in their place.  Customer service is everything.
Falafel is incredible.it's really a small place but worth a visit especially if you are a veggie.
Haven't had a falafel in ages. This place seriously delivers a mean falafel sandwich. A great selection of additional topics, but the cabbage slaw added a great sweetness to the sandwich. Either whole or white pita to choose from. They don't skimp on the falafel either. Each bite was falafel filled and packed with amazing flavor. Prepared to order, this place gets it right. Definitely worth it to stop in!!!
Delicious falafel and hummus. Feels very clean and healthy unlike a lot of other cheap falafel spots. The smoothies are amazing too. Get the date/lime/banana one--nice flavor and consistency. I think they're opening up shop near soho soon--a welcome addition to the neighborhood
Oh No!  I never thought I would give Taim one star! Taim's has been my favorite falafel joint in New York  every time I visit.  I have sent everyone I know there as well.  But now,  alas,  I will not return.  I went there last week and the falafel was crispy on the outside,  but watery and raw on the inside.  I asked for it to be re cooked and it came back exactly the same.  It was very unappetizing.  The sides have always been just so so,  but the falafel,  pita and french fries have been outstanding!  Ugh,  now I must look for another falafel place.
After hearing this place was hot on yelp, my friend and I trekked over to the West Village to try out Taim.  Though it was pretty cold and we don't head over to the West Village often, we were met with a very delicious reward.  I'm not a huge fan of vegetables and like my food pretty plain, so I always see a large plus when I'm so pleased with the food that I don't want to get out my fork and pick things out of it.  Taim passed the test and I can guarantee I'll be bringing friends back!
Super yummy falafel sandwich with all the fixings! This place is a total gem. I will certainly be back to venture into the menu more.
We loved this quaint little take out shop. The hummus and falafels are very very good. One of the only places we went to twice during our week in NYC.
Went here with my sister for lunch on a Sunday. We got the green falafel sandwich and quinoa lemon spinach salad. Most delicious Mediterranean food we've ever had! Definitely more of a take-out place, since there are only a couple of seats inside. The cashier was a bit brisk and not too friendly, but the service was fast and the food amazing! The brown sugar lemonade was also the perfect refreshing proportion of sweet and sour.
If you are a fan of falafels, this place is for you. For me the falafels were good but the smoothies are the reason i would recommend this to people. I had the raspberry-strawberry-basil smoothie and it was amazing. Fresh and full of flavor. $5 is a little pricey for a smoothie, but this is NYC...and the flavors they have are better than any one else.
I know.... Don't hated me... but my Sabich sandwich didn't satisfy me. I like eggplants but the eggplant in the sandwich over powered the rest. It also lacked in flavor to me. It might tasted better if there's more of lemony-salty-nutty Tahini sauce. Other reason why it didn't satisfy moi was that I forgot to ask for that yummy spicy sauce when I ordered for delivery. To avoid the crowd and dealing with the over worked and stressed staff, I definitely choose for delivery. If I feel like going, call my order a head for a pick-up. It might also work for anyone who knows what to choose.
Yeah, I tried it because I saw it on Throwdown with Bobby Flay, ok? So did about three other people I sat elbow to elbow with inside this small neighborhood falafel joint.   I've tried many a falafel in my day and I have to say this Taim's falafel is a cut above the rest!  I got the green falafel platter for $9.50, which comes with tabouli, a cucumber salad, three sauces, pita, hummus and about 6-7 falafel balls.  The falafel itself is incredibly light and crispy with a ton of flavor in each bite.  So good.  They're smaller than other falafel I've had, which I learned on Food Network was to optimize the crunchy outside to delicious inside ratio... makes sense.   The hummus was pretty good, nicely seasoned with a little paprika, the pita is a bit thicker than some but also very delicious, with sesame seeds and seasoning on it as well.  The three sauces they give you are amazing and should be used liberally on everything.   The ginger-mint lemonade is also one of the best lemonades I've ever had. Garnished liberally with fresh mint! I can see how this easily beat Bobby Flay's falafel, you can't beat perfection.  I'll be back whenever I'm in the area!
I love this tiny falafel bar. I've been happy with everything I've ever ordered from here. You really can't go wrong here. Recently the owner was on the Food Network's show "Chopped", in which she won the top $10K prize. I feel like ever since her TV presence, this place has been swamped with people who've never had falafel before. Every time I go here now, I hear things like, "baba what?" "What's tahini?" Aside from all the newbies, I continue to enjoy this place. If you have more than two people, don't count on dining in- the place is tiny. There's enough space to seat 6 or 7 people. However, their plating is very nice, and I love squeezing in for a mixed falafel platter. It comes with a wonderful, fresh, Israeli salad, tabouli, warm seasoned pita bread, and three sauces for dipping and drizzling: tahini, harrisa aioli, and a spicy pepper sauce. The falafel are served over hummus. I enjoy falafel like I enjoy wine-- it can taste different in many different places, and I love the variations. I cannot say one is better than the other, but Taim's is definitely near the top of my list of favorites. The harrisa is probably my favorite flavor. They also serve fries here.. and although I never get them when I come alone, they're a delight with a group of friends. They're delicious. Try their other salads as well... I love the Moroccan carrots. And the baba ganoush is pretty good too.
minus a star because it's a bit overpriced. i said it! got the green (classic) falafel sandwich to go. if you're not extremely lucky to have snagged some counter space, you better be dressed for the weather outside -- there's absolutely no room in there! even to wait for my sandwich i was constantly jostled and nudged for 10 min. headed back to work on the subway, took a nibble and then proceeded to eat the entire thing on the 1 train platform. yes, i know it's gross eating with that subway tunnel wind blowing on you, but that's just how addicting the combo of little fried chickpea-balls, creamy hummus, and tangy israeli salad wrapped in a fluffy pita were!
We got the harissa sandwich and the sabich. Both were good but I wasn't immediately moved to ordering more which for me is usually a 4 star review. Their juices and drinks looked really appealing. They were cash only when we ate and had a sign apologizing for the inconvenience so I'm not sure if that means they usually accept credit cards. Others seems to love it as the small shop had a decent line outside of it waiting to order when we left.
Came here when it opened on a Sunday morning- 11 am. Ordered the regular falafel sandwich with everything and ordered a mild falafel sandwich. Both were delicious. Falafel was perfectly crisp and very tasty. A little crisp on the outside and ehhmmmm ehm good and juicy on the inside. All toppings inside sandwich were also mouthwatering good. Yum. I'll take another, please??!
First reaction: daaaang, these falafels are SMALL! Small, but yummy! Second reaction: did he just put simple syrup (cooked sugar + water) in my smoothie to sweeten it? oh no he didn't!! (yes he actually did) That's not cool. Falafels tasted great. The outdoor benches were nice on a warm day like today. Smoothies sweetened with sugar and charging 5 dollars for it is just wrong. (At least use juice or something) Would definitely come back for the falafels, but will stay away from the smoothies. Oh, and they're cash only
Someone bring me a falafel sandwich from taim please!!! I love this place. Don't mind standing! I prefer to go here during the summer and eat outside. During the winter is hard because it's so tiny inside. All the 3 different type of falafels are great and tasty and so yummy! I can't really say that these falafels are healthy since they are fried... but it is so good that I would consider it a healthy sandwich =)
Unreal falafel.  I like the green one, as well as whichever is the hot flavor - I'm assuming red. Perfectly done falafel, though... definitely take the nearly 1000 reviews and its current 4.5 star rating seriously. However, I will agree with some other reviewers regarding the drinks -- they're good, but absolutely over-priced.  Also, don't expect to get a table inside... it's really tight, so I'd suggest getting a sandwich to go.
All hummus sandwiches are NOT created equal.  After experiencing Taim's version, it definitely sets the standard.  I got the hummus, which comes with 2 salad choices.  I opted for the 1- Israeli Salad( freshly chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, with parsley, and Lemon Mint dressing) and 2-Eggplant Salad (sautéed eggplant, in slow cooked tomato, onion, red pepper sauce with paprika and cumin).  Talk about an explosion of vegetables. I think I blew the food pyramid apart with my generous servings! The pita is overly stuffed with the ingredients. literally bursting through the seams. Luckily, your waist will probably thank you as it's a pretty healthy sandwich.  The salads are fresh and the spices of cumin/paprika, and the awesome lemon mint dressing tantalize your taste buds. They all go well with the hummus, with just the right amount of chickpeas, tahini, garlic, and lemon combined in a swirl of goodness. Taim means delicious and tasty.  I'm going to start adding that word to my vocabulary.  The hummus, definitely "taim." Quick tip:  the place is really cramped and small so seating may be a problem.  I took mine to go and ate nearby a park.
Who knew falafels could have such potential?? This is BEST falafel sandwich I've ever had...far better than the street vendors and better than Mamoun's! The pita is exceptionally made - warm, chewy, and soft with choice or white or whole wheat. The falafel balls are amazing - fresh made to order, creamy, and heavenly when you bite into them. The sandwiches include hummus, marinated cabbage, tahini, and israeli salad which rounds out the sandwich perfectly. They have even perfected the sandwich organization by putting a few falafel balls on the bottom of the pita pocket as well as the top. I've been lucky each time I go there are only a few people there so I usually get a seat at the counter with everyone I've taken here. It's a modern, clean space, so not what you think when you "hole-in-the-wall." So far Taim's falafel sandwich is one of my favorite foods in NYC!
OY VEY this was deeeeeelicious. Along with my quest to try every frozen yogurt place in NYC, I think I should add falafs to the list (yes I just shortened the word falafel). This was wonderful. I got the harissa aka the spicy falafel and I am only taking off a point because I didn't think it was spicy at all. And they didn't ask if I wanted any spicy sauce on my falafel. So it could have been a touch more flavorful but still... delicious. A falafel sandwich on pita with hummus is just like the biggest bargain ever. A satiating, full dinner for 6 bucks? Done and done.
Outstanding falafel--superior to the ones I've had at Mahmoun's and probably the best I've ever had. This was part of our little food crawl of the West Village and there wasn't much room left in my belly after pizza and ice cream, but I wasn't going home without trying my first Taim. I got a sandwich with the works and Harissa orange/medium spice level ("Tunisian") with the works. It was over $6, which is twice what you'll pay at a Halal cart, but it really packed a punch. It was a legitimate lunch/dinner alternative. You can also do a sampler platter for $4 without the sandwich, so if you don't want the extra carbs, it's a good option. Warning: these shops are tiny, so get delivery or come snatch it in a brown paper bag and run it back to your abode. Not a great place to crowd on a cold winter night. Brrrr.
I used to come here for the falafels, especially the falafel plate that had a mixture of all three different types, but I've left really disappointed the last two times,  Now I just for the smoothies, especially the date smoothie, which is really tasty and naturally sweet.  I'll sneak in an order of fries once in a while because the saffron aioli is so damn good, but the falafels always leave me really stuffed and feeling kind of...greasy.  Their bread is absolutely amazing, especially when they rub oil and spices all over it, but I just can't eat it without regretting it afterwards.   The smoothies are out of this world - you definitely have to try all of them!
I had never had falafel before moving to NYC and it has quickly become one of my favorite foods. Taïm makes the best I've had and is one of my top places to eat anywhere. The red falafel is my favorite. The hummus is perfect. The zahatar pita is ridiculously good. Every smoothie is unique and delicious. I can't say enough good things about this place. The only bad thing I can say is that they aren't on SeamlessWeb. In any case, they're pretty nice on the phone and delivery is speedy.
How I haven't written about this place yet is a travesty. I've been eating here for well over two years and it's by far the best falafel I've ever had. I'm so sorry to be holding out on my fellow Yelpers! I don't know about you, but the only falafel I ever hear about in the city is Mamoun's. There's no comparison. And, my reply is always, "You haven't had falafel til you've had Taim."  Yea, the falafels here range from 4.50 to 6.50 which represents a rather hefty amount above that of Mamoun's but it's worth every penny. The name means "tasty" in Hebrew and that's exactly what this place serves up. Everything here is homemade, fresh, and blow your mind delicious. Even the pita is fresh and grilled up over a kitchen flame before they serve it to you. The hummus is top notch. They fill your falafel with real Israeli salad and not just lettuce and tomato. The white sauce (tahini?) is to die for. Everything blends together into what I will wholeheartedly say is the perfect falafel. Can Taim get better? Why yes it can. Here are a few tips. Make sure to see if they have a special falafel running whenever you go in. They have three standards - regular (parsley and chickpeas), harissa (spicy), and red pepper (some roasted red pepper inside the balls), but the olive falafel and the porcini mushroom falafel specials will blow your mind. If you like things hot, make sure to get their hot sauce. That stuff will surely blow your hair back. If you've got a few extra bucks to spend, and for you Mamoun's transplants this might be stretching your dollar but trust me it's worth it, the French fries and saffron aioli are wonderful. The fries are hand cut and fried to order. The saffron aioli is perfection. A true hidden gem as far as snacks in the city are concerned. The smoothies are expensive but also fresh made and have some real inventive pairings. I can't say anything bad about this place except maybe for the lack of seating, but that just adds to the charm so, no, there is nothing bad about Taim. It is the closest to perfection from a restaurant that I've ever found. No, its never going to get Michelin stars, but it delivers everything it promises and then some  and that, my friends, is how a restaurant (or food stand) should be run.
Silly Yelp is trying to tell me that I have never reviewed this pha-nom-in-al falafel shop that has kept me happy for years. If you love the freshest ingredients, the juiciest falafel sandwiches, the authentic yet current flavors like harissa, you will melt with joy by coming here. They have a very cool defense mechanism to ensure you get your falafel every time, the place is SO small that it naturally scares away those who think you may have to wait a life time to get food. This is a good thing, since if you are in the know, you will cram in like a New Yorker and wait 13 minutes, and wham, you have heaven on a plate. My go to order is a harissa falafel sandwich on white (screw the healthy, white pita rocks). This is middle eastern comfort food done to perfection in the middle of the Village. Do not pass it up, you hear, do not.
I had no idea falafel could be so good. I have never been the type of person who gets falafel cravings....in fact I have never craved anything that didn't have a big slab of meet somewhere in it. Taim has changed this, the second I was done with my falafel sandwich I found myself craving another.  This place makes seriously good food. Theres only about three seats inside so if you were planing to sit down and eat you better find a park or something nearby.
Enough hummus comes with the falafel platter so that I have leftovers.  Plus the bread is pretty clutch.   Everything else can be found better elsewhere, though in piece parts.  So what I'm saying is, I could go around the city & get great falafel, great hummus, great israeli salad, great tabbouleh, but then I'd have to make 4+ stops.  Or I could go to Taim & everything will be good, just not great (exception for that pita).  And I'm lazy.  So I'll just keep going here.
Overpriced & kinda dry. I did like it but was sad it wasnt as exemplary as I had hoped from the reviews, since I live nearby and love falafel. Perhaps I just like it sloppy.             Ok so not just perhaps.
Consistent, filling, and deeeelicious.   The only dilemma I have about this place is --can I wait long enough to walk home before I eat this, or should I just tear into it now while I'm waiting for the light to change on 6th Avenue, and come to terms with the fact that I will be publicly wearing hummus on my face and leaking sauce and licking it as it trickles down my forearms for the next 15 minutes? Usually, I am able to come to terms with it. This place is in a league of its own.
I promised my friend some delicious fried chickpea fritters of goodness. He looked at me skeptically. "I ate falafels for a month when I backpacked around Israel," he warned. I mean, what is an Asian girl like me trying to claim she knows her falafels? I am, obviously, not Jewish. But, you see, I'm from Princeton. Land of suburban housewives and the Jews. It's like the Jewish escaped from Egypt and landed to our little brick town. (I'm sure that was vaguely sacriligious somewhow, but please forgive me.) Granted, I have yet to find a decent falafel place anywhere in a 15 mile radius of our town, but still -- I'm making a point here. So, I digressed. I took my friend to Taim. Since we wanted something delicious and the name of this crowded little store boldly made the claim that it was in fact delicious. We both ordered the harissa falafels. Don't be fooled. These little badboys ain't spicy, but had lots of flavor. Two bites into my pita, his was demolished. I didn't promise anything about the fries, thankfully (Princeton has no fast food joints). But while they were a bit limp (and no one likes limp things), these were decently salted. And frankly, it's hard to go wrong with fried taters. Still, thanks Taim, for proving the wanna-be Jew in me.
Fresh ingredient, savory Falafel, splendid sauce. One of the best pocket sandwich I ever had. Smoothie selection is strange, talking about the ingredients combination of the smoothie, but very refreshing. Definitely worth to try!!
This place just rocks.  I'm not the world's biggest falafel fan but the ones from here are just insanely good and tasty (taim means tasty in Hebrew, btw).  I can't believe the long lines, even during the day.  I guess it got hip in a hurry.  I hope it stays on point even with the celeb attention.
Never really gave Falafel a chance until I stumbled across this place randomly. Only 6.25 for a Traditional/Green Falafel pita sandwich! It's something that's delicious, hits the spot, and cost effective. I'm a carnivore at heart and can't stand eating vegetarian type food, but that sandwich thoughhhhh. Wifey ordered a classic Hummus with Ginger-Mint Lemonade and enjoyed them both. I've never really been a fan of hummus and mint in general so they weren't exactly my style of preferred tastes. Not saying they were bad, it wouldn't be something that I'd order normally. Although I wish the hummus came with more pita. First falafel experience has set the standard high, hopefully other falafel places that I try out follow suit or raise the bar even higher
This place has the best falafel pita I've ever had.   Enough said.
Saw this place on Bobby Flay's Throwdown and I had to go give it a try... I got the falafel combo to try them all... The best falafel I had... all three flavors of them...  I didn't realize it was cash only and after paying my cab fare with cash I didn't have any money left for a smoothie... :( Surprisingly... it even tasted amazing the next day... cold and straight from the fridge...
Oh man! This place is bomb! Tiny little place but oh so cute! I ordered the harissa? falafel. YUMMAY! And their mint tea was super good too.
I usually hated eating falafel but coming here it just changed my perspective. I bought the platter and the smoothie. Let's start with the platter, it comes with hummus, salad,pita bread, several different flavors of falafel and something's else. The hummus and falafel are darn GOOD and this are the stuff that makes there falafel sandwhich the best. The smoothie was alright not that good. Spent over $20 at this place but well worth. This my top place to get falafel from now on.
The husband & wife team who own Taim are good friends of mine, but whether a friend or foe, if you serve bad food I won't eat it, and I eat here as often as possible. I love Mahmoun's, but can honestly say this blows it away. It's the best falafel around. Firstly, they have fresh & authentic pita bread which is actually puffy and bread-like as opposed to a flat edible container for the ingredients. The falafel itself is great, they always have 3 flavors (I usually get yarissa) and a special of the day. Their kalamata olive falafel was choice. hey have fresh & authentic toppings too, which are, of course, key to any good falafel. Try their chili sauce, but not too much of it! The Greek salad is great too. The place is tiny - there are about 3 stools inside at a small counter opposite the service area, so it's mainly grab & go. But grab & go you should if you are in the West Village and in need of some cheap & amazing fresh food, or if you are a fan of falafel, you should seek this place out.
When I first got to NYC, I thought we would try something more exotic.  But I knew not to doubt my cousin, who has such great taste in food.   The falafels here are the best I've ever tasted.  Didn't even realize that falafels can be made with different flavors, i choose the green.  The pita, salad, and sauce with the falafel created such a great sandwich!
Update: 1/6/10 I have searched far and wide for another great falafel joint in the Boston Area and I can't . Taim Falafel how I miss you... how I crave you!!!! Your sandwich is the perfect blend of salty, tangy, crunchy, and mushy from the hummos. I have not found another place that uses your  amazing pickled cabbage. I will have to make to trip soon just to have you again.
It was my first time here and I had the green falafel sandwich and it was totally delicious! They really stuff the pita with falafels - every time I thought I was biting into the last on and therefore felt sorry for myself, I got another one. My friend had the eggplant sandwich and thought it was really good. I made a mental note to try that next time. My pomegranate tea was deliciously refreshing and had a strong black tea flavour to it.
Best falafel in the city. There are a ton of options for falafel in the city, but Taïm is my favorite falafel place in the city.  Moshe's is good and cheap, and Maoz allows unlimited toppings, but the falafel itself at Taïm is the best.  It's crunchy outside and moist inside, and whatever mixture they use keeps the falafel moist when it gets dry at most other places.  They offer three different types of falafel, something else unique to Taïm. I've tried the green and red falafels and both have that great texture, but flavor differences between the two aren't noticeable when you have all the slaw, sauce and hummus.  The cabbage is pickled giving it a nice sourness, and the sauce and hummus are delicious, smooth, and maintains the tahini flavor. The fries with saffron aioli are also good, extremely crispy and large enough for several people to share. I've been to both the brick and mortar location and the truck, but didn't realize the truck does not offer all of the other sandwiches (e.g. sabich - eggplant and egg) so just a warning.
WOW.  You wouldn't expect such amazing food from this tiny, hole in the wall restaurant.  I had the mediterranean platter with babaganoush,, tabbouli and beets.  Everything was DELICIOUS, including the pita bread and hummus.   The line was long, but don't let that dissuade you - it's definitely worth the wait.  My friend and I ate in (there are a few seats along the window) and the whole time we were there, people kept coming in.   When I was in line, I talked to an older lady behind me.  She said she eats at Taim all the time.  She's the one who recommended babaganoush and suggested that I ask for the sauces.     A+ for food and value
The place is very small and there is hardly a place to stand up. I tried the spicy falafel and thought it was pretty good. I loved the bread and how well the sandwich held up.
Coming back to NYC after living in the Middle East for a year really gives you a firm grounding in falafel. That said, Taim no longer blows me away. The food is good, just not excellent. And there is a difference. Their main weaknesses are the same- mediocre pita and the waitstaff. The pita should be fluffy and full, and it should not bust out at the bottom, this is such an annoyance. Their pita is like a pancake almost, flat and no fluff, and always always bursts at the bottom. Their huge array of condiments isn't really that impressive either, and they aren't so generous with it to begin with. Now the waitstaff, I don't know what's going on here. I came in a few days ago and they had music blaring and it was chaos inside but there weren't any customers!!! Really weird. I made my order and the really angry looking Mexican gentleman wouldn't speak to me (in either English or Spanish) This was really rude. Even in really touch places like East Jerusalem, Arabs and Jews speak to each other at the Falafel stand! I feel that if you want higher quality falafel and a better experience with the waitstaff, go to TriBeCa and try Nish Nush, it's such a better place.
I am a huge fan of falafel, but back in Seattle it's slim pickins when it comes to the stuff! I was super excited when I got hungry walking Greenwich Village on vaca when I found Taim on Yelp :) What a deal!! It was like $7 for a huge, delicious, fat, delicious, tasty falafel! Joint was tiny so there was no room for use to sit down and nibble our delight. There were only maybe 5 bar stools. It came conveniently wrapped so it was pretty easy to eat on the move. I was so full afterwards, actually I had to throw away like 4 bites cuz I just couldn't eat anymore. Quick friendly service, cheap, delicious, what more can a gal who loves falafel ask for?
Had a snack at the Taim truck parked in Soho last weekend. Their whole wheat pita is sooo good, i ate it in 5 seconds and barely wanted any of the hummus/mixed salads to go with it. It has a little salt and zatar on it, so its delicious on its own. Tried a few sips of the date/lime/banana shake and it was perfect, even in 30 degree weather. Looove homemade smoothies
Decent falafel but lacked taste for some reason. Tried it twice and probably won't head back.
Best Falafels ever! I loooveee this place!
I'm not a huge fan of Middle Eastern food.  I've never been into falafel but my boyfriend loves it.  We went yesterday April 24th, 2009, a beautiful 80 degree spring day.  I let my boyfriend do all of the ordering and just went with it, and everything was REALLY good!!  Unfortunately I'm unable to tell you the names of the falafel wraps we ordered but  from all the ratings I'm assuming there's not much you can go wrong with.   Only downfall is the size of the place.  The line is out the door and there's no seating except for a few bar stools, so if you're making a trip into the city make sure it's a nice day so you can eat outside on the street.
I love Taim! This is one of those places in NYC that you just have to try at least once (and if you try it once, you'll have to try it again because it's just that good!). My boyfriend grew up and lived in Israel for 12 years, so I kind of consider him my falafel expert. From what he has told me, Taim is pretty traditionally Israeli (Taim is Hebrew for delicious), and he would literally go to Taim every weekend if it wasn't kind of a trek for us. I always get the green falafel, which is the traditional (chick peas mixed with parsley, cilantro, and mint). When you get the pita, it comes with hummus, israeli salad, and tahini sauce. The combination of flavors and textures is simply perfect. I have had falafel at other places and none have tasted like this! My boyfriend also likes to get a side of zahatar pitas. Zahatar is a spice mix used in Turkey and the Middle East, and it is just perfect on warm pita. I had never heard of it before, but I would definitely recommend trying it! Although I haven't tried them because I'm always so full from the falafel pita, their fries served with saffron aioli are also supposed to be amazing. Just FYI, it's cash only and ridiculously tiny, so be prepared to take your food elsewhere.
I checked this place out today after I heard it's the best Falafel place in NYC. Though I haven't gone on a Falafel tour of NYC I have had my fair share of standard Falafel from stores and carts. I have to say I agree that this is probably the best spot out there. All the ingredients tasted super fresh. The Falafel was nice and green on the inside. It was also perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and light and green on the outside. I hate it when you get a soggy Falafel that feels like you're eating the old grease from the fryer because it's soaked all the way through. This type is usually followed by a stomach ache soon after. These were cooked perfectly and were delightfully flavourful on the inside. Also, I tried the platter and the Falafel sandwich and I found the sandwich tastier but go with what you think you'll like more.
My boyfriend is from Israel and he grew up eating a lot of middle eastern food. So for the past few months, we've been going to different middle eastern places, trying to find the best falafel sandwich. And we both agree that Taim's is by far the best falafel sandwich we've found! The texture of their falafel is melts-in-the-mouth perfect. Everything was really fresh, and the sandwich was just the right size. We also tried the french fries (I always have to try the french fries, wherever we go to eat). The fries are thin cut, nice and crispy. They gave a good portion of fries for $4, and the saffron aioli that came with it was so good! I just wish there was more seating. It's a small space, and most of the room inside is taken up by the kitchen space. There are 4 or 5 stools for people to sit at the counter by the window, but I wouldn't count on it being available since this place tends to be packed. The seats are usually taken, both the stools inside and the benches outside. In addition, it's always crowded with people coming in and out trying to order food. Overall really great, fresh food for a good price.
I just stumbled upon this little falafel spot by accident and I think it must have been my lucky day!  Hands down this was the best falafel I have had since being in NYC.  There is limited seating and they only take cash. Their falafels are huge and filled with veggies, sauces, and of course fresh made to order falafels.  I love that you can choose the falafel batter for your sandwich, that everything is so wholesome and clean, and how friendly the staff is here. I shared the falafel with my friend along with a pomegranate honey iced tea which was delicious (the actual honey is infused with pomegranate flavor) and a pineapple and coconut smoothie which was just the right amount of sweet.  I can't wait to come back!
Crispy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. Heavenly falafel goodness in a pita bread. I've tried falafel from two other places and Taim does it best. (but I have yet to try Pita Joe) For around $6 you get falafel (4-5 pieces?...I just lost it when I took a bite) in pita bread with fresh salad. And you know when you're almost done, you're left munching on dry pita? But no, they've packed some hummus at the bottom so there's no disappointment! At Taim they offer three kinds of falafel that I think is hard to find; from green to spicy red for the adventurous and spice lovers. Referring to Yelp it's an cheap place to get good food. But I think the prices are moderate, not cheap. If I come here everyday it wouldn't be good for my wallet. Regardless...I'm definitely coming back here for a falafel platter ($10). They also make smoothies and have quite an interesting drinks menu. My friend got a ginger mint lemonade, sounds refreshing...I would've tried their drinks but it was freezing that day an iced drink wouldn't do much good for me.   One con would be the size of the place, good luck to you finding a cozy spot!
I had been hearing about this place a lot and when I came across Jane K's review, and then clicked on the photos of the food, I had to try it. Let's just say it didn't disappoint. The falafels are really good. My favorite was the harissa one because I like that little extra kick. My boyfriend preferred the red pepper one. The red pepper one was my least fave, so it just goes to show that everyone has different taste buds. The original was also tasty. I tried the mixed falafel platter so I could get a taste of everything. To note, this platter is huge.... I wish I had shared it with my boyfriend and didn't eat so much... they actually give you 9 falafel balls (3 of each flavor) with this platter, luckily my boyfriend took a few of them. The hummus is pretty standard, definitely wouldn't go here for the hummus specifically. I prefer the hummus at Hummus Place or Hummus Kitchen, although it was good for fast-food, cold hummus. They also put A LOT of tahini in the middle of the hummus, which while it was very tasty, it is also very high in calories, so watch out. The platter also comes with Israeli salad, tabouli and a zataar pita. The Israeli salad was also pretty standard. Again, I prefer the Israeli salad at Hummus Place. For me, the best part of the whole thing was the tabouli. The tabouli was pretty much incredible. I'd make the trip downtown just for this tabouli. Definitely do yourself a favor and try it. The zataar pita was also delicious. I got the whole wheat one. I happen to love zataar on anything though. Overall, I'd say just get a sandwich or just get the tabouli (or both) rather than getting the whole platter since its too big for one person anyways. I also tried the ginger mint lemonade... while it was more ice than lemonade, it was excellent... pretty much one of the best lemonades I've ever had and I'm pretty picky (make that pretentious) on lemonades. Now onto the place itself. The place is tiny. It's also kind of hard to find if you aren't familiar with the West Village (I'm an uptown girl, what can I say).... so don't get lost... and don't be disappointed if you can't eat inside the restaurant... oh, and don't be disappointed that you will have to wait in line for a while, because there is a huge line out the door of this place all the time... even late. I will say the line went pretty quick and they turned around the orders pretty quickly given the amount that they had. The prices are also pretty good for the amount of food you're getting. So my verdict? I wouldn't treck all the way downtown just for Taim again, but next time I'm in the West Village, it's definitely on the top of my list. P.s. bring cash. they dont take cards and there aren't really any banks around... although there are some ATMs you can pay a fee to use.
Yet another reason to move to NYC. The hummus is amazing, as other reviewers have noted. Thick, fresh, and exceedingly tasty. However my real favorite is the sabich sandwich, the most incredible combo of fried eggplant, hard boiled organic egg, hummus, cabbage slaw, pickle, dressing--an amazing flavor combo of salty, sweet, fried, soft, spicy, and umami. Wow!!!!!!
DAMN I'm gonna have to start calling this place the Kingslayer in honor of Jaime Lannister, because this place just sacked Mamoun's from its throne atop Falafel Kingdom. As the 1000 other reviews state, this is one of those magical creations where everything just comes together so perfectly that it somehow becomes more than the sum of its alreadyawesome parts. I got a pita with the Harissa falafel and generous amounts of tahini and hot sauce. My first bite was falagasmic - the pita was perfectly toasted, the balls were spicy and uber-crunchy, the lettuce was fresh, and the sauces unbelievably savory. It was a 10 minute eating experience I'll never forget. I also got the strawberry-raspberry-Thai basil smoothie along with it, which was light, crisp, and refreshing. My only knock on the spot is price. Yeah, $5.50 for a falafel that's about 1.5x the size of Mamoun's is decent, but one wasn't enough to fill me up. I'd have to go for 2 falafels (totaling $11) or nab the platter, which comes out to $12. Considering I can pile on 2-3 falafels at Mamoun's and still keep it under $8, this was a bit of a sour point for me. But damn. These falafels light my gustatory loins on fire. Can't wait to come back.
Whilst strolling along 7th ave it may be very easy to overlook the un-imposing sign advertising Taim Falafel and Smoothie bar. If you do miss this place it really is a shame, for theirs is perhaps and i say perhaps with great caution, but perhaps the best falafel I have ever laid lips upon. First of all they have three, yes 3, choices of falafel and are quite generous with said balls of delight. Their whole wheat pita is neither grainy nor excessively toasted. And overall the small dining area and friendly staff make for quite a nice, easy and most of all: CHEAP dining experience.
Had a craving for a smoothie on a hot summer day and Taim's Pear, Mint and Lemon Specialty Smoothie hit the spot! Wasn't even hungry but was enticed into sharing a sabich platter with the mister. The eggplant and hummus were exceptional, candied carrots and Israeli salad delicious and pita bread warm and filling (plus, it was only $10!). Plan to swing by again for a falafel in the near future :)
One of my favorite NYC spots.  I am not a vegetarian - far from it.  But I have to admit that this place is AWESOME.  It gets your belly full pretty fast and you don't end up falling into a food coma after.  The falafel was good, but the sabiche was outstanding!  The veggies are light and refreshing.  Of course I had to be a total pig by indulging in the fries as well.  This veggie spot did not disappoint in the fried unhealthy category either!  I also recommend those thin, crispy, tasty fries as well!   The only downside is that the place is so tiny and cramped.  Just get your food and take it elsewhere.  Enjoy the outdoors!  Despite its size, I still can't deduct a point.  The food is just too delicious.
This place has the yummiest falafel and hummus! I only wish it wasn't vegetarian so I could get a wrap with chicken too!
This place is as good as it gets in terms of quality of food at quite low prices. The falafel sandwich is delicious, so I keep coming back to it, though I'd really like to try the sabich as well, or one of the luscious-looking platters. The fries and the brown sugar lemonade are also both excellent. Taim has always been busy when I've stopped by, so it takes awhile for your order to come out, but it's all the better for the anticipation.
So good - only tried the traditional sandwich but it was executed well. full flavor, and the pita was fluffy and soft. SOOOO GOOD ! By far, one of the best falafels I've had !
Yum Yum Yum. Get Harissa for a little kick (not too spicy at all). The fries are crunchy, which I loved with their sauce. Date banana shake was also good, unique and refreshing.
Gluten-Free Falafel.  Been waiting a long time for this!  So totally worth it.
Delicious Lucky to get a table Service = Spilt my drink on the way out and they chased me out with a free replacement great food and good for the price considering NYC.
I am converting to Judaism after eating this amazing delight. Best tabouli I've ever had. It has cilantro and mint! The falafels were cooked perfectly and fresh. The bread had a hint of char grill taste to it oh my I'm going to be their most loyal customer.
One of my favorite places to eat in the city. Taïm never disappoints. Have tried both the red and green falafel sandwich. Its simplicity helps all the flavors come through, especially the taste and texture of the falafels. The cucumber salad they toss in it is also really awesome. After eating Taïm, you feel full and satisfied but won't need to anticipate a food coma. In my opinion..there's no better way to spend $6.50 on food. Also their banana date lime smoothie is DELICIOUS. Fresh, thick, and perfect for a warm summer day. On that note, I'd stay away from the berry basil. Tasted like cough syrup to me. The store is small and seating is limited (4-6 chairs inside and two benches outside), so be prepared to enjoy your food elsewhere!
The boyfriend introduced me to Taim when he suggested bringing home dinner one night. "Do you like Mamouns? Well this is better." Wait what? Better than late night falafel yumminess from Mamouns?! Sold! Bring home the goods!! His absolute fa-a-a-a-vorite sandwich is the Sabbich, which is weird because he doesn't like eggplant and neither do I. But he swore by it and I trust his taste buds so we got two of those. Sliced eggplant (fried to order), with an organic egg, parsley, hummus, Israeli salad, pickled cabbage, tahini sauce and amba (pickled mango-fenugreek chutney), plus pickles on mine. I have to admit, I was pretty impressed...and this is after a 25ish minute commute home. The next time he decided to grab Taim, I scoured Yelp reviews and chose the Falafel Sandwich (choice of falafel, hummus, israeli salad, pickled cabbage and tahini sauce). With pickles, of course. Duuuuuuuuuuuude... Don't get me wrong, the Sabbich was good, but falafels trump eggplant in my opinion. The ever so slightly spicy harissa falafel, cooled down with hummus, perfectly complemented with Israeli salad and pickled cabbage. *cue angelic choir music* The boyfriend thinks otherwise. Although he really liked the Falafel Sandwich his cravings still gravitate towards the Sabbich. It's totally ok though, we're allowed to have differing opinions =) (read: that just means I get to sneak in and swoop out egg slices from his Sabbich). So the third time the boyfriend had a hankering for Taim, of course he went for the Sabbich while I immediately said, "FALAFEL SANDWICH SAME AS LAST TIME PLEASE AND THANK YOU!!" Taim~ you had me at harissa. Oh you so had me at harissa.
Best falafeel, i ever had! its located in very nice neighborhood and gives me peace to just sitting there. help me to forget about madness of city.
Taim Falafel is amazing.  Very Fresh.  Very Delicious.  Great portions.  Tasty iced teas & smoothies.  Only thing I wish is for the place to be bigger.  I always end up eating on the bench they have set up right outside the door.
Everything was so fresh here. Clean space and great service. Loved the falafels! (And everything else- the pita bread, tahini, hummus) Some places can make falafels a bit dry, but these were probably one of the best I've ever had! Perfectly crispy on the outside without the dryness on the inside. Great flavors going on in my mouth with each bite. The banana date lime smoothie was bomb . com and overall, their healthier smoothie/drink options got me excited because of how unique they were! Definitely an amazing, affordable option in the cute West Village area of NYC!
Total love for Taim Falafel for their great felafels and super fast delivery. I've only ordered delivery, never been to the actual place - but I am convinced their service is faster than if I was to walk down their and order! Order always arrives within about 20 mins. I love their harissa felafel, so crispy and delicious! They are on the small side, but taste good so I am still happy. I always order the felefal plate, which comes with felafel, hommus and 2 salads, pita.. If you order an extra pita this is enough to feed 2 people.  Their salads taste fresh and yummy too, and you can ask for alternative salads to the standard ones provided in the plate. All in all a great delivery option when you need a fast fix of food that still tastes fresh and healthy!
Great falafels. Delicious. 6.75 for sandwiches. Very healthy and tasty. Love the ginger mint lemonade as well. Great eat for the price. Cute little shop.
The mixed falafel plate was really tasty, and the za'atar-spiced pita made the falafel all the tastier to eat.  This is realllyyy good hummus, too.  The mixed falafel plate also came with Israeli salad (tomato, cucumber, and other tasty things) and tabbouleh.  Delicious!
Best falafels I have ever eaten! I don't even like falafels all that much, but man I could eat these all day. I got the falafel sampler which comes with all three of their flavors and each one was delicious.   My favorite was definitely the harissa falafel. I came here to grab a small snack while waiting for a table at Lombardi's. I almost contemplated not eating at Lombardis because the falafels were so amazing, I could've eaten 3 dozen like nobody's business. I had to shake myself and realize that one of the reasons I came to New York was for Lombardis. Now whenever I return to NYC, Taim will definitely be in the list of places I must eat at while visiting NYC baby!
Whether you're in the Middle-East or the East Coast, the falafel is a popular, inexpensive, and fulfilling food. There is no shortage of falafel places in New York, but unlike the "street meat" trucks on sidewalks and overrated mainstays like Mamoun's, Taim is rapidly distinguishing itself as the go-to falafel joint in NYC. Located on 222 Waverly Place (near Perry Street), Taim is in the heart of the West Village, which is always filled with a vibrant, hungry crowd of young people. As your near the storefront, it isn't out of the ordinary to see swarms of plaid shirts lounging around, devouring falafel sandwiches, platters, or slurping on one of Taim's heavenly smoothies. Taim itself is a tiny joint that surprisingly has about 5 seats along the window bar. You're always greeted with a smile, and reminded what kind of falafel balls you can order. There are three types of falafel balls foodies can choose from-"Green," "Red," and "Harissa." All are fantastic, and accompanied by the usual garnishes, including delicious homemade hummus. Also, you also have the choice between regular and whole wheat pita-both of which are homemade. Unlike most falafel eateries, at Taim, the falafel balls are made fresh when you order-or at the very least, minutes before you do. That's not the case at other joints, where your falafel balls are "mysteriously" ready before you even hand them the cash. Like most foodies, I'm willing to wait 5 minutes for freshness, as opposed to 30 seconds for mediocrity. For $5.50 (plus tax), it might not be as much of a value as the $2.50 falafel at Mamoun's, but then again, garbage on the sidewalk is free. Falafel Sandwich: $5.50 (plus tax) Note: if you're more of the sit down type, the owners of Taim have recently opened Balaboosta, a full-out Mediterranean restaurant. Contact: 222 Waverly Place (between 11th St & Perry St) (212) 691-1287 TaimFalafel.com
I wish there was an option for 6 stars, because this little joint deserves it! The falafels are always fresh and tasty. The hummus will make you drool and the tabouli salad is divine! Don't forget to grab their special teas while you're eating or on the go!
We were almost deterred by the line out the door of this tiny establishment but a regular convinced us that it was worth the wait, and man, was it ever.  The harissa falafel was delicious.  My girlfriend's sabich was delicious... and then I got smacked for stealing a bite of it.  The lemonade was a refreshing contrast.  I used to be leery of going to places and getting sandwiches 'with everything', but I highly recommend doing it here.  SO GOOD.  WANT MORE FALAFEL.
Great hummus, falafel, tabouli, etc but no seating sadly. Well there is some. like 5 sports? Despite being there at 3, there was somehow two large families eating. We ended up having to eat outside in the cold which diminished my enjoyment of the meal greatly because I was trying to race the food to getting cold and my hands were barely up to the task.
Taim is amaaaazing. I stuck with them even when they had a "Grade Pending" health grade - which is something I NEVER condone, ha! Seriously though... the falafel is awesome, the smoothies are great, and the sabich is unreal. My only complaint is they used to let me get a falafel pita and add some sabich to it (fried eggplant), and they wouldn't let me do that last time I came. Wah.
I usually try not to buy into the hype of the new "it" places but Taim really is off the hook good. I tried the plain jane green falafel sandwich and it was infinitely more satisfying than a box of chocolates this valentine's day. I would have liked a little more spice, but I didn't see any hot sauce lying around. I think most falafel falls short when they are dry, but Taim's are airy without being dry and the hummus just makes everything creamy. I would have never thought to add egg whites to a falafel sandwich but it sooooo worked.
The falafels here are delicious! I first heard about Taim from Bobby Flay's Throwdown. I forget who won but I think Bobby lost. And, I can see why. I ordered the falafel platter since I wanted to try all three of the different flavored falafel balls they had. They gave a good number of balls in the order and everything was very filling. I think my favorite was the Harissa flavor.
I could eat falafel and hummus on a daily basis, easily. This small shop is tucked away on a little side street and you would almost never know it's there unless someone told you or it popped up on Yelp. I ordered a whole wheat pita with falafel, hummus, green sauce and tahini. It disappeared very quickly. You can order platters, customize your sandwich how you please and finish things up with dessert. I was able to sit on the bench outside because it was nice out because the interior is wicked small. There's a counter by the window but not much else. When it gets cold out, I'm not sure where I would eat. Other than the size (which actually makes it more charming), I would definitely recommend eating here.
Nice balls. I like more veggies in my falafel sandwich, and the hummus overpowered the tahini, if there was any. But the falafel balls are yummy and small, making for better distribution throughout the pita. Nothing wrong with small balls if they taste good.
It was a long trip to get to this tiny little restaurant--one shuttle in San Francisco, a 5-hour plane ride, a shuttle in New York, a cross town bus, a 30-block walk and two stops on the A train (don't ask).  Was it worth it? (Long Pause). Absolutely. There wasn't much about the experience I couldn't describe as perfect, from the nice folks behind the counter making falafel and smoothies in an impossibly small little space the size of an average Manhattan hotel room, to the heavenly tastes and smells of Taim's great food. We had a Green (Parsley, Mint, Cilantro), and delicious strawberry and banana smoothie, on a warm, late Saturday afternoon (April 25, 2009). I could eat here every day if it didn't take an airplane, two shuttles, a train ride, cross-town bus and 30-block walk to get my late afternoon lunch.  I don't know...maybe its worth it.
I really liked my falafel there was nothing wrong with it.  But, I was kind of expecting the greatest falafel experience known to man - I've had better Israeli falafel at whatever places in Forest Hills -- and as for falafel in general, I like rainbow more.  Really good pita!  A bit pricey for what it is.
Guided by fellow yelpers who commented below - I went to this place tonight to try out the much discussed Falafel Sandwich'. The popularity of the place was pretty high, so there was a constantly stream of fresh falafels being prepared.  The place is also quite small, so chances are you'll be sitting outside or taking away. The price was pretty reasonable, so I went ahead and ordered two to get a variety of flavour - one Green, one Harissa.  There was definitely a distinction between the two in flavour - both were great. In fact, I probably over-ordered by going for the 2nd, I immediately felt sleepy after the 2nd one - albeit the happy, satiated food-coma type of sleepy. Will definitely visit again - thanks Yelpers for guiding me to this place.
Ok i will admit it.... i'm writing a review of a falafel restaurant and i did not get the falafel.   However, i decided to try something a little "lighter". I opted for the hummus sandwich.   Why?  Well it was only $5!  And it was way more "healthy" than some of the other options.    For $5 i got a pita (wheat or white) stuffed full of really creamy and delicious hummus.  Then i got to add two "salads" to it.   I got the israli salad with  all kinds of fresh tomatoes, cucumbers and onions.    Then on top of that i got to add tzaki sauce that was great!    This place was just awesome. Its a little small so plan to eat in a park or something, but it is definitely worth the visit!
We went to this place after seeing the owner on the Food Network twice. It was amazing! The place is a little hard to find with its unassuming exterior and location. Surely this place has the best falafel hands down. The harissa was my favorite but they were all good. The tabullah was wonderful. The smoothie was good too! It is hard to find a bad word to say about this place other than they do not take credit cards. I definitely will go there next time I am in town.
Had my first ever falafel (red) at Taim and every one I've ever tried after that has been a disappointment. Cucumber salad was great too! Also, if you're lactose free try indulge in their soy shakes!!
I want to cry because I just realized Taim is thousands of miles away from me. Everything about this joint is tiny except the servings. I only had the falafel sandwich (Harissa) which now, in retrospect, i achingly regret because I really should've had one of everything on the menu. After a five minute photo shoot of my puppy-sized sandwich, I ate it so fast I don't even remember what happened. I do remember the Tunisian spices from the falafel, the creamy hummus and tahini sauce making savory love, and the mess I was making on the pavement whilst practically sprinting to union square. Five stars for a great Taim in the city :-)
ReyRey:   Ummm HELLO 3 kinds of falafel balls! Which one will satisfy me? Falafel balls: We're brothers...we don't leave anyone behind! Don't be shy! We'll treat you right...we each are unique! ReyRey: WOW you come on a platter! Introduce me to your whole family, why don't you? Falafel balls: We roll out sitting on our mom, humous, our pops pita is warm and likes his head sprinkled with zatar.  He hold gifts of tabouli and salad for my ma. She rarely goes out without him. Our 3 sisters just make the whole thing pretty on the side to dress us well. :) ReyRey: You guys were all wonderful! Made me feel all fuzzy inside! ....OH! Your aunt wrapped up by your uncle was breathtaking, you gotta keep "Sabich" in check so she'll still be here next time I come along! @))@ ....until next time:)
Falafel is one of my favorite low budget, healthy foods that as a vegetarian I LOVE to eat. So when my friends invited me to grab one here, I gladly agreed and met them at this cute little, hole in the wall falafel place in the west village. It was a regular, get your food and maybe sit at the 3 stools they had sitting by the window, or outside. We were lucky enough to have gotten those seats, so that was not a problem. They had 3 different falafel flavors and even different pita choices. I settled on a sun dried tomato falafel on a whole wheat pita and a pomegranate iced tea to drink. The falafel was a bit different than everyone else made it, hopefully that's the case considering that's what gets the points for originality. The pita was thick, which was nice for holding the ingredients (lots of napkins still necessary!) and the tahini sauce was great. Overall, the falafel was well done, tasty, quick and not expensive. I think the pita is what made the sandwich really shine. Sometimes all you need is the right pita and some awesome company on a spring evening in NYC.
I'll probably find a better falafel somewhere else in NYC, but this is the best I've had so far.  Everything is made to order.  The pita is warm, soft and chewy.  I usually order the standard green falafel, but you can't go wrong with any of the choices.  I also order fries to go along with my falafel.  I just love the saffron aioli that you dip the fries in.  The place is small, so you probably have to eat outside or take it to go.
Best Falafel sandwich in NYC!!! Compare to Mamoun's Falafel, this falafel sandwich has better flavors than simply savoury at Mamoun. There's some sweet flavor and more texture with cucumbers and vegetables inside. This vegan spot can easily feel crowded since it's a hole in a wall joint. Hummus and babaganoush are other alternative delicious sandwiches as well. Although the hummus and babaganoush are more like cream, there's plentiful delicious vegetables and sauce inside.
Compliments to Taim Falafel & Smoothie Bar: 1. I've been here about ten times already and each time was just as satisfying as the first. Props for consistency. 2. Even my parents liked it when I brought them here! My mom was so impressed, she yelped all over the bay area to try and find a falafel place like Taim's, but she couldn't...there, there, mom. 3. Amazing sabich sandwiches. I don't know why they aren't as raved about. (Probably because Taim is known for their falafels...which are amazing too.) But seriously, if you're feeling adventurous, treat yourself to a rich and delicious sabich sandwich. Even if you don't like eggplant, trust me. If you buy it and hate it, track me down so I can eat the leftovers. 4. For the price, I'd rather pay for warm fluffy pita, moist and flavorful falafel, and lip-smacking sandwich than what Mamoun's has to offer for $2.50. 5. Taim is fun to say. Hehe.
Holy SHIT!  What just happened?  I woke up with tzatziki on my face.  Salty, creamy, crunchy, spicy kosher fast food to satisfy your soul.  What are you waiting for?  Go, go, go! *Note*- there is a constant line to order food (worth it), a few seats inside and a few benches outside (you may not get a seat), and you are highly likely to eat over your calorie limitation for the day.
wow (4.5 stars) at first glance, i thought this was going to be another overpriced bust - but the food was great!  i don't really consider myself as a person with an advanced palate where i can taste the difference between best and bestest... but i could taste what made these falafels and hummus (hummi?) was better than the rest only reason im not giving this place a 5 is it is a bit too small and gets crowded easily
Small, takeout falafel joint in West Village.  I had mixed falafel platter with the three types of falafel, Israeli salad, tabbouleh, and hummus.  Delicious and very filling.  My favorite falafel was the red one bc it had a spicy little kick to it.  Drank the ginger-mint lemonade based on review recommendations and it was delicious and refreshing.  Meal came to $17.
What more can I add to this sea of 5-star-reviews? I AGREE!!
The much better version of Mamoun's. The ingredients are much better quality. the food better executed (grease is not used as a crutch here) and the variety is better (different types of falafel, beautiful salads, etc). Also, the ambiance is better. Drunk NYU students may not know the difference, but if you actually care what you are eating, go here rather than Mamoun's.
who loves taim's?  ME, that's who! this little cute place has won my heart over - all in a matter of 30 minutes.  as i waited outside, i could smell the amazing mediterranean dishes being prepared.  it was just a tease!  finally, my friend arrived and we were on our way to taking a bite into a little bit of heaven.  we both ordered the sadwich sandwich (i think that's what iti's called)... yum!  the first bite was filled with all the great components-texture and taste.  i thought the egg would be a bit weird but it added that extra umph that made the sandwich over the top. i am heading over there for lunch tomorrow to try something else.  i am making a vow to try every item on the menu.
I am not usually one for falafel, but got damn! These were some really good falafels (is that what the little balls are called?)! I tried the green falafel sandwich and was immediately in love! The flavor was just right, and the size--the size of that sandwich was huge! It fed me twice in one day! haha Also, did I mention the fries?? Not only are they perfectly fried with just the right amount of salt, but they also come in the biggest plate ever (only for $4). I am used to a $12 meal being just okay, but this $12 meal (falafel sandwich with fries) was pretty amazing! I definitely recommend! (it's more of a to-go place, since there are limited seats)
Yelp FTW again! Picture this..it's a gross, cold, rainy day in NYC and you get a food craving. For my friend and I it was for Falafel. You don't know any falafel places close by and being that you have had some not so great falafels in your lifetime you want to make sure the place you trek to will be good before venturing out into the cold rain. So you use Yelp to help you find a falafel place nearby and you find Taim. A small place that's not that far (it's on an out of the way street but it's worth it to find it) that has great reviews on Yelp and pictures of amazing food. So you decide to go! Let me just say that the food at Taim was both worth the walk in the rain and totally amazing! Everything was so fresh and tasty. Let's start with the pita; hot, fresh and with a choice of whole wheat or white how can you go wrong! And then there is the falafel. I got the mixed platter so that I could try all three falafel flavors (green which is traditional, red with roasted red pepper, and harissa with tunisian spices) all three were delicious but I liked the traditional green the best. The hummus was super fresh and tasty and the Israeli salad was amazing! They also have a great selection of fresh drinks. The pomegranate iced tea was delish! I recommend this place especially since almost everything on the menu is vegan and even your meat eating friends will be stuffed.
I can't eat falafels from anywhere else since tasting them here. Great, cheap food & delicious drinks.
This place is on par with "L'as du Fallaffel" in Paris, France. This place was so good. The falafel balls were small bite size pieces which I love, the sauces inside were delicous and the Israeli salad was wonderful as well. Oh man, I loved this place! This is tied for number one falafel restaurant in the world!!
Notice the star rating of this place. As of June 1, 2014 this place has 4.5 stars from a total of nearly 1000 reviews. That is a lot of 5-star reviews! And they deserve every one of them. I did not know a falafel and pita sandwich could taste so good until I tried Taim's. Although their tabouli isn't as good as Mamoun's, they top out in every other way. Try the falafel platter so you can get a sample of all 3 of their delectable flavors. The only downside is that you'll have to make the sandwich yourself--the pita, falafel, and everything else is packed separately. For those who don't know how there are youtube videos that can show you how to make a proper falafel sandwich Their harissa sauce with Tunisian spices just about blew my mind, it has so much complexity! Sort of sour, salty and has a lovely celery scent that lingers on your lips after you have wolfed down your sandwich in 2 bites. I am a terrible food snob and a supertaster, so usually nothing is good enough for my palate, but the harissa really impressed. Their banana-date milkshake is fantastic and, from my travels, eclipsed only by the Blooberry smoothie at La Panthère Verte in Montreal.
Love this place, tend to go in the warmer weather months as there isnt much room inside. So we grab the food and try to find some seating on the benches outside, or bring it over to the river nearby...   Friendly staff, delicious different types of falafel with nice spicy  sauces on the side.  The warm spiced pitas are really nice 'comfort' food as well. I also love the different drink options, they make a mean chai, and the date/lime/banana shake reminds me of the land of milk and honey.... only downside is their success has made it a bit of a zoo at times, with lots of crowds, although they do a pretty good job of moving it along.
What more could be said about this place? I come here all the time because it is consistently exquisite. The falafel is nothing short of perfect! The best Israeli style I have ever had. And the fries, oh my.
I don't need to say anything with the 300+ reviews that are all stellar. Absolutely my favorite falafel EVER
This place is amazing for a quick lunch or dinner - vegetarian haven!  There is a reason they have an almost perfect Yelp rating.  Portions are huge, service is quick, great for take-out.   We had the 3 falafel platter and the sabiche platter (eggplant and egg) and both were phenomenal.  They come with a cucumber/tomato salad, huge helping of hummus and babaganoush (I think) and a side dish, so you can definitely get 2 meals out of this if you don't have a huge appetite.  The falafels are the best I've ever had.  The flavor is so intense, perfectly fried and they give them to you separately in a paper bag for take-out to keep them crispy. Whatever that yellow sauce is is meh, but the green spicy sauce is sooooooooooo good!!!  I need a bottle of that stuff.  LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Tasty selection of falafel, however it can get pretty crowded during lunch. Make sure to plan your break accordingly. : )
BEST FALAFEL I EVER HAD!! Absolutely delicious with all the ingredients beautifully laid out on a plate in front of you for you to assemble. Also comes with three yummy sauces. Cheap too!
i came here a couple weeks ago after seeing the Throwdown w/Bobby Flay episode where Taim is featured, and as I turned the corner I realized that I came here years ago. I got the sandwich & fries and what a treat. My wife got the falafel platter and she was ecstatic. the sauces that they give you are perfect. the fries come with this yellow sauce, and i wanted more so i asked for another helping. they informed me that it's $1 for another sauce. i was outraged, but my anger subsided when they informed me that the reason for the high price: there's saffron in it. i had nothing more to say and happily coughed up the dollar.
Literally the most delicious food. The sabich sandwich is to die for and totally messy. Cash only is a little irritating but probably for the best as it dissuades me from going every day.
Thank you YELP! Simply amazing! I went for a walk one night instead of ordering delivery and ventured over to Taim after seeing it as a "Hot on Yelp!" Oh my sweet sweet chick pea... I had the platter, the sample platter, I had to try it all. I initially ordered it to go, but I was corrected by the girl behind the counter as well as the others waiting for their food, "oh no, much better if you eat here." I sat down at the limited seating against the window and gave my taste buds a ride for their life! (Not to mention the plating is very nice as well). The journey started with the hummus...Previously I would have said, how different can hummus be from place to place. Puree'd chickpea. Oh but thank you for correcting me Taim. The hummus stood out. Top notch! Then I was hesitant to try tabbouleh, but with the top notch showing the hummus I figured I would give it a shot. Now here is a "salad" I never understood. I never understood it, because I never really had it. This was the shizzle my nizzle. I was hesitant to move on for the fear that the Falafel balls would not match the hummus and the tabbouleh. Three different variations, and three flavors that sent my taste buds on a wild ride! I mean I ride my senses haven't had since the last time Phish played NYE in Big Cypress. I cleaned my plate, said thank you to everyone behind the counter and when on my way enjoying the leftovers that I would find in my mouth on my walk home. A few days later I went back to try the smoothies, on par with everything else that they serve. As a perfect translation of the Hebrew word, Taim, this Taim is TASTY!!!!
ZOMG finger lickin' good! The secret (to me)? Toasted pita as opposed to a cold ass pita that's hard to bite. Ordered the green falafel sandwich and ginger mint lemonade (so spicy, so refreshing). I was in heaven, probably because I floated up after eating all that. You know how falafel has a way of maximizing after you scarfed down the entire sandwich before noticing so I was comatose at work after this "light" lunch. You will most likely have to wait a while for you order and eat it sitting on the curb, but who cares? It is delicious. Can't wait to go back and order a platter.
Great. I don't even like falafel and i would go back here in a second. The only problem is that it is very small. We got drinks at a nearby store, took our food to Washington sq park, and people watched.
'Taim' is Hebrew for tasty or delicious.  They sure got the name right,  because the food here is authentic Middle-Eastern, and it tastes really really good. The West Village outlet is a tiny hole in the wall, but very clean and efficient.  We ordered the classic falafel sandwich in whole wheat pita. It comes packed with fresh and crispy falafel balls, Israeli salad,  hummus and a tiny bowl of tahimi on the side.  All ingredients are super fresh (always a sign of roaring business and high menu turnover), and come together seamlessly for the perfect pick-me-up sandwich. We also tried the date raspberry banana smoothie.  Just the right consistency,  and not too sweet. Great pricing and respectable portions. Believe the Nolita outlet and their truck are just as good!! Must try if you like falafel. Can't wait to go back for the fried eggplant sandwich and those beautiful lush salads. Yayyyy!!!
They delivered to me faster than I could have walked to Mamoun's, stood on-line, and walked back to the law school. Still not sold? What if I told you that I opened up my warm foiled sammy to find: 8 spicy falafel balls, whole wheat pita, feta cheese, a Mediterranean no-mayo slaw, fresh hummus, two kinds of flavorful sauces, and fresh pickles... instead of stale pita, greasy-side-of-mediocre falafel and (maybe) a little hummus? 'Cuz I did, and it was delicious. FUN FACT: It takes 4-6 times as long to eat a Taim falafel as a Mamoun's one. Because Taim packs these babies to their bursting points.
Shame on you if you've given this place lower than a 4! You obviously came on an "off" day. Everyone has one of those. FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC. Seriously. Perfect, flavorful falafels that come in 3 different flavors. You can get them in a pita sandwich OR as a platter. Their fries with Saffron Aioli, YUMMMMM. Brown sugar ginger lemonades & Strawberry Basil smoothies. Need I say more? GO EAT THIS WOMAN'S FALAFELS NOW. She won Chopped for Christ's sake. Kicked 3 men's asses!
seriously maybe the best falafel ive ever had when i want falafel and pita sandwich, i dont wanna feel gross or heavy and guess what? with taim you dont! it's fresh and creative (three different falafel options, their egg and eggplant is good also) -- and uber delicious also try their brown sugar iced tea
I've lived a block or two from this place for the past four years, but I only got around to trying it two weeks ago. Their falafel sandwich is heavenly, and I regret all those years I walked by here and never stepped inside. Topped with their tahini, hot sauce, and a boiled egg, it was just such a great experience. I've only ever been to Taim while hungry and walking home from the gym, so that makes it extra special. I've only tried the harissa flavor, but I'm going to check out a different flavor next time. The biggest difference I notice with Taim is that a certain amount of care goes into their preparation. Their sandwiches always have enough falafel pieces, which are fried to order.  The items in the pita are composed so they're evenly distributed, and you never get too much or too little falafel or tahini or vegetables in one bite.
If you're searching for the perfect falafel, brave the walk into the West Village and grab some Taim. Within this tiny, shack of a store lie the richest, smoothest hummus, the most refreshing salads and last but certainly not least, the most delicious and perfectly cooked falafels in New York City. Feeling greedy, my boyfriend and I ordered a mixed fafafel platter and a sabich platter. Each component of our orders was incredible. The carrot salad, taboule and mixed salad were hearty in texture yet light in taste. The pita and hummus were good enough to eat as a meal on their own. The eggplant in our sabich was ethereal - a paper-thin layer of crisp skin enveloped the most buttery and richly flavorful vegetable I've ever had. And the falafel! While the green and red varieties were absolutely delicious in their own right, I completely fell in love with the harissa falafel. Smokey and complex, the flavor of the chickpeas was wonderfully complemented by the heat from the harissa. I also loved the textural contrasts within each tiny, fried ball. Unlike so many falafel places, Taim is able to create a product that is undeniably crunchy on the outside yet soft and tender on the inside. In retrospect, had I knew that the portions were going to be monstrous (the $12 price tag should have clued me in that I was getting a huge meal), I probably would have just shared one platter with my boyfriend. However, I'm very glad to have tried so many things at Taim. I cannot wait for the Nolita location to open so that I can have it more often! Yuhe's Suggestions: - If you are a normal human being with a normal appetite, please do not follow in my footsteps. Share a platter!   - Try the hummus on its own. This silky-smooth stuff deserves to be sampled in an unadulterated manner!
The falafel was good, the hummus was good, the fries were amazing. But the tabouleh had cilantro! I almost threw up. I gagged, people stared. I've had tabouleh in dozens of places in the US, in China (in restaurants run by people from Jordan and Afghanistan), even in the freakin' Middle East, and it's never had cilantro. Wikipedia, the Food Network, and About.com all agree that cilantro is not in the recipe. I know it's silly to get so upset about this. All the other food was great and I was all ready to give it five stars, but then.... that fateful bite.... /gag.
Heard about this place from you fellow yelpers, and did not leave disappointed. Very small shop that is cash only, but great sized falafel sandwiches with yummy fillings. Their hummus is light and creamy, very good. Try the brown sugar lemonade for a little different take on the traditional drink-a little better then white sugar, I think. The french fries are good too...one order is enough to feed two people. All in all, very glad I stopped in here, and I am craving some Harissa Falafel now....
I was visiting NYC and found out this place is in the top 100 restaurants in the City! So, I ventured away from the Sheraton in Times Square towards Taim in the West Village. It is pretty small, but definitely worth the trek and the lack of space. I got the hummus sandwich with quinoa salad and Moroccan carrots. SO GOOD. I also got the pomegranate-honey iced tea. I wish there was a Taim in San Francisco. I would definitely go every week, or several times a week. Delicious and nutritious!
Alright, that's it, I don't think you can make falafel taste any better than Taim's. I challenge anyone to recommend a better tasting falafel anywhere in NYC, if not worldwide, and I'm serious. When I go there I always order the mixed falafel platter, it's so good I just wasn't able to pick anything else yet. It comes with seven (!) falafel balls in 3 different flavors, fresh hummus, exquisite tabbouleh, tomato and cucumber salad, 3 different sauces, flat bread that by itself is worth going there, and last but not least a beautiful presentation. That's falafel for gourmets! This is the only "fast"-food place I've ever been were I intentionally slow down to savor every single bite of each ingredient and to stretch out the time I have to indulge in this explosion of flavor. This falafel might be more expensive than the next best one, but does it also put a smile on your face with each bite? I don't think so. When in New York, you have to experience Taim's, period.
Everyone seems to rave about this place, and while I think some of their food is solid, I've had much better middle eastern food elsewhere. Their falafel is their only redeeming quality. It's extremely light, airy, and crispy, and I especially enjoyed the green and harissa varieties. The red pepper flavor was a little too sweet and mild for me. And it's gluten-free to boot. I don't ever indulge in fried food because it doesn't make me feel great, but I acknowledge that taim makes very good falafel. Their sides, on the other hand, are extremely mediocre. The hummus is very much overpowered by the tahini, not allowing the integrity of the chickpeas to come through at all. The flavor is just "off." The moroccan carrots were nothing special, the israeli salad was pretty generic, and I wasn't a fan of any of the accompanying sauces. In my opinion, Hummus Place has WAY better sides, and their hummus is far superior. I think taim is extremely overrated, and wouldn't likely return.
I've been a loyal supporter of Mamoun's for 8 years but this year I have been slowly finding myself inching towards Taim. While the Taim truck is awesome, my visit to the store fully converted me. It's a very tiny space with just a few barstools so definitely plan to take this to go or to eat on a nearby doorstep. I got the green falafel sandwich and although they forgot to put on hot sauce, this was still the best falafel I have ever had. The falafel itself was perfectly fried and moist and packed in with salad and tahini. Definitely coming back to try the other flavors!
Was looking for a quick and easy dinner in West Village when I came across Taim.  The restaurant is more of a to go place - it only has about 6 seats inside and a couple benches outside.  I ordered a combo with all 3 kinds of falafel, hummus, Israeli salad, and tabbouleh.   Unlike a lot of Yelpers, I actually thought the green falafel was the best.  I did wish the tomatoes in the Israeli salad were a bit more fresh/ripe. I was also mad some self-centered mothers with strollers were hogging the benches outside and not even eating there.  Overall a good simple dinner place.
Taim is amazing!  They have 3 different kinds of falafel, which are all perfect in their own way.  Everything they serve, the hummus and the baba ganoush are creamy and subtle, everything is perfect.  The eggplant sandwich is beautiful.  The falafel sampler is ridiculously good.  Go there!  All they have for seating is two benches outside, which are probably taken right now, but the food's so good, it doesn't matter.  I'd sit inside a garbage can and eat taim.  Also, do yourself a favor and GET A SMOOTHIE.  I've had a few of their smoothies... they all nearly made my head explode with deliciousness.  The one that got me started is still my favorite:  Pear Mint Lemon.  The combination is so refreshing, I don't care about anything anymore. Peace!
Why does anyone like this place? It's a tiny, tiny hole-in-the-wall type place with a transparent sign painted on glass so it's really hard to miss. There's just about no seating inside and a lone bench outside. Staff are grumpy and surly. The extortionately priced mixed falafel platter came with pasty hummus, bland salads and over-fried, nuked falafel balls. The red balls looked and tasted the same, the green ones looked different but tasted the same as the 2 red kinds. So why even offer 3 kinds if they're all the same.   Nyc is not a town where falafel is hard to find. People should be able to tell the difference. Any street falafel would be better than this and would cost alot less.
I think falafel sandwiches should be tasty and fresh. The pitas at Taim certainly qualify as fresh, and to an extent tasty. But what I don't think they have is value. At $7 I expected something much more riveting than what I had. I've got just as good a sandwich for about half the price. I enjoyed my dish and left satisfied, but I'm not in a hurry to return.
Taim - the Hebrew word for "tasty" is a falafel restaurant located located in an insanely tiny shop in the West Village.  This is definitely a place to get take-out as there is not place to really eat inside the restaurant. There are 3 small stools and a small bar table to eat your falafel but you will be brushing up against your seat mate along with dealing with the crowd that this little restaurant attracts.   I came on a warm summer day with the idea of heading to Washington Square Park with my acquired purchase.  After much debate I ordered the Sabich, a pita sandwich made up of sliced fried eggplant with parsley, hummus, israeli salad, pickeled cabbage, and tahini.  The interesting mix of flavors was tasty but was not something I would order again.  I was pretty disappointed in the hummus as well - it was not a life changing mix of chickpeas.   I would definitely give Taim another chance when it comes to the Falafel Sandiwch but I definitely will not be rushing to the West Village to eat here again, especially when it is so cold out!
SUPER tiny place - fits about 6 people or so.  So come with a solo friend or take out. Got the sabich sandwich and it was very filling.  egg, humus, tahini, yummm.   Got the strawberry-raspberry-thai basil smoothie, which was only ok but the pear-mint-lemon one was nice and light.  very refreshing.  Everything was decently priced.  I'll be back to try some of the other stuff =)
Yummy and reasonably priced... GET THE BEETS, best beets I've ever had (and I have a lot of beets)!!!
Not enough breathing space in this place
Amazing falafel platter with 3 types of falafel, lots of hummus w/tahini, Israeli salad, tabouli salad, amba, and their special hot sauce, and a pita with zataar on it. All for only $13. Can't beat the value and taste
Taim means delicious in Hebrew, but by cheapass definition I was not sure if it would meet up to our standards. Over the past couple of months I have been reading many good things about this tiny little shop and so had to find out for myself if the rumors where true. I got the "Green" falafel, which is a traditional falafel with parsley, cilantro, mint and pickled cabbage - it was scrumptious. Each bite was perfect, a little bite of the fried falafel with tahini sauce, hummus accompanied by pickled cabbage nestled in homemade soft and fluffy pita bread was the most perfect falafel bite I've ever had. Well-worth the $5 price tag. The staff and owners couldn't be nicer; they are all so accommodating and helpful especially if you're new to Middle Eastern cuisine. Also all of their food is vegan except several items on the menu. 4 stars only because I am totally a cheapAss! but taste wise it is the best!
The place is good and this is coming from someone who lived in Israel for years. However, I think there are places in Queens that can rival this.
Not that this place needs another review, but thank you, Yelp, for letting me know about this place. I would not have found it without all these trusty reviews. It is so hard to find good falafel and hummus in the city, with so many places passing off greasy lumps of gooey batter for falafel. Taim is actually better than any falafel I had in Israel. Needs to expand to Brooklyn please!
Taïm serves up a great, and I mean great felafel sandwich. I met a friend here for a quick lunch last weekend and we sat outside and wolfed down our pitas. There was nowhere to sit indoors, but this is basically street food; Taïm also has a very popular truck. This is great to grab when you're on the go.
I went back to Taim last night and it was as delicious as ever! All of the falafel flavors are vibrant, the bread is soft but absorbent, and the sauces are incredible. The prices can't be beat either. It's very cramped inside, but grab a falafel and eat on the street.
This place has the best falafel I have ever eaten it is miles better than any other falafel in New York. I have only had the Harissa and that was great but can't wait to try the green. Their ginger lemonade was also great . I just came from a $300 meal at some new bogus uptown joint and all I can think about is how FABULOUS my $6.95 sandwich was at Taim. I love this place .
Taim's offers the most authentic and beautifully made falafels in town. They're located in a small shop with counter-top sitting. I had the green falafel, and it tasted AMAZING!!! This is a must try. I'm a fan of falafels, and thought I knew what they tasted like. This place blew my taste receptors right off my tongue. 5 stars!!!
Yum. A million options mostly vegan which is amazing Cute and there are places to sit Also got a smoothie - delicious Fast service I'll be back!!
Believe the hype, this quaint little place is inexpensive and amazingly tasty, highly recommend!
Really amazing food. Went there because of all the great reviews and it didn't disappoint. Will definitely go again. The ginger-mint lemonade was amazing too.
These unbelievably delicious falafel are equally matched by their above average price ($5.75 a sandwich).  I saw this place on Throwdown with Bobby Flay and had to try it myself to compare with the Mamouns, a NYC favorite.  Texture wise, great flavor in the green and the harissa versions.   They had the right balance of crisyp and moistness.  Space-wise, the place is tiny!  Talk about money per square foot!  You know that the ingredients are reasonably fresh, they have no place to put the provisions!  If you have an extra $6 bucks to spend and want to try delicious falafel, head to Taim.
This place is hidden and very small. I always see this place pop up as one of the top places on yelp. So since I was close by I had to try it for myself... most falafel places taste very similar to me, but excuse me I was so wrong. This is by far the best I have had. I had the falafel sandwich with regular green sauce. Mmmm mmm Mmm... just very fresh and tasty with a bit of a crunch.
If falafel places were people, Taim would be the sophisticated yet hipstery younger brother of Mamouns. They're modern, smaller, can be just as busy if not busier. It's a vegetarian place so sadly no meat but you were probably coming here for falafel or one of their many smoothies or juices anyway. To my surprise they actually make 3 different types of falafel. The regular green one, a red one with red peppers (not spicy), and harissa (a slightly spicy one with tunisian spices). I just ordered a side sampling of falafel that came with 2 of each ($4). The value wasn't the greatest as the 6 falafel balls were tiny (about the diameter of a quarter) but what they lacked in size and price they made up for in freshness and flavor. The very hot and crispy outside opened up to a well seasoned moist interior. The homemade side of tahini sauce was a great creamy accompaniment, especially for the spicer harissa falafel. I didn't care for tasting red peppers in falafel so I wouldn't get the red ones again but the regular and harissa were very good. Even though there's only a bench outside and a bar with 5 stool inside the place is in a beautiful neighborhood so that's always a plus. I'm not really a fan of most of the middle eastern spreads and salads so this place would only serve as a snack spot (unless I spent $12-16 on just falafel balls) but I still enjoyed the food. If you're into fresh fruit smoothies or falafel I highly doubt you wouldn't enjoy Taim.
Hands down the best falafel I've ever had. It really takes it all to a new level. We used them to cater an event at our house and everyone raved about the food. The baklava was also at a level that is impossible to find. It wasn't just sheets of filo dough - it was mainly nuts and spices and not overly sweet. Delicious.
This place has the BEST falafel so far!  comapred to some place i went to on "St Marks"!  Dont forget about the smoothie!  Pear, Lime and mint?  Sounds like a freakin weird combination.. but it was hella good!  So was my falafel sandwich with harrisa?  No idea what i ate but it was EFFING DELICIOUS!
Taim is one of the best falafel places that I ever been to. The falafel sandwich and mixed patter that I ordered was out of this world.   The sandwich cost about $6 and the platter was $12. I had the sandwich with the red peppers and the peppers were diced into very small pieces- wish they added more. The falafels were crisped and the inside is just delicious. The white sauce was also delicious. It also had Israeli Salad in it. The mixed platter had about 9 falafel balls, hummus, Tabouli Salad, Israeli Salad, and whole wheat pita bread. It came with two sauce- an orange color sauce- lemon curd and a green sauce with oil in it- it was spicy : ) I really like this place and there is always a line outside. I highly recommend this place. It is small and there are a few stools to sit on. It looks clean and staffs are prompt. Not friendly but they are efficient with what they do.
Heaven in a pita! This place doesn't need a lengthy review- JUST GO! They have the best S'rug in the city and the smoothies are to-die-for (try the date, lime, banana)! Their harissa f-balls are my favorite, but the cilantro/mint are delicious as well. Honestly, there isn't a single disappointing order to make here. you're thirst, try their homemade ginger-mint-lemonade, you won't be sorry.
Best falafel I've had.  Best carrots, too. I really like the red pepper falafel.  Everything about this place is top-notch.   For vegans out there, everything is marked appropriately.  A nice touch. You will pay more for these falafels, but they are worth it.
Taim is the real deal.  It's easy to tell that the ingredients are of much higher quality than most other falafel places in the city.  The large menu is definitely a plus, though I've almost always gotten the falafel sandwich.  The place has a great, upbeat vibe, even if it is very small.  There's really no reason to get falafel any other place if you're in the area.  There's no contest.
Very few times in life you come across a gem of a place like this. I lived in the middle east for a few years and got hooked on to falafel sandwiches. So I crave them once in a while. There's no better place than taim to get it from. Period.
Pretty good falafel sandwiches and drinks. The falafels were really crispy and well made. I really enjoyed the eggplant and pepper toppings I had in my sandwich. The flavors were rich and everything had that mediterranean fresh feeling to it. I wish they had more seating space, but it's a great quick affordable shack.
Wow, the food here is absolutely delicious. Having just arrived from Chicago, I decided to catch the subway from Midtown down to this West Village spot for a tasty vegan meal. I was not disappointed. I started off with a falafel sandwich on whole wheat pita. The falafel is prepared three different ways: traditional, harissa (slightly spicy), and with roasted red pepper. I had the harissa and it was flavorful, not overly fried, and fresh tasting. The pita comes stuffed with a wonderful green cabbage slaw, tahini, hummus, isreali salad. You can get a great spicy sauce on top, along with other toppings for a fee. I had the sauce on the side and it was right on the money. So good. I also had a ginger mint lemonade. It was cool, refreshing, not too sweet, and a great accompaniment to the falafel. I was still hungry and thought I would try a more traditional falafel. The cashier asked if it was my first time dining there, and when I said yes, he suggested I have the sabich sandwich, a fried eggplant sandwich. He remembered me asking if the falafel and its toppings was vegan, so suggested I get the sandwich without egg. I told him I am not a fan of eggplant, but he looked me in the eye and said "you will love this sandwich, friend". Oh boy did I. It was better than the falafel.  You must try this sandwich! The eggplant is not mushy and the skin is not tough. I could see (taste) how this sandwich would really work with the organic hard boiled egg that usually comes with it, but it still was delicious on the white pita with the other fresh accompaniments, including a fabulous chutney. The next night (YES, I went back), the cooks remembered me and I had a salad plate with beets, carrots, more green cabbage, spicy peppers, hummus, and seasoned pita before having another harissa falafel, this time on traditional white pita (better on the traditional, but the whole wheat is popular as they were out of it and EVERYONE asked for it that night). I also tried a smoothie (date, lime, and banana) prepared with soy milk that was not too sweet and refreshing. I frequently visit NY on business and this restaurant will be on my list of places to always dine at when I'm here. It's small, with only counter seating around the window and some benches outside. Oh, and cash only. Banks and ATMs are close by in case you forget. Highly recommended.
Looking for falafel in the West Village area? Look no further! Taim is THE (tiny) place for falafel - I recommend take out because there are literally 5 seats. I've started frequenting this cute lil' spot for lunch and LOOOOVEEEE their falafel sandwiches, platters and salads. My routine is now a harissa falafel sandwich (harissa being one of the three choices of type of falafel sandwich - the other two being green, with cilantro and mint, and red with non-spicy red peppers). I add some hot sauce to the order (free of charge) and am good to go!  I've never tried their drinks, but they look delish!
My husband and I had late lunch on a rainy day and overall, we enjoyed our time there - the food was very fresh (made of fresh ingredients) and flavorful. My husband is a big meat-eater but even admitted this place was worth trying out! ^^ Definitely recommend to check out the food when you're in the neighborhood of West Village. Ambience (4/5): Clean, very crowded (expected a long line given the great reviews but managed to get seats in the corner) [agree with others about take-out options, in the cold weather Service (4.5/5): Staff was well-informed and very friendly, as I asked for recommendations! Food (4.5/5): Nice portion (good value for $). We ordered Mixed Falafel Platter to share. As in the menu, 3 falafel flavor was great (each had it's own uniqueness to it) and great with assortment of sauces. My favorite, of course, was the green falafels (like the mix of parsley, cilantro and mint) with the tahini sauce. It had the right crunchiness to it and well blended with the sauces.
The Yelp hype is warranted.  The falafel here - whether it be the traditional green, red pepper, or harissa - are bon-bon sized pellets of flavor that are the best I've had in NYC. The mixed platters come with 8 or 9 and are accompanied by very good hummus, great tabouli salad (a mix of parsley, mint, onions, tomatoes), solid Israeli salad (tomato and cucumber), and great fluffy pita that's similar in style to Hummus Place but the spices used (rosemary?) remind me of foccacia. For $10, this is a few bucks more than EV standouts Cafe Rakka and Mamoun's but it's worth it. Limited seating - more designed for takeout or off-hours dine-in. Taim definitely lives up to its Hebrew translation (delicous)...
Love love love Taim!  The falafel here is really first rate and in my opinion, the best in the city.  Yes, it can often get crowded and seating is at a premium.  However but if you have time for a nice lunch outside, Taim is the place to go.   I always get the Harissa falafel in a pita and I find a nice spot in the West Village to eat outside, relax and enjoy life in New York.
The best Falafel place I have ever eaten at! It is pretty much order and take out, there are a few chairs but it is always busy. Anyway I love this place!
Fantastic.  Believe the hype. Best falafel in NYC. I've had them all. Maoz is a pale comparison. At Taim, with the exception of the red pepper version (way too sweet), they're all delicious - savory, expertly fried, with a crusty shell and still-moist interior. Specials are worthwhile too: calamata olives, for instance. Have it with everything, including extra pickles. Chumus is nice; techina is outstanding. The skhug is a bit too hot to be enjoyable, but the mango sauce is out of this world.  Get a platter for maximum pleasure.  Extra $ for a second pita, which is unfortunate. (Don't bother with the  sabich, which is soggy and sad. Blah.) Skip the lemonade and iced tea, which are way overpriced. Go early, or be ready for a line. But really great.
Falafel... I have found your king.   With 3 flavor offerings, Taim puts up some insane falafel.  Moist, crisp, flavorful.  For $10, the falafel plate is an amazing deal to see what they hae to offer, but it's better to just maybe get 3 orders of falafel for the same price. The falafel plate comes with some of the best pita around, grilled and seasoned.  Harissa falafel has a perfect light punch.  Original has a delightful salty herbiness.  Red pepper is mellow and has a slight sweetness.   Apart from the falafel and pita, the rest of the plate isn't really on the same level.  Eggplant-tomato salad is slightly sweet and moist.  Tabbouleh is a bit lacking in punch and flavor.  Hummus is pretty ordinary, as is the baba ganouj.  Both have blandish flavors and a plain texture. Though most things here came off as alright, the falafel makes it way worth it.
Pricey for Falafel, but completely worth it.  Honestly, all the food here is excellent, including the drinks!  The falafel is authentic and the best I've ever had, and the french fries are some of the best I've ever had (they come with saffron aioli which is very tasty, though unnecessary).  The sides are healthy and delicious -- all of them!  I usually get the cucumber salad, the cabbage, the beets, or the tabouleh.   If it's your first time, try the sampler plate with fries and ginger-mint lemonade.  The place is very popular, gets very busy, and is tiny.  It has a small bar against the window that fits 4 or 5 crammed-in stools, with a few benches outside for warm weather, so plan on taking out (or ordering if you live in the West/Greenwich Village area).
Before trying this place, I never had falafels before, but hey, if Bobby Flay liked this place, it couldn't be that bad right? And it wasn't! I had the red pepper falafel platter and it was delicious! Too bad it wasn't as spicy as I hoped, perhaps I'll try asking for hot sauce on the side next time. This place is a bit small, I'm assuming it's not much of a dine-in place, but they do have a bar top to eat on. Taim's is a must-try!
Five stars for the date-lime-banana smoothie, which is worth walking 80 north-south blocks for. I've done this a few times and am overjoyed each time to see Taim's storefront.
I am admittedly new to New York City, but I am by no means new to falafel.  I have enjoyed falafel platters as much as an Irish Catholic boy can for years and would consider myself to be initiated in the amazing world that is crushed-and-fried chickpeas. I cannot give enough good praise of this restaurant.  The Israeli owner couple, Stefan and Einat, are friendly and always aiming to please.  They know they're far and away the best falafel, but use this knowledge to make their customers happy, not inflate their egos (a rarity in the West Village).  While the staple falafel platters are good on their own (served with fresh Israeli salads and an assortment of three dipping sauces, including tahini), the true magic of this place comes from the inventive falafel ball specials that rotate daily.  I've tried red pepper, black olive, and pesto falafels, and each is incredible.  A hearty portion of amazing food for $10 in this area of the city should make you weep with joy. I also can't forget to give props to the smoothies.  I've admittedly never been much of a Jamba Juice guy, but these people have the whole blended drink art down cold.  Try the banana-date smoothie or the strawberry-raspberry-Thai basil. Trust me: take a friend and go.  You won't regret it.
Place is veryyyyyy small & cramped. Minus one star!! The harissa falafel on the other hand was out of this world. Plus six star!! Best falafel I've had so far :)
Can't say I've ever had a smoothie here, but I have had the falafel plenty of times.  I usually get the harissa falafel with plenty of the hot sauce.  Their hummus is delicious, and their Israeli salad is spot on.  Their pita bread is hot and crispy, yet deliciously chewy.   This is the best falafel outside of Ben Yehuda Street.
This place is a pleasant find but if it's a hot summer day, it'll be uncomfortable to sit inside because the A/C doesn't work so well so try to find a park or an apartment nearby where you can enjoy Taim's wonderful food. I had falafel & hummus and it was great! There were both green and red falafels which was a nice surprise and change given most falafels are green (and yes the red ones had a different flavor). I also had a banana & date shake with lime and I couldn't taste the lime, the banana was potent, and there was just enough dates to taste them. I would have preferred to have more dates but that's just my own personal preference. All in all, it was very good.
Thank God for this place! When you want something tasty, quick, healthy and affordable in Greenwich/West Village, this is the place to go.  My friends and I would order the falafel and take it to Washington Square Park (not really a good idea now) and devour it in a matter of minutes while people watching. Though I love anything spicy, the green falafel was most satisfying partly because of the mint taste.  Complete with the special zing in the Israeli salad, you are in for a delicious, memorable treat.  Larger than Mamoun's size and full of fresh ingredients, the $6 is worth every dime.   If you happen to be thirsty for something refreshing, try their ginger lemonade-- it's not too sweet, not too sour but just right.
Hands down the BEST falafel in NYC!   The hot sauce is the cherry on top - spicy garlicky oily heavenly I usually get a side of babaghanoush and eggplant salad to go as they are equally delicious
Delish! My husband wanted to try this place because he heard about it in TONY, and we've been back multiple times - I order the harissa sandwich, he(afraid of spice) orders the mild green falafel...the thing I love about their sandwiches beyond the taste is the fact that it is NOT loaded with onions! Their salads are very tasty, and there's nothing better than grabbing a sandwich and heading over to Washington Sq park to eat and people-watch - makes for a great Saturday afternoon...their ginger lemonade is great too! Definitely recommended...
I can't really say much about this place that hasn't been said already. The falafels are good. I had the mixed falafel platter which comes with 3 different kinds - harissa, red pepper and regular. The regular (green) falafels that are made with parsley, cilantro and mint were my favorite but I liked the other ones too. They had a crunchy exterior and a soft interior with plenty of flavor. I liked 2 of the 3 sauces - the green spicy sauce and the tahini sauce.  Didn't care for the 3rd one so much. The two salads - Isreali and tabouli tasted fresh while the hummus had the right amount of tahini. The pita was very decent also. I washed the food down with a lime, banana & date smoothie which was pretty good but the banana was the dominant flavor - rather than an equal mix of all 3. This place is tiny and more than 5 people becomes extremely difficult to manage. Take out or delivery would be the way to go but if you're dining solo or come here with another person and are lucky enough to find a spot then it's not a bad place for a quick, cheap meal.
Harissa. Red. Green. The 3 types of falafel they have... In my order of favorites. However, I think you'll be pleased with any of them!--they are all very tasty. Täim is by far my FAVORITE and my vote for THE BEST falafel in the city. The falafel themselves aren't too dry, aren't too greasy and packed with spices and great flavor. When they stuff it into the pita with the hummus and Israeli salad, you've got 1 damn good sandwich. It's stuffed to perfection and very filling (but not too filling). If you're with a friend, definitely try their fries (a perfect sharing portion) with the saffron alioli, and wash everything down with a brown sugar lemonade. You won't be disappointed. Täim itself is a very tiny space. They have counters where you can eat and a bench in the front, but they're hot commodities, especially with the after work crowd. It's all about patience and timing if you wanna sit. All in all... tiny space, but HUGE flavor. I'm totally glad I don't live or work near here, otherwise I'd be so broke!
I spent lunchtime this past Friday curled up like a cat in one of the tiny seats by the window at Taim and I can't think of any place better for a solo repast. Yes, it's a snug little spot that takes only cash but it's also falafel heaven! The three falafel platter is AWESOME. I have considered other items on the menu but I'd hate to miss any of the delicious variety this dish offers. The three flavors are: green, harrissa and red. Not sure of the specific differences between them but the red is slightly sweet and the green seems to have a lot of parsley in it. They are all delicious. But wait, there's more! The fried balls of happiness come on a generous portion of tasty hummus accompanied by tabbouleh and Israeli salad AND a gorgeous home made pita. Yes, it's too much food but you can take the left overs home and enjoy the whole thing all over again. Although if you're eating at my place you forgo the window seat...
WOW!! This place is amazing!!! The best falafel in town!!! If you like middle eastern food you cant pass this up!!!
Hands down my favorite vegetarian spot. Mixed falafel platter is too much for a girl, but too good not to finish.
Food crawl stop #9 Ordered harissa falafel sandwich on white pita. The first bite was confusing. The tahini was incredibly salty. Husband and I both looked at eachother like, huh?????? I kept thinking, No! BUT! Yelp said! Wait! What? 2nd bite was a little better, perhaps bc I got a good hunk of the harissa falafel, which was spicy and tasty. Towards the bottom of the sandwich, I found cabbage, cucumbers and onions and it was only then that the whole experience turned around for us. All together, it was a damn good falafel sandwich. But from the rave reviews of this place, I should'nt have to eat 3/4 of the sandwich for me to like it. That should happen at the first bite, no? At MOST the second bite. I give it 3 stars bc I left the place really liking what happened upon leaving. At least it wasn't the other way around. If I ate the sandwich upside down, I would definitely give it 1 star. Lucky for Taim, I ate it rightside up. Tiny but clean place. Not super friendly, but not miserable either.
I first heard of Taim as the first place winner of Serious Eats' summer post for "The Best Falafel in NYC." I never had a falafel in my life until I moved to the city four years ago, and I would venture to say that I am still not too well-versed in the delicate chickpea and crispy outside balance. However, as someone who was not terribly impressed with Mamoun's (the prices being separate from this criteria), I must say that the regular green falafel on whole wheat pita is fantastic. And their ginger mint lemonades! The only downside is the actual physical place of the establishment and that each order should be about a dollar or so cheaper. Would be 4 stars, but listen to this magical story: I dragged one of my good friends here over the summer; we legit hiked from LES to Taim post-dinner so I could get falafels. He wasn't too dazzled, as he gets annoyed by any establishment that is cash only. But, during recruitment this semester, he got third round at Barclay's, and his top-exec interviewer was a self-declared foodie and vegetarian. My friend name-dropped Taim, and then apparently talked intelligently and charmingly about falafels for 30 minutes? Needless to say, I claim credit for his full-time offer. Taim = remedy for the down economy.
Let me be the millionth person to give this place a perfect rating. Sabich sandwich with pickles.. first bite blew my mind.  It was like: how can something so simple be so much better tasting here than anywhere else?  Shockingly good.  Chai tea to go with it on a freezing day - I'm addicted.  Crowds seem to come in waves.  Didn't order any of the platters myself, but spied other people doing so and they looked lovely.
Went here today for some lunch to go and I must say it was well worth going out of my way to get here (it's in the cut) I had a sabich sandwich, which is similar to a falafel sandwich but with eggplant. It was delicious. Speedy preparation + nice quiet block with bench out front to eat outside...I'll definitely be back for more.
If there were 6 stars, Taiim would get 7. I. love. this. place. As Middle Eastern food is probably my favorite cuisine, I generally haven't met a piece of falafel I didn't like. But here? Here is falafel heaven. 3 different kinds, all fried to perfection yet still soft inside. The fatoush salad is always fresh, pita bread warm and hummous melt-in-your mouth. And if you like spicy, you will get it here - one of the falafel flavors is really spicy (I think it is the red? maybe the yellow?) and there is a spicy garnish of some sort that really kicks it up, so use sparingly unless you can handle it. Mamoun's has NOTHING on this place (well, maybe the price: the falafel platter with fatoush, pita and hummous is $10 even here, a falafel sandwich there only $3.50 - but you get your money's worth here with more food, so we're comparing figs and dates). By the way, you might not want to plan to sit here - it is pretty cramped and only has a small bar that sits about 4 people. In summer it is fine, and you can sit outside on the bench or on a nearby stoop, but in winter I'd recommend takeout. Also, this place is cash only. Taiim lives up to its name (tasty in Hebrew), so eat here. Frequently. That is all.
Light, fluffy and perfectly fried falafel.  Had the platter with all three varieties and they were all delicious.  Sauces were interesting and fries were outstanding too. Having tried Taim's falafel I am inspired to recreate these at home.  No more dense falafel out of the box.
This is seriously the best falafel I've had in memory. Worth a detour.
During the season of Lent, Jon and I needed somewhere that we could eat good, cheap, and fast with our new diet restrictions for the season. I love a good steak as much as the next girl... but hey I look at lent as a season of challenges and also to see how creative I can get with eating out at restaurants. I have never ever in my life tried falafel before I came to Taim and have heard many friends rave about how delicious falafel is. Well, I finally tried first hand what the craze is and I can't believe I've been missing out for so long! Everything at Taim is fresh, light, and delicious! The falafel here has an amazing crispy texture and is surprisingly flavorful. I was actually very surprised with how much I enjoyed trying falafel and i have Taim to thank for that. When I'm looking for something light, filling and healthy to eat while I'm in the area, Taim's falafels definitely come to mind. This is a nice casual, quick place to grab a bite. The only downside from Taim is that the restaurant is very tiny and there is not a lot of bar stool seating.
Like Axel Rose once sang, 'all you need is a little patience' (i've been on an big hair/power rock ballads kick lately)...that's what you need at Taim, but in boatloads during the weekends.  This hot little closet of a place is jumping, has only 4 crappy stools and a bench outside (what happens in winter?) and what looks like a galley kitchen to cook the most lovely falafels ever.   I was weaned on Mamoun's when I lived in NYC, so they are my falafel standard.  I love that there are 3 kinds of falafel and the pita is fresh and flavorful.  There were three of us and I made like a den mother/waitress as I took the two boys' orders, made them wait outside and went to elbow my way to the counter. Because of yelp (thank you), i knew they didn't take credit cards (hence the subtraction of a star; we're in new york, not nebraska!) so I had a fistful of cash ready.  Because of wonderful, in-the-know friends, I knew to order the strawberry-thai basil smoothie and the fries with saffron aioli sauce. Because I think the west village is like the bermuda triangle, we headed to washington square and sat at a chess table and enhaled the goodness...
These falafels are worth walking from the Lower East Side of Manhattan to get!!! The flavor, texture, and crunch are devine! Even my kids love them! Note: The space is the size of a small walk in closet. Don't expect to get your hands or rear onto one of a handful of bar stools. If you go at prime time, the line can be out the door. Don't worry! It's worth it!!!  Cash Only...
This is no ordinary falafel place. While their prices reflect their quality, (~5.75) I do think it taste alot better than the Halal food truck or Mamoun)
This one lives up to the hype. It's truly the best in the city. I wish the place was bigger!
Smoothie:  Decent flavor, watery. Falafel:  Best I've had, anywhere. Price is right, staff is friendly.
I love the Harissa falafel. I want to have its babies. I'm gonna go as far as to say that Taim has the best Falafel in the city- and I've been a lot of places. The flavor of the sandwich, the hot sauce, the whole wheat pita, it's just a blessing. I will go out of my way to this tiny spot in the West Village. There's rarely any place to sit, so don't plan on staying. just grab your falafel, maybe a little hummus and a small cup of chai and go eat in bliss.
It's true. This is the best falafel in NYC, and the sandwich is absolutely out of this world! I would highly recommend trying all different falafel types. One of the distinguishing features of the sandwich is the pita itself. It is so soft, which is very rare in a typical falafel sandwich anywhere else in New York. They mix the ingredients well, placing half the falafel at the top and half at the bottom. There is a cole slaw type salad within, tahini sauce, and I believe some other vegetable based toppings. If I lived in the West Village, I would definitely go here every single week.
My girlfriend and I had always been in the area but never bothered to stop by and try it.  Every time we pass by its usually packed.  One day we decided to go in and boy did we love it.  We shared the falafel sandwich which filled both my girlfriend and I.  Delicious.  I wanted to try the rice platter but it is a bit on the pricey side.
You got a problem with eating your food too fast?  Feel like maybe you'd like to slow down, but you just don't know how?? Come to Taim and order a falafal sandwich. When you peer into your perfectly assembled, flavorful meal...you will feel the world speed up around you as you sloooooow down and take a moment to inhale the aromas that will bring you to nod to yourself "Now thats a good looking falafal" (never thought that sentence would happen did ya?!?!) and your stomach will grumble out loud with a "Feed Me!" which you concur is a stupendous idea. So then it begins... each delectable bite contains Falafal, Israeli Salad, Hummus and tahini and sends you to Flavortown.  The pillowy pita manages to stay in tact down throughout the whole experience, even though falafals keep popping up all the way to the very bottom.  You don't want this to end so you take your time, savor each morsel until eventually, finally... its time to go. It's time to return back out into that crazy world where things aren't always as beautiful or satisfying as a Taim's falafal sandwich, but you can always come back for a visit, just know one thing - you may have to wait around 30 minutes because you aren't the only one who has love for Taim, but trust me, its worth every second. And besides...whats the rush?
It's a fine place, but I've eaten here 4 times and haven't figured out what everyone is raving about. It's a fine falafel, very good hummus, and AWFUL soggy flavorless fries (with amazing aioli). And for all that (including extra for kalamata olives and feta cheese), it ends up costing me ~$19. I've given it a few chances, and I don't think I'll be giving it more. Too many other great falafel places to check out.
I would hands down give Taim five-stars. We saw them featured on Throwdown with Bobby Flay and knew we had to go and try it out next time we were in NY. In December on our last trip, we made a point to get there twice. We've had great falafel in Israel and most of what we get here in the States is mediocre but Taim is amazing. I'd also recommend getting the date and banana smoothie. Yum! Can't wait to go again in June!
I would eat here weekly if I could. We always get two platters - one falafel and one mediterranean, which is quite a lot of food. The veggies and salads that you get as sides are delicious and the falafel are always perfectly cooked. I love the za'atar pita and yummy sauces as well. And I always feel healthy after eating here. This is my favorite place to get falafel in the city.
I love Taim! Not the best pita, but a delicious falafel--the best I've had.  A lot of people have Mamouns as their go-to falafel place, but they obviously haven't tried Taim. The tabouli is great, and the hummus is a fresh as hummus can be in NYC.  I think they make it in house!
I had the falafel platter-- I truly, honestly think this is the best falafel/ hummus/ tahini/ pita combination you can ever get in NYC. Really. Try it. You're welcome.
Amazing.
Oh my yum! Talk about deep-fried chickpea goodness. I used to dislike falafels until Taim changed my mind, because theirs are perfectly crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and flavorful throughout - none of the mushy/overly fried bits in typical halal cart fare. I've been here several times, and I always get the harissa falafel sandwich with everything on it. The "spicy" in the harissa description is a mere tingle on the tongue, but that tingle really sets it apart from the green (standard) & red. For the indecisive, have no fear - you can get a appetizer trio to try all 3. Their hummus & tahini, generously slathered in the pita sammies, is almost as good as that of The Hummus Place (that's saying a lot as that restaurant actually specializes in hummus) - creamy, thick, and fluffy. They also have a whole wheat pita option. Now, I have to talk about their SMOOTHIES. It's a tad pricey for a pop, but I can't get over how refreshing and delicious the pear-mint-lemon smoothie is. The lovely pear dominates the profile, and it's not overly minty, with just enough lemon to give it a tang. The strawberry-raspberry-Thai basil is also really fresh-tasting (and prettier in color hehehe sorry can't help it). Whenever I get my falafels & a smoothie, I feel that I can almost believeably convince myself that I just had a healthy, meat-free, nutritious meal (albeit super stuffed, in a good way, and overlooking that falafels are FRIED).
Cash only AWESOME falafel! Small shop so it's best to get your items to go. They had a poster up with suggestions for a nearby park to sit and enjoy your food. The falafel sandwich was so flavorful and they give you plenty so you feel like you got your money's worth. I couldn't even finish the whole thing! We also got the fries with truffle mayo...good but I'm more of a ketchup kind of girl. Can't wait to go back during the summer time and try to smoothies!
Really great falafels and choice of three different sauces to go with those! Not much seating available but the prices are super reasonable for the quality and portions of platters. They sell their harissa sauce jar too. Nice area to walk around as well!
Great Falafel. For the price I'd take Mamoun's (just south of Washington Square on MacDougal), but this is damn good falafel. Mamoun's falafel sandwich costs $2.50, but the one at Tiam costs $6 or so. (but it is bigger) I personally don't think smoothies mix very well with the falafel, but that's just me. I do like this place very much but live inbetween Mamoun's and Taim and I find myself constantly walking to WSP to buy from Mamouns. Very cute shop, long lines.
Taim is a really small place that delivers big on the goods. Everything here is vegetarian, fyi. They have three kinds of falafel, a bunch of salads and platters. I got the red falafel sandwich, which is mixed with red peppers. It wasn't spicy or anything, but it was pretty darn tasty. The entire construction was very fresh and just seemed like a wholesome handful of food. I also had some of their fries, which was a pretty large portion for four bucks, and the saffron aioli dip went pretty well with it.
A++++++ Wonderful food, great service,  a pleasure!
Great fresh falafel.. its a small joint with big flavours.. their harissa falafel is top notch and the 3 dipping sauces take it to the nect level.. surprisingly clean, quick and satisfying.. try their coconut n pineapple smoothie too..
Shoebox storefront offering an array of falafel and related Mediterranean eats. I had the harissa falafel (they have 3 kinds) sandwich with 'everything' - while the falafel were spicy and fried perfectly the cabbage slaw also in my pita was way overdressed in mayo (?) And otherwise a bit bland. also had the fries (good, they know how to fry) but the saffron aioli didn't do much for me. Friend had the fried eggplants sandwich which she liked but also had the heavy slaw. Will come back tho to try the many other tantalizing items on the menu. Lines out on the street on a Monday at noon in west village, word is out.
Amazing spot for falafel. Very small, great for take out. Hummus and tabbouleh were very good. They give you a variety (3) of sauces to try. The spicy red sauce was my favorite, as the 'spicy' version of their falafel needed more heat imo.
It was DELICIOUS. Ok instead of having 3 big balls of falafel (hahaha. I said balls.), they had like 5 mini balls. (and when one of them fell, they replaced it with TWO falafel balls.) There were three flavors, the green had cilantro, the red had roasted peppers, and the one I dont remember was mildly spicy. I like-sies the mildly spicy one, second would be the green one (because I love cilantro). It around 5bucks plus tax, but it was a very wonderful experience. the falafel balls were light and crispy, the sause was generous but not overflowing.
today we got food to go, and it was still delicious.  this time i tried the falafels, and they were really good.  they are smaller than falafels at other places, which makes them less dry and more crunchy.  i also tried the pear, mint and lemon smoothie this time, and it was super refreshing.
This place is amazing! Best falafel and hummus I've ever had! And their smoothies are the perfect consistency! I wish they had more space...but the fact that it is so small and quaint is part of the charm of Taim's...delicious!
They make some of the best falafel in the city, but it's more expensive than other middle eastern options in the area. I paid ~$12 for a falafel plate, which included 9 small pieces, a pita, hummus, and two sides. At Mamouns, I can get a fafafel platter of similar quality for $7 and get 3 sides. Nevertheless, the meal was delicious. Although the tabouleh and cucumber salad were kind of bland, the green hot sauce that comes with the platter fixed that problem. I really liked that they drizzled the pita with olive oil and herbs before serving. Because of the price I'm not sure I will return, but it is worth trying at least once.
First learned about Tiam through Throwdown with Bobby Flay and after watching Einat's technique in making falafels, I knew I had to made a stop here myself. Before you judge, the show is a great way to check out whose showcased for being the best of the bests chefs and restaurateurs infamous for a signature dishes - the Food Network pratically does all the leg work in order to scour good eats all around the States!  Less work for me, more food in the belly.   As for the falafels, they're wonderful - light, crispy and flavorful. Compared to your run of the mill place that serves the ubiquitous fried chickpea fritters, the one's here at Tiam are elevated, sophisticated and in short, artisanal. The sauces (and add-on's) are wonderful here too, they have depth and accompany the falafel sandwiches very well. Place is so tiny, but gets a lot of traffic (if you can find it), which is why they've expanded to a mobile food truck and serve them at Einat's (new) sit-down restaurant Balaboosta.
Tasty (but not really amazing) falafel (I got the traditional green) needlessly squashed into a pita beyond the capacity of said pita: resulting in a big sloppy goopy mess. I stood there for 10 minutes waiting for my food after I placed my order (within 2 or 3 minutes of walking in) (10 minutes to make a falafel???) watching the guy burst the sides out of one pita after another. Salad was good...nice and fresh. Tehina dressing was oddly creamy for an Israeli place. Reasonable priced. Left my stomach upset for the reminder of the day.
I am really shocked. I've wanted to go to Taim for ages. The closest I got was last July 4, but they were closed. I finally stopped by at 11:00 on a Tuesday morning. There was only one other person in the store, so no excuses for crowds, pressure, etc. Here we go. First, the place is scrupulously clean. Great. Next, it's pretty expensive, but you are in the West Village, so that's expected. My mixed falafel platter was $11.50 and my banana-lime-date smoothie was $5.50. There was some confusion, and I didn't understand that I was getting a platter. I never would have ordered that big mess of food to take out. I was looking for a great tasting falafel in pita. Sadly, the falafel are small, hard and REALLY REALLY REALLY greasy, to the point of soaking through the bag. Yuck. They didn't have much flavor, but at least they were fresh. The whole wheat pita was very good, and topped with zatar. Score. The accompanying salads were ok, nothing that you can't get anywhere on earth. The hummus wasn't bad, good for the U.S. but way too full of tahina. I did finish it though, as opposed to the unseasoned Israeli salad that I ate a bite of and dumped. I didn't bother with the tabouli; that's not Israeli. What is it doing in my platter? The shrug was very good, almost as good as what Yemenite Jews make at home. The smoothie seemed to be missing any trace of lime at all, and as far as date flavor goes, it wasn't bad, but it doesn't compare to the ones I've had in the SoCal desert. Taim? Meh. Zeh lo taim.
Not bad for an Israeli version ahahahah (there seems to be a non spoken feud on who makes the best falafel the arabs or the jews which is hilarious) Place is really friendly, presentation was excellent and the whole wheat bread was amazing, falafel was great BUT how can you do all this and serve stale or canned or commercial sale? The tabbouli was past DOA. Highly recommend you make it on the premises fresh :)
I don't like Falafels. I hate them. What they serve here isnt a Falafel... It's heaven on a plate. I got their sampler plate (a must if it's your first try) and I literally felt so much joy in my mouth that I came here twice in my short one week trip to New York... TWICE! On the sampler plate was three different types of falafels including the standard, the green, and the red. This was on a bed of hummus, served with a side of breads and a couscous salad/cucumber salad. I shared it with three people and it was just enough to enjoy as a treat while you are walking around town. Each falafel was a moist cloud of flavor that burst into happy juices. (That sounds wrong, but believe me, its that good). The hummus was as fresh as fresh could be. It was probably made not more than 30 minutes before. The salads were also great, but they gave me too much in my opinion. Luckily my boyfriend ate it or I would have felt I wasted. I also got their walnut roll which was delicious. Sweet, flaky, I dont think they made this themselves though. My only -1 star for this place is the guy who basically said, "if you're sharing its not enough food and you should order our fries, they are amazing." That lying (@$(*##($*@() those fries tasted like fries from a bag. I fell for it. Damn me and my trust in people. Overall its great. Too bad they have people who just want to ring up your receipt total. Suggestion: Just get the sampler, sit in the window, and enjoy. Don't ever get the fries!
It's establishments like this that make New York a great food city, practically a whole in wall that makes great eats.
What a disappointment. I expected a lot more based on the previous reviews but thought it was just average. My bf, friend and I all got the falafel platter which includes their 3 different types of falafels with hummus. To drink, we all got the ginger mint lemonade. The platter was good but fairly average. The lemonade was good but wouldn't crave it. It was also approx. $12 for the falafel platter which I thought was overpriced for what it was. Don't love it. There was barely any seating area so for a meal that we can't eat at a restaurant, I'm expecting outstanding good to make up for the fact I'll need to eat it at home or on a bench down the street.
Cute little place on a quiet block. The service is super fast and friendly, and well they have to be considering the space is barely enough to turn around in. That being said, there are a few stools by the window but this is generally a takeout place. The falafel platter is a nice way to sample their (tiny!) falafels, but it's more than enough for one person and they are tasty.  The hummus and the Tabouli salad are OK, but nothing special.  The Israeli salad is a tiny portion of bland veggies, and the beet salad is a watery, not-too-fresh, concoction. The babaganoush is a great disappointment -  it looks and tastes like it came out of a can, loaded with "natural" flavours, and added dairy (why add dairy to fresh babaganoush is beyond me). It's an OK fast food joint, but not worth a trip.
An institution.  Great falafel.  Great pita (a magic sprinkling makes it heavenly).  The salads are all delicious.  And the drinks (mint lemonade, smoothies) delish too.  Cash only so be prepared.  Lines at times so be prepared.  Best for takeaway.
Looking forward to going back to try more.  Guess I'll have to wait 'ti Tel Aviv to taste falafel as moist and crispy as these.
Had Sabich sandwich. Nice.
Yup!  this is the place to chow-down (or take out) a great falafel plate (or sandwich).  The assertively fried little balls reveal differing, delicious fillings (parsley, cilantro, mint, or roasted red pepper) and the various sauces are all very good (my favorite is the spicy  s'rug, a traditional Yemeni cilantro-garlic-chili sauce). The lemonades and smoothies are excellent, we pressed ourselves in the corner of the tiny take out place, hunched over and our mixed falafel platter disappeared in record time (it was that good). I'd like a Taïm closer to here.
Good: Falafel. Great: Different flavors of falafel. Excellent: Different flavors of falafel + daily specials. Taim is the best falafel in the city. Hands down. With 3 flavors (regular, roasted red pepper and harissa), and daily amazing specials like pesto, olive and mushroom, this place is a falafel lover's heaven. Try the sampler platter, you will not be disappointed. My favorite is the harissa because it has a little kick to it. The owners, Stefan and Einat, are wonderful people and I always enjoy seeing them. The smoothies are great too, try the date lime banana with soy milk. mmmmm. It's a really small place - there could be more seating in there so more people could come in and experience the delicousness, but the falafel alone warrants 5 stars anyway. I am a borderline falafel addict, so I take my falafel very seriously. If you are searching for the greatest tasting falafel in nyc, try Taim.
Taim really does serve an amazing falafel.  I really like the harissa spiced version.  The contents - the falafel itself (not greasy in the least), the Israeli salad, the sauce, etc. are all in perfect balance.  I never thought I'd say that about a falafel, but...its true.  The date, banana, and lime smoothy was delicious too.  The only disappointment was the french fries (which I found undercooked) with the saffron aioli (which was over saffron-laced).   If you like falafel - and even if you don't - eat here!
Great falafel! They have different flavours with varying levels of spiciness - none seemed much spicier than any other. The traditional is my favourite, flavour-wise.
Take it from someone who's had plenty of falafel in Israel. This place is as close to the real thing as it gets. It all starts with the quality of pita, and Taim gets it right. Their pita is perfectly thick enough to be able to hold the falafel without falling apart. This sounds easy but a lot places skimp on this and you end with falafel and tahini all over your hands after a couple of bites. The different flavors of falafel are also a cool touch, but you honestly can't go wrong with any of them. Once you've tasted falafel here, it's really tough to go back to the lower-end super cheap places like Mamoun's.
Hidden between the quaint, red bricked residential buildings and the many trees, stands Taim-- meaning "highly pleasant to the taste, delicious". And without a doubt, it lives up to its definition. It's a tiny, tiny shack-like place. Nothing fussy, just a few stools, displays and a chalk-depicted menu. Behind the counter are a few men bustling about making pockets of deliciousness. Everything's out in the open for the curious on-lookers. As a first timer, I realized that not ordering the falafel sandwich would have been a fatal mistake. So I went with it ! Everything with green Harissa falafels. You get to choose between three types of falafel balls, or patties. You can customize other things like the condiments, sauces, and your salad-like add ins. You also have the option of a white pita or a whole wheat pita, which is pretty fantastico. Service was smooth, easy, and most importantly fast ! Three minutes after paying, a man hands us a paper bag. It weighed as much as a baby. Imagine Maggie from the Simpsons in the opening sequence being stuffed into the grocery bag. Yeah, it was that heavy. Trekking my way to Pinkberry in St Marks-- yes, St Marks-- I unwrapped the sandwich to find that they were still in perfect condition. No soggy messes, the pita was thick and hearty enough to withstand the half hour (give or take) of steaming/wiggling around. The falafel had lost a bit of its crunch, but the deliciousness remained. They were fried, but they didn't have a greasiness to them. My first bite was uhnf. I can't even describe it. I'd never thought green balls could have pleasured me so much. That was pretty inappropriate. But this sort of naughty tastiness calls for a bit of sexy talk.  Israel salad with a rich, rich white sauce (my goodness, stop me), a bite of falafel and finally, a nutty depth that only a pita could deliever squeezes its way down, and I am in heaven. I do admit, that by the end of the sandwich, I wanted to cry a little. Not in the, why is this the last bite? But more of a holy crap, if I eat another bite, my belly button will burst. Still worth every bite. Even when it got painful ! I'm telling you, this stuff sits like lead in your stomach for a few hours. As the other reviewers have mentioned, they can be top heavy with the falafels. I found that the top half were full mouthfuls of falafel and the tzatziki sauce. After hitting through that, you just have a bunch of salad and hummus at the end. Not that I'm complaining-- it was still delicious, just that not every bite was equal. Taim, you've taken my falafel virginity. But I don't think any other place will compare. You've ruined me for all the other falafel places !
I have never liked falafel, period.  That being said, this place is in-****ing-credible!  Falafel never tasted like this before and I could eat this anytime.  Went with two friends and tried a lot of menu items.  For the best first time experience I would suggest the falafel platter, which gives you a sampling of the three types.  All of the other food was delicious as well. ONLY downside to this restaurant is the size.  Very small place with just a couple bench seats.  Other than that, it is an incredible middle eastern food experience.
Not your average Med meal!!!  Three great versions of falafels.  Great hummus and wonderful pita. A great find!!!  D said upon leaving " I could eat here everyday we are in NY"
I love Taims. It's the falafel: refined. Sure, Mamoun's Falafel is a great find and they know how to make falafels fast. However, Taim is where it's at if you're looking for an exceptional falafel when all other falafels start tasting like crunchy starch balls. Taims  offers several flavors along with specials of the day. The taste is different and smoother. The Waverly Place location is super tiny. I've had to eat on a stoop in the rain once here. Although, Taims cost a hefty penny more than the other falafel places around the city, I highly recommend Taims for out-of-this-world falafels.
I went to Taim right after it had been featured on the Food Network a year ago and the line was out the door.  It's a quaint shop, and it was super packed when i finally made it in.  Definitely no place to eat inside, but you can eat on the curb outside like we did.  I think they also do a $10 min. delivery.  But it was pretty hectic placing my order. I didn't exactly know if there was a line because people were just crowded in this tiny space.  But when I finally did place my order, I got the sabich (eggplant, fried, organic hard boiled egg, hummus, israeli salad, tahini and amba sauce) and it was AMAZING! The price wasn't bad $6.25 and I'm pretty cheap, so I definitely think it was worth it.   I can't wait to go back and eat there next weekend. I'm bringing my sister who will be the real food critic ;)
I'm writing a review of this place because it's might be my favorite place in the five boroughs that I've gotten to go to when you consider the whole package: It's cheap ($5-$10). It's fast (~5-10 minutes). It's reasonably healthy. It is, absolutely, other-worldly delicious. I really can't say more than this. This place fucking rules. I'd give it six stars if I could. The most I can do is denigrate the other falafel places. I'm insulted that Mamoun's shares a 4.5 rating with Taim. That's just fucking farcical, really.
Just try it! Great food! Best falafel I ever tried!
The first and the original in the Taim empire in the west village. First off I've definitely had better falafel in the city. These come kind of soggy to me and i like the outside a bit more crispy. I give them props for being creative as they have various flavored falafel and my favorite is the red pepper. If you order the sampler plate you'll get various flavored falafel with various dipping sauces. I liked the mango vinaigrette. The falafel plate is also served with a cucumber salad, hummus, and tabouli. Favorites of the store on the top is the pita bread. Hot, soft, and fresh i can eat a whole plate of pita discs. Sprinkled with some spices on top it works well.  If you get it with a side of hummus it's a lunch in itself. Fan of the hummus as well it is well made and flavorful. Go with the Sabich sandwich as well. The eggplant is fried up well, a hard boiled egg is accompanied with all the toppings of hummus, cucumbers, and tabouli with the wonderful Pita bread. Wonderful fries as well, fried up well and was great with the side aioli sauce. The ginger mint lemonade is also very refreshing on a summers day. Probably out of their whole chain this had the best service compared to the other 2. Though the space is very small you'll find very few sit down spots.
Taim is a small cozy spot. Only a hand full of folks could actually sit in and eat there. Its always busy and tons of folks waiting outside until their order is up...hurah!!! Order to pick up is your best bet because you'll always have to wait. The falafel's there are well worth all of the waiting. Everything tastes fresh. I think they're the best Falafels I've ever tasted.
Absolutely delicious. My fiance dreams about this place. Everything was so fresh. Definitely going to return soon.
The bomb! Best falafel. Affordable and delicious.
Best falafel in the city!  Authentic restaurant in the heart of West Village.  I come back here once a week, it's addicting!
If I ever decide to be a vegetarian (probably never going to happen unless it is for cleansing/health reasons) at least I know I could subsist on an all Taim diet.  The Harissa falafel is amazing!  Perfectly fried, spiced and for under $6 you can't go wrong.  The hummus is excellent and the veggies in the Israeli salad are fresh and crunchy.  Taim is perfect for a quick bite and has ridiculously speedy delivery.   Although it isn't as cheap as Mamoun's and doesn't have any meat options, there is a HUGE something to be said about the cleanliness of Taim.  I can get down with gritty street meat but it is nice to have a clean, cheap alternative!
To us, Taim definitely fulfilled it's reputation of having both "the best falafel ever" and "hardly any room to sit, stand, wait." The good/delicious definitely outweighs the bad in this case and it's New York so I take it ample space is a precious commodity anywhere you go. The (real) chai was awesome! It has a surprisingly chalky after-taste. And it goes without saying, but I really enjoyed the falafel. Really.
I enjoy the fact that it is a bit hard to find. Keeps the newbs away. I must make a disclaimer - The only thing I've had at Taim's is the falafel but my god, it is the best falafel I have ever had in my life. It's hard for me to imagine a better one. Totally worth waiting a few minutes.
