Our first visit right after 3rd and Vine opened did not go very well, BUT we were willing to come back... Our second two visits (within a week of each other!) proved to be amazing and we will definitely be returning. I LOVE the cheese plate. I love that they they are so knowledgeable and passionate about their cheeses! While the menu does change for the seasons, my boyfriend will probably cry if they take the meatballs off the menu, he says they are amazing. Don't miss out on the mac & cheese either! Everything there is delicious! Drinks you say? They do not disappoint. I LOVE their Agaves Gone Wild. After our "second chance" visit, we ended up bring my best friend back less than a week later. She too agreed that is was amazing, probably her favorite "new" place in JC and can't wait to go back!
I read the reviews before I got there but I still didn't know what to expect. When I first read the menu I had no idea what anything was. Luckily my date had experience with the different cheeses. For $5 for a slab of cheese, you definitely get some good value. We had some blue cheese with wasabi chocolate and some soy sauce. You expect a cheese place to have some great mac and cheese and it did not disappoint. A lot of places mac and cheese dishes are lacking in flavor, or you really can't taste the cheese at all, it was definitely worth it. I also had the stuffed peppers which were stuffed with mozzarella and wrapped in bacon, every bite was amazing. I saw that the deviled eggs seemed to be pretty popular based on the other reviews and it did not disappoint. I had the panchetta which was supposed to be kinda like bacon, I really couldn't taste any meat in it, but it was delicious nonetheless. Our waitress did a great job making recommendations considering I didn't know what I was reading half the time. The cocktails we had were an explosion of flavor, one had a rye base, while the other brandy. Each was citrusy, not too fruity, but full of flavor. All in all I had a great experience and I thought all the portions and samplings were generous, and I Look forward to going back!
Swanky fun bar, definitely gives the Manhattan vibe in Jersey City. The place is a little inconspicuous on the outside. Be sure you read the address right, else you'll wind up at the end of 3rd st, by a playground under the interstate bridge. Not creepy at all. We came around 6:30 on a saturday and had no problems finding a place to sit, although when we left it seemed to get a little crowded. Their cocktail menu is surprisingly hard to comprehend. I kept staring at it hoping something would make sense but there were way too many words I didn't understand. Luckily I picked right and had the gin/lemon/sugar/ginger beer concoction which was a great fall drink. We ordered the fall salad, pickled vegetable plate, and olives. took a while for the olives to come out. the picked plate was fun, parsnips, sunchokes, garlic, asparagus, cauliflower. Salad was amazing. and surprisingly that filled us up. Would be a great date spot. I'd come back!
I fell in love with this place during my visit last night. It's a nice cozy little spot. Lighting is just right. Lit candles. Just the right music playing in the background. Friendly staff that  greet you as soon as you walk in. My wife brought me here as I have been looking to try this place for a while but was procrastinating for some reason.  Our waitress Christina (I think) was great. Very attentive and informative about the menu and just let us have some time to explore the menu a bit without being overbearing. We started with a glass of Cabernet and some sort of Pumpkin Ale. I'm a sucker for Olives and went with the obvious choice of Mixed Olives, along with the Deviled Eggs 3 Ways (classic, chipotle & garlic).  The Deviled Eggs were so good, so creamy, seasoned just right. We moved on to the cheeses, which was a difficult decision as there are plenty of options from various soft & creamy, to hard, to stinky cheeses. We let our waitress do the choosing for us. We gave her some parameters and she came through with some fine choices. We also ordered some Serrano Ham and Mortadella. Let me just say Blue Cheese w/ Nutella is heavenly. Who would've thunk it. After a few more glasses of wine we decided to share a Mac & Cheese. My wife is a Mac & Cheese fanatic and has the one here as one of the top choices on her list of favorites. I personally enjoyed the slightly burnt Parmesan Cheese on top. It had such a great flavor. We actually had room to finish everything off with a Maple Bacon Cheesecake w/ Whip Cream & a Maple Bacon Brittle. I can't wait to return and try another combination of cheeses. Maybe next time we'll go for some of the stinky, goat or sheep cheeses.
Went here on for a date night and am looking forward to going again. This place is very cosey, with beautiful wood tables and low lighting. The tables generally seat 6, though perhaps a friendly group could squeeze a few more in. It is moderately expensive and I think best suited as a place to go for drinks with a few light apps. Don't go super hungry or intending to eat dinner. I ordered a cocktail, the Honey n' Nuts, which was excellent. A bit of a burn for me, as I don't usually like whiskey, but the honey balanced it out nicely. About halfway through my drink a tiny little fly (looked like a fruit fly) drowned in my cup and they immediately have me a new drink when I pointed it out. The women even asked if I wanted the same or something different as a replacement. I don't remember what my boyfriend ordered, one of the gins I believe, but he loved it. We also ordered a few apps. Loved loved loved the deviled eggs. Don't recall the exact daily selection, but I do remember the more unusual ones were decided more enjoyable, probably b/c I don't experience the flavor mix as often. The mac & cheese was also excellent. My boyfriend declared it the best mac & cheese in the area. I would definitely name it in the top two, I am unsure that it could really beat out Marco and Peppe's mac and cheese, my current top choice. Finally we got a cheese board. We described to the person we type of cheeses we normally like and they whipped up a lovely selection for us. Don't remember exact types, but I highly recommend just trusting them with the selection. The service was excellent. The waitress was attentive, but not overbearing or intrusive. She was quite friendly and was able to give excellent advise on food and drink selection. The staff in general all seemed to get along quite well and they was a pleasant, easy-going, and relaxed charm about the place that made me want to cozy up in there for the entire evening. Which we did :) We were never rushed and when they delivered the bill, it was clear there was no need to hurry and pay, which was quite nice.
This place provides a lovely experience. The decor, the food, the service and the wine are just fantastic. Our charming waitress made excellent suggestions on the food and cheese. The prices are just right. Will definiley be coming here again, especially because the menu changes so there will always be some new delicous small plate to try.
Just when you thought downtown Jersey City was all about hipster restaurants and bars, Third & Vine enters the scene to add some style and grace. One of the most interesting things about this establishment is that there's no big overhead sign outside letting you know where it is. During a time when everyone wants to be flashy and say "Hey, look at me!", I do appreciate their subtlety. Once inside, the atmosphere is comfortable enough to just hang out with some friends, but nice enough for you to bring a date to. The lighting is pretty dim so people with vision problems may have some issues reading the menu. Bring a flashlight! The staff are really nice people. The waitresses are especially very skilled in witty banter so be sure to be on your A game if you step up to the plate (pun intended). Nice job to whoever does the hiring! As for the food and drink, I have yet to have anything that I didn't enjoy. Everything from the deviled eggs to the meatballs to the stuffed peppers to the Pork belly have all been right on the money. I'm not a connoisseur of fancy cheeses, but the ones I did try were pretty good. Beware that their specialty drinks are pretty strong. You may think it just tastes pretty good, but you'll be tipsy before you realize it! For a place this classy looking, I really expected the prices to be much higher than they are. You can definitely get your fill here for well under $20. Environment: 4/5 Service: 5/5 Food: 5/5 Price: 4/5 Third & Vine definitely fills the small plates void that was sorely missing from the downtown Jersey city restaurant and bar scene.
I have been hemming & hawing about writing this review - not because it isn't great, cauz it is as you can see from my 5 stars (and I almost never give 5 stars!). It's because this place is a truly hidden gem (not even a sign up except for something in the window), & if I yelp about it, I may not be able to get a table! The food is amazing - let them guide you as to cheeses, meats, & salads. I love the beet salad, mediterranean salad, the mac 'n cheese is to die for (ask them & they w/make it veggie w/o the bacon), great selection of cheeses, & their grilled sandwiches are heavenly. I have not eaten anything here that I don't like. Plus, I love the high top pub style tables with stools, the servers who are all "hipster", their knowledge of the menu, & the fact that they are always happy to whip up a custom mocktail for me since I don't drink alcohol. Finally, their prices are truly reasonable & we are always surprised by the total bill being so low when we eat here. I will definitely be going here again, they have lots of variety on the menu & I already have my favorites. So...see you there!
Awesome bar!! Great drinks and food. The bartenders were super friendly and attentive. I highly recommend the deviled eggs (the pancetta one was my favorite) and the fresh sliced meats and cheeses were delicious!
What a great little spot, hidden and nestled in the old italian neighborhood of Jersey City. Definitely going back. Try their Rose' prosecco, their meatballs and polenta were amazeballs and the mack and cheese delish!
I dad a fantastic experience here. They really are firing on all cylinders. Food: 5 stars - the pairings they had with the cheese were PERFECT. Each of them complemented the cheese well, and each of them was unique. The egg mousse was particularly surprising, and the honey may have been the best I've ever had. The pickle plate was great, and was a huge portion for $4. It was a great start to the meal...just the right amount of 'bite.' The beet salad is just a thing of beauty...all my favorite things in one salad - beets, arugula, goat cheese, and hazelnuts. Cruncy, peppery, creamy, and sweet all in one. It was very fresh, and was a generous portion for $7. Pork belly. 'Nuff said about that. Just get it. Value: 5 stars - I was really impressed with the quality and portion sizes for the price. The lady and I ordered 4 cheeses with pairings, 2 drinks each, 3 small plates, and a sandwich to share - and it came under $100 including 20+% tip. The pickled veggie plate and beet salad stand out as being larger than I expected for the price. The cheese + pairing for $5 each is reasonable once you taste the quality and the care that went into finding the right selection. Service: 5 stars - The "cheese bro" and our waitress were both very friendly. Our waitress was almost so nice it seemed fake, and I'm sure she was turning it on a little bit for a good tip, but she pulled it off and made us feel genuinely welcome. It seems they're good about bringing you food when it's ready and not relying on your server if they're busy - the chef actually brought two of our plates out while they were still hot. Decor: 4 stars. I love the communal seating atmosphere, and the ceiling, but the outside is a little bland looking and doesn't do the place justice. I also felt like something was missing - the walls were a little too bare. Regardless, it's nice inside and not over-the-top. Awesome joint. Will definitely be back. Those who know me know I love me some cheese. This could get dangerous
My friend and I tried most of the appetizers on the menu between the two times we've been there.  My favorite appetizers were the meatballs(comes with polenta) and the stuffed peppers(wrapped with prosciutto).  They make nice cocktails, and it wasn't too loud. This could be a nice spot for a date or to catch up with friends.  Its a small space so I could see a wait on certain nights, we were lucky and got two seats at the bar, which I usually prefer.  Its got a trendy/hipster vibe but its a nice change from the rest of downtown.
The meatballs...the meatballs.  What can I say?  Nada.  Wait...they were fuckin tasty. The pork belly complemented my own pork belly. seewhatididthere You GOTTA get the pork belly.  GOTTA.  Crunchy and tender and savory....gotdayum. The mac n cheese is pretty good.  Like really good.  Like really really good. The Tempranillo was delectable. The ambience is romantic and cozy-subdued. I still don't like bathrooms that open straight into the dining/drinking area...but I guess can deal.
Very cute, dimly lit alcove on a random street in JC. Deviled eggs were great, our mac and cheese was delish but the breadcrumbs on top were burnt, so felt like it wasn't as good as it aspired to be...but the Jamon Bacadillo and Stuffed peppers were my jam. Get those, a cocktail, and go to TOWN. Getting to know this neighborhood well, and liking it!!!
Finally made it here! Went to celebrate the happiest of hours with some friends after work. The place is small, intimate and cute. Good date spot. It's tapas style, so we got: beet/arugula salad, 2 different cheeses and one meat, 2 deviled eggs and this fruit tart to end the meal. Everything was really tasty but I was not crazy about their portions which is why they don't get 5 stars for me. $2 for one deviled egg?! How can you even share that? They had good wine choices there as well and from the looks of it, a very interesting cocktails menu. Next time I am there I will try the Mac & cheese and explore some more cocktails. But overall it's a cute, unassuming place! It stands apart for me as I think about other downtown fare. Definitely a good choice for something different around downtown JC. I look forward to going back to try more.
I live right around the corner and can't believe it's taken me 7 months to make my way over here. We stopped in for a late Saturday night dinner around 11pm. Despite the crowd, we were able to get seated front and center at the bar right away. Ambiance is pretty sweet--communal seating surrounding the bar area; dim lights, lots of candles yet a homey feel. They were playing a weird horror movie on the tv, but I'll let that slide for this review. We were greeted at the bar by whom I assume is the owner of the restaurant. When ordering our drinks, he asked what I was in the mood for (dry and light) and recommended the mayolet. It was perfection. My husband ordered the old fashioned and was quite content. We went in on the small plates and ordered: - truffled deviled eggs - stuffed peppers - third and vine pate - jamon bocadillo - beef, pork and ricotta meatballs I think the only tragedy about our meal was that we ordered only one plate of the stuffed peppers. This was my favorite dish of the night. Perfect blend of spicy and savory. I didn't get to try the deviled egg but my husband loved it. I enjoyed the pate. It was so rich and creamy, I got so into it that I forgot to put the onion marmalade on my crostini. The jamon bocadillo reminded me of dishes I had in Barcelona. It was delicious. The fig is a nice touch. The meatballs were good. I don't think the palenta was even necessary for plating. The meatballs from Roman Nose are still my favorite in JC but these were a close second. Unfortunately, they were all out of maple bacon cheesecake which we were dying to try. Serves us right for having such a late dinner. I went with the owner's recommendation of trying the poached pears with honey vanilla mascarpone and red wine syrup and my husband had the blue cheese creme brûlée and spiced apple compote. At first bite, I wasn't a fan of the poached pear. The red wine syrup reduction made it way too bitter for me. But once I spread the honey vanilla mascarpone through the dish, it was like having a completely different dessert. It added the perfect amount of sweetness and flavor to balance it out. I could eat the mascarpone alone it was sooo good. So light and creamy. It made me forget that we missed out on the popular maple bacon cheesecake. I think they rotate their desserts  so I doubt this dish will be a staple like the cheesecake. I miss it already. I was a little skeptical about the blue cheese creme brûlée but it turned out to be just as delicious. A bit rich, so two or three bites was more than enough for me. We are ready to go back and try the cheese board. Don't let the outside appearance of the restaurant fool you. This restaurant is a hidden Jersey City gem only a few blocks away from Grove Street. Their mission is listed on their website) is to serve delicious, affordable food and that they did. We had an awesome meal without breaking bank. What more could you ask for? Looking forward to our next date night!
Update: I'm giving them 5 stars and rounding up my rating for a few reasons. One, the owners are awesome and so passionate and knowledgable. Two, the prices and portions are fantastic (perhaps a perk of being a little further from downtown/the PATH?). Third, the cocktails which were the main reason I gave them 4 stars rather than 5 have improved tremendously. Nicely balanced and well thought out. The food (and drinks perhaps) is still inconsistent and kinda hit and miss but I think they deserve the extra star regardless.   This was a hard place to review but after coming here several times and trying a bunch of different things on their menu though, I think this (which really should be 4.5) is the right rating. I have had some great food here, but also some stuff I probably wouldn't get again. What I love: -The location: I like that this is a little further from downtown and in a part of JC that has seen a bunch of new places open recently. I think this keeps crowds down a little (though it can still get crowded at times) and just generally keeps the atmosphere pretty chill. The place is small but I like it, though as other reviewers have stated, they could probably add some decor to the walls to keep them less bare. -Cheese: At $5 a cheese, this is definitely a great value and they are pretty generous with portion sizes. The cheese pairings are also really spot on. I have noticed that they often use the same accompaniments with different cheeses (not on a single cheese plate, but I noticed that I have gotten some pairings almost every time and also people around me who ordered different cheeses from me had the same/similar pairings), but I guess that makes sense if the cheeses have similar profiles. In any case, I have really enjoyed the cheese I have had here and they definitely know what they are doing. My favorite so far was the Robiola Bosina with marcona almonds and salted watermelon jelly. Delicious stuff! -Pork belly: This was so good! It was on the fattier side, but cooked perfectly and went well with the barbecue sauce that it was topped with. This wasn't smothered in barbecue sauce, and didn't need to me; the little bit of sauce on the top of each piece was great. If you like pork belly, you will most likely love this. -Balsamic onion jam (this comes with the chicken liver pate): The pate was good too, but the balsamic onion jam stole the show. They also went really well together and I absolutely loved this and would definitely order it again! -Service: Everyone who works there, from the owner to the bartender has been really helpful and friendly. They definitely know their stuff and are happy to offer recommendations. They also make it a point to check in and make sure you are happy with things. What I liked less: -Meatballs: This seems to be a Yelp favorite, but I wasn't a fan. I didn't care for the sauce much, didn't find the meatballs to be particularly good (I generally make my own so I'm probably biased), and thought the way it was served could be improved- I think putting it in a more shallow but wider dish would make more sense. -Truffled egg toast: While I didn't find this to be bad, I also didn't find it to be great. Their other cheese sandwiches sound really great so I would definitely try those as opposed to this. -Drink selection: I appreciate that they are trying to keep the menu small and unique, and their cocktails are undoubtedly very, very well made. However, for the most part, I haven't tried a cocktail from their menu that I absolutely loved (with the exception of their spin on an Old Fashioned which was awesome). Maybe I just need to try more stuff, but that is what I found so far. I have had more luck asking them to just make cocktails that I felt like drinking and aren't on the menu; they do make a mean drink. Wine selection is somewhat small but very interesting; I have had great experiences with asking for suggestions. Finally, they have a small but somewhat interesting beer selection but this is another area I would like to see them expand on (though clearly the focus is wine so if they don't, I get it). I definitely am still a fan of their drinks, but think that they can do better. One more thing- the desserts are pretty interesting and at $5, I think at least worth trying. The maple bacon cheesecake was okay; I loved the candied bacon but didn't love the actual cheesecake that much (seemed to not be set very well). The first time I had the warm chocolate cake, the salted caramel ice cream it came with was amazing and quite salty and I loved it. The second time, the ice cream was not salty at all and I wasn't a big fan but the cake itself was pretty good. There are a lot of things I really love about this place and I think it is an awesome addition to Jersey City. Kitchen is also open later than many other places in JC, at least on weekdays (I've ordered food around 10:30 and maybe later also).
Overall, this is a great place. A friend and I had the deviled eggs which were great and we asked our waitress to have the cheese monger pick a few out for us. I wish I could remember what they were but all were good and well paired with various jams and pestos. There is also a great wine list. The vibe of the place is very chill and the music well chosen. Great neighborhood spot.
This place is just straight up awesome. Everything you want in a neighborhood wine bar. Classy Sita French feel, for sure. The bartenders will let you sample the wine before getting a glass, and their stuff is by no means run of the mill. The food here is also a star. The meatballs with polenta were tasty and a nice combination. The truffle eggs was not dissimilar to a truffled eggs Benedict, so be prepared for a poached egg to explode. The duck sandwich is awesome. It has a nice bit of spice from the mustard and heat from the peppers. This was my favorite dish. We also sampled a plate of three cheeses, including one of the creamier / funkier ones. Each of the cheeses is paired with accompaniments that enhance the flavor. We enjoyed the cheese plate, but be warned, the funkiness is an acquired taste. Total for 3 glasses of wine and all of the above was about $100. Not bad, and if you ask me, totally worth it for the ambiance and quality of the servings. I'll be back for sure.
Third & Vine, I honestly cannot tell you how very excited I am to have you nearby. It reminds me of all my favorite speakeasy-style cocktail bars in the city--Little Branch, Commerce, Dead Rabbit--except you don't have to go all the way to Manhattan. Brian, the owner and our bartender, was friendly and talked to us about his alcohol selections. He's really trying to be unique and doesn't want to offer the same booze you can get at every bar. Many of his liquor and cheeses are unavailable anywhere else in the area--and yet the prices are still reasonable and portions fairly hearty. I love to try a variety of drinks, but I know without a doubt that we'll be back so that my bf can indulge in his favorite drink--a sazerac.
Well--I am writing this review because after journeying to Third & Vine via a good review from my boss, my boyfriend and I went there about two weeks ago...I have been craving it since! We had the mixed olives (a lot of them but really great quality), the Speck covered peppers (FABULOUS!), the Meatballs (really liked them a lot), and the Mac and Cheese (probably my least favorite of the evening but still very tasty). The waiter was really fantastic and helped us also decide on wine and a cheese platter seeing as though I am not a huge cheese fan. Everything was spot on and enjoyable. I honestly cannot wait to go back--it's really that great!
Welp...I guess curiosity SLAYED the cat because after reading some reviews, I was interested in checking out the local "hot spot", Third & Vine. But unfortunately I was left underwhelmed and dissatisfied. I walked in on a rainy, chilly day and figured it would be a great day to dine at Third & Vine and not deal with a crowd. I sat at the bar and was greeted right away (which I like). Before walking in, I had my mind set on ordering the pork belly and meatballs with polenta. Of all the menu items I found online, these two stood out to me. I sat at the bar and took a look at the menu. I was disappointed because they didn't have the pork belly. Not sure why but I didn't care to ask. Instead I ordered the meatball with polenta and the truffled egg toast. The server reassured me that I made two excellent choices. She also added she's a huge fan of the egg toast because "its soooo good. I call it "sex toast" because every bite I eat it just 'Mmmmmm'". So after hearing that I was tempted to order two. But I held back and ordered just one. Ha! My meatballs arrived first. And about three minutes later my egg toast arrived. I ate, and ate, and ate and was left feeling "dry". I didn't like the taste of the meatballs and polenta. I can't put my finger on it but it just ok. And the egg toast...well...the flavor of the machego cheese was overpowering. In my opinion, it didn't complement the pancetta and egg at all.  Maybe asiago cheese would have done the trick. I don't know just my opinion. Anyways, I kept replaying in my head what the server had told me, "I call it 'sex toast'...mmmmm....so good". I felt cheated. I, too, wanted a happy ending. After paying for my meal, I quickly walked over to a bakery to indulge in some sexy, finger-licking good, taste bud tingling CHOCOLATE!!! Well after getting some chocolate I was left soaking wet (from the rain you perverts). And the bad taste I had earlier from Third & Vine quickly diminished. I'm open to giving Third & Vine another chance but in the meantime I'm going to stick to my regular eateries.
4.5 This place is going to go somewhere just like Eli Manning in the HOF. I can already see the line outside the door on a summer evening night. The wait is going to be super ridiculous like hours on end. Luckily my girlfriend and I only had to wait 20 minutes on a cold Friday night. I can only give this place 4 stars because they are not as good as Casellula, my favorite Wine and cheese spot in the city. Food was legit though. To start off we ordered the Mac and Cheese, Pate, and the Pork Belly. Mac and Cheese was the best dish because of the rich cheesiness and crunchy crumbs on top. The pate wasn't bad either but I have had better. The Pork belly was super tender but the spicy sauce over it was overly spicy that you couldn't really taste the rich fat. Still it was delicious. The cheese flight pairing was so dope. We had light, creamy, and blue and the pairing worked well together. Unfortunately they do not have a cheese menu but hopefully they will soon. They also did not have a huge collection of wine but did offer some beer selections. This place makes Jersey City so much better. It probably will be the lone cause of rent inflation this year.  Definitely coming back! ________________________________________ Update!!! Dessert - Maple Bacon Cheesecake. (I said too much)
New favorite place! Delish fresh deviled eggs, great cheese and pairings, and the beet and hazelnut salad is pretty amazing. I can't wait to come back and see what else they offer. We sat at the bar and the place ranged from 1/3 to 1/2 full at times and the service was on the slower side regardless. My friends were already there eating and drinking when I arrived and it took awhile for me to get a drink, then awhile again for a menu, and again to order my grub. I am hoping it was just an off night because I really enjoyed the food and the vibe.
This place had me at "MAPLE BACON CHEESECAKE TOPPED WITH BACON BRITTLE."  It was delicious! This place had a nice and chill environment. The moscato was so good as well..
Have been to this place a few times, and love it! The atmosphere is great for a date. I like that it's separated from all the bars and restaurants around the downtown area. Our waitress recommended a really nice bottle of white Pinot, and we had a few cheeses and salumi to pair with it. Very good!
Love the "Gin Card!" The specialty deviled eggs are always delicious.  The owners are very friendly and grow a lot of the menu's ingredients themselves.
This rustic-yet-modern hyper-authentic wine and cheese locale quietly opened three weeks ago and has been met with wave after wave of Chilltown habitué looking to extinguish their burning desire for a late night tapas spot that cares about food and wine pairings as much as any similar venue you might find in Paris, Barthalona or Rome. Tucked away on 3rd Street (between Brunswick and Newark) you'll only be able to find it by seeking it's distinctly unmarked wood-paneled exterior. Upon arrival you're met by a crew of staffers that are serious about ensuring they indulge you with combinations of wine, cocktails, cheeses and small plates. It's safe to say there is nothing like it in the Village area of the city, and likely not anywhere else this side of the Hudson or even the Atlantic for that matter. Our inaugural meal consisted of the most diverse, challenging and compelling cheese plate we've ever eaten. An anchovy preparation that delectably included dill, pesto and pickled fennel awakened parts of my palate that haven't seen the light of day for years. Then on to the most incredible crab and caviar deviled egg that I can safely assure you has ever been served. The wine list is intentionally limited but robust with well informed staff able to walk you through your tastes with the verbosity of a career sommelier. They also offer some interesting olde-timey cocktails and a curated beer selection (though there is as yet no gluten-free option as is quickly becoming the norm in the area) that wraps up with a $40 bottle of cider. A price point that while initially unforeseen may have peaked my interest for future visits. I can't recommend this place enough, but I'm terrified it's success will leave me standing in line outside on my next visit.
I have a bad habit of finding a new place and immediately falling in love with it, so I like to wait a few visits before writing my official review.  After four visits to this new wine and cheese bar, I can officially still say I'm sprung.  Sprung like the classic 90's flick, sprung like the T-Pain song... SPRUNG.  It's rare that a place opens with such a firm identity in place; even rarer that they open with little to no kinks.  This might all sound like hyperbole, but I dare you to go and have a less than stellar experience.   As of right now this place has no sign on the outside and according to one of the owners, it might stay that way.  I know it's lame, but I've always been a sucker for speakeasy-esque places so my fingers are crossed. They've got an all wooden exterior that sets them apart from the surrounding brick and panel buildings, which makes them distinguishable enough to forego a sign.  The wooden motif continues inside the dimly lit restaurant, as they've used salvaged Hurricane Sandy wood to great effect for their gorgeous bar.  Most of my experiences with the staff have been with the owners Brian and Jamie and they are both awesome.  Brian tends the bar, making some of the best cocktails I've ever had in JC; Jamie is the cheesemonger and I've enjoyed pretty much every item she's suggested.  Even on a busier Saturday, the service here was still on the money. The easiest way to describe this place is a wine and cheese bar, but it's really so much more than that.  As I previously mentioned the cocktails are off the charts. Manhattans, Sazeracs, Old Fashioneds, all impeccably made with great attention to detail.  The tapas is no joke either, I've tried about 1/2 the menu and the only dish that could use improvement is the mac & cheese.  Standouts include the meatballs with creamy polenta, pretty much all the meats and cheeses, and the truffled egg toast.  They are probably sick of my face by now, but I will probably be there again some time this week.  See you there.
Impressive spot for good food and drinks in Jersey City. Third and Vine doesn't have a sign but is easy to find, and when you do, you will enjoy some fine cocktails, cheese and small plates.   We sat at the bar and received great service. The martinis and Old Fashioneds were very well made.  We started the dinner with pate (quite good) and deviled eggs (outstanding--literally the best I've ever tasted).  We ordered cheese and asked for recommendations, and we were impressed with the selection.  For dessert, the bacon maple cheesecake was perfect. It's not a cheap place, but it is interesting and delicious.
I'm hesitant to write this, because I don't want this turning into a place where we can't get a seat, but I must.  Third & Vine is my new favorite hangout in JC.  It's *slightly* off the beaten path for downtown JC, in an almost unmarked space.  Actually I'm not sure if they've gotten a true sign yet or not.  There are 5 or 6 communal tables and seating at the bar. Positives:  Very good cocktails and unique wines.  The cheese monger, one of the owners, has some of the craziest cheese pairings I've had and they have all been winners.  The owners are incredibly friendly and helpful, as are the rest of the staff.
I was watching a parisien movie and hence crave for that cheese and wine.  Third and wine has been bookmarked for a while so we went. Don't look for a restaurant name cause it is not there.  Look for the street number.  We came early so was seated right away at the high table by the window.  The setting was right with the sun shining though the window. We decided to go with the cheese selection and wine.  All the reviews here mentioned that they will ask questions about our preference for the cheese selection.  We didn't get asked anything.  Not if we like bla or bla.  So strange.  Could they read out minds? Prices are a tad lower than manhattan but it's getting closer to Williamsburg.   It's a good place to hang and lounge if you're in the area.
This place is super cozy and the bartender was very inviting. Everyone (even the customers) seemed more mellow. It's definitley a more mature atmosphere which is very appreciated. I like that the bartender will let you sample the wine before he pours you a full glass. Only came here for a drink but I need to go back and try their foods and their cheeses!
Ventured out to Jersey City for some drinks and food. Luckily, yelp was there to help me find this place. It was not a disappointment! It is a tapas place so portions are small! I wish we had known because we were starving - our solution ordered lots of food. The pickled veggies and anchovies were delicious! Then, came the meatballs and duck sandwich. The duck sandwich is a must. It's smokey and has a kick! I would come back just for the sandwich nothing else. The mix drinks were good. They only sell beer bottles no drafts here. So why only three stars you ask?? I took 2 stars for the service. It definitely has a weird hipster vibe going on. Our bartender acted irritated when we asked for more drinks. And it was hard to get his attention when we wanted water. I hate when I'm at a restaurant and the waiter acts like it's the worst thing to be serving someone! Get another job,buddy!
I do not like going to places while they are still brand new.  It is so hard to hit the ground running, so I tend to steer clear of new places for a few weeks.   Luckily, I did not follow my own advice in trying Third and Vine, which had only officially opened the day before. The space is pretty big, with a long bar.  The ceiling is beautiful, and the cheese cases were totally unique.  It's a really pretty place, and made me want to linger. The bartender/owner suggested a great French white, which I loved.  He also made an incredible Sazerac for my husband.  The fromager/owner made us an amazing cheese plate.  Each cheese was the perfect temperature, and paired beautifully with various accompaniments.  I am so happy to have a place nearby that does cheese so well.  We also had a couple of deviled eggs to start, which were also very tasty. I am beyond excited that this place rocks.  The owners are both clearly passionate about their respective crafts; it seriously shows.  I will be back, and often.
Um. The fact that I live down the street from this JC gem is just plain DANGEROUS. I'll echo another reviewer--you MUST have an aviation. It's an amazing cocktail. The Corpse Reviver isn't far behind, but I feel the aviation will appeal more to a wider crowd. The deviled eggs are phenomenal. Just do it. I had their beef carpaccio salad last time, which was also tasty. Now, the real draw of this place is the cheese. I don't even like bleu cheeses, but they pair it so well that it's hard not to close your eyes in sheer enjoyment. We never choose our own cheeses, just ask for whatever they recommend. Haven't been led astray yet! Beers and cheeses are always changing around. We like to sit at the bar because the bartenders are pretty cool. Absolutely no complaints about Third & Vine--except maybe that y'all should open earlier on Sundays! In fact... Maybe we'll just pop on in tonight and say hi.
A new neighborhood favorite! I am lucky enough to only live three short blocks away. The service is excellent and the food is delicious. We had pickled veggies, truffle egg toast and a selection of meat and cheese. I had wine, but my boyfriend had a really awesome drink called Poison Ivy. It was herbed moonshine with lemon and egg white. It was super fresh, unsurprisingly because the herbs are from the owners garden. Everything was really great. The vibe is definitively very Williamsburg/Bushwick but not in an intimidating way. Everyone was extremely friendly, helpful and eager to share their wealth of knowledge about the menu. I can't wait to go back!
What a cute place for wine and cheese. Not on your typical grove street location where all the restaurants are at and a bit of a walk but so worth it. Great selection of wine and cheese. I would definitely go back and visit again. I don't remember the names of the cheese we ordered but it was awesome and they were very educated about it.
First off, I love how hidden it seems to be with no sign or name display to advertise it's existence. Small and cozy you can sit at the bar or in a shared "hall" table, which adds to its charm. The vibe is very relaxed and casual but the good is anything but! Great service, bartendrs, serevrs, and owners. Amazing rotating wine selection and cocktails. The food usually come in small portions tapa style and I can't say I ever had anything that wasn't amazing there. The bacon cheese cake is to die for! The owner constantly comes around to check on guests and gives complimentary home made lemoncello!
I've been here a couple of times in the early fall and had beautiful experiences. The food was fantastic and elegant and the service was next level hip. This rainy Halloween weekend was the third and final time (sober) that I shall return. Upon walking in, there was a stench of wine and cheese mixed with burps and vomit. I immediately notified staff who made some excuse about the HVAC. The windows were covered in condensation from the breath of clientele at the storefront tables. We ventured in to find a spot with better air and let the hostess know about the funk. She turned on a giant mini-split which started blowing air directly on to my party - it sucked. Again notification was provided.The juvenile hipster owners  came over but were none too pleased with our feedback which was delivered quite politely, I must say. To let them know how much they sucked I allowed them to make our drinks and then walked out. You two need to learn some act right. You are in Jersey City after all.
I've been here a couple of times in the early fall and had beautiful experiences. The food was fantastic and elegant and the service was next level hip. This rainy Halloween weekend was the third and final time (sober) that I shall return. Upon walking in, there was a stench of wine and cheese mixed with burps and vomit. I immediately notified staff who made some excuse about the HVAC. The windows were covered in condensation from the breath of clientele at the storefront tables. We ventured in to find a spot with better air and let the hostess know about the funk. She turned on a giant mini-split which started blowing air directly on to my party - it sucked. Again notification was provided.The juvenile hipster owners  came over but were none too pleased with our feedback which was delivered quite politely, I must say. To let them know how much they sucked I allowed them to make our drinks and then walked out. You two need to learn some act right. You are in Jersey City after all.
Now this place truly deserves 5 stars. My friend and I tried pretty much all of the small plates on the menu and they are all amazing! Great staff, great food, great ambiance- this place has already become my #1 restaurant in JC. But...as I've told Christina, one of the wonderful waitresses there...it would be even better if they'd start serving oysters!!!
This place is pretty fucking awesome. Service was on point - chef would come out to give us our dishes as did our friendly server, and our bartender would casually walk over to chat us up too. Everyone was chill. Food was bomb. We ordered: meatballs and polenta, the pate, mac and cheese, braised pork belly, and 2 orders of deviled eggs (1 order regular, 1 order with pancetta), and the spicy duck sandwich. I can honestly say that all of these were amazing. It's hard to choose a favorite, but the mac and cheese was the least memorable. Drinks were so damn strong, but so delicious at the same time. Our favorite was definitely the old fashioned. It was so light and refreshing, and the buzz crept up on you really strong. We also tried the heron cocktail, negroni, a couple more old fashioneds, and something else, but we were too drunk at that point to remember. Good selection of beers as well. Price wise, this is as good as it's going to get for the quality of the service, food, and drinks. Vibe was chill and intimate with candles lit up at night. Solid date night place.
Found this little gem stuck in terrible traffic on our way to the Holland Tunnel....diverted to JC instead. No sign outside, we were definitely the oldest people in their (late 40's we are dinosaurs).....the cocktails were fabulous.  BEST Negroni I have ever had (they use cappelletti, not Campari). Bar snacks and tapas were amazing and special. Life changing deviled eggs (wasabi & soy and crab & caviar). Lovely arugula and feta salad w/ griled watermelon. Stuffed piquillo peppers w/ mozzarella wrapped in speck. A great cheese course chosen by the lovely cheese lady, Patricia. Amazing boquerones (white anchovies) on sliced fennel w/ pesto. Chicken liver pate w/ balsamic onion jam. We had some interesting white wines from Sicily and the Basque region. Really special, though not our "vibe", we will be going back, maybe we can get a tattoo on our next visit! xo
Why you so amazing?! Thank you for absolutely destroying my tastebuds in the best way possible. I love you.
Yay! A new bar downtown that I can go to!! I met some girlfriends there after work on Friday. We had wine, cocktails and cheese. I'm not a connoisseur but everything was pretty good to me. The people were very friendly and helpful. The restaurant was definitely busy but it wasn't crazy packed and we were able to get a table near the window. It was a delightful experience and I look forward to visiting third and vine again soon.
I went here with my boyfriend to meet a few people.  I had the Mezcal cocktail--very good and strong--and the food was tasty if not terribly generous for the price.   But my main reason for the modest rating was the service. The hostess was very accommodating and thoughtful as to where to seat us, but I have to say that otherwise there was a distinct hipster-jerky vibe.  Our primary bartender was very condescending, and after two rounds of (strong) cocktails he acted irritated that we asked for the check--this after also ordering food, etc.  Sorry buddy, but I can only drink so much when I have to go to work the next day.  A second bartender who checked on how we were doing was also snide in response to a favorable comment my boyfriend made about the place's ambiance.  Nice. I suggest the staff take a hint from the hostess and realize that part of running a restaurant/bar is hospitality.
Great place to try some different wines and cheeses. Let the fromager guide you on cheeses then enjoy some of the small plates.
My wife and I had a spontaneous date here last night and had a wonderful time. The restaurant has a nice relaxed and welcoming ambiance. The staff was friendly and we chose to sit at the bar where one of the owners personally waited on us. I started off with the "Pop Pop's Old Fashion" and it was refreshing. All the ingredients worked together to compliment the burbon but at the same time the burbon was not overpowering. My wife wasn't sure what kind of wine to order so the owner asked a few questions, and served her a nice, dry red wine. My wife and I shared a number of small plates. I ordered the Deviled Eggs and went with the olive and truffle butter option. It was one of the best deviled eggs in a long time. We share the White Anchovies served with fennel cilantro/dill Pesto.  The White Anchovies were fresh and tasty but not overly fishy. The fennel provided a nice crunchy texture to go with the soft anchovies. The Stuffed Peppers were one of my favorite dishes we shared.  The Peppers were cooked perfectly and warm Mozzarella melted in your mouth with each bite. We also shared the Third & Vine Pate  which came with onion balsamic marmalade and crostini. I really enjoyed the Pate over the corstini and made sure we finished all the pate before we left. The onion balsamic marmalade provided a nice addition to the dish but I found myself just eating the pate with the crostini. We also shared  the Beef, Pork, and Ricotta Meatballs served with creamy polenta, tomato basil sauce.  For me the sauce totally made this dish, the meatballs were tender and cooked well but the sauce brought such great flavor that I dipped the meatballs in the sauce after each bite. The next plate we had was the  Jamon Bocadillo. After eating so many small plates, I was worried about the portion of this sandwich but it was a nicely portioned sandwich.  The ingredients worked together each bite and the fig added a memorable sweetness with each bite. For dessert, we had the Poached Pear with Honey Vanilla Mascarpone and the Blue Cheese Creme Brulee. The Mascarpone tasted so good I could have ate it by itself. It was creamy and not overly sweet and matched well with the fresh pear.  The Creme Brulee was interesting, it tasted good but I was caught off guard by large chunks of Blue Cheese in the Creme. It was good to eat but I felt that they could have used less blue cheese or at least break up the the blue cheese more and even it out throughout the dessert.  The restaurant ran out of Maple Bacon Cheesecake but it's on my list to try next time. Overall, I think Third and Vine is a great restaurant and a great addition to Jersey City. All the plates we had were enjoyable and I would recommend them all.  The menu is versitale and should have something for everyone. The kitchen is open until 2am (on Friday and Sat), the staff is friendly and helpful and the quality of the food is great. I'm definitely going to be back.
The most important is the constant quality and service at third and vine. The cheese plate options, meat balls, beet salad, super crispy M&Ch and truffled egg toast.
Dear yelpers,     After multiple visits to Third & Vine to visit Brian & Jamie (the lovely owners) and seek out the best cheese and small plates in the jersey city/Hoboken area...we knew they were the one...for our engagement party!     They handled our recent party with such grace and ease that we never knew we were being "waited on". It felt more like our close friends were tending to our needs.      The truffle & kalamata olive deviled eggs? Outstanding. The multi-cheese (with pairings) platter? Delectable. A spoon full of creamy Mac and cheese? Perfection.     What can I say about the owners and their establishment? I can say, go. Go see for yourself that the JC restaurant scene, has just received a welcome addition. Go try the wine that Brian will recommend from his vast knowledge of vino. Pick Jamie's brain about her favorite cheese of the week. Lastly, don't forget to try the meatballs over polenta, seriously, it's dope.
I went here for pre-dinner cocktails last week.  The spot was super cool.  Great ambiance.  Great drink menu.  Great service.  I got a fancy Manhattan or Old Fashioned (I can't remember which).  It was incredible, but on the smaller side.  Everyone else in my party got wine, which they all seemed to like.  I gotta come back one night and try the food, because the food menu looked really interesting as well.....
My boyfriend and I went here last night, and we loved it! This place is more of a wine and tapas bar than it is a restaurant to grab dinner. However, we ordered a couple of small plates and left satisfied. The place itself is very intimate. There are a few communal tables that can sit around 8 people. Lucky for us, there were only a couple of people in there so we were able to grab a table all to ourselves. Upon entering, you notice a bar and a cheese display. It's a dead giveaway for what this place is known for - wine and cheese. I was excited especially after looking at pictures on Yelp. My boyfriend ordered a rum and coke, and I had water. That's my boyfriend's go-to drink and he said it basically tasted like any other. However, we were surprised that we only paid $6 for the cocktail! :) As for food, my boyfriend and I opted for 3 small plates. We started off with the deviled eggs. They have different daily selections, so ask your server! We chose a sundried tomato and basil as well as a wasabi soy sauce one. They were both fantastic and a great way to start our meals. The wasabi definitely had a kick, but definitely something you can handle. The tomato basil tasted so fresh. I liked the latter, while my boyfriend preferred the first. We also ordered the Beef, Pork, And Ricotta Meatballs with a creamy polenta and tomato basil sauce. The meatballs themselves were amazing. I liked the flavor and texture. The tomato basil sauce complemented it very well. The polenta was good, but the tomato basil sauce overpowered the flavor and texture. Maybe next time, I'd would get it on the side. Finally, we ordered the truffle egg toast, which included Manchego, Pancetta, Truffle. This was like a fancy grilled cheese sandwich, and I can't even begin to describe it. The egg yolk breaks as you bite into it, and just oozes all over the bread and cheese. The pancetta adds a nice touch of saltiness. Onto the best part... DESSERT. MAPLE BACON CHEESECAKE TOPPED WITH BACON BRITTLE. Do i really need to say anymore? I found it weird at first, but fell in love with it at every bite. I'd go here just for this! Overall, a nice addition to downtown Jersey City. I'll go here when I want to feel fancy. --------- Quick tips! Their menu online is a little outdated. The prices are a little higher when you look at the menu in the restaurant. This can be a little pricey. They have wine starting at $9+ and cheeses/meats going at $5. Their small plates are great, but you won't be full off of one. Make sure to order at least 2. AGAIN, MAPLE BACON CHEESECAKE!
First - Brian and Jamie are awesome.  They deserve to win.  Great couple and  personable hosts reminiscent of Alice and Mathias at Mme Claude's down the block.  I'm glad that this torch of wonderful hosting has been shared.  The staff is also awesome and deserves all of your tip money. Second - Look around.  Ask patrons.  Notice the attention to detail.  The tables are reclaimed wood from Sandy.  The cocktails are totally authentic (have an aviator - bill me if it sucks).  You will see mixologists and chefs from around town eating here after THEY leave work or have a day off.  I know Cheese and my partner can wallop anyone with a drink to order, but here we sit back and let these professionals do their magic.  I never veto Jaime on cheese, and we take what the bartender likes to make.  TDon't stress.  Just tell them your palate.  You think you want stinky cheese . . . . .?  Be damn sure because you'll get it.  And I recommend it.  SOOooooo Goood. Since others gave their favorites (the cheese thankfully always changes) I won't comment on mine.  Nothing I've had here has stayed on the plate.  That said, don'' shy away from the deviled egg of the day; pork belly; bacon cheesecake That is all.   (Wish I had a replicator setting for "3rd / Vine")
Third and Vine, please don't ever put a sign up. I can't imagine sharing your cheesy goodness with more people. However, for those of you who have stumbled upon this Yelp page, I might as well give you my two cents so you, too, can visit this place and believe the hype yourself. I wish I could comment on their selection of cheese, but i've been too busy focusing on their small plates and hot cheese sandwiches: -Deviled Eggs: Every visit, I always eat at least one deviled egg. They should have some sort of loyalty program for those things. - Mac & Cheese: If you knew me well, you'd know that I've had my fair share of mac and cheese. Cross my heart, I think this is the best I ever had. - Spicy Duck Breast Sandwich: I shared this with a friend. I look back on that moment from time to time and wish I never shared it. #onlychildsyndrome And, of course, I can't forget dessert. Who puts bacon in their cheesecake? Or blue cheese in their creme brulee? These guys do, and you know what? Let them do it. They're geniuses. They know what they're doing.   I hope this place keeps "cutting the cheese" for years to come. (I know. I'm cheesy.)
Amazing food, lovely attentive service, perfect in every way. Awesome.
Some new restaurants in Jersey City are hyped for months before opening; others open under the radar and are excellent from day one. Third & Vine falls into the latter category (unless there was a lot of hype I somehow missed...). Aside from the preview menu, it feels like they've been doing what they're doing for years. The interior is very well done. This is the kind of place where you want to sit at the bar, but if you're with a group of friends, there's also plenty of cozy high top tables for groups. They just installed TVs that show classic movies, which adds to the charm. They're not playing around with the cheese here. There's not a list at the moment - you tell them what you like and they put together something exquisite. We only tried two - a goat cheese with arugula pesto and balsamic reduction (best cheese I've had in my life) and something similar to a Taleggio with whole grain mustard and pickled onions (also delicious). Next time I'm just going to choose my wine and let the fromagere work her magic with cheese pairings. If you're tragically lactose-intolerant, not to worry, there are plenty of other tasty options. Deviled eggs were incredible. We tried the traditional and pancetta, but they also had a crabmeat and caviar special (!). The meatballs with polenta were served in a cute little pot and were delicious, the pork belly was ridiculous (crispy around the edges, fatty and soft in the middle, spicy spicy bbq sauce), and the beet salad was a nice palate-cleanser in between all the richer plates. We didn't try dessert, but I see on Facebook they have a maple bacon cheesecake. Next time...
what an amazing place! if you like wine and incredible cheese (they are experts in both) and perfect small plates in a warm and beautiful environment, this is the place for you. The owners are passionate about their place and it shows! Bar from reclaimed hurricane Sandy wood, family recipies and carefully selected wines and cheeses! Jaime (one owner) helped us to select 4 beautiful cheeses (a triple creme, a goat blue, an oozy stinky, and a gorgeous Swiss like cheese shaved into flower petals at the table, each came with a pairing i.e. pickled beets, fig jam, caramel and Marcona almonds, mustard and balsamic) a small plate of nice yummy meatballs, and perfect white and red wines selected by Brian (the other owner). What an awesome spot... wines from $8-14, cheeses $5 each and small plates around $8. Trust me- you will enjoy... we will at least once a week :)
we came here a few weeks ago on a Saturday night...You should get here early if you want to get a table as this place gets busy! The food was excellent, we had the beet salad, my wife really enjoyed this, we also had the Truffled Egg Toast manchego, pancetta & truffle, this was really really good. They have a good wine menu and some decent beers, plus they will make pretty much any cocktail you want and give you some really good recommendations, we were talking to the owners all through the night and they are really nice people. We will definitely make this a regular spot for us!
My boyfriend and I ordered the traditional and truffled deviled eggs to start, both were great and we ordered a second serving. Followed by meatballs and polenta, mac and cheese, and the American grilled cheese. All were amazing. I'm not usually a fan of polenta but it was cooked perfectly. Finished up with the maple bacon cheesecake. I was skeptical, but it was so good! My boyfriend had a couple of Negronis and was raving about how they were perfect: stirred, not shaken. Highly recommended! NJ needs more spots like this.
Welcome!!! I absolutely love this place.... Represent JC bringing in the BK vibe and Quality...with the benefit of living here and not paying NYC taxes..:0) The cheese selection and pairings were amazing.. Feels like home!! Good luck...
I came in on a date on a Wednesday. This place has a GREAT date vibe. It's a great vibe in general, actually. Anyway, I got a cocktail (delicious, but $12) and he got a beer (something small batch barrel-brewed). We got some cheese (a $5/cheese pairing, make your own cheese plate sort of thing) which was SO GOOD. We ended up just chilling and talking with the staff, who were superlatively friendly and chatty, and got a bottle of wine that the (manager? waiter?) recommended. It was awesome, and even though they were a bit crowded, they were happy to just let us sit and chill for ages. I would absolutely go back and try some of their cooked appetizers. It's not a cheap place, but I imagine a great time going with a group and ordering a ton of cheeses and having a round of drinks.
I didn't know that I needed 3rd and Vine in my life until I went there with my wife. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly, the drinks are well made, the food is tasty and the bartenders helpful. Oh, and deviled eggs, they have a variety of deviled eggs. Seriously, wine, cheese, deviled eggs? I may move in.
Holy crap this place rocks.  Friendly and attentive staff, great great beer and wine selection, and the food was delicious. They have an in-house cheese expert who will walk you through their cheeses, and the portions for each cheese board are very nice and reasonably priced. The meatballs, mac and cheese, deviled eggs (smoked salmon variety) were all ridiculous. To end things, we had the Maple Bacon Cheesecake.  If you happen to find yourself on death row and have one last meal, order this.
A 4.5, why does Yelp refuse to let me give half stars Checked out this place last week, as I am new to JC and trying as many places as possible. Me, my sister, and my gf tried a bunch of stuff, and almost all of it was great. I drank an Old Fashioned, which was delicious. We got a couple varities of deviled eggs, a salad, 4 types of cheese, all of which were really really awesome. We got 2 grilled cheeses, and the only thing that we didn't really love was "The Stinker". We also got mac and cheese, which was awesome. Maybe the best thing we tried was the pork belly, which was maybe the best I've ever had. Definitely great food, and the price can add up at $12 drink and the fact that you want to eat everything on the menu, but I will definitely be back. The staff was super friendly and attentive, nice noise level, and most importantly awesome cheese.
This place is just what the area needs. Great cocktails (try the negroni) perfect menu of cheeses and outstanding service. Not pretentious in the slightest with the best crowd of regulars. There's pretty much nowhere else in jersey city I go anymore and this place is right around the corner from my house. Go check it out, you won't be disappointed!
Just amazing wine, cocktail, craft beer bar with DELICIOUS small plates.  Gooey gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches I dream about at night.  I cannot imagine not falling in love with this place. Great addition to the neighborhood.
This is a cute little spot. The small plates that we have tried were all very tasty and the cheese selection was great. Both times we have been there, the place was packed -- but the owners were very attentive and helpful in making sure we were comfortable waiting and seating us as soon as they could. In the future, I think it would be nice for them to add a bigger selection of food items (maybe some small entrees). I also found the drink selection to be a bit overpriced (for the neighborhood) and it smelled pretty funky inside (both times we were here), but overall, I may give it another chance.
I've been here once, and let me tell you that I'm so glad its in Jersey City. They make excellent Cocktails, my Old Fashioned was really, really good. I also had a cheese plate that was OK (I asked to be hooked up with some creamy and salty cheeses and I received one creamy cheese and a brick..pretty disappointing), But then I had the very, very delicious, creamy, maple-ly, and Bacon-nee desert known as the Maple Bacon Cheese Cake...HOTTT DAMMMNN that was GOOD! BANGIN! It was terrific. I'll be back. Probably tonight!
Amazing on all aspects.  We asked for the fromagère co-owner Jamie to pick cheeses and asked her husband Brian to pair us wine to match and we were in heaven! We had 3 amazing soft cheeses with palate additions expertly explained to us and the  blossoming white to match on a warm Saturday early evening was just what we wanted.  We also had the to-die-for meatballs and polenta served personally by chef Lynn.  Since we had our kids with us the meatballs were instantly gone so we followed it with the mac & cheese and for us, the "stinker" melted cheese sandwich (grown-up grilled cheese).  My husband was  also pleased to see his favorite beer available on the menu to boot.  Emphatic 5 stars all around!!! Just an FYI - consider going in on OFF nights, as it we witnessed it to be standing room only very quickly on the weekend!!!
A great wine and cheese restaurant, perfect for those nights when you want to nosh on a little something (especially if you love cheese). The bar area is dimly lit but plenty of candles give it a nice vibe. I adored the cheese station with various cheeses on display behind glass while the cheese master (as I am calling him) delicately sliced and arranged the cheeses with appropriate pairings. They have unusual menu items which I am always a big fan of. This also applied to their selection of beers; I very much enjoyed my white beer while the boyfriend liked his sour stout. Their deviled eggs were fantastic. We ordered one pancetta egg and one tomato & basil egg but their selection of flavors changes daily. I gave 4 stars since two of our appetizers were okay. We didn't care much for the pork belly (the BBQ sauce was weak) and I thought their mac & cheese was alright (maybe due to the choices of cheese they used). We chose 3 gourmet cheeses and 3 different kinds of meats to share. My favorite was the stinky cheese which I can't remember the name of because we asked them to surprise us but it was very creamy and definitely not as strong like I believed it would be. All I remember is that it was a French cheese and it was paired with pickled cauliflower and mustard seeds. Of the other cheeses we tried, one was a mild buffalo firm cheese and the other was a soft goat and sheep milk cheese, the latter of which I found to be stronger than the stinky cheese. The meats were wild boar salami, ham from Spain, and smoked duck. The duck was the best, sliced like prosciutto and had a wonderful smoky flavor to it. The portions of everything were small but we ordered enough items that we were full by the end of our meal. Prices aren't too cheap; 2 beers, 2 apps, 2 eggs, 3 cheeses and 3 meats came to just over $70 but I'm told that for gourmet cheeses, $5 per cheese was a good deal. Meats were also $5 each and you were given just a few slices so be prepared. The bartender and cheese master were nice and helpful, giving us extra bread when needed and explained to us about the items we had ordered. I know this place had just opened recently but I hope they decorate the empty walls behind the front of the bar as well as by the front door since I felt the areas to look too empty but that's just my two cents. Above everything, we had a good time trying new things so eating here made for a fun Friday night.
I already have an update!!! THEY HAVE WIFI and THEY CATER!!!!!!! I keep seeing new food pics on their facebook page. SO check them out!!!!
Great Tapas type dishes.Waiter (Derek) was very helpful in explaining all the dishes.  Mediterranean salad great. Cheese pairings were amazing. Stuffed peppers wonderful. Mixed berry shortcake delicious. We will definitley be back. A must try place!!
Honestly one of the best eating experiences I have had! The staff were so attentive, helpful in our selection process, and extremely friendly. The vibe of the place is laid back and personable, which is perfect for a low key date night. We got the jamon bocadillo, truffled egg toast, a soft goat cheese, the meatballs, and the blue cheese creme brulee. I cannot even pick which one I loved the most. The best part is the fromager came over to provide recommendations on cheeses based on our palates and also provided a unique garnish/pairing with the selected cheese. The thought that goes behind a seemingly simple dish makes the meal even more special. DEFINITELY recommend this place!
This place is amazing!!! Its my new favorite in JC.  If your a cheese and wine lover this is the place to go.  The do have a full liquor bar as well, and there food menu is tapas and everything we had was delicious.  I would recommend the American grilled cheese, meatballs, pork, Mac and cheese, the cheese plates, and the maple bacon cheesecake.   Perfect place for a date night or girls night.  Can't wait to go back.
Its a very good place to check out if you look for different than ordinary taste experience. I ordered many different slices of cheese , mostly soft cheese. Delicious mmmmm.... Chef came and presented food to us explaining each cheese and where it came from. Appreciated ,but... Be quiet already and let me taste it. Especially taking the fact that it took some time... No. it took very long time for food to arrive.its cheese its not like you have to cook it. Was worth the wait tho. I guess. A bit pricey. Would give 5 stars but the wait and prices took away from the whole experience.
When I moved to JC, I thought there would be a ton of bars just like this.  But alas, this place became my immediate favorite in the hood.  Make me a proper cocktail with a pickle plate or anchovies and I'm more than content.  Great place.
Third and Vine opening in the location it is in may be just about the best thing that has happened to me in recent memory.  Just walking into the restaurant and smelling the cheese makes me unreasonably happy.  I recently stopped in for a night cap on my way home from dinner downtown and although I was stuffed to the gills, just smelling the cheese made me remorseful that I was unable to order a cheese plate because I had just eaten 3 pizzas somewhere else.  Location wise this is a great spot for me to stop while walking home from dinner downtown to my place in the Heights.  I was intrigued by the cocktail menu on my last visit, but went with wine to better compliment the cheese plate I ordered.  This visit was all about the cocktails, which are somewhat fancy and reasonable priced at $12.  My scotch based Blood and Sand cocktail was a little sweet and actually reminded me of a tequila sunrise with out the distinctive tequila flavor.  I was more of a fan of the Old Fashioned which was pretty smooth, fragrant, and just over all delicious.  Sitting at the bar also has the upside of receiving cocktail and/or wine samples from the always affable bar staff.  Can't wait to come again for a full on cheese plate marathon or a fancy drink on my way home!
Third and Vine's attributes are about the tangibles and intangibles. I was there for their Preview Night and on 2/14 (their soft opening). Service is great. Price was good. The cheese, the cheese plate - I don't know about cheese, and I didn't need to know about cheese but I learned that I like some fancy types of cheeses. These were our thoughts, which I think are pretty valuable. Here are additional thoughts: 1.     Loved that it's a wine bar with great small plates. We had the meatballs over polenta (yummy yummy), pate (I think it was chicken but husband doesn't think it was) with jammy onion spread (I forgot what it's called), cheese plate, and the cheese toast filled with egg yolk topped with truffle oil. --- I don't recall the names on the menu but omg, these were all so great.  The menu is perfect.  I've always enjoyed wine bars with a good small plates menu. 2.     The fromager and co-owner Jamie was knowledgeable, attentive, intuitive, and just cool. She asked if there were cheeses that we were partial/impartial to and of course the response was we'll try anything that you recommend! Our intuition was correct, she brought us three perfect, interesting, and tasty cheeses. We loved the pairings. 3.     We had two bottles of red wine - loved the recommendation from the owner. It was perfect for our dry taste and went well with our foods. 4.     It's a fairly big place so there is a lovely long bar and many bar tables in the space. 5.     The service was great. I like a place where you can talk to the folks who run it, and when they're the owners, all the better. 6.     Met Lynn the chef - he's simply fabulous. Can't wait to see what other creations he brings there! Hope others find joy in the wine and food. Definite good addition to JC Village. Can see this becoming my local spots after work. Already planning my 40th here for mid March! Owners, you rock!!!
Love this place!!! A hidden gem for sure!!  The Brunette cheese was out of this world.  Wine list was great.  I want to go back here and try a few of the other items on the menu.  Cute, simple, rustic and cozy, great date place!!  I
This is a really great place for nice wines, good cocktails, and beautiful food.  The ambiance is very relaxed, though I was there on a week night, early in the week.  The food I sampled (a salad and a parmesan panna cotta small plate) was very good.  The service was friendly and accommodating.  It reminded me of a wine bar in Fort Greene Brooklyn called Stonehome, but better.  Third & Vine is a great addition to the rapidly-developing downtown Jersey City scene.
Third and Vine is a nice little place in Downtown Jersey City.  The selections and portions are a bit lacking, but the quality and atmosphere is there.  The cheese selection was a bit small, but offered a selection hard to find anywhere else.  I will be returning to Third and Vine, I just hope the portions are a little bit bigger the next time I go.
My Wife and I wondered in last night out of curiosity. We had heard that the space was going to be a wine and cheese bar. We were walking back from the PATH last night and saw lights on and crossed the street to look in the window. There's no sign out front and we were surprised they were actually open for business. The space is nice size and pleasant. Brian and his Wife are the owners and very down to earth and seem like really good people. We had the cheese board which was 4 different cheeses each with a side such as balsamic vinegar and pine nuts etc. delicious. Also shared the meatballs which were 4 small meatballs served in a cute little le creuset bowl. We were instructed not to forget to dig deep to get the polenta. I had 2 beers from a brewery in upstate NY, and my wife had 2 red wines. Drinks were tasty. It was a nice experience and I wish them the best of luck. Definitely a great addition to this part of Newark Avenue. The only thing that I would suggest is that they make a drink menu WITH prices. Until then you should ask. Our 4 drinks were $ 36. I think that's steep. One glass of wine was $10 and the other was $14. Each bottle of beer was $6.00.
We've needed a bar like 3rd & Vine in Downtown Went in the first time during their soft opening and immediately liked the atmosphere. -- very welcoming, cozy and knew I'd be back. After going solo a few times, my husband got curious and we wind up there every other week or so. Only reason we don't stop in more often is because of the damage all that cheese would do to my waistline. They let the flavors of the food and drink shine and compliment instead of compete. Any glass I've had on the frequently rotating wine list has been spot on and my husband is a fan of their bacon old fashioned. The stuffed pepper with mozzarella and speck as well as any of their deviled eggs are must-tries but the cheeses clearly stand out. I let the kitchen choose any two and have not been disappointed. For dessert, we've had the cheesecake with bacon and I am drooling to try the the blue cheese creme brulee. So, so good.
Have have to say ... I am not a wine and cheese person and know I am service was fantastic ... staff is fully aware and this place is down right cool ...
update- on the 2nd go 'round, I gotta say this place is just great. Tried a few more things this time and they were all delicious. Truffled egg toast was by far my fave. Also ordered the Old Fashioned which was really well made, they clearly take the cocktails seriously too. Our server was adorable... the only weird thing about this place is it's a little random when you walk in- we kind of stood there for a while before someone seated us. BUT wonderful food in an unpretentious atmosphere...
I write this review with reservation because I fear that this little gem will become overpopulated. However, I do want to give credit where credit is due. Great addition to JC, really nice selection of wines and memorable cheese plates. The staff has always taken great care of us in making recommendations. Only (slightly) negative point or maybe suggestion (from an unfoodie, non-expert by any means) would be for 1-2 more proteins on the menu. All in all, can't wait to go back!
Went there on a first date, was just ok.  Waited a LONG time for food and they ran out of deviled eggs so we never got those.  When I asked for them they told me they could give me something else but charged me for both.  It's not about the $ it's about the service, comp the $2 don't charge me for something I never got.  Date for 2 was $125 before tip.  Servers were nice but when I ordered another round they filled the glass I was already drinking out of so it was already half full. It took over an hour to get a salad and other foods.
Very pleased with the service, the wine, and the cheese. The fromager made the cheese selections for us, and we thought they were delicious. Will most certainly be back.
First time here and my cousin and I loved it. Great service delicious food!
I'm not really a fan of overpriced morsels of food. Though delicious, each 2 square-inch piece of cheese with a smidgeon of jam should not cost $5. I get that this place is new and need to turn a profit soon, but the owners may as well rob pedestrians walking past their store front. Needless to say there are many better options in JC.
A wonderful stylish place to drink good wine and eat delicious cheese! The service is excellent too... All in all our favourite location in Jersey City. European style gourmet!
In full disclosure: the owners are my brother and sister-in-law so I can't promise there isn't a little bias attached to my review.  However, I worked in the restaurant and bar industry for years while in college and law school and am both aware of what constitutes good food, wine and service and also am more than a little food snobbish.   With that background, some girlfriends and I stopped in here unexpectedly around 10 p.m. on a Friday night about 6 weeks ago after having dinner elsewhere.  I had heard that the place gets jammed but thought I'd try our luck seeing as how we were in the area and my friends wanted to see the place. The place was indeed packed when we arrived and it became clear that people tend to settle in and linger for awhile, enjoying their drinks and the ambiance, but even still, the busy-ness seemed to go in waves and Jamie and Brian managed to find places for everyone to sit if they were patient for a few minutes.  Since we were full from dinner, we just ordered a cheese plate and a bottle of wine.  We told Jamie we wanted a sampler of 4 different cheeses and let Brian pick a bottle of wine for us.  Brian picked a great white wine that had a clean finish and went great with the cheeses, which had varying degrees of tastes and which didn't need to be competing with a bold wine.  In all honesty, some of the four cheeses Jamie picked were more well-liked than others, but everyone in my group had a different opinion on what the best cheese was, so the end result was that the cheese sampler was perfect for us as it satisfied everyone.  I don't remember all the cheese names, but there was a harder, sharper cheese, a softer cheese that was spreadable on bread, and also a cheese that I can only describe as a dessert cheese, since it was paired with a carmelized pecan type condiment and was sweet and yummy!  All the cheeses had an appropriate pairing, from an olive spread to a jammy type spread, etc.  And lots of slices of bread to go with it.  Definitely filling, although I would have wanted to sample way more items off the menu if we had not been already full from dinner. The end result is that our (limited) food and wine experience was very satisfying and we also really enjoyed the dark ambiance of the place itself, which, though loud with all the people, still lent itself to a rustic, mysterious and secluded feel, where you and your guests can enjoy being there without having everyone else invade your space.  The crowd at the bar was lively and liked interacting with the bartender and I can see the communal tables also having a chatty feel.  We were at one of the tables at the front window, which had a quieter feel, so perhaps the feeling of the place is different depending on where you are seated. All in all, my friends and I had a great first experience and I am so proud of Brian and Jamie for taking all their cheese, wine and hospitality experience from NYC and elsewhere around the world and channeling it into this baby of theirs called Third & Vine which is well-worth a visit.  As I write this, I am planning a visit back with my husband and family for a full dinner, looking forward to trying some of the very unique and popular dishes on their small plates menu.
We had a great time here, on a packed Friday night. It's a new place but the owners have obviously been in the business. The Bartender makes great drinks and is lots of fun to talk to and the cheese combinations blew my mind! Can't wait to go back!
I saw Third & Vine on Yelp while browsing a couple weeks ago and was skeptical of how positive the reviews were given how new the restaurant is.  We went there on Monarch 10th and I am happy to say the reviews are accurate.  This is an amazing addition to Jersey City's Village neighborhood.  The service was excellent with the husband-and-wife duo who run and own the establishment.  We had a meat and cheese plate that was amazing, particularly the cheese.  We left the choices to the Fromager and were not disappointed.  Also had the meatballs, which were out-of-this-world good, and pickles and olives, which were great.  I think they make the pickled veggies themselves.  My favorite was the deviled eggs with pancetta.  We cannot wait to go back.  For what you get, the prices are more than reasonable.  Go there while you can still find a seat, soon this place is going to be packed every night.
Sorry everyone what's so great about this place? I ordered the meatballs and they were cold.  I also ordered the salad and both took about 45 mins, and it's just tappas!  Staff was nice but it's so far from downtown really not worth it.  Go to Roman Nose or someplace downtown!
Superb restaurant!  Owners are knowledgeable and welcoming!   Perfect for a night out.  I recommend the Panna Catta and the meatballs!  I will be back, often!
This was an excellent place to go, I will gladly be a frequent visitor. The atmosphere is great, extremely friendly staff, aged wood interior with pleasant warm lighting. I felt like  I was visiting a bar right out of a classic novel taking place somewhere between a quaint European village and a western saloon, it was excellent. The mixed drinks, though a little on the sweet side were reminiscent of age old drinks you would find in the 20s. The food selection had a great variety of cheese and egg themed dishes priced fairly. Each dish was meticulously prepared ensuring that quality and flavor would be perfect, I was very impressed. Even the deviled egg was a hand crafted MASTERPIECE! Each deviled egg was a full egg, not half, a small portion of the bottom was sliced off so that the egg would stand upright and the entire egg was filled with deviled yolk offered in multiple varieties. The dessert was fantastic as well, the combinations were so original, remarkably and unexpectedly fantastic, who would have ever thought creme brûlée would go so well with apple cinnamon compote and blue cheese, it is a must try! The originality and perfect execution was amazing, 5 stars to the chef who seems to be so humble as well. Keep it up and you guys will surely gather a large and exclusive following!
