awesome spot; welcoming and chill owners the cappuccino had a kick to it - - woohoo i'll be back again And to Damien and Jeremy; you guys rock Ethan
I'm bummed because I REALLY wanted to like this place. I love the ambiance, and I love Alsatian food. I ordered the grilled salmon, which according to the menu was a pistachio encrusted salmon with a honey mustard sauce over spinach. When it arrived, it didn't seem pistachio encrusted, and the little bit of sauce there was had no flavor. On top of that, the salmon was burnt on the bottom, which overwhelmed any of the other flavors, and it was overcooked. I guess I should have said something, and maybe I would have if anyone had asked, but I just chalked it up to a bad choice on my part. On top of that, I was very sick to my stomach later, which I didn't automatically attribute to the salmon. I had leftovers the next day (I don't like to waste food), and a few hours later became very ill once again. Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish on the wrong night, but with so many great restaurants in Carroll Gardens, I don't think I'll be giving La Cigogne a second shot.
The Best Burger and fries in Carroll Gardens!!!! The Beef Burger was cooked perfectly and was topped with melted Camembert Cheese and crispy Bacon. The home cut fries were crispy on the outside and cooked just right on the inside and tossed in rock salt. The Outside seating makes it a great place to enjoy lunch during the week.
Delicious and modern French restaurant! the owners are so devoted and the staff is great! would definitely come again.
Delicious burger and fries, great Meteor beer, laid back vibe during the week, great place to go and chill for a while and fun conversation with Jeremy and Damien, both good dudes.
Super cute tucked away little spot. From the moment I entered, I liked the place immediately. Cozy but spacious at the same time, with its bench seating and lots of roomy space between the tables. In the back is a big roaring fireplace, which creates the best sort of atmosphere. That being said, it was HOT in the restaurant. Talk about toasty! My friend and I both ordered tarte flambees. I chose the traditionelle, which had creme fraiche, onions, and bacon. She chose one with creme fraiche, smoked salmon, and sprinach. Both of them came served on wooden boards. They were simple but so tasty! The flatbread was really good. I love how relaxed this place is. It is not loud at all, and even the other customers seem very laid-back. The servers and staff are so friendly here. My friend and I were just chatting after we finished our meals, and no one said a word to us about it (we did check if anyone was waiting for our table). It's a great place so close to my home and I'm already looking forward to going back!
Was curious about this place, been there twice and i enjoyed it,  Jeremy is really cool, The flammekueche was good , great merlot and nice choices of beers, but "Cesar" salad is way too expensive for what it is :/ in my opinion ;)
Had tarte flambie and Kwak Kwak beer. manager/owner is a COOL DUDE. The eats is a COOL FOOD. Atmosphere is a RIGHT MOOD. overall I'd have to say not coming here is a CRUDE/RUDE.
This place is so romantic it could be out of a movie. Walked in on a weekday evening and was so happy with it. Dim lighting, fireplace, cozy and intimate feel, not pretentious at all. Great place for a romantic anniversary dinner, a proposal, or just a nice date. Besides the ambiance, the food and service were really good too. Our server explained everything on the menu very well and was knowledgeable about Alsacian cuisine. He was also really friendly and warm and seemed to truly care that we had a good experience. I got a scallop spatzle on special which was decent. My husband got the poissoniere spatzle which was really good. Also had the apple crumb for dessert which was fantastic. Highly recommend this place.
An outstanding and disarming little hole in the wall in the Carroll Gardens neighborhood of Brownstone Brooklyn, on the corner of Henry and Union, which is a surprising little nexus of eating establishments, by the way, removed from the boulevard of midling eats on Court St. We happened upon it while strolling around, feeling spontaneous.  The site of a blazing fireplace at the back of the restaurant, visible from the street via the opened terrace doors, was a magnet to us.   The place was bustling and friendly to the eye.  Intrigued, we examined the menu that was posted at the entrance.  An Alsatian restaurant?  How novel!  That would be cuisine from the French side of the Rhine, with Germanic and Swiss influences as well as French, of course. Normally I am a little put off by French cuisine - atmosphere frequently too snooty, too much sauce on everything, not a wine aficionado, etc...  But the owner, Jeremy, was humble and gracious, delighted to see us and enthusiastic about describing his restaurant's offerings.  The rest of the staff was also friendly and attentive yet casual, never overbearing.  And the offerings were simple and earthy, with a great beer and wine menu to accompany. For libations, Kim enjoyed a glass of Brut while I partook of a glass of  Meteor Wendelinus Pale Ale, which was crisp and very slightly sweet.   Super refreshing.  I loved that it came in its own, branded beer glass, which was more of a goblet. Beer should always be served in goblets!  Later during the meal, I followed that with a stronger ale, a Delirium Tremens, delivered, again, in a uniquely branded glass, this time more of a snifter, and accompanied by the remainder of my beer portion still in the very pretty bottle.   All great all fun. Even the bread and butter were outstanding!  Rich creamy, lightly salted butter on chewy baguette slices.  Perfect. For dinner, Kim had the beef stew with spaetzle, which was tasty, almost home cooked in its melange of warm flavors and simplicity, but I found it a bit dry.  It needed a splash of beef broth, I thought.  That's probably not spaetzle anymore, I'm sure someone will say, but there it is.  It was very well prepared, just not my cup of stew, if you will. I had one of their signature tartes flambes, which are basically similar to thin crust square pizzas, sans red sauce, with creme fraiche and simple toppings, like munster cheese, onions, and of course, in my case, bacon!  Completely delicious!  Kim ate half of mine!    I also liked that it was served on a cutout of French newspaper placed over a cutting board.  A nice touch without seeming artificial. It's just a fun, friendly, unpretentious place with an authentic European feel to it, that serves great food and drink in a warm and inviting room.  We thoroughly enjoyed the meal, the service, the congenial room and left feeling completely satisfied and relaxed.  I am sure to visit this lovely establishment again.
After a year of watching the renovations taking place and wondering what was going to finally be there, I am so happy to have La Cigogne open and in my neighborhood. The first time visiting, they got me hooked with their fantastic pan-seared scallops appetizer. Just this past Sunday, I was shocked to experience one of the best bloody marys I've had in a long time - and trust me, I am no stranger to a bloody mary (in fact I am drinking one at home right now). The only downside was the lack of olives or pickle for a garnish...but that was forgiven and forgotten rather quickly thanks to the deliciousness in my glasses which were emptied rather quickly. While I am definitely more of a hard liquor kind of gal, I've branched out with their wine selection. Actually, now that I think about it, I've tried and loved a lot of new things here. The same Bloody Mary Sunday I just wrote about, my friend and I tried one of their tartes flambees with cherry tomatoes, black olives and arugula. It was a great combination of fresh, warm, tasty and filling without making you feel like you're going to need to be rolled out of the place. Later, we were treated to the day's special dessert, a s'mores flambee. Don't think any less of me but I'm really not a dessert person. I prefer to get my calories in the form of salty carbs or alcohol. This though...not only was it not overly sweet, the roasted marshmallow brought me back to my childhood. It was great and will go really well with their fireplace this winter. Everyone who works there is not only attentive, but also very sweet and it's not only been nice to get to know them, but it's also been great to watch them interact with other customers every time I've been there.
New Alsatian French restaurant that's opened in a long-empty storefront on Union and Henry. Wine choice is good and well priced; service is friendly and informal; on warm nights, the storefront windows open completely yet, unlike the awful Buschenschank with a similar open storefront on Court Street, background music is quiet. Lots of great choices on the menu.  The Alsatian tartes flambé that they feature is basically a small pizza with crème fresh and light toppings.  We've ordered tartes flambé with salmon, another with muenster cheese and bacon, and a third with mushroom - all very good.  The burger is juicy and served on a soft pretzel bun - try it with gruyere cheese and dijon mustard - and their french fries are the best in the neighborhood, relatively thick and deeply friend and crunchy.  The steak frites is also delicious - one of the better steaks at this price in the neighborhood. Perhaps the only misfire here is a minor one: the table bread plate offers a few paltry baguette slices - basically a single thin slice of french bread per person - and pre-packaged cafeteria-style butter.  Even if they continue to provide only a few slices of bread for the table, surely butter can be offered in a pot instead of plastic packaging. For dessert, the apple crumble is served warm and optionally (and recommended) a la mode. Family recipe, according to one of the owners, and delicious. Glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.
Just back from Paris, with a strong craving for French food and I was satisfied beyond words! France came to Brooklyn. Jeremy is a Delightfully gracious host, and there is a wonderful ambiance. Can't wait to see that fireplace in action this winter. Je reviens tout juste de Paris, avec une forte envie de la nourriture française et j'ai été satisfait au-delà des mots! France s'établit à brooklyn. Jeremy est un hôte délicieusement aimable, et il ya une ambiance merveilleuse. Vous ne pouvez pas attendre de voir ce que cheminée en action cet hiver.
I went there with my GF as we had just heard about this new restaurant. The location is great and the place is welcoming and spacious. The service was good. It wasn't my first time in an Alsatian place and I was eager to try their tartes. I chose the "traditional" which was one of my favorite while traveling in Europe. My friend ordered the mac & cheese. We also had beers (they were quite good).   However, the food was terribly blend. The mac & cheese didn't taste like much and my tarte was far from "good". It didn't taste like anything at all. It looked like it had been thrown together in 5 minutes. I didn't even finish it (a first for me).  We were both very disappointed. On top of that, an extra large TV was on and showing a a soap opera.  Annoying and distracting. The prices are also quite high. $9 for a small bowl of mac & cheese!.... and the tartes start at $12.  Way too much when the food comes out so blend. Will not return.
There was no wait on a sunday afternoon. I recommend the French toast and Croque Madame. It was quiet and cute inside. It reminded me of a cozy living room.
Glad to have this place in the neighborhood! -Service is friendly, and the owner is nice. -Food is fairly priced. -The burger was pretty good, and after having it again... even better. Dare I say great!? Brunch food wasn't the perfect, the portions seemed tiny for brunch... and honestly was kind of bland, but hopefully it was just a bad day and it will improve over time. It's a nice quiet place worth stopping by to check out, I have no real problems or complaints. Edit: Oh, except for the iced coffee. It was mostly water and ice! Please fix that. Overall I've enjoyed my meals here and will definitely back.
Walked into La Cigogne on a Monday evening, located on the beautiful block of intersecting Union St and Henry St. in Carroll Gardens. I was warmly welcomed by Jeremy (one of the owners) who then walked me to the bar, he asked what type of libation I was interested in, I told him I enjoy pale ales with a bit above the average alcohol content. He recommended "Wendelinus" on draft, it was delicious. The bartender was also very sweet and attentive, I told Jeremy I checked the reviews on Yelp and was impressed with the 5 Star rating, he immediately said "in my culture, people shouldn't be treated less than 5 stars, service should always be the best." I couldn't agree with him more. I wasn't very hungry but it was my first time at an Alsatian restaurant so I decided to try some appetizers. I ordered the Scallops and the Camembert frit. I'm always hesitant to order Scallops in fear of disappointment but these were perfectly browed in Caper sauce, I love Capers, and the Camembert (oven baked) was delicious too. Music is important to me, at all times, exceptionally when a drink is keeping me company, they played a mix of lounge and sensual tunes that completed the vibe, so good I forgot I was a party of one. I returned the very following Friday night. This time I came with a close friend, we sat at the bar again. I had Kwak, one of the best Belgian beers I've ever had. To start, we ordered Moules marinières (Mussels), they arrived covered in two bowls, when my friend opened the bowl, he immediately said "there is a God!" referring to the generous portion.  For dinner we ordered the Gambrinus (meteor beer marinated beef stew in egg noodles) and Steak Frites to share, everything was exquisite. In conclusion, as other Yelper's mentioned, there are many reasons to dine at La Cigogne, whether you want to just enjoy a good drink by yourself, bring a date (a special one), enjoy a good time with your entire family or group of friends, this restaurant and the level of hospitality from the staff and owners cater to all of the above. Two thumbs up La Cigogne, these 5 stars are very well deserved!
Great French food in Brooklyn! Had the beef stew with spaetzle which was excellent. Desserts are unreal
Did I just step into a French plaza? Is that dining al fresco and a French film playing on the TV? That's La Cignone... and yes it's truly modern European at a price you can afford.  Hip, chill, AUTHENTIC.  There is no pretending... The atmosphere alone is worth a visit. For brunch, I had the eggs benedict which was served with home fries and some dressed arugula. The hollandaise sauce was just right, eggs poached to perfection and home fries seasoned and delicious.   I enjoyed a beer and we were treated to a sampler as we hung out at the restaurant to enjoy the French film they were playing. Service was exceptional and you truly felt like you were visiting a friends home and they were preparing their best dish for you.   Meteor beers on tap for all the French beer lovers out there.  Excellent selection of wines as well. I will definitely return...to visit our new friends at La Cignone.
I would give La Cigogne a 3.5, but my family insists I give it 4 stars.  Although we were seated well before other tables, we received our food much later than others.  And, it wasn't because we had ordered something complicated.  In fact, we had almost the same order as another table, but they still received their food well before we did.  When I questioned the manager? he brushed off my questions and said our food would arrive shortly.  Our food did arrive soon thereafter, but our server should have communicated with us a bit more and the manager should have been a bit more apologetic and less brusque.   As for the food, the La Mer and La Fromagere, were quite good as were the various beers and cocktails we consumed.  That said, my steak frites, which I ordered medium rare, came medium well.  The frites were not bad but not memorable by any means.  I had specified that I wanted my steak to be cooked medium rare as I find consuming overcooked meat to be a waste of eating.  Nevertheless, the steak was still overcooked.  Our server, who was quite sweet, apologized.  But, that still didn't change the fact that my steak was overcooked.  We concluded our meal with a creme brûlée, which was excellent.  Overall, pretty good, but not amazing.  However, worth going back to on days when we don't feel like leaving the 'hood.
La Cigogne is an unbelievably amazing restaurant and a much valued change of pace addition to a neighborhood in which every other restaurant is Italian (that may have something to do with the fact that Carroll Gardens is a predominately Italian-American neighborhood. Not really complaining about that, but you can only eat so many plates of spaghetti before you want to shoot yourself through the esophagus). The burger here will make you want to burn every McDonald's franchise to the ground for calling what they serve there "hamburgers." It's thick, juicy and if you get it with cheese, the cheese comes melted on there like a thick, warm blanket of deliciousness. Add to that the fact that they serve said awesomeness on a pretzel brioche bun that is so delicious it will make you cry tears of carbohydrates. The owners are super cool guys and amazing hosts. They bring out books for my kid and endless supplies of napkins for when said kid spill endless amount of milk all over their floors -- to which they never get even remotely annoyed. And the dipsh*ts who complained about this joint should be hung for treason. They wouldn't know good food if tumbled out of Jean-Georges mouth and landed on their plates. Seriously, you need to eat here like yesterday.
Cute French place in Carroll Gardens. Menu is kind of limited, but we all ordered burgers on a brioche bun. Mine had brie and bacon and came with fries-delicious! The burger was thick, juicy and fresh! They have a little outdoor seating area, which is where we sat on that fine day. Our waiter had an accent, which made the restaurant have even more of a European feel. Yelp said it was a hot & new restaurant in the area when we were looking for a place to eat and I'm glad we went with it! The burger hit the spot!
We stopped by here last night.  My fiancé is French from the Alsace region and wanted to try the food.  We also brought our 10 month old son.  Yea, we couldn't get a baby sitter, but they turned out to be very family friendly so it worked out.  When we arrived there was another table with kids, and they seemed to be enjoying what they were eating. The décor was pretty cool with Alsatien/French touches.  And they have outdoor seating.   I loved the look of the fireplace in the middle of the restaurant I can't wait to come back in the winter and see it when it's lit.  They have a small bar, and one big TV which was playing the World Cup games but at a decent volume which didn't disturb the people eating. Even the bathroom was nicely done.  They even had a changing table in the bathroom, which is a big plus for moms like me.  I loved their little outdoor deck and we sat there because it was a beautiful night.  Overall it's a casually beautiful and relaxed space. The owners were there and attending to all their guests.  And I throughout the night I kept watching them interact with the neighborhood residents/regulars in a genuine way which is really nice to see.   I ordered a meat/cheese plate.  My fiancé order the scallops, the beef Spatzle and the bacon Flambee.  My fiancé being the Frenchie he is loved everything he ordered.   He also  gave some of his Spatzle to our baby and he also devoured it, so I guess it must have been good.  In fact every time he would start to fuss, I would just give him something to eat from our plates and he would happily stuff his face.  If you can keep a 10 month old baby happy with food, you must be doing something right.  They also gave my son a pair of cute sunglasses which helped. :)  (pic attached) I'm the picky one in the group and I literally vacuumed up my meat/cheese plate.  I actually asked for bread 3 times, which is a compliment to them...because normally I just pick at my plate and only eat one or 2 of the cheese selections, but this time I liked all 4 and I mopped up that homemade cranberry jam like it was expensive caviar.  I stuffed my face to the point I didn't leave room for an entrée which is okay, since we will definitely be back and very soon. We live on the UES and this was totally worth the trek to Brookyn for us.
I should've taken the bread as an omen of things to come - cold, stale Italian bread that had clearly been sliced some hours ago, accompanied by a take-out plastic thimble of butter. (see photo) This in a restaurant that's situated across the street from one of NYC's best bakeries (Mazzola). We got spaetzle, tarte flambee, mulles marniere (inedible-we sent that one back) It was all bland and uninspired, cooked with neither care nor heart. We left most of it. The flippant, inattentive service didn't help matters. If you just want to practice your French and drink, it's OK. But stay away from anything that comes out of the kitchen. They have no respect for food.
I first popped into La Cigogne to watch one of the World Cup matches--the place was lively, welcoming, filled with a mix of families with their children and a younger crowd--and I have been returning about once a week since! Atmosphere + Architecture The restaurant is quite sizable and breezy, with a raised terrace with French doors that opens out onto the street, but still feels cozy and comfortable thanks to the friendly, hospitable staff. The music is always spot-on, leaning towards jazz & lounge. The interiors have terrazzo floors, dark wood furniture, a handsome bar, exposed brick walls, a muted but springy color palette, and a gorgeous fireplace (I wonder if it will function in the winter?)--a mood that's a perfect balance of sophistication and comfort. The Noms So far, I have tried the Spätzle Nemrod, the burger, a selection of Tartes Flambees (sweet and savory), the steak sandwich (brunch), and a few of the deserts--LOVE the crème brulée--but of course, I am ALWAYS eyeing others' dishes because everything smells amazing. I cannot wait to get through the entire menu. The spätzle, for one, also makes a great leftover meal. I don't usually describe myself as a beer lover, but Meteor is a must-try and the selection at La Cigogne is inspiring me to explore a bit more. The cocktails, all made of sake, are a bit weak for my taste (I did like the bloody mary at brunch!) but delicious nonetheless. Definitely try the Obernai (sake, cucumber, jalapeño). The Staff Friendly and super-accommodating. Need to make the bar your office in the afternoon? They've got coffee and free wifi. Your phone out of juice? They can probably help you with that, too! Have questions about what Alsatian cuisine is? Damien or Jeremy will be happy to tell you all about the culture, the origins of the beers, et cetera. Conclusion Great place to go with a date, to go by yourself, to take your parents who are visiting from out of town, or an old friend you're looking to catch up with. So do it!
My gf and I passed by one night and I happened to notice the fireplace seating area. Seemed like a nice place to be at night and will be great in the winter too. We wound up going the next day or so for brunch and we're glad we did. The bloody marys were great and so were our meals. We had french toast made from a country bread and a croque madame that was a good two inches thick with plenty of ham and eggs. The granola and yogurt was good, albeit maybe bit too much variety of fruit. I liked the sake cocktail with fresh berries, though that may have a little too strong for brunch or breakfast. One co-owner was there and really friendly and knowledgeable. That was a plus. The place itself is really open given what the typical restaurant is like in that area, felt more like a house, but that was a nice change of pace for sure. Overall, the food was really good, the bloody mary tasted great and was a relaxing place to be. Glad we tried it.
I went for dinner with a few colleagues from work and had such a good time. This place has lovely ambiance and excellent service. Very good selection of wine and beer as well. For starters, we had the 'Chevre claud' tartes flambees (goat cheese, honey, creme fraiche and bacon).....freakin unreal, a must try! I had the 'nemrod spatzle' and Jeremy (the owner) suggested I tried it with bacon, I am so happy I listened to him. The spatzle had a lot of flavor, creamy and delicious. The bacon really took it up a notch. A few of friends had the "le burger a la strasbourgeoise" and loved it, I will be sure to return and try that next time. When you come here, don't hold back on the desserts they are fantastic. We had apple crumble, creme brulee, chocolate mousse and a tarte flambée  apple w/caramel & grand marnier--- yes, we pigged out and it was so worth it. Over all experience is a full 10. This place is so cute and intimate, I will most definitely come back!
Went to Cigogne on a Wednesday mid afternoon. This gave us the opportunity to chat with Jeremy, one of the very charming and friendly owners. I ordered the seared scallops appetizer which was exceptionally prepared...moist and delicious. My gal pal had the onion soup and she thought that it was great. We then split the tarte flambe´ called fromagere. It was made with creme fraiche..perfectly sauteed onions...delicate pieces of bacon all on melted creamy muenster cheese. Whoever described the tarte in a previous post as being bland must have been expecting the heat of wasabi or jalapenos or Indian food vindaloo. If you have tastebuds that still function...treat them to these unique and beautiful flavors . We can't wait to go back for some spaetzle.
We had an amazing time. They do everything right here. Delicious food and wine (as good if not better than when we were in Strasbourg). Perfect ambience for family or a romantic evening. Friendly staff. This place is why we live in Brooklyn. Love love love!
My absolute favorite place in Brooklyn. Delicious food, great variety of drinks and a perfect atmosphere.
My husband and I live around the corner from La Cigogne and as soon as we saw the sign going up we crossed our fingers and hoped for a great new restaurant -- and that's exactly what we got!  It has quickly become our favorite restaurant in the neighborhood and we've already been back many times for both brunch and dinner.  The decor and open air seating make for a great vibe, the service is always excellent, the owners are extremely welcoming and friendly and obviously take great pride in what they've created and, most importantly, the food is consistently fantastic.   I rarely take the time to write Yelp reviews but La Cigogne is well worth the time.
Perfect combination of delicious authentic cuisine , cool atmosphere inspired by lounge and jazz music and friendly patrons. Try the tartes flambées , scallops, warm Camembert among other wonders. Try Meteor beers too.
I am really happy that there is a French Restaurant in Brooklyn. Beautiful space with a friendly staff. Just went for a beer, I have to check out the food.   Look forward to going again. Cheers
Are You Sick of Bad Pizza Yet? Introducing a New Restaurant - the Only One Serving this Cuisine in Brooklyn Don't Wait - It Won't Remain Secret for Long Dear Reader: Let's face it, the restaurants in Carroll Gardens have become a bit...hmm, how should I put this... stale? It seems like there is one, big, central kitchen making food for all the restaurants, and the only way to tell them apart is from the signs out front. Sure, we could make the walk over to the bedbug-infested subway, crowd in with everybody and head into Manhattan, searching -- possibly in vain -- for a pleasant, inexpensive, and hassle-free meal. Of course, if we do find this magical place, once we finish eating, we will have to turn around and make the late-night return trip home...If the trains are running! I'd like to suggest an option that may seem like more of a vacation than a nuissance. Have you heard of La Cigogne, the new Alsatian restaurant -- the only restaurant of its kind in Brooklyn -- that just opened... In our neighborhood! I'm telling you, my girlfriend and I were strolling by La Cigogne last week and the atmosphere inside was calling to us...and we had just eaten. In fact, when we walked by on a Sunday during this year's World Cup, the restaurant was full and they had not even been awarded their liquor license yet. Can you believe it? When is the last time that you saw soccer fans watching a match without alcohol? Alot of the exitement about La Cigogne has to do with the owners, Jeremy and Damien. They've brought everything that they love from Alsace and combined it with everything that they love about America. They treat you like you are a close friend and not -- like some restaurants in our neighborhood that will go unnamed -- like they are doing you a favor. And while La Cigogne's atmosphere transports you from the hustle and bustle of New York to the laid back, seize-the-day vibe of the French-Swiss-German border, it is the food that makes you want to come back again and again. Gone are the generic pastas, salads, and cookie-cutter pizzas. La Gigogne offers a unique blend of Alsatian fair. What does that mean? Well, it means that you are getting the best blend of three distinct, yet complementary, culinary traditions that makes Alsatian cuisine renowned all over the world. Nestled on France's eastern border with Switzerald and Germany, Alsace is famous for being one of the most highly concentrated Michelin Star regions in the world. This means that you can get a Mac n' Cheese appetizer made with rich, smooth, melted, delicious cheese -- not made with ingredients that sound like they are straight from a laboratory. You can get a burger that reminds you that hamburgers can be delicacies, not limp, soggy-breaded, overcooked cast-offs. Looking to venture deep into Alsatian territory? La Cigogne's spätzles will make you wonder why you have waited this long for food this good. My personal favorite is the Steak Frite entree, which is so authentic that it should come with a beret -- although, I'm sure that you could get it with a baguette if you asked nicely. To complete the illusion of vacation bliss, you can enjoy a wide array of Alsatian wines and beers...beers that you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else in the city...beers so tasty that you'll wonder why they've been hidden from you for all this time. Listen, typing this review has made my mouth begin to salivate. So, head on out to La Cigogne. You'll thank me later. À votre sante! -Kris
This is a super cute place with outdoor seating and a fire place.  It was october and we were still able to sit on the connected outdoor deck comfortably.   Our server was amazing and totally attentive.  Helping me to decide between different beers, he generously offered me a tasting of each. We split the spatzle mac and cheese, a salad and the famous must get "Flammeküeche" that everyone in the yelp reviews would not stop talking about. We decided to get the Chèvre chaud Flammeküeche and it was heavenly. The warm goat cheese, honey, crème fraîche, bacon was amazing!! talk about comfort food, I was totally in love with the spaetzle mac and cheese!!! I want to come back just to eat more of that.  All the other yelp reviews also raved about the Gambrinus spatzle but we ran out of room to get it.  Instead we saved room for dessert and the Tarte flambée aka apple crumble was totally worth it...esp a la mode!  I cannot wait to come back to all the other spatzle dishes.  What a great Alsatian spot complemented with authentic beers of the region!
My BF and I lived close to the Alsatian region a couple of years ago, so we were very excited when I came across this restaurant! We ordered the following: Tarte Flambee (La Mer): The crust was super thin and crisp--I loved it. The salmon, spinach and creme fraiche toppings were a very simple but tasty combination. One issue I had was that it came out at room temperature. We did request that every dish come out at the same time, so that probably had something to do with it. Wish they had kept it warm, but regardless, it was still really delicious--which says a lot! Spaetzle (Gambrinus): The meat was extremely tender (and they were nice big, plentiful chunks). The foundation of the flavors (they use Meteor beer) was pretty spot on, but it was a bit underseasoned (I think a tad more salt would've brought out the flavors more). The spaetzle itself was good but a little mushy. I would've preferred them pan-fried. We thought this needed some minor tweaks but overall has potential to be really great. French fries: Don't know what kind of oil they fried their potatoes in, but they were really good! Crisp on the outside, soft in the middle and a good, deep flavor. Creme Brulee: Yum, it's solid. Order it. Soju cocktail with strawberries: If you are into fruity drinks, please order this. Basically tasted like a delicious strawberry juice. I should note that it's a bit light on the alcohol, but that was fine for me (because I get tipsy after a bottle of beer). Overall, good food. With some changes, could be really, really great. To boot, all the people were super friendly and welcoming. I wish the lights were dimmed down a bit more, though. My BF and I decided we will definitely come back to this restaurant, and we don't say that lightly in a city replete with restaurants we've yet to try!
This is all you need to know about La Cigogne - my wife, mother-in-law, & I were eating lunch and taking turns passing our (at the time) 6-month-old around the table.  Jeremy came up to me and said, "Let me hold the baby."  I said thanks, but not to worry, and that we were fine...not wanting to inconvenience him.  Then he said, "No, I really want to hold the baby."  So, our little son went off with Jeremy to the bar and caught some of the World Cup while the three of us enjoyed the rest of our lunch with two hands each.  That is the type of service you get at La Cigogne.  Damien & Jeremy are incredibly welcoming, remember your name, and also happen to serve wonderful food & drinks.  This is what eating out is supposed to be like.
My wife and I ate here a couple weeks ago and everything was terribly bland.  Stale white bread to start the meal?  No thanks, I'll pass.  Hey guys, there's a bakery across the street!  The spaetzle just tasted like cream and nothing else.  The people were really nice and that's the only reason I'm giving two stars.  I know it's a new spot, so there are kinks to work out.  Maybe will come back after a long while to see if it's better.
I walked by this quaint French bistro on Thursday for some dining options when entertaining my family from out of the country during Labor Day Weekend. Stumbled into the place to catch a vide and peruse menu. Friendly. Comfortable. Sexy without the pretense. Modern with a nod toward the classic. I returned with my family, three selective eaters and fell in love with Jeremy and Damien. My instincts were correct. The food was amazing, we were at brunch. Jeremey made the most refreshing drinks made of sake. But beyond the tasty food, was the ambience. As we entered, those who were leaving were raving about their food. Its hard to believe that they have only been around for two months. Great Food. Great Karma. Will return.
Just what the neighborhood needed! Great food and atmosphere, super friendly owners... It's become our go-to restaurant. We've eaten probably here probably a dozen times now and it's always consistently great. I like to keep it healthy, so my favorite dishes are the salmon and the warm goat cheese salad. I did indulge the other day in the chocolate mousse and it was absolutely fabulous. I also tasted my friend's French onion soup, which was outstanding.
We only came for drinks so far but the staff is SUPER friendly and so welcoming! We are looking forward to coming back to eat! But the beer is delicious and I'm a beer fan. The wendelinus is a great beer I highly recommend it for any type of beer drinker. They have freak cocktails as well.
This place is clown shows delicious. The beer list is quality and the food is even better. Tarte flambee was out of control. Put it in my mouth. Right. Now. They've got some sick French beer on tap as well. Definitely worth a taste. They just opened, so support them!
The ambiance of this French eatery is inviting as well as relaxing. Great food, great drinks, great music!
Welcome to carroll gardens my new favorite french restaurant! Vibe is beautiful and low key. We sat on the patio and ordered the la chevre tarte, steak tartare and scallops as an appetizer. It was all exquisite. OH and if you like chocolate mousse prepared to indulge because this one is unforgettable. Jeremy and staff are so friendly and personable too! Cannot wait to go back...
Tried this place for the first time tonight.  So good. Had a bottle of the Pinot Blanc.  Delish.  I had the Caesar salad and the chèvre tarte flambé.  The salad was light and  delicious. The dressing was not heavy or overly garlicky and fishy.  Very light and tasty. My tarte (like personal pizzettes) was amazing. Very thin crust with goat cheese, creme fresh, honey and bacon. Perfection.   My husband had the scallops and the steak tartare. The scallops he said were heaven. The tartare perfect even without the nyc health dept restricted raw egg.  We shared the creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse.   No words.  All the of the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The owner, Damien is a real pleasure and truly makes you feel welcome.  The only thing that I can say that struck us as odd, was the cheap, diner-style little butter packets.  It would be so much nicer with some cold sliced butter on a plate sprinkled with a little Maldon.  But that is the only real 'complaint', I can say and we really can't wait to go back!
Wonderful!  Excellent presentation and wine list. A true hidden gem. Jeremy, one of the owners is fantastic.
I give the owners a five star rating for this place because they are hospitable, friendly, eager to listen and excited to talk about their food and culture with you. On top of their approach, the food is excellent. Have tried nearly everything on the menu and depending on my mood always know now what I want before I go to hit the right spot. They're relatively new and not crowded, so it's great for conversation and enjoying the summer breeze. Looking forward to them becoming a neighborhood hangout.
La Cigogne is a wonderful addition an already amazing neighborhood!  The proprietors Jeremy and Damien are incredibly welcoming and enthusiastic to share their new venture specializing in New European and Alsatian cuisine. Although La Cigogne has only been open for a few weeks, the atmosphere and food is reminiscent of a time tested restaurant. My wife and I have been to La Cigogne for the past two weekends for brunch and have really enjoyed it.  (The tartes flambees, burger and French toast are fantastic!!)  They've also been playing the World Cup around the clock which is a nice bonus for football fans.
A wonderful, welcome addition to the numerous restaurants in Carroll Gardens. Simple, delicious French food without pomp or circumstance. The bar is perfect for a solo glass of wine or an evening with a friend/date, and the patio/restaurant is ideal for friends and family, particularly when you're sharing one of the delicious flambés or a cheese plate, which you most certainly should! Set back from the hectic-ness of Smith Street, it's worth the extra five-minute walk. Haven't tried brunch, but I hear it's wonderful, and owners Damien and Jeremy couldn't be nicer or more hospitable. It's definitely my new-neighborhood go-to!
Very pleased with my first visit!  Went here to watch the World Cup since Bar Bruno was packed, only to find that this place had a better TV, better music, better wine/beer selection, and better service! Damien, at the bar had the best service! Will definitely be back again!
Cute restaurant on a side street and trea french, but been waiting over 45 mins for our food.
This is my third time visiting here and the owners are super friendly and very accommodating. The atmosphere is laid back and relaxing. The food is consistently on point and so delicious. Would highly recommend this new spot for brunch. Looking forward to trying dinner here soon.
I visited La Cigogne last night and totally fell in love with it! From the warm, inviting ambience to the absolutely delicious food, and amazing service. I came with my boyfriend and toddler. I am always nervous about bringing my child out to nice restaurants and was very pleased to see how family friendly it was and how accommodating they were to my child. Not to mention the baby changing table in the cleanest bathroom I've ever seen in NYC. This is a huge plus for me! We ordered multiple items from the menu and everything was delicious. I am a pretty picky eater and had no complaints, everything was awesome. I'm a big dessert person also, and consider myself a creme brulee connoisseur, if a restaurant serves it, I will always order it. I can honestly say, this was one of the tastiest I've had. Just the way I love it, very crunchy on top and a nice firmness to the custard. Yum! I also had a delicious rose wine, which is my summer favorite and theirs did not disappoint. They have a nice selection of beer and wine as well as sake based cocktails. Overall, absolutely adorable place in a beautiful neighborhood. Great place to take your family, have a girls night, or romantic date. I can't wait to go back without the baby in tow, and have a date night with the boyfriend and pop some delicious French bubbly! If you find yourself in the neighborhood make sure to stop into this gem!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Im From Alsace and the spätzle (their homemade Alsatian style pasta) are perfect! Just remind me of home!! I can't wait to bring my friends there!! Keep your chef!!
Fresh, inviting, new, tasty, interesting, French!  La Cigogne is a welcome addition to Carroll Gardens, so welcome in fact, that this was our second meal there in 7 days!  The menu offers a refreshing change from the neighborhood standards.  Steak frites was cooked to perfection. Cesar salad was the best I have ever had with a hint of lemon, and a generous share of shaved parmagiano, over crispy cold romaine.  The tart flambées are delightful thin crisp breads topped with choices like creme fraiche, goat cheese, figs, bacon, prosciutto, salmon, munster cheese, mushrooms.  We ordered both the creme brûlée, and mousse au chocolate for dessert with coffee.  Each was perfect. Creme brûlée was creamy and custardy with a substantial bruleed sugar crust on top.  The mousse was a rich dark chocolate garnished with a strawberry, and exactly as it is supposed to be, not topped with whipped cream.  I am already looking forward to enjoying the leftovers for lunch tomorrow, and planning on brunch this weekend!
We had such a wonderful experience here. The owners are so welcoming and kind. I am so happy and proud to have a restaurant like this with genuine people in my neighborhood. The mac and cheese is out of this world and the burger will blow your mind. Must try!!!
I came here last night with my boyfriend to meet up with some friends, we had an amazing time ! The place is beautiful, music is great not too loud . Best part was the food , so tasty ! My favorite dish was the NEMROD , it's Alsatian spatzles like noodles . I really recommend it . Also, the draft beer , the Meteor . This is def my new favorite spot in Brooklyn !
Walked past this place the other night and saw the owners, Jeremy and Damien working to get it open. Looks awesome. The guys are super nice and seem to know what they're doing. Bar area looks great, patio to eat and drink on. Great addition to the neighborhood!!
Fantastic addition to an already amazing food neighborhood. Loved my sake cocktail, the Caesar Salad was tangy and not too creamy. The Tarte Flambee with scallops was complex and sublime. Can't wait to go back and try everything else.
A perfect addition to the neighborhood.  Good French food, service is great (co-owners are super-accommodating and hospitable) and kid-friendly.  Amazed that it's only been around for a month and a half.  The place runs seamlessly.  We started frequenting this place around the time of the World Cup and have gone back several times since for brunch or dinner.  Have tried something different each time and haven't been disappointed.  Often have gone with their recommendation.  They're always so kind and sweet to our kids as well.  It will be a place we'll be happy to continue frequenting.  We feel lucky that it is right around the corner.
We absolutely adore this restaurant!  It's perfect for Carroll Gardens - the food is amazing, the service is attentive without being intrusive and they love kids!  So far, everything we've tried on the menu has been outstanding. You can't go wrong with the scallops, burger and Tartes Flambees.  Also try the Croque Monsieur for Brunch - the most authentic in the neighborhood!  Jeremy and the rest of the staff are so welcoming. Considering how many new restaurants come and go with anonymous pasted-on, service and trendy food, La Cigogne really is a welcome mix of old-school service and amazing food and atmosphere.
This has just become one of our go-to places. We've been strolling over from Red Hook to enjoy the warm, convivial ambience and get a bite since it opened around World Cup time. The little awning-shaded deck along the sidewalk is a perfect place to sit and watch the Carroll Gardens world go by (bikes, families, kids, old men sitting in front of the bakery across the street). The owners, both French, are wonderfully excited about their fare - great beers both on tap and in bottles (ask for the one that's "good ale" in 3 different languages) and Alsatian specialties that are worth coming back for so you can sample them all. Notably, any tarte flambée ("it's not a pizza"): the incredibly light-crusted dish, served on a bit of newspaper is enough for two and fresh and delicious every time. Also love the spaetzle, especially the beef marinated in the Meteor beer. Ridiculously good. Pleasing wine list, and all the nice Alsatian things augmented by more traditional French bistro options (but really, try the tarte flambée). I'm excited for fall to come so we can sit in the back by the fireplace. Also really, really love the movie lineup. We've seen Amelie 5 times there, but I don't care - who doesn't love Amelie? It's perfectly fitting for this sweet little neighborhood place.
Perfect addition to the neighborhood. Both owners are incredibly friendly, warm and welcoming.  Can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but the burger on its pretzel bun and any/all of the tarte flambées and  spätzle (homemade Alsatian pasta) are spectacular. Excellent selection of beer and wine as well, and the atmosphere is warm, lowkey and casual (yet classy and elegant in that French way). Highly recommended!
wonderful addition to the neighborhood... food is excellent , service impeccable.
