The reviews are all correct.  My husband and I came here with my parents who live out-of-town -  I only wish we hadn't eaten all day.  The food is incredible and the portions are generous.  Our glasses were never empty and we left with lunch for the next day.  Try the pasta sampler!   The staff was attentive, polite and we were treated like regulars even though this was our first visit.  On a Sunday night, without a reservation, we were seated immediately. This is such an exciting addition to the neighborhood. We will certainly be regulars here.
New, Italian, sophisticated  and very cozy gem in the heart of LIC. Atmosphere warm and very Mediterranean, friendly staff at your service within arms length. Small place w a garden, delicious smelling air of flavorful meals and assortment of distinct wines. I had Bronzino la sal: soft, flavorful, juicy, sea salted to my palate rendered me hopeful for a return. My exclusive other had veal, very tender and juicy, I had to try;) Its a place to come back to....
Love it everything was on point ! very satisfied! I am Italian, made me feel like home! truly my best pick! Love it truly! And honestly couldnt have been better!
Checked this place out, because it's loved on yelp!!! This place is very nice. The employees are very friendly, the service was very good the glass of water was never empty. They're on top of their game. I had their signature drink raspberry cocktail and it was very delicious, my girlfriend tried it and wanted one as well. Worth checking this place out. The food is fresh and service is great!!!!
Superb. Some of the best Italian fine dining in all of New York. The service is impeccable, a return to Mad Men era of fine dining establishments. Quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in the city. We've been numerous times and everything on the menu is excellent.
This place was amazing. By far a great fine dining establishment. Went here for my anniversary and they made sure to make us feel super special. The ambiance was nice, very romantic. They also provided a lot of complimentary things from Grappa to bruschetta to zucchini crisps, even a special anniversary chocolate cake with 2 glasses of champagne! Everyone was great and the food was super delicious. I loved everything about it and I loved our waiter and even our bartender Louis for the yummy cocktails. Superb! Worth every penny!
This restaurant blew our minds away! From the minute we walked in, we were treated like royalty. We had at least 5 staff people assigned to our table to make sure we were well taken care of. And that we were! Such a friendly, authentic staff. They knew exactly what they were talking about. We felt like we were in Italy. Oh, and did I mention, HAND-MADE pasta?! Yes, get it. Even take out is delicious. My husband and I highly recommend this place.
This location was a staid looking Italian restaurant for many years, but when Il Falco opened, we thought it was worth a try last night. I'm very glad we did. When you walk in, you are greeted by approximately 35 folks in tuxedos. This place is wildly overstaffed, but everyone was very friendly. We opted to sit on the back patio since it was a beautiful night. When we sat, before getting menus, we were offered drinks and given complimentary bruschetta. That was not something I'm used to but it helped set the tone for a relaxed meal. The bruschetta was excellent - I don't normally love tomatoes, but these were delicious and it was loaded with fresh garlic. Our waiter was super old-school and seemed to be from South America but had an Italian shtick going with long, drawn out "grazies." He was very nice and sold us on all sorts of fun dishes. We started with 6 enormous Blue Point oysters. Quite delicious. Next, we had a special side - pappardelle with red sauce, mushrooms, and sweet sausage. It was truly remarkable. The sauce was light but complex, and the dish came together very, very well. The pasta was also clearly homemade and wonderful. For dinner, I had a bone-in veal chop stuffed with homemade mozzarella, spinach, and surrounded in a mushroom cream sauce. It was outstanding. A dish like that can easily become overwhelming or sloppy, but this had some seriously good flavor and nuance. My wife got the whole branzino, which was presented for show then de-boned and served with very light seasoning. It was perfectly cooked and we both liked it a lot. We were too full for dessert, but were given complimentary dessert wine when we were done. If I have any critique of Il Falco, it is the dissonance within the restaurant, and to the surrounding neighborhood. As I mentioned, this place has way, way too many people working for the number of tables. Everyone is in tuxedos, but only about half of the staff clearly has fine dining experience. Those that do come across as very old-school waiters (in a good way), but others feel like they are playing dress up and seem nervous. Similarly, this place has patio dining, a small seating area, and is in an area of LIC filled with semi-casual diners likely to be in jeans. It remains to be seen if that will end up clashing with tuxedoed waiters serving $30+ entrees. I never felt underdressed or that a single person was snobby, but it does present a bit of a mismatch. All that being said, our meal and service were wonderful and I can't wait to go back.
So my brother and I had reservations in the city to celebrate his birthday, but he decided he would rather stay local. I heard of Il Falco from a co-worker who had never been there, but heard amazing things about it. I am so glad we chose to dine here tonight; so much so that I am writing my first ever yelp review. Just like someone had mentioned, it was our first time there but we felt like regulars. The waiters greeted us by name (which they got from the reservation), had the chef personally come to our table to say hello, and provided excellent service, including crumb service (my personal favorite). The ambiance was wonderful; dim lighting, cozy, old-school feel. The complimentary zucchini and bruschetta that was served at the beginning was delicious, and a perfect precursor to the rest of the meal. We had an outstanding lobster appetizer (it was $50, but well worth it). My brother had the veal chop and I had the Branzino (served whole and deboned table side). We ordered the pineapple dessert where they heat fresh pineapple on a skillet and marinate it with caramel sauce and grand marnier (nice spectacle to watch, with flames and all). We had a pretty inexpensive bottle of red wine ($40), which was great. The staff served us shots of grappa on the house, and we finished our meal with two single espressos. It was a FANTASTIC meal, and I wholeheartedly rate them with 5 stars. it's a must go-to Italian restaurant in LIC.
OK just read all the other reviews, and I have to say I agree with every single one of them. A little portion of me also felt what Ben Z was describing in  that normally when you find a restaurant this good in your neighborhood, the last thing you want to do is alert the general public, but this place is just on the money with everything that they really do deserve the support. and in Ben Z's words.. we are  letting the cat out of the bag! haha. Thank us later- maybe with an espresso martini;) I  celebrated my birthday dinner here.. and let me tell you, IL Falco food and service contributed to me having seriously one of the best birthdays EVER!!!  The ambiance is intimate and romantic. The captain and waiter/waiters were all so personable and really contributed to just such a great evening. I almost want my boyfriend to write the review because he is much better with words and on the car drive home he was telling me what he would write, and I was just nodding away. So we started off with oysters, and no joke they were the meatiest oysters I have ever seen. I'm from Boston, so I have had good seafood and oysters. IL falco.. best oysters and best lobstah, I have ever had. hands down. See my picture of the oysters and you will KNOW exactly what I'm talking about. I just can't stop raving about this place. I had to get the limoncello - and it was amazing. amazing amazing. my mouth is droolling writing this review remembering my bday dinner. haha
Amazing food and outstanding service. Il Falco is a very traditional, white tablecloth restaurant where your wine glass is never empty. The atmosphere and menu are very similar to Il Mulino, and the prices are a little more reasonable. Food: Complimentary bruschetta and fried zucchini Seafood stuffed eggplant rollatini appetizer Lobster Ravioli in a pink cream sauce Combination platter: mushroom ravioli with black truffle and homemade parpadelle with sausage/mushroom/tomato basil sauce Dessert: ricotta cheesecake, flourless chocolate cake, and zabaglione combination platter. Will definitely be coming back! Italian food at its finest!
I don't know how this place got such good yelp review.  I wondered for a moment if the majority of the reviewers were friends with the owner/manager of the restaurant.   My friend and I each ordered pasta and there was nothing special about them.  I don't think they make their own pasta noodle (although I forgot to ask) and the chicken in my pasta tasted like they were bought from frozen section of a grocery store.  This would've been fine if they were cheap but just two mediocre pasta + tax came out to be $43.  The staff, however, was very helpful and friendly.
This place was like walking into a dream.  The food was one of the best dinners I have ever had.  The atmosphere was so comfortable and romantic and the waiters were all decked in suits and it just felt truly authentic. If you are looking for a place to go for a special occasion, this place will give you a night to remember.
Let me start off by saying I'm a foodie. Duexave is the best restaurant in boston and lives up to the trip advisor #1 ranking. Oh ya is right up there with it if you can afford it. I came to LIC for an anniversary dinner and did my homework. Best restaurant searches and thorough menu deciphering. I came across il falco and knew I made the right choice. Authentic Italian (how could u go wrong), great menu, great chef background, and all 5 star reviews. And then I went.. It started off rocky. You walk in to a few crowded tables by the door and a hostess who struggles with English. She sent us to the empty bar as we had arrived early. The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes. I bit my tongue and pretended everything was great as this restaurant was my idea and I could sense my GF was feeling skeptical. The bartender then finally took my grey goose with a splash of grapefruit and a twist of like order. He delivered grey goose with a splash of cranberry and a twist of lemon. No big deal I thought. I corrected him and he came out apologetically with the correct drink. Then came the free bruschetta. It was awesome. The bread was hard by intention but packed w flavor and was overall delicious. My night was turning around and my expectations back to where they started. We were then seated in a loud room which I took as fun and treated to a different but equally delicious bruschetta. Another standout highlight. Then..... Everything went downhill. The staff while super friendly, struggles with English and I only heard half the specials. They were also very uninformed about the wine list and suggested a Pinot noir when I asked for a full body wine. Okay so on to the food. We got a tuna carpaccio. Usually a go to app for me. It was loaded with mustard. Like a frenchs deli mustard. The portions that didn't get ruined by mustard got ruined by blandness. I got the rack of lamb special. Rack if lamb is my absolute favorite food. Everytime I have it it's either a "B, pretty good but not above and beyond" or a "A that was amazing". B is the lowest grade I've ever given it. I read a review for this place talking about how great it was. I was pumped. Id give it a full F. It was cooked pretty much how I like it (medium rare). That shows u how bad an F grade is for it. It was, again, loaded with deli mustard. Um.. What??? It looked like a high school cafeteria meal. It was the only time in my life I've gotten rack of lamb and had no desire to finish it. My girlfriend got a fish with seafood dish in a red sauce of some sort. It was generically average. The type of dish u would have thought for sure came over pasta but it didn't. I'd give it a C. Overall it was highly disappointing for a meal I was very excited for.  I'm more of a yelp reader than a yelp writer, but if u take my advice and steer clear of this place u won't be sorry. I still can't get over it's awesome reviews and how wildly not awesome the food was. Oh, and yes, they did give us free lemon cello as others have said. Very nice gesture. The only problem is it tasted like a lemon rind and couldn't have sucked worse. Sigh. A big failure of a dinner selection, I hope at the next restaurant  the food matches the company.
I do not understand any of the past reviews. This restaurant is awful. I took a date on Saturday night. We were seated promptly the server was good. The food was blah. The sauce was sour, The pasta was over cooked. My girlfriend had a chicken dish it was dry and burnt on the edges. The past reviews must be from friends of the owner. I will not return priced like Manhattan food like Olive garden. Awful!!!!
My friend and I came here the other day for dinner. We were so excited because we heard that the chefs here used to work at Il Mullino where they cooked for big names such as President Obama and Clinton. The atmosphere was so romantic and quite with a candle and a rose on each table. We couldn't wait to choose the seats at backyard. The staff were so attentive and cute. When I couldn't remember the name of the cocktail I wanted to order, they created one according to my description and it was exactly what I wanted!! As we were not too familiar with Italian cuisine, the staff explained everything and really made us feel at home. My friend ordered Beef carpaccio as appetizer and Branzino as main dish. I ordered Broccoli rape as appetizer and Lobster as main dish. The food was exquisite and delicious and we never felt alone because the staff would always be there to take good care of us. I could still remember that they quickly took the bone out of the branzino, which was so thoughtful. You could easily see that everything was with high standard and quality. This is definitely a place for a date, anniversary, party, family reunion, business, etc. I could imagine this will be a perfect place for a romantic proposal with many roses and delicate wines. lol~~~ I can't wait to come back again with my friends! ^-^
I've been here the other day and can't stop thinking about this place whenever I crave Italian food. I don't think that many ppl know about this place since it's new, so don't let the emptiness bother you!!! The staffs were very friendly nice. We felt like we are princess. We had shrimp risotto, lamb steak, spaghetti alle Vongole with clams. Everything was super fresh and the steak was tender.. I can't wait to go back.
This is a lovely addition to the neighborhood and I'm thrilled they're here!  I can't wait to come back next week.   This is old school Italian so if you're looking for a quick dine and rush out the door do NOT come here.  However, if you're interested in savoring your meal and enjoying the wine and flavors of Italy, this is your place.  The food and service were impeccable, the space was lovely (especially the quaint back garden space) and I can't remember when I've enjoyed a meal as much as I did the one I had here.  LIC doesn't offer a lot of "fancy" places so this is a little change of pace for the neighborhood but a welcome one nonetheless.
I had been waiting for Il Falco to open for a while, and it was well worth it! As a neighborhood local, I can tell you that we are desperately in need of more places like this. The food was top notch. Much better than what I would have expected from such an unassuming space. The service was ridiculously attentive -- which was probably a function of us being the only ones there by the time we left. Nevertheless, don't let the emptiness deter you. The food and service is phenomenal. We had the veal capricciosa, black seafood linguini, gnocchi, and mushroom stuffed ravioli. All amazing. I will absolutely be coming here whenever I have a craving for quality Italian food, because this blows everything on Vernon Blvd out of the water (Bella Via, Masso, etc.).
What a delight! I was wondering how the restaurant can manage 27 5-Star reviews without a single person finding something to kvetch about. (As of 10/16/2014 they have 27 5-Star Reviews, and zero 4-Stars, zero 3-Stars, zero 2-Stars, zero 1-Stars).  Now I know why. Here is 28th.   The service and ambiance are fantastic. You are greeted, seated and comforted on the level of an extremely upscale Upper East Side establishment. The management seems to know such forgotten parts of restaurant etiquette as not shoving a menu in your face until you settled in, ordered cocktail, and had a moment with your companions. Their wine selection by the glass doesn't list actual brands or countries of origin of their wines, just the names of the grape, but we had some of those unknown heroes  and they all were very decent. I will not list in detail every item that we ordered, but everything was simply fantastic. Especially my rack of lamb. Their captain (owner?) was so accommodating and professional that we forgot that we were in LIC, next to Astoria. The land of arrogance and neglect. Please keep up with this level! We'll bring every friend, every out-of-towner here for dinner. Just don't change!
I normally wouldn't do this...when I find a restaurant this good in my neighborhood, the last thing I want to do is alert the general public, but alas, I want to make sure this place gets the support it deserves and thus I'm letting the cat out of the bag. There is literally nothing to dislike about this establishment.  If you're at all familiar with Il Mulino then you know what to expect. The food is excellent, the service is top notch and the setting is quiet and enjoyable.  The chicken parm will make you take your leftovers to your mama's house and slap her for not being able to make a dish so tasty. And don't get me started on dessert and coffee.  I'll just say, leave room, you won't regret it. So come on LIC, lets get this place on the map where it belongs.
Old school Italian menu but very authentic and lots of fresh specials each night. Very delicious. The decor and music is also really old school, which is not my fave, but definitely fits the menu. Music / decor didn't take away from the experience, but would definitely suggest they change it up or turn the music off!
Manhattan landed in  LIC! Wow what a change!. We knew the place at Da Gianni's time so the surprise even bigger. Based on the Chefs' credentials, so you were already warned: it will surely bring Italian gastronomy in LIC to another level. And we were really not disappointed. The place is lovely, they made a lot of efforts to make the place cozy, warm and inviting. The back patio (one of the nicest outdoor sitting in LIC by the way) is even more charming than before and the private rooms has been tastefully redecorated. Special attention to the staff, they made you feel comfortable right by the entrance, and you really see that they want to take really good care of you. It makes already a huge difference when you feel that the entire staff stays behind the concept and they love what they do. Then we ordered aperitif and the maître d'hôtel told us about the specials, that were sounding one better than the other. We looked at the menu and that is where you can already tell, these people know what they do.   We had some antipasti for start and my wife took the lobster tagliatelle, and I had the porcini raviolis in truffle, champagne sauce (both were specials of the day). We tried a chocolate cake with a homemade Limoncello. There is nothing to say, it was only delicious. Italian Cuisine like you know from Italy. The wine List is also well balanced and exhaustive, even if I guess that some wines may not be for everyday (you will understand when you see it). If we would have known, I guess we will have reserved our first visit for a special occasion, once because the place is really romantic and second because they also took the Manhattan price level over. But for the quality of food, service and staff surely not overpriced. However I can only say that my wife enjoyed so much that she cancelled all her afternoon appointments that we could enjoy the rest of the day. The place will surely need some time to find their right clientele, but they have all it takes to keep them. Was this review ...?
for my first review, I'm happy to be writing about il falco. considering I'm still sitting in the dining room full of the chicken parmigiana and papparidelle, and then spoiled with a few bites of some delicious deserts Jovanni whipped up for us I felt that his and Leo's service was so good I had to write about it. these waiters swept around the room so smoothly making my experience here one to remember. we aren't here for any special occasion but given the service we were, I feel like we are. they started us with the most delicious pieces of zucchini and finished us with a lemon cello. definitely  recommend this place to anyone who loves a nice Italian meal.
I tried this place out tonight with my husband for our anniversary. I am so glad this place lives up to the hype. I just moved to LiC a few weeks ago and I have to say this restaurant is a great addition to the neighborhood. The food was delicious and well prepared; the service was impeccable- from beginning to end-the prices were decent for a restaurant of this quality; and the courtyard was so romantic! I had a bottle of Barbera wine, barata salad, ravioli stuffed with Italian mushrooms and truffle oil, risotto frutto di mare, and Tartufo for dessert. And they added in homemade limoncello and grappa on the house. I love this place and our waiter was so pleasant, we will definitely become regulars!!
Went to Il Falco last night. The food selection is truly authentic Italian and was extremely satisfied. The waiter was very knowledgeable and personable. They gave us free limoncello as well. I will be back for sure. Very nice outside setting as well for when the temperature is good.
Fabulous new addition to the Long Island City.  Service over the top. Food, delicious and presented beautifully. My husband spilled his wine, and the waiter took his shirt and cleaned it in the kitchen as another team changed the table cloth, all with smiles.  We had the specials, the Bronzino was great, the special ravioli, succulent.  My husband enjoyed the veal special and all of us enjoyed the dinner. When you arrive the chef sends over a yummy Brochette,  The Tartuffo dessert was reminiscent of Te Scalini in Rome.  We look forward to going back and enjoying another exquisite meal.
My new favorite place!!! I can't say enough about how satisfied we were with every part of our dining experience.  The service was exceptional.  Very attentive but not overbearing. The food was outstanding.  The homemade pasta, prepared in the dining room, was fantastic. The desert was prepared tableside.  We had fresh fruit with Grand Marnier drizzled on top and the home made cream was exceptional. We can't wait to go back!!!!
We just came back from Italy a week ago and have already been to Il Falco twice!  Can't rave enough about the incredibly delicious food and friendly staff. Our absolute favorite new restaurant! We will be back over and over.
First, the service was exceptional. Second, I can't complain about the complimentary appetizers (yup, more than one!). Third, the pasta dishes were very well cooked and sauced. I highly recommend the sea food black linguine special. Fourth, the veal with spinach and cheese was awesome. Last, but not least, tiramisu was so great! It was the best I have ever had. I give five stars.
Every now and then I eat somewhere that reminds me why Anthony Bourdain has the best job in the world.  This is one of those places.
Well I have to say from the minute I walked in I loved it.  the service was great it's beautiful but the food OMG the food was DeLISH  there were 10 of us so I got to taste a lot of things the veal Parmesan was a bone in cut and it was delicious my lobster just a little spicy,  perfect!  just as described. Also delicious the fish unbelievable fish the pasta's were superb creamy delicious you really have to go and try this place.  They have an amazing chef who's  from IL Mulino, in Miami you need an appointment to go there but this place is assessable and not expensive really for the quality of food. Need I say more
Fantastic meal; deliciousity abounds.   Great wine list with reasonably priced options and wonderful food options.  Despite being full went with the tiramisu to complement the house limoncello.  Again, deliciousity abounds!!   We'll be back.
So happy to have this great restaurant on my street. Went for dinner on 9/2 and the food was top notch. Split several pasta dishes with my wife and they were all excellent - the orrechiete and cappelini in particular. Burrata appetizer was fantastic. Free bruschetta to start and limoncello after the meal is such a nice touch. Service is far above the standard in LIC, it seems really there are too many staff but most are highly professional and know everything about the menu. Cant wait to go back and make this a regular place - by far the best Italian restaurant in LIC.
Went there tonight for my mother in laws birthday. The service was top notch and the food was amazing. My father in law had the monk fish and declared it the best fish he's ever had. I had the mushroom ravioli which was delish. My mother in law had the veal chop which she finish and she never finishes her meals. She said "i'm so full but I can't stop eating, it's so delicious!" The service was impeccable, all the staff was super attentive and our food came out piping hot. So happy to have this addition to the neighborhood. We will definitely be returning soon!!
Great food and excellent service.  Very friendly waitstaff/ownership.
Went last night with 3 couples. Every bit of food was absolutely flawless. From apps to deserts... Everything was well prepared . A spectacular meal. The service is exemplary and the staff just amazingly attentive to every detail . Tuxedos bring an elegance to this new LIC find. Just making a new reservation for even more friends in 2 weeks. Can't wait ! Bob Ungar
Wow, worth traveling from Manhattan for the delicious food. I live near Il Mulino, but its generally out of my price range when looking for a place to eat. Il Falco has an excellent selection of meats and pastas, along with a tasty Nero D'Avola that I thoroughly enjoyed.
Amazing!! Everything we got was delicious! Chicken parm, penne alla vodka, and a special with lobster cream sauce!!
We love our Saturday long lunches whilst our 17 month old sleeps in the stroller after the trip to the park.  Last Saturday we visited Il Falco and we were not disappointed. A very large menu and certainly more staff than guests when we arrived at noon.  The free bruschetta was delicious and the Italian wine we chose was fantastic.  We couldn't quite decide what to order so decided to start with oysters whilst making up our mind - brilliant decision, they were superb.  Next we shared the shrimp and the calamari.  Whilst the shrimp were amazing, the calamari was tough (but we cannot complain as the observant staff swiftly removed from our bill).  Next up we shared a portion of the lobster spaghetti - absolutely awesome, finished at the tableside, the best lobster we have had had since moving to NYC three months ago.  We then shared the rack of lamb (also finished at the table).  Again a fabulous course and even though we were completely stuffed we managed our way through a shared tiramisu.  Complementary (and I believe homemade) lemoncello rounded off our meal.  The baby woke up just as the dessert arrived.  Amazing food, fabulous service and varied menu.  We are very glad this new restaurant has opened very close to our apartment.  My only complaint, it should be open on Sunday afternoons.  Being British, we love long Sunday lunches and this is an ideal venue.  I say close on Mondays when most people choose to eat at home!  Put on an Italian style set lunch and encourage the locals to come with all of their family - something LIC is missing!  See you again soon Il Falco!
Now Il Falco is open in LIC.  WOW!  The atmosphere is crisp and clean...old world Italian elegance.  The food, service, staff and atmosphere was top notch!  High-end Italian food with a loving flare!  It is a must if you are in Queens!
