ICK Ok so when I first moved to the city I was given a book of NYC bars and was particularly excited about checking this place out. I assure you, any pictures you see will make this place look 1000 times cooler than it is. At first it was ok, then I realized all the decor looked like it had been done half assed with cement or caulking or something. It wasn't very busy which was nice, until i realized it was all middle aged after workers (no offence to anyone) getting too drunk and humping on the floor in a 3 some, trying to cut loose... it was gross, all around. The bartender was a douche and the drinks were lame. Lame lame lame. If you go here and find this place is not for you, walk next door to meet the johnsons
Came here for Friend's bday party, got there around 1130PM on a Saturday night. No line yet (thank God! go there before midnight so you don't wait 30 minutes in line to get in!) Pros: Good music, decently priced drinks ($5 tequila shots, $5 beers) Cons: GETS TOO PACKED around midnight to 1AM,  long bathroom line that extends to the middle of the dance floor.. how awkward (I waited 20 minutes). Overall, it's a good place to stop by early in the night but def. wouldn't go during peak-hours.
Oh man.. where do I start. For the latter part of my college years, we ended up here every two weekends. Why? No clue. It was just a go to place. Went back there two months ago and nothings really changed. The line to the bathroom is still very long. For some reason, the mens line is longer than the ladies. Funny thing is, the music is STILL the same as when I went during my college year. Some old 50 cent and Kanye. But eh, still a fun place.  Hookah is like all the city prices.
This place overflows after 11pm or so on the weekends so beware. Drinks are cheap, crowd is crazy, music is catchy and I am drunk. And that is usually all that I remember in the morning after a night at La Caverna.  I hate hooka and this place doubles as a hooka bar so I took off a star for all the fruit-flavored smoke huffin' and puffin' that was going on here.  I don't understand the concept of "hooka."  Do people just do it to see what kind of oddly shaped smoke figures they can make?  It tastes and smells GROSS!  Another star taken off because the bathrooms are teeny tiny and because there is always a slight armpit-stench at this place.   The management is noice.  Good guys are running this joint.  Always accomodating and friendly. Note:  A random Irish guy who was in the U.S. for an internship at the U.N. befriended us outside and sang my best friend happy birthday and "for she's a jolly good fellow."  He was awesome.  I still have no idea who he is and can't remember his name, but he made our night at La Caverna just a little bit more special.  Cheers!
We got there at about 2:30PM on a Sunday afternoon and there was a 20 minute wait. It is, if nothing else, popular and conveniently located in the middle of East Village. The space feels dark and a bit cramped but the charm and liveliness of the atmosphere ultimately saved it. We got a perfect little table squeezed in the back near the open windows and were there for more than an hour. I was worried the waitress would forget about us but service was spotless. I wasn't adventurous and went with the Norwegian salmon on bagel dish but there are many many other options. The only complain I have is really with the bathroom which needs to be maintained and cleaned ASAP. And there are only two for such a busy place!
Yikes.  My boyfriend says he wishes he could give this place "negative fifity-seven stars."  Yeah it was pretty bad. First, the place was completely empty.  Counting my group of ten and the three completely inattentive waitstaff/bartenders there might have been 15 people in there on a Thursday night. There were only THREE flavors of hookah to choose from: mango, apple and strawberry and we all agreed that the hookah was a little harsh. The food was also TERRIBLE.  BF thinks it was the worst food he has ever paid for on the island of Manhattan.  My "panini" was breaded, undercooked chicken and slices of red peppers between two pieces of bread.  No cheese, no mayo, no nothing.  Chicken, pepper, bread.  Bf said his pasta was over cooked, as was the shrimp. Decor was horrible.  Seriously, wtf were they thinking when they designed this place?  Cheesy cave decor, cheap linens, a fertility god statue in the corner... It was downright bizarre.  And ugly.  Also kinda creepy.  DJ also SUCKED.  Hard. Core.  Plus, he wouldn't take our requests when there were only a few paying customers in there. Lychee and pomegranate martinis were good. BFs bourbon on the rocks was rocks with a splash of bourbon.  For nine dollars. Needless to say, I will NOT be heading back to La Caverna anytime soon.  Yeesh.
The concept is an underground cavern, get it? The interior, with fake rock walls and a pseudo-waterfall, is cheesy. The music is bad, the crowd is bad, and the beer and wine selections are face-meltingly bad. The two things in it's favor are that it's pretty big (yet somehow still stuffy), which makes it good for groups, and the liberal door policy. Not recommended. There are many, many better alternatives in LES.
Do people really attempt to eat here?? Wow. Ok. I go to dance, plain and simple, and grabbing a $5 bottle of beer and getting down? Well, sir. Count me in. don't come expecting frills. It IS pretty much Top 40 and the DJ doesn't like to stray away from that. The crowd is so-so...so don't come here trying to meet your future husband/wife. (Do you really want to tell your kids you met their mother in La Caverna??) I use this place strictly for Ladies Nights...where we're just looking to shake it and have a good time. No more, no less.
Ehhh...this place is just okay. The cave theme is kinda cheesy. The drinks are really cheap here so that is one plus. (ex. $6 crown shots) Only one bartender for the whole bar though...grrrrrr!!! Great for those wanting an extremely laidback scene. There is music but not much dancing here. They also have hookah available...
I came here on a Saturday night and my experience is similar to what others have described in their reviews. The drink prices aren't too bad (for New York) but the crowd is a mix of creeps and barely legals. The people I came with love to dance but it started to get so packed they couldn't move around and we left. Probably won't be back.
Hello Yelpers. Last night me and two of my girlfriends came here after a wonderful time at Verlaine's. We got off to a good start as the bartender was very friendly and accommodating. I went to use the "women's"  restroom and the cleaning "guy" entered right after me. I immediately was alarmed but decided to be a good sport. I figured he has to get his job done. I took forever inside of the stall to buy time for the guy to make his exit. I noticed he never left so I reminded him from within the stall that this is a woman's b-room and I am not comfortable with him in there. He claimed to not understand English but once he got the hint and decided to leave the bathroom so I could finish, he says, "don't take long" (in English). Literally 20 seconds later, he comes back in the bathroom, closes the door behind him and leans on the door. I asked what was his deal, freaked out and stormed right past him. Once I had re-entered the bar, obviously frazzled, I started yelling to my girls what had just occurred. A guy, who I am assuming was the manager, asked me to lower my voice. I couldn't believe that this was his response. So I spoke up some more. He then kicks me and my girlfriends out, tells us to never come back and made the bartender return our money to us. Still confused about what exactly transpired last night. Was this manager a misogynist or a racist?? Or both? Two things I am absolutely certain of is a man should never be in a woman's bathroom while a woman is using it. PERIOD And secondly, La Caverna does not know how to treat their customers. Therefore, please avoid going there at all cost. DO NOT SUPPORT La Caverna!
I've been to this place a couple of times and granted the first time it was a combined total of 10 minutes, I still have to say this place is pretty decent. Don't have any high expectations though. I think it's pretty typical for a LES average bar/club. The setting is a cave (albeit, plastic and fake looking) but you can generally get a seat on a couch and get some cheap (sort of) drinks from the bar. There's also Hookah but beware it's HORRIBLE. Get it to have a hookah, at least there'll be something to do at the table. The music is Top 40 with few frills and surprises. Clientele can be a bit seedy but still manageable. I think overall, I wouldn't come here if I wasn't in a "let's just go to a dive bar/club in LES" kind of mood. Generally, though, I think it delivers what it promises.
La Caverna is unique in that it's designed to mimic a cave.  Otherwise, it's just like any other bar/lounge in NYC.  Limited seating, pricey drinks, and an almost adequate DJ. Speaking of the DJ...  While I always appreciate a DJ who plays a plethora of top 40, one of my largest DJ-related pet peeves is when songs are repeated.  And, not only were the songs replayed, but 1.) they were played within an hour and a half of their initial plays and 2.) in pretty much the same order.
I've only been here 2x, both times for a friend's bday, and I had a great time! They have Happy Hour specials until 10 PM !!!! I missed it by a few mins but didn't mind paying $8 for a Jameson + Canada Dry because the bartender made it so strong I was good on 1 drink for over an hour. As far as the food goes, I can only comment on the bruschetta...it was pretty good, although a bit small and pricey (6 pieces for $8). I read a few reviews about sketchy/ frat guys preying on ladies but I haven't witnessed that when I was there so maybe it depends on the day and crowd. WATCH YOUR STEP ladies, especially if you're wearing stilettos because there are stairs leading down into the cave...it's dark so it's easy to miss one.
The other reviews are accurate, 90s pop music and current hits. Fun if you bring a large group of your own friends, and just want to dance. Low rating because even the straight shots were watered down to the point it was very obviously not Jack Daniels, and the lack of any hangover I have today. Stick to the beers so you at least get what you pay for.
Plus one star for the sweet cave atmosphere, the hookahs, and nice areas to sit around the room. Another one for the sing-along classic party tunes, I was trying to leave at 2am and kept saying to my friends "okay one more song, one more song, i love this one". Plus a third for the bartenders who were actually quite nice despite being swarmed on all sides by drunk 20-somethings. Minus one for the rough bodyguards---one guy pushed a customer all the way across the dance floor to the door, knocking them through every person in the way Minus another one because of the wierd hoovering drunk guys. Side Note: This place gets packed; I had to wait outside for about 10 minutes but the line moved quick. Once I got in i ended up spilling my drink all over myself on the dance floor and dropping my clutch, loosing my lip gloss and a few quarters in the process--but this could have been a combination of my clumsiness and the jostling crowd. I enjoyed both my visits to La Caverna and it makes for an excellent ladies night out to dance.
The happy hour and drinks here are good enough, but the food and service are problematic.  For starters, the "theme" at this place is lost on me: Cave decor, italian food, hookah.   The menu itself is not so bad, save for the fact that almost every dish is some combination of tomatoes, cheese, starch, and protein.  The bruchetta I ordered, with gorgonzola and grapes was rock hard, cold bread with a very thick layer of crusted over cheese and a few grapes.  It wasn't edible.  The portobello mushroom antipasti was passable, but again it was completely smothered with goat cheese which totally overpowered the dish.  One pro: There are plenty of vegetarian options. The waitress brought out the wrong dish for one of our friends, and was quite visibly ticked off with bringing her the correct dish.  She made several comments under her breath and was generally absent from the table for most of the night.
I actually really liked this place - it's cute and does look like a cave. We didn't have a problem finding space to dance, and the bartenders got us our drinks quickly. I'm concerned by the reviews about racist comments being made, that's unacceptable and hope the management did something about it. If they're still discriminating, it's not a place I want to be hanging out.
As my friend said, "I like this place, but I'm not sure if it was because I was wasted or because I had fun dancing." Music was really good, and the dance floor filled up at 12 or 12:30am.  A couple of the girls I was with were creeped out by some of the guys "leering" at them. (Props to Alyssa for co-Yelping on this one). She noted that they weren't the "let me buy you a drink" crowd...just the "awkward conversationalist" crowd The dancing was fun, but the waiter cleared my half-finished drink TWICE.  The drinks were expensive enough...but I guess they make their money when you buy them AGAIN.  To be fair, the did give me a replacement when I asked for it at the bar.  Should I hold their over-attentiveness against them?  I'm not sure, but I would like to enjoy the entire drink, and not just the part in the top half of the glass.
The place has a cool setting, the drinks are priced well, the music is good( if you are drunk). The crowd here was pretty lame, alot of creepy euro guys. I got asked for cocaine twice, but the calamari wasnt chewy, so that makes this place ok in my book. would i go here sober for a good time? absolutely not.
We were at la caverna and my friends clutch was stolen by a fat latina guy in an orange and white striped shirt and jean shorts it is a nice looking place but too crowded and they dont put any AC on for a basement bar it should be much cooler in there kind of a safety hazard do not set anything you own down in there unattended you wont see it again
This was the fourth spot that my friends and I hopped to on a Friday night. Positive: no cover charge, good ambiance, good music, GREAT DRINK PRICES! I somehow only spent $21 for three rum and cokes, I was in awe. Also not at all jam packed which leads to my next note... Negative: there was hardly anyone in here?! Maybe for some reason it's hotter on a Saturday night.. and not that I want to be sardine-d with many people.. but a healthy crowd is always an up. Maybe it's just a hit or a miss. My friends and I had a good time though, and ended up staying until about 3am.
TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I made a reservation for a bachelorette party and they lost it.  The owner was insanely rude.  There was a a crazy bouncer by the bathroom that was so macho and was literally pushing girls. Completely inappropriate for him to be touching people.  I was shocked by the people who work there.
Across the street from Fat Baby, which is convinient if you want to bar hop. Decor is unique and kinda cool, but the music isnt very good. I only had beers from here, $5, special on sat night. the place is a little too small and and not enough bartenters.
Came here after Delancy.  It looks cool and drinks are reasonable but I'm not necessarily sure I need to go back.  There was dancing and a decent DJ
I don't normally venture south of Chelsea, nor do I frequent bars that don't almost entirely cater to the straightees, but may I say, I was obligated to go here for a friend's birthday party, and I wanted to go and see all my college peeps, but I didn't expect such a fun bar. The music was so G-A-Y, i.e. no hip-hop and rap, thank the lord; it was all house-ish, remixes of stuff from the '90s. The drinks were inexpensive, and the bartenders were pretty quick to cater to you. It wasn't too crowded, but when I was leaving around midnight, I noticed herds of Indians walking in, probably because of all the hookah (I'm guessing, since that's how it has been in my experience). i also enjoyed the small dance floor at the back. It seems like  heavy post-college scene, i.e. YOUNG... I doubt I'd be back her by choice but it's not as bad as the reviews led me to believe it was.
If FAIL could be personified in a bar, La Caverna would be a runner up.  Granted, I do like the space, and the music usually isn't terrible.  However, the douchebag contingent is high, the drinks are poorly made and the food, from what i'm told, is inedible.  Considering that there are hundreds of other chill bars in the LES, La Caverna is certainly a place to be missed.
I visited New York for a friend's birthday and they decided to come here. Some friends had come early and was already inside by the time my two friends and I arrived. We waited in line and the bouncer would not let one of my friends in with her real ID and told her it was a fake. The friends that were inside could not leave right away because they had already ordered drinks and there was a $30 minimum for credit cards. After explaining to the bouncer that the ID was in fact my friends, he said that it was her but he still didn't want to let her in. RUDE!
uuum yea,  If I wanted to suck at life and hang out in a cave, I'd join the Taliban.  This place is still open???  Just close already so your bouncers can go back to picking things up and putting them down.
It's hit or miss, I've had really fun nights and meh nights here. If you are in the mood for dancing in a crowded downstairs bar this is the place for you. They generally play good music and the line moves fairly quickly. Drinks are average for the LES, but the credit card minimum is pretty high (something like $30?)
If you want to drink $5 beer, dance to some Top 40 and get hit on by a parade of Manhattan's most ridiculous men, then La Caverna is for you.
cheap drinks. good music. i'm in. questionable crowd but i only come to dance and hang out with friends so I dont mind.
This place has all the allure of a theme restaurant.  If you enjoy Planet Hollywood, then you'll love Planet Caveman.
I really like the interior design in this place.  I went on an early Thursday night and it was almost empty, which to me, was very nice.  The prices of drinks and the hookah were very good, I would go back for sure.
Terrible experience at La Caverna. Got there after we had already done some substantial drinking for the evening, which would typically mean I was ready for anything and bothered by nothing. Nothing, except, as it turned out, La Caverna's terrible terrible bartenders. I ordered 2 beers and a mixed drink when I got in and was informed the price would be $19. I offerred up my credit card to pay and asked the bartender to close it out (since I wasn't planning on staying for long). She rudely informed me that she couldn't close out my card on such a low tab. She also didn't inform me of what their credit card "minimum" is. Not to mention, bars aren't legally allowed to charge credit card minimums of more than $10. My friend said this and she immediately whisked the drinks away, splashing me in the face with one in the process, screaming about how she didn't have to even serve us if we were going to pay with credit cards because she only likes to accept cash-paying customers. Again, this is illegal. You cannot discriminate against customers based on their choice of payment unless you actually are not equipped to take credit cards. Anyway, long story short, I was there with a group of friends, and I wasn't about to just walk out of the bar, so I told her, after waiting 10 minutes for her to circle back to us, that I would keep my card open to avoid any further problems. We ended up dancing for a while and forgetting about the incident, and even ordered 2 more mixed drinks on my tab. TWO. Strangely, then, when I went to close out my tab later in the night, I found they had billed me for $54!!!! They had included a 20% tip, they had WAY overcharged me on the second two drinks, and I was too tired to cause another scene, so I just signed the miscalculated bar tab and left. Part of me really wishes I had put up a fight over that tab, but at 3:30 am, it just didn't seem worth it. So here I am instead telling all of you Yelpers out there to avoid, avoid, avoid La Caverna AT ALL COSTS. I have never felt greater regret after a night of drinking than I did after last Saturday night at La Caverna.
Have you ever had a friend just out of the blue tell you that he/she didn't want to be friends anymore and you have no idea what the eff you did to piss that person off? Well, it's never happened to me before. Until last Friday night. For 2.5 years, I unconditionally endorsed and campaigned for this LES establishment. Regardless of the shady characters, who would hit on any moving object, that infest La Caverna, I still found this place consistently fun and dependable for a good evening. But that is going to end here and now. Maybe it's true what they say;  all good things must come to an end. Sadly, I cannot even reminisce about La Caverna right now without wanting to throw air punches. Story: my friend and I were sitting at a table with 2 vodka sodas. A waitress came over to warn us they were starting to clear the tables to create a bigger dance floor. When we turned back to our table after talking to her, a busboy was standing there, collecting our glasses without asking if we were done with our drinks. My friend's drink was still more than half filled with liquid. I went to the bartender, who, though he looked skeptical, gave me another drink. Fast forward to an hour later, my friend and I had moved to the bar area. We ordered a new round of drinks. Just as my friend stood up to head for the restroom, the bartender snatched away her newly ordered drink AGAIN. Fact: the drink were visually close to us and clearly ours. I waved him down to tell him that they strike out again. His response: "I'm tired of comp-ing your drinks." WTF?! He accused me of scamming him out of $7. Have you any idea how much moolah I've funneled into this place over the years? You know what I AM tired of? I am tired of forking over a dollar as tip every time some D-bag behind the counter fills up a cup with ice. I have never been so insulted in my life. I of course wanted to get the eff out of there asap, but he refused to close out my tab because it hasn't met the credit card minimum yet. (We paid with cash earlier for the very reason of wanting to avoid the $30 minimum, but one drink led to another and we eventually ran out of cash.) After minutes of arguing, he folded. I had half a brain not to tip this D-bag, but he could see through my tactic and refused to return my card unless I signed the receipt (aka leave a $9 tip). I wanted to storm out of the blasted place, so I signed it, but not before leaving some colorful language on my receipt. The bartender grabbed the receipt from me, read my Dear John note, and said "that's not nice." You know what is not nice? The memory of my last visit to La Caverna. Have a nice grand closing. This is mean-spirited, but I feel 100% justified in saying the things that I did. First you rip me off, next you insult me, and then you blackmail me into giving you a huge tip. I would rather get punched in the face instead.
okay this is definitely the new le souk. love this place.  no cover.  hookah.  music is good (not great), and the decor rocks out.  those couches are very meltable (meaning you just melt into the couch). i don't like how crowded it was at 2am or how the bar was so big and yet no one was really at it.  more dance floor please. love this spot.
Nice place
A group of us girls were looking for a night out and a good place to go to. I suggested La Caverna because I had heard about this place before so we thought we'd give it a go. Here are my pros and cons. CONS 1) VERY HOT even without dancing    (it was extremely crowded and felt like it exceeded its person capacity) 2) Only two stalls in the woman's bathroom    (considering the size of this place and the amount of ppl there, there should be more especially since the line forms almost smack dab on the dance floor) 3) We got a table and was told I needed to open a tab to keep it which, was no big deal since I was planning to have a few drinks anyway. However, once the crowd comes in, your waitress is very rarely around.  I mean I understand she was probably helping the mass of people there but if thats the case then they shouldnt hold the patrons debit/credit card because that restricts us from going up to the bar and getting our own drinks. Its not as if we had bottle service where having my card wouldnt have mattered. We were there nearly five hours and I saw her twice. Thank God I have cool friends that covered me. 4) Music was just ok. Very pop-ish but after a few drinks everything becomes dance-able :) PROS 1) Decor was really cool. Reminded me of when I went to the caves in Barbados, lol. 2) Drinks were decently made and fairly priced for the city 3) Despite my con about the table above, having the option of getting one without being committed to buying an overpriced bottle is nice 4) Staff was very friendly. From the bouncers to the DJ. 5) Loved that the bar was in the center allowing ppl to order from all sides. Not once did I wait longer than 5 minutes to order and thats with the influx of ppl there. 6) Lastly, although there were only two stalls in the bathroom, the bouncer placed in front does a pretty good job of ensuring its not chaotic mess. All and all it was a good night. Would I return? Yes. Its definitely worth it. Even with the few inconveniences I mentioned above, no place is perfect and these cons were nothing in comparison to the uppity places I have been to in the past.
dear la caverna. i came upon your establishment a little past 11. the crowd was aplenty, the drinks were flowing .. but the music was lame. i don't consider myself to be too young for most kinds of music, but at (the cusp of) 25, i needed TWO dr peppers (think irish car bombs with beers and 151 instead) before i had a good time.  can we save the early 90s music for the stragglers at 2am? you did have its shining moments though.  you did have decent priced drinks and had me going on the dance floor for an hour or so with music closer to 2010.   to all new patrons of la caverna, aka batman's lair, be advised that it WILL be packed so try to get there before midnight. P.S - verizon users should have no problem getting cell reception. no dead zones here!
this place a trash infested $hithole.. but i kinda liked it. i wouldnt come here on my own unless i was going to a party. definitely not the place to stop by for a chill drink. bathrooms are horrid, music is too loud and is stale, the airconditioning is lousy and the patronage sucks. i had a good time because i came here for a friend's birthday party, smoked well packed hookah, had a table (which kept a lot of the riff raff from stepping on our shoes) and danced our a$$e$ off.. on the table. so we had our own little private debauchery hole to hang and celebrate in. most of the crowd is the type with a lot of hairgel and white beaters protruding from under their half buttoned shirts. drinks got me drunk though, so i dont think they dilute their vodka. risk: this place is a hellhole full of greasemonkeys and slobs who make it their business to spill their vodka-cranberry all over your white skirt reward: hookah and lots of ketel will help you get through it
not sure why everyone dislikes this place. i went her for a friends birthday last weekend. the music was good. i got in for free. the tequilla shots were large and in charge. crowd was diverse. and the street meat on the corner was fabulous. so then why not 5 stars? i don't remember this place being very memorable.. if you know what i mean. it was a good night, but nothing sticks out. just another bar with a dance floor and hooka and table service, but this place had no grit to it.
This is a love it or hate it place. Some people love the crowded, heat-emitting bodies dancing in an underground cavern with sweaty elbows jabbing you as you dance and get into your groove. Some others don't. If you haven't guessed, I'm not the biggest fan of a lounge/dance floor where you can't adequately dance. I think also walking outside in the pouring rain, and dancing inside with wet feet ruined my experience.
things that i liked about this place --- a.No cover charge b.Pretty cheap beers 5$.. the well mixed drinks are arnd 10$ c.They serve hukka. d.The crowd is pretty young which some of you will mind .. but i am 23 so all good..
I went to La Caverna for my birthday with a few friends. Honestly, I felt that it was disappointing all around.  The decor/atmosphere is a little cheesy and doesn't mesh well with the music or the food.  The food was mediocre at best (um, the mashed potatoes were instant...WTF?) and the service was slow and not particularly friendly. There are so many great spots on the LES...I'd just skip this one.
NO COVER. Went on a friday night around 2am. No line, still crowded inside, great music. Has hookah. Surprisingly not that hot on the dance floor (considering it was literally a 100 degree night). Good crowd, everyone up and dancing.
We came here for a friend's birthday party, and I must admit I felt pretty important when we got in and other people who were there for a different birthday party didn't.  This is one of those mandatory coat-check=super, super crowded type of places.  It was so packed. Good Goodness.  I got bumped and pushed so many times I thought I was going to slowly lose it.  The bathroom line was ridiculous.  You really have to think ahead on that one.  At one point, they even put a bouncer back to manage the bathroom lines. Kinda nuts.  But! The thing that got me...no, not the over-priced drinks but rather the music.  Oooooh! I looked at pictures the next day and we definitely had ourselves a good 'ol time!
interesting setting...like your in an underground cave..cute.. loved my date idk the prices haha it was diff..i dont remember the music...it was deadd the night i went weird...
i see alot of people complaining about La Caverna?? why? i had no problem you don't have to pay a cover to get like most damn clubs/bars in NYC and you can get in have a good time the bouncers at the door are very nice and don't give you crap unless you are stupid drunk and falling all over. i came here with my friends for my birthday and i had a great time! i ordered a hookah and got a bottle which wasnt too much for NYC which came out to like 280 or so. if you wanna have a good time and good DJ they play alot of the top 40 Hits and some old stuff which is a good mix of all music def come here and have a good time!
This place is basically a bar that wants to be a Disneyland ride. Probably Pirates of the Caribbean. The DJ on Saturday night was slightly worse than my iPod shuffle feature. The only redemption? Cheap drinks.
My crew and I used to hit up La Caverna almost EVERY weekend back in '05-'06. The drinks and decor aren't spectacular, but the familiarity of the place made it that much more inviting. After a nearly half-decade-long hiatus, I went back to Caverna for a friend's birthday shindig. That stop of the night was sandwiched between a wedding and another friend's birthday, so I intended my trip there be a quick in-and-out, just to show my face and make it onto one of the numerous Facebook photo galleries (to prove to my drunken friend that I indeed did show up). There was still a line at 1:00 AM, but Caverna's really good about making reservations/parties the priority. Upon entering 'The Cavern', I noticed that the decor still gave off that cool-but-just-for-the-first-10-minutes vibe and all the memories of years ago came rushing back. I remember that corner - so-and-so puked there. That couch is still here? So-and-so definitely puked there. The best part about Caverna is that the crowd is always in party-mode. It's one of the few places where there isn't a 'bored' section. Not surprising because the crowd is filled with youngsters with the freshly-turned-21 glow, waiting to get their rage on. I'm only in my mid-late 20's, but there was definitely a feeling of seniority in there. Let the old man through; he's headed to the bar for some warm milk. Everybody was dancing, drinking, hookahing, slurping face. Ah, to be 21 again. All in all, the night wasn't bad. I entered right at the peak of the night without having to go through the boring hour-long phase of waiting around for everyone to get drunk. You just need to have the right mindset when hitting up Caverna because it's one of those places that can be really fun if you make it out to be.
I was going to my brother's friends birthday celebration with him & my best friend late night because he had work. I heard some pretty good reviews about it from my brother in the past so I was looking forward to it.  When we got there, we had to wait maybe 10 minutes outside of the door but it wasn't a big deal. We got in faster because we had 2 girls and 1 guy in our party. (Note: the better the ratio, the better).  After getting in La Caverna, we went straight to the bar. No credit cards were being accepted but again, not a big deal.  3 shots of Grey Goose for $24? Not bad at all. The rest of the night was great. Good music, Semi-decent drink prices, dancing. Altogether, I'll definitely be returning to La Caverna. Gotta love places with no door cover!
haha i went a few years ago and back then it sucked. very tiny dance area and the hooka is gross. (i'm not a hooka fan) so i dont wanna smell of any kind of smoke. its nasty. to me it just looks like a dump. not my type of bar.
A nice fall-back choice if we're looking for a place with dancing, good music (hip-hop, pop) and no cover in the LES.  Granted, you don't want to come to Caverna at the beginning of the night.  You need to get good and ready for it.  First off, it's always extremely crowded, and doesn't let up as the night goes on.  Second, there are only a couple of bathroom stalls so you're guaranteed a long wait if nature calls.  It doesn't help that the bathroom line generally snakes onto the dance floor.  But with those caveats, Caverna is a fun place for dancing and I've generally been pleased with my experiences there, enough so that I've brought various groups of out-of-town friends who were not let down.
ehhh. When I saw the website for this place, I was really excited about hitting it up. When I got there I was even more excited following the stairs down into the dimly lit basement. The crowd = FAIL. The food was alright.  Service was okay. Would i go back again? possibly..but it wouldnt be my first choice.
I celebrated my birthday party here during happy hour times. I packed most of the bar and received nothing but complaints from all my guests. The moment my guests walked in the bartender yelled with attitude to show ID. Didn't even give you a second to say hello to a friend. The bartenders were snobbish, clearly unhappy working there, did not have one smile on their face. Not friendly AT ALL.  It wasn't busy yet it took 20 mins to take a drink order.  Same bartender asking for I-D 2-3 times for the same person just to give a hard time.  They tried charging people more money then what they said.  They tried being very slick and giving wrong change and convince you that you gave a smaller bill then you did. How many times can you make the same mistake? They are not accomodating at all.  We asked to put the music up and they gave a rude no when we were the only people there.  We ended up rounding 30 people and leaving the bar because we had about enough of their horrible customer service.   Come here if you want to deal with attitude, get played, and have an unpleasant experience. Their manager knows how to run a business to the ground. Never coming here again!
Came to this place on a Saturday night. Looks like a cave, super crowded, 'hip-hop', reggaton & top 40s. I can't say I had the worst time because I came with out-of-town girlfriends that love to dance. But there are MUCH better destinations. This place needs to ventilate better, it was hot and gross in there. Wasn't in love with the crowd either.
The Nightlife: I've been to La Caverna many times.  The first time I went it was a great experience but every time after has been slightly worse and it's gotten to the point that now I'd rather avoid going there. There's nothing intrinsically bad about the place.  The pros are that venue is unique given that it looks like a cave - and hence the name - and I also like the fact that you can get a hookah here.  The drinks are average priced and the music is good and you can definitely dance to it but the dance area could be larger. The cons are that it can get pretty crowded - the kind of crowded where people bump into you and either spill yours or their drink on you - and the lines for the only two bathrooms can get ridiculously long - even for the guys.  This is also not a shirt-and-tie kind of place so if you come straight from work you'll be pretty overdressed.  Ultimately this is a club for college kids.  If you're older than 25 you can come here and probably have fun but chances are you'll hate everything that I hate about it.   2/5 stars for my current experiences here as a 28 year old and 4/5 stars for my former experiences here when I was 24 - I guess that averages to 3/5 stars?
Drinks were really not that good.  Sausagefest.
Bar in a cave! You go down the stairs and you come to a big cave which is full of people on weekends. Almost like a night club but still a bar.
love this place. reliably great music and always a great mix of crowds but the downside is that it can get very crowded and extremely hot and i think the credit card min was kind of high so bring cash or use the atm near the entrance
This place is a cool concept with the whole underground cave vibe, but I definitely came here at the wrong time.  Looking for a place to go on a sunday afternoon with two guys and we decided to come here for the cheap hookah.  We walked in and felt kind of weird going underground to a place with literally no one in it.  The bartender was super friendly and said they had just opened which explained why it was so empty. Sunday specials- $3 bud lights and $10 hookahs.  Definitely worth it if you're with a group.  I'd come here on a rainy day.  The hookahs are the little caged ones, and you can tell the quality is just cheap. The only thing that would bring me back is to try this place out on a weekend night for dancing and drinks, because the ambiance is definitely the coolest part of the whole thing.
This might not be the upscale typical NYC club but know what you're getting into beforehand.  La Caverna is a simple - underground "cavernous" feel w/ top 40s music, bar, and hookah.  And because it's underground, keep in mind that you will not have any cell phone reception.  However, I have to give BIG UPS to one of the workers who cleans up after everyone's messes.  I had dropped my phone minutes after we got in and my battery detached from the phone and was missing.  After searching for a good 10 minutes in the general vicinity, I gave up and didn't want to dampen the mood.  Then, this guy comes by sweeping trash up and he's got a flashlight on him and I ask him if he could just keep an eye out for me.  Over the next 3h, I catch him scouring the floor on his hands and knees with his flashlight desperately trying to help me.  I repeatedly tell him that he doesn't have to try so hard and that I don't mind staying till closing and I was pretty sure it'd turn up then.  The guy was super nice and continued to search for me.  Finally, 3h later, he finds my battery deep against the wall under the couch.  THANK YOU, SIR!  I didn't catch your name and tipped you with whatever I had in my wallet but if I'm ever there again, drinks on me.
Been here about 3 times with a group of friends and got table service. The music bumps it up to 3.5 stars but service can be pretty slow though servers are attentive. A good place to dance, chill out, and hookah.
I have some fond memories of La Caverna from a few years ago but this place has changed dramatically and not in a good way.  The sweet smells of apple tobacco still greet you as you make you way down the stairs but once you enter the cave you are transported to the exact opposite why people move to New York or why they go out in the LES and not Anywhere, NJ.  From the people to the music, this place is a shell of what it once was... of course if a shell meant it was totally B&T.  I am pretty sure the DJ, although I use the term DJ very loosely here, was playing NOW! That's What I Call Music Volume 3.  In the 5 mins I was there I head such hits as "I Like to Move it Move it," and "Who Let the Dogs Out."  Hit up the TGIF Fridays in Paramus if you are looking for the same experience without the hassle of NYC traffic. To top it off you get no cell service so no one will be able to get your texts for help or savior. Never again man... Never again...
came here after happy hour ended at Libation and we had a great time! We had a couple of hookah pipes for our party of 6 (apple and mango - yuuumm!!) and took advantage of the $4 beers and $5 cocktails. the best part about this place (besides decoration that keeps this venue true to it's name - with rocky facade walls and wells/fountains) was the music. the DJ was working it! i will definitely be back for more hookah, happy hr drinks, and music! only i would come here a little earlier since the place does get pretty packed and all the good seats (with sofas) are all taken even early into the evening.
Yes the cave theme is cheesy, but it works. The night I popped in they had a great DJ. I enjoyed hookah and cheap drinks with some friends. This place has a great vibe because the scene is very mixed.
I finally checked off one of the items on my y'all bookmarked list when I visited. La Caverna is pretty creepy when entering. I came about 9pm on a Friday as upon opening the door I didn't hear any noise. My friends as I skeptically walked down the stairs to enter a "cave". (This is why it lost one star. Only one way in and one way out.) The bartender was friendly. What I liked is that everyone on staff their serviced us. Probably because we were 1 of 2 small parties at the time. We ordered drinks and food. Bartender made us her favorite drink which wasn't actually on the menu, however it was tasty. I ordered the lamb sliders which tasted horrible!(lost another star). We asked if the place was always this dead and she so as no if doesn't really start forget crowded until around 11pm midnight. I will have to visit again.
Worst place ever to have your birthday. bring in 20+ people, mainly girls, spend quite a lot of money at the bar and then when 4 friends arrive a little late they won't let them in cause they switched to club mode???!!! really?! not to mention, the place was empty and there was no line! what kind of place do they think they are?! anyway, we left, and it totally spoiled my night out. thank you la caverna!
I came to La Caverna for my sister's birthday and was intrigued by the space at first sight. I think the concept is pretty cool and different for an NYC spot. However, the crowd got very raunchy real quick and I soon realized I was surrounded by college kids, probably on their first night of freedom the way they were dancing and "freakin" each other. I was also not as drunk as the rest of my group, so that may have skewed my thoughts on this joint. The shots were fine and the music was good. I would go back.
i met some of my girlfriends here last night. when i found them inside (after getting cut in line by 15 glittery females -- for reference, please see picture #1 of 9 up top), i was told that we were here for my friend's TEEN TOUR reunion. and that's all you really need to know about la caverna's clientele. AND it was SO FREAKING HOT. after an hour, when i literally thought i was going to faint, i managed to get man-handled by some of murray hill/northern jersey's finest. the air does NOT move because (a) everyone is producing so much body heat and (b) the place is filled with hookah smoke. another thing i didn't like: every single song the DJ played was one of my favorite top 40 literal-dance songs, so i had no choice but to interpretive mime dance the whole time. ugh. the DJ knew me too well without knowing me and i didn't like it one bit. in short, this place made me want to stab pencils in my eyes... to the beat of usher's "yeah."
Truth be told, I was egging my friends on going to the Double Down instead of here. But, like, girls with heels... they don't wanna walk "far".  And, apparently, that was too "far" after a dinner at Sons of Essex.  It's like, ladies.  Flats.  Oy.  Chalk it up as a hopeful fun night that we ended up here. And, really, there were some redeeming qualities. The Manhattans?  Great!  The girl with the black hair and short bangs... they packed quite a punch.  Now had they been in a normal sized drink glass and not an oversized shot glass, even better, and probably a decent amount of me sloppier.  But I appreciate anyone who can actually portion out a good Manhattan.  And, really, I only ordered them because the prices, while not terrible, were high enough to make me do a cost analysis as to what would give the most liquor punch for the least amount of Washingtons (or Lincolns, or Benjamins, take your pick).  Manhattans, you win. But there were bizarre things.  Like, the music.  I loved it.  A quality mix of 80s, new stuff, some "Timber", some dance jams.  Whatevs.  No 1-minute snippets of fun songs, which is a practice I hate among DJs.  I was thankful.  However, the crowd seemed not to get into it quite as much as I would have liked (or as much as they should have).  Weird.  Or maybe I have terrible musical taste and the DJ was striking out with each click of the Itunes?  Who knows.   But more bizarre was the constant flashlighting by the staff.  What were they looking for?  Drugs?  Glass?  Vomit?  Dead bodies?  Pots of gold?!  Who knows.  You would have thought NCIS was in the house (come on and let me hear you say way oh WAY OH.  But what they were looking for, and what they found?  THE WORLD MAY NEVER KNOW. But I did like the interior.  It reminded me of the caves in Phuket.  But, there, the ceilings were lower, and we were on inflatable rafts.  I like boats.  And I like caves.  Small spaces don't frighten me.  And La Caverna's spaces were large.  BOOM. All in all, not a favorite, but not terrible.  Dance your pants off, biznatches.
The concept is cool.  It's the patrons that ruin it: there are too many of them and they are d-bags.
I feel like La Caverna is the binge-drinking cousin of Rainforest cafe and Mars 2112 (RIP). I contemplated giving this place 2 stars because I see the appeal if you're a drunk 21-year old, but then I bumped my head on a fake stalactite and changed my mind.
Everybody was eating here...seriously and this was at 1:44 am on a Thursday night.
Walking in, it felt like I was back in California - totally laid-back, and, well, yeah, not totally sharp & dressed-up looking. Going with the Cali vibe, everyone was friendly, though, too. Even the bouncers, when you left outside and had to be let back in ahead of the line. There's a bar in the front and a little dancing area in the back, with hookah and vip tables on the sides of the dancing area. We got the vip drink service and it came quickly and the vodka tasted super easy. Oh, and cus of the lighting everything was red. My asian friends bragged that no one could see their asian glow, but to me it just characterized the bar. I may not remember the sofa placement or bar decor, but give me that reddish glow lighting in that basement, and I'll know I'm back there.
Cool place to hang out for a couple drinks. Does get very crowded at late hours which can leave you fighting for some personal space. Decently priced drinks for the area, blonde bar tender is the best- I swore after my second round she knew all our my friends drinks which made things a lot easier and she prepares them the best!
Came here on a fri night without actually having in mind to visit this place. To our surprise, we had a good time. At the door they were picky of ppl's attire, (mainly guys) and downstairs they had a mandatory $3 coat check. I dislike places like this but what can you do? We mainly came here bc my friend wanted hookah. Therefore, we were able to get a table. You must provide a credit card and ID for your table so you can order drinks and hookah. We did buy drinks but individually at the bar. So if you are in a large group and decide to use their table service make sure to ask what is the deal with individual payment. Unless you want to charge everything to a single card then its nbd. You always want to hear that the service was impeccable but this place brings it to a diff level of annoying. The waitress came over at least 5x during a span of 45mins. Not sure whether I should take that as annoying or attentive? You decide. The music is what got me! They played a variation and really had us dancing since the min we walked in. It wasn't overly crowded which is always appreciated bc you don't want to be smelling what the person nxt to you has been drinking all night. If in the area and in a need of a place to chill this could be a possible option to consider.
it's decent but I still think there are better bars in lower east side... the plus is the hookah at the tables but the downside is that you smell like flavored tobacco for hours on end... the music was okay... mix of old hip hop and pop... nothing exciting. Be ready for the crowds though.
Bridge and tunnel, college crowd. It's a laid back ambiance and the staff tend to give you your space. There are two stall bathrooms which seem way too small for what this place can handle. Space is located in the basement and really sticks to the theme. Martini happy hour special is quite pleasant. Hookah is ok, nothing to rave about. A nice place to mingle with the crowd---especially when its packed--- or to come in with a large group!
fun place to go with friends... gets really crowded on the weekends... dj played top 40 and some 80's... waiting in line for the bathroom sucks, esp. for ladies... NO cover...
A unique and fun bar in LES. As the name suggests the inside looks like a cave, and not in a gimmicky kind of way but in a way that gives the place a great vibe. The bouncers here are nice and there is no cover. The music is great, and drink prices are standard. Overall a great bar with a good mixed crowd, and a nice break from the standard bar hopping
They have $5 beers and quasi chic decor. A basement bar/lounge that looks like a cave? How clever. The crowd gets really big and really obnoxious. If thats what you're looking for, its not bad. The night I was there, one of the bartenders looked like she hated her job, a lot.
It's a cave and there's alcohol and that's awesome. 3 stars because a $30 card minimum in the LES is not real.
I've been here a couple times over a past summer and I've usually always had fun, so I decided to come here with my friends this past saturday and celebrate my birthday. We came in around 10pm and the place was dead. so dead. but that's ok, because it was still kinda early. They had many tables open but all of them said "reserved" I asked the bartender what the deal was and she told me to speak to waitstaff and I did. I explained that it's my birthday I'll be having about 15-20 people come and if it's ok to take one of the tables. She said no, only if we get bottle service. Being as most of my friends are beer drinkers we didn't find it logical to spend the cheapest ($200/bottle) when in the end we'd probably just even out just buying our own drinks so we passed. My friend started to look around and noticed the people who were in big groups sitting at tables had this very VIP bottle service, but instead they were smoking hookah. So she asks the waitress again and tells us we can have a table if we spend 100$. ok fine, we do that. We get seated, and we all had tabs at the bar, only had ordered 1 drink at the point. We ask if we can transfer our tabs over and the waitress tells us No, the bartenders don't allow it, That we have to first close out our tab (which was a $30 minimum) THEN re-open our tabs with her. We didn't see the logic in that,  we had all ordered just one drink...$7/beer. We asked the bartenders and They give us a joyous "OHHH OF COURSE YOU CAN! No Problem!!" So we tell the waitress and she rolls her eyes. Hookah comes out, after 15 minutes SOMEHOW water comes up out of it and wets the coals. She brings out another one, AGAIN, after 15 minutes whole thing starts Leaking water everywhere. She comes over to us and Yells at us that we don't know how to smoke a hookah (we all own one at home) and we're wasting out time and messing everything up. After all that she had a good experience, she was a bit to get a hold of but the place was also packed. My only other complaint would be the bouncers....well, bouncer. One issue I had with them was they would not let my friend into the bar because he didn't bring a girl with him. Yup. So they made him wait outside until "space opened up". Furious, I go outside with a couple friends to find MY friend and for a cig-break. We find him, finish our cigs and go back, the bouncer tells me I can't bring a big group of people outside to smoke. I just said ok fine and went back in. Few hours later, we went outside again, since it was close to 3 am and the place started to empty out we figured it was ok. The second that bouncer sees me, he just looses his shit. Yelling at me about how he told me I can't come outside. That I apparently used this place as a revolving door and have been outside to smoke 50 times. I asked him to calm down, That i've been outside only twice, that being my second and that we just wanted some cool air from the literal sweaty cave that bar is. He continues yelling  that he will have me kicked out for being a smartass. My friend tells the guy to chill out and we walk away from the vicinity of the door to get away from him. of course as we come back he says something to me but i didn't hear it. he only thing i can say about this place is that it's great to just go and dance in. They have a good range of music, so go there and dance dance dance.
1 star for the decor, but that's it. I can't in good conscience, recommend this place for anything. This includes drinks, dinner, dancing, or even people watching. It's just too hard to achieve much of the aforementioned at La Caverna. There aren't a lot of nightlife spots that feature the kind of space that La Caverna is sporting. When it's not inundated with crowds (especially on the weekend), the red light district lighting provides an interesting ambiance - one that tends to overlay the blemishes from many nights of debauchery. Caution to all who decide to brave the joint during their peak weekend hours. Bodies are everywhere, sitting, some attempting to dance, but many are standing and making it hard to move around. Couple the crowd issues with a lack of decent ventilation and now it's a hot and sweaty mess. The staff haven't pulled much of their weight to make things better. Bouncers are the door can be a little harsh, but the poor bartenders who are overrun with drink orders and traffic at the bar are almost never in a good mood. That said, the cocktails aren't much to write about even if the prices aren't crazy. When it comes to places like this, sometimes it's best to come during the off hours. I came for an early group dinner with some folks from work and it was still an abysmal experience. We didn't try the hookah, but we did order a decent amount of their contemporary bar food, all of which was disappointingly bland. No thanks to the overcooked Caverna burger, the bland mac and cheese, or the sad shrimp risotto. The lamb sliders, chicken wings, and croquettes were overcooked, dry, and incredibly salty. There was a mention to our waitress, who wasn't able to recommend much else or seem to really care. Here's hoping they work their issues out, but considering how lackluster all my experiences have been, it seems extremely unlikely.
Good place to coke for drinks, but the cops came for their weekly review, and stayed for close to an hour. Defintely changed the vibe of the bar, but DJ and bartenders did a Great job to pic up the energy and vibe with the crowd.
Once upon a time La Caverna used to be a decent spot to go for moderately priced and drinks and a mix of 90s and top 40 tracks. The bouncers were somewhat friendly and the place rarely became disgustingly crowded. This was perhaps 3 or more years ago when the place was perhaps still new.   The one star is for the past La Caverna which is long gone and the decor. I still love the the lights, cave walls and seating areas. Recently, La Caverna has been a complete disaster from rude bouncers/bartenders to terrible music that could be outplayed by someone's spotify app. The bartenders are consistenly unbelievably rude and make the terrible drinks. I once ordered a beer and quickly placed the money down in cash and was going to leave a small tip but I guess I took too long for this impatient guy behind the bar. He reaches over and rudely taps me on the shoulder and makes a gesture to tip. Seriously? Where am I? I don't even need to tip! I could pour the beer myself or simply grab a Corona and leave the money. So so RUDE! I just walked away. That is not how you earn tips or win over customers. Perhaps the worst thing about La Caverna is the crowd of people just standing around everywhere. Does anyone dance here? There are times when the DJ plays popular 90s songs that get people excited and then still NO ONE DANCES. If you do spot someone dancing they're usually in the corner trying to start a dance revolution.   So I'm not sure what La Caverna is good for anymore. Rude staff, bad drinks, and no dancing...this doesn't sound like a good time to me.
interesting.... but not really my thing. it kinda reminds me of someone's unfinished basement.
I actually liked the decor. Yes it was cave like but comfortable.  I went early so the drinks were very cheap and there was seating available.  When it started getting crowded it was fine.  Nice crowd.  Enjoyed myself there.  Will probably go back.
La Caverna is a great venue for groups, special events and parties. It's a large space with a huge bar in the center. The interior of this place is pretty awesome; it looks like you're inside a cave (artificially made, of course). That might be the main thing going for La Caverna. Otherwise, it's hard to rate this venue as anything but in need of dire improvements. There's a lot that could be improved about La Caverna because it could be so much for what it offers. I've been here a few times, mainly for parties, and those times were really fun. I thought La Caverna was a great choice for a party. The only problem was, after a certain time in the evening, say after 11pm, it starts to get obnoxious. I have no clue what the bouncers are thinking by letting more and more people come in when it is already jam packed to the point that you can't even move or dance. And yes, they'll start to crank up the music loud at a certain point because they want people to dance, but there's no room. The music they play is good, and you honestly want to start busting a move. However, don't expect to stay at the party too long because people will endlessly start flowing in. I've had to unfortunately leave parties early because I just couldn't stand the crowdedness. If I want to be in a place this crowded, I'll reserve that for a club where I'm watching a live DJ or concert, but it's not worth it for a place like this. I've ordered drinks here, but after pushing my way through people to get to the bartender. Drinks are also a bit expensive. I don't think there are any happy hour deals on the weekends which is a bit of a drawback. In addition, the noise level is very loud, so this isn't the place for having intimate conversations. You will end up screaming into your friends' ears just so they can vaguely make out your words. Nonetheless, La Caverna is an interesting venue if you're looking to hold a party, but there are going to be a lot of cons that come along with it. Great place for dancing and going in groups, but not for the entire evening that it's opened.
SUPER tacky place. I mean, yikes- it's like a c-level rainforest cafe for boozehounds. Crowd is really weird too. Like a mix of people who are surprised to be in the same place. Nonetheless- somehow the drinks aren't crazy expensive so it's not all terrible. The bathroom is awfully creepy though.
I went here with just one friend on a Saturday night.  We got here a little early and it was still a very dinner/date-like vibe.  About a half hour later, the DJ got going and the music was amazing.  Definitely the best 80s, 90s and top 40 mix I've heard in the city. The downside is that it gets packed -- they don't stop letting people in.  Can't really dance if you can't really move.  Plus the crowd isn't really friendly (usual LES crowd).  I only saw one girl in jeans -- everyone else in short skirts or dresses and the guys were a little dressier, too. I hate the smell of hookah, so probably not the best choice for me, but I heard such good things about the music.  Might be more fun in a larger group where you can take up more space.
Friday night. It was a blast! There wasn't a line when we got in at 11 AM. Bouncers are nice! Stress-free getting in club. Diverse crowd. We even had hot Aussie girls that night. Otherwise, expect your typical NYC people. 20's and 30's. Wear almost whatever you want. Reasonable prices. Four friends finished with $90 including tip. We got beers, shots, cocktails... It was a good night. They include 15% tip in bill so you don't have to calculate it. I like bartenders here. They are quick and make good drinks. Great music. Crowd starts dancing at 11:30 - 12 AM and it gets out of control at 1 - 2 AM. You can dance all you want. The only problem was restroom lines are terrible for both men and women after 12 AM. Tiny stalls and bitches try to skip line. I had a good time and will return!
I always have a great time at La Caverna.  And yes, its major draw is the fabulous decor where I get to pretend that I am some sort of Batwoman incarnate.  The music tends to be a little too pop for my taste, but after about 4 scotch on the rocks, you can find me wild'n out on the dance floor regardless.  One thing that sucks about this place in a major way is the restroom situation.  Only one for us ladies!  Havent tried the food, but cant imagine that it would be all that fantastic.  And who wants to eat when they can do the robot or the electric slide anyway?
Place looks like a cave and can feel like a cave, temperature wise.. Depending on which night you come, the place can feel like a sauna or a freezer.  Tues - Wends good amount of people, not too crowded.  Thurs - Sat nights after 12am, expect the place to be packed and hot.  This place is a potential fire hazard if the basement if packed to the point where you have to touch each others ass to pass by the place and exchange sweat drops on each others arms. Table service can be pretty attentive, but when it's crowded, service can be slow. DJ can punch some pretty good top 40s, hip hop and classic pop jams from the 1990s.
eurotrash, hookah, and crowded.   sometimes this can be exactly what you're looking for, but sometimes not.  only come here if you want to be cramped into a "cave" and feel like checking your jacket in the colder months.
Want to dance in a cave all night long? Yes, La Caverna is the place to be! I had lots of fun here, both on Fri and Sat night, although Sat was more crowded. It was pumpin'! You go down the stairs into this room that looks like a cave. The ceiling are very cool. It was kinda warm in there so don't wear too much clothes. Drinks were not too strong, and the toilets were ok. You can do hookah, or you can just sit around if you are tired. No, there are no waiters who will tell you not to sit unless you have a table. Here, you can easily sit anytime you want and rest those tired legs from all that dancing.
Just. Don't. Go. I promise. From the extortion operation ring in the restrooms by the bouncers. (Our friend had his ID taken and they demanded $200 from him to get it back) to the insanely homophobic Large bouncers demanding a gender test to get into the bathroom to the girl who was clearly  About to throw up near my party. This place is awful.
i really enjoyed the atmosphere at this place, most people were young and good looking. The entire place is decorated really well and makes you feel like you are very far from nyc, also a benefit. I didn't try cocktails but my friends really enjoyed them, service was friendly and a bit slow, but its alot to ask for on a crowded saturday night. I wish there was more space to dance and bigger bathrooms, the womens restroom line was impossible.
As the name suggests... it's like a giant cavern.  My friend Pam put it best:  "There's a lot of texture."   My friends ate dinner there and said it was delicious. I showed up around 11:30pm for the dancing.  By 12:30 it was pretty full and the place was jumping.  The music, like the decor was really fun in a cheesy way.  Lots of songs from our teenage years (think Michael Jackson and Madonna) remixed, and lots of dance tunes from the early 90s.  The lounge-y area in the back looked like fun too.  I love the Lower East Side!
Oh la caverna. There's nothing awesome but always seem to end up here when In the LES. It has a decent sized dance area and old school top 40s. If you're not claustrophobic and those are what you're looking for, la caverna gets the job done. Drinks are average. The music is mostly old 90s/early 2000s. Like usher's "Yeah" it gets really hot....because it's a cave. I'm over this place. But let's be honest, I'll probably still find myself ending the night here.
I wish this place didn't remind me so much of Cave Lounge on 8th Ave... except way more packed.
I disagree with a lot of the negative reviews on here. The decor is pretty cool, imo, and it's definitely a change up from the typical bar/club scene. I had a fantastic time there. I came here for my 22nd birthday with a group of 12 friends. We had to take 3 separate cabs to get there, so some ended up there earlier than others. The last group (all guys) to get there had trouble getting in because the bouncers said they "needed girls to get in." I found that pretty weird. I didn't realize that this was freshman year of college all over again with the ratio. Anyway, when I told the bouncer they were with us, they were cool and let them in. When you first walk in, you really get the feel of the place. It looks like a party in a cave. People were dancing and having fun. I was surprised it wasn't more crowded. It was 11:30 pm on a Saturday night after all. Drink prices were pretty cheap for NYC. They make pretty good gin and tonics, so I was a happy gal. I really liked the DJ that night too. He was spinning mostly 90s music and some top 40 tunes. Overall, we all had a great time there!
Decent place to go to if you're in LES.  Drinks are reasonably priced and there's no cover.  The crowd here seems pretty mixed.  If you come earlier in the night (9ish) they have the lights on bright, but as it gets later they dim the lights and there's a bit of dance floor going on.  Not a bad place to go.
I really liked this place! I came here on a friday night with a group of friends. We found some seats by the bar which was cool. The place has a really interesting interior! It looks like the inside of a cave with glowy lights and cave paintings on the wall. Drinks were your standard Manhattan prices. We had hookah as well, not sure how much that was though. This place got PACKED!! 100% a fire hazard. Dancing was fun, everyone was just getting crazy everywhere. Mostly top 40, but some randomness at the end of the night with a little throwback hiphop and some spanish music. A warning to my fellow sexy ladies, there are a lot of creeps lurking here!
Really a pretty good time last night. Yes, it was crowded. Yes, there was an obvious boy over girl ratio. But you know what?  Going out with 6 of my guy friends and only 3 girls isn't a good idea anyways and the door policy was cool enough to let us all in. It was packed like sardines in there but boo-hoo to all the haters....i've been to college so I thrive in this type of atmosphere when it presents itself.
Unfortunately, I was dragged into this bar two times in my life. I hope those times never repeat. This bar is the ideal place for people whose musical taste has not evolved since junior high school. It basically caters to 20-somethings, who lament the fact that Sean Paul is no longer played on the radio. In a weird way, it is a nostalgia fest. But, it is also a meat market. That is, if you are looking for meat. Unfortunately, for most of these seekers, the lines to the ladies' room are non-existent, while the lines to the men's room are rather long. If you get what I am saying. The thirty dollar minimum gives you a great incentive to drink watered down vodka tonics and patron shots. Or, you could enjoy a fine 6 dollar Bud Light. That said, the prices could really be worse. Caves are known to be very humid. La Caverna is no exception. Caves are also known to have long lines to enter. La Caverna fulfills this stereotype as well. Caves are also known to attract the infamous bridge and tunnel crowd. La Caverna succeeds wonderfully in this department. Next time, I won't make the plunge into these depths.
Pretty cool decor. I liked the whole cave/cavern look, though it could've been done A LOT better, but hey, props for the idea. I went here on NYE and celebrated with a few friends. I wish we had picked a better place, but this wasn't so bad. The place was relatively empty - not shoulder to shoulder, which is not so bad. We got table service and paid extra for a bottle of MacMallan Scotch Whiskey and two hookahs for $300. Not bad I guess. Anywhere else and I'm guessing it would've cost almost twice that. Considering the weather, it wasn't too cold since there was an inconsistent draft from the door opening upstairs which cooled the place down enough, and the crowd was eh. There were plenty of men there which made it terrible, but at the same time, there were some cute girls. We ended up finding another trio to bring back to the table and ended up having a great time on NYE. The music was alright - despite all the talk about them not playing hip hop, they did play a lot of rap that night, so I'm not sure whether it was just tonight, or what, but I heard some played out rap (Lean Back? Really?) and some super old school rap which I thought was really cool. I'd come here again, but wouldn't risk putting my reputation on it by hyping it up and bringing a lot of people there. It's a nice place to graduate from your over priced soho bars I guess.
La Caverna on the right night can be amazing. The DJ plays similar music sets on various days, but the setting is cool. You feel like you are in a cave and the area is just the right size. Cool crowd on weekends
amazing what you can do with stucco!!! you walk downstairs, and you are in a big underground stucco cave/lounge/bar/restaurant. it's pretty unique. the bartenders are chicks with lots of tats, and drinks are reasonably priced. it would be fun to come here late nite, have hookah and lounge in the cave. it wasn't uber crowded when we came here (maybe 10:30 on a friday) but was starting to fill up. seems like the murray hill crowd comes down to la cavera to feel hip. haha! so funny. there were some interesting smells in some places, but that happens in a lot of bars. it's a valiant cave bar effort, and i think it works. nothing like it i've seen before, and it's a fun gimmick. i love gimmicks.
This place is great, but the service here is not as great. I had a bad experience with this one hostess, Tatiana (I believe). She ignored me and basically refused to seat me and kept running away because she was too busy with other patrons. She was completely rude to me and I won't be back.
Can't say I'm the biggest fan of this place. I have been here a couple times now and although it's an awesome space/decor, and they have hookah, the crowd is just kind of weird. I'd say this is a good place to come with a big group of friends. I'd probably prefer to hit up Libation or some other LES spot instead.
This is probably the tackiest bar I have ever been to in my entire life.  Decorated like a cave, this large space is an example of an idea that should never have ever come to life.  However, you can tell the bar owner has taken this place very seriously, even having bottle service (SERIOUSLY?!!?).  Playing top hits from the early 2000s, this is a sweatbox filled with horny early 20-somethings grinding up against each other. You know those bars that feel like they are full of underagers who they let in just because they wanted more girls in the bar, well this bar surely can claim that title.  However, not only do you have the underagers, but you have a bunch of creepy old men inside as well.  I have never felt so uncomfortable at a bar in my life.  But maybe, the crowd was an anomaly.  Even so, this place was so tasteless I don't think I could ever step foot in here again.  Drinks are $7 and they make you place a minimum of $30 on your credit card.  This is illegal, just so you know! If this happens to you, please report La Caverna to your credit card company (Visa will do something about this unfair play).   Bottom Line:  I don't think I would ever touch this place with a ten foot pole.  Only come here if you were raised in a barn, then you might enjoy it.
I went there about a week ago for a girls night out. Getting in was very simple, had no problems with the bouncers, actually now that I think about it, the only good hospitality that I got was from the bouncers. I go inside, alright not bad, I felt like I was inside a lemon merginue pie, not a cave, but sure, I didn't mind. We couldn't get a table because it was that full, once i spoke with the waitress about that, she literally just disappeared. Oook. So we got drinks at the bar and the hookah. Now when we got the hookah, green liquid started coming out, so I asked who I believe is the head waiter or manager, he yells at me saying I blew into the hookah and now the coal went out because of me. Ok, then get me another hookah, pretty simple. After that bartenders just looked at me not cleaning or helping out. Yeah I was done. I don't need some manager telling me what I've done wrong with a hookah, I've smoked hookah before. And up the service please. All I can say is, thank god we went somewhere else because it was ridiculous. Next!
I've had mixed experiences here. Some weekends it turns into a dance club and other nights it is a regular bar. I'm still trying to figure out which days it gets live. That being said, its a fun place with drinks. To get you have to walk downstairs into a "cave-like" room - as the name suggests. They have a few tables around the outer edge and a bar right in the middle. At night the tables are all magically "reserved" for bottle service. The drink prices are fairly average but they do have a $10 minimum. If you go on a Friday before 10pm they have happy hour prices for cosmos which is pretty great.
I thought this place looked really cool inside.  There weren't many people when we were there but the ambiance is different and nice.
Basement like dance floor that looks like a cave? yup, that's here! This scene is so 5years ago for me (yes, I admit, I am getting a little lame!) But, cheap drinks (that's right, $8/well drinks, $7/corona), good pop music and a great time with friends, that's all worth 3 stars!! This place is quite small, so don't worry about losing your friends.
The whole cave thing I just love. Even though it is hot as balls down there and really hard to breathe on the dance floor it reminds me of the clubs in Barcelona and is a fun easy place to go dancing with the girls. Drinks are reasonably priced for what is basically a club - $10 bucks for a mixed drinks and a bit cheaper for a beer or wine. Music hear is main stream - R&B mixed in with a bit of pop. You can't really go wrong, especially as there is no cover charge.
I was pretty intrigued by this basement spot. Given it's name I shouldn't have been surprised that the inside actually looked like a cave (in a good way Lol). The bar is in the middle of the room and there is a live DJ (that doesn't do shoutouts) so if you don't want a drink you can just get your dance on. There was a mix of songs like top 40, hip hop etc and the place got live and pretty packed around 12ish. Drawbacks - There was no where to sit. I'm not sure if this is how it always is but I came in on a Saturday night with a group of friends and the you could only sit down by a table if you were getting bottle service.
I can honestly say I very much enjoyed La Caverna and will come back when I have a chance.  The drinks are pretty descent priced.  I don't remember spending much money. The music is very good but the only complaint I have is that it was so overcrowded it would take just about 10 minutes to get to the bathroom and come back (because we were near the entrance) this made you not even want to pee! great decor and very diverse crowd!
I had the time of my life here.  STRONG drinks, only $8.  Win!  For drinks to be this strong in NYC is rare, let alone in a dance club.  Money well spent. Cool cave atmosphere.  Felt like I was in an episode of The Flintstones.  Great music.  If you're looking for house or hip-hop you probably won't find it here.  It's straight-up Top 40 songs that everyone knows the words to and that's what makes it so much fun.  A few oldies-but-goodies thrown in too.  They also have plenty of hookahs available. If you're looking for a friendly, non-pretentious place that's loads of fun, check out La Caverna.  I definitely want to come back for their cheap happy hour!
Grabbed a table with my girls at 10pm and stayed around until 11 for the party to start. Very mellow music before 11, and then the dance music starts to pick up. The hookah was really cheap, $10, and the drinks are decently priced. I got this drink called 'Altamira' and it was delicious! The 'dance floor' was packed, the people were nice, and we all had a great time! The best part is the cave-like environment: very cool!
I can not comment on how La Caverna  because they did not let me in on a Saturday night. But I can comment about the people who run this place. Utter rudeness and lack of sympathy. We decided to try out La Caverna - 10 of us, mainly girls. The girls got in and then the bouncer wouldn't let my boyfriend in with shorts. I finally got the manager's attention and asked him if he could let my boyfriend in. He said no and quickly turned away. At that point, my friend were all in except my boyfriend and I. And I was not going to leave my boyfriend while I tried to have fun. The internal emotional battle made me burst into quiet tears. The bouncers and managers weren't very sympathic at all. One bouncer finally came to us and firmly asked us to move off to the side. We weren't really blocking the way. But they didn't want people to see a sobbing girl near their place. NO way am I coming back La Caverna after how you treated me.
Perfect place to go....if you want to get ripped off and then insulted! Waitress took our order, brought our drinks and hookah and then 45 minutes later SNATCHED the Hookah off our table without a word!! Never came by to ask if we want a second round of drinks or anything!! For that, the place automatically charged a 20% tip and told me that its their policy to have the hookah at each table for only a half hour, the manager said "this is not a charity you can't just smoke it forever, if you want more you need to pay for it!" Talk about a manager trying to defuse a situation or even attempt to make the customer happy!!
The bouncers here are more racist than the "Zenith St Petersburg FC" Fans in Russia. Now my opening phrase might even be an understatement. My buddy and I (both of Nigerian descent) decided to visit this bar on a Friday night at about midnight - an idealish time to head to a bar in NYC.   We are both college grads and now work in the city. Upon arrival at the door, we both dug out our ids to issue to the then presumed "gentle men" standing between us and a delightful time in "the cave". We were shocked to realize that these bouncers had other ideas. One of them said "sorry you can't get in, you both need to have female companions to be admitted" 2nd bouncers goes: "we are actually only allowing girls in to even up the girl to guy ratio" - I thought this was a more logical response although both bouncers looked confused and were conjuring up ideas to deny us entry. As gentlemen, we decided to slowly walk away while yelping neighboring spots to go to. To our greatest surprise! ! Four Caucasian "fratboyish" looking dudes walked up to the door.  Two of them had on shorts. In the blink of an eye,all four of  these guys were allowed in and disappeared down the stairs and into the cave like the Flinstones. Only then I and my buddy came to the conclusion that"damn bro that was just racism at its peak" SIDE NOTE: Prior to this incident, I've been allowed to get in when hanging with my Asian and white friends.
the cavern decor isn't too convincing and the service is less than enjoyable.  the foods tastes alright, but it expensive and you don't get much.   the music was all electronica and not danceable at all.  must have gone on the dj's night off...
Weirdly enough, this place is actually reminiscent of a cave... except without the dankness and bats.  First, the bad part.  For some reason the bouncer wasn't letting anyone in when we showed up (I think around 11 to midnight) and my friend ended up having to grease him.  While I understand that lounges don't want overcrowding, there was no need for this.  Aside from us, there was almost no-one else outside.  Second, inside it wasn't so crowded that a couple more people would have made it uncomfortable.  Three, we had more girls than guys, so there was no fear of throwing off the almighty girl-guy ratio.   However, once inside it turned out to be really fun.  The drinks were overpriced, but that's kind of what you expect.  There was enough room so that you could get to the bar without any trouble, but it definitely didn't feel empty.  The bar was in the middle, and there were tables and places to sit, and plenty of places to dance.  Aside from some of the earlier hiccups, it ended up being an overall good time.
I was shitfaced when I came here, drunk and ready for a cool dance party, which La Caverna served up. The space is pretty large, yet the way it's set up you can still be intimate and be with a small group of people. The interior is pretty cool, as others have described and makes it modern/unique. I'll have to come again when my observational skills are a bit more keen, but I would definitely come here again. Only 3 stars because from what I remember the crowd wasn't amazing and definitely didn't match the coolness of the bar, and the bouncers were a tad mean, but that could change. I'd definitely give it another shot.
A decent place to go out at night. There wasn't a cover and going downstairs, there's a "cave" theme (as the name suggests). There's seating around the place, but it seems like people reserve those for bottle service or hookah. The DJ was rocking some 90-00s hip hop and R&B with lots of dancing in the back. Unfortunately, you do wade through that crowd in order to through to the bathroom, which is quite the adventure.
They have hookah, a bar, and a place to dance for ya.  So it's a one stop place for you if you can't decide what you want to do.  I think it's weird to smoke hookah there since it's such a loud partying place....doesn't feel too relaxing.  Not some place I'd regularly go to if I wanted to party.
If only I could remember... For some reason I was expecting to walk into here and it would be a small crowded place. Don't get me wrong, this place was crowded, good luck finding your group, good luck getting up to the bar, but the space was ample. The cleaning staff is great at coming over to clean up if someone spills, and the music was fairly good, In the back, away from the bar there is room to sit at a table with some friends. But don't spend your time wasted away sitting, this place is for dancing, so get on up and go there. This place had a line when I went outside to get some air. Also, it's in the middle of nowhere, so plan on cab hell.
dunno why people are so rough on this place--as long as you go in with the expectation that this place will be a bit of a "scene" and have the attitude of "i'm here to dance it out.  dance it allll out", it's totally great.  The music is top 40 and in crowd is mixed, casual, and generally okay-ish!  will def go back.
I like Chris K's review... very accurate. Lotta hooche, lotta B&T, very little style, and cheap drinks.  Plus lotta z-rock 100 hits.  Fun to dance, but after a while the stucko cave ceiling starts to feel like it's gonna cave in!
Came here a few times and was never too impressed. La Caverna is in the basement, and it's always so packed (and I start to feel uneasy, skeptical about the fire hazards of having so many people crammed in the basement of a bar). Overall, not really worth putting up with getting bumped into and squished just for this place.
I came here last night for a friend's 21st birthday party.  I could tell right away it's more of an exclusive place since we had to use "a name" to get in, the first time I've ever had to do that, though I've never gone clubbing in New York until now.....but hey, there was no cover to get in. The drinks here are STRONG.  I was already on my way to being drunk and could still tell that  they put lots of alcohol in their drinks, so I'd say prices are reasonable. The "theme" of the place is a bit confusing, but really, all I'm asking for is a good time, which I had.  Decent space for dancing and some good drinks...can't really complain!
Went there on a sat night.  Got there around 10ish and the place was empty but by 11ish it was packed.  It is very small and full of college students.  The music is mix but mostly early 90's.   Not a place i would want to go dance or to drink.
I don't really care about the other people here (lots of dudes, a good mix of decently beautiful women, crowded as hell, terrible dancers) But with friends, this place was really fun. Its literally in a cave, as the name suggests. Apparently this was an old "speakeasy" as it goes with the place underground after walking through a little hallway. I couldn't help but contain my enthusiasm as we trotted down the stairway and heard the bump bump of hiphop and house music. We made our way over to the bar and ordered up drinks ($5 a pop, not too bad), and eventually found a table (which the waitress was nice enough to give to us as long as we put down a card), ordered up a hooka, more drinks, and started the night. The music isn't too bad. While we were here (Saturday night), it was a mix of Kanye West, old hip-hop, some techno (not bad), and some old music (prob for the dance-challenged to just sing-along instead). While you may feel like batman in this bar/dance club complete with a fountain, if you come with friends you'll like this place a lot.
Well this place is okay for a place in the LES and its themed, you literally feel like you're in a cave.  Let me warn you this place gets so crowded, my friends and i had to relocate from one bar to this one because of complications with getting a bunch of guys in.   This place isn't pretentious, there isn't a cover, they have music and everyone dances so its pretty fun.  I had gin and tonics here and it was pretty good and the prices were typical for the neighborhood.  The only problem is, this place gets SO crowded, and I'm 23 - I felt a little old for the NYU undergrad student scene here, and I'm pretty sure a lot of them were pretty young.  It was unfortunate that the night I went here, the cops busted it, so suffice it to stay it was a pretty eventful evening. However, it wasn't a total bust, its the LES so there's plenty of bars in a 2 block radius.  My party just hopped on down the block to Fat Baby.
One star for a cool idea. La Caverna does look like a cave and that's pretty darn cool. However, the lack of air supply when you go down in the cave is ridiculous! It's hot, crowded, and its laughable how hard it is to maneuver your way to the bar, let alone try to buy a drink! I will never return to this place, even if we did have a table. Not worth it.
Can I give this place zero stars?  Went on a Saturday night:  the bartenders were rude, it took over 40 minutes for a hookah, and when we finally got one, it barely worked.  I would never recommend this place:  if you're looking for a place with hookah/dancing, you're better off at Le Souk or Kush.
I have frequented this place numerous times. Pros - no cover, cheap drinks, extremely chill and relatively good music Cons - crowded, poor ventilation, and atmosphere is ok When this place isn't crowded, it's ok.  But once it is, it gets so stuffy (I don't there is any AC) and you feel disgusting. Also it gets so noisy you have to scream at the person next to you to talk to them. If you're looking something in the LES with no cover, most of the time with no line, and cheap drinks, you may like this place.
This is a nice lounge. The interior is great and clean. I went there for my bday afterparty and the drinks are absolutely inexpensive and music was great with live dj! I will definitely go back again!
It's Friday night and I just get home from the Museum of Modern Art and dinner with a friend - it's early, 9:30p.m. to be exact. So, what to do? Hmm, I text another friend and she tells me they're all chillin here. I go and meet them here since it's walking distance from my apartment. You have to go down some stairs and it's really like you're in a cave. It wasn't too crowded once I got there and there were people still having dinner or just chillin at the bar.  They do have $5 beer specials - I got a Stella. There was a dj who was playing decent music.  We chilled for about half an hour and left. I might come back here just to hang out and get a $5 Stella.
One of my favorite places in the city! Always have a wild time here! It's set up like a cavern. Always good music and dancing. You can grab a table and smoke hookah if you don't feel like bustin a move. It does get overcrowded and hot in there sometimes but whatever, doesn't seem to bother anyone.
Have you ever had the feeling that you just walked onto the set of a Flintstones movie?  I have.  Yes...La Caverna pretty much felt like I was partying in something of a mix between "bedrock" and an underground faux cave but the aroma was quite interesting.  At first I thought they sprayed some really funky air freshener across the whole club but then I looked at the bar and noticed someone was smoking hookah?  All the different flavors added a mixed scent to the air. The crowd was certainly a mixed group: some balding older men, some fist-pumpers, some college age party goers and then there are the people that just end up there who were sick of waiting in all the other lines in the LES. The only thing that kept me moving was the DJ, he played great dance songs: Love like this, Give it to me, Murder she wrote...I felt like it was the soundtrack to "save the last dance" but it was fun!
Goodness. If you're 25 and over and you're planning on heading here I'd say to save yourself the trip and find another place. Unless you're having one of those super nostalgic moments and just miss frat parties so much that it's making your heart ache. Yeah, I said frat party. This must be the place that all the I-just-turned-21 kids come to. Throngs of wasted collegiate co-eds bump and grind to the underwhelming Top 40 playlist the DJ thinks is awesome. Once again, a disappointing DJ in NY. If you're looking to skip the part of your night where guys are so insanely drunk they've ditched their girls and are dancing with each other in a big group, then I'd suggest skipping this club, too.
I wouldn't say La Caverna is a terrible place, but its not a place I would frequent often. The cave concept is interesting, however I don't think it is executed very well. I went on a Saturday night around midnight and wasn't shocked to see a short line out front. However, my friends and I got in very quickly.   It was pretty packed inside and the beer area was a mad house but drink prices were not too bad. They do have a $30 minimum on credit cards though, which is ridiculous. The crowd the night I went was not really my cup of tea. It felt like a cross between college frat house and tourists who came to NYC looking to party. The weird crowd was not really that big of a deal though, since I was there with a great group of friends. I'm sure the crowd differs depending on when you go. There is also a $3 coat check available.   The DJ was pretty good and made for a semi- fun dance atmosphere. The bartenders were rude, unfortunately.
A-OK is all I can say.
This place have its up and downs. Some days you'll have this place jam packed and some days you'll be hearing cricket sounds. The music is on and off here too. They have pop and then they would put on music from I don't even know what century. (**) It's very nice inside considering the fact that lower east side bars and lounge are usually small. The bar is station as the center piece which really makes it stand out from other LES joints. They have hookah here, but I thought it was kind of weird you don't really have a comfortable place to do it. My friend was smoking at the bar, but we didn't even have a place to sit around it so he was smoking it over someone else while that person was ordering drinks. (**) Price is a bit high, but when you're ordering drinks would you really ask how much is this?
i came to this place for drinks for a friends birthday. when i first got into the place i thought it reminded me of my old frat house when we did the cave party. nice theme and all but the space itself was tight. not really sure why they call this place a restaurant since i didn't see any waiters/ waitresses and all the tables were reserved, i mean come on, it's a lounge, you should have at least 2 or 3 tables open at least. for the tables that were open, it was mainly just for people sitting down from dancing. the hookah was over priced, drinks i've tasted better mix drinks. if you want to dance, i suggest you reserve a table and just dance at your table cause the dance floor is just way too packed and people just spill drinks on you while they're dancing. i tried it once and that's pretty much it.
I had no issues with this place, perhaps b/c I went in expecting exactly what I got: a crowded hookah/dance bar w/ loud music. Luckily for my group and me we came looking for loud, danceable hip hop music and a hookah to smoke. The crowd was a huge mixture of different types and we ended up talking to several nice people. The bartenders were quick and polite (as long as you are the same). If you know what you're in for, this can be a fun spot.
Went for a friends party..way to crowded. They over book the place for 4 parties. Made everyone wait in a line..was no list. Very disorganized, the bouncers didn't care, rude. I dont see anything special about this place. Once down stairs, you could hardly make it to the bar. Not a place to throw a party. Not worth it. HORRIBLE!
This review is from my previous account and written in November 2008. I've been to La Caverna a couple times before and really liked the vibe of the place. I just came back from a night at La Caverna and my experience was HORRIBLE. My girlfriends and I got a table and hookah and were having a great time.  We noticed the bouncer walking towards us holding onto a girl and escorting her out.  As he walks past our table, he loses control of the girl and she falls RIGHT on our table, knocking down all our drinks and hookah, sending the coal onto my friend's shoe.  The bouncer quickly grabbed her and took her away, and the waitresses/busboys began cleaning up our area. We asked our waitress to replace our drinks and hookah.. 10 minutes later, she comes and tells us that she can't do it because we have to pay for replacements.. if we wanna complain, go to the manager. And the manager turned out to be an ASSHOLE. Telling us it's OUR fault that this random drunk girl fell on our table. When we pointed out that it was HIS bouncer who lost control of the girl, he said they weren't at fault because it was a random girl. So they never replaced our stuff and expected us to pay for it all over again. Never again, La Caverna.. never again.
So I really wanted just to go out , get some drinks and dance with some strangers,and I found La Caverna  quite good for it.I had quite an evening at the place,music was all right ,but dj did not have any music updates ,which sucks but nobody's perfect.It was really crowded but you still could find way to get into the bar and dance.The only downside of the place was that they did not have blackhaus.......All in all it is worth going over there and spending few bucks,and trust me you will have a good time.
I ALWAYS HAVE FUN HERE!! I can't remember a time I didn't. I've strolled in at 10, 12, and the most recent experience - 2 am, and ALWAYS had a blast! Yes it looks like a cave, and yes it can get packed, but I've never minded it. At 2 am, there wasn't a line to get in, but the place was packed. Ordering drinks was speedy. I can't lie though, you do have to be slightly buzzed to really get into the groove of things here. It's dark, its packed, it gets hot, everyone's dancing, and probably drunk. If you can't beat 'em, JOIN 'EM! The music is always on point, no edm for me so that's great! Not pretentious, never have to really get TOO dolled up! Sweat out some of the alcohol intake with some dancing. A plus, they have hookah here!
This place is awesome. When you enter you walk down a flight of stairs to a cave setting and a crowd of people just looking to have fun. In less than an hour I met tons of really chill people here without any of the usual new york pretentiousness I have come to expect most places I go. I went on a saturday night at 2 and while it was pretty crowded I had no trouble moving around or getting drinks. The fact they have Hookah is pretty sweet as well, its way less high school than all of the other hookah places I have been to in my life as a new yorker.
I stopped in on a Thursday night and it was DEAD. But, I didn't care. They played good music, offered strong drinks and a happy hour til 10 pm as well as hookah for $10. What's not to like?
a no cover crowded cave. Top 40s dance music- been here at least 4 times, not because i've had an amazing time here- just seems like this has become the default place to meet up when you can't think of anywhere to go...
Well the cave is pretty cool...theres fake stallagtites or stallagmites whatever you call it.  Theres a center round bar (which i always like vs a wall bar because they can serve you at every end)  Bouncer is pretty chill and cool, no cover.  no reception though.  some people were hookahing?  strange.   The DJ was alright. But at the end.. man this place is full of clowns.  the dance floor is full of dorky dorky dorky dorky weird white kids all grinding on eachother and getting nasty.  Near the end of the night a guy in shorts and a backpack came to hit on my friend.  I couldn't help but yell "DID YOU JUST COME FROM THE LIBRARY OR SOMETHING?"  Like seriously, wtf.  That kind of attire is unacceptable, but gives an excellent idea of the types of people who come here.
Points for being a cave with no cover. Anywhere I can dance to The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song is OK in my book. It gets packed and the crowd is really young. This place is more of a backup to a backup...with fun music to dance to!
Decently priced drinks, great music, can't go wrong. There was a good mix of people and it felt like you could be chill or dressy and fit in either way. We didn't stay long enough Friday night for people to start dancing, but I'm sure it gets poppin' later on in the night!
First response - love the decor. It feels like you're in a cave (pretty sure that's what they were going for). Reminds me of Howe Caverns in upstate NY. No cover which was ideal. Very, club like, pretty packed even before midnight. We set up camp with our group in one of the loungy table/couch sets ups where we chilled and danced the night away. Even as it was getting late, the music just kept getting better. Very mixed, think top 40s, little hip hop, light reggae, fat man scoop holler. Didn't love the crowd but pretty much kept to ourselves and had a great time. C'mon guys no means no. Def had a good time, not trying to come back every weekend or anything but will be back at some point in my life :)
Hear about this place as a nighttime club, but came early because they have a happy hour deal. Mon-friday, before 10pm is half off drinks. 3 dollar wines 4 dollar well drinks-- sweet! There's also food to order, and my friend got the lamb sliders, which she said were pretty tasty. This place really resembles as the name calls it, "A cave."   Dome shaped area, Stalagmites hanging around the ceiling, and lights aglow. Nice atmosphere to get some drinks and chat, before it gets "rowdy" Hoping to return one day to see how it gets late at night.
Great place for some dancing without having to wait in long lines or pay cover. Music is top 40 and you can't go wrong with that.
Ok, so I had a good time here. I swear I'm not that lame. It was mostly because there was good music, cheap beer, and fun friends. Arrived, the bouncer's arm was the size of my head... got down in there, beers for $5! YAY! Music that wasn't bad... and pretty hot guys... dancing the night away (despite how small the place was) did I mention there were hot guys? It was dead when I got in, but it picked up after awhile. The only reason I'd want to go back is due to the good amount of good lookin guys, otherwise, I'd go elsewhere. Went on a night that was Cash Only. Oh, and there is this guy that walks around with a flashlight to check the floor for water and broken glass... and it's INCREDIBLY ANNOYING. I feel bad for the guy, but seriously... when do you have to use a flashlight in a person's face to see the GROUND???
Food is a three...at best. Bar service decent. I've had a good night or two at the bar despite unfriendly door men with attitude.
I've come here 2x to go dancing with friends (summer & winter time) and both times I've had a lot of fun. No waiting, no cover, just walk in and start dancing! It gets really packed, but I didn't see anyone tryin to fight about space, everyone just turned this way and that and danced with everybody else. I'd go again!
This place is decent.  I agree with the other reviews...  It gets f'ing PACKED in this place.  Like you can't even move.  I expect this from most places in the city especially on a Friday or Saturday night, but this place takes it to another level.  Good luck getting to the bathroom from the bar. I've been here a couple times.  Both during happy hour and a couple night trips.  Happy hour is extremely quiet, but cheap as should be, and good to go with a friend or two if you're pre gaming, or just want to get twisted without a loud ruckus.  This place starts to get really busy around 11.  If I remember correctly, that's when the Dj starts spinning his jams.  I had no complaints about the DJ.  Played a variety of music.    Even a couple throw backs that I liked. People do tend to get out of hand here.  By that, I mean sht faced drunk.  It almost starts to feel like a college bar after awhile.  I gave this joint 3 stars because it can be fun, it's not that expensive, and there are a lot of hot chicks that frequent here.  Down side is, most of them didn't even speak English.  What's that about? By the way, don't order food here.  Horrible.  On a side note, I never really noticed the hookah smell in here that everyone is talking about.  Maybe I got lucky, because I can see how it would stink up this place, which already gets hot by all the peeps crammed in here.  Basically, you have to take this place for what it is: a regular LES bar with no thrills.
*300th Review* La Caverna, (Spanish for The Cave), is a lounge located in a basement, with a beige/grey color cave. I can say that I had a good time there with my friends and their gf's. The music was mostly top 40, with hints of old school hiphop,80's pop/rock. Here are the pros and cons of La Caverna. Pros 1.No cover charge. 2. Huge bar. 3..Reasonable beer prices ($6 dollars). 4..Hookah ($24 dollars) 5.Mixed Drinks. 6.Eccentric decor. 7.DJ. Cons: 1.Frat dudes. 2.Drunk 22 year olds. 3.Desperate people, (saw a couple make out and hands were on D, and T's were exposed in plain site,get f*c*ing room folks,or a bathroom stall). 4.Ignorant waitress, I wanted to order a hookah, but the waitress was a no show. Overall a OK, place to go have a good time. *(Insert "Party Rock" by LMFAO here)*
Come on, you get what you paid for.... which is nothing since there's no cover charge. This place is basically for a cheap night of fun. It can get pretty sleazy since basically anyone can get in, but I like to come with my girlfriends and just dance to whatever shitty pop remix that's playing on friday or saturday nights. It is what it is. I can't always afford to party at meatpacking district since I'm a poor college student... Don't judge alright?!
Was here for a friend's birthday. it is located in a very "trendy" area of the Lower East SIde.  There is some street parking, but thank the heavens if you find a spot.  There is also a municipal parking lot a block and a half away.  The elevator there is kind of creepy (we were two girls) so I wouldn't recommend a lone girl park too far up. It is pretty obvious that La Caverna is a restaurant by day, and bar/lounge by night.  It is not a big space, can fit maybe 50 people comfortably and 200 people if all squashed together.  That night, there were probably 250.  What a fire hazard.  We literally had to sexually assault each person we tried to pass, that's how packed it got.  And apparently they have no qualms with sticking so many people in one little room. The drinks are pretty strong, so you get your money's worth.  Be sure to grab your bartender's attention because even though there are quite a few of them, they are non-stop. There were hookahs available, but I didn't try them.  I did see a lot of people use them though. La Caverna also serves food, although I'm not so sure you'd want any since it's so dimly lit - how could you possibly distinguish what you were eating?! There was no cover charge the night we went.  There is coat check, but it is not mandatory.
I like this place, thers no strict dress code, NO COVER all night and good music(hip hop, top 40, sum dance) I love the decor, makes me feel like im actually in a cave.  The club is downstairs, the crowd is mix, it does get crowded but its a club what can you expect. Been there Friday and Saturday nights and i would totally go back. Dnt know about how expensive the drinks are bc i go already buzzed.
Why so much hate for La Caverna? So what if it is a grownup version of Mars 2112? It's still a good place to hang out with friends. I've been to La Caverna on two very different nights- Saturday vs. Thursday.  Saturday night was for my bday party and the place was pretty poppin. Definitely breathable and spacious but a big enough crowd on the dance floor to make it fun. Thursday night was more loungy and virtually empty. Nice because there were no annoying people around (minus the one geek who tried to peel on us at the bar) and my friends and I got to relax and smoke a hookah. Nothing but good times at La Caverna and I do love me some hip hop. Really folks, call it lame or whatever. I roll my eyes at the big name clubs and if crowded is what you want, Fat Baby and Verlaine are right next door.
I was here on a Saturday night, and I had a blast dancing although it got really hot in there. It was packed full of people. If you don't mind getting sweaty - go for it. At least the music was really good.
We were on our way to Laugh Lounge when we decided to stop off for some drinks. My friend had been here once before and liked it, and it was close enough so we went in for a drink. The place is underground and I was digging the look of it. Once we reached the bottom, we found some big nice couches and I did what I always do when I'm feeling comfortable - kicked off my shoes and sprawled across the couch. We had the entire place to ourselves since it was early on a weekday. So rather than having to go to the bar, the bartender simply called out and asked what we wanted. We ended up getting a couple of hookahs since we were feeling so loungey. I don't remember how much it was, but I DO remember it was more than twice the price of hookah in New Orleans and still pricier than LA. Our bill was around $50 with a couple of drinks. But I did like the space and enjoyed it even more with no one else around. The dancefloor looked pretty small so I imagine it'd be cramped during the weekends. But for a nice hit of hookah during the down times, this place is perfect.
I loved this place!!!!!!! It did get super crowded and was a sweat box by the end of the night. However if you love to dance the night away let loose on the dance floor here!
I demand there be bats in a cave-themed bar! Or at least Christian Bale.
I went here with my friend.  Intro: "Let's go to La Caverna.  It's like a cave." Ok. So, we went there.  Considering the mood I was in, which was pretty chill with no expectations, we had a good time.  The people there were an ecclectic mix of people.  Didn't make friends, just hung out with my friend.  One guy talked to me at the bar, another guy followed me around a bit, but otherwise I didn't feel too threatened.  The bar in the center is really big and takes up too much dance space so it is pretty crowded.  I didn't use the hookah but it looked pretty cool. The music was sort of retarded.  Many times my friend and I had to wait for a good song to come on.  It was a mix of house, remixes, etc. and the flow from one song to the next seemed to kill the mood. Also the line for the bathroom was really long, and it bleeds onto the dance floor. The crowd was mostly college age students, so I fit in.
This place has got to be violating some code.  It's packed to the nines.  Can't even pass through the crowds.  Your best bet is to pay a load of money and get a table.  The crowd is a preppy college-type crowd with a few old guys.   The crowds were a bit too much for me. I'm sure it was violating some fire code. *A good note, the staff is very helpful.  I lost a boot.  The first guy said that I should have checked it and it's my loss.  Then a nice waitress and bus person helped me find it!
Packed. One word that perfectly describes this place. It's gloomy, sweaty and extremely crowded on Saturday nights. Absolutely no place to walk and getting to the bar is a mission. This place is very easy to get in, no lines. Won't be going here again unless I really have no other option.
Lines And the Crowd will crush But the dance floor Has moments that will bring you back one night.
i went to la caverna for my roomie's bday.  immediately as we are ushered in, a huge blast of humid/rank/sweat infused air rushed up to greet us.  this cave was packed to the brim with people.  we wriggled into the throng, grabbed a couple drinks, and had a fun time dancing around until i realized that the "dance floor" was being monopolized by two couples doing the swing and some other inappropriate dancing that involved limbs akimbo and the backside of my head being whacked by stray elbows.  not cool.  3 stars because the venue wasn't as horrible as i've probably portrayed.
The staff was not nice at all and the waitresses don't really know how to take orders at all. Not to mention that while i was sitting there i saw a HUGE waterbug walk by...definitely not the cleanest place and the seats were all broken and beat up. Drinks were a bit pricey, pretty so so, but the overall cleanliness and service just made this place a no-go.
If you are a douche bag then you love this place. Skeezy europeans hang here along with Americans who want to be like them. Plus, their hookahs are a joke. The place is designed like total crap - who puts the bathroom right next to the middle of the dance floor? If I were the owner of this place I'd punch myself in the face over and over again (in between counting the money I've earned from all the d-bags who think they are being cool by coming to my spot).
Dancing can still happen in the rush-hour subway crowd-worthy crowds of La Caverna. Just don't expect to meet anyone posh or trendy down here. The cave-like atmosphere is cool unless you're claustrophobic in which case you will freak out at some point surrounded by the hoard that manage to get into the cave. The one time I ventured down here it was basically luck that allowed me to find my crew and subsequently lose the other ones I came with. There is no cell phone reception in a cave! And I got picked up by some ogre I was dancing with and the DJs photographed me so I guess I'll be appearing on some nightlife website somewhere out there. If you like that kind of seedy, collegiate-styled night out, or miss it, come down to the cave for all kinds of nostalgic fun. You'll definitely get scoped, maybe groped, and dance your pants off.
I thought this place was pretty cool ... the cave like atmosphere was different, drinks were respectably priced, the option of smoking hookah for $20 was legit, and good music  w/ people dancing yet not too loud so you're able to have a conversation with the person next to you.. that's about all I ask for in a place so hoping it doesn't change a thing!
Mandatory coat check ($3), minimum of $30 credit card charge needed, terrible sound system with an even more atrocious music selection. The bartending staff isn't friendly, the place is a bit dingy (the whole 'cavern' thing they have going on is pretty lame) and the clientele leaves much to be desired. If you want to get sloppy and dance to hits from Z100/KTU, this is DEFINITELY your spot. If not, steer clear.
Had a fun friday night here! Loved the decor/ song selection.
Tempted to give them one star for how freaking nasty and sweaty it gets in there. I was there late on a Saturday night, which meant it was pretty packed, but still no excuse for it to be sweltering hot. Cavernous, as the name suggests, with an oval bar in the middle and DJ and dancefloor are at the far end. Lots of tables on the sides, with lots of people smoking hookah. If you're sensitive to any kind of smoke, etc. like I am, avoid this spot since there are hookahs everywhere. Dancing is fun as the music is decent, but as I said before, gets sweaty as hell.. not cute. Cost of drinks is pretty average for the city-- like $7 or 8 per drink, but they're pretty weak. No cover. $3 coat check.
Honestly, I can't say anything about this place as far as whatever actually goes on inside, because I couldn't get in. Last night I tried to get in with 6 of my friends (5 of them were women, btw). I was wearing a leather jacket, long-sleeve dress shirt, jeans & black sneakers that look like shoes. So we get on line and my 5 female friends get in just fine. My male friend also gets in, and he's wearing a polo shirt, jeans & Converse sneakers. As I go to get in, the bouncer tells me I can't get in because, you guessed it, I was wearing jeans & sneakers and "we don't allow that here," as he said. At this point my male friend comes back out because he noticed I wasn't inside yet. Mind you, I was on the phone at one point so maybe they didn't realize we were all together. Whatever. So we begin to argue with the bouncer because I was actually better dressed than my friend was so the reasoning he gave me was bullshit. He also changed his answer to "your jeans are baggy." My friend was wearing skinny jeans, so really anything is baggy in comparison to that. My jeans were, in fact, not baggy. In short, I'll never be coming here again. Best part is my friend (used to) frequently come here with his coworkers, and none of them will be going back now either. Good job, bouncer.
Why is everyone so hard on the clubs the review?! I've come to La Caverna twice: once with a mixed crowd of about 8 guys/girls and once with a small group of girls for a bachelorette party. Both times everyone really enjoyed ourselves. Yeah, the cave theme is a little cheesy but it's also fun! Plenty of dancing on the official dance floor and elsewhere, but also places to just chill at the bar and near the door. There is some seating but don't count on it. Crowd is mostly 20's, not too dressy but not too casual. Music is a mix of rap/R&B with some pop and some house/techno/dance. No cover. No crazy big name DJs putting on shows. It gets full but not too crowded to move. Lots of people in from out of town, but mostly everyone just wants to have a good time. I've hear rumors of no credit cards, but mine was accepted just fine.
This place is perfect if you are a sophomore at NYU or are really drunk and want to smoke hookah. It can be fun, a decent mix of top 40 music, but I wouldn't go here again on my own unless a friend was having a party here.
IDK why everyone rags on La Caverna so much :( I mean, yes it's in a smelly basement and their decor is questionable, but the music is pretty good, the line for the bathroom was never terribly long all the times I needed to release myself, it's pretty easy to get a drink as well! Last time my forgetful friend forgot to close his tab and they had his ID and CC all wrapped up & ready for him - wahoooo!
Nicely decorated like a cavern (duh).  Music is good here although you'll never hear any hip-hop/rap.  There is a nicely sized dance floor.  The waitresses and bartenders suck here, coming to your table once an hour and getting offended and loud with you if you don't tip enough.  Drinks are well mixed here and the hookah is great too.  Drinks are nicely priced here but the hookah is outrageous ($25 for a pipe!!!).  La Caverna is always crowded though  with a nice balance of women & men.  There are always plenty of tables and seats for your group also.
Great party spot and the crowd is trendy. I've come here a few times on a weekend and the bar is always full at night! La Caverna is located in the LES, which isn't really my favorite place to party because the area can get too rowdy on weekend nights. As for the lounge, on weekend nights it gets very crowded and you will have no walking room at all. The dance floor is packed like a meat market and even standing by the bar is troublesome. I don't really know how people dance in here. It's definitely too small for the amount of people that inhabit the place. Don't get me wrong, I love crowded clubs and it's great when everyone is dancing, but it is a little annoying when people are constantly bumping into you when you have a drink in your hand. I wish they did a better job of crowd control, instead of letting EVERYONE on the line to get in.
amazing music + hookah + bff's = great saturday night. its legit a cavern on rivington. can get kind of crowded. go with your friends, get a table and a hookah and just dance. the crowd is unpredictable/eclectic but i love this place.
No cover, Fun, young, diverse and a good DJ but definitely bad customer service. The bartenders could care less about taking your order especially if you are not opening a large tab. Not upscale but not grungy. Just average so consider this a better pre-game spot than an all night affair.
This place is our go to spot. The crowd is a good mx, drinks are moderately priced and the music is always on point. Very good ambiance. Ill probably go next weekend...
Cheap drinks, drunk dance music, a ton of random (sometimes creepy) people to talk to - you can't go wrong with that on a random Saturday night. It's always my "go-to" when plans fall apart elsewhere. Plus, there's absolutely no cover and the bouncers are really friendly :) Warning: wear ear plugs if you can because the speakers are horrible.
Ive been here quite often and yes the music is good, but its way too stuffy inside and theres no ventilation considering how many sweaty people are in there and that they have hooka also. I was fine with the place until 7/28/12, when the bouncer denied me access to the lounge because he claims that my ID isnt me and insisted I get off his line while all my other friends walked in. the ID I used was mine and the picture was from a few years ago, but that shouldnt have been a problem because ive been to this place several times before. He started giving me an attitude and said "I dont care what you say the id isnt yours!" I was extremely offended to be called a liar when I wasnt even trying to lie. My friends even tried talking to him and he was still being rude. I tried to get back in like half an hour later and he laughed at me and told me to get off his line! After going back and forth about the ID being mine, he said " fine, its you. But im still not letting you in" !!!! What a jerk! I did nothing wrong but was treated like some underaged using a fake! Whoever the bouncer was had too big of an ego to admit he was wrong and ruined my night! All he had to do was apologize but instead he threw me off his line and gave me an attitude! The guy who was stamping peoples hands felt bad for me but sided with the bouncer even before looking at my ID. the bouncer had to have realized that the id was mine because why would someone be so persistent if they got caught with someone elses ID???? That bouncer had some serious issues and took advantage of his power.
Its a good theme, a walk down the stairs and you see a party in a hot cave. However it does get pretty wreckless somenights ie: vomit, blood and spilled alcohol
Love it here. Great dance scene.
I have been to La Caverna twice and both times I had a blast. The first time I came her was on a whim after getting pretty buzzed up at a dinner. We walked in around 11, got very affordable bottle service and a hookah. We drank, smoked, and danced. A fairly good night in my opinion. The second time I came here I actually planned it out for my birthday. I called about a week in advance to book a table and bottle service. I spoke with Nick a couple times to set everything up. We ended up bringing about 18 people, got 3 bottles, a table and they threw in 3 free hookahs for us. The service is awesome. Our waitress was attentive and brought us all the chasers we could handle (including red bull). What I really like about this place is that for a club, it is not pretenious at all. It is a place where you can get a table because it is more convienant and it doesn't break the bank. You can sit and talk or cut a rug on the dance floor. It is a great place to come with a lot of people and have a great time with friends. Overall, I would recommend this to anymore. It meets both needs of people wanting to dance and people that don't. It does get crowded, but not in an un-comfortable way that many clubs can get.
after a kickball defeat, all our team wanted was beer.  my keen eyes spotted the $4 happy hour sign and i was sold.  $4 bottle beers (sierra, guinness, corona), well and wine.  the grotto like oasis hidden in the depths on les was just what we needed to cheer us up.  heck a little mango flavored hookah didn't hurt either.  the staff were attentive and the little clientele they had at 7 were amiable.
I have no idea why they get such a low rating but usually when I go, I have a lot of fun! It's La Caverna! They offer hookah, clubbing and drinks for free. No cover and if it's your birthday, they can arrange bottles too! I like this place! It was easy to get a drink by the bar! Obviously there is going to be a wait... when you order at 12am in the morning.. -_- EXPECT THAT DUH!
three words: my worst nightmare. I came here with a few friends for another friend's birthday party. The cave concept  of this underground restaurant/lounge would be cool if not for the fact that the decor was cheap and plastic-ey a la the outside of the Mattahorn (sp?) ride at Disneyland. The place was super-packed on a Saturday night and they were playing a horrendous song called Miss New Booty or something. There were, I swear, 15 yr old girls wearing skanky Playboy mansion style outfits grinding with 26-32 yr old men with acne. Take my review with a grain of salt: I was there for 15-20 minutes before bailing. I was embarassed and had to apologize to my friends for making them wait in line/wasting their time.
Like... I'm not sure what this place is. I get the name - the place looks like a cave. But they also have hookah. And decent music. And a bouncer who's surprisingly not a dick. And expensive drinks. No cover either, which is nice. I hear this is where you go to pick up chicks at the end of the night. There were definitely a ton of girls here...
First things first, this place should be called La Broverna as I have only been here for dude's birthday parties. Place is always f'in packed with a guy : girl ratio of 5:1. No windows, so have fun sweating your [ fill this blank in madlib style ] off. You hear the music and and yourself the question "is it really 2009 because it sounds like its 2005." Nb: the bouncer tries to act like this place is all exclusive, always asking "who's party are you here for ?" and then rejecting you when you say "nobody's". If you really want to go here, just make up a name when he asks you. N.b #2: if you want to make out with the dj in his booth, it's possible to do so here, just ask my friend.
I've been here for happy hour twice. Their happy hour lasts until 10pm and they have $3 budlights, $4 beers and well drinks. Last night I sat at the bar, and got great service. It wasn't too crowded and the bartender was always refilling my beer. Very nice. The first time I came, I came with a large party and we sat in a booth. The service then was much worse. The waitress didn't come that often and I was sitting on the inside of the booth, so I couldn't get up and get a drink myself. So watch out for that. The decor is very funny. The bar itself is in a basement and looks like you are in a cave (hence the name). There are pretty friendly people all around and they had some funny stuff playing on TV last night. Not your typical sports casting, but rather a show where people were playing pranks on each other. Tru TV. Gotta love it.
If you're tired of the typical NYC bar scene, definitely check out La Caverna for a good change.  Incase you don't speak spanish, la caverna is Spanish for the cavern and the bar is just that.  Once you get through the sketchy enterance and down the stairs, you end up in the basement of an old building that has been transformed into a cave complete with stalagtites (see, I learned something in 5th grade).  A DJ usually spins all night and after everyone gets a few drinks in them, the middle of the bar turns into a dance floor.  I recommend going with a big group for some kind of gathering like a birthday party -- lots of fun!
This is definitely a cool place to show visitors or people who haven't been before, but after a few visits, La Caverna starts to lose its charm.  It is a good place to get down n dirty if you're in that kind of a mood.  Drinks aren't as cheap as some places on the LES, but it is a quasi-clubby feel so I guess they feel like they can charge more.  All in all, a fun place to check out for the decor, but not a standard drinking hole for me.
this place is decent.  they have decent music, plenty of hookah, and the bartenders are a little sketchy.
No matter what the weather outside, ungodly hot inside. Space is way too packed. They really need to limit the amount of people that get in on Saturdays, when you feel like a sardine. I've sat in the tables for hookah and still felt like people were sitting on my lap. Drinks are way overpriced for just beer/well drinks. I prefer Verlaine nearby, while still crowded, drinks are way more reasonable and it's not a sauna inside. Lack of cover is one redeeming quality.
very hipster kinda wanna be bar scene. very crowded...but decent music, and good inexpensive drinks.
Great bar/dance club! La Caverna is literally like a cavern/cave, pretty cool atmosphere. I've been here twice and both times the music was pretty good! The bartenders are pretty nice and the drinks aren't too expensive. The dance floor is pretty much everywhere you can stand but the main dance floor is towards the back of the bar. I would recommend anyone going here for a casual night to just have fun and dance!
Interesting concept. Decent quality. Worth going to drink and dance.
And the Pacha of LES Award goes to...La Caverna! High brow:  Nothing.   Low brow:  Everything.   Uni brow:  At least 3 in attendance.  Hope you girls had fun! The music is top 50 iTunes but we can dance.   we can dance if we want to we can leave your friends behind cause your friends dont dance and if they dont dance well they're no friends of mine say, we can go where we want to a place where they will never find and we can act like we come from out of this world because you're one far behind we can dance we can dance we can dance (fade)
friend:  SAUSAGEFEST. but a weird sausagefest. (on what La Caverna is like) me (having never been) : can a sausagefest ever be a bad thing for a single girl? and off we went. got there early with some good friends i had not seen in a long time, no line/no cover (cause it was literally empty there, save for one bachelorette party in the corner). $15 for two mixed drinks so pretty cheap. it got packed reallll quick (too packed, really) and yes, it was literally a sausagefest. at one point, save for the four girls i was with, i literally saw only men. and yes, it was really creepy at some points but there were some nice normal boys mixed in too. loved the music here. lot of top 40, with some old school - perfect for dancing. so, why am i rating this 4 stars? because i had a fabulous time here. this was very likely due to the people i was with, and not the venue but i cant knock it down just for that reason. best line of the night: same friend: is this a real cave?
As much as this club that is cave-like is COOL, IT IS SO FREAKING SWEATY IN HERE. They should re-name La Caverna to La Sauna. O MY GOD. SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT Between the 2 stall women's bathroom and the drunk girl who threw up next to us (note: bits of her vomit splattered on us), I will NEVER...NEVER come back to La Caverna. EVER. The bouncers didn't even bother to kick her out. Serious? Drinks are decently priced here at around $8, no cover, but for the amount you sweat in here, NO THANKS. Really, NO FREAKIN' THANKS.
This place was terrible. They took my friend's ID and credit card for a tab and when she went to add another drink, they said they didn't have her cards. After 2 bartenders looked one of them picked up her cards and proceeded to ignore her, even though she saw her cards, they went to serve another customer. When a friend went to talk to them, they said, I don't fucking care, and would not  give her the cards even though they clearly had them ( a blonde chick and a douchebag brown haired guy) both who refused to give my friend her cards back. It was ridiculous that they were being so rude to their customers when that's their fucking job. Finally she got them back after asking again and had to add 4 drinks to it even though she already had a full tab. So she didn't tip because they were assholes so then they basically kicked us all out of the bar for no reason because we were "taking up space" drinking the beers she paid for. It was a terrible experience and we willl never ever come back because the bartenders are terribly rude, mean, greedy people. We are also in our late 20's so there's absolutely no reason for us to be treated the way we were by the bartenders. We also told people outside to not go in because of the rude service and that there are better places to go in the area. So don't go here unless you want to have a terrible time.
Two years ago, I had my birthday party here.   I was so naive.
Went here Sunday, 5/27/12, Memorial Day weekend.  Busy but not too crowded, although I imagine the holiday thinned out the clientele.  No cover, drinks were reasonably priced, fairly large space with available booth and table seating, and filled with a friendly, unpretentious crowd.  The only drawback was that the scent of hookah and sweat was a bit off-putting, but the best part was definitely the DJ, who blended an upbeat mix of current hip-hop and house, near-throwback early 2000s hip-hop, and 90s hip-hop.  I had a wonderful time.
I don't wait on lines to get drunk. Ever. But I made an exception a few weeks ago. I should have stuck to my guns. The ladies I was with were begging to go here, and I ended up biting my tongue. Sometimes you just have to let people realize they are wrong on their own. Anyway, I literally went downstairs after telling the bouncer that I had violent tendencies (he looked at the fabric scissors in my bag like they were actually an AK-47)...looked around the Douche Cavern and went right back upstairs and out the fucking door. No way. No how. Especially not with Katy Perry and KeSha blasting through the sound system.
been here a handful of times on the weekdays usually before midnight so cant say much about the night life but it is great place for a chill night with your friends to catch up. love the $4 happy hr drinks!
fun times in this PACKED CAVE (the decor literally is cave like!) great place to go dancing since it gets crowded & the bar's in the middle of it all! don't attempt to stand up and dance on the edge of their indoor water fountain thing .. the staff WILL tell you to get down!! so stay grounded! NO COVER CHARGE! but im slowly learning that few places have a cover charge in nyc.. (or maybe i'm going to all the right places)
This bar is a disney like recreation of a cave. Clever concept that works well. The drinks were stiff. Daddy likes. The best part of this bar was the tunes. The audio system was perfect. Loud enough to pump the crowd, but not drown out conversation. The tunes and the decor save this place. Haiku time ! Deep dark cave drinking. Who invited all the dorks ? Where are all the girls ? Talent Level? Sausage Ranch.
you ever have one of those nights? these nights where everything is just perfect and you're floating on air? those nights where you disregard all negativity? the kind of nights where you look at the totally AWESOME of everything? how about a night when magic/luck seems to be found? you thought i was going to say, "well, that doesn't exist!!". well, you're wrong.... so wrong that it's right. i have heard many things about this club. not-so-great things. however, one magical summer night- when one of my best friends celebrated her 27th birthday... magic happened. i'm talking from: - dinner (ie. complimentary drinks, food, etc. from owners) - meeting someone new (and running in the pouring rain holding hands) - birthday girl is happy (no drama, no crying, no mishaps) - money (finding a $50 bill at the subway entrance) - etc. (by "etc.", i mean... so many more magical things happened!!) now, after a night of pure rarity... nothing could have ruined our night. then, Javier M. (one of my trusty sidekicks and BFF) showed up and WHAM! instant magic again. usually... walking into a place like La Caverna, one would scoff or question its integrity. i have heard so many horror stories from friends or a read on a Yelp review. but... our group entered the place with full embrace and hope. it was crowded. the hookahs were smokin' up a storm. the water fountain by the dance floor? bad idea. the crowd was very mixed- love it. the bathrooms are impossible. great music- the DJ played everything we wanted/were expecting to hear. i ditched my date (it never worked out, anyway). we danced for four hours straight! awesomely priced drinks. whether La Caverna had its flaws or not, each of us were too deliriously happy to notice. from what i can say is that- i don't think it's so bad. i miss these kinds of nights. =)
I didn't know Disney had a ride downtown?! Apparently, it's really cool! There is no height requirement but they ID you at the door. Best described as a cave-dinosaur type atmosphere complete w/stalactites & scary dungeon curtains... If that isn't bad, there are enough hair gel sequins, bronzer, & awful "music" to scare the bajeezies out of you! Looking back, I think they should have included a warning sign at the door. :)
What no "O" Stars Choice?  I would use it for this place! Went Saturday night, 3/24/12.   La Caverna is the WORST club/lounge I've EVER been to in NYC, and here's why: 1) Bouncer had a bad day, was terribly rude and I think he may have been racist too! Apparently, he had an issue with "chicks and their attitudes" and suggested I had such attitude because I asked "why I had to get in line" in a friendly tone (thinking: when there was no one on line and others were just walking up to the door, getting their ids checked and going in- including my friend).  That ONE question denied me entrance to La Caverna.  So, I apologized "I'm sorry if I offended you, but I have a right to defend myself (if I'm being called a chick - with an attitude).  He then said "If I was being an ass to him, I would be an ass to his bartenders."  Wow, what an assumption to make of me, when I asked a question and then Apologized (in case he did have a bad day, I've been there too!.)  Anyhow, I should have walked away, but my friend went to find the manager. During that wait, I watched this bouncer have most people get behind the line, and then watched him let 3 women with "light/fair skin ton" do exactly what my friend did -skip the "get in line part" and go right to the bouncer at the door.  I didn't think much of that, until I saw other reviews online where they may have some "racial preferences" at La Caverna.  I guess I'll never know if that was really what they were up to.  Oh well. When the manager came out and spoke to me, he didn't do much to change the situation.  I made it clear that I would be "happy" to post a review about my experience on line, I'm sure it would certainly help their already "not so great" reviews.  I suppose he felt threatened by reviews and didn't want me to walk away pissed, so asked me to please go ahead in and have a good time. What a waste of my time..... 2) Overly crowded, basement, smelled like funky sweat, there was nowhere to move/dance.  No air circulation. Period.   People were literally pushed up on each other, although some of that may have be intentional.  Get a room people! 3) You better hope there's no fire, you may never get out! If you're in your "college party" days, or need a place to make out, etc., this may be an OK spot for you.....but otherwise, I would definitely pass and go elsewhere.  Had I known, I would not have bothered with this place, I'm soooo over  my college days.   Based on my review and some others, you could be insulted by the bouncer or bartender or just ignored by your service staff.  Don't expect service with a smile here!       Apparently, the folks that run this place have very low to NO standards of service.    So many great places in this city, there's no need to settle.   As a Yelp average rating, they don't even have 3 stars....so you decide!
"We're going to La Caverna." "What's that?" "You'll see, its like a cave." "oh." Walking through the front, and going down the stairs I didn't know what to expect. Which is probably the only reason why i'm giving this three stars. I've been here twice and both times were identical. There's a large racetrack shaped bar in the middle, with little curves here and there if I remember correctly. The place is light pretty brightly, probably to accent the cavernous decor (it really feels like a cave). Couple of major problems. The crowd is just iffy. Its just not that great or attractive or much of anything. The dance floor is separate and the DJ has the volume up to 11. Maybe 12 depending on how much he likes the vibration of his station. I don't like how the bathrooms are right behind the dance floor. It means I have to cut through the sweaty (it was really warm in there the last time I went) crowd. This woman smelled literally like a poo but with some serious rotten lemon juice thrown it. I cut my nose off and stabbed my left thigh to take my mind off of it. Good thing: well prepared hookah. That's ALWAYS a good thing. However I'd rather go to Karma. Oh side note a friend of mine was getting hit on by this really tall lanky hipster dude with glasses and wacky black hair. She tried to tell him she's not interested, but then he intensely muttered, "do you want to see me masturbate in the bathroom". "You'll see, its like a cave."
My friends and I got to La Caverna at around 8 PM on a Friday night. The awesome happy hour was still going strong (til 10PM!) and the bartenders were friendly and fun to talk to. We stayed til 2 am and danced the night away! Highly recommended!
Underground bar, hookas, and $10 large glasses of black label, how could I not love this place....well let me count the ways. i would never refer to myself as one of the beautiful people, but the crowd was frankly rough, I mean I like a liberal door policy just as much as the next guy, but I don't think we have to abuse that fact. If I hadn't been there with a group I would have left after say 20 minutes. The place is large, but not huge, and the square bar is way too large for the space, it takes roughly 20 minutes to walk from one side of the place to the other, body to sweaty body. And the music, the DJ had to be on serious drugs, he went from Jay Z to dance hits I haven't heard since my school's seventh grade talent show, which is where I wish they had stayed. If you find yourself stuck here, I have but one suggestion. Pony up to the bar and start ripping shots....if you didn't arrive with a young lady...well then "drink em cute."
The place was packed, hot, and smelly... If you're a girl, there will be at least a couple of guys asking you to dance with them.  We had a chick from AZ come up to us to start a convo and then try to get us to dance with her friend lol
I have been here twice, and I don't know why I went back the second time.  Yes, it looks super cool inside and when you step in you think its going to be a good time. UNTIL, it gets so overcrowded, whith some not so great looking people (it has to be said, i'm sorry. i know im not a model, but come on), it takes 45 minutes to get to the bathroom, the drinks aren't that great, and the bartenders are assholes.  Both female and male bartenders were terribly rude.   Also, the line to get your coat from the coat check was FOREVER long and the girl couldn't find anyone's coats.   The 2nd time i went, bartenders were still rude, yet it was EMPTY.
This bar is like the Pirates of the Caribbean.  Without the boat.  But there's definitely a lot of pirate booty down here in an over-the-top amusement park setting.  So it looks like a cave, in fact, it's called la caverna which translates to cavern.  If you couldn't figure that out on your own, this place is definitely going to wow you.  For everybody else, you know the way to Disneyland, but you may not know where's a fine place to get plastered.  Well, la caverna isn't it.
The cavern. It gets really crowded during the weekends and the dance floor gets filled with sweaty drunk people. At least the couches are comfy.
I love this place. Hookah, reliably good music, cheap but tasty drinks and feeling like you are in a cool cave (minus claustrophobia scares)? Unbeatable. It's reliable and I always have a great time here.
Up until this past weekend, I considered La Caverna to be one of my favorite nightlife spots. It's cheap (no cover), reliable (no velvet rope) and blasts a dance-worthy playlist (Top 40s). If, on a given night at 12a, my ladies and I became tired of a certain spot and didn't have any preferences as to where to go next, we'd hightail it to LC. And this Saturday, we did just that. Now, I don't know if it was because I a) was completely sober this visit, b) was paying attention to my surroundings, c) suddenly developed improved tastes in bars (I like to flatter myself...), but all I saw was wall-to-wall dbag. The male selection there could be summarized by the following phrase: rejects of humanity. Most of the pickin's were extremely aggressive and/or sleezy. ("Dude, when I said "No" the first five times, I kind of meant it. I'm not playing hard-to-get, I promise.") I have never told a guy off (to his face), but there was one leech that just needed a serious b****slap: He groped every girl in the group and thought he might fare better in a self-declared second round ten minutes later. Ugh! I'll think twice before using it as my backup stop again.
In the event that you are retarded like me and did not know, it is decorated like a cave...I'm not sure how I missed this based on the name... The drinks are cheap, the crowds are a' plenty, and the music is good.  I went for a friends birthday party and showed up at 12:30am only to see a long line outside.  Normally a long line that late means trouble...however the Bouncer was actually nice and moved the traffic along as fast as possible.  I think I only waited about 10 minutes.  That is quite a change from the other places (ie. Chelsea, Meat Packing District, etc) where they purposely hold the lines outside. My only beef is that I don't have phone reception in there!  How will I know if that girl (who just asked for my number) is calling me already? ;)
Wow, where do I begin...   Let me put it this way, If there was only  a feature where instead of stars, one could give turds to rate poor and unworthy establishments.  This place truly deserves an astounding 10 steaming and well deserving turds.   I will tell you a true story that occurred 2 nights ago.   A bunch of my friends had decided to go to this place for a couple of late night drinks.  I had only agreed to go because in the past I never really had a problem with this place.  However, this was the only time where I had dealt with really untrustworthy and disturbing bartenders. I start off by ordering 3 coronas for $15.  My choice of payment was credit.  Once they heard of my option, they automatically had a look of disgust and informed me that there is a $30 min.  I said that's fine, just make it 6.   5 minutes later, my friend goes up to the bar and decides to get 2 shots of patron for $20.  Similar to myself, he decides to use credit as well.  The very same bartender quickly states that " THEY DON"T TAKE CREDIT!"  I stepped in and told them I had just paid with a credit card and evidenced it  with my receipt.  They then informed us that because it was pass 2 am. they no longer take credit.  I thought that was BS and  asked for management.  The so called "manager" that was presented to me was another fellow bartender who supported her decision in declining our credit card payment  request.  We argued and argued for about 20 minutes until they finally gave in and charged the card.  We get the receipt and find out they charged us for $30.  wtf! You can guess what happened next........ The point is this is a business that  does shady business.  Lying to costumers and over charging them thinking they wouldn't know the difference isn't the way to run show.   I don't care how reasonable their prices are or how good their drinks are. I just don't TRUST this establishment.  And from the looks of other reviews, the bartenders haven't been raved all that great about.
Did you ever wonder what they did with the set from Fraggle Rock?  Well, look no further, this is where it is.  Except for the fact that you can get a hookah and drinks - I don't think the Fraggles rolled like that. . .I think they were doing harder shit. They usually play house music, and it tends to really get going after midnight.  Be prepared, because of the circular bar, the traffic flow can be hazardous - basically meaning that where ever you end up standing - it is going to be a bad place.   I generally bring people visiting me here, because there's usually nothing like it from where they come from. A great place to check out every once in awhile, but I don't think anyone calls this their "spot". . . Peace.
This is the place where meatheads from Staten Island, New Jersey and southern California go when they come to New York City.  Keep this in mind. I had to come here to meet my girlfriend's friend who was returning to the City from Austrialia.  I waited outside for about 20 minutes to see this big ape of a guy who was the bouncer harass these girls outside.  When I finally went in I started laughing.  First of all it is in a basement with no ventilation so all of smells of hookah, and sweaty people just stay stagnant.  To top it all off, the place is decorated like a cave.  Not a real cave, with rocks and such, but big plastic painted molds.  It looks like one of those kid's playgrounds like Discovery Zone or something. The crowd was full of barbie dolls in skimpy outfits and guys wearing sneakers with shorts and baggy hawaiian shirts, or muscle shirts with square toed shoes and gel in their hair.  I couldn't believe a place like this existed in New York City.  I felt like I was at my junior prom.
La Caverna tricked me! I have to sadly say, my experience with La Caverna was not a good one at all. I wanted to like this place so badly, before coming here and reading about it's "cave-like" & "romantic" & "hip" like setting I was excited to check it out! When I walked downstairs to the "cave" I honestly wanted to turn around and walk right back out. I was tricked! This cave like setting is more like tacky plastic wall, I felt like I was in a tacky restaurant that my parents would have enjoyed in Disney World. On top of that it had almost an egyptian like feeling after seeing the hooka's but it's ITALIAN! Very confusing and the whole set up is just confusing. The food was alright, nothing special though. Not a place I would come back to but I'm glad I found out what it truly was about. I would not suggest this place at all. I would enjoy this place better if they redid their "Cave" and served Mediterranean food instead! Thats my honest opinion. ;o)
Spanish name + rap music + hookah = I'm confused After exhausting all the possibilities on the Ludlow strip Saturday night we decided to branch out a bit; first stop, La Caverna. Unfortunately there was a party going on and the bouncer was denying people at the door. Fortunately, the 'we're with them' line worked as we snuck in behind 4 girls on the list. Descending the grungy staircase to the basement there is an abrupt transition from urban building to tropical cave. Well done, but definitely pretty silly. The music that night was mostly pop rap / hip-hop, felt like the DJ flipped on Hot 97. I think I was expecting something more like Baraza (at first I thought it was a Spanish name, only to discover later its supposed to be Italian?). On the plus side, never have I gotten such a giant glass of Black Label. I'll be back to check out the normal non-birthday party crowd. I have a feeling this place will be a treasure trove of drunken stories.
How did we end up here?  Ugh, I am embarrassed to write this review, because I am admitting that I actually went to this place. Why two stars then? Well, because for what it is, I suppose its not that bad.  Let me explain. The Scene: This is the kind of bar I would have used a fake ID to get into when I was 20.  Its the kind of place I would have enjoyed going to when I was 21--ordering a Midori Sour or Sex on the Beach.  It is not the kind of place I go to now, when I find myself drinking just to forget that I'm the oldest person in the room, waitstaff and bouncers excepted. The bar has been decorated to look like a cavern (hence the name) with stalagmites and stalactites throughout.  Kinda reminds me of the old TV show Fraggle Rock that I used to watch as a kid. The Crowd: Lots of very drunk, very young girls in spandex minis and platforms.  A lot of Snookie-from-Jersey-Shore look-alikes.  And lots of awkward guys wearing untucked collared shirts with t-shirts underneath, jeans, and sneakers.  The college guy version of getting "dressed up".  The arrangement was essentially drunk girls dancing in the middle of the floor, with awkward dudes lingering on the edge, sporadically moving in to grind one unsuspecting spandex-sheathed ba-dunk-a-dunk. The Music: The music kept with the theme.  Top 40, hip-hop songs to dance and sing along with.  Hey, at least they aren't having an identity crisis, right? At one point they started playing several hip-hop songs from the 90's like Dr. Dre and even a Run DMC throw back.  Was this a nod from the deejay to my group of comparably over-the-hill companions?  Who knows...we enjoyed. The Drinks: I was drinking beer.  It was cold.  I have no complaints. Overall: This could not be farther from my scene.  I felt uncomfortable the entire time it took for us to finish our drinks and move along to the next bar.  So consider the source of this review:  my opinion is, admittedly, very skewed.  If this sounds like your kind of place, grab your Ed Hardy t-shirt and blue-on-white striped shirt and go for it.  You'll have a great time.  If you align yourself more in my camp...please learn from my mistake and keep walking.
I'm giving this place four stars for nights when the crowd is just right and two stars for when there are too many people. The DJ always plays a great mix of hip hop and pop (plenty of Jay Z, Biggie, JT, Kanye West, Tupac, Britney, etc.) and the dance floor is spacious.  I'm not much of a dancer but I always have to drunkenly dance here at least a little.  There's usually a decent amount of attractive girls too.  You can get a hooka if you are into that sort of thing.   Negatives are that it can get way too crowded, sometimes you have to wait in line to get in, and sometimes the bathroom line is way too long.  If that is the case I recommend running across the street to Welcome to the Johnsons where you can pee and have a quick $2 PBR.  Cell phone service is spotty inside also.  You are in a cave after all. After you stumble out of Caverna you can end your night across the street with a PBR at Johnsons and a stop at Dash Dogs.  What's not to love?
After surpassing the line, you come to these stairs that lead you down to a labyrinth of a cave-like room where the bar was in the center of the fake-rock stalactite-like motif. It was cool at first but then you realize after a while it was a little tacky. Didn't quite stay long, but there was potential here for a fun night. I understand the mandatory coat check to decrease the bulk inside...but at least it was cold out, or else I'd probably suffocate with the amount of bodies in here.
I didn't realize this, but apparently there's still a place where kids are still learning to dance by watching old Vanilla Ice videos.  Who knew? I've got to hand it to the owners, rather than trying to disguise the fact that this was a concrete basement covered with spray-on insulation, they made it "cave-themed" as if it was that way on purpose.  Spun by a minimally talented DJ, the hit parade of 90's and 00's top 40 covered the range, regardless whether or not the songs were danceable.  This inspired a few dance with the zeal and enthusiasm common in the movie House Party, clearly emboldended with a few Red Bulls and Vodka.   If you're a guy or girl looking to hook-up, I'm sure you'll find a way to do it here...if you want anything else from a night out, skip it.
La Caverna is one of those open late places that you hope you don't end up at, but somehow manage to do b/c your friends can't think of where else to go at 3am in the morning. It's a cave-like underground locale that has hookahs.
Overall, the big draw is the ambiance. Your in a what looks like a scene from the  movie "The Decent" but with a large bar in the middle of the cave. It was crowded and the service really sucked if you were at a table- the bar was more attentive. The music was loud as hell but it was nice to smoke some hookah- if you could find a table. Its good for a unique experience but not as a regular spot to come back to.
It seems like everyone's been having parties there for the past couple of weeks.   Same review as before but noting the crowdedness and no cell reception! so beware if you are meeting a friend there and brace the crowds.  For a dance place I don't mind a lot of people because it's usually more fun!  Still not too hard to get drinks from the bar and requests to DJ are always honored! props for playing new and old school music :) door policy is not too astringent.  You can definitely book ahead for private party at no cost to make it easier for your guests to enter.  will definitely go back again.
Not worth the visit.  Avoid this place.  The menu is limited, food was mediocre at best (I would've rather had the standard bar grub instead), and the prices were ridiculous.  I was disgusted when we got the bill. The layout of this place sucked.  It was extremely awkward having dinner at a small table right next to a sofa with people lounging and sipping their cocktails.  Stupid place. If the drinks were better, I would've given 2 stars.  But they weren't.
Two and a half stars!?!??! Whatchutalkin'about WILLIS? I was introduced to La Caverna by friends last weekend. They were looking for things in the LES but declared that if all else failed, La Caverna was "the default option." All else failed. We rolled on in with no cover and carefully climbed down the never-ending staircase into the club. When we walked in, the dj was playing fun 80's music while we went to the bar for cheap drinks. In less than an hour the music changed back and forth from 80's to hip-hop/current hits to great singalong bar music. The area around the bar turned into a dance floor and the dj had the whole bar/crowd dancing and singing together by the end of the night. Good times. La Caverna is my new default option too.
Went here once with a friend who was in town for the weekend.  The place seems more tailored for the B&T crowd who's looking for something out of the ordinary.  Wasn't impressed with the cave-like atmosphere; they could have done a much better job creating a more realistic ambiance. The drinks were overpriced and under poured.  The bartender was, however, extremely nice.  We talked with her the whole time and she and my buddy got pretty friendly.  Wouldn't really go back.
Holy crap! A bar that looks like a cave?! How awesome! Too bad it's packed tight with douchebags.
Ok, 5 stars STRICTLY for their happy hour. That's basically my theme: if I can get plastered with a $20 bill, you're golden. Maybe even legendary. Their happy hour lasts until 10PM. TEN P.M. $3 beers? $4 wells? Something along that line but the key kick in the dick is the 10PM expiration time. You can get an early jump to your sleepover pajamy party tonight. Dropped by last night, Thursday at like 8:30PM and the place was empty. Strange. No beef with me. Empty bar = fast alcohol service = faster exchanging of the dollar bills. Win win situation. Bartender was cool last night as well (Jacqueline?) and my friend and I wanted to stay for this "special" private party at 10PM. Luckily we didn't: a slew of soccer type players in dark jerseys. Not for me. ONLY ISSUE: no freakin' cell phone service down in their caves. Used to frequent the place a few years back when this place was cool on weekends. But they gave my friend shit and wouldn't let him in. I don't know, it was fun at times but I'd only come after work or before 10PM. Look me up. I'll bring $8.
I'd like this place A LOT more if it weren't so full of douchebags with their popped collars.  It gets way too crowded to dance and being in the basement adds to the creep factor.   If the hookah were more separated from the dance area and there was a little more space, I'd come here ALL the time because I like the music.  But alas, I'll put this on the list of places I'll never go to EVER AGAIN.
Wow I'm surprised this place only has 2.5 stars on average. I've been here twice and love it!! Had so much fun both times. The first time was for my birthday night so obviously that was a blast - went with about 8 girls and managed to snag a table that opened up right when we got there. It was kind of far from the dance floor which was the only problem. You had to put a credit card down and have a total tab of $100 to stay at the table, which was not a problem with that large of a group. We also ordered hookah which was fun to do in a nightclub environment. The second time was just last night and was equally as amazing! We managed to snag a table again but this time in the back right next to the dance floor. Prime location. Except for the endless stream of men standing still waiting in line for the bathroom. But if you looked past that you'd see the dancefloor. The DJ plays really fun songs, and people go all out in dancing. It gets kind of packed and hot but that just means it's all the more fun in my opinion. Just find your little neck of the woods on the dancefloor and make it your own! I guess I like this place because it's so unique and different and you don't have to dance if that's not your thing, they also have a large bar with room to stand on all 4 sides of it so you can just hang out there, or you could grab a table and chill and smoke hookah if that's your thing. Or you could do all 3 as I've found myself doing! Plus the 'decorations' if you will are pretty sweet - it's a cavelike setting with colorful stalactites & 'mites going on. All in all a fun time!
Came here for a couple birthdays with my New Yorker BFF, Reena.  It was very cool to be in a cave-like club.  There's another club in San Diego like this.  The music rawked, hip hop, some 80's.  Bathroom was a nightmare, as usual.  Loved how the bar wrapped all around, the service was fast and drinks were gooood!
I am a fan of this place.  Mainly because everytime I go I have a good time.  Its just this random bar in a basement that looks like a cave and they happen to serve hookah.  I really dont understand why people dog on this place since its free to get in, there is a dj that plays good music and you can generally get a drink whenever you want.  ill be back.
Before you judge me for giving this place 3 stars, please read the following disclaimer: it was like 3am, we were separated from our party (cuz really, NOBODY really knows where anything is on the LES when you're drunk at 3am), and all we did here was pee and dance dance dance. Yes, it is gross because it's packed to the point where you can barely move.  Yes, all the guys here are BnT. Yes, everybody is going to get sweaty and run into you. But it is actually decorated and feels like you're in a huge cave (ok, not quite sure I guess if this is a positive thing), there is apparently hookah there (wtf?), and the music on the Sat night we went were all the songs my friends and I "dropped it like it's hot" to when we were sophomores in college.  And that was like so 2004.  How can you not have fun dancing to Fiddy Cent, Jay-Z, Lil Jon, and Snoop Dogg? Oh, and there is NO COVER.  Yay.
The food was tasty! I had the chicken sandwich and my friend had the fried calamari. Prices were reasonable- wines were about $7-$10 a glass and our meals were about $12 each. I loved that it really looked like an underground cave. When my friend and I got here about 10pm, the atmosphere was pretty laid back. At about 11:30pm the DJ started setting up and by about 1am this place was packed (I came here on a Friday).  The crowd wasn't very diverse. Music was okay...played mostly top 40's, but the DJ did dedicate about 15 minutes to 90's hip hop. Hookah was strong as hell and lasted forever. I would come here again for happy hour and hookah, but wouldn't stay to party.
The decor borders on tacky.   Service was horrible and drinks were equally disappointing. I hated this place.
So it is Saturday night I am drunk . I always wanted to write a review drunk so here is it. I am happy not wasted yet!! Super happy here at this place  and if you are over 26 you will love the music of this place , younger crow but the music rocks they are playing k. west "gold digger"!!! also  this place looks like a fake cave . Who cares !  The music is great!! I bet I mention that before,and beers at $5 , beautiful bartenders !! What else can you ask?! O yes you could ask more more space, for better looking people, but if you are drunk and walking around lower east side this place would make your night . FYI I edited all the previous review because I couldnt undertand anything that I wrote while drinking. Let's the party continue!!
I really, really should hate this place. I mean, I'm not quite sure what draws me to this place other than the fact that they play Top 40 and don't remix it into something that sucks. The drinks are reasonably priced and it's always a good standby place to go if I'm with someone that wants to go dancing but not go to some posh Meatpacking club. With that said, I do totally get why people wouldn't like this place. It can get crowded, the space isn't utilized completely well with the bar in the middle of the place and large booths surrounding the dance floor. Despite the fact that I enjoy this place, I'm still hesitant to take people here as I know my group of friends aren't the biggest on crowds and small spaces. And the theme is a little odd...
I was there on a busy friday night. I was not drunk... and to be there I needed to be. I'm sure on more chill nights this place can be cool. It's got a good thing going with the cave aesthetic. Crowd wise- I felt like I was surrounded by kids who just graduated college and think they are cool because they live in New York.
i come here to dance. and pretty much only that. never have been here before midnight and rarely leave before it closes. i always have a really great time. they play top 40s type music which i have a really good time dancing to. one time we got a table with a large group but usually we just wander in and get our drinks at the bar. apparently they have food here and also sheesha but i am not sure this would ever be on my list of places to eat. i tend to separate where i get down late night and where i consume food but maybe thats just me. and i guess i cant knock it since i haven't tried it. always a good time!
One of my usual stops when I do the LES crawl. The door's no hassle and the bouncer seems pretty cool. Hookahs are always available (although I don't understand what the hype is about - flavored smoke? why don't u just suck on exhaust fumes or light an apple on fire?). I enjoy the music, very wide variety of hip hop and top 40 so you can get your groove and your lip syncing on. The drinks are decently priced and the bar's big so you won't have to jockey for position (all the time). However, the bartenders can be a bit slow because they're making drinks for ppl at the tables as well.   HOWEVER, the bathroom line makes me not want to ever go back. Being a dude, you generally do not have to wait (sorry ladies!) and when the guys have to wait it means it's pretty bad. Being that the bathrooms are situated in the back of the venue means that you'll have to make your way through all the sweaty ppl and stand in the humidty (which is my other complaint, turn on the fans!). My trick is actually going to another bar across the street and using their bathroom (hehe). All in all, this is a cool place. Good to start or end the night. But if you don't want to leave smelling like you soaked your clothes in smoke then I'd be wary.
Like partying, dancing, drinking....... in pseduo-caves!?.. THEN GO HERE. I thought it was a pretty cool and fun atmosphere; and definitely different than any bar I have experienced! The walls and ceiling are made to look as though you are getting you groove on like the cavemen did... kind of.  VERY SPACIOUS TOO.  I went with a group of about 5 people and we had a blast dancing the night away. The circular big bar in the center made it easy to get drinks due to the 360 degree access to the bartenders, and drinks were cheap ($6 mixed drink) on a weekend night! Props to the DJ who was spinning all those throwback songs we all love.. definitely recommend for a night where you're just looking to have a good time and dance.. SOUNDS LIKE FUN TO ME!
Always a line leading to sweaty and crowded mess. The design and feel of being in a cave is mildly amusing but other than that there are definitely better spots in the area for a fun night out.
There's a lot of hate in some of these reviews, but here's the thing: this is a place to dance. Nothing more than that, really. I usually drink somewhere else and end up here to dance the night away. Don't come with inhibitions or high expectations. The music is basically top 40, Saturday nights are packed, but there's no cover and no real door attitude, so that's a plus. I don't come here looking for classy dudes (there are very few of them), but I have met some fun ones who at least enjoy dancing and having a good time. Crowd may be a little B&T but everyone's normal, unpretentious, and you should go when you're too drunk to care. You're not going to have long heart-to-heart conversations, and you're very unlikely to have seating unless you're getting hookah/bottle service. It's sweaty, it's wet, but it's a fun way to end the night. Dress up a bit and come with friends who love to dance.
i'm getting a little old for this now, but la caverna was a great spot when i was in my early twenties.  they always play top 40's music, you can smoke hookah while you dance, and there's no wait to get inside. on the downside: the line for the bathroom is ridiculously long!  they only have 2 or 3 stalls (co-ed).  the decor is cool when it's packed, but a little shabby when you see the place empty. note: the drinks are cheap here, but they're also small (3/4 shots instead of full shots)
the cave, in spanish.  damn those $600 rosetta stone software sure have paid off. hookah, restaurant lounge by day, club at night.  i went here twice, once on saturday at nite.  the place was bumpin.  yes people were bumping into me.  its very spacious with cave like walls.  there's a huge dance area.  its free to get in so it gets very crowded.  the music is top 40's, nothing special.  the crowd is hit or miss.   if you're looking for more of a club as compared to a lounge in the les area, this is the place to go.  across the street are the regular les mainstays, fat baby, libation, spitzers.  a lot of drunks around the area so your nite will always be entertaining.   second time i came here was thursday afterwork.  the place was EMPTY.  the asian bartender was really cute.  she had a tattoo on her back.  that means she's....easy right?  i learned that from wedding crashers.   thats all, 3 stars for the cave.  el cave-o in spanish.
I walked in here, lasted about 10 minutes, and then walked right back out.  I guess adding the fancy "La" made me think this place was going to be some chic, eclectic place to drink and hookah. I first walked in and was confused... where's the bar?  Followed the hallway, which led me down a flight of stairs.  Oh, I get it.  Underground.  Like a cavern.   Ground-breaking idea. Honestly, this is really like a cheesy theme for a basement lot.  The space itself is a pretty good size, but I found the whole decor to be super tacky.  It was pretty dead for a Saturday night, but of all the places in New York, who really wants to drink in a dark, dingy cave?
I have been here twice and it is a great place for Hookah!  I haven't eaten here nor really had any of the drinks, but as far as Hookah goes its cozy, reasonable and fun to hang out with friends.  Friends who did drink said they really make um strong especially the Martini's but its pretty reasonable in price.   I would recommend going to Verlaine for their happy hour specials then afterwards head down to La Caverna for some comfy lounging and Hookah.
hey - i'm a fan of this place.  we were on a 'walk & find' mission, randomly trying to find a place with music to go to on a saturday night around 130 am  after hitting up a few other spots.  La Caverna is cute - with it's cave like vibe - and the music, although kind of old top 40s (they were playing shakira 'hips don't lie'...it's 2009...!), is still good to dance too.  By the time we were there, 80s hits were interspersed in as well - and we all know you can never have too much of those! All in all, a good place to hit up for a bit during a night hopping around in the LES.  Crowd wasn't super good-looking - but it's too dark to really notice anyways.
I can't believe I spent New Years here this year, but my friend's friends from out of town wanted to go dancing - I had one drink (Rum and Coke) and it took me at least 20 mins to get it. I felt oddly uncomfortable here and wanted to get out. This is the sort of place that I used to sneak into when I was in highschool. Whatever.
Hey, come on, this place is not that bad! No, it's not super trendy or hip. No, I wouldn't go here to try to pick someone up to marry. And no, I wouldn't go here if I didn't feel like sweating a little. But it has some GREAT up sides. 1. The drinks are cheap! A friend and I got 2 Coronas and 2 shots of tequila (don't judge) for $20. Not bad in my book. I'm not usually trying to holler at shots but we had a rough time on the walk over (in a down pour) and needed a pick-me-up. 2. There are plenty on tables off the side where you're not likely to be assaulted by any strangers. And we were able to easily get a table at 12:30 on a Saturday night for us to hang out at. Not bad. 3. Anyone who has ever been dancing at Beauty Bar knows that THAT is the sweatiest, smelliest place to dance. Ever. So La Caverna with its huge fan is hardly the hottest place on earth to dance at. 4. It is a great place to go with a huge group of people. Yes, it's a lot of BnT people, but who cares? When my friends and I want to go dance we want to hang out together and....dance. Not take someone home or make new friends or even talk. La Caverna is kind of cheesily decorated (but I LOVE it) but it's got a big open space and it does clear out. All in all, I would definitely go back and have some cheap drinks. Not bad at all.
The hookah stench in here is no joke, but you can't even tell after like 10 minutes.   PROS: -cool venue -danceable music -super fast bar service -alright crowd...somewhat diverse CONS: -they don't take credit cards...do not fool yourselves.  but seriously who does that???  they have an ATM machine if you need to withdraw cash.  which i did not bring.  blah. -the song choices were pretty good but it was probably the laziest DJ'ing I've ever heard.  he essentially let whole songs play the entire time.  the songs have got to change after like 2 mins max..cmon nowww.  it sounds like he just created a playlist and let it play.  but again, good thing the song choices were decent.   -no reception for me (some of my other friends did have reception though).  i have att. OVERALL:  I wouldn't mind going here again, but it also wouldn't be a place I would deliberately choose to go.
We went here and smoked a hookah, and left. I'm not so sure about this place, I didn't really like the arrangements and the music was weird. My drink was pretty good, the waitress was friendly, but when we asked her if she could go more easy on the music she replied that it was her favorite type - I'm not sure she understood us. So I guess this is an OK place for an hour or so. If you don't expect too much, but not a place to stay at for an entire evening.
It's alright for a place to lounge around.They've got hookah and tables for ppl to sit and relax. But a club? Nowhere close... The crowd's kinda lame, so if you're looking to mack on fresh meat, don't... you'll find people are just lame all around and you'll lose the interest to mingle.
I came in here on a Thursday night and I have to say that can't be this place's best night!  It was dead; a group of 12 people exiting each took a moment to warn our group not to enter because it was lame and instead of following them to a better place, we took a chance on an unknown, sigh.  I step in and feel like I have entered the set of Fifth Element.  One problem: there were less than 10 people inside.  I grabbed a drink and escaped soon after.  This place has potential, but it will have to prove it to me....one day.
Gross. this place is TACKY. TACKY. TACKY The online representation of it is ENTIRELY MISLEADING. Plus, the hookah smell is intense...
I had my birthday party here because it's big, has an open environment, and corners off an area for dancing. I wouldn't go in here on any random night, though, because the crowd is young and very drunk (what other reviewers have described as "frat"). Guys are in jeans, dress shoes, and an untucked button shirt. Girls are in short skirts or jeans and a blouse. If that's your scene, this bar -- and actually the whole strip of bars around it -- should be your spot. There are only a few areas to separate your group of friends from the masses, so be prepared to mingle with the crowd and get your drinks at the 360 degree bar in the middle. Hookah's are available. This is 3-stars if it's your sort of scene or you have an actual event to attend, 2-stars if not.
Wow it was a long flight of stairs down to the bar. In the end, I still had service 2 flights down. Two thumbs up right there! (Being a T Mobile user, you're used to not having service in basements) I walked down into the basement only to realize that it was a hookah bar? Really? After I made the observation my friend said he had only been here for food, so he didn't know how the nightlife was here. We soon found out that it was the crowd we liked to be in. Asian. Haha. Music was a great selection, drinks were fairly priced, and I was in good company. So I really can't complain. Bottom Line: Unfortunately our party did not stay too long and had to jet for another birthday party. However, I will definitely make the second visit if I had a chance. I really liked the design of the place and the atmosphere.
It's really sad when you're having a good time, and the last person you would think would piss you off would be the bartender you want to tip. Came here on 4/28/12. Me, fiance and 3 other of his friends. New in town so anything and everything was an experience. This place was LARGE by any means. It's a decent size place full of drunk women who all seem to be celebrating one special occasion! From the drunk bachelorette to the drunk birthday girl, you name it, they were in here that night! The music playing was good. It was mediocre. I kept an open tab, they said it needed to be $50 or more, took my ID too, but whatever, I guess they had lame policies. Clearly my orders were going to go beyond the $50. As I was ordering, the bartender who opened my tab couldn't hear my last name. He THREW me a pen and napkin to write my name on. WHATEVER DUDE! If you can't hear me in this small place, you might as well be deaf! Get out of here! As I was writing my name the second time because I wanted to order another round of drinks this assHOLE decided to snatch the penny worthy pen straight out of my hand. It took all the control I had not to throw my drink on him. Needless to say, I closed the tab after. I was tempted not to tip, but the other people who did serve us did a great job and wasn't nearly as rude as this ass who obviously is too serious to be a bartender! Come here if only you couldn't find any other place! You won't have space to dance, and unless you like to be stared at by dudes who don't dance but like to just gawk at women, then this place wouldn't be for you.
Skip it. Not sure how it is on the weekends, but seeing as most les places are packed, i say, skip this one if 1. there's a line 2. there's a cover Instead, come visit sometime during the week, after happy hour drinks elsewhere. Stumble down the stairs that lead to a "cave", giggle with your friends about the decor, wait indefinitely for someone to lazily look up and greet you, perhaps order a drink, but stick with one, and hustle your ass out of there in search of something better. Yes, it's out there. You've seen and experienced the cave, you can move on now.
If you follow a few rules you can have a phenomenal time at La Caverna: 1) Go with your friends and not when you're looking to meet new people 2) Go when you're already drunk and won't have to fight at the bar to get drinks 3) Make sure you enjoy dancing That being said, my friends and I always have a great time dancing here. The music's usually predictably solid, top 40's with some random oldies thrown in and it's always crowded enough so that you're not dancing alone, but not so crowded that it's a pain (except at the bar..as previously noted)
I have to admit, I've come to this place several times, and I've never read the yelp reviews, which made me laugh pretty hard after I saw them. I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that this place has a bad, but not well-deserved rep. Every time I've been here (about 3-4 times) I've had a good time, and even if the music is Top 40, at least it's good, danceable, fun music. Call me a novice, but when I'm hanging out with friends that are from out of town, and I need a guaranteed fun night that won't be super packed, will serve good drinks and play fun music, I will put this place on my list. Also, there's no cover, which is always nice. I mean come on yelpers, tell me it's not fun to rap the entirety of Wyclef Jean's "Staying Alive" to the group you're dancing with, and that you haven't taken advantage of the fact that there's always open seats around the bar (near the wall - the nice cushy ones). Let's not forget the hookahs. So maybe this place won't ever be featured in the NYT, or host any yelp elite parties, but at least it's a place where there's room to dance, fun music to dance to, and no cover. Nothing wrong with that. Disclaimer: I should note that every time I've come here, I've BMOT (brought my own talent), so I haven't been to this bar to skeeze.
No amount of cool stalactites can neutralize the d-bag convention that gathers here on the weekends. Super packed, long line, no cell service (AT&T), etc.  Skip the mandatory coat check if you go because 1) it's not really mandatory, and 2) you'll probably leave quickly anyway.
Hmmm... not bad i guess? Having read some reviews prior to going, i was expecting a god-awful experience, but to be honest it wasnt that bad. As for the decor, it sounds far cooler than it is. Looks more like spray-on fire retardant than stone. Pretty lame. We went for dinner, showed up fully an hour and a half late for the reservation. Hostess was actually very accommodating and seated us right away (6 people). Drinks were well-made and cheap. Food was average, pretty decent. I actually had a very well cooked (if overly garlic flavored) steak. In terms of the crowd, its true. I kept getting up to go smoke outside and was actually quite amused by their incomprehensible door policy. I watched a group of three reasonably attractive girls get turned away after being told that they needed to be on a guest list for a private party,  only to see a group of nervous underage looking guys let in immediately following. Weird, weird, weird. Certainly not the most attractive crowd inside either. Nice people at least, some lady let me eat a piece of calamari off her plate. Oh yes, also must mention that its super cheap. Would i go back? ehhhh.... Worst place ever? certainly not.
I visited La Caverna one Friday night in June 2008 for a friend's birthday party. When I first stepped into this place, my firsts thoughts were "wow, what the f... is this place?!" I know it's supposed to be resemble a cave but it didn't impress me at all. It looked a little tacky. But we didn't pay a cover so whatever.. So anyway, some of my friends were there much earlier and had dinner at La Caverna. We met up with them there around 10 or 11 p.m. There weren't many people yet. So, we got drinks at the bar..and everyone just kept drinking and drinking. Then, they started to play some dancing music so that got everyone going. As the night progressed, it got really packed. You could hardly move anymore and it was really really hot too. You could barely breathe in there. They played top 100 billboard songs so we were into that. They also have hookah, so we liked that too. It was just an okay experience here. I'd rate it between 2.5 to 3 stars. I wasn't really that impressed so I'd probably only come back if there's another event that a friend of mine throws there or if I'm in the area and there's nothing else better around..
Wow, I am really surprised by the low star ratings and negative reviews for La Caverna! While La Caverna has never really been a "destination" spot for me, I've been there more than a few times while I was in the area, and always had a good time. When other bars aren't letting you in, La Caverna will. When you're in the mood to dance, La Caverna will provide top 40 music and good crowds to dance in/with. The energy is always fun and high, while managing to avoid the pretension of more upscale lounges and clubs. Forget the bad reviews - I think the fact that La Caverna always seems to manage to fill its large space (at least the times I've been there) speaks for itself! My final recommendation: go for the dancing/drinks, don't go for the food.
I have to agree the lines after midnight was fierce. You have 3 lines one for the door and 2nd one for coat-check. The dance floor is small and lines for both men and women was looong(here is ur 3rd line lol). Basic layout with big center round shape bar with 3-4 bartenders mixing drinks. DJ booth in the back next to the restroom. Few long tables with chairs and couple lounge chairs against the wall. I live in NJ so getting to LES and finding parking on Saturday was a b*tch#!. **2 1/2 stars at best.
Went here around 12am on a saturday.  The interior was nice and there is no cover.  I figured it would be small like any other bar but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a bit larger than I expected but it was still just as crowded - but what place in NY isnt packed after 12 on a saturday? The music being played was mainly hip hop and a few oldies with scattered reggaeton or reggae songs.  Since this place does get really packed, it might be better to go with a small group otherwise it'll be nearly impossible to find people.  There are places to sit but if you want those tables you have to come earlier.
A decent enough place if you're looking to dance. It's dark, the music is top 40. The crowd is youngish and most people seemed game for socializing. The drinks were average (can't complain as I didn't pay for them) but if you're young and looking for a place to party, this is a good spot. Caveat: it's kinda small.
It's a fun place. It is not a nightclub, but does have a pretty nice atmosphere for a bar / lounge. People usually dance here, so it is fun from that perspective as well. The drinks are pretty good - not ridiculously expensive, but not cheap either. They do make very good french martinis (my fave)! The only downside is they tend to host a lot of private parties, so on some of the nights, you cannot get in. Other than that - go check it out!
-Really great music to dance to -Good prices for strong drinks -Fun crowd -I wouldn't eat here and there are better places to hookah (cheaper too)
1. Unnecessary lines - especially considering how they pack everyone in there 2. very poor cell phone service 3. this place is an excuse for guys to creep on girls. i felt like i was at a sweaty high school make out party.  horrible experience! 4. the one good thing i can say is that drink prices were reasonable and the music selection was good (but again, gave creepsters the opportunity to creep even harder). ew.
The coolest things about this bar are the inteior decor, which, just as its name suggests, is a cave, and the cheap happy hour drinks. They also have hookahs available for your smoking pleasure. Unfortunately, the staff can be difficult to get a hold of at times, and the cave vibe can only go so far. Maybe it was just the time I came and maybe this place deserves another chance. Will I come back? Meh... maybe if I'm in the area and need some cheap drinks, but I don't think I'd end my night here. In short: Service: B or B+ Price (happy hour): A- or A
As a disclaimer, I didn't pay for anything when I came here and I had also already had a few drinks, so I can't comment on what it would be like to walk in here stone cold sober and/or deal with payment methods, but here's what I got: 1. Great place to dance it out - basic top 40 music and enough room to dance it allllllllll out. If you're looking for indie rock or smooth jams, this is so not your place 2. The hookah was good times - again I don't know how much it cost because I didn't pay, but 4 of us thoroughly enjoyed our hookah experience 3. Drinks were well made - strong, but not so strong that you cringe after sipping them. 4. The place was crowded, but not unbearable. Again I had already had a few drinks, so my opinion might be different while completely sober, but I had a good time. 5. This is NOT a place to take a date or to have intimate conversation. This is a "let's get rowdy and dance" bar. Great to take visitors, I'm sure, especially people looking for a typical NY/LES experience. Allegedly there's a mandatory coat check but we all kept our coats on us, so I don't know how valid that is. There wasn't a line, but we arrived at 2am, so I don't know about earlier in the night. Overall we had an awesome time, I don't know what everyone is whining about :)
Believe me, this place is horrible. The "cave" is poorly made - very tacky, very amateur, and very lame! The crowd pretty much matched the décor, hehe. Everyone appeared to be out-of-towners, who have absolutely no clue. Really, you come to the LES for this??? I went here last night for a friend's party. I've walked past this place many times, but I've never been inside. The DJ was a mess. He started the night off with that "Night at the Roxbury" theme song and continued with these 90s dance music crap. I approached him several times to play some hip hop. The best he can do was... what's her name...ugh...Ke$ha. Yeah, our group did not stay very long. I've lived in the area for years, and I have my favorite spots. I am going to pretend that I never came to La Caverna.
Fun dive bar for dancing. Nice staff, no cover and good crowd. Great place to bring a bigger group of friends.
This is one of those stops I stop by when I am around the LES. The best part is that it really does feel like a cave down there. Also there are no lines or cover to get in. Pros: -No cover -Good music, they play a little of everything. -Diverse crowd; eventhough by the end of the night its mostyly guys. (only good if you are single and into creepy guys) -Hooka and drink are fairly price. The cons: -The dance floor is too small. -No reception. -One bathroom stall, which means a long line.
Enter a majestic cave lit up and open. You're surrounded by young people and the music is crisp. It doesn't matter that it's top 40's or that most of the people who check you out are whatevers. It's such a great atmosphere where you just want to dance and drink and dance some more. The atmosphere transports you to another world.
I saw another post here that mentioned the racist practices by the bouncers here. I've got my own story to share. A white female friend of mine had thrown her birthday party here and strongly recommended the venue. So I called up to book my reservation for a party of 15 about 2 weeks ahead of time. When I spoke to they guy (wish I remembered his name) I gave him the date and the info and he seemed to say that everything was okay. He took down my information and we had basically booked the night when he asked me for my full name to hold the reservation. When I told him my last name, he said "That's an interesting name. Where is it from?"  and I said "Oh, I've got African ancestry. It's from Ghana." He said "Oh Okay. Can I put you on hold for a second?" He then came back and told me that he made a mistake and they were fully booked that night.   Oddly enough, I didn't think anything of it at the time until I retold the story and a friend said "That sounds pretty racist." I hadn't even made the connection in my mind. So my friend called up the next day to book for the same night, same number of people, and he spoke to the same guy. The guy went thru the same shtick, said "Johnson, huh? That's an interesting name. Where is it from" and my friend said "It's Italian, from Florence." and then the guy booked the reservation. Unbelievable. So clearly the venue doesn't want black people having events there, which should be a red flag for ALL people. I strongly suggest not giving them your business and not supporting those kind of business practices.
RACISM ALERT I am a ivy league college educated East-African 23-year old and have always been welcome into La Caverna with open arms by the bouncers....that is when I went with white/non-black friends. This past weekend I had family and friends visiting and took them to La Caverna. I have seen guys denied entry plenty of times because they have no female companions (this happens every weekend), but we only had 1 guy with us and in total 4 girls. We were all dressed very nicely and were 100% sober. We got there right before the usual rush so there was no line. Usually when I get there, the bouncer makes sure that our party is mostly girls and lets us in with no issues. This time, as soon as we approached he took one look at us and asked "What party are you here for?" He was trying to suggest that La Caverna was having a private party on a Saturday night. I looked really confused and asked "There's a private party?" I thought he might be asking how many people were in our party but that was not the case. The bouncer then realized that he remembered me from the time that I previously visited and said "Oh you've been here before, I remember you." Before I could thoroughly question him about the "private party" he ushered me in and didn't even check my ID so that I wouldn't ask questions. It all happened so fast, I wish I had called him out on his lies and taken my family and friends elsewhere. I knew this club lacked diversity but didn't attribute it to the discriminatory nature of the bouncers. How ironic is it that a club with a latin name is racist!?! BEWARE and be strong- do not allow anyone to deny you entry anywhere due to your race, religion, etc. This is simply not right. I called and left a complaint (didn't leave my number). I hope things there start changing.
Love the music here - always a good time! Usually also pretty easy to get into. Took away a star for the credit card minimums and the mandatory coat checks in the winter. Nonetheless, a fun venue!
You have to be very particular about what you're celebrating when you come here, or you're going to be disappointed. PROS: Very good for a group party, or just sitting around BSing over hookah. Nice bartenders. No cover. CONS: No ventilation (which is hideously stupid, considering all the hooka smoke and body odor wafting around the place). Overpriced drinks. Their music playlist is kinda schizophrenic, jumping between genres rather uncomfortably sometimes. DECOR: First of all, you also have to go down 2 flights of stairs to even get to the bar in the first place. It really does feel like a descent into the unknown. The stucco & plaster "cavern" (which lacks any semblance to real rock) is...interesting, for lack of a better word. It's a little too tacky to take seriously in the least, so if you're a homemaker, interior designer, or just plain critical, don't look at the walls too hard. Try going on a Thursday night - the place is E M P T Y, and a good opportunity to stretch out with friends for a few hours. Overall, if you just come - on a weeknight - with a group for the hookah (or the overly tacky atmosphere) and then go somewhere else for cheaper drinks, you should have a pretty enjoyable evening.
I want to love La Caverna, I really do.  Where else can you get a tacky, cave-like area decorated with faux wall paintings, obsidian, and glowing red lights that recall magma surging through subterranean tunnels?  The crowd here can be fun, sketchy, or just downright funny, depending on when you go.   But the reason I must give La Caverna a bad review is because of its service.  The waitresses are loud, pushy, and pretty damn rude.  I ran into a friend there, sat down with him, and they tried to kick me out, as they had thought I wasn't part of his party.  They think nothing of pushing or shoving you, or slapping a twenty dollar service charge onto your bill (which they also did for me). In the end, if you decide to go to La Caverna, do yourself a favor and forget the bottle service.  Hell just skip the place; if you want to be yelled at by a bunch of angry, shriveled blondes, then just go to a biker bar instead.
The music was "jumpin". Lots of good hiphop music, quality of the sound system was ok... No strict dress code (i wore a hat.) Drinks are fairly priced. Crowd was really mixed. Everyone in my group (12people) had fun. I'd definitely come back to this place. ...definitely.
It was so crowded last week we waited 15 minutes at the bar to order drinks, only to be told that it was cash only.  What?! Seriously?!  For a bar this crowded you're operating on a cash only basis?  Wow, utter incompetence.  To add to the mess, there were drunk people everywhere who blindly thrashed through the crowd, spilling drinks everywhere. Oh and it gets hot.  Very hot esp because it's underground and the ventilation system sucks.  There only seems to be one vent in the whole place and drunk + hot + sweaty makes for an AWESOME smell.  It was horrible, the whole place just smelled like feet.  Never again.
I was here on 7/3/14 Thursday for Happy Hour. Was only a dozen ppl but could be because everyone's away for the 4th of July. They have $5 Cosmo, wine, well drinks and beers were cheap! I had the Lychee Martini (not on HH) and it was awesome. Made fresh and enough liquor for a way nice buzz. Hookah was $12. They have Apple, Mango, Strawberry. Music wasn't loud and conversations was flowing. I had a blast with my friends just catching up. I'll definitely come back since the Cosmos were delicious!
I'm a big sucker for ambiance and La Caverna definitely delivers. You walk down the stairs into what appears to be a literal cave, very cool. Drinks were about average for LES standards, but there was one big benefit: No cover. This is a place where tipping the bartender really matters, I saw these two guys not tip and the bartender said something to them about it, then proceeded to point them out to the other bartenders, as if to say make those guys really weak drinks for the rest of the night. It goes the other way too, as after giving a really good tip I was pointed out as well. Not sure if this is the best system, but definitely something to keep in mind if you go here. The music was basically top 40 dance music and in the time I was there the playlist repeated itself, so that wasn't too great, but the dance floor was decently sized and still a lot of fun. Overall its a really cool place to check out in the LES. I would recommend it if you're looking for somewhere to dance with a group of your friends and don't want to pay a cover.
The Good: decent drink prices, no cover charge, good music, fun crowd, and last but not least hot men!! The Con: Line can be a little long at the front door sometimes and may get a bit too crowded. Both times I've been here was a Friday night with some girlfriends. Most people are really nice here and definitely looking to mingle and have a good time (unlike most of new york where people keep to themselves). Lots of visitors and NYU students.
I had gone here a few times in years past and was always at the very least entertained.  However, a recent visit has persuaded me not to go back. This place has the decor going for it, for sure.  You can spend the night harkening back to your Earth Science days of trying to differentiate between stalagmites and stalactites (ok, fine, those were my Earth Science days).  It amounts to a cool effect the first time that you go.  Also, the drinks are pretty good and the music is good enough.  That's where the good things end. The place gets ridiculously crowded with an unhappy combination of Bridge and Tunnel people and former frat boys.  People push like crazy on the dance floor and the crowd isn't even fun.  The dance floor is super small and the layout sucks.  With all the great places in the area, don't waste your time on this one.
I can't say this place is awesome. Their hookah is cheaply designed and does not filter well. Their food sucks. Their wine is mediocre. This place is worth a visit for it's theme. It would make a great set for a movie scene due to it's cave ambience. I can't speak for the music, but it should be good since I saw people later on in hte evening having a good time. Don't ever come here early evening. Go after 11pm on a Friday or Saturday night. The music and the crowd are alive. The setting is worth a view. beers are $5.
It looks like hell inside, and that's because it is.  Why does hell get two stars? 1) Hell apparently has a pretty sweet dance soundtrack, and 2) it did not swallow me up and trap me inside as I tried to leave, as I'd imagined it might, like the Cave of Wonders from Aladdin. I've been to this place twice, and each time, I felt like I was being slow-roasted by the stale and smelly hot air. Yes, the inside is uniquely set up to look like a cave, with interesting red lighting, but the execution of the idea came out looking kind of cheap and plastic. The First Time: I went around 10pm on a Thursday night last winter. On the plus side, there was no line and no cover.  I bought one drink, which was rather stocked with ice and was pretty weak. It quickly became so jam-packed inside that in order to move mere inches, you had to squeeze through several people; if you tried to stay in the same spot, good luck to you, because you'd be continually jostled and shoved. The crowd composition seemed pretty varied, but with many large groups of girls congregating in circles.  After a short time, the downsides (hot, crowded) outweighed the benefits (good song! good song! It's red in here!) and I left so I could breathe. The Second Time: Halloween at 3am. Same story, but this time I lasted literally 10 seconds. Caveat: Maybe I am too old to enjoy this type of place now (28); it's like a lot of places I used to happily go to pre-21.
It is actually a nice place with nice/interesting people. So why am i giving it a one star? The whiskey they sell you is fake whiskey...ONLY drink beers in that place.... Story below: My friends and i always drink "black label", it is not a fancy whiskey but not the worst one either (usually ranges between 10 and 18 dollars in manhattan). The first time when we ordered it, we though it tasted weird and thought maybe the waiter had a bad bottle or the bottle or something... The second time, same thing happened and we realized that the black label coming out of that bottle is not black label..It is either mixed with another cheap type of whiskey, or it is a completely different whiskey... Anyways, i rarely yelp but felt everyone should know about this as i was surprised these tricks to increase the profit margins are happening in NYC... i have seen it been done in developing countries i usually travel to, but it is the first time i see it in NYC.
I love this bar for its down-to-earth professional crowd, ease of getting in, and affordability.  The music is great, and once the clock hits midnight on the weekend, people definitely get their dance pants on.
Worst bar ever....bouncers tried to grab my girlfriends ass....never going back...avoid theses sleazeballs like the plague
Wow, I am surprised by the horrible reviews for La Caverna!  I was there for a birthday party this past weekend and was pretty impressed.  I must admit that I got there at around 11 pm and avoided the hour long wait in the cold that some of the other party-goers endured, but still my expereince was great.  The bartender was assertive and quick with my drinks.  The decor really makes you feel as if you are in an underground cave with the rough walls and dim lighting.  The crowd was pretty young, I would say averaging around 25, but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I got packed around 12-12:30 and they stopped letting people in....including friends attneding the same party I was.  The music started off pretty bad with a mix of old house music, but really got bumpin' with some great hip-hop around 11:30-12.  At that point, people started dancing, albeit dancing pretty closely due to the crowd. Ok, so yeah it's crowded, but that's what makes it fun.  I definitely enjoyed La Caverna....just get there early.
Went here for a friend's birthday party last nite, and i really dont know why everyone hates this place...First, the cons: The place is a bit on the small side, like, pretty small...my friend invited all these people (40+) to the place, and by the time 1/2 of her crew arrived we could barely even move, cuz the place got pretty pakked by then... And that's it for the cons! The place is built really well, its a cool looking venue (yes, it looks like a cave, but it's still pretty cool)...i ordered a whiskey & coke, and got a glass filled to the brim with almost all whiskey, it was so strong it took me quite a while to finish it, but atleast i didnt have to get another drink for a while! The DJ was great, at first he was playing house music, which is really fun to dance to, and he was mixing it quite well, then he went into Hip-Hop/Rap after midnite or so, and that's when the place really went off...plus if you like hookah, here's a good spot to do that as well...i'm not a smoker, but it's nice to know there's the option around! If you're gonna take the hookah route though, i would advise getting there early, you wont have much room to do anything after it gets to the later hours....anyways all in all i had a great time, i would definitely go bakk....for sure...
Horrible cheese. Go across the street to welcome to the johnsons. from the outside, it doesn't look that bad, but from the inside, i thought it seemed like a crappy suburban bar trying to be cool.
Go downstairs after you've gotten your cupcake next door, and you'll enter into a cavernous venue.  This is definitely an interesting looking restaurant/lounge without a cover, so why not check it out?  Their happy hour includes $4 wells, which is always a nice start to a long night of LES bar hopping.
The summer I arrived in NYC - over 5 years now, La Caverna was one of the mainstays. I was a regular because of the great music and enthusiastic crowd. I always left sweaty and with a smile no earlier than 3am, having danced through my shoes and had my ego fortified by cute boys. I let myself be taken there this past weekend and wow, it was like traveling back in time. Everything looked the same, except the music was no longer fun. It was no longer good and without that, the dancing was also in deficit. Sadly I thought it would bring back good memories but it only made me nostalgic for a spot that obviously expired years ago.
Well, if you're into huge, packed dive bars predominantly populated by drunk kids that struggle to discern whisky from gasoline this is your place. To each his own. I wouldn't go there unless I was so wasted I couldn't tell the difference.
A good place to drop $30 on a credit card minimum and to blackout a make out on the dance floor.
Crazy spot in the LES...been here about 4-5 times, party can be hit or miss like many places in this area but overall I think it's a good party spot with some decent drink specials.....walls have cave like features thus the Caverna name...they also offer Hookah which seems to be all the rage in lots of places and people smoke it all up in their attempt at being hip....in college all my middle eastern friends smoked on the campus grounds and they taught me it's something to be better enjoyed in relative quietness (not a pouncing club) and if possible, outdoors is always better, but hey, whatever floats your boat on the club scene, better hookah than people raging off molly.
This place waters down their liquor for sure. I ordered 5 shots of vodka and they were about 50% water. The place gets sweltering hot when there are lots of people. The cave basically turns into a furnace. Wouldn't come here again. Go to a more well aired bar that doesn't try to scam you.
I've been here a couple of times with a group of friends, and it has it's good nights and bad ones. The decor is unique, looking like a cave and all, and the music is great to dance to! With mostly 90s and 2000s hip-hop and such, I really enjoy myself when I'm there. Only downsides: the dance floor is too small for the number of people they let in - which  sometimes looks like under-aged girls, it's gets waayyy to hot, making people sweat and cram for some time in front of the few fans in the joint, and the drinks are a little pricey. I would go back for dancing, but either budget for booze, start somewhere else, or not drink much.
This place sucks. Door guys are jerks. They let half of our party of 15 in with shorts, and then denied the other half 5 minutes later because they have shorts? At least enforce a dress code consistently.
Ok...so after the decor loses its appeal...this place is OK The food is decent, the drinks are decent, and they have hookah and I love my hookah....BUT after around 12:30 this place gets really packed and at times the crowd can be pretentious and annoying. During off-nights it's cool to relax with friends by the comfy couches, order drinks, and smoke a bit. Weekends--I'll head somewhere else.
La Caverna or The Cave or that Italian restaurant that also serves hookah? that turns into a party that broke Batman would throw? By 11pm there were a few groups spread around.   By 12, you'll be lost in a sea of people.   With a bar right in the middle, the longer more narrow sides are difficult to navigate through which can throw off one's swagger-like walk.  The vibe I got from the crowd was a diverse mix of  random mating and fangs.  Bottom line, expect the typical bat cave seen.   For better or for worse, big crowd, 5-6 bartenders, hookah and theme will lure you in or away.
Whoever thought to design a lounge/club after caves should go back to design school. Worst idea ever! You name your club after the decor and it's gaudy. Bad sign. So much broken glass on the floor. Just like a real cave! J/K..... That place got so hot....they had to turn on their ghetto fans. Yes, FANS....not air conditioning. DJ....get some more tunes. I don't want to be hearing the same playlist over and over here. Please don't come here. EVER.
La Caverna... just awful. I've never eaten here but I imagine the food is probably pretty poor. Obviously theme-y, I stay away but occasionally a friend of a friend of a friend has a party here and I end up dragging myself out. Once I had a pretty good time when it wasn't crowded at all and a friend paid for hookah. Chilling on a couch with some nice smoking was actually decent. Later in the night though, this place fills up and it's a sorry, sorry excuse for a wannabe club. The one upside is bottles of Peroni for $5. I guess if you like pretty lame music and dancing, then it's alright. But I don't like those things. So why, then, do I find myself on line at the door trying to convince the impressively obnoxious bouncer to let me in here? That's probably the most frustrating part... that I am actually trying to talk my way into a place that I know I don't even want to go to. GET OVER YOURSELF... "mandatory coat check"? Gimme a break. I will not be coming back again unless I absolutely have to. Maybe I'd come by during off hours and relax, but that's highly doubtful.
I actually had a good time here.  The crowd was pretty decent, the music was good, although I'm not able to comment on the drinks/prices because I was a little buzzed :-).  I did remember having a martini and it was excellent (but again, that could be because it was my fourth martini of the night).   I do remember a fight breaking out though and nearly getting hurt.  That was not fun. But the inside decor was nice, the bar looked snazzy, and if you're just looking for a good time, you can find it.
When I first walked into La Caverna, I might have given it 3 stars.  It wasn't too crowded, they were playing "fun" music, although it wasn't quite my thing, and the crowd seemed nice.  The whole cave theme was interesting, if a little cheesy and theme-parkish to me. Fast forward to not even an hour later...the place is completely packed to the gills, it has become a sweatbox, and everyone is completely wasted and jostling and bumping into each other.  I couldn't get out fast enough.  The drinks were standard $9 or $10, and the bartender poured them nice and strong, but still, it was not worth the hassle. I think I'll leave the cave dwelling to the bats...
I'm surprised this place is not listed as a lounge as well. I guess it's crowded enough which is the reason for 4 and not 5 stars. I've gotten runs in my hosiery nearly every time I've been here due of the lack of space and likelihood of a tipsy patron sitting with her stiletto heel facing the crowd (smh). Dance floor could be bigger but it does its job. The music is top 40, house/dance/techno mix, and classic hip-hop. There's also a real DJ and not an ipod on shuffle. The crowd was a mix of early 20's to this older guy, about 55, who was probably there to pick up his daughter but got smashed and fell asleep on the couch. He was nice enough to watch our coats without really knowing it. I like that it's a diverse crowd. Pretty good looking crowd with more aesthetically pleasing faces by the bar. Drinks are on point and about 10 bucks and up. Bouncers aren't douchey. They're actually pretty courteous and funny but I'm always with girls so that may explain it. There's never a cover charge when I go. I don't mind the cave walls either.
