I'm not really sure what I was expecting from Raines.  After reading the rave reviews, I finally had an opportunity to check the place out.  Made a reservation for 3 people on a Tuesday evening at 6:30 and it was accepted with no problem.  I walked down the stairs, rang the bell and was greeted by a friendly host at the door who gave me my choice of open tables. It was a very hot, humid evening and I was looking forward to a little a/c, but they must have been conserving energy since it was equally hot and stuffy inside.  This was a real negative for me. Our server was friendly and brought our well-prepared drinks in quick fashion.  I had the Mexican Firing Squad and my friends both had the South Side Rickey - both tasty.  The menu is identical to the one online.   Most, if not all of the drinks all contained sweet elements, like syrups or muddled fruit, etc.  I prefer a more savory cocktail and there were really no options unless I ordered a traditional drink like a martini or a gibson, of which there were no variations.  I have to downgrade Raines for this reason.  They did have Partida tequila on the menu though, which is my favorite brand of the moment. Overall, even given the heat levels, it was still a good experience.  The seating was comfortable and the noise level was low enough to have a conversation with the people in your party without shouting.
This spot is nice. small and they acted as if they didnt have any space but when I went into side it was empty. I was confused. There was an hour wait for nothing. It has a very old fashion..When you walk into this spot its like walking back in time..I love the back kitchen bar area so small but still interesting.  watching the action of the drink making. You can only go to a place like this with someone who would appreciate the classic ambience, it has a lot of character...
Slightly pretentious but a lovely space and nice cocktails... and we thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance and great service.  I still like my Uptown speakeasy the best though, 67 Orange Street; but when I'm downtown and in the mood for a real drink, I'll definitely be stopping by here and the Flatiron Lounge!
I cannot help but give this place 5 stars. From ringing the doorbell, to being greeted and escorted into their famous "kitchen" at the back--the whole experience was an adventure. We were initially seated in the kitchen where we had  full view of the bartender/mixologist. He was super polite and nicely dressed. Note: the drinks are strong. Coming from Toronto where you're used to watered down drinks, this was a nice change. I could only have two.  I like how the bartender's "champagne assistant" was topping off every drink with Moet & Chandon.We were given a table afterwards in the main lounge. It was dark, sexy and mysterious. Never crowded. I LOVED Raines. It was such a memorable night and I cannot wait to go back again!
Braved the snow storm last night and visited one of my new "go to" spots.   This was my second visit to Raines Law but it will definitely not be my last.  This place has a great old fasioned-speakeasy feel to it.  A very relaxed and cozy atmosphere.  Great place to go to with a small group of friends and actually be able to engage in some friendly banter.    The service is exceptional and I haven't even mentioned the best thing about RLR....the drinks!  They are amazing!  See Meagan....she won't disappoint.
This is probably my favorite bar.  I love the hidden entrance, chic decor, and delicious drinks.  They always say the wait will be something ridiculous but I always get a seat before finishing my first drink. Also, who doesn't love the convenience of pushing a button for wait service?
When you walk through the door, you're greeted by a classy and calming atmosphere. The decor creates a very unique experience in that you might temporarily forget where you are. The drinks are incredibly good -- their menu has a wide variety of mixtures to fit any mood. The place always has just the right amount of people inside, and the service is attentive and efficient. I'd highly recommend this place if you want to enjoy a relaxing evening with friends and out-of-town visitors. It's got a great history -- you can read about it on the first page of the menu -- and you'll enjoy every sip of whatever you order.
LOVE this place! By far the best speak easy in Manhattan. My recommendation is to make reservations well in advance. Without a reaervation you may have to wait outside since they won't seat you at the bar. Also the booths inside can only seat six so this isn't a place for a big group. I've tried several of the drinks here. They are strong, so worth the high price. My favorite is the Branble -gin and blackberry muddled. If you enjoy some spice and tequila, the Garden Paloma is worth a try. If you want something very strong and true to the speak easy theme I would order the Vieux Carre it seems to be the favorite among the guys. The place is small and intimate, great for a date. I've been here 3 times in the past couple of months, and everyone I bring has loved it too!
Good. I like the vibe and the drinks were well made. Different feel since there's hardly an actual 'bar' and you have to stand right in front of the bartender if you want to talk. I can see that room getting very crowded and uncomfortable during peak hours. I went right when they opened, had a drink, and took off.
Don Draper opened the door.  Or at least, that's what I expect coming here.  The decor is indeed ready for a closeup in some wonderful time-specific hollywood production.  You can imagine flappers and men in three piece suits hanging around enjoying the forbidden fruit of their day (alcohol).  Raines Law Room is a speakeasy at its finest. As far as drinks go, Gold Rush is indeed your best bet.  It's REAL good.  El Diablo isn't on the menu but highly recommended as well. If you can take a moment away from your makeout partner, i mean, table mates (this place seems to have that effect on people.  be warned)... walk around and take a look at the ridiculously stylish and unique kitchen/bar area.  Ring the doorbell on the wall next to your table to order more drinks.  This place is authentically cool.
This is once of the very first places I bookmarked on yelp and two years later, I finally got to try it. I really like the front door.  Really, I do.  I remember walking in and thinking that the decor was cute.  The atmosphere was cool without being pretentious. However, as the night progressed, it wasn't as I'd anticipated.  I'm sorry to say that I overestimated this speakeasy. Of course, there are some parts I enjoyed such as: - the decor and the comforting feel it provides - our server/bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly - the menu was extensive and well written - the service is something I can't complain about Although... to be honest, I think I make a better, more cost-efficient cocktail.   If you're looking for drinks, I think there's plenty of bars (that probably don't share the atmosphere) with better drinks, but if what you're looking for is environment, then give this place a shot.
This place is awesome!  But very hard to get into.  My friends put their name down and waited for two hours.  When my other friend and I arrived, the French doorman told us that we would have to wait 1-2 hours, until we told him that we were meeting our friends who already waited 2 hours.  And he immediately said, yes, you will be the only ones who get in tonight, since they already waited two hours for a table.  Once we got in, they moved us to a bigger booth (velvet couches!) and we enjoyed fancy cocktails and chill fun.  Love the ambience here!  And it's like a secret location with unmarked door, old school decor inside.  LOVE IT!
In terms of atmosphere, this is one of the best speakeasies I have ever been to.  The booths are private and seductive. The kitchen area is quaint and makes you feel as if you are hanging out with a mixologist in a beautiful apartment.  Attention is paid to almost every aspect of the lounge's decor. (Be sure to check-out the Kama Sutra-esque wallpaper).  The mixologist is SO freindly and he will answer any and all of your questions.   Only downside, you will be waiting forever to actually be invited in.  On a Friday and Saturday night, be ready to wait at least 2 hours for them to let you inside.  They will call you on your cell when either your table is available.   Drinks are delicious and strong, and made with care.  Pricey ($13 a pop) but for such a sexy environment this is acceptable.   Make sure you check out this space while you are in NYC, either with girlfriends or with that special someone.  It will be sure to arise your senses and tickle your tastebuds.   P.S.  To the owner: You should allow reservations here!!! Check out Bourbon and Branch's (SF) reservation system.  This would work out well here!
This place was really nice! I haven't been to many speakeasys at all but after reading all the reviews I had to come try. I came here with my coworker. So online it says reservations are only for Sunday and Tuesday I believe. We made a reservation for Tuesday night around 10. There's a 15 min grace period and you have to email them by 4pm. I think I emailed at 4:15 and they still ok'd my reservation. However when we got there we would have been okay without it. On the street there's a little stairway to a door with a doorbell on the left to enter. The place was very ...20's I liked it! It smelled very...musky but in a classy way. I don't know how to describe it. It's dark and you sit on velvety couches on the side. It wasn't packed when I was there but the doorbell service thing didn't work for us. There's a doorbell you pull on next to the tables to get service. We were waiting for a very long time and no one came so my coworker decided to just order at the kitchen in the back. they give you complimentary popcorn but you'll have to ask for it. I think this is a pretty cool place and i'd come again. OH i think the best way to describe it for me at least is a place you'd imagine sherlock homes chilling at.
Went here on the night of the big storm with my wife and a couple of close friends -- it was wonderful.  We had a little booth to ourselves and enjoyed some very well-mixed cocktails.  We had made a reservation earlier in the day, so no problem getting in right away.  The only problem was that the reservation confirmation came only about 90 mins before the time we'd requested...so we didn't know it was a reservation until we were already running late.  That said, the Raine's folks were accommodating when we rolled in 30 mins late.
Raine's has a very intimate atmosphere, a great place to take your significant other to...if you can spare some time and can appreciate cocktails. They only accept reservation via e-mail Sundays, Mondays, and Tuesdays, for the other days it's a first come first serve basis. My boyfriend made reservations for a Tuesday evening and we have the choice of choosing where we would like to sit. The place is dim and dark with candles all around. There are comfortable cushioned couches surrounding the area when you step into the lounge. All the way towards the back is the bar, if you rather stand and drink by the bar you are certainly welcome to do that. But why would I stand when I have the luxury choice of sitting on a cushioned seat. Each "booth" has their own bell so you can ring for service. Lucky us, we sat where there is no bell and the waitress assured us that she will come by often to see if we need anything. The drinks are very pungent and the mixologists were definitely heavy on the liquor. They don't have any bar food but they do give you a small serving of cheddar popcorn which is refillable. I like the idea of couches and the laid back setting. Definitely a place worthy of a return.
When Ron Burgandy tells me to stay classy, I imagine this is where I should go. Behind the dark curtains is the moody, sultry interior of a hushed 1920s speakeasy. There are limited seats for crowd control, but once you're in, you're never rushed out. Plush, tufted sofas are strategically placed in private corners and intimate booths, each outfitted with a discrete doorbell that calls over a waiter when you're ready. The vibe is a cool jazz with very friendly service and solid drinks. A great spot to catch up with friends without having to yell over anything.
Definitely a cool place to go, but even better for a private party that I attended. Decor is fantastic and the bartender made fantastic drinks. It's like stepping back in time.  Because it is a small place it can only hold a certain amount of people, so luckily we had a small group. A definite stop.
Raines Law Room is about as pretentious as it gets when it comes to speak easys, and for the record it is worth it! The melancholic entrance provides the perfect disguise to what lies within, but of course you have to pay your dues.  If you're lucky enough to ring the door bell when it is completely empty, then you might be rewarded with immediate entrance.  However, 95% of the time, the place will be 30% filled, which means a 45-60 minute wait.  Hence the pretension.  If you do the time, you will get to enjoy the crime.  We were met with a 45 minute wait on a Thursday at 10pm.  We killed the time at near by "Rye" bar.  Once inside, everything else is effortless.  The drinks are strong and good.  The service is impeccable.  The decor and setting....stunning.  Of course you look around at the near vacant seats and wonder why you had to wait for so long, but once a cocktail in within your grasp you realize it was just in its nature. Pretension is a very tricky device.  If used correctly, like in Raines Law Room, all can be forgiven as well as over looked.  If used incorrectly, like in almost everywhere, it will neither be forgiven nor overlooked and everyone suffers.
One of my favorite speakeasies in NYC. Has a very open layout, with a kitchen in the back where mixologists take your order and prepare your drinks. Took about two hours to get in on a Thursday night. Went nearby to Flatiron Lounge (whose drinks I feel were equally as good) until we could go inside. I've certainly experienced better mixologists in NYC, but the ambiance and decor really sell this place. It's a great place for a date as well as with a group of friends you enjoy having conversation with while experiencing the various drinks this place has.
This place is awesome! Drinks are a true art, pricey as others mentioned but so worth it. Will definitely go back. Thanks Raines Room for providing a great night out.
Dark, grown and sexy. Yup that sums it up. I believe the website says this is the place to come if you want to be discrete and not recognized. I would probably agree with that as you can't just stumble upon this place (walk downstairs, ring a doorbell and wait to be escorted to a seat- not exactly a stop on a random bar tour), but....you will most likely be seated directly across from that couple that's attempting to not be noticed. Thy offer a small outdoor area if you desire, but you totally lose the ambiance of this place by venturing outdoors. Instead get into the flow of his place, sit back, ring the bell for your server and order one of those delectable fresh cocktails that only speakeasies have seemed to perfect. I probably wouldn't want to make a full night of his place as it doesn't foster the ability to interact with others outside of your group, but definitely is great for a drink. I was there on a Thursday by 6 pm and it was more than half full at that point so plan accordingly.
This place truly feels like a speakeasy! Hard to spot, hard to get in most times, small but comfy space, 1920's feel, quiet, very friendly staff (but not overbearing). Drinks are nice and strong! Bring a date or a close girlfriend. For everyone's sake, please don't come with a large group...let's keep this place authentic and a spot everyone can enjoy.
Cool place for drinks.  Bad cheese plate - don't order it.  Nice feature - bells by each table to call for service.  Good place to bring people from out of town to impress them with an NYC "speakeasy."
Along with Tippler, this is my favorite cocktail bar in the city.   Its really an experience.  Just coming to the entrance, with minimal to no signage, you enter the lower level by first knocking and being greeted by someone who then closes, locks, checks if there is space, and then you are either in or not.  Kind of fun. The drinks are awesome.   Service after work (around 6pm) has been slow lately.  But, this is understandable due to the time it takes to make a drink.   I SUGGEST walking over and watching them prepare the drinks.  This completes the experience with a kitchen ambiance at the bar area, and methodological craftsmen/women making exquisite cocktails with excellent tools such as chilled glasses and ice balls/cubes that keep the drinks nice and cool... - Chet Baker is a fantastic drink with rum - The El Diablo was well received by my colleague Enjoy!
We came here for a pre-dinner drink at 5:30pm on a Friday night, so we didn't have a problem getting seated right away. The ambiance was very cool, romantic and intimate. We each only had one drink before our dinner reservation, but both were very good. I wish we could have stayed longer, but we will definitely be back.
Great Place.. everything's already been said.
100th review milestone. oh, boy. and this is a good one . . . i'll try to contain myself. first, i'll stop blushing . . . for while raines is certainly reason enough to blush, add to it a hot date and then . . . a whole new level, folks. but, i'll try to be as objective as possible. it was a Thursday night at 7 p.m. and raines was taking reservations. my date took care of the logistics then we headed to flat iron lounge to pass the time . . . don't worry, i'll get to that review next. when we headed back to raines, the doorman recognized my partner in crime for the night and welcomed us in to this darling abode. with standing room only, we headed to the back where the bar is located. we perused the menu and decided on the kentucky buck fifty for him and a champagne cocktail for me (apologies but the exact name escapes me). needless to say, our cocktails were superb and were some of the best specialty cocktails i've ever had at a speakeasy. not to mention that the vibe in this place certainly adds to the enjoyment of the drinks. laid-back. unpretentious. chill. and did i mention how gorgeous the interior is? not on the cusp of vintage yet grungy. rather, lovely and endearing. it's heavenly, really. about halfway through our first cocktails we were welcomed to a seating area. as previous yelpers have mentioned, the seating areas are not all that intimate - that is, if sitting across from two other people bothers you. however, we're new yorkers . . . a solid 5 feet between seats and you should be breathing easy. this seating area didn't bother me. we ordered a second round of drinks and eased our way into conversation. i'll spare the details as he'll probably end up reading this review one day. haha. maybe? (hi, you). after some great cocktails and conversation we bounced . . . satisfied with our venue choice of the night. one more bookmarked NYC hot spot checked off our lists! #Winning
Nice, intimate, low-key place to just chill.  I had never been to a speak easy before, so it was a nifty experience.  It just sucks that we had to wait more than an hour =\
I truly enjoy speakeasy-esque places, but this place was not impressing. The drinks weren't too great and the bartender wasn't too friendly. Eh, could do better.
We decided to brave the Saturday night crowds at Raines last weekend at around 10 pm. There was, naturally, quite a wait, but I have no idea how long the wait actually was for our party of 5 since my friend got there way before the rest of us and put our name in (thanks, Aaron). Once everyone arrived we waited about 30 minutes and passed the time at the karaoke place across the street, where a very loud, angry, boisterous drunk girl literally screamed hits from Les Mis. In stark contrast, everyone at Raines was on their best behavior. It's been mentioned in many other reviews, but yes, the atmosphere of the place is classy as hell. The little doorbell system at the front, the low lighting, and the optional curtains that your booth can use to create a semi-private little space all contribute to the speakeasy vibe. There seem to be differing opinions on whether Raines is more suitable for groups or dates. I'd say either, but dates are definitely do-able here. Yes, you're probably going to be seated facing other people you don't know, and it's a little awkward because the seating arrangements turn you into a de facto group of sorts, but the couches really are far enough away from each other so that you can have a private conversation. I had two cocktails and sampled many others. I loved most of them, just liked a few, and disliked none. I am wholeheartedly devoted to mezcal, tequila's sultry, smoky cousin, so I first tried the Pour Vida, a mezcal, lime, Benedictine and cointreau combo. It may be one of their seasonal cocktails, as it wasn't listed on the online menu and I actually had to email them since I couldn't remember the name nor the exact ingredients (thank you, Meaghan, for your quick response). I really enjoyed it; at first the complexities of the drink escaped me a bit, but I appreciated it more with every sip. The far more popular San Luis Cup (mezcal, chili syrup, muddled lime and cucumber, salt and pepper) was even more delicious- smoky, savory and slightly spicy- but the drink itself was rather small and filled with ice. That one was actually a friend's drink so I only had a sip. I think my second drink was the Kentucky Buck Fifty, but I honestly can't say for sure. But it, whatever it was, was wonderful too. Delicious cocktails and atmosphere are really what you're looking at when reviewing a speakeasy, and Raines delivered on both points. Fine service and, yes, the bathroom wall paper that invokes kamashastra, could only help brighten our already enjoyable experience.
I don't remember too much about this place (it was the last stop of the night) but I do remember that it was very chill, very chic, very quiet and pretty expensive. I know the "cocktail of the night" was a $16 drink that tasted like straight champagne. Best part of the night was some random guy somehow snuck into the DJ area and put on some Lady Gaga. We got a kick out of it, and a free drink! Score!
Ambiance 4.5 but you have to like that theme Service 4 Drinks 3.5 Surprisingly, didnt enjoy the drinks as much as i thought i would. Great date spot and great place to bring a visiting friend but not sure it makes sense as a place to hang out w/ friends given possible wait or requirement to stand w/out seating, higher priced drinks and darker ambiance. Key things to note: -they tak resos for sun, mon, and tues night via email from their website -if you table isnt ready yet, they have you wait at the 'bar' which is the back part of the place and is where they make the drinks in a kitchen like atmosphere, albeit, a very cool kitchen -small space with speakeasy theme makes it a very initmate setting -cool bell you can pull on for each table makes ordering very easy -the drinks list is extensive and you can always ask the bartender (i wouldnt ask the waitress) for recommendations as the bartender can make drinks off menu -noticed that most of the drinks use some sort of lemon or lime juice....interesting -drinks are around $13-15 w/ the 'high end' drinks and champagne based drinks $22 -they do serve wine and beer
AWESOME bar. It was so intimate and deco, it felt very exclusive s great date place. Highly recommend coming here for a date.
I came here one night on a weeknight around 11pm, so it was pretty empty in comparison to a weekend. Something about it was a little off to me, as there were couches everywhere and you seemed like you were open on display, which I think kills the intimacy factor. This is probably one of the more classy speakeasies in the city, as you don't walk through an alley way or go through a hot dog shop to get there. They have some interesting drinks, which I enjoyed... can't recall what they were at this point though! :)
I'm a total fan of the Raines Law Room! So easy to reserve an "appointment" for myself and two of my bestie's. The drinks were great & the atmosphere was chill. We sampled many drinks, all worth trying out. I think our favorite ended up being The American Trilogy, such a perfect, smooth drink served with the biggest, clearest ice cube I've ever seen, just a beautiful drink! We also ordered the olive, cheese and cured meats tray, also very good! I highly recommend this lounge for small groups to hang out and catch up in a relaxing, nicely decorated, well staffed & friendly place to unwind!
Great environment for a few drinks and intimate conversation with a date. Not a place where you take someone you barely know or take more than 1-2 people. Romantic, dark, classy, intimate. The owner of the bar epitomizes and sets the tone of the bar from the moment you walk in.
JUST GO. NOW. And dress to impress.
Quiet, dark, comfortable with delicious, expensive drinks. A place to talk with a friend, rather than to make new friends.
One of my favorite speakeasies in New York! I keep coming back for the wonderful experience that staff makes sure we all have. Love the cocktails. Love the invisible service - nobody bugs you but you just one bell ring away from getting someone to attend your drink desire. Love the seating area Love the people I met here.. Usually I come here, put my name down and to pass some time before I get a call from Raines - I go to Rye across a street for a drink.
decided to try this spot after hearing lots of hype. It's speakeasy style like PDT or Apotheke. I liked it a lot, but not as much as the aforementioned establishments. The arrogant French host and jamming people into the back "bar," which was more of a kitchen than a bar were the draw backs. Once seated, the pull lever for service was quite inventive.
I don't know... Maybe it's just the hangover talking, but I wasn't impressed with this place. Yes, it's an unmarked door and yes, the guy answering it is going to give you the run around and yes the interiors are plush and sexy. Fine, but listen, last night's drinks were bad. Flat out bad. There's no other way to say it. I'd suggest returning for another try but probably don't have the patience to score another reservation.
Love the concept of this place and it is really well executed (a1920's speakeasy - even the bartender and hosts are dressed accordingly and the music fits the theme, and yet it does not feel staged at all - you do feel a bit like you've been transported back in time though). Just wish it was a little more accessible! On busy nights (Friday and Saturday), you'll need to put your name on the list and wait for a few hours to be called. I once went on an early Sunday evening - pretty much had the place to ourselves which was cool because you do feel like you are in someone's home in the '20's. I wish that they would take over the townhouse next door (or the floors above) and expand... Drinks are fantastic but expensive but I think it is well worth the experience (Drinks are made in the kitchen of the townhouse, and when it's warm enough, you can go out and have your drink on the patio).
Ring the doorbell and be prepared to fall in love. If you're lucky, you'll get a comfortable couch in a beautifully asthetic living room with service that is discreet and relaxed. No rushing you, no pressuring you to make a choice. Call the waitress when YOU'RE ready by pulling the chain near your seat. I loved it here and the cocktails were strong and tasty. I have never felt so sophisticated and attended to. Thanks for having a place where one can have a good drink and good conversation!
i dont dig their slightly pretentious door policy, where a 45 minute wait seems standard. but drinks here are top-notch. DEFINITELY try their bramble, an incredibly refreshing drink with generous amounts of crushed blackberries. don't be embarrassed to fish for remains either. unless you pull on the switch for assistance, nobody will pay you any attention.
I want to go back and try every drink on the menu. Yes it is expensive but damn is it sexy. However it is not over the top like some places can be nor flashy or cheesy; just classy, cool and dark. So much so that you can easily forget the price tag and just hang out, talking, eating popcorn and drinking delicious libations.
Love this place! Great date place! It's sexy and dark and great for a conversation. Definitely a great starter place! Drinks are amazing-love it here!
Raines Law Room is what Batman's cave might have looked like in, oh, 1848 (or whatever, the 1920s). Think of it as a cozy, clandestine, well-decorated little time machine. It's deliciously quiet, not uncomfortably silent; because of this, I'd prefer to go here on a date or just with one other person in general-- the space is too intimate for a group and the inevitable racket that comes along with it. I've always had an easy time with the gentlemen at the door, who are always polite and accommodating. And, liking spicy drinks, I'd put money down on the San Luis Cup, for what it's worth.
My wife wanted to leave as I knocked on a random dark door at the bottom of the stair well. Then she never wanted to leave again! The Raines law room is fantastic. The vibe and decor, the drinks, and the over all experience was a top spot in our trip thru the city. I recommend this place a 100 times over!
We entered without a wait on Sunday night, and it was the stuff of dreams:  quiet, subdued ambiance meets delicious drinks and excellent service.
Great romantic date venue. have been here on Tuesday and Wednesday nights and needed a reservation every time. excellent ambiance and drink selection. If you are looking for a mellow place to sit back and sip a couple of well crafted cocktails, this is the spot for you.
I love it here!!! Bartenders and host are always super nice, the atmosphere is quiet and intimate, the patio is beautiful, and their drinks are delicious. My favorite speakeasy so far.
This was my first "speakeasy" experience.  I know i'm way late on this trend, but whatever.  When we first got there at 6:30 on a Monday the place was pretty empty.  We sat near the fire place, not knowing it was the only place there that doesn't have a light to call the waitress. i originally thought would be a problem, but the waitress stopped by often to check up on us. The drinks we had were very good, although they take a while to make them.  Once the place started to fill up you were waiting like 10 minutes for a drink.  I found the menu to be pretty limited, plus i had no idea what was in most of these drinks.  There were a ton of gin options, but i didn't see anything with vodka.  I was able to pick out some things i thought i'd enjoy, but there weren't many that caught my eye.  This is definitely worth checking out once, but don't think this cocktail lounge scene is my thing.
Favorite speakeasy that I've been to so far. The waitlist looked quite long, but since it was close to the end of the night, the host somehow got us in with only a few minutes wait. The drink I ordered was stronger than I had hoped for, but still delicious. The decor was beautiful - better than I've seen any speakeasy-esque space. The place felt elegant, but still cozy and comfortable. I'll definitely be coming back.
As good as it gets.  The place is incredibly cool, smells amazing, has wonderful and reasonably priced drinks, and best of all, the people who work there are ridiculously friendly and unpretentious. The Rome fizzy drink was perfect. BTW....Check out the wallpaper in the bathroom.
Fabulous!  Perfect for a romantic end to a dinner date or a night out with a few girlfriends. I went on a random Tuesday night (not knowing their "reservations policy") and lucked out landing a table by being a extra nice to the tall French guy @ the door (moustache is questionable).  The dimly lit room with low, classy music playing in the background is the perfect setting to sip your drink slowly as you sink into one of their cozy, luxurious chairs.  They take reservations a few days in advance on Sun, Mon and Tuesdays ONLY....the rest of the week is first come, first serve. Wish we knew that going in but then again, the doorman was kind enough to seat us right away even though they were pretty packed that night.  Will definitely make it my speakeasy of choice in my hood!
Up there with Campbell Apartment in terms of hidden New York spot to take out of towners (and natives), though far exceeds it in terms of service.  The cocktails are works of art and you've likely never had one like it anywhere else (only Apotheke and Milk & Honey come to mind as comparable).  Highly recommended...
Love: the doorbell the decor the people the drinks the kitchen "bar" the intimate atmosphere A little pricey but I'm from Chicago so I'm not use to seeing the ridiculous prices. Such a cozy and sophisticated place, I will definitely come back here when I visit.
Great little loungey spot with amazing drinks (highly recommend the Moscow Mule). Very intimate and small. I was here for a birthday and we had the whole space rented out. Lots of great little seating areas with plush couches and dark curtains. The only complaint I have is that there were mice everywhere! I think I saw at least three different times. Not sure if it was the same mouse or different mice, but it definitely had me on edge all night
Utterly, almost aggressively civilized.  A favorite
Opportunity never knocks twice at any man's door... But boy, do many men knock on this door in anticipation of an opportunity.
great speakeasy in the flatiron district - not the most exciting neighborhood, with the classically hard to find location (you actually ring a doorbell, pretty cool), with great cocktails. TIPS - very intimate environment, mid 20s to 30s demographic, be prepared for that - no set dress code - everything from graphic t's to business clothes fit well - definitely check out the "what we're drinking" section of the menu - VERY well mixed cocktails that are entirely mixed out of liquor (or mostly) yet taste like a normal cocktail. needless to say, they are a good buzz, and clear evidence of this place's mixology skills - SELF STARTER - it's sooo good - the "weak" section (something like "for longer nights") is WEAK. don't waste your time here, although the drinks are very tasty - AVOID CRUSHED ICE DRINKS. they are literally almost all crushed ice (but they taste great) and they are SO WEAK, and definitely not worth your money - if you really want a "weak" or crushed ice drink, convince a friend to order it, then have a sip (which means you basically drank half of his/her drink for free!) - everyone gets free popcorn, so ask if you don't see it on your table - if it's hot, which it will be if you have low tolerance to heat, note that the AC machine is by the door update: after going to several more of the "nicer" bars in new york, i've definitely realized raine's deserves 5 stars! COME HERE!!
very cool. simple as that. if you want a chic place for some drinks that you can bring a date or go with a close group of friends...this is it.  i love the small intimate feel of this place with its plush booths and dark decor.  makes me jealous that we don't have something similar to this in SF.
As someone that believes I was born in the wrong era, speakeasies have always been a love of mine. My date and arrived at the Raines Law Room on a Wednesday night (which was busy). We loved the entrance....there's nothing marked, just a door and a man with a handle bar mustache looks you over to see if you belong inside. The atmosphere is so suave and sexy! The interior is dimly lit with nice tables and couches. We didn't have a reservation, so we hung out at the bar. The bar is a 1920s style kitchen, complete with a bartender with slicked back hair and a pin striped vest (oh ya this place is legit). The atmosphere is relaxing and classy. I enjoyed sipping exciting concoctions such as "Captains Blood" and "French affair". The drink menu or should I say "drink book" has other fun drink choices like "paper plane" and "sleepyhead". Service was attentive and the drinks were perfect. I basically can't say enough good things about this place. I will return.
I love speakeasies.  I do.  They are so sexy, intimate, and serve up the best cocktails I have ever tasted.  I recently visited one during a girls night out that I had been dying to experience, and it lived up to my expectations. Raines Law Room included all the ingredients to a lovely prohibition era watering hole - unmarked door; mandatory doorbell ring for admittance in; dimly lit space with mainly the flicker of real candles to light the room; velvety couches to lounge on; and unique touches, like the switch at each table, that when pulled, lights up indicating to your server that you are ready for your next libation.  Then there's the wallpaper.  When looked at from afar it looks like a baroque wallpaper pattern of sorts, but when you bring it in close, you see that it is actually quite naughty - think artfully done pornographic outlines (sounds odd, but you really have to look closely, and it's rather quite tastefully exhibited). Since I am a sucker for spicy cocktails, my eyes went straight to the San Luis Cup ($13).  This delicious concoction had Mezcal, Ancho Chili Syrup, muddled lime and cucumber, with a dash of sea salt and black pepper, shaken and stirred over cracked ice.  It was smokey, spicy, and quite a treat.  The only problem with the drink was that it went down the hatch to quickly.  The ice didn't leave too much room for the actual drink, but then again, this place it meant for sipping, not gulping. So if you are looking for a rendezvous for two to a place of sexiness, or secret haven to catch up with a small group of friends (they only allow parties of 6), then ring the door bell,  and step on into Raines Law Room.
Sweet speak-easy type joint, like the vibe, the drinks, and the 'mixologists'...a good hangout before/after dinner.
Best speakeasy in NYC! The drinks are very well done. The atmosphere is intimate and brings you back to another time. Very vintage/20s/antique feeling. Love that you ring a door bell to order your drinks. Be prepared to wait at least an hour for a table in the evening. You can put your name down and go somewhere else to wait and they will call you when your table is ready, which is convenient.
Oh no. I've been a Yelp user for years, but this is my first review. You've probably guessed why. Yep. Worst. Experience. Ever. I loved the sound of the reviews of this bar, the pictures, everything. I've been to speakeasies in the city before, and I'm a big fan of this "type" of bar. I thought I knew what I was in for. Nope. My boyfriend and I showed up around 11:30pm on a Wednesday night and were told there was an hour wait. We glanced at each other, decided that was a bit long, and left. After my boyfriend saw the disappointed look on my face, he ran back and put his number down on the list. He mentioned to the doorman that it was my 21st birthday. The guy looked up and down the list and told my boyfriend, "We have a lot of events tonight." Uh huh. We went to the nearby Rye Bar and had a beer. After exactly an hour (gotta give them credit for that) we received our call. When we showed the doorman our ID's, he looked at mine and said "It really is your birthday," in a totally unimpressed tone. Yes, it really is! Sheesh. He gave us vague directions to "go to the lights on the ceiling in the back" and as we headed inside he threw out a halfhearted, "Congratulations." At this point, I am feeling really special. Not understanding that we were supposed to head to the bar (really, the lights on the ceiling in the back?! ALL the lights were on the ceiling) we sat down on a vacant sofa, picked some drinks, and gave our orders to a bartender. My boyfriend messed up the name of his drink, combining it with the name of the rum in the drink, and the bartender glared at him and asked if he meant [insert drink name here]. My boyfriend sheepishly agreed and the bartender whisked away without another word. Cute. Soon after the doorman came to remove us from the sofa and asked us to stand in the bar area. We apologized and went to wait our turn for a seat. Oh yes - the wait outside the bar is only the beginning. Then you get to experience the privilege of standing in the bar area with five or six other groups of people who are also waiting. And I mean it when I say "standing," because there is not a single seat in this bar area. Still, I was excited for our drinks, so we stood there good-naturedly and tried not to watch a middle-aged man make out ferociously with his jail-bait date. This proved incredibly difficult. After about ten minutes of trying to adjust our backs against some uncomfortable glass cabinets, my boyfriend went up to the bartender who'd taken our orders to let her know that we were now in the bar area, so it would be fine if she could bring us our drinks there. She raised her eyebrows at him and offered up "Mmm," as her response. Really? You couldn't even muster up a real word? Alright, I'm still excited for the drinks. The drinks never came. We stood, we waited, and finally my boyfriend turned to whisper in my ear, "I've never been in a more judgmental bar." Weirdly enough, he was right. All of couples around us were shooting us dirty looks - why?! - as were all of the bartenders who were subtly eyeing up every patron (except for one of them - bartender with slicked back hair and arm tattoos was making drinks like a maniac. cause that's his job). Having to stand made this even more uncomfortable, as everyone was looking at each other instead of their drinking partner(s). The inside of the place was just ok, and the clientele and bartenders were less than that. The lighting, furniture, and décor all looked a little cheap. Not like fun, 20's prohibition grungy either. Just cheap. The clientele were a bunch of suits (sorry suits, you know what I mean). The bartenders were busy not paying attention to any of the patrons in the bar area, except for when they took a break for some unnecessary staring, or non-word utterances of disdain. After we'd waited through several more excruciating minutes, hoping to at least be served our drinks in the tiny bar area, we left. Raines Law Room: Seriously, just no.
It is very cute....
This is such a hidden place!!! I wouldn't say that this is hole in a wall.. but this place is amazing!!! The settings, environment... Came here to meet up with all the interns that were interning at the same company last summer for a small catch up... It's always good to have a drink and just chat in a nice environment... and well.. we are all ladies so we just love listening to other ppl's life.. :D When we came here.. we have to wait for AN HOUR!!! but surprisingly.. only 20 minutes of waiting!! Not too bad since we were waiting for friends anyway... Standing at the bar waiting for a table... so what's good about it?? By standing at the bar.. you can see how they mix their drinks.. 1) they only use fresh fruits for the drinks 2) the alcohol were all stored properly and the bar tender seriously know what she's doing when we got our table... we just asked for recommendation... they really know the drinks well.. in my heart.. (Did you memorize all the name and what's the drinks in it???) the drinks were really strong.. I can't even take the 2nd drink... and the drinks are good too!!! it's really FRESH!!! oh yea... they served kettle corns for free.. :P I love it!!! eating non stop... haha... I was quite hungry so I just asked whether or not they served any appetizer.. but the only thing they have in the house is a platter with 15 cheese and 15 homemade CHOCOLATES!!! WOW!!! too many.. i don't think i can finish all of them.. (although I might).. just the chocolates.. not really a big fan of cheese... I will order the platter next time if I happen to return here.. :D
This place is ok. The ambience is that of a typical speakeasy-type bar. I will admit the drinks are good. The service is just alright. I feel that this place gets over-hyped considering there is a lot of competition with similar type bars/speakeasies sprouting up lately, many of which surpass this place in mixology. If you stop by here though, be sure to pay close attention to the wallpaper in the bathrooms. It'll give you a laugh.
Don't get me wrong, I like this place but....Raines Law Room in one word:  Pretentious That being said, this space is very unique. The drinks are unique, strong enough, well made and served by a seemingly nice staff. Major plus for décor, nice couches, being spacious, having the option to curtain off your area and not having a menu limited too over priced/hyped hot dogs. What makes it pretentious? You can only find it if you're in the know, admission subject to your look, calling the servers by bell ringing ( a toss up because they won't bother you without bell ringing vs. being a jerk who rings a bell when s/he wants a drink served up), the faux exclusivity...The 21st Amendment was passed for a reason.
Definitely, the company you keep makes this place enjoyable. It is a very intimate speakeasy. The first time I went, we were a group of four on a double date. It was very romantic because of the dim lighting and mirror table tops. Not to mention, the very sexy wallpaper. Freaky! The second time was with my "twin," last night. We decided to go because we were feeling down and needed to reward ourselves with some libations. We just went on and on about everything and the more the drinks came, the louder we got. Loved it! Note to self: keep to a two drink limit. My head was spinning on the train ride back home. The kettle cooked popcorn nor the olive, meat and cheese platter, did a thing... Nice headache in the morning. Great place... Just wish there was more food, with how strong their drinks are. But then again, I should've stopped... But couldn't :(
I feel a bit corny inviting some of my more polished or professional friends to a 'speakeasy', but this place wont let you down. Rather than capitalizing on the reputation that a speakeasy is a secret, they emphasize more on exclusivity, but it's all part of the act that keeps customers on inquisitive. When you arrive, you ring a doorbell, are greeted by a posturing bellhop who checks the guest list and decides how long the guest list is for you. The nice thing about this role is that the establishment is never crowded, so no table is over capacity and there is always ample room at the bar. The bar itself is probably one of the more interesting features of this place. Inside of the kitchen, the bar has an almost steam punk aesthetic and customers sit with the bar tenders around an island in the middle of the kitchen. The drinks are all creative and don't disappoint.
Worth the wait and the pretention. 7pm on a Friday-my girlie and I headed for 48 17th and were told by a tall curly headed suit it'd be an hour. Not 30 minutes later (and just as we were starting to sip on a wonderful Cafeteria concoction down the street), the private number rang...Chug, pay, run. Sure it's expensive, and just another bar on a long list of speakeasies that seem to be popping up (or more appropriately-hiding out) on every corner. But the space is spot on and makes me think it was Bartender A in the back parlour with a candlestick who killed the...ok you get it. The tin ceilings, adorable waitresses and tenders in 20's attire, bawdy wallpaper imagery and strange feeling you're in the classy dining car of a very slow moving train (should you hang out back in the makeshift bar/kitchenette which is what I did with a similarly intrigued girlfriend) make this an out and out winner. Thanks to the stylings of milk and honey alum M McIlroy and the minds behind the b pig among others, the drinks are like miniature works of art in themselves and it's actually a joy to be able to find the ingredients of every single one of them on the rlw site (seriously, it's truly appreciated). (Unlike a few other favorites like Angel's Share and PDT) We threw back a few amply liquored, delicately flavored, surprisingly fantastic cocktails including: Champs Elysees (cognac, chartreuse, lemon juice, sugar, bitters and a lemon)--perfect if you love a stronger taste with a feminine edge...I am not a cognac fan and I loved this sip. Mmm. Andean Dusk**fave (pisco, moet rose, lemon, simple syrup and muddled grapes)--I really wish this was a bottomless champagne flute...so perfectly not-too-sweet with a hint of bubbles and a clean, crisp finish; and the Old Cuban (rum, lime, mint, sugar, bitters and champagne)--albeit the most similar in flavor profile to other more mainstream cocktails, the balance of the ingredients as well as the sweet v bitter play of accompanying flavors made this incredibly refreshing and incredibly drinkable. (Really theres nothing worse than paying a ton for a supposed bespoke gem and you can barely your first sip let alone your last). Ring. Sip. Sip. Repeat.
Awesome Decour, Awesome drinks! Great for a group of friends to lounge. Very romantic great for dates.
Went to Raines Law Room last year when in NYC for a wedding. The history of this place (and the connected hotel) is kind of cool, especially when you get into the actual law for which Raines was named. You enter the bar by stepping down a few steps and ringing the doorbell.  I'm a little foggy on the exact details, but i believe you're welcome to enter should there be space for you and yours.  If not, they take your number and ring you when a spot opens.  The maître d' will greet you & know let you know the status, either way. There's a very comfy, speakeasy vibe, and the staff is hip and multi-national/cultural.  At times you do catch a whiff of "too cool for my Nudie jeans" from them but honestly i sort of expect it with this theme.  Almost like it adds to the flavor, sort of like Cafe Intermezzo in Atlanta (or Carroll Street Cafe, even). Inside this darkly lit basement you'll find a few single seats facing each other and toward the back semi-private booths reminiscent of train compartments line the walls, with sheer drapes around them for added affect.  We comfortably sat a group of 16 in two adjacent booths. Need a drink?  Simply press your drink button and a light goes on in the kitchen (which is adorable and unexpectedly looks very much like a kitchen you might see in a house - see pics on the main page). In a city as big as New York, i found this to be a refreshing find, and something that doesn't seem to be well-known.  The night we were there things didn't get busy until maybe 11:30 so maybe pop in for a post-dinner pre-party whirl.  And wear your nudie jeans.
This is one of those great bars that makes me feel like I am part of a little secret and reminds us why we love New York :)
I heart this place.  Classy, cozy with dim lightening, retro décor and jazz music, fantastic cocktails.  What's unique about this place is their thoughtfulness of guests' privacy.  Vintage sofas and tables are nicely spaced out, your servers only attend to you when you pull a lamp string on the wall (good fun, as my friend put it). I came with a regular and a reservation otherwise I would have been all confused.  Black shield at the street level and once you walk down, you have to ring the doorbell for a bow-tied gentleman to check your reservation and walk you in.  Note here fellow speakeasy lovers, make a reservation for this place.  My friend who frequents here said if you come on weekend without reservation, expect at least 1-hour wait.  One the bright side, if you ever found yourself in that situation, you can put down your name & # on the door and chill at some places nearby.  They will call you once a table opens up. A completely different world unveils once I walked in.  To sum it up, the inside is a glamoured-up version of what you would imagine experiencing during the Prohibition.  I felt like I escaped NYC and was in a place where the lapse of time became insignificant.  I felt instantly relaxed. "Everything is good here" is never a helpful line when you ask a regular for drink recommendations, but after 3 rounds, I realized the stunningly high level of truth in that response.  I went from sweet to strong to something with an edge, and I admired the level of details that went into every drink.  I love drinks with a twist, so I'd recommend trying Madame George (I remembered it be a different name on their bar menu, but the ingredients look right on), it's whiskey with a spicy ginger flavor smoothed out by lime juice.  Simply tasty.  Also worthy of mentioning is the absinthe.  Raines offers absinthe infused cocktail on the menu, but you can also order just absinthe with a sugar cube and ice water to dilute it.  It does require an acquired taste to like it though.  If you appreciate bourbon, it's hard to go wrong ordering the Old-Fashioned. Additional fun - check out the bathroom in the back.  Kama Sutra inspired wallpapers and a few mirrors facing up/sideways. The place just earned its place on my NYC top list.
Came here post parade Halloween night for some relaxing drinks. Unassuming entrance, small dim classy 20s speakeasy style interior. The intimacy and charm without all the attitude and over-exclusivity of some of the 'speakeasy's in the city. My friend had a reservation and we waltzed right in no problem (I have no idea how easy or difficult it is to get a reservation here?) As other reviews have said.. take a close look at the wallpaper ;) Its more obvious if you go into the bathroom where the lighting is a little better. Candlelit.(so dark I had to hold the candle up to the menu to read it haha). Love the little pull chain on the wall to call your server over.   Got the Mexican firing squad special. Super tasty, high quality and they take their time to do it right. A little more than I usually pay for a drink (but I wasn't paying haha) and worth it for the atmosphere if you're only coming for a couple of drinks. This is not the spot if you want to get trashed and make a fool of yourself with random strangers.
Even cooler than all these reviews are saying.  IF you are lucky enough to get, enjoy it.  This is the best place you can possibly bring a date...the service, the atmosphere, the music, and THE DRINKS.  Really it doesn't get any better.
You'll leave feeling sexier than when you arrived. To me, that is the work of a good bar. If there's room, you'll be shown in with no wait or minimal 5 min wait. If there's no room, you give your name and number to the doorman and he'll call you on your phone. My favourite thing about this bar is the scent of oranges and alcohol when you enter. It just floors me how amazing it smells. To be honest, I would almost rather hangout in the back kitchen with the bartenders than in the cozy chairs. I really enjoy standing in that polished, orange-scented kitchen, sipping my cocktail and chatting. It feels more like a social bar than the cozy tete-a-tete mood you get in the booths or in the chairs. Once you are seated, the evening is slower paced. You sip, you chat, you ring the bell for some more drinks. But you basically don't move or get up once you've sat down. It's the ultimate lounging and drinking experience.
"Hello lover," she whispered, her breath laced with absinthe. Yes, if you're planning a cozy, gin-drizzled, rendezvous of the sort where you'd prefer not to run into anyone you know (or happen to be married to), step through the unmarked door of Raines Law Room. Or, okay if you're me, meet your favorite cocktail-swilling girlfriend for some of the best drinks in Manhattan. Seriously, I've had cocktails I still dream about at this place. It has a cool, speakeasy feel without coming off as cheesy, beautiful dim lighting, and soft, inviting chairs and love-seats. Also, when you go, have a look at the wallpaper. Hint: those aren't flowers. I just have one suggestion, not for the bar, but for you, dear potential co-patron:  Please leave your flip-flops at home. This place is gorgeous. I'm not saying you need to wear a top-hat and tails, but please don't spoil the fun for the rest of us with your wife-beater. Thanks.
We came here before dinner at ABC Kitchen and really loved this place.  Luckily we didn't have to wait at all but the guy at the door was kind of a jerk.  It's a really great little space and I love the little chain you pull for drink service.  We all ordered a couple different cocktails and they were good.  I would definitely come back and would recommend to others.
Pricey, but worth it. This Flatiron speakeasy is the ideal meeting spot for you and your co-conspirators trying to take over the world, or just a way more interesting first date spot compared to the all too mundane wine bar (cough Bar Veloce cough) that you're used to. I'd tell you what I ordered, but it doesn't matter, the process by which I got there is a bit more interesting though. Upon entering we were seated in a booth, but after waiting for the restroom in the kitchen area where all the drinks are prepared, I knew that was a much more interesting place to be. We forfeited our seats to stand in the kitchen and tried only the cocktails that seemed the most interesting during preparation. Between the fresh citrus and the bitters, the smell alone was worth it. What started as casual drinks turned into a masters class in bartending.
Raines Law Room may easily be my new favorite speakeasy. It's less pretentious than Milk and Honey but the drinks are just as good. No need to text anyone, walk into hidden phone booths, or call for reservations. They take reservations Sundays through Tuesdays. On Wednesdays through Saturdays, it's first come first serve. Ring the bell and someone will tend to you. They will take down your number and call if they cannot seat you at the moment. Note: 6 person max. Drinks are deliciously complex and strong. I had the Ragtime- probably one of the best whiskey cocktails I've had and top 3 cocktails in Manhattan. I loved all the fine details of the bar- from the wallpaper, to the chain that you pull to get a server, to the curtains in the booth for privacy, to the Raines Law story. What a gem!
The speakeasy thing may be played out by now, but I still enjoy grabbing a drink at a place like Raines.  The vibe is intimate and old-timey without being pretentious, and the music is low enough that you can have an actual conversation.  The cocktails aren't quite as yummy as at Sasha Petraske et al.'s joints (e.g., I much prefer their Bramble), but I enjoy the refreshing and sweet South Side Rickey (kinda like a well-made mojito, but with gin).  There is usually a wait, but FYI, if you don't mind being an early bird like me, we walked right in on a Saturday at 5:30.
The highlight of our trip. Such a great place with an innovative cocktail program and a super chill atmosphere. They could totally be pretentious if they wanted to...they have all the makings for a stuck up bar...but it's not!  Just nice people, a cool vibe and friendly service. We will be back and recommend this place highly to our friends.
One of THE best bars I've ever been to, and out of the two speakeasy's I've visited (both same day, both in NY, one of which was the Raines), this was my fave.   The entrance and spot feels less speakeasy and more like underground bar, but I loved it nonetheless.  How is it that The Brit has NEVER taken me here until my second to last trip to NY?! He claims he just found out about it a few months ago.  I call BS.  Damn him hiding all the good spots. We went on a Sunday night (no school for me the next day!) and it was barely buzzing.  Just enough I'd say.  I can only imagine what this place is like on a Friday or Saturday.  But, if it does get busy, one wouldn't mind because you can just hang out in the back in the homey kitchen.  Be sure to take your time observing the wall paper too.  Might take home some tips to use on your lover when you stagger home in a drunken and mellow, yet frisky state. One couple must have been eager because they couldn't keep off of each other while there.   I love this place.  I am jealous that I don't have one of my own out here in Cali.  Drinks are pricey, but so worth it.  I had the Ritz something-er-uther, but not the Carlton like I accidentally (read "stupidly") said.  Champagne and a sugar cube and yumminess! The hostess who doubled as our bartender was pleasant and eager to assist when we buzzed.  They were playing Beirut in the background, which I love! I'll definitely be back for another visit on my last trip in July and can't wait!!
LOVE this modern day speakeasy. Drinks were good and steep. just the way i like em. would come here again and again.....and again....
I cant belive i didnt review this earlier, however this place can do no wrong! From the drinks, to customer service, and hospitality! Definately must go! Redheaded Sl*t is what i recommend!
I can't express how much I love this place. The decor the cocktails. The secrecy. It's just so delightful.
Lives up to the hype, especially in terms of the drinks. And also in terms of everything else. This place is 100% great. Also, the vieux carre I had on my last visit was better than any I had ever had in New Orleans.
Raines law Room is a secret hidden gem in Midtown. Upon arriving I thought my friend was taking me to see a lawyer at his office. I was very  confused until a very good looking gentlemen in his sharp suit Opened the door and told us very quietly and kindly to wait. It did not take that long for us to finally make our way inside. For future reference though you should get a reservation or end up being on a waiting list. Only a certain amount of people can be in at once so this place never gets crowded, which is one of the most amazing things I love about this place. Deco is very 1920s era style. Very classy and intimate ( excellent for a date). If you like sophisticated places where you can have great intellectual conversations, this is the place to be. Drinks are amazingly well crafted. My drink of choice for the whole night was the champagne cobbler. It is very light and refreshing. My friend had a Chet baker, which was really good also. This drink has a perfectly clear square block of ice in it which is really cool. Apparently these ice-cubes are imported from Brooklyn, sold for 16 cents a cube. Overall my experience here was phenomenal. Raines is definitely a top on my list.
Things I enjoyed: 1) the pull-chain service bell 2) feeling the most refreshingly top shelf drunk I ever have in my life 3) several rounds worth of premium cocktails for a party of six that only came out to about $170.  Not exactly bargain basement, but probably a better value than next door at Splash.   4) super-comfy chairs amid sumptuously private six top booths.   Things I did not enjoy: 1) being told very humorlessly by every server who came by that I needed to do de-activate the pull-chain service bell. 2) having to clear out at 11:00 because they neglected to point out that there was a private party scheduled for later that night.   3) the all too predictable Coletrane/Holliday/Miles Davis soundtrack.   On the whole, the pros outweigh the cons.  Charming ambience, which for all its pretenses, remains uncrowded and un-hurried, even when the place fills up.
4.5 stars.  Thanks to Lama B for showing me this gem.  The only hint that some sort of eating or drinking establishment exists here is the mandatory NYC "A" sanitary grade. Unmarked, you walk down a flight of stairs and ring a doorbell to get let through the door into a time warp back into a1920's speakeasy.  Uber chill and intimate with sofas and comfy chairs, you pull on a a little metal chain and the waitress comes and serves you.  Drinks were made well and not watered down or infused with fluorescent dies.  My only gripe was that the drinks were small and kind of pricy... For $30, I at least hope to have a mild buzz.  Definitely worth visiting with a few good friends or on a date (just please wait to you get home or into the subway before you start making out)
This place is pretty awesome.  It's a hidden-ish entrance on 17th street, which I only even noticed b/c of some kind of roping around it.  You ring a door bell and a gentleman answers the door.  There weren't any tables when I went, but we hung out at the bar until a table opened up.  The drinks seemed pretty unique - you know - the whole "this is a speakeasy our bartenders make fancy special drinks" a la PDT, Backdoor, etc.   The ambience is dimly lit and makes you feel like you are in a secret den/living room.  When you are standing at the bar, you feel as though you are literally in someone's kitchen for an intimate dinner party.   I wish I could remember the drinks we ordered...I know one was a classic cocktail (i.e. an old cuban or something) and one was a fancier drink.  The cool thing is when you are seated at a table, there is a light switch that you can hit when you want the waitress to swing by your table.  Otherwise, they leave you alone.  Genius! Good for: dates, small groups of friends.  Bad for: getting sloshed for a wild night on the town.  This place is classy :) I would certainly go back!
Nice place with an speakeasy theme. Very cool kitchen/bar and drinkroom aswell. Press the button at the wall and order the drinks:)
Very cool spot--great place for a first date.  Good drinks, something very out of the ordinary.  I'd definitely recommend it.
Ooooooh fancy.... I was in the area and my friend, who lives nearby, suggested this when I asked her to come meet me for  a quick drink. When I walked in to the boudoir-esque draped velvet and muted lighting, I was thinking -- ?? this isnt exactly a quick drink kind of place... Reminded me of old sketchings of Paris...very DELIBERATE (slightly pretentious) aesthetic... So I spent a little more time and money than I planned, OK a LOT more time and money, but our little corner was nice, our chairs were super comfy, and the Hemingway (which I ordered only since I was reading him at the time... or else I would have gotten beer) was good but nothing fantastic. The thing is, they played a really cute variety of pop music, including Francoise Hardy from the 60s... Any place that plays her wins me over, so there you go. Im a cautious fan.
I'm not quite sure about what the fuss is all about.  My friend and I decided to have some drinks after a LOOOOONG, hard day so based on other recommendations, I was pretty excited to have some sweet tasting cocktails touch my lips. Again, based on the buzz surrounding this venue, I dressed up and when we rang the doorbell, we were greeted by a gentleman in a suit so it looked promising. He said it was cash only that night so we were ok with it since he said there was an ATM the next block over.  We came back 5 minutes later and the same gentleman allowed us in but said we would have to wait at the bar until tables became available I made a face and said there were a couple tables that seemed available and as we were walking towards the back, he said, "Ladies, ladies, there are two arm chairs by the fireplace."  So, that was an unexpected surprise. We seated ourselves and looked around and had this Victorian feel to it, with plush velvet seats, dim lighting and some interesting wall paper. But I wasn't entranced by it. I looked around at the clientele and since it was Friday night, we may have come in with the tourists since a lot of them were in jeans and sweaters.  Nothing spectacular to look at. Our waitress was fashionably dressed and while she took our first order, we were served with popcorn which is an interesting selection when serving cocktails. Sadly, I don't remember the first cocktail I ordered. I only remember there was a large block of ice cube in the middle and I definitely nursed that drink but since I don't remember the name, it made no impression on me whatsoever. My second round of drinks, I asked our waitress for a Rusty Nail and she said she'll check to make sure there was drambuie.  She came back and said there was and put a smile on my face. However, would I come back here? Not quite sure as I wasn't enveloped with the sense of romanticism so many people write about this place.
to celebrate my new job, my friend and fancy-cocktail connoisseur brought me here. this place wasn't very difficult to find, thanks to yelpers' helpful photos. we arrived at 6pm on a Wednesday and got in without having to wait. we were seated promptly in super comfy plush armchairs.  dim lighting, silhouette art work, Great Gatsby-era feel. it was love at speakeasy first sight :) my friend got the san luis fizz (spicy kick with chiles!) while I opted for the Chet baker. Drink was very good but it was more of a drink to sip slowly since it was so strong- so slowly in fact that the waitress almost whisked my drink away when I ordered my second drink. I think i nearly yipped in protest--if I'm paying $14 for a cocktail,  I'm going to drink it down to the last boozy drop! i actually liked my second drink (bramble) a lot better, which had muddled blackberries in it. the complimentary popcorn was a nice touch--since both of us were starving, that was gone in two seconds (note to self: do not drink strong cocktails on an empty stomach) our server was nice, although a little aloof. this place was very intimate and not too big, so might not be good for more than groups of four or more. would come back here again, but maybe on payday when I've got some more moola =]
Love this spot's ambiance...the old school feel.. I am going back to try the bartender's choice when I have a chance.
I am a big fan of these speakeasy type places.  I don't care how much the drink costs, I like quality not quantity.  And this place has great drinks, the old cuban was my favorite. Standing in the bar/kitchen is very cool.  There are doorbell type buttons on the wall that you can press to get service, I didn't use it but it looks cool. The only bad thing about being on a date was that the big chairs are sort of far apart, so I had to lean a lot to talk. Similar feel to little branch and Dutch kills.  It kind of felt like I was in an old train caboose. Make sure you know the exact address, cause like Little branch, the name is very small.
I heart this place.  Yes, there is a wait.  Yes, there is not a lot of space.   Yes, the service is great (including the doorman who let us in since it was raining outside).  Yes, the music varies throughout the evening.  Yes, the drinks are tasty.  I like how there is a button to call the waitress/server.  This is how most Korean places in Korea do it (the smart way).  You're not bothered until you need service.  :)
My boyfriend and I have been to many speakeasies in Manhattan, and although all have been nice, Raines Law Room is not one of the best. For those looking to visit a speakeasy, there are much better options. First of all, the service was snooty and negligent. Service should make customers feel welcome and valued, not uncomfortable. Second of all, the layout of the speakeasy was very open, instead of the private, secluded ambiance expected of speakeasies. All of the other patrons - many of whom, I am sorry to say, looked and acted like little children - were plainly visible, which was distracting. The decor was nice - vintage 1920s - and the drinks were good, although the specialty selections were limited. Contrasted with other speakeasies, however, Raines falls short.
Start from the beginning....a day in the night of my nightlife, if you will. First, the door. No one there. Shady. Dark. Knock knock knock. Out comes token French doorman. Wait a moment, let me see if I can house your six? Returns, 30 seconds later...please follow me. Group was mixed men and women. Score-easy to get into. No issues there. Seating. Beautiful. Fuzzy couches, dark, low lighting. Always nice. Romantic, good for snuggling. You call the waitress using some doorbell thing on the wall. Only negative? French doorman comes to wake up friend, who falls asleep. We are getting older... Drinks-wonderful. Fresh. Watched them make the drinks in a room toward the back, somewhat kitchen-esque. Ask for the spicy drink-a julio something or other. The ramble was quite good, although somewhat candyish, as well. All in all a beautiful experience.
If you're looking for a good speakeasy bar, this is the place to go.
"Speakeasy, the old-fashioned way" OK, we all know there are are just under 52,000 "secret, hidden, clandestine, concealed, undercover, cloaked, hideaway, covert" bars in this city.  But this one actually has a genuine, authentic feel. As you descend down the stairs, it seems that you are descending into rich old guy's townhouse.   The light outside the door cues you to its availability...but a reservation is always helpful.  As you enter inside, it opens up to a very cozy, bygone era living room that is not gimmicky.   Servers and bartenders are gracious and professional without pretensions. Who to take: Truly a great place to impress the out of town guests.  Nice 2nd date lounge. Cons: Drinks are expensive.  While they are good, they certainly are not the best in the city.
Came here for after dinner drinks. While I love speakeasy style, mixology bars, I expected better tasting drinks from Raines. Maybe my palate isn't refined enough. I thought the drinks were too manly tasting but served in girly glasses....what irony...I got a taste of the Smoke & Mirrors and it tasted like liquid smoke. Kudos to them for pulling something like that off, but I did not like the taste of it. The ambiance is nice.  We got to stand around at the "kitchen" bar while we waited for a table.  At the table, we got a cup of popcorn to go with our drinks. There's also a chain to pull when you need service. I'll come back if there's no wait. And I'll have to ask for recommendations for girly drinks next time.
Fantastic place to take a date. I would recommend a wider selection of drinks...perhaps other than cocktails.
Laid back speakeasy bar with fantastic cocktails at reasonable prices compared to other speakeasy bars. My favorite was the Alice's Document and the Mexican Firing Squad. Popcorn has a smokey flavor from the cheese, not bacon, as we thought. The cheese could be more assorted instead of just one kind, cheddar, and the olives were good. Nice to pick while drinking. Great garden spot - order from the bar. Great date spot and I think we witnessed many online dates.
One of my favorite things in the world is a speakeasy. This place doesn't cheapen my love for such things. Very civilized. Excellent drinks. Will come again.
Went here about a year ago and it was really nice. Had some Moet Champagne in a cozy nook. Would go back if in the area.
Great speak easy. Extensive selection of wines and liquors, but known for their mixed drinks. Tough to get a lounge seat, but the bar is a conversational piece all by itself. Designed in a vey chic and ornate design. Make early reservations or ask for the right name and indulge in a well prepared mixed drink.
At $16-$20/cocktail, I dislike brusque waitstaff. The drinks are well done, but no better than at many other cocktail joints in the city (Hotel Delmano, Wolf and Deer, PDT, etc.). What this place does have going for it is it's dark, upscale, and exclusive atmosphere that lends itself very well to a date - if you have reservations and don't want to stand awkwardly in the kitchen.
Try the drink that has cucumber and black pepper.
I can't get enough of this place.  I just like the experience - ringing the bell for entrance, the antique-y decor, the most comfortable couches your ass will ever sit on, the awesome staff who know the cocktails like the back of their hands... and did I mention the wallpaper?  Still wondering where I can buy that stuff. My favorite drinks here are the strong and potent ones.  The tall and fizzy ones are okay, but I feel they are a bit overpriced and not as flavorful.  After 2 strong and potent cocktails here, though, I am ready to call it a night. Don't worry if they are at capacity when  you arrive- if you leave your name and number with them, they will seriously call you back when space becomes available (another reason why I like these folks.)   Come here if you want to forget what time it is and disappear from the world.  You won't be disappointed.
Tres sexy speakeasy. A group of friends and I managed to walk-in and get seats - without calling ahead or anything! The Fresh Fruit Fizz was *amazing*! Deliciously sweet and not overpowering. My friend's Gold Rush was a good wake-up call, tho I don't know if I can drink a whole one myself. Next time, I will try the Pimm's Punch, which another of my friends swears by. Great blend of music and nice lighting. I wonder if we can pull the curtains around our booth next time!
I am not sure what I can add to the 200 plus reviews but I like the place, great drinks and no unnecessarily pretentious attitudes.  I went early on friday a little while after they opened with group of 4 and we were escorted to a couch and a pair of arm chairs with no wait.  Service was prompt and unintrusive and the drinks were excellent. I will certainly go back.
I love places like this! Raines can be easily passed by, being located steps down from the sidewalk and with no awning. But once you step inside, you will be pleasantly surprised and transported to another place. One of the many reasons I love New York...you can get away from the city without leaving it at all. This place really has the speakeasy bit down. Mysterious and strangely silent doorman, decor to match the decade, an exclusive yet unpretentious feel and a menu to back all the hype up. When I came, the entire place (about 8 tables?) was booked up and there was a long wait to sit at one. My friend and I still decided to check it out and have a drink at the bar. We both agreed it felt more like we were having drinks in a stranger's kitchen. But all was well. Armed with a book of fancy cocktails all made form scratch (with fresh ingredients) I didn't mind standing. I definitely would like to go back and score one of the cozy and secluded tables!
I'm almost hesitant to write this because I'm scared more people would find out about this great place! on a crazy whim, i decided that a day trip to ny (from boston) would be fun, plus, the barneys warehouse sale was going on, so i thought that was enough reason to rationalize what would otherwise be considered crazy behavior. Typical of ny fashion, and to quote carrey bradshaw, "ny weather is sometimes unpredictable like ny men". The men part, i have yet to discover, but the weather part........it manages to rain during my short trip there. Slightly ironic that I'd find shelter at a place called raines (har har) law room, but I'm sure glad I did. The dim, welcoming and cozy space was exactly what I needed. Combined with tasty and refreshing drinks. A perfect escape to the crappy weather. Too bad I was on a time crunch and couldn't really enjoy or try more than one drink, but i'd definitely be back for more.
I'm not really sure what I can add that hasn't already been said.  This is a cool little place that definitely lives up to its speakeasy description.  It is a pain in the ass to get in (we had to wait 1.5 hours on a Wednesday at 7 PM!) but once you get in it is lovely.  There are a good selection of drinks from scotch to champagne.  The decor is perfect for the atmosphere, a sophisticated, quiet-conversation type place and the service is attentive without being smothering.  Basically all you could ask for a bar/lounge but I'm taking away one star for being so impossible to get in.
This is what a lounge should be. I love speakeasy bars, so I am also biased about how much I love it, but it truly is a unique experience. It's also a great romantic date place. The drinks are pricey, but they are made to perfection. They are 100% worth the $14-22 price point. The ambiance is amazing, with only about 10 tables in the place, its intimate, quiet and cozy. The servers are always so well educated on the drinks and give phenomenal recommendations. Of course, they never interrupt your conversation, because you need to pull the chain on the wall to have them take your order. It's great. When you're looking for this place, it's down a few stairs and is an unmarked black door. The front door is locked-- so ring their doorbell. Also, try the goldrush. It's awesome!
In terms of the new cocktail joints around, this is my fave. I love the coat check during colder months, I like milling around the open kitchen where drinks are made while waiting for a seat. The seating is also great, it's open and airy and cozy in that side tables serve two who sit in wingbacks and then groups share a coffee table or a booth and enjoy lounging in a love seat or sofa. And none of the furniture is modern or uninspired. The servers are called-to by way of a doorbell on the wall by your table and the menu is incredible and creative. It wasn't too expensive, as in $15 a cocktail but just right. And the space of course was chic and well-lit. I think what may capture a lot more folks isn't any of that, it's the fact that this place is around the corner from Slate and Porky's and the flatiron. The location is close enough to Union Square and Flatiron and midtown to really draw a new crowd who I think should steer away from the usual 2oz of liquor and a mixer. And of course the dreaded Alabama Slammers. Can't wait to go back!
Absolutely fantastic experience at Raines.  We went on the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend around 5:45pm and had no problem getting in.  The place was nearly empty so we sat outside, then inside, and even watched the bartenders concoct some delicious beverages.  The seats were so plush and comfortable and the way to call the waitress over was fun to use.  Next time I'm in NYC, I'll definitely be back!
Make a reservation for Raines Law Room (you'll still have to wait) because they regulate how many people can be inside at a time. Which admittedly, I'm coming to love. Antique sofas and chairs adorn the dark, underground interior, which is guarded by that ever-so uncaring Belgian doorman. When seated, you ring a bell on the wall to get your waiters attention, which makes you feel snobby and cool all the same. Take note of the damask wallpaper, by the way, which is comprised of people in various sex positions. A shimmery version adorns the restroom. As for the cocktails, they range from classics, to shaken and stirred, to more inventive and seasonal concoctions. All that I've tried have been extremely well-balanced, not too sweet, and very very strong. There is a small backyard which is perfect on a warm evening, featuring mis-matched chairs and benches.
If I were to compare Raines Law Room to a person, it would be Monica Bellucci, or Penelope Cruz, or Lauren Bacall, or Alain Delon, or Marcello Mastroianni, or...well, you get the picture. Raines Law Room is the sultriest and most seductive cocktail bar I've been to in New York thus far. As soon as I entered the easy-to-miss door, I felt as though I had stepped through a time machine that brought me back to the 20's or 30's. The only things missing to me were men smoking cigars and women smoking cigarettes in cigarette holders a la Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's. I enjoyed the fact that the bar is not too visible from the seating area. Unlike most places, it's located all the way towards the back. This feature contributed an even greater deal to the feeling I got of having drinks at the elegant home of a friend. I ordered the French Fix, which was absolutely delicious. And at $13, it was priced just right (you know, compared to other places that charge up to $16 for a drink). I can't wait to come back numerous times to taste the other drinks. The bathroom wallpaper is also great. Very unexpected and surprising, but still elegant. Go see it for yourself. It's not often that I truly fall in love with a place, but it didn't take me long to fall in love with RLR. This is my reasoning for the 5 stars. It's like that feeling you get when you meet someone you immediately connect with, but you can't really explain why. You just know that you want and need to get to know them better. Bottom line: Great selection of drinks, great service, great decor, great vibe. Highly recommended.
Really like common area, it feels good to be around all the people taking in cocktails and chatting pleasantly. Very social feeling unlike some other speakeasies which go darker and more isolating. Also pulling the light chain for service is too much fun.
There's nothing else you could really say about this place that has not been said. Tips: Come here before 9pm, we came here on a Saturday evening at 6:30pm or so for a pre-dinner drink, we put our name down with the door guy and he called us back in 15 minutes, not a bad wait at all. Be patient, take it in. Ask the server questions, they are knowledgable and decently friendly. The interior is really great, it's overall a worthy experience.
Raines Law Room is a very authentic feeling classy speakeasy by Flatiron. The door is nondescript making it a place only found by people who know about it ahead of time. No riff raff here! My friends made reservations and I had to say my name at the door and the gentleman escorted me to our table, so I recommend calling ahead. They have antique items adorning the bar that I felt as if I were in my rich grandparent's home. A nice feeling. The relaxing music also comes from the era, so I appreciate that. I wish their martini glasses were bigger, but it's an awesome place.
Great drink, very cool and great date place
Sweet sweet place - very chill, very pimp, and larger and easier to get into than some of the other speakeasies in town.  You can almost always get into the "kitchen" if you have a 2 or 3-person group, don't mind standing and watching a master at work.  They have a pretty good drink list, and like all good bars you can ask the bartender to mix something to match your tastes. Easy on-street parking right nearby most nights, plus a good crepe place right nearby with Belgian beers gives you a good spot to get a snack or wait while you're waiting for a reservation.  Otherwise not a ton in the immediate area at night, but as this is a destination that doesn't really matter. For amazing drinks in a cool place, come here, and make a reservation if you want a seat.
A little tricky to find but then again that's the whole thing with speakeasy's right? Great experience. Cocktails were excellent. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Much less pretentious then PDT or Milk & Honey. The dark candle lit main room has comfortable and spacious seating for groups, but only about 8 seating areas in the whole bar, so be prepared to stand until a seating area opens up and your called. In the time spent waiting you can join others also waiting in the bar area, which is a small center island where the mixologists work their magic.  Once seated each seating area has a buzzer which will signal your waitress that your ready to order something.
This is probably one of the only speakeasy places in the city that I actually enjoy. It's got a cool 20's vibe to it and an extensive cocktail list. It wasn't too packed, the crowd wasn't loud and drunk, and the doorman was a sweetheart. Will definitely be back.
This an amazing place.  The experience when you get to the door, the decor, the drinks.  All amazing The drinks: gold rush, a bit too sweet for our tastes but very refreshing.  The old fashioned, great take on it.  The drink with both italian & french vermouths and plymouth gin was a wonderful play on my tongue.   The food... well there isn't very much food besides a charcuturie plate consisting of what I believe to be chorizo, an aged sharp cheddar or maybe sharp gouda (idk if that is real) and delicious olives.
As aforementioned by all the other reviews, the person at the door will call your cellphone ones your table is ready.  No waiting lines... -1: simply because the maitre'd threatened to kick us out of our table if the fourth person in our party didn't show up. Otherwise, it's that perfect little nook for a date.
People might pretend to enjoy these bespoke/ pretentious cocktail joints as they are pretty ubiquitous but I'm kinda tired of them.  The prices are decent and so are the drinks.  The guy standing outside with the hitler mustache is hilarious, too.  But for the honor and privilege of paying for a drink you get to stand and sweat at the bar when there are plenty of seats inside!  I guess either make a reservation or just be treated like another schmuck off the street, at least get some decent AC!
Not that it needs another five star review but I am going to highlight the way Raines treates people without reservations. Awesome. I mean you have to come on a weekday and around opening but to have a delicious cocktail stirred and strewed to your liking is unreal. Kentucky Buck Fifty is the poison I chose and if you like yoru drink with a kick of spice, go for it! The hardest thing is to order that first drink...but just go for it and you will be set! Don't be loud, don't be crass, grab one cocktail and fall on your ass. Best speakeasy in the city.
I would recommend this place as one of the top speakeasies in New York. Behind an inconspicuous door on an inconspicuous street, this is one of the largest speakeasies I've been to. It is rather pretentious, but I like that. Once inside, the ambiance is great, it's comfortable, cocktails wonderful, I will say that the wallpaper in the bathroom is interesting. Make reservations, and if you want to kill some time, go to Splash a few doors down but you may be in for a surprise.
Admired is the word that comes mind ... Speakeasy not so much. The tin above adds class, adds some flavor to the delish compounds. All the hidden chicanery was fun ... with mirrored tops and sides anchoring for some fine powder. The walls extruding the performances to come all dependant on your choice of poisons. Yes, I was content ... my stay was short lived as I hanckered for a cigar ... I let myself out to find my date hanckering for me. A good time if you're an umbrella ... all in all I had a panini of a time.
Ah, so the 'secret' place of years ago is so certainly not secret anymore.   Such a cool/different and relaxing vibe here. Pricey but excellent drinks.  Agree with all the other 4-5 star reviews...It's a must go to if in NYC. Totally romantic ambiance.  Oh, I miss being taken to these sort of places! Yes, guys, yes-- take a new date here!
Well, we finally got in on our 3rd try not sure what it is w/getting in but we did and our 2nd attempt we were denied but the couple behind us got in and they don't take reservations go figure? When we went in we were taken all the way to the back and had to stand at the bar when there was available seats? I'd asked the bar-maid/waitress/girl if we could sit she had to go ask and we finally got to but later he'd asked if we could move but we were on our way out. I didn't experiment w/their drinks b/c I'm not a bourbon/rum drinker and they didn't really come up w/any other alternatives like they do at other places I've been to similar to this but that's OK I settled w/my staple Vodka/Tonic. And to be honest w/you it was a long night of drinking and cannot remember what my friend had?
This place was great! It totally makes you feel like your back during Prohibition. I love how you have to ring the doorbell in order to get in. The ambiance is extremely dim and intimate, great chill spot to sit and have a drink or two. The drink menu is creative and showcases the drinks from that time period. I'm very glad we checked out  the Raines Law Room and I am interested in trying other NYC speakeasys.
Met up with a friend here. The menu is quite extensive and I don't remember what I got, but I do remember it being strong. Place is low key and with plenty of seats, but sometimes the seats are pretty close together so you may be hearing someone else's conversation. Never got a chance to ring the doorbell to order a drink as the girl came around and asked us what we wanted to order. If I'm in town again, I wouldn't mind trying this place out again.
The sexiest of the speakeasies so far. Love the classiness, coziness and elegance of this spot... AND the naughty wallpaper. There werent any seats available when we arrived, so we hung out in the 'kitchen' area... aka the bar, where we watched our mixologists carefully craft our cocktails. They were dangerous... and delicious. I'm a big fan of bourbon and went with the Fort Knox. My friend wanted her cognac, so she went with a French Affair. We had several. We definitely need to come back here, and hopefully snag one of the dark, cushy, cozy, intimate booths. Oh, did I mention this place is sexy? Because it totally is.
Love, love, love this place. So civilized! And the drinks are fantastic! Everyone I take here is so impressed - like they are being brought in on a great secret. And love the mix of people that come through - all types here just chillin' and enjoying the great ambience. This is definitely my go to place whenever I want a great drink and a relaxed vibe.
When you walk in, you feel like you've just stepped into a different era, maybe the 20s? It's really small, intimate, and set up in a way that you feel like you've stepped into someone's home. There are cushy sofas in the first room and past that, there's this really amazing, old-school looking kitchen where the bartenders make the drinks. They also have a small garden out back. If you're sitting at a table, the service is reeeaaally slow but I didn't mind it when I was there since you don't go to a place like Raines to throw down cocktails. However, I preferred just standing at the bar since it's faster and fun to watch them make drinks. They have a lot of great spicy cocktails with tabasco sauce and chili pepper. The drinks are tasty but not as strong as Little Branch's. All in all, a really solid place and a good spot to go on a date if you're looking to score some points. The origin of its name is really interesting. Look it up!
Came here right when they opened on Valentine's Day. Did not have a reservation, but was so happy they let us in! The doorman said we could stay in the bar area, and he was expecting a lot of reservations so if we could not stay much longer than 40 minutes. He was really polite about it, and being a hostess in the past, I totally understood. The place is dark, the first room is all different couches and chairs with coffee tables, candles, bowls of popcorn, and happy couples. The bar area is small, but exactly what you would imagine a real speakeasy to be like. We felt like we were back in time, even the way the staff was dressed. And yes, you must pay a visit to the bathroom to check out the wallpaper. I ordered an aviation, my favorite drink. The bartender knew what it was, which makes it so easy instead of having to explain. It was delicious, cold, and made just right. My boyfriend ordered a drink off the menu, which he loved. Then he asked the bartender to create something by just giving him a few ingredients he likes. The bartender whipped up a drink called "Paper-plane" he liked it even more than the first. We got a glance of the one food item they serve, because someone else in the bar area ordered it. Basically a tower tray of whatever cured meat they have that day, cheese, and olives. It looked pretty good. We can't wait to go back, with a reservation ;)
I have been quite a few times and have never been disappointed. The ambience is great but mostly for small intimate groups. The staff is amazing, patient and sweet. Paul is my favorite maitre'd/manager and it helps that he's really pleasing to the eye.   I've taken severel friend and groups of friends, all with diverse backgrounds and all agree that this a great place to enjoy quality time with those you want to listen to.
Love this place with a passion.  Who wouldn't wanna hang in a speakeasy with erotic wallpaper?  It goes without saying that the drinks were all amazing.  The complementary kettlecorn popcorn is yummy, too.   Like those that came before us, we made the mistake of not making a reservation.  It wasn't that big a deal on a weeknight.  Only took 10 mins of waiting on the stoop next door to get a table and I was in a group of 5 people.  I will say that the design of this place is not conducive for talking amongst a large group.  The couches in a booth are just a tad too far away from each other.
The cocktails are great but the atmosphere is ehh....What I mean by "ehh" is that if you come here with some friends and would like the opportunity to mingle with others, you probably will only have that opportunity at the bar: groups are seated separately. I would recommend this place if you already have the people you want to hang out with and prefer to consume quality cocktails.  My problem was that I came to the Law Room with 2 other female friends and we wouldn't have minded speaking with other people; unfortunately, due to the spectacular group seating (no sarcasm here--the seating really is great if you're in a group), we were not even in earshot of any other human beings. My final note is that my name is Marley and they have a Marley cocktail there.  How could I resist?!
Just go here. But make a reservation beforehand. We made a reservation, got seats immediately, weren't pressured to order (or reorder) until we pressed the button/light. Though, we kept wanting to press the button, so we kept ordering. The spyglass cocktail was amazing. Just the right combo of a pretentious atmosphere with great service. Also, you can hear yourself and the people you are with--good music but not too loud so you can actually have a real conversation.
Some people complain this place is snobbish.  Yes it is--and that's the whole idea. If you're going to visit a speakeasy with an unmarked door where you have to push a doorbell and be allowed to enter so you can spend $15 on a drink, you WANT a little pretension. Raines Law Room is cozy, comfortable, dimly lit and features excellent service plus (of course) awesome drinks. We arrived without reservations, and after checking for space, we were permitted to stand in the bar area (which more resembles a gourmet kitchen than a bar.)  I find some mixlogy bars tend to rely too much on fruit to bring diversity to the drinks, but I found plenty of things to choose from that weren't overly sweet. Next time, I'll make reservations, but I'll definitely be back. Returned for my second visit, and I discovered reservations are only taken Sunday through Tuesday. We arrived early on a Saturday evening and had no difficulties being seated immediately. Service was again great (other than the rather odd host) and drinks were terrific. Once again, a superior experience.
8.9 / 10 What a fantastic find. This bar is relatively hidden on the street. As you walk in, there are certainly chairs at which you can sit. However, I recommend walking to the back, where you can hang out in the Kitchen and converse with the bartenders as they make your drinks. Very seldom will you ever be in such an intimate environment with bartenders of this standard. They are also very helpful to give tips on where to go next. Score is based on overall experience, considering food, comfort, and lasting impression.
Loved the "secret" entrance and the movie-cliche-guy-peeking-out-thru-tiny-window-to-­let-you-in gimmick. They just don't make 'em like that any more, eh kids? ;) Also enjoyed the way you can walk into the back room, which is also the bar, which also feels like someone's home kitchen. Got a kick out of those old-timey call buttons at each booth. Unusual set up encourages the vintage vibe of the place. Had a terrific time here earlier this summer with a hardy, alcohol-absorbing group of True Blood TV show fans just before going to an HBO event for the show. It was DELICIOUS! My only issue is of course the prices, I can't really afford to hit a place like this anymore. But the drinks were absolutely unique and delicious, and the service was terrific.
4.5 Stars~! This place is great. Great decor, service, drinks, seating, bathroom, from top to bottom. I can come here anyday to zip a cocktail or two after work or after dinner.  Very chill atmosphere, not all of their signatures are great, but all worth a try. As a whiskey/bourbon drinker I would stick with my Manhattan and Old Fashion which were flawless, smooth, some of the best i've had that they make at Raines.
I walked past this place a couple times before finally finding it. I guess that's the point of a speakeasy. You ring the doorbell and secretly worry they won't let you in. It feels really exclusive, but not so exclusive that you feel like you're crashing a too-cool party. It's like stepping into another era. This place makes you feel sexy, seductive, and badass just walking in. The drinks are pricey but delicious and inspired. I got a champagne cobbler which was tasty, pink, and cute but somehow sophisticated at the same time. This is the perfect spot for a date or a meeting between high-level international spies. The movie Mr. and Mrs. Smith should've had a scene here, it's that swanky and edgy. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie would totally fit in.
This place is very unique - pulls off the prohibiton theme while actually keeping it very authentic.  Nothing cheesy or forced about it.  The cocktails are great and the room is structured so that each table feels like its own little world.  I loved it!! Would definitely recommend/ go back.
My first speakeasy!  And I had a fabulous old-fashioned time! Went here for a private event.  Rang the doorbell and we were walked into a dark, quaint room with exposed brick and plush sofas.  Old jazz music was playing and there were antique accents all over the place.  As a 23 year old with an old soul, I felt right at home here. The staff was super friendly.  They made sure drinks were constantly flowing and gave us recommendations as well as some information about the place.  They were also very accommodating for the event and provided us with appetizers cooked at a nearby restaurant. This is a great place for getting together with a few friends or a date.  But it is a small space so I would recommend calling ahead to reserve a spot.
Great place for dates. Atmosphere is very romantic. That place is somewhat hidden though..there is no sign of its name or even the number of the house is drifted away. First time I was there, I needed to look for it twice. Overall though, once you go inside it is a great to be and to relax.
Awesome.  From decor to service, and especially the cocktails.  Raines is one of my favorite places to stop in for a drink.  The speakeasy setting is fantastic, and wallpaper is even better.  The true gem of the place is the service.  They boast some of the best servers and bartenders around.
The set up they got here is interesting.  They don't have a lobby so after you ring the doorbell, they ask you to come back later when there is room.  So it isn't so much them trying to seem exclusive or busy, but they just have limited seating and they don't rush their patrons (the waitress only comes around when you have pulled this metal string attached to this faux doorbell by your table which lights up).   In fact, it is the patrons that have complete control over the duration of their stay as opposed to the venue, which I think make this place an incredibly unique and attractive place to have a good conversation. I also had the best non-alcoholic cocktail I have ever had at this place.  The waitress asked me a few questions about what I would like and came back with a grapefruit juice/rosewater/honey/seltzer blended drink that was absolutely perfect.  It smelled intensely of rose and just added to the of-another-era ambiance. I do realize the irony of having a non-alcoholic cocktail in a prohibition-era style speakeasy, but I'm allergic to alcohol and still enjoy checking out cool places with great company so I was rather impressed that they put such care into a non-alcoholic cocktail and got it right.  I can only wistfully imagine what they can do with their alcoholic drinks . . .
This bar is tiny & intimate...as such, it is nearly impossible to get in.  My friend & I came here a few months ago mid-week, around 7pm - we left our name with the doormen and waited at a bar down the street for an hour.  When we came in, we were taken to the back area, which is basically a remodeled kitchen.  We were given our first round of drinks there.  After a few minutes, we were taken to the main space, that was lined with couches along the walls.   Each couch area has a little doorbell thingamajig that patrons can pull if they need a waitress to come around - otherwise the waitresses leave you alone for the most part. The drinks were fantastic - clearly someone put a lot of thought into how the ingredients would go together. I highly recommend this place - but be prepared to wait!
Fancy and swanky, and worth it for the experience and incredible cocktails.
Raines Law Room is dark and classy. I love the speakeasy feel and the community style seating. I am a sucker for a well mixed cocktail! The first page in the menu book that I turned to mentioned spicy drinks and I was sold! I will be back to explore the rest of the menu!
I loved Raines Law Room.  Great place to go with a small group of people (maybe 2 or 3).  The bar in the back with the island is so unique and it totally feels like you're just standing around in someone's kitchen.  I tried the Pisco Punch which was far too fruity (my fault of course... it is a punch after all) and the Old Cuban that was quite yummy.  My aunt doesn't really drink and so waitress asked about her preferences and the bartenders made her some nice virgin drinks.   The bar is pretty small but really cozy and dark.  Also, I like bars where you don't have to yell to be heard.  Will definitely be back.
For someone who is easily unimpressed, the Raines blew my socks off.
What a Piece of Garbage! DO NOT GO HERE! I planned a nice outing with some friends of mine last Friday and of course I went to my source of truth aka "yelp" to find a nice trendy spot of a casual couple of drinks in NYC. With so many places to go in NYC i wanted one that would be truly great and I've always had such good luck choosing places....UNTIL NOW.   We we arrived, we did exactly what the reviewers said.....we walked down the stairs and ran the doorbell. I have to say it was kinda cute because it did remind me of ol' time speakeasies, but that's where the CHARM STOPPED. The doorman, who was a snotty British guy, took like 5 minutes to open the door (which he was planted right next to on a stool). He then pretentiously cracked open the door and looked us up and down and told us it was an HOUR WAIT. Ummmmmmm..... it was 6:15pm on a Friday! Plus from the other reviewers I know that they typically make it seem like there's a lot of people when the place is empty. Then without a word he slams the door in our faces. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE! There was no "I'm sorry, its a bit of a wait, I can put your names down for a table and call you when we have something" OR " I'm sorry you can wait at the bar until a table/ seating  opens up". I mean with all the places in NYC YOU THINK I'M GOING TO STAND OUTSIDE A PLACE FOR 1 HR AT 6:15PM ON A FRIDAY IN THE HOPE THE TOUGH BRITISH GUY LETS ME IN?? I think not. We ended up going to the bar in the W Hotel where they we hospitable and pleasant to patrons. I don't know what ppl see in this spot but I will never go back! PIECE OF GARBAGE! DO NOT GO!
This is my newest favourite bar in NYC. Love it here! If you like fabulous cocktails and 1920s decor then you have found your place! The minute you walk into Raines Law Room in you are transformed back in time to a secret bar with delightful little surprises like the chord you pull to order drinks. I am giving this place five stars because everything about the place was so unique and well thought out. The decor was amazing and the service was stellar. I haven't been to a place in a while where the bartenders/servers knew so much about what they are selling. They were really helpful and were happy to answer any questions we had about the drinks; they also gave great recommendations. If you are looking for an intimate cocktail with a friend or with a bigger group of around 6-8 you can most certainly be accommodated for. They have tables towards the front for smaller parties and then 2 large boots towards the back for the bigger parties. I would probably make reservations if you want to come with a big group. There is no standing, so it's not like you can walk in and stand drinking. I know that some people don't like that, but I don't mind it here. If people were allowed to stand etc, then you would really lose that intimate feel Raines have created. Pros: Great drinks and fantastic service; decor; bathrooms! Cons: none yet, I loved the whole experience!
Went here for the first time Saturday night with some friends from LA. They were impressed, as was I. Excellent decor and atmosphere, friendly and professional staff, reasonably priced drinks. My friends were jealous cuz, "There's nothing like this in LA!" I"ll definitely be back.
Wow, I've been going to different speakeasy for a couple of months. I think I've been to all that was recommended by TIme Out NY, blogs, about.com, etc. This one though, is top of the line. The place is so comfortable I could practically fall asleep. The amount of privacy for your company is top notch. Service is awesome, decoration is awesome. The drinks is just the right amount of mix. I do not believe they use any of those store bought syrup or those "natural flavoring" products. All the juices and flavors were from scratch. P.S. Look at the wall paper of the bathroom. =D
Good cocktails, (though not the best cocktail I've had in one of these upscale speakeasy places), and I love the decor and ambiance here. I was very disappointed that the waitress refused to see if I could get a hot toddy, which was not on the menu. She insisted that the only drink that could be heated was the cider,  but if they can heat one drink, wouldn't it make sense that they could heat up some water to make a hot toddy? I ordered a Fourth Route and Harold & Maude instead, which were quite tasty. The service was fine the rest of the time, though I may have garnered a little attitude after expressing disbelief at the impossibility of having a hot toddy. She did appear lighting fast upon ringing the table-side bell, definitely preferable to hailing a waiter down. I'm sure I'll be back again...
Raines Law Room is one of my absolute favorite bars in Manhattan. It hits nearly all my sweet spots and makes it look effortless: The drinks are strong, creative and beautifully presented. The decor is chic, dark, elegant and most important, comfortable. There's a patio in the back, perfect for a long lounge on a balmy afternoon.  They take reservations. Happy hour isn't hectic. The service is attentive and gracious. The music is usually great in a low key sort of way (the first time I walked in, they were playing some vintage Radiohead). And the entrance is discreet and half-hidden. Given all that, the place is like catnip for me. Lovely spot for a romantic date or catching up with a beloved friend after work.
talk about a speakeasy. I mean what more could you ask for, for a speakeasy bar? bartenders dressed in old fashioned clothing, music suited the dim-lit, comfy sofa environment, and the drinks certainly seemed worthy to be called mixologist's work. they call you by blocked phone number when your space is ready. Their secretive act really pulls through. standard price for a bar. 13-15 per drink. definitely would come back to try their other drinks on a special occasion.
What a cool private booth and implementation for groups of 2 to 8! Wish there was a place like this is Silicon Valley. The menu reminds me of the one at the Hemingway Bar at the Paris Ritz. Except, it's not a book published by Random House.
I would love to give this place 5 stars honestly, but the way they make you wait outside the door without the courtesy of a smile or any idea on the wait is plain obnoxious.  I've never waited less than 15 minutes to get in, even in the early afternoon.  Their aim is crowd control in order to maintain the laid-back speakeasy feel inside (it is NEVER crowded once you're in).  I understand that. But I don't have to like it.   The decor is cozy -- especially if you get enough people for a booth.  It's very enclosed, like an old train sleeper car feel.  You ring a bell to get the server's attention to order your next drink.  The drinks are strong, consistent, and absolutely fabulous, no doubt about that.  The servers are friendly.  It's just the guy that runs the door that irks me!!
Came here with a friend early on a Friday night. Luckily we were seated right away (around 6) but when we left around 8, there were people waiting outside. The ambiance is cozy and romantic. The booths offer a lot of privacy and I appreciate that you pull a chain when you need service as opposed to having overly ambitious or never to be seen again waitresses who have to guess when you need them. Our waitress was very sweet, prompt, and informative of the drinks. They're $14 cocktails but I mean they're $14 everywhere, at least it's nice in here. The drinks are well-made, creative, and offer some seasonal selections. Def a nice date spot or for someone visiting, more suited for time with one friend not several
I like this place.. I like to skillfully lead (or so I think) prospective dates to suggest this place.. I say "so you're probably a guy that likes Raines Law Room, right?".. And of course they're like of course I am and so end up suggesting it as a place for a date night.. Ooh I am so bad like that;) Anyway this isn't about me but rather Raines. Which is good as I have already said. Great cocktails. I am particularly partial to their old fashioned. But just the one thank you very much as it is quite strong..
A small quaint place. The decor is ver old fashioned. Good place for pre-dinner drinks and conversation. Nice place to take visitors. The cocktails are well made.
Nice place, would go back again for a special occasion.  I wouldn't say this is a bar you want to go to regularly - too expensive!  It was a quiet, chill place for Tuesday night.  We got seated at one of the comfy couches.  We tried the Bramble and the Royale.  Both were delicious.  The atmosphere wasn't pretentious or overwhelming. The BF and I had a overall pleasant experience.
How this place is so well-reviewed is cosmic mystery Stephen Hawking couldn't solve. Came here on a Thursday around 6 and was seated promptly, nice.   Then, with the help of my cell phone flashlight I began reading the menu.  I will never understand why a bar has to be as dark as a Radiologist's office. What mood are you trying to set?  Bed time? We ordered two drinks and they were both mediocre.  Completely mediocre.  There was neither depth nor balance, just plain cocktails. I've had better cocktails in hole in the wall bars, seriously. About 30 minutes later an employee walked in and took over the bar and the person who made our drinks walked out of the bar area and turns out to be a waitress. Awesome! Overall, a total letdown that bordered on highway robbery. 2 stars because the decor was nice.
There's a system in place here, read some of the other comments for the hoops you have to jump through to get in. However, once inside I found it very enjoyable. Pros: The drinks are delicious. I don't know what the other reviewers got, but I loved every single one of mine. The popcorn is also delicious. It had cheesy flavor on it. But was still classy. Because everything at Raines Law Room is classy. I loved the mostly invisible service and the bell you could ring for more drinks. I loved the more drinks. Cons: One does not simply walk into Mordor.
I was shocked, after reading previous reviews, when a girlfriend and I rang the bell and an incredibly friendly gentleman let us right in. Perks of being blonde. He took our jackets and let us know that there were no seats available but we could wait at the "bar" for something to open up. We headed back to the kitchen, where the bartenders were mixing up exciting concoctions right in front of us. Almost as soon as we ordered our drinks, the host let us know that a table had opened up in the front. We sat down in the old, dark, velvet chairs and were informed that we could ring the bell when we wanted to call over our server/flight attendant. Surrounded by dates getting cozy, we decided this was the ideal opportunity for two single gals to pig out on the two-tier cheese and salami platter. Mmmmmm. We called over our server to order who informed us that the space was actually an old hotel parlour- gramophone included. We truly felt like we were in the scene of an old movie, with the sexy, dim lighting and the classy, sophisticated furniture. We tried four different drinks combined; all were delicious. Reviews said that the wallpaper made them laugh. I found the more amusing part of the bathroom to be the entire desk of mirrors.
This place is super cool.. and kind of creepy, but that's what is so awesome about it. The drinks are great and so is the overall experience. Its a nice date spot so make a reservation and bring your sweetie.
Pros: - Delicious drinks. They really put care and effort into having original recipes with fresh ingredients and it definitely shows. - Atmosphere. The idea of an underground, exclusive bar was enticing enough but once we were in it was even better. The dark lighting and comfortable couches felt like we were taken back in time to a very Great Gatsby-type place. Cons: - The condom wrapper on the table was pretty weird. - Rob has been here at least 3 or 4 times and the wait is always at least twice as long as they say it's going to be. - Poor customer service. They make you feel like they're doing you a favor by being there to bring you a drink. The idea of exclusivity is cool, but once you're inside they should be more gracious to their customers.
Been here twice- when you walk in you are escorted to the "bar" which really looks    like someone's kitchen, to wait for your table. When you are seated there is a bell you can ring for service- you never have to wait to order your next drink. Cocktails were good, great date spot. Reservation is needed.
My favorite place to go in New York, bar none. I felt like someone hip and knowing as I rang that doorbell to the parlour and even more special when I could get in for a tasty libation. I used to frequent this place 3-4 times per week. The only reason I don't is because I moved away. You can expect soft jazz playing while candlelight sways on the wall. Not loud and a perfect date spot. I cannot emphasize that enough! P.S. - The interior is BEAUTIFUL.
All the hype is worthy.  We arrived around 11:30, rang the bell, put my name on the list and we grabbed a drink down the street until the french accented doorman called my cell in an hour - just like he said he would. The atmosphere was great: intimate,  romantic, dark, cool.  Couples were making out all around us, unfortunately we weren't.   My date loved the wallpaper... (as did I) Overall, the doorkeeper was great, bearded bartender and waitress were charming.  The service was a little slow, even for a cocktail spot,  but she was apologetic. Tried the olives, cheese tray and it was actually pretty good but I'm not sure about the use of toothpicks.  And of course the drinks were perfect -- I guess I'm slowly turning into a cocktail,speakeasy guy.
Nice joint! This speakeasy is disguised as a law center from the outside. However, after you knock on the door, you will be greeted by a friendly hostess, who will bring you to one of the couches and hand you a menu. When you are ready for her to take your order, just push a small doorbell-like button and the waitress will come over! The whole decor is a cosy, romantic setting and the place offers a wide array of great drinks. And omg the wallpaper in the bathroom! Seriously, a trip to the bathroom is a must, if not just to check it out.
Somehow they managed to capture all the negative aspects you put up with to get a great cocktail from Milk & Honey (RIP) or Little Branch, but without the great cocktails. Why? Even Manhattan can do better than this. If you find yourself staring down those stairs, just turn around, hail a cab, and go to Dram, Elsa or Hotel Delmano instead. The wallpaper of people doin' it is kind of funny, but it wasn't executed very well and doesn't warrant a visit.
Would you like to forget about the world in a different way, then you must go here and see for yourself what that means. It's like time stops and you are enveloped by that space between asleep and awake and not just because you are getting a serious buzz of some of the best made drinks you will ever consume. It's intimate and spirited at the same time - the bartenders know their stuff and are a sight to behold. I had the pleasure of being in "the kitchen" and watching the magic myself before my friend and I where seating in the main room of plush velvet couches and dim lights. Talk about a place to impress. To all the Gentleman out there, take someone special here you will earn points to last you quite awhile. Alone or with good company, I see a future of fond memories being made here.
I was really looking forward to trying this place. I read good things about it but I was really disappointed that I could not get a waitress to come to my table despite pressing the handy little button on the wall. I ended up leaving after 1 round because I was tired of waiting, and also needed to leave to get something to eat. There is almost no food on the menu. Definitely eat beforehand and be patient with the service. Other than that, the drinks are very good and the atmosphere is nice. The tables feel very private. I don't see how you could seat a group of more than 5 though.
There was chaos in the streets. Creatures ran past us. Cops did what they could to keep the crowds of terrifying folks in check. We made it to 17th street. A cop stopped us and warned that we couldn't go down that way. "But officer! Our friends are waiting for us at Raines Law Room! We MUST get to them! We must save them!", I said. "Alright, go, but be careful. We've seen some creatures there between 5th and 6th ave." And with that, my wife and I raced down 17th to the safety of the hidden, underground speakeasy. Ringing the bell, we were brought inside, the door shut safely behind us. We met our friends and went up to the bar to order something to drink while a space was freed up for us. We barely had time to place our order when we were moved into a comfortable couch-laden spot. From here, a simple pull of the chain on the wall brought assistance to us. Drinks were ordered. $12-15 a pop for cocktails, $8 for a small selection of beer. A mojito I ordered was relatively disappointing, but other drinks seemed to hit the spot. For hours we relaxed in the cozy, quiet, mood lit space, trading stories of survival from the streets above. The time had come to fight our way home. We paid our tab (and noticed either a comped or forgotten drink!) and climbed the stairs back to street level. And so ended our Halloween night at Raines Law Room! : D  Apparently this place gets packed at all times except Halloween, when the street outside is shut down to traffic and pedestrians in preparation for the NYC Halloween Parade to end there!
The doorman rarely lets me in, but when he does, this might be my favorite bar in the city. Intimate, individualized seating areas allow for small group or one-on-one gatherings, and the open kitchen in the back is stylized and lovely. Order cocktails and stand here if you can't get a table. The libations are delicious.
Great caramel popcorn but you would think that since we already racked up a $90 bill they could refill it for us. The waitress said she didn't have enough supply and wanted to save some for other patrons. Although her response was cheap, at least it was honest.   Amongst the three of us, we had the Andean Dusk, Alice's Evidence, Old Cuban, Rumble and Fort Knox. All great drinks that appealed to our tastes for something sweet but sophisticated. The atmosphere is definitely one to bring a date to, in fact when we looked around, everyone was there either on a date or a double date. Dim atmosphere, candle-lit tables, suggestive bathroom wallpaper and translucent drapes for the booths all point to the fact that my group may as well been three's company. I will definitely return for a more atmospheric time.
My kind of place as I tend to favor small spaces. You really get the experience of being transplanted back in the prohibition area (very meticulous with the decor and theme). Great for couples but not a place for larger groups. And unlike some other reviews on here  the door guy and staff haves always been very welcoming.
Crazy waits unless you get there right when they open. The place is super dark and the chairs aren't very comfy. Skip the cheese plate, it's full of scraps and poor quality cheeses. The doorbell system is cute, but the service was still pretty slow.
Great place to enjoy a conversation over drinks. Not overly crowded or loud. The drinks are delicious and the music playlist is amazing. The space is on the narrow side so if you're seating on the main room it doesn't feel as spacious. Would definitely go again and recommend to friends.
This is one of the best speakeasy bars I have been too. Very classy decor and creates a nice exclusive ambiance. They have light switches by the tables to be used to signal the waiter, true to the prohibition era. The wallpaper is also interesting. I have been here a few times, once with a group of people, and another time with one other friend. I feel that it was much better to get seated if we had a party or four compared to a party of two because of how the tables are set up. The alternative to getting seated is to stand by the bar where you can watch the bartenders prepare the drinks while sipping on your own cocktail. The only con to this place is that it is small,so be prepared to wait. The cocktails are amazing and well worth the price.
After spending Sunday evening at Raines Law Room, I was finally inspired enough to start a Yelp account.  My husband and I reserved a table for 10 pm. We were first shown to the bar.  We enjoyed it so much, we stayed at the bar for the reminder of the evening.   The drinks were wonderful.  The drink menu was beautifully organized.  Jessie and Rachel made the evening special with their seamless partnership behind the bar.  Jessie - we just toasted you and Rachel with a Jungle Bird!  Thanks for a wonderful evening.  We will look forward to spending time in Raines Law Room again soon.
My favorite cocktail, made perfect every time. $15 American Trilogy "Laird's 7.5-yr apple brandy, rittenhouse bonded rye whiskey, demerara sugar cube, orange bitters. Built in a glass with a block of ice" IMPORTANT TIP: You can make reservations Sunday, Monday and Tuesday nights! Super easy via YelpSeatMe :)
There is only three things you should know about this place: 1) there is no food. Eat before hand, you will need it. 2) It is the BEST speakeasy in NYC 3) Take your date here. They will be impressed. Enough said!
So awesome.  Came here last night with a friend for a drink.  After ringing the doorbell, we were greeted by a man with a crazy moustache (dying to know if it was real), who seated us at one of the couches.  I made reservations last night, which they take 3 nights a week, I believe - check the website.   The atmosphere of Raines was very cool, old-fashioned, like a speakeasy.  I felt like I was in a movie or something   It was also pretty quiet, so don't come here with your loudest friends, haha.   You have to pull this tiny little string on the wall hanging from a tiny circle light in order to get the waiter to come over.  It was super cute.  We got 2 different drinks and they were both amazing.  $13 for the regular drinks, $22+ for martinis/special drinks. LOVE it.  Will definitely come again.
I'm a big fan. I know about Raines Law from Eugene O'Neill's "The Iceman Cometh" and this place has a great sultry speakeasy vibe. Cool ambience, period drinks and music. Get there before 6 or after 10 unless you have reservations.
It's with great pleasure I write this review. Raines Law Room is hands down the best bar I've ever been to. Of all the top bars in the world lists I've read, this place always seems to be excluded. Maybe it's actually a good thing so the place holds on to the bit of mystique it had left. The entrance is a hard to find door that blends in with the buildings on the street. If you find it, you walk down some stairs and knock on the door which will be slightly opened by a host who will ask you how many in your party and your phone number. If they don't have any room (which they likely won't) then they'll call you when they do. (Tip: The best way to get in this place is to get here right when they open which is about 5pm) Once you're in, you're greeted by the smoothest and most perfect speakeasy you've ever seen. There are couches throughout, the lights are dim and at some points it seems like you can hear a pin drop. The place is very small, but spacious enough where you can walk around freely. They also stop letting people in when it reaches a certain amount, so it will never be crowded in here. There is also a bar in the back for those who prefer to stand and drink. However, they only allow a few people back there. Once seated on the couches, you have to pull down on a little switch to signal the bartender and order a drink. No yelling or flagging allowed. The drinks are perfection, literally. Everything on that menu is the perfect concoction so you really can't go wrong with whatever you choose. This is the ultimate date spot for whatever your situation is. Very intimate, quiet, exclusive and overall enjoyable. Again, you want to get here early to ensure you get in, but either way it's worth the wait. Here's to my favorite bar in the world until I'm proven otherwise!
We made the decision to choose Raines over Little Branch last weekend. Big mistake. HUGE. First, we waited almost 2 hours to be seated. After watching many people walk right on by, we were told "just a little longer!". And then, we get inside and it is INSANELY hot in the basement. I can't hold that against them, seeing as it was an inferno in NY last weekend, but this just added to the annoyance. We are seated, the atmosphere is nice and mellow. Cute little space. Drinks are tasty, which is why I can't give this 1 star. BUT, after paying for our drinks, which we admittedly didn't tip heavily on (see above: waited almost 2 hours for), they actually had the gall to tell us "people usually tip more than this". We left 15% and never plan on returning.
I'd never heard of this place until my friend asked me to meet him there after work since it was right around the corner from my office.  I totally got lost.  I had no idea it was a speakeasy and was wandering on the street like a lost soul.  Luckily, my friend stepped out and found me.  You'll totally miss this place if you're like me and only find places by street, avenue, and name of the venue. It was pretty neat I guess.  There were no seats so we had to stand by the bar in the back and it kind of made me feel like I was just standing around in an old whiskey filled basement.  I THINK I had a Madame George.  My friend ordered for me.  I don't really know... I'm not much of an expert with ordering fancy schmancy cocktails so i'm not one to know what kind of specialty hard liquor to pick.. but it was ok.  Tasted like a cocktail.  I prefer sticking to my vodka sodas. :/
Love this place, sexy, cozy. Perfect date spot!
Tried to get a table for three here when a friend dropped into town to look at law schools (seemed appropriate.) E-mailed for a reservation on a Tuesday night, but did not get a response, so I decided to chance it. Arriving at around 9pm, we got lucky as someone failed to show up for their spot. The atmosphere of the place was very cozy and small, full of couches and couples. Suddenly, I realized why a reservation was so hard to come by. We sat in the corner and enjoyed the ambiance and privacy. The menu itself is very expensive with categories like "Spring Fling" and "With a Hint of Spice." The drinks, albeit somewhat expensive at $14, were some of the best that I've ever had, barring the Singapore cocktail scene. My personal favorite was the vodka gimlet, although I don't remember the exact ingredients. Definitely a place to impress friends, or better yet, a date.
Reviewing a speakeasy on yelp is completely antithetical to the point of a speak easy... So.....no comment on this place. just kidding, it's great. favorite speakeasy in NY
Rarely is anything a five star... But this place is. Great scene and bar. Even the standing room is a cool place to be since you're standing right in front of the counter where the bartender concocts your drinks.   We were ushered over to a table when one opened up.   Nice place to be to have some intimate time with close friends.   OH and the blackberry bramble is amazing.
I have been visiting Raines Law Room (RLR) on a semi-regular basis since 2009. I really liked the place until recently - unfortunately. I think RLR has lost it's touch and character  in terms of drinks. I remember having hard time picking one as the best among so many and now it's the opposite and cant find even one to like. I don't know if its because they have made bar-tending a recipe-based ritual and have forgotten the importance of intuition and creativity, or perhaps because now the previous RLR hosts are the bartenders.  I may never find out the reason, but hope that it find its way back to being a place where drinks are more important than its decor, its name or the wait list to enter, because for the ones who crave true mixology, it's a matter of time to find a place where drinks and customers are always right!
I am a cocktail fiend. I know that Manhattan cocktails are ridiculously overpriced compared to pretty much the rest of the world, but I can't help it. I love them. And I personally would rather pay $15 for a well-crafted drink than $8 for some vodka soda I could've easily made myself. But anyway. The drinks on the menu jumped out to me less than at other cocktail bars (I usually go for whiskey with some sort of special kick and/or fruits) but this is not to say they don't have a vast selection. We spoke to the bartender and she mentioned that there was a Rickey that was not on the menu. It included gin, cucumber, club soda, and a couple other things, and was incredibly refreshing and delicious. Next time I also want to try the Kentucky Buck Fifty (whiskey lemon cholula black pepper and a cayenne rim!) Initially my friend and I were standing at the bar, but after about 10 minutes a table had opened up so we got to sit on the couches, which were quite comfortable, I might add. The ambiance of the room (because it really is pretty tiny) reminds me a little of the McKittrick hotel. It's dark, intimate, and nicely lit with candles in these bucket-type things. It's also fun because you can pull on this light switch on the wall and the waitresses will come and take your order. It's obviously not a great place for groups, but a date or one to two close friends would be perfect.
I can't say enough about Raines Law Room. The decor and in-character staff make you feel like you've truly stepped into another world. The place is intimate and charming and I was amazed that the wait time for a seat wasn't bad at all. My friend and I kept ourselves busy at the bar, where we discovered the amazing and individually tailored cocktails (just tell the mixologist what you like and he'll come up with something delicious), and we were soon escorted to our own private seating area where we could talk and drink and enjoy the music without feeling like we were in a crowded, noisy bar. The atmosphere was sophisticated without being pretentious and I loved every aspect! I will definitely be coming back soon.
I can't say enough about Raines Law Room. Two friends were in town this past Saturday, and I floated the idea of going here based on the stellar reviews. First things first, be prepared for a wait if you're going during a night when they don't take reservations. We put our names down at 10:00 and were quoted a 2-3 hr wait. We didn't even think they were going to call us back (and we don't know if they ever did because we went somewhere where I didn't have reception for 2 hrs). But we came back at around midnight, where I pleaded with the doorman (David you're the man!) to let us in. The place is cozy, and the noise level is just perfect for catching up with old friends. I love how the bartender wasn't overwhelmed and took the time to concoct each of our drinks. And our bartender was evidently knowledgeable too. We were all pleased with what we chose (I asked the bartender to make a custom drink for me). Two drinks and three hours later, we left reluctantly. It was a thoroughly "New York" experience. You will luck out going there during the winter because the entrance is more conspicuous than usual. I will definitely be back!
The interior of this bar is beautiful and the drinks are all made from fresh and natural ingredients like fresh juices and herbs.  Drinks are expensive but really good.  This is a good place to go with a small group.  One of the amazing features is a call button at your table so a server knows to comes to take your order!  Loves it.
Every time I come here, I never had the time to wait, but finally came here with J and we actually wanted to wait. I got the following cocktail: Andean Dusk la diablada pisco, moet & chandon rose champagne, lemon juice, simple syrup & muddled red grape. shaken & served up - really nice drink. Delicate, but strong and well balanced. I forget what J got, but by this time - I was pretty tipsy, since this was our 3rd spot. It was weird, these three people that were sitting in front of us, one girl was the third wheel, her two friends made out, while she sat there. AWKWARD.
Intimate and cozy, Raines Law Room is a wonderful respite from the trials and tribulations of one's work day. Lots of velvet couches furnish the room, and the menu is categorized based on concepts such as spiciness, for long nights of drinking, etc. I can't remember what my drink was but it was sippable, just like its category promised. And oh! A complimentary bowl of sweet/salty popcorn for a) hungry stomachs or b) nervous first-daters who don't know what to say.
We've been here multiple times and loved it but just saw MULTIPLE COCKROACHES crawling all over the walls in just one hour alone. We left a bad tip (of course!) and because of that the host repeatedly BANGED ON THE BATHROOM DOOR WITH HIS FIST! Be very careful, your drinks are likely contaminated!
Cool, intimate little speakeasy with great cocktails. Make sure you have a reservation-the door man is serious!
Instead of writing a review, I have obtained a few sample LSAT questions through less-than-legitimate means. These are actual questions that will be on next year's test and I hope anybody studying for them takes advantage of this opportunity*. 1. A patron, upon admittance to Raines Law Room, should expect: (a) fantastic, innovative, and unique drinks. (b) elegant decor and ambiance. (c) prompt, friendly service and a helpful waitstaff. (d) the endearing feeling and privilege of exclusivity. (e) All of the above 2. A Kentucky Buck Fifty, possibly one of the greatest cocktails ever conceived for connoisseurs of whiskey and spicy food, contains: (a) whiskey. (b) Cholula hot sauce. (c) lemon juice and simple syrup. (d) cayenne and black pepper on the rim for that extra kick. (e) All of the above 3. One should plan to visit Raines Law Room to: (a) indulge in sophisticated cocktails crafted with the finest care and attention to detail (b) impress a date (c) celebrate a birthday, anniversary, promotion, or the fact that you're in the neighborhood (d) experience a New York City speakeasy that not only lives up to, but well exceeds the hype (e) All of the above A perfect score on these questions grants automatic admittance to Raines Law Room**. *Disclaimer: The legitimacy of this statement has not been independently verified. But that's okay because Raines Law Room is still worth it. **Disclaimer: You will not be given automatic admittance to Raines Law Room, but it's not too hard to get into anyway.
What an awful- gosh awful experience... 4 friends came here and invited me and my 3 friends... the 4 friends showed up first and then we finally came and rung the doorbell.  The hostess answered and said that there can only be 6-7 people in the party and unfortunately, our group already had 4 inside.  I insisted that I would leave but can you just let these 3 other girls in...?? SHE SAID NO- The extra girl is too many... I said "I'll leave, so that you only will let in 1 extra versus 2"... SHE WOULD NOT DO IT... ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 1 EXTRA GIRL AFTER I OFFERED TO LEAVE. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE However- I went in after it was all said and done and the other girls sat at bar next door just to see what all the hype was about (my friend inside came out to get me)- hostess apologized even though she still wouldn't budge for the extra girl) we went outside to the garden and...... My question to you is: WHAT IS ALL THE HYPE AND HIGH RATED STARS ABOUT??? place is super strange and smells funny... ugh
Between David making you feel like you were blessed to enter the empty establishment and Megan making shitty drinks and acting like she hates your guts, I think I am just going to spend my money elsewhere, thanks, assholes, but no thanks.
Great service, great drinks, great atmosphere. After a couple drinks it's easy to spend 1-2 hours there getting carried away in conversation, with either your friends or random people you might meet. The crowd is generally very friendly and unpretentious.
I recommend this place to all friends that visit New York. Incredible cocktails with a fantastic private hidden feel. I highly recommend you make a reservation a few days ahead of time but its not always needed. It feels a little more intimate than Dear Irving in my opinion.
Great spot, excellent cocktails, and good service once you're seated. Courtesy phone call while you're on the queue is great as well
Dark, quaint, refined. Very cute outdoor seating as well (despite having gotten bit by a bunch of mosquitoes!). The drinks were great. The only bad thing about it was the narrow area by the bar. While I was waiting for my friend to join me it would have been nice not to feel cramped there. But there's plenty of other seating!
I had high expectations that weren't quite met here. I emailed for a reservation well in advance of the 3 PM deadline on a Tuesday and got no response. I showed up with my fiance and were told there was room in the kitchen. The decor and physical atmosphere were great, especially the wallpaper, but the staff were very...serious. Stern almost. I think cocktails should be fun, even fancy expensive ones, but maybe that's just me.  None of the 2 parties ahead of us had been seated after 30 minutes so we decided to leave. On the way out there were 2-3 vacant tables. If there had been a "reserved" sign on them I wouldn't have cared but the idea that these tables were being held for some mysterious VIPs while paying customers waited seemed silly. When we walked out there was a party of four waiting on the steps just to be let in. I can see why people have tired of this trend; because there is such demand these establishments can treat customers however they like. In this case, adequate but not welcoming service. I think I will look for a place with a similar format but better service.
Had a few drinks with a friend here. You should tip well and you might get you a reservation ;) The drinks were crafted with great expertise, but I was not  a fan. My friends definitely enjoyed theirs, my advice stick your taste buds.
My first speakeasy, so I have not much to compare too; maybe I'm being overly critical or overly nice about certain things. The decour is fantastic. Instantly you feel like you're being shuttled into a new era, one where flappers are walking right out the guarded, locked door and the crowd inside is older, wiser, less crazy-let's-party drunk and more mature-drink-fancy-cocktails drunk. The lighting is dim, it's very, very romantic. A+ location for a date. As for the drinks, I ordered a Western Sour, my friend ordered a Santiago's Calling, and my other friend ordered something else which I don't remember. The Western Sour was very strong and surprised me at first, but I found myself slowly liking it. I only gave it 4 stars because I wasn't incredibly blown away by the cocktails itself; the atmosphere is absolutely, hands-down lovely and one-of-a-kind. There are seating arrangements and also just the most soft velvety couches you will ever lay on in your life. Also, you ring a doorbell when you want to be served. Pretty cool, classy stuff. Oh and the bartenders are very, very nice to look at.
BEST BAR EVER! From the moment you approach the unmarked door down a flight of stairs and ring the doorbell to be let in your experience begins. Once inside (if you can get inside--the wait on the weekends can be hours) is old fashioned and incredible. There are big comfortable chairs and couches with glass tables. Once you sit down you are approached by a very friendly waitress or waiter and given a novel of drinks to look at. The book (yes it's literally a book) of drinks is arranged based on tastes--sweet, whiskey, etc. Once ready to order you pull a string next to your chair to alert your server--SO AWESOME--and they take your drink order. We were given a bowl of the most delicious popcorn ever to go with our drinks. Now for the most important part: the drinks! They were the most incredible drinks we have ever had. They were definitely adult cocktails and meant to be sipped but wow what quality. My boyfriend asked our waitress if the bartender could improvise for him for his second drink, so he told her what he liked and the bartender made a delicious improvised drink; they don't mind doing that. Drinks are so good we ended up splitting a third. I use the word experience for this place because it's not the kind of place you pop in for a quick drink...i mean you could but what a waste! Savor every minute!
Is this supposed to be some sort of recluse bar/lounge? My father had a couple bars around town and we were on a bar crawl. He wanted to introduce me to this "speak easy" bar. Upon entrance, the bouncer said to us that they reached capacity. Really?? It was only 9 o'clock?? Anyway.. Lucky us, we somehow got in (I s'pose it was the talk of owning this and that that paved the way through). I was quite disappointed when we were in. First of all... Let me just say that there were only 10 souls in this place!!  It was so dark I really couldn't see any potential faces... not that I was really looking. The bartenders were so caught up in catching up with each other that they didn't even bother charging us for our mojitos. cheers!!! Upside is that they have a private patio in the back if u want to escape the already escaped bar.
This isn't going to become your new neighborhood bar, but it's great for the novelty, for a visit to a swanky speak easy, or to impress your out of town friends. The first time I was here I must have passed by three times. It is a tiny door down some stairs on a quiet street, but the inside doesn't disappoint. With authentic 1960s decor and a twenty page long cocktail menu, stepping though the door is truly like stepping back in time. What I love about this place is that even though they have the speakeasy gimmick (go down the stairs, ring a bell, etc,) they don't make you wait if it's early on a Friday and they're not full yet (I'm looking at you PDT). To me, that makes Raines so much classier and more legit then other pretentious places that will keep you waiting "just because" (there nothing worse than being made to wait a half hour before being led into an empty bar). The drinks were creative and tasty, the atmosphere very Great Gatsby and fun. A great place to add to your repertoire of novelty cocktail bars.
New York, what a city of unrivaled egos.  Where bouncers at the most popular nightclubs can bring the 1% to their knees.  Where servers at restaurants can and will shame you into ordering more food.  Where the customer is rarely right. After hearing many great things about this place and seeing that it has a 4 1/2 star review on Yelp, we decided to come here on a Friday night.  We expected a wait and when the host told us 1.5 hours, we didn't blink an eye and put our names down (a true NY moment).  We went in search of food, came back an hour later to check where we were, were told it would probably be another 45 minutes, and left again.   At the same time, the host had called another group and told them their table was ready.  They came, their table was not ready despite them high-tailing it many blocks in a few minutes.  This should've been a hint. Another hour passed (2 hours at this point) and we came to check again.  Still a few people ahead of us.  That's okay, it's a Friday night and things happen.  We went to the nearby Rye House, and waited.  We were having fun there, occasionally checking our phones, totally feeling like a needy chick waiting for a guy to call.  Around 4 hours after we had put our names down, we polished off our last drinks, and were ready to call it a night.  We went to check what had happened, and were told they had called everyone on the list and that they had seats.   Um...no you didn't.  I definitely did not receive a call and even though I have AT&T, my service in NYC isn't that bad...The host and the manager(? guy in glasses) both insisted that they had called, making us feel bad for questioning them.  The manager was even glaring at us, as if we were inconveniencing him.  I insisted, and the host checked his phone. Well what do you know, he did not call us and called another number with the same area code instead.  He apologized profusely and later sent us free champagne.  The other man kept glaring and offered absolutely no apologies.   The place itself is very nice, with dim lighting and spacious seating.  It's much less crowded than the other speakeasies in the city and the tables near the back seem perfect for larger groups since most of the other speakeasies have a limit of 4 people per table.  The drinks themselves are very good, not the best which I personally think are at Angel's Share. But after the horrible treatment, I won't ever be back.  The customer is not always right, but sometimes, she is right.  When she is right, a simple apology is absolutely called for.  Too bad apologies aren't mandated by law.
My wife and I had a great time here it's a must do in NYC. We stopped by rung the door bell they took our names and said they would call us back when our table was ready. An hour later we got the call headed back that way. Once you step in you feel like you just went back in time to the 20s. You go in to the kitchen where they make drinks. We ordered our first round by the time we finished our table was ready. The table is a nice plush couch which was super comfy. The lighting was very dim and it was a super romantic atmosphere. Any time you need a drink or service you just press the button on the wall and your server appears. Drinks were all superb and the ice is perfectly square and see through. I guess they import it from Brooklyn lol any way we had the time of our life and will be back!
Went there a few more times since my first review and this is by far the best place for qualify drinks in NYC.  Old Cuban and Grapefruit Collins - can't go wrong with either.
Dark, creepy old man bar for Silver Foxes on the hunt. Knocked on the door last Friday night with my GF and were told that they were full, and we would have to wait at least an hour to get in.  Nay, we had to pass on that. As we were walking away, an Escalade full of old men rolled up and strolled right in. Must have been senior citizen night because another group of pretty girls were turned away too. Bingo!
Knocked another speakeasy off the bucketlist this weekend!  Raines Law Room is LEGIT!  I liked the decor a lot better than PDT, Death&Co, Little Branch and Milk & Honey - it was a more open, cozy feel and there were comfy couches like you were lounging in someone's secret basement layer. It was pretty warm and smelled heavily of incenses.  Their menu is enormous and gives you the history of the law itself (which references prostitution a lot so I recommend reading...)  As for the drinks I ordered the "Spicy" San Luis Cup which packs a punch!!  Highly recommend for out of town guest if you want to give them a unique, old NY experience.
I love speakeasy lounges and this place has been on my list forever! I also love that they take reservations on certain nights so 3 of us went on Sunday at 9pm. It is not hard to find if you have their address handy - just walk down a few steps, ring the doorbell next to an unlabeled black door and wah-la, "checking-in" was seamless for us. They had our table ready and waiting. The place feels intimate and exclusive, the couches were big and comfy, their cocktail menu has a nice selection and people that night were lay back. The light switch idea is unique. The waitresses were attentive and acknowledged quickly each time our light was on.
There are no better drinks in the city than made by the mixologists here. Come early and score a couch. Great setting.
Love the ambiance. Came through on a Thursday night and the wait was about twenty-thirty minutes for two. I appreciate bars/lounges that limit the amount of people coming in to create a warmer, relaxed atmosphere. We were taken to the bar until a seat opened up. There are no wooden chairs or booths, it's all sofas and that makes it pretty cozy and intimate yet comfortable. The drinks were great - had three different cocktails (Right Now, The Chancellor, Sweater Weather). Right Now tasted light, Chancellor was strong, and Sweater Weather embodied fall. No hot drinks that we saw but the autumn seasonal drinks looked amazing either way. Doorman was friendly and professional. Hostess, waitress, and bartender were very attentive.
Really awesome spot with delicious handmade cocktails!! It's fun to ring the doorbell and grab a seat either inside or on the patio. There is a large selection of creative and well- thought out cocktails. We all really enjoyed our drinks and the dark but convivial atmosphere!
The speakeasy-styled bar seems to be all the rage but from my limited experience not easy to execute well.  I thought Raines did it very well, they had style, sophistication and the bar is impeccably designed.   A great place to have an evening with people you want to chat with vs. shout at over loud music.  Our drinks were very good.  My one watch-out would be that if you are looking for a "quick" "simple" anything go somewhere else.  Your drink will take time and it will be a complicated beverage, so you have to be ready to sit back and relax.
Rating: 3.0, Date Visited: 7/13/2011 I came to meet two friends at this so-called speakeasy for some drinks on a weeknight. You have to pay attention to the street numbers as the non-descript door leading down stairs to the front door can easily be missed. After ringing the bell, the host asked us to wait outside. He had a (possibly fake) French accent and a (possibly fake) moustache curled up at the tips. When he finally let us in to meet our 3rd friend (already waiting inside for 30 minutes), he proclaimed that we would have to stand "probably for at least an hour". Not wanting to keep our punctual friend waiting any longer, we agreed. The entire experience to get into this establishment was really snooty. Drinks, Service & Atmosphere We started off our evening in the brightly-lit, cramped but cozy back room where the mixologist works from a kitchen island. The drinks menu is sophisticated and pricey ($13-17 per drink). After reading pages and pages of drinks, unable to decide, we decided to ask the mixologist to prepare something for us based on our likes. My friend had a Modern Love and I had the Moscow Mule. Both were delicious. The best part about this back room is the display of ingredients at the bar and the 50's oldies play list. With the music and the bartender dressed in a vest and stripes, you really felt transported back to an older era. Only twenty minutes later, we pleasantly surprised when they approached us and said we could be seated in the main room. The main room is dimly lit and decorated with a mix of plush chairs, chaises and couches of all different types. The unique décor of Raines is a huge draw. We sat in three chairs very conducive to an intimate conversation. The service significantly improved throughout the evening after the annoying front door and we had an enjoyable time. It wasn't too crowded in the main seating area on a Wednesday night. This place is dark, mysterious and enticing. I'd like to come back with 1-3 friends (max) some other time to try more drinks. I'd probably try Mon-Wed to avoid the whole waiting on the outside stairs business.
I love myself some fancy, mixology-style cocktails, and Raines Law Room blew me away on all counts.  Their menu is one of the most extensive and creative I've ever seen, their space is stunning, and the service is impeccable.  I loved the button in each booth to call your server over for more drinks! As good as it gets for fancy cocktails!
Almost 5 stars -- the speakeasy feel here is unbeatable and raw. You do feel like you've snuck off to a prohibition drinking den of times passed (along with all the class that passed with it). The light, the attire of the servers, the wood, the velvet, the marble, the very sexy wallpaper (look closely!). But the drinks? They were good but not awesome. Maybe I'm spoiled by New York's incredible mixology scene, but I expected more. Most of the menu is simple variations on classic drinks you can get anywhere ("Pom Collins" or "Harvest Julip"). You can order by description though, which is always nice but from the menu I'd say, if you already know cocktails, you'll probably be disappointed. Come here for the atmosphere. For drinks, try Milk and Honey, Angels Share, PDT, or Apotheke instead.
Me likey! Chic interior, great drinks (think I got the cucumber, gin concoction oooh so refreshing) and ever so comfy. Likey likey!
Just go. Be that person.  Take the date, or the business associate.  Ring the bell, say your name, settle into your couch and pull the chain.  No one I have ever been there with was ever less than dazzled by the quality of the Raines Law Room experience. No lie, my favorite relaxed bar in the city.  A very good vibe, quiet enough to talk, but cool enough to talk about.
Classy little intimate speakeasy. Great place to take out of town guests! Ring the doorbell, wait for the doorman, have a quiet conversation, come back in an hour when your seat is available.  This is how it's gone down every time, and I LOVE it.   The drinks are unique and delicious, and the service is perfect.  I love pulling the string to get the server back for the next round.  Drinks are pricey, but worth the price for the intimate setting that you don't get ANYWHERE in this city. Classy place.  This is as good as it gets for a classy cocktail place!!
Long, long wait outside and then even inside to get a table. Had to keep an eye on the hostess to make sure we weren't being skipped. Besides the anxiety gained while waiting - the setting and champagne cobbler drink are great.
Another good NYC speak easy. The drinks were good, very easy to get around. A little tough to get seated, but still good overall. Very similar to Death & Co, Milk & Honey, etc. Another good one, not any worse or any better than the others.
My new favorite speakeasy. Old-school Mad Men vibe, but the crowd was friendly. Try the Gold Rush if you like bourbon.
Fuckin loved this place.  Great bartender, great cocktail waitress, great drinks, great atmosphere.  You have to be let in after pressing the doorbell.  You get your own table, and you order more drinks by pressing a button at your table.  Quiet, intimate, would be an awesome place to take a date.  I imagine it's hard as Hell to get a table on the weekends, since there's only 8, but they take reservations I believe.
Came with the spouse on a Wednesday night at 11pm. NO code needed to this speakeasy. Rang the doorbell and was told a 45min to hr. wait. Gave them my number and carried on. Moments later a blocked number calls asking if i was still interested in joining them for the night, HELL YEAH! This night in particular most men in this place were in suits and the women were in dresses. I felt under dressed coming straight from a flight with a button down shirt, denim jeans and a scarf. They took our coats and walked us over to the bar/kitchen area as we ordered and watch the Mixologist make those drinks. I got "The American trilogy" and my other got a non-alcoholic cocktail surprisingly hers was better then mine. YES drinks are strong. We then got offered to sit in the lounging area where we acquainted another couple sitting in front of us leg hugging each other, still enough space to keep our conversation a little private. I wouldn't come here W/ a group larger then 4. Its a shame we ordered only 1 drink a person because we were so tired from our flight. So $30 for two drinks will do for now. Will def. be back for business.
Oh Yelp, why don't you have fractional star ratings.  I would love to give this place 5 stars, but just can't bring myself to do it-- 4.5 would be just right. The atmosphere is fabulous, the service is fabulous, and the clientele is largely hilarious.   But the cocktails were a bit on the weak side.  Maybe we didn't order right?  Maybe it was a Sunday night and they were trying to go easy?  Maybe I drink too much? In any case, RLR really gets "speakeasy" right-- dim but not too dim, lots of little nooks to hide in, a chain pull to summon the server.  Time travel is fun.
Slick, sly, and very "Mad Men."  Went with one other couple last year and we lucked out, getting a loveseat and two chairs right away, plus the best server.  The staff and service was great!
From Sunday to Tuesday you can book reservations and I definitely recommend doing so!  No wait, a couch to lounge on and a switch to hail your server?  Sounds good to me!  The drinks are around $15 which was expected and there is enough variety to satiate anyone's taste buds. When you get there, you walk down stairs, ring a bell and the hostess conspicuously asks your name, closes the door, then opens it a minute later to let you back in.  Definitely promoting the speakeasy vibe (perhaps too much?).  It's definitely a positive they don't overcrowd this place because you can hear yourself talk and you aren't cramped into a tiny two top table.  Fun atmosphere and would definitely come back! The only down side is they only have two food options: olives and chocolates.  It would be nice to munch on a cheese or charcuterie plate--but I guess it is a cocktail lounge afterall...
Went here with my girl on a Saturday night, we put down our names and were told that we would get a call back in 1.5 hours. We come back 2 hours later and are told that we are on time for a place by the bar. We were told that our seats will be ready soon. We have a drink by the bar, are told the wait for seat will be longer.  I walk out to see half the place empty and they seat only large groups, without any reservations! David at the door smoking, the waiters, bartenders, no one really cares about service. They just want a queue at the door/bar. Ultra snobbish, worthless place....there are speakeasy's like lil branch, PDT that serve better drinks too....Do not ruin your weekend waiting here
Ambiance: GREAT! Very cute and nice place. Good cocktails, not crazy loud, conversational. Good for a first/second date as well. Staff is very courteous, and friendly! I will definitely go back there!
You have to make a reservation - not sure how much in advance bc 2 awesome girls let us come in with them and sit at their table. But make it.  You wont get in with a big group if you just show up, and if youre in the mood to be rowdy, dont go. -Its a small place, very cozy. Great crowd of all ages. -Drinks - SUPERB. Perfectly measured and well thought-out. $15 on avg for a drink, very worth it. -Organized with couches facing each other, very intimate. Bring a date, she'll love you
Can this speakeasy get any sexier? This place does remind me of Shalel Lounge, but it's definitely not as out of the way, and less infiltrated with hookah smoke and rose petals (good thing? bad thing? you decide). Perhaps it's the locked door which you have to ring the doorbell to enter that adds the extra mystery and challenge. (In honor of Anita Ward...you can ring my bellllll, ring my bell....). Or the subsequent master-servant relationship that seems to develop when you're asked to pull the switch to call forth your server for more delicious concoctions. Like the hot-and-cold maneuvers of a sneaky bachelor or bachelorette, you're unwittingly entranced by the forbidden, elusive nature of this place. Challenge accepted. And yet, on a Friday night, without any reservations, we were able to get those coveted seats with no problem at all. Perhaps it was auspicious timing, but it certainly gives my review a certain favorable bias.  If you're a New Yorker or visiting New York, you must try this place at least once (or twice. or thrice). Elegant, secretive, dimly lit, intimate, just a little naughty, and perfect for a late night rendezvous.
Came here with a friend after dinner on a weekday. We had no reservations and were able to get in. The front looks like a door to someone's house. Everyone was pretty dressed up and it looked like everyone there was on a date. It was kind of cool that you push a button that lights up when you need something from the server. However, I don't really like the layout because our chairs were facing other people, like we were all part of the same group. So I could hear their whole conversation. This is a cool concept to take tourists too, but not as good as other speakeasies I've been too. If this was a regular bar that anyone could get into, I would go more often.
I had been wanting to go here for a while now. We went early on a Saturday in May and it wasn't crowded. The staff were friendly although we did wait for what I felt was too long between being seated and the waitress coming to take our order. However, I must say that tall the drinks were delicious. Decor was beautiful although it is much smaller than it appears online. I would definitely go back.
A great place to bring a group of friends/date you want to have a lengthy conversation with.  We were a party of 6, one of the larger groups there, and found a great booth to fit us all comfortably.  Mainly couplets on a Tuesday evening.  There was a 30 minute wait Tuesday evening but if you leave your number they will call you when space opens up.
A bar where you have to walk down hidden stairs and ring a doorbell? Count me in. My friend and I put our names down for a reservation at 8:15 on a Tuesday, and were surprised at the 45 minute wait. A few walks around the block and a relatively warm night made the time fly, and we were standing at the bar by 9 PM. We ordered a whiskey-based and a tequila-based cocktail and waited while the bartender told us about Raines law and the story behind the lounge's name. The drinks were well presented, reasonably strong, and I liked the sweetness in my tequila-based cocktail. It would have been nice to sit in the lounge, but standing at the bar afforded a great view of all the drinks going out. As with most lounges, it was quite dark inside, and the noise level was moderate. If you can get in, this would be a great place for a date or a catch-up!
Very nice place. The drink menu has many old school classics whipped up fine fashion. The room is great, love it. I wish they had more craftsmanship though - they couldn't do anything for my buddy who doesn't drink. He essentially got grapefruit juice with club soda and something else. While one could say this isn't a place for a non-drinker to be looking for something tasty and different I can say Angel's Share and PTD knock non-alcoholic drinks out of the park. Even top restaurants like Daniel and Jean Georges have their own concoctions.
Definitly my favorite place in NYC to go have a drink. Being there really makes you feel like you enterted a time machine. My favorite thing is the wall paper in the bathroom .... I am not going to spoil it just go check it out!
A few friends and I were in the neighborhood, a little tipsy and trying to decide where to go. I suggested this place, since I've been waiting to go for a while. We rang the bell, was told to wait 5 minutes and then we were whisked in behind a curtain. It was row after row of red velvet sofas. The decor felt very prohibition like, dark, intimate and hidden away. We settled into the very last couch, right next to the bar. We're given our drink men, look it over. It was very extensive, I think over 10 pages maybe? I don't remember, I was tipsy already, I also didn't remember what we ordered either. But I do remember it being gin, light and refreshing for that humid evening. People were all chit chatting in low tones, bartenders behind us making drinks. The only thing is that I wished there were actual stools at the bar instead of standing area, I would have liked to come here on my own some time.
Of course we would bump into Garrett P and Eunice T here. Really digging the ambiance, cushy couches, the British accents, the string you pull for service. Drinks are strong, and I appreciate the selection with bubblys.
This is the first speakeasy I've been to and I was really impressed. The workers' clothing and The decorations are great at capturing an old time period. I'm no historian so I don't know if it's the most accurate, but it looked good for an average person! The only thing that messed the feeling was when I was leaving I saw a smart phone on the reception table. The bathroom wallpaper is a bit creepy...enough said. The drinks are really good! I got the champagne cobbler and It was really good! I'd drink it fast so it doesnt get diluted since there's a lot of crushed ice in it. Other notes: - dimly lit - intimidate - cool first date kind of place - great for a GNO
My friend and I were looking for a place to get drinks after dinner and we were determined to get into Raines Law Room. It was a rainy Wednesday at 730PM so we thought we might have a chance. It was still a 1.5 hour wait! Undeterred, we put our name down and wandered the city for some time and then finally got our long-awaited beckon. We were so glad we waited! The ambiance and interior decor were spectacular! The furniture and the walls were perfectly ornate and luxurious. And the drinks were strong and delicious. I got the French Affair. The muddled strawberries were great to eat at the end of the beverage. My friend got the Andean Dusk. It had this interesting bubble on the top of the drink - whether it was on purpose or not, it definitely amused us since it looked like the sun setting into the "dusk". Very neat, very great atmosphere. Most certainly a place to take a date you want to impress and if you can swing it, a great little place to get together with a group of close friends who enjoy well-made drinks.
Sultry and sexy for sure, but also A-rate attention to coats, seating, and drinks of course. The gin-lemon-ginger-rosewater martini I had was to die for.
Wonderful cocktails, great venue and fantastic service. The cocktail menu isn't overwhelming with a million choices and the drinks are organized by type which makes it easier to choose e.g. light and refreshing, hint of spice, etc. I dabbled mostly on the "hint of spice" page and had 2 delicious drinks in addition to a whiskey drink that was very potent but tasty. Highly recommend for a nice, sophisticated outing!
*DING DONG* A pretty hot guy with an accent dressed all spiffily answers the door and says "hello, two people?" (number depends on your party of course!) and after saying yes he says "give me a moment" and closes the door. Comes back and says to me and my pal "it'll be 15 minutes, may i take your name and number?" After thinking to myself "of course, and you can call me any time day or night *wink wink*" I snap out of it and give him the digits and we walk away. 15 minutes turned into an hour and then we finally got THE CALL!!! We moseyed on over there and were pretty glad we waited to have this lovely experience. It was a dim place and it looked like a living room! I felt like i was walking into a private party in the 1960's. We were told there were no tables available so we'd have to hang in the back where the bar was. I ordered a couple of mixed drinks and for 13 bucks a pop they were NOT BAD! There was only 1 bartender mixing all the drinks so you'd wait a good 10-15 minutes for your drink to be ready. In the back you can see the drinks being made because the bartender isn't hidden away, he is mixing drinks on an island and it's all exposed. It's an art, an art he has mastered from what I saw and tasted. On my second drink I was told a table was ready for us, so we were finally were allowed into the main sitting area!  It's split into like mini sections so 1 party would have their own corner, a couple had their own table and settee, another party has their own couches and table, it's all very intimate. It's fun to people watch while sipping on a fancy mixed drink, and pecking on some complimentary kettle corn popcorn. I'd suggest coming here with a date before  or after a lovely dinner at BLT fish or whatever restaurant of your choice in the neighborhood. dont miss out on this place.  It's a lovely getaway.
This is my top recommendation for a cocktail lounge in NYC How it Feels: -classic 20s feel without being kitschy -unlike other speakeasies (e.g., PDT), it's less like a tourist destination and more like an true undiscovered gem -an intimate social club (you could easily miss the nondescript black door) What to Do: -Put your name in and wait by the door, or grab a drink/bite at nearby Rye House -Have a drink in the kitchen in the back while you wait for your table.   It's actually a kitchen(!) and as the staff (easily mistaken for the hip clientele) bustles around mixing and serving drinks, you can catch them for a drink rec -Sit down at your table an enjoy a few round of amazing specialty cocktails -Start with "The Gold Rush" - one of their best cocktails
Ummm... Why does this place smell like a giant terd.   Not cool.  I will say that the drinks are decent, though... But the servers a bit "too cool for school" so all in all, there are way better places in the city to get a fancy cocktail .
This has got to be one of the best bars in Manhattan to grab a cocktail unlike you've ever had. The place can be a little hard to find.. Hence it's called a speakeasy.. Once you enter after you ring a bell, it's a whole new world in there. Extremely romantics, dimly lit. And here's a little tip.. Get there around 8 pm.. Ask to be seated in the back patio.. As it closes at 9:30.. The back patio is pure bliss. You'll feel transported into a whole different city. Great spot for a date. Trust the bartenders... Tell them your preferred poison and ask them to concoct a drink.. You won't be disappointed.
Wow. This place is incredible. As far as bars go, you'd be hard pressed to find a place as intimate and classy as Raines. My Fiancee and I went on a Sunday a couple of weeks ago (12/30/12). We made a reservation for 10:30PM and were able to walk right in. We dressed up a bit (business casual), as we were expecting an extremely upscale establishment, but there were patrons in t-shirts, so we needn't have worried. Service was both excellent and non-existant at the same time. It was very prompt when called (press the button when you need anything), but sparse in between. This bothered me slightly at first, but a couple of drinks in you realize that its a benefit. Allowing you to connect with the one's around you. We met some amazing people while at Raines. Some of the nicest we met while in NYC. This may have been due to everyone's rapidly diminishing sobriety, but who's counting. Yes, as the other reviewers have stated: the drinks are indeed strong. My date and I had three drinks each and we had a funnier than normal walk to our cab, if you catch my drift. Our bill before tax and gratuity was over $90, but I would spend it again in a heartbeat. This was absolutely one of our best nights out in New York. You won't find a better combination of ambiance, drinks and people anywhere else.
It feels like a speakeasy so no large neon signs out front or large door guy with a red velvet rope. Know the address and ring the door bell. They may not answer right away so be patient. It isn't easy to get a table so go early or make a reservation. Drinks are excellent and a large selection. It isn't a Vegas ultra lounge with glamour nor tries to be. The patrons were all dressed well and the decor was dark with character and class. I'll definitely be back if I can get a table.
I am a fan ....once you get through that door. The only downside I experienced was when the doorman wouldn't let me in because they were "at capacity." I was joining a group of people already there, and still the doorman gave me a hard time. Once my friend got me and I walked in.... there were empty tables and chairs.... definitely NOT AT CAPACITY. Nevertheless, RLR is a cozy, comfortable setting. Dim lights. Great drinks. Fabulous ambiance. The concept of pulling a cord to get the attention of your waiter is a nice touch.
Great drinks. Friendly staff, but the waitress goes missing for a bit...
Hands down, best speakeasy bar . If you go on a quiet night like a monday or tuesday, you will be able to get a table or a place at their bar. Else, you will have to give your name and number to the doorman and wait around an hour or so till they call you back to get a table, but its WORTH the wait. The ambiance is low key,  dimly lit, laid back and very very intimate. Music is perfectly soft in the background  so you can have an easy conversation with your friends. You can also go to the bar, which is more of a kitchen, where you can see the mixologist make the drinks. The cocktails here are very good, and you don't necessarily have to order from the menu. You can ask the mixologist to make you a drink to your tasting. Overall, this is the place to go for an intimate experience.
Easily the coolest, tastiest cocktail place I've ever been to in the city.  Very period--1910s/20s feel, and the kind of place where you feel you need to dress up a little.   Love it.
Good cocktails ... try the gold rush!
Intimate and fun, with amazing drinks! It might be difficult to get seating on certain nights of the week, so I'd suggest limiting your party to two or three people. One of the best parts: standing in the kitchen and watching the bartenders --- actually, more appropriately, Mixologists --- craft the cocktails. You can usually chat them up and provide them with a flavor profile to identify a drink you will enjoy. Cocktails average about $15 per, but it's well worth it, and I've spent the same at other venues for half the quality without any of the ambiance.
There's something nice about a place where the people coming into it mind their own business. It's not a scene. The crowd is sometimes slightly older (mid-late thirties), but it doesn't matter because everyone is there to enjoy the company of the people they came with and not to ogle at potential prospects. Bonus: They have an outdoor patio in the back.
4.5 no doubt !! Thanks yelp again,  I came here for a new discovery, it was pretty easy to find, At a Saturday evening, this place is packed. We left our number and waited near by for half hour until we got in. At first they don't have any table, we were told to be at the bar area, the bar area was really just a kitchen. No seat, be prepare to stand. We got lucky with the table, we only waited for 10 minutes. Once we sat down, the magical begins. I was totally dig the vibe. This place don't take reservation on weekend. One my favorite recently discoveries !!!!
It's so spot on that it's almost a caricature. Arrive shortly before opening, or come with a larger group (up to 6) to decrease your chances of a long wait. The kitchen is maybe even nicer than the living room.
Arrogant staff + no reservation system = waste of time. I've been to this speak easy a dozen times. They never remember me, don't take reservations, and require you to wait 1-2 hours, at which point they call you and you come and wait at the bar.
Very classy place. Perfect for an after dinner drink. Very intimate- dark lighting, close couches, curtains, etc. Small groups for sure. Not for a rowdy groups. If you like and can appreciate well made drinks, this is a place you must check out. Bartenders are flexible and will make you something according to your tastes if you ask.
Raines is a fine spot for a good cocktail. I like a good speakeasy, in spite of their tendency to give off a pretentious vibe...and Raines fits the billl. I have no idea how difficult it is to get in, as I already had friends there...but it seemed easier than PDT, which I appreciated. I don't like having to work *too* hard for my booze. The ambiance is, in a word, "cool". Very classic. And the lights to flag down the servers are a nice touch too.
Had heard good things about this place so I decided to go with my girlfriend on a Friday night after dinner. The arrogant doorman told us we had to wait for at least one hour to get a table and we could leave our phone number so they can contact us. We said that it was too long of a wait and were about to leave until two ladies who HAD NOT contacted the place beforehand requested for a table and immediately got in! WTF? I do not know on what basis they screen people to get in (it's not like we were not dressed up or anything) but that was plain ridiculous. Do yourself a favor: make a reservation to Milk & Honey and ignore this pretentious BS.
Speakeasy factor: open the screen door, knock on the unmarked door, be greeted by a fellow who (assuming you're foolish enough to come here on a weekend during peak hours) will quote you a very long wait-time and ask for your number so he can call you when seats open up. Pretentious? No doubt!! But I decided that I like this speakeasy anyway. They get it right: decor, drinks, vibe and all. (True story: on a Saturday night after 1am he said it'll be 1.5 hours. We gave him our number...with our foreign area code. He said, "Oh you're from *that city*??? Come right in! But just tell people you waited 1.5 hours." Seriously!) As he opened the door we saw a lady sitting by the front in a beautiful vintage dress, with her feet propped up, reading a book. Yes. That's what we saw. The server gave us an extensive drink menu and told us to ring the bell when we're ready. How fun :) Downside: if you're a twosome you might be seated at a fairly intimate table with another twosome. We were. And we were unlucky enough to have to watch them (or try not to watch them) aggressively suck face for an hour. Classy!
Very, very sexy place. I didn't try any cocktails but the chardonnay was good. This place reminds me of someones basement actually. It is on a lower level that you walk downstairs to get inside (after ringing the door bell). Very dimly lit with nice comfortable couches for you and your date to get comfy. When you illuminate the light the waitress comes right over in a second. The place is very small also so it gives them the opportunity to be attentive and concentrate on making good drinks. A scene from Eyes Wide Shut could definitely have been shot here...uh huh it's like that! I would definitely go back on a Tuesday for sure. I wouldn't try this place on a Friday or Saturday night though...and i would definitely recommend making reservations prior to arriving.
Solid drinks. Classy environment. Tasteful speak easy that is not so much snobbish as it is sexy and appealing. The drinks of sophisticated. They are guaranteed good, though maybe not phenomenal. The staff is polite (yet sparse) and the smell is consuming and cozy. Impressive to guests immediately upon going down stairs to walk through a black wooden door. Perfect go-to. Make reservations on Mondays and Tuesdays. Get there early and never leave.
This classy, sophisticated, throwback of a vintage gin joint seems like it should be one of New York City's best-kept secrets -- but the crowds prove otherwise. The unique drinks are as strong as the sophisticated ambiance is timeless. Raines Law Room's lone, yet significant faults, are an absurd wait for seating and a lack of service once seated. But if you're not in any hurry, it's as good as it gets.
Stopped in here twice on the last trip out to NYC. Adam is an awesome bartender, Ross Collins is delicious, and the ice cubes they get from the sculpting studio is just mesmerizing. Definitely a great spot to lounge and enjoy fantastic drinks - we went on weekdays and it was perfect to relax and lounge - I imagine I wouldn't want to come when it's crowded on the weekend... part of the fun is being able to watch the bartender make drinks and chat with them.
Group of 6 of us showed up on a weekend night. Put our names down and waited for them to call us back. We hung out at some other bars near by for around 1.5-2 hrs before they had room for us. The atmosphere is very intimate and the decorations feel 20s/upscale. The seating is mostly small couches, armchairs, etc. Lends to the intimate feeling but doesn't really accommodate large groups... I'd say 6 is about the upper boundary. Drinks were amazing! I had the cherry lime rickey which was really good. Someone got the archangel (?) which was a cucumber-based drink that was the best of the night. A pretty simple drink and super refreshing. Each drink was around $15-20. All in all a great place to come with a small group of friends or a date. Get a reservation if you can, but otherwise just go to another bar nearby and chill during the wait - it's definitely worth it.
Great place to grab a drink and start or end the night.  Process is pretty easy....put your name on the list, once you get in, you get a table or you hit the standing room only bar in the back, wait for your table when it is ready.  You just have to set your expectations with this place. Once you get a drink it wont matter where you are.  The cocktails are very nice. Im a whiskey and rye guy and any one of those drinks were excellent.  You can also roll the dice...tell the bartender what you like and have them concoct something for you.
No signs, No names, No adress,... For sure you don't end up at the raines law room by accident. Even inspector columbo wouldn't not find this place right away. This secretish adress is the rendez vous of the true New Yorker. A nice combination of cosiness- that make you almost feel like at home- raffinate design, and sophisticate old fashion drinks... They have only 45 seats so be ready to wait in the line on a thursday or saturday night...Enjoy !!!
From a speak easy stand point this is a pretty solid place.  The only place that beats it thus far is The Office in Chicago.  Now, I do wish they had a more wide range of premium liquors that you could enjoy neat or on the rocks.  They had a few decent ones but I would have liked a wider selection. You have to wait for a table to open up and stand outside in a covered stairwell.  We waited for about 10 minutes and got seated.  Again, they push their mixed craft cocktails but they are very good.  I had several but don't remember the names.  I actually asked the bartender to make me something refreshing with bourbon in it and that bar tender nailed it.  Very impressed with their abilities. When you sit down you are really allowed to chat it up with your friend or significant other.  You get the attention of your waitress by clicking a doorbell next to your seat which lets him/her know you are ready for a drink refresh.  It was really a nice touch.
Great cocktails at a cozy yet fancy place.
I like mixology places.  Some people roll their eyes or use air quotes when they hear "mixology" but I don't care, more craft cocktails for me! This place is hardly a speakeasy since there's a little wind entrance to come safely down the stairs.  My friend and I were the first to arrive shortly after 5 PM and I have to say, that time was when it was its most charming.  You really got a sense of what the owner was trying to accomplish in terms of decor and feel.  Since it was empty we were able to get a really good look at the bar in the back.  It feels like you're walking through someone's kitchen since everything is so open.   Other folks started arriving near 5:30 and it got really loud.  Mixed with the very low lighting, it totally changed the ambiance of the bar.  It seemed less speakeasy/lowkey and more yuppie/happy hour.   Raines is super charming and I like that a decent mixology place is heading further uptown.  I would definitely recommend it if you're in the hood.  The menu is cool too.  I ordered a drink from the subtitled "For a longer evening" section, where the proof is low so I won't have to call it an early night.  Thumbs up!
Great place to have cocktails and conversations. Modern day speakeasy with a cozy intimate environment. Get reservations for a booth and then enjoy your cocktails from a varied menu while sitting in the comfy couches.
The classic gem by Yves J. Still going strong, perfect ambiance and service. Hard to get in, as it should be.
If you can get it, it's well worth it. I had an in with someone who was already there, so I didn't have to endure the wait, but I would again for the experience. A classy and creative place to sit with friends, chat, and feel completely divorced from the hustle, bustle, and superficiality of 2014 New York City.
Came here Saturday night around 10 PM and they said for four people there would be an hour and a half wait. We gave them our phone number to call us when they would have a table. Went across the street at Rye bar and had a drink while we waited. Raines Law Room called us an hour and a half later to tell us our table was ready. When we went down the steps and inside, it felt like I had left NYC. It was relaxing and we sat on a really comfortable couch. Such a breath of fresh air from the normally loud bar scene. We didn't realize that in order to get a drink, you had to pull the chain next to your couch and someone would then come over to take your drink order. I had a strawberry cocktail and a crimson cocktail with blood orange. Both were soo delicious. No one in the whole place was on their cell phones so the place was only illuminated by some dim lighting. I would definitely come back on an intimate date or with a group of four.
Love this place. It's sexy and mysterious and on the quiet side but not boring. I've never had to wait but probably because I always been here mid-week on the earlier side, still the place was almost full but not packed. Service is super attentive and drinks were great.
The best speakeasy I've been to! Super glad I was shown this jewel in NYC. The wait is horrendous though...we put our name down at 9PM and weren't seated until 1 or 2 in the morning... I like how you can take photos in here and they have a menu so that you can remember and appreciate their drinks. Bartenders and host seemed moody but it was 2AM......understandable... The male bartender was mad I was taking photos and gave me some nasty looks.  The female one was sweet and even got a group photo for us. Will definitely be back when I"m in town again..... Their drinks are STRONG but GOOD.  Be careful not to drink it all at once despite the temptation.  You WILL knock out!!!
"And the award for Best Bar Bathroom in New York City goes to... Raines Law Room!" Yes, we know it's fun to Peep at the namesake establishment, or try to do your business sans TP -- or any measures of sanitation for that matter -- at Welcome to the Johnson's.  And yes, you might get *a show* over at Apotheke's stalls, or be intrigued by Ally McBeal-esque co-ed set-ups at other hotspots.  But only in Raines Law Room's left bathroom will you spy yourself from EVERY angle while you tinkle, simultaneously studying amorous men in action all around.  (Anyone remember this? "Oooh, what interesting china. It looks like young men playing leap frog!" - "The Birdcage").  There's also a gorgeous vanity, which contributes to the 360-effect, along with an old-fashioned table. (The drawer -- yes, I opened it -- contained an an antique-y postcard from Brussels).   I could go on.  But then I wouldn't be telling you about the cocktail list.  And what a marvelous, well-crafted little cocktail list Mr. McIlroy has created for us to enjoy.  After a long day, let the Corpse Reviver No. 2 (gin, Contreau, Lillet blanc, lemon juice and absinthe) breathe some life into you.  After doing just this, and sipping several of my friends' delicious selections, I veered off-menu with suggestions from our top-notch server Chase -- first with a blackberry bourbon concoction and then an amazing Morris cocktail (try your hand at one with this recipe: spiritsandcocktails.word…).   And let's talk popcorn.  Their recipe, we learned, is a secret.  Or, as our soft-spoken host Paul informed us, it's just not theirs (I was waiting for him to say "je ne sais pas" in his adorable accent, but no luck).  It's "sent from a neighboring establishment" (Le Petite Abeille).  That may have been a euphemism for "trafficked in from another country," because none in our party would've been surprised if it was sprinkled with incredibly addictive, highly-illegal substances.  Don't worry, it didn't slow us down.  Seriously, I felt like the annoying brother in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe after the Queen gave him Turkish Delight!   Speaking of the Queen, I was treated like one all evening, from a gentile kiss on the hand as I walked in, to attentive service accommodating our every need.  Unfortunately, my girls had to cool their heels for a few moments outside before joining me.  The trade-off for making walk-ins possible here is that reservations aren't, so there's a chance you may wait for a table if you don't arrive early.  Later my friend recounted an unfortunate encounter with the coat check attendant.  But to me, these issues seemed minor (especially because they didn't happen to me ;-) in light of the overall amazing evening we enjoyed. Now, I know what you're thinking.  Another speakeasy / unmarked door / cocktail list with $10+ drinks /  gorgeous interior complete with candlelight, privacy and near-perfection in every intimate every corner?  You're right.  You don't want to experience this.  You'd rather leave it to me and my friends.  Well, if you insist!  ;-)
Like many other bars in this city, Raines Law Room successfully gives the speakeasy style lounge good press. Bartender was on top of all my requests which is a major plus! Great place to bring a friend or more importantly someone your looking to impress, because this lounge/bar is nothing short of impressive! Highly recommend!
There are places that are evocative of a different era and then there are the "real deals". Raines Law Room is a portal back to New York City in the prohibition 1930s. This place is very well managed and staffed; first class all the way. I would not be anything less than well dressed for an evening at Raines Law Room. The entrance is not as inconspicuous as most speakeasies. There is a well marked alcove that you enter and walk down a few steps. A tiny brass plaque names the establishment. Ring the doorbell and wait a few anxious moments until Paul, the soave French speaking host, greets you at the door with a look on his face as if you were not expected. Once you tell him that you are hear for the cocktails, he closes the door for a moment to leave you waiting on the steps. This is not to be rude. It's all part of their routine of admittance. Once Paul determines that there is available seating, he welcomes you in. He is a very "old school" host. So much so, that when I asked two ladies if the seat next to them was available, he promptly came up and asked, "Can I help you, Sir" as if to say, "We don't allow men to approach our lady customers." I excused myself and found a solo table nearby. Also upon entering, you are greeted by the charming Samantha; "Sam" to everyone. She will check your coats and hats. The front parlor is adourned with vintage chairs and chaise lounges from the period. Also, take a close look at the wallpaper. That's all I'll say about that. Each section has a little chain on the wall that you can pull that turns on a light so that the servers can tend to you. There is no bar per se to sit at. If you haven't been seated, you can wait in the rear "kitchen" where all the drinks are made. This space has an island in the center where you can munch on their sweetened gourmet house popcorn. On the walk to this area are the black sheer curtained partitions that accomodate larger groups. The cocktail menu is similar to the swanky lists of PDT and Little Branch. I recommend the Champs-Élysées which combines cognac, yellow chartreuse, fresh lemon juice, sugar and a dash of aromatic bitters. Meaghan, one of their expert mixologists, makes a stellar Brandy Alexander. The Amoxicillin is a tasty rum variation of Sam Ross' (Milk & Honey) Penicillin. The servers are very professional, courteous and have a great attitude. Once you finally get seated, this is a place where you can stay with friends for hours. Drink prices are the typical $13.
Love this place!!   It has a cool, comfy ambiance.  To enter, you talk down a tiny flight of covered stairs to a black door and ring the bell.   I went on a Tuesday night around midnight and only had to wait 10-15 minutes for a table.  My party got one of the tables with two couches.  How awesome is it that there is a doorbell at your table, for when you need the server?! Our bartender was amazing!  I asked for a drink with bourbon and lemon juice and he made me a paper plane.  It was fantastic!  One of my friends ordered one of the spicy drinks (Kentucky Buck Fifty), but it ended up being a bit too spicy for her.  When she went up to the bartender to ask him for a splash of mixer or something to tone it down, he just dumped the drink and made her a fresh drink.  He asked what type of flavors and liquors she liked and made her a drink she really enjoyed. The drinks were around $15 and totally worth it.
Ok, last night I was in a hotel lounge ordering in some customized cocktails and 12 years old scotch by pulling some strings. That was what exactly happened in Raines Law Room. It was how God showed me how much he loved me, the poor soul who has been non-stop stressed w/ sleepless nights for last couple of weeks. Last week, we had to turn away due to this private party. But tonight, even with another birthday private party, Paul the host made it happen when I told him I really need some drinks and he remembered us from last week. Then, one hour wait became a 10 min wait. We could not see the inside by his peeking the head out of the door and we kind of expected to see another speakeasy bar of dark and beaten down underground. However, with the walk in I heard a "Hwa" sound from the above. Very unexpected and oh-so-lovely elegant flower arrangement. Without knowing any background, the instant impression was a posh hotel lounge. Reminding me of Ritz Carton but, more modern and intimate. Gorgeous classic tufted chairs and sofas, mirrored tables and warm amber light stands. Even the little Hamptonbay fan completes the look. Every tables have a string on the brick wall that looks like a light switch but it is for your room(?) service call. Upon pulling the string, the light button comes on until your waitress hear your request. What an innovative idea like a light bulb moment? It also reflects respect for your privacy and un-intrusive professional manners. The waitress were dressed in killer cocktail dresses made me feel naked, but I am not detecting any attitude, all but classy and elegant. When you open the thick menu like hard cover law book, you can read about the background of Raines Law. But to summarize, Raines Law is an American liquor tax law passed on 1896 which tried to control alcohol consumption by prohibiting liquor sales on Sundays when is the only full day for six-day working people to drink in saloons, except for hotels. That consequently created and popularized Hotel bars, so called Raines Law Hotels. However, I was there on Thursday night... Sunday night would be perfect for me to honor the law, but I could not wait until Sunday~~~ dang.. Ok, enuff with the blahs....... We had Spyglass($16), El Diablo($13) and Highland old fashioned. I loved spyglass so much and swallowed it like fruit punch. The 18 yr old rum and brandied cherry and champagne was perfect ensemblo-matic. El Diablo has tequila and home-made ginger ale but the twist is the dijon. Highland old fashioned is strong ($23) but well worth.. Paul tells me you don't need any other drinks. The 12 years old scotch w/ orange bitter and Demerara Sugar Cube, just burnt down my chest like butterfly desiring an open flame. Who made the ice cube so perfectly round? Oh Lord, I am buzzed then drunk~!!! finally.. Now I got a call from Paul the host while sitting in my chair, us looking at and talking to each other... realized he was calling me to let me know he just got a spot open for me on my cellphone, that I have wrote down on the waiting list earlier that night... he forgot to cross me out when we got in.  LOL So.. looks like he does call people as soon as a spot opens. Bravo~!! See? I told you - great service~!! It was a bit loud everyone is pretty much into their own conversations in their own tables and of course, there is no standing. Music from Radio Head played most of the time so I wasn't complaining. I didn't have a good tour to the kitchen since the back room was filled with private party but I could see the kitchen where everyone is making drinks on the middle kitchen Island. Definitely coming back for more. I love the ambience and the idea of being room(?)/table serviced. And killer DRINKS!! Certainly revived my poor soul to a happily fluttering bird. Thanks to the Raines Law!~
I freely admit to my cocktail snobbery. I'm also shamelessly into this speakeasy trend. Deride me as you will, but I think there's something to be said for places that are about quality drinks and a chill atmosphere, gimmicky as they may be. We arrived early, at about 6:30PM. I can't imagine what this place would be like it were full, but there was plenty of room at that hour, and we sat down in some of the vintage velvet armchairs. Marvellous. Their house cocktails are excellent, and in line, price-wise, with other places--starting at $13 and going up to twenty-something bucks if you want one of their more outlandish creations with vintage spirits and baby tears, rocking-horse droppings, or whatever they put in them. I had the "Suffering Bastard"; a bourbon and gin drink with citrus and muddled ginger. Spicy and smooth. My colleague ordered their Old-Fashioned, and I was gratified to see that it was served as the original recipe calls for: without fruit or soda-water and just with some lemon peel. I can't speak to the door policy in the late evenings, or the clientele on the weekends, but we thoroughly enjoyed our time there and I'd be glad to return.
I was utterly intriqued by the flood of reviews on Raines after having searched for a non-clubesque NYC bar with a sultry vibe.  My fiance' and I jumped through all of the hoops laid out by reviewers before us and planned our late evening around visiting Raines.  We rang the little buzzer, were met by the bellman and put our names in for a table.  We then crossed the street to Basta Pasta which is a fabulous little Italian restaurant/bar and awaited the call that was estimated to be about 60 minutes away.  They never called.  We look good, we speak in complete sentences, and we were as polite as anyone could be.  Remember when Leslie Mann has a shit fit when she and Katherine Heigl try to get into the club on Knocked Up??  Leslie Mann felt all rejected and old for the first time and is all "F*** Y** F***ing Amateur Little F***ing M***ther F***ers!  Exactly.
There's something to be said about a quality cocktail bar: they're just the bee's knees. I think we're definitely spoiled with all the speakeasies here in New York City, and Raines Law Room really just takes the cake in that regard. Raines is likely my favorite cocktail bar, just ahead of Little Branch and Amor y Amargo. Again, definitely spoiled. The feeling of exclusivity definitely can create a big head, as if you did something to deserve this special treatment. Considering you probably waited up to 2 hours to get seated, maybe you do deserve that special feeling. The atmosphere is pretty much perfect for dates or small groups: real dark, and real cozy. Every cocktail I've had here has been pretty amazing, and always consistently good. Granted, I've only been here three times, but the drinks have always been great. Prices are pretty exorbitant as expected but I'll allow it. The experience is just very unique and the quality of ingredients is just unmatched. I'm a huge fan of gin, so the Arsenic & New Lace is probably one of my favorite drinks here, and I don't think you can get this anywhere else. Also, what a "killer" name. I'm just going to show myself out now. Anyways, if you're planning to come here, I would recommend that you make sure you have a Plan B or come well ahead of time to stay ahead of the 1-2 hour wait times. Or, come on Sunday-Tuesday, when you are allowed to make reservations. It's a difficult place to frequent, which makes the the experience all the more special. In case you couldn't tell from all the reviews, you should definitely come here for a unique, quality cocktail, and an overwhelming feeling of self-importance. It's about to get RULL sexy up in here.
Yep. This place is above and beyond. Quick summary - the drinks only get three stars. The space gets five. Six, if I could. Stepping into Raines Law Room is walking into a narrative that's been constructed for you. It's not just a space - it's got a plot to it. And a set designer, a gaffer, and a customer interaction designer. All top-notch, I might add. Step into the unassuming apartment building and ring the bell. You'll be invited in personally and welcomed, and you'll be in a restricted space, where a vintage phonograph, some tin types recessed in the wall, and some other terrific relics pepper the scene. You get the sense that you should straighten up and brush up your manners in case Virginia Woolf is on the other side of the curtain. In front of you is the "guest book," which lists the cocktails in hand-styled calligraphy. Fabulous. Beyond the curtains the bar stretches in front of you - a narrow, dim corridor with pools of light accenting all of the interior design highlights. Gorgeous, soft chairs in muted colors. Old, framed mirrors lining the walls. Further down, booths of black velvet with personal curtains you can draw to isolate your party. And finally, a quaint country kitchen where the cocktails are made, the dangerously infectious popcorn is popped, and the food is prepared. It all comes together and you're in a totally different world. But the magic is in the details. Read the menu and realize that this bar was named after a law that inadvertently catalyzed the proliferation of prostitution in saloon 'hotels'. See that motif played out on the seemingly harmless fleur-de-lis wallpaper - which in fact is comprised of images of tiny and varying acts of sexual play. Pull the chain to summon the waitress, and observe that it lights up a light with your table's number in the kitchen. Actually asking patrons to alter how they deal with the waitstaff is risky, and there is the problem that when you've had a few - you forget that you have the chain, and you wonder why the waitress hasn't been by. But ultimately I think it works. Note that each glass that holds a drink is different from every other glass, that is, if you go the cocktail route. Listen to the delightful playlist that ranges from obscure jazz to Beirut to Rufus Wainwright. The lighting by the mirrors in the booths is no less than Rembrandt-esque. You can get some surprisingly fun photographs. As for the drinks themselves - they were nice. All classic cocktails, though they will mix with vodka and they won't look at you funny. Not the best I've had, but certainly nice. The selection wasn't the most impressive and they said they had no plans to modify the list. I had a Rumble (which is a Bramble with rum instead), and it was decent. The Champs Elysees was less impressive, but it certainly wasn't a disappointment. I cannot WAIT to go back, not so much for the finest cocktails on earth; I'll always go to Milk & Honey for that, but - just for the opportunity to step into another time and place, and to sit on that black velvet again. With that big, beautiful mirror, I admit I caught myself posing once or twice. How could you not?
Great NY escape!!! I feel like I am in a scene from " Mad Men" when I go here Drinks are beautifully made & service is exceptional... Just be heedful of what day you go, some nights are reservation only.. But I have never had a problem..... They even have an outdoor space... Although I have meet a few rat friends in it, I still love it & hey it's NY... What do you expect!!!!
When you walk up to Raines Law Room and ring the door bell, you really aren't entirely sure what you are in for and in that time between the ring and the door opening you become a little anxious as to how you are supposed to act once inside - and then the door opens! My fiancé and I went at 5:15pm this past Friday and didn't have to wait to be seated. We were given the option of 2 locations to sit in the dimly lit area, we chose the seating behind a curtain which was a small room with a middle counter and had another couple sitting right across from us (a but uncomfortable unless you are type to start up conversation with strangers, I am not). You truly feel like you were transported into a different era and the drinks are outstanding - stick to the cocktail menu to get the full experience. This is a great spot to take a date after work. We enjoyed it and would certainly go back with friends.
Raines Law Room is apparently a hot commodity in the NYC speakeasy scene. It is very hard to get in but it is sure worth the wait! Very cool speakeasy vibe with knowledgable bartenders. All of our drinks were perfectly hand crafted and delicious. Next time I will make a reservation so I can sit at the tables in those comfy chairs.
We walked down the stairs, rang the door bell, and were greeted by the french door man (who had a pretty awesome mustache). Agreeing with most of the reviews, this place is really sexy.  The drinks are sexy, the couches are sexy, the bar is sexy...you get the point.  It's a great date/couples place, couples all around "sucking face" (as stated by Peter D. in a later review).  But, whatev's!  My friends and I enjoyed our drinks, we enjoyed them so much we probably managed to erk the waitress as we kept turning the "i need another drink" key.  Not sure what this place is like on the weekends, but I do know that Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdays are the only days you can make a reservation, via email.
A great place for an after work cocktail, date, or small group of girls. The space is dark and cozy, with black curtains, leather couches, and flickering candles. Compared to other speakeasies in NYC, Raines is less pretentious with similarly great drinks. Word of warning: don't try to bring groups larger than 4-6; it's meant to be more of an intimate setting. The first time I went, they were out of seats but had space in the back at the bar. It was fascinating to watch the mixologists do their thing, from tapping the ice to stirring the cocktails. Once seated, you order your drinks by pulling a little chain. The drinks are strong but tasty, and prices are as expected.
i'm a wine & beer gal on the weekdays and i like to spend the weekends with jameson.  mixed drinks are definitely not my thing, especially since i've put my sorority years behind me. but goddamnit, i'll come here anytime i want a fantastic cocktail. i love that it doesn't get overcrowded, that the servers were attentive and friendly but not overbearing and trying to push us out. the guy who answered the door when i rang the bell said, "hello, we've been expecting you." not gonna lie, i did freak a little but it was such a cute touch!  the interior was pretty dark but the chair i was sitting in was so comfortable. i had two different drinks: the first had bourbon, honey & lemon which was SO smooth and not sour at all. the ice cube was a cylindrical shape that fit perfectly into the glass. genius unless you're trying to get the last drops and the giant block wets your nose (use your napkin!). the other was a gin drink that tasted like a mint julep. delicious and i really don't like gin. use the chain buzzer to discreetly alert your server, and definitely ask him/her for recommendations... the menu is pretty illegible.  $13 for each drink, ladies & gents.
Went yesterday for a drink around 830pm, were sitted right away next to the chimney ;) . Cute spot, decor and speakeasy vibe going on. Definetely a great spot for a drink during the week. I wonder how packed this place is during the weekend. Will come back soon!
This place has a LONG wait, but it's definitely worth it. For a party of 4 we were told it'd be a 2 hour wait for a private booth, so we left our number and given its vicinity to Union Square we went ahead and got dinner in the area. They called us at about 1.5 hrs into dinner, so we finished up and headed over. The vibe inside is super chill, and each booth really was private - they were all furnished with couches and surrounded by curtains. When you needed to order something, you pull a chain, which alerts the waitresses to stop by. Overall awesome ambience and even better drinks. Make sure to check out the funny wallpaper in the bathroom :)
Raines Law Room has much to recommend it.  Superior drinks, absolutely beautiful decor, splendid ambiance, a classy crowd and well-dressed, well-spoken staff.  There are a handful of wrinkles that could be ironed smooth with minimal effort, but I'll get to those only after singing many praiseful words. First, go to Raines, get seated, and order the Amber Old-Fashioned. It appears prohibitively expensive and is smaller than you would expect for the cost, but it is perfect.  It is made with the best rum available and very, very good bourbon.  When drunk down to the large block of ice, you should find a pleasant syrup that recalls the warmth of peach and vanilla. I had a great night here catching up with two friends as a result of an attempt to gather a group of 6 to sample the finest cocktails and banter.  As it turned out, there was much banter and healthy "sampling" of the proffered beverages.  My party billed itself as being 6-strong but we only ended up with 4 with one of our number being quite late; it was slightly inconvenient for the staff, but they totally accommodated us and made sure we had an excellent space, even though we utterly frustrated their expectations. This was on a Saturday night, mind you, and I don't know any of the owners. All in all, a quite classy establishment. The wrinkles: The excellent drinks do take a very long while to show up. I speculate that this was because people were having too much fun in the kitchen and the staff's efforts are more focused on maintaining the perfect number and balance of people in the salon.  This was merely a slight hiccup and we had a great time between rounds, but with the expectations set so high by the quality of the cocktails, everything else should be perfect.
Stopped in on a Monday night with a friend not expecting much at all and was pleasantly surprised. I imagine that it's a little crazier as the week goes on, but we were able to stand in the back with a drink for 10 minutes or so before being seated in big, comfortable chairs. The drink menu is extensive, to the point where it's sort of hard to order unless you really study the menu (which is hard to do when you're trying to have a conversation), but both cocktails I had were pretty good (sweater weather and redhead something...) and not overpowering. The service was super friendly and attentive, plus - free popcorn. Bonus! I love finding a spot where you can sit, talk without having to yell, and not have to fight crowds at the bar for your second drink. This is a great place to catch up with a friend, or even better, to impress a date. I wouldn't bother coming here with more than two people, as I'd imagine you'd probably be waiting a while, but I'm excited to bring my husband to check it out again soon.
A dark quiet bar with a very fun cocktail menu. These drinks are quite of the ordinary, including a list of seasonal cocktails as well as a list of drinks made with less well-known liquors from around the world. It is a quiet space, and perfect for an intimate and romantic night out. Since they only take reservations on certain nights (and other nights the wait can be quite long)- it's a little bit of a gamble if you are going to get in. We left our names with the maître d' and enjoyed a beer at Heartland Brewery, before receiving a call that our table was ready. I felt that the bar definitely lived up to expectations and was a fun Friday night out!
I'll admit that when I read on UrbanDaddy or wherever that NYC was getting yet another prohibition-era speakeasy, I scoffed.  Isn't it time for the Mad Men era to take over?  But I rescinded my scoff when I learned that the Milk & Honey alum running the show over at Raines Law Room was someone whom I consider to be a friend.  OK, a friend of a friend.  Let's put it this way:  if he happens to be tending bar at Little Branch, I act all chummy with him and he looks at me quizzically until I manage to casually slip our mutual friend's name into conversation, after which he feigns recognition.   So for the sake of cultivating this friendship further, I decided to give RLR a go.  At 7 pm there are already several people waiting outside, and even though the lovely Kathleen R is already inside and seated, the host informs us that he has to let people in one at a time, and we have to wait.  This is mildly annoying, but we're at least standing in one of those pop-up vestibules (which, btw, kind of blows the whole "hidden" thing) so we're shielded from the monsoon winds outside.   We're finally granted entry, and take our seat with K around a small table in front of the fireplace.  The space is divided in three--an open loungey area in the front, curtained-off swanky booths in the middle, and the "kitchen" in the back, with a small amount of standing room.  The decor is your standard grandma's parlour look--velvety furniture, wall-mounted lamps, fancy damask-style wallpaper (though look closely at the pattern!).   It's brighter inside than in places like M&H or LB, but still not bright enough to read the cocktail menu, which is maddeningly printed in gold/brown 3 pt font on black paper.  Who thought this was a good idea?  We finally manage to decipher the drinks list, and I'm very pleased to see that the Archangel, a crisp blend of gin, Aperol and cucumber and one of my absolute favorite drinks period, is being featured.  I drink it, and then I drink three other drinks.   There's something about RLR that makes you want to stay for a long time.  Throughout the night we notice that almost no one is leaving, and we are most definitely included in the category of non-leavers.  It's incredibly relaxed there, but also lively and not as serious-feeling as M&H.  The cocktails are top notch, the staff are friendly and knowledgeable, and the music is low enough that you can have a conversation without screaming.  They give you this popcorn that I'm quite positive is coated in bacon fat and heroin, and they don't hate you when you ask for five bowls.   I like it at RLR.  My only concern, aside from going blind trying to read the menu, is that if you don't get in right away, you're kind of in no-man's land nightlife-wise.  And judging from the fact that between 7-10 pm there was almost no turnover, you could be waiting in no-man's land for a loooooooong time.
Raines Law is a quiet little speakeasy with everything going for it. *Getting in requires you to find the appropriate door and ring the appropriate doorbell.  You are the scoped out by a "butler" who will then escort you to your table. *Need another tasty cocktail? Ring the butler! *Cocktails are a throwback to a different time, so they have a unique taste without all the syrupy sweetness of drinks today. *The open floorplan allows you to actually sit IN the kitchen with the mixologists and watch every drink being prepared.  I love the center island with all the garnishes and watching them carefully pick the appropriate one for the drink being made.
What I love about this place is that it's so discreet, and then it open up to ultra trendy retro lounge. The drinks are superb here and they can customize anything item on the menu or totally unique if you don't feel like sticking to the regular menu. My normal starter drink is a Penicillin made with Yamazaki 18yr...amazing. The service is impeccable. Chairs are nice and comfy, you definitely though should try for the curtained private tables towards back of the bar (especially if you're on a date). I like that they have an outdoor section to....although small, it's nice to be able to have a cigar with your scotch.  Drinks can be pricey, but this place is worth it. If you can't get a table, definitely leave your number with the host, they're pretty prompt about replying back.
This place is an amazing speakeasy! We stopped by on a Friday night around 8pm and had to wait about 30-45 minutes to get a call from the mysterious unknown number. The bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable about alcohol flavor profiles, and have tons of tricks up their sleeves. Overwhelmed by the menu, I asked the bartender to recommend a gin drink that was sweet and refreshing. He immediately whipped up a gin drink with strawberry, lime, and cucumber--probably my top 3 favorite drink ingredients. So naturally, the drink tasted smooth with a hint of tang, fruitiness and rainbows and happiness and joy. Amazing speakeasy--worth the wait and the price, especially if you're celebrating a special occasion!
Like many scene conscience New Yorkers, i've been well versed and educated in the 'speakeasy' scene, all save Raines Law Room.  And indeed, I saved the best for last.   It was only fitting to enjoy the craft cocktails at Raines Law Room on the anniversary of the Volstead Act's repeal - a fortuitous moment either brought on by pure serendipity or particular clairvoyance from the always erudite Liz C.   Like the famed speakeasies of the Prohibition Era, RLR requires prior knowledge of its existence, location, and procedure to enter (in this case, a non-descript door down a half flight of stairs, a buzz on the doorbell, and a little patience).   The decor and ambiance also hearkens to another era.  The main sitting area is elegant but subdued, something out of an Agatha Christie novel or a teetotaling Great Grandmother's sitting parlor.  However the back bar area is brightly lit, and patrons are invited to get up close and personal to observe the bartenders practicing their craft. Of course the hallmark of this sort of establishment is the quality of the drinks, and my always fashionable Old Fashioned was dazzlingly and dizzlingly tasty, as was the fresh fruit fizz du jour. Pricey?  Yes.   Pretentious?  Slightly.   Perfect for potent potables?  Absolutely.   Prohibition?  Shhhh (speakeasy)
I just love this place. This is the perfect speakeasy bar. The entrance is just a "door", nothing fancy. You ring the bell, the Frenchman comes. If they are full at the moment, they will get your phone number and call you back as soon as they can accommodate you. Which is great, knowing that the place is not that big and can get crowded rather quickly. Once inside, you will be seated in a very warm and sexy room, very comfortable furniture, and you will feel that you have a lot of privacy. So perfect for a date or a drink with your best friends. Drinks....they are just amazing. They make all drinks out of fresh fruits, so not everything is available at all times, but it's worth it. Also, it's one of those places where you can ask the waitress to make you the drink you feel like... so you could ask her to make a drink that feels like a "walk on the beach" or "lying down on the grass looking at a rainbow". It can be quite some fun and so far they always got it right :) A real experience that changes from all the other types of bar you will find in New York City. I highly recommend. PS: Make sure you check the wallpaper in  the bathroom...
Searched for a loungy place online and came across this.  Really glad I went there.  Got there at 6pm on a Friday evening and there was still a couch open, so didn't need to stand at the back bar.  That would take the ambiance away (although it seemed that people back there were on waiting lists to get the next available couch).  The service is great, it's surprisingly quiet and intimate, even on a Friday evening, and they bring yummy popcorn to you with your drink.  If you like stronger drinks with some brandy, you MUST try their "American Trilogy"  It's one of the best drinks I've ever had and came with a huge square ice cube block right in the center of the glass.  Great presentation!  At $14 a pop, this isn't  a place to get wasted, but to bring a date for a drink or two, I'd highly recommend it!
Four ladies on a Saturday evening get lucky and didn't have to wait for a table. The decor transported you to the Prohibition era. The "booths" resembled train cars, where everyone had to squeeze and sit towards the small table on one side. It's best to come with a small group as it's hard to hold a conversation with that kind of seating. All the drinks were great and thoughtfully made. Be sure to ask the bartenders and staff for recommendations (some are not on the menu!)
Don't come here with your sister. Don't come here with your brother. This place is sexy and reserved for bad intentions...
LOVE this place. Not a place you go to meet people. Go with a friend or a group of friends. Great for intimate conversation. Drinks are expensive but for one drink I ordered, I felt like I had 2. I had the Mexican Firing Squad. There is sex on the wall paper. A lot of it. Its more blatant in the bathroom. Good conversation starter... I'll be back.
This is the only speakeasy I've been to twice already. The first time I came with  a friend and we had no clue where we were going. Another friend had texted us the name and the location with no clue as to what it was...we walked by the door multiple times till we figured out it wasnt numbered and you had to go down stairs! (The "suggesting" friend is my besty Lama who doesn't believe in places with names or numbers and they must have stairs, either going up or going down, but nothing at street level pleaseeeee! ;)) Anyhoo, we get to the bottom, hit a lovely wooden door and ring it..very classy, very chilled out..the door is opened by a lovely gentleman to whom you give your name and he lets you know how much time there is or if there's a table available..we were seated promptly and had some lovely drinks and chattered all night long. The place is dark with little light switches beside every table which you pull for the waitress to come over. Everyone is super friendly and unpretentious. The second time I came I arrived alone and it was a bit later in the evening so the wait for a table was longer but no worries because you are taken to the "bar" at the back which is actually an aga-like structure, a large wooden table..on one side the bartenders make drinks, on the other people mill about and have a drink while they wait for a table. Very novel and lovely space, I cant comment on the cocktails since I stuck to bubbly but from what I saw of the making of the drinks, they all look exquisite and sound delicious! I may just make it back here for a third time..
Awesome speakeasy.  Place is very sexy with lethal cocktails.
Best day to come is midweek after early dinner. A nondescript entrance on 17th street right next to Petit Abeille, take a few steps down that blue awning and buzz to enter. It's best to come early and in a small group. It is elegantly furnished with plush velvet couches and curtains for privacy. And a buzzer per section for service.  You choose when you are checked in or if you'd prefer to be left alone.  If there are no tables available, you may possibly be led to the kitchen/bar area where you can watch as they concoct your luscious drink. Raines Law Room is a beautiful, sexy and perfect place to unwind, catch up and sip on finely made shaken or stirred cocktails. P.S. check out the wallpaper ;)
One of my favorite places in NYC! If you enjoy a cool place, with excellent drinks and awesome atmosphere. This place is for you! Of all the modern speakeasies I have been to the atmosphere here is my favorite! Comfy chairs and couches. A cool button on the wall calls the waitress. Also, the Host plays a great character which really adds to the experience. Finally, I really appreciate how they kept the atmosphere intimate and it was not super crowded. Of course the drinks were great. My boyfriend suggested that maybe the drinks were not as creative as some other modern speakeasies, but they were still excellent. Yes they were pricey, but that is expected at these types of places. Be sure to check out the website and look into reservations.
Beautiful decor and amazing drinks... but the cheese plate was a HUGE disappointment. We got served packaged cheddar cheese cut into cubes with salami from Gristedes. Any average person could have made a better cheese platter.
This speakeasy is as legit as it gets in NYC. It isn't hidden behind any sort of facade, but it is nondescript and I don't believe they take reservations. I was surprised at how busy it was at 7/8 on a Friday night, but still were able to get in. Once you enter, it's like stepping into a time machine. The decor is like being in someone's basement...in the 1920s. Lots of cozy couches surrounding little tables. To order a drink, there is a little light that you must turn on by pulling a string. This tells the bartenders in the back that you're ready and a waiter/waitress will come out. So unique! All the drinks were fantastic. I really like their Pimm's cup. I tend to always order this cocktail wherever I go, but it was exceptional here. Also not overly expensive for NYC. Drinks are ~$13.
Wonderfull place, really intimate. Love the atmosphere. The lady at the door was wonderfull, sweet and charming. Cocktails were awesome.. Spicy whiskey, champagne on ice... It was a great experience.. Want to go back for Melissa and the cocktails.
My wife and I made reservations for last Sunday (8/5/12) at 10 pm. We arrived at 10 pm and we were greeted by Megan and shown to the bar while our table was prepared.  We ordered our first drink from Jesse and Rachel and enjoyed watching them create cocktails and chatting with them that we gave up our table and spent the rest of the evening at the bar. The cocktail menu is thoughtfully laid out and there are many clever delicious cocktails to choose from (we tried many of them!) The service is extremely efficient and discreet. The servers will not bother you at all but will wait until you signal them that you need to order (there is a pull chain that signals a light in the bar for your table). The speakeasy decor is fantastic, from the kitchen bar to the sitting room and the clever wall paper (take a close look) we enjoyed it all. It was a bit drizzly so we did not go out to the back patio but it looked comfortable from the back door. We both love this cocktail lounge and will return again as soon as we can. We also discovered the "Jungle bird" - thank you Jesse. Thank you to Jesse, Rachel and Megan for a lovely evening.
one of the top speakeasy in the city
Love this speakeasy, probably my favorite. Cozy booths and tables, dim lighting, and AWESOME but strong cocktails. Overall, love the ambience, the service and the cocktails. Great for date night!
If you're like me -- and god knows you are -- you savour namedropping the latest celebs you just saw across the room, you quote Chaucer and Wilde verbatim, and nothing gets your flesh throbbing like sitting in "secretive" dark locales, paying double digs for pizzazzy drinks whipped up by white kids un-self-consciously dressed in garb straight out of the gilded age. If you're like me, you're probably already "so over" Raines Law Room.
Love the ambiance and the cocktails.  Very yummy.  My friend and I decided to stop by to get drinks on one rainy Sunday.  Good place for a date for sure.   Love the kitchen in the back.  Very 1920. :)
Loved this place. Great drinks and ambiance. It's not a social bar, go with great company because you kind of sit at your chair. Drinks about $15. Loved the Sweater Weather drink.
Maybe the best cocktail lounge in the country. Find the right black unmarked door on what is an otherwise unassuming residential block in Chelsea and knock! Cheat - the stairwell down to the door is inclosed in a black awning. Cool speakeasy ambiance, friendly staff, highly skilled mixologist, comfortable and laid back parlor room to sit, chat and drink in! There is a diverse and thoughtful list of cocktails to choose from, and whenever you need a server simply push the button located near your table! You won't find better cocktails anywhere. I recommend everyone try a drink here at least once! Disclaimer - It can be hit or miss getting into this place because seating is limited and it's a highly sought after place to drink. Plan on having to give the gentlemen who answers the door your phone number and wait anywhere between 20 minutes to an hour for a call. If you are planning on getting a drink here on your way elsewhere with limited time you may not get in. Put your name on the list, walk around the neighborhood, grab a drink close by, and wait - it is worth it!
After reading so many positive reviews and hearing so many good things about the place, I was unimpressed. It feels exclusive- I will give you that. But beyond that? Being spoiled by the nightlife, we came in unannounced hoping we can skip the wait thanks to our good looks. Not so fast... They took our names and a phone number and asked to wait for a call before coming back. About an hour later, we were back and sitting inside. My overall impression of the place: it is small and also long and narrow. You see tables with armchairs and couches in the forefront and a small shiny bar in the back. I felt the place was too dark, humid, and it felt old! I will repeat myself it was hot and humid and along with the darkness it made me feel uncomfortable. The drinks were okay. Nothing beyond average for a mixology/speakeasy bar. I also noticed that they moved some chairs and tables next to each other to accommodate everyone. I could imagine this not being very pleasant if you brought a date with you. It is not bad. I just didn't like it. So where would I go, when looking for a speakeasy? Angel's Share. Where would I go if I want to go to a dark place with dim lighting? Probably  La Biblioteca or the Library at the NoMad Hotel.
Feels like you're walking onto the set of Boardwalk Empire.  Fantastic place for groups up to 4-5 to get high-end cocktails in a true Speakeasy environment.  Cheese & sopressata tray or a chocolates plate for snacks, but no meals.  This is a place to drink classic cocktails, and they do it very well.  Make a reservation, be on time, and look sharp or you're not getting in.
It wasn't hard for me to get behind the concept of the cocktail speakeasy, since booze and intimacy pretty much go hand in hand in my world.  So of course I was excited to check out the latest entry in the genre; the peculiar name was just gravy.  Very straightforward entry process; no calling a secret phone number in Belgium the day before, no secret handshake; just ring the bell, come in, and drink.  There were no seats available, but we were welcomed in rather than shunned, and offered a spot at the bar (in the kitchen, really) until something opened up.  We were even given the opportunity to upgrade again later; I was tempted to stay all night, trading up until I became king of table mountain.  The room is rather Victorian; like having cocktails in Grandma's parlor.  The drink menu was limited and a bit dull, but we we went off the reservation and found them most accommodating.  The Negroni was one of the best I've had, though.  A classic, but so easy to screw up.  The popcorn is addictive.  Bottom line -- I've had better cocktails elsewhere, but this is a nice spot and the service was really welcoming and accommodating.  Thumbs up.
Exceptionally well made cocktails! cocktails w popcorns, who would've think it's a good match!! I wanna refrain myself from saying it's a good date spot just in case if you end up having not too impressive date, but I can assure you it can definitely be one hella a intimate spot!  the couch are super comfty, velvet  and dark 1920 decors!
In a town blessed with so many quality Cocktail lounges, Raines Law Room has managed to really separate itself. To Begin, there is no bar in New York that has an atmosphere like this. It's an incredibly intimate drinking lounge up front. Kind of like a social club with plush couches, chairs, and small tables. There are group booths that will seat a good 6-8 people, but they look like they take up no space at all. What makes this place special though, is the Bar. It's a Kitchen. An amazing, open island kitchen that every New Yorker would give up a digit to have in their apartment. Like, I want to live there.  Jesus, it even has gilded ceilings. The whole place was designed by a home interior designer, which is why this place doesn't feel commercial. It's warm, inviting. If you chill at the "bar", it's just like hanging out in a kitchen at a party with a bunch of bartenders. The drinks are amazing. You can get beautiful cocktails made with spirits you normally don't see even at the best bars in the city. The "Islay Daiquiri" is a gorgeous blend of Zacapa 23 Rum, Compass Box Peat Monster Scotch, Lime and Sugar. It's a simple tweak to a classic formula, but the ingredients make it completely new. Smoky and Refreshing. Also killer was the Harold & Maude and the Princeton. Chase also made me a beautiful signature drink with Hibiscus, Gin, Bourbon, Green Chartreuse and Apricot Brandy. Will most definitely be back. It made the list... yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
Great drink selection!
Service was amazing and had a great time.  It's a great place to sit back, relax and talk (and actually hear yourself).
I loved this place. Finally a place that lets you make a reservation, has good service, good atmosphere and good drinks! Will definitely be back. While it is definitely a bourgeois atmosphere, people were relatively casually dressed -- most men were in jeans and a shirt. Don't make the mistake to come in a pair of shorts like I did. Great place to come for groups (3-4 people) but not so much for couples. Some of their seating includes two couches facing each other, so you might be joined by another party if you come on a date. Not the most exciting in that sense -- we saw a couple making out heavily when they were sitting across strangers... yikes! We had trouble narrowing down which drinks to get from their extensive list and ended up choosing four fantastic ones. Will definitely be back.
The location seems so secretive. Walking down the stairs to an unmarked door that we had to ring the bell for was kinda nerve wrecking yet, exciting at the same time. We're greeted by this French guy with a memorable mustache...who tells us that since we don't have reservations, he'd give us a call when a space opens up at the bar. Cool, so we grab a drink across the street at some karaoke joint where a couple of drunken people are singing REALLY, REALLY horribly...and probably having affairs. (That's the kind of vibe the place gave off for me.) Shortly after, we get a call from Paul (the French mustache guy) telling us that a space in the bar has opened up for us. We go over...amidst the velvety curtains, there's couches lined up against the walls...and in the back, there is the bar, or kitchen. Or whatever. The drink menu is very descriptive, and I love that they describe which each page of drinks consists of..depending on what you prefer: whether you're into citrus-y flavors or spicy, strong...they've got it all. If you notice and are sober enough, the wallpaper design gives off that modern and contemporary look...but when you really look at it, it's actually images of kama sutra silhouettes. Our plan was to get one drink, but ended up getting 3-4 more. Apparently, they're pretty serious with their ice. During our drunken state, Paul comes over and tells us that two seats opened up in the lounge area. How nice of him to come back! We sit down and gab about what we love about the place and so on. There's also a bell/buzzer thing by your table to get your server's attention. Loves it. The place is so classy and sexy. Lots of flirting going around...good place for dates, or with groups of friends.
This place is cute and makes Flatiron District more appeasing for the typical downtowner.  You ring the door bell to be greeted by a door guy and than when you order your drinks each table seating has a knob to press to let the server or maitre d signal to come to take your order. I love the Pimm's Cup and this one Meddles Strawberry Cocktails.  It's an overall sophisticated law-room like atmosphere with a kitchen that makes you feel like you are in a house that got rented out for a private party with a private chef and bartender making food and drinks.  The cocktails are great and well priced.
Every drink I've tried here is excellent. Word.
I wasn't totally blown away by this place at all. To be fair, I might have felt differently if it weren't for all the hype. After a number of tries, was FINALLY able to get a table here on a Sat night, on the early side. Once in we waited in the bar area to order and talk to the bartenders, who were surprising not creative. For a place like this, I thought they would be open to discussing my tastes ... instead I was driven to the menu or a Manhattan (I like bourbon or other brown liquors). I usually get a more creative response to something so open. After the fairly confusing ordering process we were seated in the very cool seating area. Couches and chairs allow for a great conversation flow, very civilized atmosphere, service was a tad slow but good. Drinks were solid, and priced along with all other speakeasies, but again just nothing that blew me away. Would go again if it weren't in such a dead area with such a guaranteed long line.
I thought that I was over the whole neo-speakeasy mixologist trend but I guess not. You walk down the steps of a unmarked building, ring the doorbell, and are transported back into a scene from the prohibition era. There are plenty of private tables and velvet couches all equipped with wall buzzers that will summon your waitress. The first page on the menu states: "The Raines law was passed on March 23, 1896, by the New York State Legislature. It was nominally a liquor tax, but its intention was to curb the consumption of alcohol by imposing regulations." Interesting fact but trust me, you will not be able to curb your alcohol consumption with a cocktail list provided by Milk&Honey. The bar/kitchen brought me a Mint Julep, Sidecar, and a Old Cuban and I was very pleased with quality of the drinks. It was raining last Sunday so I didn't get a chance to check out their backyard courtyard but I was completely satisfied with our table. To compare Raines with my other favorite speakeasies: -Not as dreary as Death & Co. -Better sexual pictures in the bathroom than the basement of Macao -A more sophisticated vibe than Apotheke
Perfect for a date, if you don't have to wait half an hour at the bar to sit. The cocktail skills of the bartender are strong. The Andean Dusk was particularly good. Sophisticated yet unpretentious. Something rare in NY. Or anywhere. On the pricey side though (nothing outrageous by NY standards).
Probably one of my favorite speakeasies. The best part about this place is that you can opt (or wait) for one of those personal booths for your party. I think it's only available for 4+, but it's neat nevertheless. Drinks are pretty standard as far as speakeasies go. $13-$15 a pop. The atmosphere is very nice and because of those booths, it never gets too loud. I really like the place and would definitely recommend it.
A speakeasy experience. You will walk right by the door if you don't know where to look Don't expect to eat here, but there are a few tapas-style nibbles that are pricey. Come for the experience not necessarily for the drinks. They are good, but you can find better cocktails a few blocks away. Not ADA compliant if you are in a wheelchair, the bar is a down a flight of stairs. But then again, if you're over 60, this probably isn't the lounge for you.
Super fun pre-dinner stop with cozy atmosphere and yummy drinks. Female hostess at the door was a little snooty but don't let her spoil your fun.
Four and a half stars, only because one of my mixologist cocktails tasted like a regular whiskey sour. But otherwise, this place is bomb. Service is perfect all around and though it will vary depending on capacity, there was no wait for my friend and me to get in. Decor is gorgeous and very cozy and most importantly, it's not pretentious or gimmicky considering it's one of those speakeasy bars. Beats Apotheke and is tied with Angel's Share though I think Raines Law Room is by far more cozy and comfortable. Love it. P.S It's not on the menu, but order the Mexican Bouquet.
It's hard to imagine a better date place than Raines Law Room. Managing to pull off the whole speakeasy thing without being pretensious or obnoxious, Raines is down an easily-missed flight of stairs on the south side of the street, obscured by an awning with no signage. But if and when you find it, you'll be glad you did. The subterranean lounge is as cool as it is welcoming. Its plush interiors and candle-lit seating areas are complimented by great cocktails and a really nice staff, and there's a small kitchen area in the back where food and drink is available to people willing to stand. Raines greatest problem is also its greatest asset - its modest size. Very narrow and very small, but phenomenal once you get seated.
I've only been to one other speakeasy, but this is by far my favorite place to get a drink (speakeasy or not).  The drinks are delicious. I ordered a tall refreshing drink which was really good. For my second drink I wanted something similar, so I asked the waitress what she recommend. She asked me what I wanted and liked. I told her something similar to my first drink, and she came back with this delicious raspberry drink which was off the menu. I also like that you just have to ring the door bell next to your table if you want to order another drink or need assistance.  No need to try to wave down your waitress or get bugger 100 times by the waitress asking how everything is.
Ended up at Raines before dinner around the corner.   Was a great find, when we found it behind a nondescript door in a basement apartment.   Drinks were excellent and reasonably priced.   San Luis Cup had a nice kick to it.  Wife enjoyed one of the champaign based drinks.
I have to say I did a fantastic job in picking the location to have my first New York speakeasy experience. Great low-key atmosphere, doorbell service, strong drinks that are good enough to make me forget about the price tag attached. I was just raving about this place the other day to my brother. If he listens to his older sister's advise he will have some very impressed dates.
I think it's impossible for this place not to be considered pretentious, but having said that, the interior is immaculate, the service is good, so long as you don't mind waiting 20 minutes or more for your drinks...of course we're talking signature cocktails here and not PBRs....The decor, ambiance, vibe, and feel are all quite top-notch, but after a while no matter how powerful the illusion of cool is--the reality that you're sitting in a dark, windowless, tiny basement drinking exponentially-inflated 'cocktails'-begins to sink in.
This place is a perfect, cozy yet classy date spot with AMAZING and very creative cocktails- all my friends are impressed when I bring them here. :) Tips: -make a reservation or prepare to wait around an hour to get in -there's a nice back patio lit by candlelight that has a nice private, intimate feel of you're into that -cocktails are about $15 each, and they're totally worth it. SO GOOD. -go to this place! It's the coolest. You won't regret it.
I'll admit, I got scared when my friend and I rang the doorbell to find a head abruptly popping through the door. But inside was a romantic, classic feel. We made reservations for a Tuesday night. We were brought through the room filled with couch only seating. Very intimate! Looking through the menu, each drink was very detailed. My friend and I just pointed to whatever looked good and each drink was delicious! To sum it up: great atmosphere, classic interior with naughty details, friendly service, and the cocktails were amazing!
I love this place. It is far superior than PDT and its buzy signal. It is actually possible to get a reservation without fighting tooth and nail. The drinks are delicious and the assortment is plentiful enough to accommodate any mood. I wish they had more whiskey based drinks but everything I have had was very good. Pricing is also probably on the mid to lower end for the nyc speakeasy. The service is standard good service. You pull the little chain and the server shows up and you get your drink. I do not ask for much more. I prefer the couches further in the back of the main room but I adore the fact that they give your entire party (mine is usually two) its own coach so you can sit and have your drinks leisurely and comfortably versus squished with strangers. The wallpaper in the bathroom is also totally awesome. Please take note. No seriously.
Could not have had a better time here.  Meaghan, Chris, David and the wonderful woman whose name escapes me that was mixing drinks with the Diana Ross in The Wiz type hair, were all amazing and outstanding to deal with.  Meaghan had to deal with a customer who overstepped their bounds by changing the music without permission (or the right to do so) and did so with class and professionalism.  We all have a lot of choices of places to go to in the city, and this spot is top notch.  Kudos to the staff, the vibe, feel and professionalism of the job they did in the short time I spent with them with my Mrs. left me wanting to come back again soon.  Slainte!
I've been doing market research for speakeasy bars in NYC and I heard about this place. I was having 2 cocktails at their bar counter(more likely bar kitchen in the back). Their cocktails were good but not great. In addition I accidentally heard some staffs were talking about some customers in the back. Did not feel comfortable about this as I did not want to be their next subject. I don't think I would go back.
Raines Law Room is a truly unique New York experience. While many Yelpers find it amusing to hate on mixology, speakeasies, or to throw around the word "pretentious" with regards to establishments such as this, here is the one venue that everyone should be able to agree on. Raines is to speakeasies as The Beatles are to popular music. (Raines Law Room : Speakeasy :: The Beatles : Popular Music) What makes Raines so unique and enjoyable is its old-fashioned apartment-style layout and atmosphere. After being greeted and escorted by the bouncer (butler?) the curtain opens upon a spacious living room lined with couches and dim lighting. The patrons lining the sides of the walkway are notably quiet and respectful, discussing progressive politics and molecular biology I would imagine. At the end of the living room, you come upon the bar. Did I say bar? Nay, kitchen. Perhaps this kitchen wouldn't be as much a shock if it weren't in a Manhattan bar, but the open island kitchen table surrounded by unique garnishes and rare liquors and the golden art deco ceiling will make any New Yorker a tad jealous. Ahh, but the drinks! Take it from a man who studied and dabbles in mixology (yes, I even have a freaking diploma), these are expertly crafted cocktails. I dare say they might be the best in the city -- and that would probably mean the best in the country (yes, I'm a snooty New Yorker and I embrace it)!  Normally I would list the stars of the show, but every drink that I've had at Raines has been spectacular. I only have one complaint that should be known: the bartenders tend to be exceedingly slow. Though, in a way, when patronizing an establishment such as Raines, wouldn't you like to slow down as well? Perhaps it is a blessing in disguise.
We were on our way to dine at Petit Abeille and a friend mentioned that she had seen people go downstairs into an unlabeled basement next door.  We knocked on the door and left our names with the host, who was really nice.  We went and ate dinner and then they called us back in perfect time. It's very intimate and cozy, dimly lit, rather mysterious, velvet curtains - the sort of vibe you might expect from a speakeasy.  I ordered the American Trilogy (apple brandy, whiskey, bitters with a giant block of ice) and it was strong and good.  The Raines Law Room was a serendipitous find.
I recently went on a date here on a Monday night. It is possible to make a reservation during the week but we did not have one. However,  we were able to give the doorman our phone number and he called us in 20 minutes to let us a know a table opened. This was a very good date place for during the week. I had  two glasses of some amazing drink with cucumber but I can't remeber the name..oops...guess it was good!
First speakeasy and it was a wonderful experience. I made a reservation for  5:30p on a Monday and arrived at 5:15p-ish. They lead my date and I in quickly to a beautiful couch inside. The waitress made great suggestions (see below). Time passes really fast in there - my date and I were just talking casually and the next thing we knew - 3 hours had passed by! Drinks: Marie Antoinette (sweet with crushed ice on top) Lord of Norway (whiskey with orange bitters) Aries Era (refreshing fruity kind of drink)
(2.5 stars) Q: Does New York need another speakeasy concept? A:  Probably not. Q: Does Raines Law Room need another review on Yelp? A:  Probably not. But in the effort to add something to the ongoing dialogue, I will say that Raines Law Room, despite its pitch-perfect name and immaculate decor, is certainly not on the level as other premier cocktail joints such as Milk & Honey, Death & Co., and Clover Club. I had three drinks here (God, help me), and there were noticeable flaws in each one: 1) Philadelphia Story (Compass Box Scotch / Amaro Averna / St. Germain / Bitters / Grapefruit Peel) 2) Viva Verde (Mezcal / Tequila / Agave Syrup / Lime / Cucumber / Salt + Pepper) 3) Transatlantic (Buffalo Trace Bourbon / Vanilla Liquer / Domain de Canton / Lemon Juice / Bitters) The Philadelphia Story didn't have bitters. (I noticed the slip-up as I  was sitting in front of the bar.) To draw a cooking analogy,  that's like failing to add salt to your dish. The Viva Verde had too much agave syrup: there needed to be some sort of spiciness to offset in that drink. And the Transatlantic ended up having too much vanilla liquer. These oversights were probably due to the fact that I never once saw a bartender at Raines Law Room taste a drink, which disconcerted me. If you watch any bartender at the aforementioned places work, they will always have a cup of half-straws to sample drinks. As the chefs instruct their cooks: taste, taste, taste. Enough has been said from a decor standpoint: Martha Stewart should take notes if she ever decided to include a bartending-at-home segment on her TV program. They take reservations Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, and this is probably the best time to drink, as I'd suspect lines of people ringing the the doorbell at this creates as much ambience as unexpected guests at a dinner party. But hopefully the quality of the drinks will step up to the level of the decor.
Get the wildest red head! It's strong and sweet at the same time. I came here on multiple occasions. The seating is dark and cozy. There is a small outdoor/backyard area but I would stay inside bc the speakeasy ambience is so much cooler. The wait is not too bad. Usually, I put my name down with the doorman and grab food in area until they call me.
Fun atmosphere but we spotted a mouse running on the floor. Waitress said "it happens" so that took away from the vibe a bit. Makes for a good story anyway.
The real deal. Perfect for a classy, intimate evening with a group of 2-4 friends. Because on a typical night you'll be waiting at least an hour before getting to go in (part of the "speakeasy" vibe that many people enjoy), it is hard to have a seamless night out that includes Raines. There are a couple of nearby bars that are fun, but be sure to keep your cell phone on loud because if you lose your reservation five minute after your table is ready.
It's great if you are already inside, great drinks, great ambiance. But, I live by laziness, and this much effort to ensure a spot to relax, doesn't make sense to me. I suppose it's a dilemma every good place eventually become.....
Delicious drinks for an adequate bar. Please come on a week night. Awesome jazzy atmosphere. Waiters are bartenders and bartenders are waiters so your drinks are perfect!
best speakeasy......hands down
What a hidden gem! Awesome atmosphere, definitely feels like prohibition times! They have a very interesting array of wild mix drinks. Get ready to pay NYC prices for them! CALL IN ADVANCE! I waited for two hours for a call back
Growing up, I spent a lot of time at my family's extremely WASPy country club in the Washington DC area. After a while, probably mid-way through high school, I began to resent the place, realizing how detached and bougie everyone there generally was. My friends with whom I played golf and tennis fell by the way-side, and were generally abandoned in favor of a more egalitarian circle. And then I went to college. My freshman dormitory was a shitshow, a de facto frat house, and a general incubator of filth and disease (as most freshman dorms tend to be). So, upon returning to DC for breaks, I began once again to take great pleasure in my visits to the club. It was social like college, but there were un-torn couches, un-broken doors - the bathrooms had pictures of horses on the wall, instead of projectile vomit and soap scum. I could wear a seersucker suit without turning a single head, and tying up a bowtie was encouraged, not mocked. The Raines Law Room, along with the Boom Boom Room and a few others, have filled this role for me in New York. Don't get me wrong, my apartment and building are lovely, as is my office in SoHo, but at the end of the day, I'm 23 years old, and cannot outfit my surroundings with Swarovsky crystal chandeliers and the like (yet). The rich colors, warm glow, shiny silver and gold surfaces, and just-right warmth of the air all combine to paint a truly classic and relaxing portrait, and I half expect to see Tom and Daisy Buchanan stroll through the entrance at any moment. The mixology is fantastic, and while I have always pushed myself to try new things, I steadfastly stand by the Hendrick's and tonic, a grand drink for the truly distinguished gentleman. Much like with Boom Boom, the staff dresses in period-appropriate attire, adding to the throw-back nature of the entire experience. I often will rock a suit that might be too flashy for anywhere else here, because that's just how it's done. Finally, I have always had some fantastically sparkling conversations at the Law Room. Although clearly the price point keeps out certain folks, there is almost always a good variety of young, good looking people, classy and friendly older types, and some even have the audacity not to work in banking/finance. I have met designers, entrepreneurs, lawyers (of course), professors, and more - and never had an unpleasant, pushy bar experience. Top marks, Raines.
Loved this place! It has a cool vibe and amazing drinks. It's a great place to hang out with friends or even a date. I'll definitely be returning on my next trip to NYC!
Came here with a group of friends on a Saturday evening.  We really enjoyed our experience and would be happy to come back again.  In summary: 1) The Bar was very pretty and had a nice range of bottles. Note that the bar is not visible from most of the seats. It is in the middle of the space, but you can get up to watch the bartenders make drinks if you want. 2) The Service was good. Everyone was very friendly and took the time to answer all of the questions that we had.  They have a little bell you can press at your table when you are ready for your next round of drinks- once the server has come to your table, you just need to press it again so they know that your table has been taken care of. This is a great system as it ensures you are left alone when you want to be, but can get a new drink whenever you are ready. 3) The Drinks were well made with fresh ingredients and served in the appropriate glasses.   4) Ambiance was good. The intimate tables and dim lighting make it a nice date spot.  However, there are larger sections for small groups. I wouldn't recommend coming here with a group over 6 as it is quite small. Raine's Law Room is a beautiful, cozy cocktail bar, which I would highly recommend for a date.  The service is top notch as are the drinks.  One thing to know is that the wait time can get quite long on the weekend!
The word "law" has a lot of definitions.  One, per the New Oxford American Dictionary (3rd Edition), is this: "A rule defining correct procedure or behavior in a sport." So let's say cocktails are a sport in NYC these days, and Raines is the law.  It defines the correct procedure and behavior.  My knowledge of liquor is pretty shallow, and I doubt my tastes are particularly refined, but I know a place that lives up to the hype when I see it.  The drinks are sophisticated and interesting and delicious, the staff are knowledgeable and on point, and the space is designed to be sexy and also cozy, exclusive but also inviting.  I don't think you'll find places better than this, only ones that are as good. That said, allow me now to contradict myself completely: Raines maybe is not perfect for couples.  I came here with a group of good friends, and it was perfect.  Perfect, I tell you!  But I noticed that at least some of the couples around us were in pairs--that is, two pairs of twos, sat together across from one another in spaces better suited to groups of four.  That's not a tragedy, but, y'know, here I was imagining Raines to be the perfect spot for a date with some person that exists with me alone in a world of two--some person who may well be the other half of my duprass, for all I know!--and then they go and sit strangers together? Other notes: - I came without reservations, prime time on a Saturday night, and my group of four strolled on in as if there were no wait.  Maybe my friend charmed the guy at the door, we're not sure, but we toasted her affability for the rest of the night.  Other groups here definitely had wait times of an hour or more. - They have a backyard.  It closes at 10pm.  I won't get all maudlin and say that my heart was crushed, finding out it was closed when I arrived, but I will get all maudlin and say this: I came to Raines with a group, but someday I'm going to be back, and it's going to be on a date with someone I really really really like, and I'm going to sit with her in that damn garden, and it's going to be idyllic outside, and our minds will thunder--somehow in unison--with fireworks. Disclaimer: Much of this was jotted hastily some while ago in a state of questionable sobriety.  Upon sober reflection, though, I stand by it.
Listen ya'll...I'm basically a raging feminist at this point in life. But, this one night I decided to man up and go on a date. Not just any date. A hot date. And, of course, no better place in Manhattan to get a drink, cozy into a couch with your honey and sip on some cocktails than Raines Law Room. Aside from being dark, sexy, and mysterious (the date or the place?). Just the fact that you ring a buzzer in the door of a basement is pretty damn alluring. After you give your name to a supremely adorable doorman who looks straight out of an old movie, you will find your destiny of delicious libations and discrete service that leaves you and your lover alone all night long to gaze into each others eyes. The cocktails were delicious, and not that expensive! The decor was cozy like a really fabulous living room, and if you stay until closing time every patron becomes your best friend. Such a wonderful place to throw back a few drinks and be LEFT. ALONE. I will definitely be back.
I give this place five stars because of the unique experience.  We were there at 11pm on a Tuesday and after ringing the doorbell a woman just slightly opens the door and  alerts us that there is a one hour wait.  She takes down our number and promises to call as soon as something is available.  After about an hour and change we receive a call allowing us to return and upon entering we see that the place actually has several empty couches.  I guess they are really trying to keep it low key.   There is little chain that lights up a button on the wall and that alerts the waitress to come for service.  The place itself is very sexy (as many have said) with plus couches and very dim lighting.  Great for a second date.
happened into this place last night for a drink with a friend after a particularly terrible movie. this bar is exactly the salve my tired soul needed. it's one of these bars that seem to have really taken root in the post-modernity of latter-day new york city; simultaneously emblematic of and winking at our crumbling empire. tin ceilings, speakeasy vibe, low lights, and enough casual opulence to beat the band. the music is on point (jazz standards lend an air of romance to the proceedings). and the cocktails are super delicious and pack a real wallop. this place oozes sex and romance. take a date there, immediately. take a friend there that you want to date. but probably don't go alone in the hopes of meeting someone- it's not that kind of place.
This was my first speakeasy lounge in NYC.  Impressed by how hidden it is, it looks like someone's apartment.  It was a Friday evening, no reservation can be made.  After putting our name down a few hours before, we strolled around the area for dinner first.  The decoration is reserved from the probation time, the bar looks like the kitchen, which made it feel more cozy just sitting on the couch.  The restroom on the left has fun wallpaper, it's a wall of different sex position.  I like the drinks a lot.  I had the Haitian divorce, which is a strong aged Haitian rum mix.  All drinks are $14. We were there for about 4 hours, everyone is pretty chill and relaxed.  Though most people are a little dressed up, you won't get picked up, it's more like a date or friends get together vibe.  Never block the traffic in the room, or you'll be asked to sit down.  If you are feeling tired of sitting, stand at the bar area in the back.  Definitely not a place to go to if you are looking for dancing because the music volume is low. The service was just alright.  I don't like it when my friends and I were on our way to the restroom, and we bumped into other friends, so we stood and chatted a bit.  The server came us and asked us not to block the traffic.  So I feel like I need to sit the whole night.  It took a bit long to get our bill at the end.  But other than this, still a pretty speakeasy place to check out.
I absolutely love hidden cocktail lounges like this.  You feel like you are inside someone's Park Avenue apartment when you are getting your perfect cocktail at the bar (or what appears to be a kitchen). I was pleasantly surprised to see they had female bartenders the night I went because it seems as if all the upscale cocktail lounges have male bartenders. Nice to see! Perfect place for a romantic rendez-vous - comfortable seating arrangements with curtains, low lighting, the right amount of people, etc.
Really great place. Really. The good: - Very lovely design - Sophisticated atmosphere, but not snobby at all - Excellent servers and staff - Super comfy seating - Very private - you can go with a group of your friends and feel like you have your own little slice of heaven - Nice drink menu - Reasonable prices (on par with what you'd expect) The bad: - Probably difficult to get Fri/Sat ressies The verdict: My kind of place
fantastic cocktails in a cool space...check it out...best for small groups
Hands down the best speakeasy we went to in NY.  I just love the decor, the smell and plush chairs.  It is busy but still intimate and not stuffy.  They limit the number of patrons so it is never overcrowded.  The drinks are strong and ingredients are fresh.  Inventive and lengthy drink menu.  Totally worth a trip if you are our of town and it would easily become our go to place if we lived near by. The bell to get service is great and the garden is nice too.
Awesome space. Fantastic drinks and a lovely outdoor area. Will definitely return. Been to a lot of speakeasy type establishments and this one is one of the few I'd say that has a legitimately "sexy" feel to it. The lounge area is nicely sectioned off and curtained. Great for a date or just to hang out with a small group of friends. Really cozy and you can actually stand in the bar/kitchen area watching the bartenders do their thing. Loved.
I'm a big fan of this old timey / speak easy. It has some of my favorite drinks in the city. Mixologists earn their fair share, the drinks are 5 star worthy! One of the only places Ive been to that makes cognac cocktails. Dark quiet romantic, great for a date or romantic evening or for kicking back and having a night cap. Im being selfish but im upset this place got popular, now its nearly impossible to get a table on the weekends or after 9PM almost any night. BTW the decor is my favorite out of any place ive been to EVER!  Next time youre there make sure to pay close attention to the wallpaper!!
Nothing really to add that has not been already written. Excellent place for a quiet drink. The place is very dark, so watch your step. It's pricey and small so come early.
We lucked into this place. Happened to be nearby and just happened to recognize the entrance from my previous research of bars in realized there was no line and it was around 6pm, so figured why not!? We were quickly welcomed into a dark but cozy space. There is not visible bar, instead comfortable couches and chairs arranged for conversation. The entire place looked like an old social club, with chairs and lounges set in clusters. If you come as a pair you'll be sat with someone else, but I thoroughly enjoyed talking with the women who were sat with us. It didn't hurt that the cocktails were strong and perfectly balanced. I wish I could remember their names, but again, the cocktails were strong! The little doorbell you push to order more drinks is pretty cool. Make sure you check out the wallpaper in both the main room and the bathrooms. Too good! Easily one of my favorite places we visited on our last vacation.
My fiance and I had a lot of wonderful dates at Raines Law Room! It is also our go to spot when showing out of town friends around the city. It has great cocktails and ambience and is perfect for dates or for smaller groups to catch up. It has the speakeasy vibe without being overly pretentious. There are a bunch of couches and arm chairs for intimate dates or groups. The only downside is that sometimes you get seated at a couch that faces another couch so you're viewing/on display whatever date is going on directly in front of you. The drinks are fun, inventive, and seem to change on a fairly regular basis so it never gets stale. They are pricier than your pub/dive bar but totally worth it. You go down some stairs to an unmarked black door, knock and hopefully you've made a reservation in advance so you don't have to wait around but get let right in. If you don't have a reservation, you can wait in the kitchen/bar area which has great decor and works for groups to hang out, but it tends to get a little bit crowded back there. Definitely go during the week when it's a little less hectic and you can score a reservation.
This place is fantastic!! Really good spot to bring a date or group of friends. It is perfect for talking and sipping some delicious cocktails. Make sure you get a reservation--and this place is like home. The Gold Rush is my favorite! Niko niteflymobile.com
Went here on a Friday night around 12:30, we were expecting to have a long wait but were seated almost immediately after arriving, not sure if this was an off time or what but it was nice.  It was the perfect atmosphere to enjoy conversation and delicious drinks for a group of 4.  The menu had lots to choose from with interesting ingredients, made it hard to decide which drink to try!  It felt more laid-back than other speakeasy bars I've been  to which I liked.  There should be more places like this, will be back.
Points for style, theme and excellent flavor blends.  The menu tells the story of "Raines Law" which is fun and interesting to gather in.  It also has a great list of drinks... The atmosphere is upscale underground.  The best feature is the back garden which is cozy and candle lit. The method of entry is on the "frosty" side.  Perhaps they are keeping consistent with the way 1896 speakeasies operated.  I don't mind the doorbell and waiting list as a concept at all. I walked up solo and politely indicated my intention to have a drink.  The host asked me to wait outside and closed the door.  He returned a few minutes later and, with his mortician veneer, turned me over to the hostess who showed me the way toward my destination.  It was early enough that there were plenty of available seats.  I'm not sure what it was that they had to research prior to showing the sad looking lonely guy in.  Maybe its part of the show.
It was a dark and stormy night.  My friend from law school told me to meet her at raines law room at 8pm.  I walked along 17th street, and counted the building numbers.... 44, 46, .... 50... something was awry!  Where was 48?!  I turned back around, noticed an unlabeled black door, curiously walked through, walked down the stairs, noticed another door, hovered around for a little bit, when all of a sudden.... THE DOOR OPENED BY ITSELF AND A MAN DRESSED IN AN OLD SCHOOL BARTENDER OUTFIT GREETED ME! Okay, this is where the magic died a little bit, and maybe it was because of my own ignorance.  Keep in mind... I'm wearing giant green rainboots, I look a mess from the rain, I'm out of breath because I was late, and I told the host that I had a reservation for 8pm (when they very clearly don't take resos).   I met my friends, had a delicious cocktail, blah blah blah and throughly enjoyed the ambiance around me.  The bar area is decorated like a ritzy kitchen, and if you look closely, the wallpaper in the bathroom is very very naughty (winky face).   ...AND then my friends and I waited over an hour standing at the bar to sit in one of the booths.  Even though, there clearly were vacant spots, our door greeter friend never let us sit.  We asked him a few times about the empty places, and he just gave a non response and then eventually would seat newcomers.  And we just stood in the bar area / kitchen, and watched others get escorted to the booth areas.  It was pretty lame.  And as we walked out, we saw that there were empty spots all around... what gives?!  Minus major stars for that.
Great spot. Good drinks, nice interior, friendly staff.  Warning it is usually crowded, so don't be an idiot and complain like some people on here...either figure out the times its not busy, make a reservation or expect to wait by the back bar. Once you know the times to go this place is one of better cocktail bars around and probably THE best in this area. This place is for conversation...so its good for a date or a chill night with friends.
very chic and intimate. laid back, good drinks, good service.
The drinks aren't overly expensive and holy cow the decor is fantastic. I had a few drinks out on the patio as all the tables inside were reserved and was so jealous. There are pulleys at each table that when pulled light up back at the bar to indicate a table needs service to the servers. The wallpaper, while seemingly classy at first glance, is all just sex positions. The service is incredible and you can't recreate the speakeasy vibe well, but this place is aces. It's unmarked on the street, you have to go down the stairs to a nondescript door and ring the bell for the maitre'd to let you in. This is my new favorite spot in the west village!
I'm updating this review due to the many messages and comments I've received regarding reservations. I didn't think I have to detailed my conversation with the 3 Caucasian gentlemen, but it seems like it's much needed to stop the messages deeming I don't know what I'm talking about: A= 3 Caucasian male B= Me A: "Hey, you wouldn't happen to know where Raines Law Room is do you?" B: "Yeh. Right behind you man. We just tried getting in. The guy that answers the door took our names down on the waiting list. Said about 40-45 mins wait." A: "Oh D@mn. For real? Man that sucks." B: "Go test your luck, or at least get your names on the wait list. We're going to grab a drink nearby here and wait. You guys could do the same." A: "Yeh, I guess we could do that." Please note that my previous review was based on my initial experience with the place. I have not crossed Raines Law Room out of my to-visit list. It looks and seems an intriguing place.  I am heading back to The City in August--will perhaps try to come by again. Earlier this time....
Delicious concoctions, intimate setting for client (or personal) drinks, great/friendly/knowledgeable waitstaff and a great little speakeasy-style setting. You can email for reservations on Sundays, Mondays & Tuesdays so you don't have to wait or be turned away!
I liked Raine's Law Room the first time I went. The ambiance was cool the drinks were great, despite the fact that our waitress was a bit of a know it all. Then the second time I went, everything seem to be going well, but it shortly went downhill. After being called by Paul to come because there was space we entered and sat down. Paul decided one of my friends, a banker who works long hours was drunk and then had the same saucy waitress tell her she wouldn't be allowed to drink! Except the waitress took it a step too far including making judgements on us not being "classy" which Paul (who was at the door) claimed to have not heard even though he was "right" there. Nearly an hour later as we waited to have a real management or owner's number, and not just a name scribbled on paper so that we could complain (this included enduring Paul calling us all "drunks" and telling a group of men who decicded to sit with us not to sit with us as we were "really drunk" ) he finally gave us the owner's information. My friend wasnt even drunk, and if she had been, why did they even let us in? Poor handling all around and really abominable service!
I've had this place on my to-try list for as long as I can remember, so I'm super happy to be able to finally say that I've gone. There are hundreds of reviews, so I'll only give you the criticals: 1. Go on a Sun, Mon or Tues so that you can make a reservation. Just make sure the request is emailed before 3p. I missed it by an hour, ouch. 2. There will likely be a long wait, even on a rainy Tues night. I was fifth on the list as of 7:30, and didn't get the phone call until 8:45. 3. While waiting, drink at Rye House halfway down the block (on the North side). 4. Even once you're in, expect to wait for your table. In the meantime, you'll be able to have a drink at the bar in the back. If you're lucky, you'll be able to grab the two little ottomans and sit while you're back there. 5. The ambiance is indeed great. You won't be rushed. The staff are very nice. The drinks are very good (although I don't know that I would say that they are any better than at any of the other speakeasies that I've been too (Angel's Share, Little Branch, Pouring Ribbons, etc.)). The music is quiet and relaxing and made me feel like I was in the 1920. Look closely at the wallpaper in the bathroom. You'll be glad you waited, and that you had the courage to push the little doorbell and to stare down the security camera inches from your face.
If you're not cool enough to score a Milk and Honey reservation, can't navigate the phonebooth at PDT, no available seat at Death and Co., get lost in Yokocho trying to find Angel's Share - Raines Law Room may be your speakeasy haven. Down the steps, ring the doorbell, and suddenly the date is January 1920 and the Prohibition Law has just been enacted. You're sipping Pimm's Cup and Communist's Daughter in someone's chic and intimate living room and going for refills in the pseudo bar slash kitchen.  The soundtrack is the only thing that is predictable. The mixology trend is clearly evinced in this setting - you're sipping on freshly muddled cocktails on plush furniture, lit candles, and a severe old-school ambience. Five stars in my book. See you later Apotheke.
This wannabe speakeasy gets it right. Go down the stairs, ring the doorbell, and a guy that looks like Thom Yorke in a suit will answer the door. He will tell you you'll get a call from a private number in an hour or two. Worth sticking around the area for the call? Yes! When you finally do get to walk in the door, Thom leads you through the dimly lit space. You'll get glimpses of couples on couches on your way to the back room, which is the bar itself. You are told to order a drink and hang out in the bar room, which fits about 8 and smells strongly of fresh citrus, until Thom comes back to take you to your couch. Having a drink at the bar first gives you an appreciation of the craftsmanship put into every drink, and I hope they make everyone go to the bar room first, even if there are couches readily available. The drink menu is probably the most amazing list of drinks I've ever seen. We knew it was bad form, but we ordered the first two drinks on the menu anyway because they sounded so good. And they were. Eventually, Thom comes back in the room and takes you to one of the secluded couches you passed by earlier to enjoy the rest of your night. Definitely a place to bring a lady or gentleman friend and not a place for a boys night out.  Also, feel free to grease the hand of Thom Yorke. If not, your secluded couch might all of the sudden include a couple from Jersey.
Walked in on a Sunday night when it opened.  The place is somewhat unmarked, so know the exact address.  You walk down a small set of stairs outside and ring the doorbell to get in.  The interior is beautiful - dimly lit, spacey, comfy plush couches.  They play soft music (mostly soft jazz when I was there), so it's great to have a conversation, since you you can talk at normal speaking voices.  The actual menu had more (and completely different) drinks than what's on the website.  There was honestly nothing that REALLY caught my eye on the menu in the way that drinks at Death&Co usually do, but knowing Raines is supposed to be a good speakeasy, I figured anything I picked was going to be good.  And they sure were!  Supposedly the mixologists have some off the menu drinks and can make anything on the fly if you tell them what you like, so maybe I'll try doing that next time I come.  Like most other "speakeasy's" it's $13 for a cocktail, but they use high quality liquor, the drinks are strong, and incredibly well-made, so it's worth the price tag in my book.  Death&Co is still my favorite in NYC, but Raines Law Room is definitely worth another return.
You fancy huh? Oh where do I begin? Super awesome speak easy.  You MUST have a reservation. You knock, the door opens slightly...you confirm you are on the list and voila! You are in! You walk down the stairs to a magical swanky and comfortable room.  Filled with beautiful decor, an eclectic NY crowd, and super sweet cocktail servers. The seats are large, gorgeous and comfortable.  The drink menu is long, detailed and mouthwatering.   YOU PULL A STRING AT YOUR TABLE FOR WAITRESS SERVICE!  Every patron's wish has been answered! Our table tried: El Diablo: Amazing.  I win. San Luis Cup: Delicious. Salt and Peppery American Trilogy: Fancy. Manly. Yum Ritz Champange Cocktail: Good, not too sweet I will return.  I will.
So the place is hard to find, its sorta hidden with just a plain white door indicating the location. As you come in, you are greeted by the european accented host. The ambiance is definitely intimate with a speakeasy vibe. The lighting was perfect and the music was definitely like my own personal playlist of smooth R&B. I definitely recommend this spot for an intimate date night. They have their own specialize drinks which were good. If you want to order anything, just turn on the switch light and somebody will come and grab your order. Pretty neat. Their hors d'oeuvres were just o.k., my personal favorites was the meat on a stick, pigs in a blanket and chicken raisin on little toasted bread. I can't really talk about pricing because everything was covered by my company. The only reason this place doesn't get five stars in my book was due to the food. Could of been better.
You enter by the good graces of the Belgium man who works the door. Come witty and ready to make him laugh if you want in without a reservation or with an armful of models (I didn't have the latter so I went with the former).  He will tell you they are full.  He will tell you he needs to see if he can make room for you and upon closing the door you know he still stands on the other side counting time on his watch or making fun of you before opening it again and either: A - letting you come back to the bar or B: asks for your number to call you when space is available.  My wit must have been in full force that night as we were granted A.  There goes one of my 3 wishes from the Genie from the lamp. Great vibe. Come dressed to impress.  Wall paper is different to say the least and if you are smooth enough with your date you might be able to emulate. Drinks a bit pricey but it's NYC.  Menu offers a mixture of items that cater to anything you might desire.   The Back patio is the place to hang.  Never seen so many first dates in my life as the night I came here.  In fact while waiting to order my drink at the bar met a guy who informed me and my girlfriend that he had a first date lined up courtesy of Cupid.  Sadly based on body language people not only his but others on first dates were crashing and burning left, right, and center.  Clearly the mixologists can only do so much in the libations and adult beverages they concoct. I'll be back - if the Belgium will let me back in.
This place is fantastic
(3 stars? I know I know, let me explain.) "Are you on a date? Is it the first one? Have you had sex yet?" ... This actually happened. Even though I was laughing until my sides hurt from this exchange, this was a prime example of why I didn't like the seating at Raines. They have a few coveted spots where parties of two can have more privacy, but most of the couches are set up for parties of four or more. So couples end up sitting face-to-face to another couple. Clearly, it's a tad intrusive in conversation. I'm also not a fan of the inaccessibility of this speakeasy. The novelty of ringing a doorbell quickly fades when the annoyingly perky hostess estimates a two hour wait, even on weekdays. Call me impatient, but unless the drinks are lined with gold flakes, I could enjoy those two hours elsewhere and still be on time for work the next day. Fortunately, they have an email reservation system in place on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday. (Be sure to email them a week in advance!) Unless you're feeling extra lucky, I highly recommend you do so beforehand. Sadly, I was also not impressed by their cocktails. Yes, their drinks are strong, but the proportions of the ones we got were off. Instead of marveling at the interplay between the countless ingredients (some of them were quite complex), we crinkled our faces at the funkiness of the taste. Both of us didn't finish any of our drinks. Perhaps I came in with extra high expectations (I've wanted to come here for at least 5 years!), but for such a popular speakeasy, I left severely disappointed. It's a great place to wow a date or out-of-towner, but there are so many better places in NYC with tastier cocktails, less pretentious ambiances, and hassle-free doors. Notes: - Nothing notable about the service, albeit felt superficial. - They had a standing air conditioner humming in the corner of the room... - The bar in the back really does feel like someone's kitchen, though the space could be improved with high table tops for the folks standing around. - Both of their bathrooms have the raunchy wallpaper, but only one has the infamous mirror. - They have an outdoor patio??
I'm not a drinker but I totally dig this place!!! What a sexy and posh ambiance!! LOVE IT!!! It's definitely one of the best speakeasies I've been in NY so far!!! It's so easy to get in, there's no weird clandestine rules or rituals to enter. All you need is the exact address and just ring the bell when you arrive and a nice tall Belgian bouncer will escort you into the bar. Because we walked in without any reservation on Tuesday night ( Only on Sundays, Mondays, and Tuesdays you can make reservation via e-mail), we couldn't score one of the private tables surrounded by velvet couches and black gauze curtains. Instead we ended up having drinks in the beautiful standing room in the bar/kitchen in the back. The drinks are about $13 and up, and are pretty strong. A place like this makes me feel so sophisticated! I love NY!!!!!
Was in the area w/ a few friends and with the help of yelp we found this place and put our names in for a wait.  Went to a nearby bar to have a few drinks to start and then headed back to Raines Law Room. Worth the wait! A perfect speakeasy.  Some say it has a bit of "The Artist" feel, but a friend and I thought it also felt like a mild version of "Sleep No More" which we loved, so it was great! Drinks/cocktails were great and the ambiance of the room was perfect for those who don't want to have to scream over other people.  I went with girlfriends so it was perfect, but I noticed a handful of couples too.
despite slighty bizarre decor still one of the top cocktail bars in NY.  my "blood and sand" was perfect.  service was smart and uninstrusive.  just a cool place
Snazzy Classy Kitschy Intimate Exclusive Delicious You have to make reservations Sun/Mon/Tues via email and I think for the rest of the days, you walk in, ask the doorman what time you think you'll be there, and he'll let you know if they have seats available then.  Aka, come here first before you go to dinner, and then come back after your dinner. ;) They also make the BEST Old Fashioneds' I've EVER had in my life!  Perfect amount of everything, huge slow melting ice cube, just absolutely satisfying!  I felt like I was Don Draper. ;)
if you're looking for the perfect speakeasy to impress your date.. and looking for easy going free flowing drinks and conversation...then this place is your spot.  this spot is MY kinda place.  the drinks are delectable and you will find at least 1 or 2 drinks that you will really adore. and with all speakeasys, they are supposed to be unmarked and hard to find!  do your homework, and do it right!
The Pioneer Spirit was one of the best rye drinks I've ever had! That being said, the place has no air conditioning which was uncomfortable (we had to leave after one drink)..In addition, we got in the door but the doorman held two other parties outside while there were plenty of open tables..and they weren't even ugly.
Have to this place a bunch of times and love it. Some nights it is easy to get in and others not so much. They have a good door policy in that they turn away people not appropriately dressed which I think most places should do.  It is initially tricky to find as there is no sign but easy enough when you find the address. Although sometimes I find it odd they make you wait when you get there even though they have room inside. Once you are in though it is a very sexy, dim lit, gorgeous place. I love the theme of 'law room" and what they have done with the décor. The drinks are phenomenal with a really creative cocktail list and the bartenders are just fabulous being able to whip up something else you might want. The drinks are expensive but you get what you pay for. Only gripe is that I wish they played upbeat jazz or something of the sort that would uplift the mood a bit. They have slow sleepy music playing at all times and considering how sexy the place is and how good the drinks are thy really have to do very little to liven it up. So it isn't the type of place you would go to pre game or get started on a night out. It is sort of place you go to catch up with friends in a quiet relaxed atmosphere or on romantic dates. The couches are really comfy.
No explanation at the door as to how one gets a table, the expected wait, etc.  Just a very brief 'sorry we have no room' and you're sent on your way.
Hard to find if you don't know where it is. It's a little black entrance and you walk down stairs and ring a doorbell. A guy answers the door while only opening it a crack. Once you're in it's a dimly lit entrance way with a small coat rack you can check your coat or keep it. Once you enter the lounge it has the feel of a library mixed with a 1920's speak easy, which is kind of it's theme. It's full of these velvet couches and there are a pair of leather chairs as well. If you keep walking toward the back you get to the bar. The bar is a little kitchen where you can watch the bartenders make your drinks. It is a very charming place. The drinks are delicious. I'm not really a gin drinker (hence the headache I sustained this morning) They make fantastic gin drinks. I had a aviation, gin egg whites and lemon or something. Sounds gross, but it's really good. Then I had bee knees, gin, honey and lemon. My favorite, I tend to like kind of tart drinks. Finally before I left I had a gordon's cup - which is gin, cucumber, salt and pepper. Decidedly good considering I don't like gin. I guess I can't say I don't like gin anymore. Definitely a place to stop by, if you can find it, it's on the expensive side but worth coming. Good place to bring a date for pre-dinner cocktails. Also check out the bathroom wallpaper.
Excited to see this place-our waitress at dinner recommended it.  But then when I arrived with my boyfriend, the guy at the door was not welcoming. It was around midnight. He said it would be a "two hour wait." There was no one else waiting to get in and I could see space in the room. We said okay, no thanks, and then he of course suddenly says: "Hold on let me see what I can do," and comes back a moment later to walk us back. There were empty couches everywhere, and it was apparent he was just trying to create exclusivity and make the place appear difficult to get into. After having walked several blocks to get there, my feet were killing me, but we were not allowed to sit on any of the empty couches because we were told to go back where they were mixing drinks. Once there, I said to my bf let's just make sure they won't make us stand the whole time and that we will be able to sit down. We asked to drink mixer if we'd be able to sit at some point and she said she wasn't sure and that only the hostess knew that. There were empty couches everywhere! I said we weren't going to stay if we were going to have to stand the whole time. The bartender girl shrugged her shoulders, and we left! We would have been happy to pay whatever amount to sit down, it wasn't about that. This place just had horrible customer service and seemed like it was trying way too hard to be cool. From other reviews on here it seems we could have been easily left to wait for twenty minutes in the kitchen before they would have let us sit down. Why so controlling? Why not more accommodating and open? Disappointed with this place and won't be going back to deal with their tedious seating procedure again.
You give them your number, they give you a wait time, then they call you when your table is ready. Well, they never called me back. Apparently that's something that can "just happen." So, I guess, be aware of that? Especially if you are planning on being in a holding pattern for 2+ hours.
Used to be one of my favorite spots in NY, now I can't advise patrons enough to avoid this spot. For those of you looking to avoid unnecessary NY pretension, stay away. Visited on a Monday night and had the door shut in our face by the hostess to wait before ultimately inviting us in. Directed us straight to the cramped, sweaty bar even though 3/4 of the place was deserted. Some people may like getting treated like crap when they're spending their hard-earned cash, but not me. Consider me old-fashioned, I guess, but I treat others with respect and courtesy and hope for the same in return.
Very swank and inviting space, cool vibe, utterly tasty drinks. Contrary to claims that they don't allow folks to stand around the bar, the gatekeeper kept letting folks in. By the time we left, the bar area was quite packed. Great for pre - dinner drinks and chit-chat.
Gimmicky for sure. Come here if you want to speak easy and drink fancy cocktails but come during off hours or else you will need to make a reservation. Props for the server request button.
Fun place but oh, the wait time. Worse than waiting for the doctor at a clinic. Love the wallpaper.
IN SHORT: A speakeasy that truly embodies the perfect prohibition-era atmosphere. Visitors must find the black awning and walk down a set of stairs to ring the doorbell of this basement level cocktail bar. The back patio is perfect in the summer, and the drinks and service will make you feel like a true jazz age Manhattanite. THE STORY: The atmosphere at Raines is dim and sophisticated, giving it the appropriate feel at any time of the day, and I've loved stopping by both right after work and late into my night. While they only accept reservations by email on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday nights, there is rarely a wait during the happy hour scene, and even at the peak of Friday or Saturday night, the host will take your number and call when a space is available. Thankfully they're incredibly consistent, and I've typically just waited at another bar in the area, never for more than an hour. The drinks are complex, elegant, strong, and favorably less expensive than comparable bars. I tend to enjoy the Spyglass, a champagne cocktail that perfectly imagines the 1920s with Flor de Cana 7-year aged rum, orgeat, and lemon juice, but it would be hard to go wrong here. What really defines the space, however, is the service. If you're sitting inside, small bells are positioned by each table or group to call a waitress if you're in need of anything (including some popcorn to snack on). Yet Raines is just so perfectly relaxed and refined that I couldn't really imagine ever calling anyone over to complain.
Raines Law Room is hands down one of my favorite speakeasies ever. It's right up there with The Violet Hour. It resides in the Flatiron area and is worth looking for. This place is well hidden so keep your eyes open. Raines Law Room is the epitome of what a speakeasy should be with every detail accounted for. The purposeful dimmed lights and low music set against the small private quarters fitting no more than 6 help create the perfect tone for rich conversation and ambiance. This paired with a special menu of cocktails crafted by the best mixologists in NYC makes Raines what it is. Notes *6 is the largest group size they allow in *2 or 4 is the perfect size *They only make drinks on the menu (worth it, don't be that guy, just enjoy the experience) *The wallpaper makes for great conversation (look closely) *make a reservation
If you want a real drink, come here. Dress nicely.  Be polite and you will receive same. No douchebags or giggly upspeaking  girls, please. Inside voices. Grown-up drinks in a grown-up atmosphere for adults only. If you think it's pretentious then you should go to happy hour at Friday's instead. Thank uuuuuuuu!
good for a date
Love this place! The cocktails are delicious, the service is great, the bartenders aren't snooty. It can be a little crowded, but it's never obnoxiously loud. A great place to bring out of towners who don't want to be overwhelmed by the crowded bar scene.
Going to a speakeasy isn't easy.  Secret numbers, long waits, and reservation quirks make the task difficult, and then if you get in, the drinks are a little too complicated and a lot too expensive. However Raines may have broken some of those speakeasy stereotypes: 1. You're not getting in if you don't know the doorman or don't have a reservation: Without a reservation at 11 on a friday night, we searched for and found the fancy-looking door and braced ourselves for attitude for not having a reservation.  Instead, the reservationist opened the door, greeted us, and with incredible kindness, told us that they were full but that he'd take our phone number and call us in  40 minutes when he expected a space to open. We were dazed as we left, stunned from the gentlemanly apology from the reservationist.  Then about 40 minutes later, we got the call. 2. Speakeasies are only good for intimate dates: Our group of 6 were seated at a comfortable corner of the surprisingly spacious room.  Sure, there were a few couples on dates there but the room was also spread out with bigger groups of people. The room wasn't so dark and dimly lit that we couldn't see each other, and we were definitely not speaking in hushed tones.  The environment was accommodating not just for the couples canoodling but also for the groups looking to kick back and relax. 3. The drinks are crazy expensive and not worth it: The drinks are expensive--$13 for most cocktails and others reaching up more than $20.  However the southside rickey ($13) was a refreshingly good and simple mix of gin, mint, sugar, lime and seltzer--nothing too complex with this drink.  Plus the plate of olives, gouda and soppresata we shared was bountiful and somewhat reasonably priced too. My other friends enjoyed their drinks as well, and they have beer, wine and sodas too. Other little quirks about Raines that make it stand out are the "doorbell" positioned on the wall of each table which you press whenever you need your waiter.  Talk about service...we were definitely tempted to press the bell relentlessly and see what happened. But, we didn't and our servers were helpful with the encyclopedia-list of questions we had of the menu.  Also, don't forget to check out the bathroom. Overall, a classy joint for those once-in-a-while ventures underground.
Overrated and overpriced... We waited 3 hours to get in here. The drinks here are nothing remarkable .. Certainly nothing to justify the wait and the ridiculous prices.  I found this place gimmicky with not a lot of substance to back the flash...
This place is awesome! I had the Fresh Fruit Fizz and it was great! I was a little startled at first when the host came to the door, barely opened it and said "how may I help you?". It's better to have a seat than stand at the bar which is also the kitchen because you can "ring" for service. If you want to experience what it might have been like back then, definitely go to this place. It will not disappoint!
Absolutely fantastic place to go. More of a "lounge" vibe than a bar. And the drinks are not cheap, but well worth it.  Classy place for sure  Fan-tas-tic. Will be returning.
Does anyone miss the speakeasies of yore? In NYC, there certainly has been no shortage of the pseudo-prohibition bars. Raine's Law Room on the other hand, doesn't claim to be a secret pub, but aims to be a civilized cocktail party. Raine's Law, is a reference to the 1896 New York legislation that imposed prohibitively high taxes on the sale of liquor, but provided loopholes for hotels. As a result, many saloons now became 'hotels' with very short stays. It has a discreet door-buzzer at the lower entrance of an apartment building. Once a smartly dressed gentleman (think vests and sleeve garters! opens the door and leads you into the parlor or back room bar, you can settle comfortably into a brown velvet couch of an organza draped booth or peruse the antique books in the lab-like bar. The libations are inspired. Try the "Smoke and Mirrors". This one is a combination of 15 year old Scotch, Apricot brandy, Amaro, bitters and a twist of grapefruit. The "Spyglass" is a heady mix of rum, Fee's Orgeat, Cherry Bitters, Champagne and brandied cherry. When you have made your decision, one can summon the server by pulling the chain from the wall. Etched glass bowls hold seasoned popcorn, the cocktails are created from herbs and fruits from their garden. If you look closely at the Victorian wallpapers of the commode and parlors, you will notice the flowery images are really cavorting naked bodies. from courtesanmacabre.com
Definitely my new favorite cocktail bar. I just wish it wasn't so hard to get into! We went on a Wednesday right after work, so we were able to grab one of the last tables. When we left at 7, there was already a line outside the door. Behind the unmarked door on 17th street is a glimpse into another era, but not in a cheesy way. I am always very wary of themed anything - however raines law room nails the perfect 19th century feel. I love the old furniture, the jazz playing, the decorations on the wall. The quiet atmosphere and comfy couches combined with the little to no cell phone service actually makes for a great escape from city life once you get inside. When you enter, be sure to read the history of Raines law in the menu explaining the namesake. All of this would be for naught if the cocktails weren't great - but they are. The menu is quite large. I had the Martinez which was delicious, well balanced and very strong. There is no food, except for the popcorn (which is delicious) so eat beforehand as the drinks pack a punch.
The price of their cocktails are truly justified, because you are paying for so much more than amazing cocktails (and they are amazing!). The decor, the ambiance, the entire experience from beginning to end is on point and worth experiencing - once, if not several times over. I appreciated how my fellow patrons were well-dressed, well-behaved people conversing with their friends in a relaxed manner, without it being cliquey (i.e. too many hipsters, prepsters, etc.)  - I can't emphasize enough how refreshing it was to be in such an environment.
probably my favorite SPEAKEASY in NYC so far just because it has the right atmosphere & solid drinks PROCEDURE: Ring the doorbell & talk to the host about putting your number down so they can call you when there's availability! Raines is a very intimate, dark place w/ classic classy decor..  there's even a small chain on the wall next to your table that you pull for service, i guess this assures the waitress isn't pestering you in the middle of your conversation Drinks are $13 and up ---Marie Antoinette with white rum was strong but refreshing!! its located on a pretty shady street so flee to another bar until you are called!
Please, please let the hype die down soon.  This is a place that you want to make a regular destination but with the "We'll seat you if there's a table open when you get here" policy, it's unreliable.  Side note: Sarah at the door is charming and kind. The cocktails are tops.  Bourbon, honey & lemon sounds rather pedestrian but the flavor was amazing.  Plus, they served it in a rocks glass with an ice block molded specifically for the glass.  The Old Cuban was the winner of our round with rum and some fizziness from champagne.  For $13 a pop, it's good to know there was some care in the crafting and to be pleasantly surprised by each drink. We only had one round because we left our number at the door and went for drinks elsewhere.  When Raines called, we were hopping in a cab home, but decided to swing by for one drink, which the next day we all agreed was one drink too many. The room itself is well-appointed. The crowd is attractive, save for the requisite schmo factor of any bar in town with a little "buzz" behind it.  The "chain" to summon your server is nice in theory but really, it just lights up a little doorbell looking button so if the server isn't walking by and looking, you're the only one seeing it.   I want it both ways - a bar that won't cram you in, but only seats you when a table is available AND a bar you can reliably get into.   Maybe they need a Momofuku-style reservation system.  Something needs to change or this very classy establishment will just stay on the "hey, let's give Raines a shot on the way to Flatiron Lounge" list.
This was a pretty cool spot.  Good drinks and definitely very intimate.  Will return again soon.
quiet, cozy, sexy, exclusive, totally the kind of bar i want to be in all the time now that i'm in my thirties. good makeout spot. nuff said.
Oh boy. This is it. I'm going to hide in a dark corner and hope they don't find me living here. I love that you can easily make reservations via email for Sundays, Mondays, or Tuesdays - in other words, days where your chances of getting in to enjoy this lovely little bar rely more on preparation rather than willingness to languish away waiting. And those days are entirely doable, since you're not coming to places like Raines to get smashed and suffer through damaged mornings, right? All other nights, it's a free-for-all. Have fun. We exercised prudence and made a reservation for a Monday at 8:30pm. A less prudent couple was already at the bottom of the steps to the cellar door* (Did they knock? Ring a bell? Who knows?). The hostess stuck her head out and we overheard her tell them there was standing room only at the bar, and a 30 minute wait for a table. As they walked away, dejected, she asked our name, recognized it without consulting her book, and led us with a warm smile into a darkly lit room with pretty damask wallpaper (yes, silhouettes of naked people, etc. etc.). Even without the kama sutra all over the walls, this place is damn sexy. The space is all plush couches and armchairs, with the bar in a separate room. To get a server's attention, pull the string at the "doorbell" on the wall behind each table. The doorbell button will light up and one of the pretty waitstaff will come to your table as soon as they see it. (No, there's no further technology here, they just walk by and see the light.) The San Luis Cup is not too sweet, wonderfully spicy, and strangely the smoky kerosene taste of the mezcal was... pleasant. Er? The thing was topped with cucumber slices and salt and pepper. It's also the first time I've had a drink that could accurately be called colloidal: The ancho chile syrup made tiny red specks all through my drink like glitter. I'm a fan. The American Trilogy, off their "strong and stirred" menu, is undeniably a drink made for slow sipping. As it was mostly a mix of All-American apple brandy, rye whiskey, and bitters, I found it harder to appreciate. When you sit, you are brought a little bowl of kettlecorn which probably came from a package, it was such a delicious touch. The space remained calm and quiet the whole time - never crowded, never cramped-feeling. We were in a rush and could only stay for an hour, during which a few parties came and left quietly. Some of those tables remained open for some time, so I'd guess that on off days, Raines is worth chancing if you're reservation-less. When you visit, please don't look too closely in the north-west corner as that is where I'll be setting up camp. *The most phonetically beautiful phrase in the English language, by the way. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ce…
Wow...my type of place. Exposed brick walls, velvet couches, lots of candles, wonderfully strong, delicious cocktails.....a sexy, sophisticated , bordello-like vibe permeates the small subterranean space. I can not wait to get my ass back there and on one of those velvet couches....as George Constanza once said..".I want to be ensconsed in velvet"...and I add to that..."while inebriated with bourbon".
Pretty spiffy place.  I thought the menu was really fun and the decor was transformative, taking you into a completely different mind set from the hectic lives we all live.  Go have a drink, and feel for a few minutes like you're an extra in a period movie.
worth the wait. fabulous cocktails and atmosphere
Get to the Chase: How it Works: 1) Walk down the stairs, ring the doorbell 2) Host opens the door only a crack asking how many people in your party and if they're all here 3) If you're all there it could be an immediate seating; More often than not it'lls be 30 min to 1 hour...You can expect to push later in the waiting time with larger groups. 4) Maximum 6 people per table, and whole party must be there 5) Once seated, you choose the drinks and on one side of the table close to the mirror there will be a chain which you need to pull, which calls a waiter/waitress over 6) Drink, lounge, be Gatsby-esque, pay and leave Pros: 1) Got to hand it to them, the "exclusivity" and pain you need to go through is a great marketing ploy 2) Inside decor is extremely luxe, and very posh 3) Waiters are very polite and professional 4) Great for winter/cold months Cons: 1) No A/C...humid as hell 2) Unnecessarily pretentious...the host could be more polite 3) There are numerous mixology bars in Manhattan that are much better than the drinks you can get here (Pegu and Angels Share for example), and you don't have to put up with all the smug arrogant attitude 4) The call button is only one side of the table, so you'll have to awkwardly ask the people you just met to pull it whenever you want more drinks 5) The crowd is a hodgepodge of elitists (Ivy League graduates, opera-goers, and trust-fund babies) 6) For $13+ per drink I'd expected a bit better drinks Definitely an experience, but rather go somewhere less stressful in getting inside, and with a more welcoming vibe.
Dress up before you go down. Because the space is dark, sexy and luxe: sheer black curtains, exposed brown brick, vintage white lace print wallpaper, fur throws, leather couches, velvet armchairs, glass mirror tables, metal painted tile ceiling, dim flickering candle light, and a hot blond waitress who looks a bit like Scarlett Johannson and some other blond sitcom actress whose name I never bothered to learn. You can't have the decor and amenities be more attractive than your fine self.... I don't tend to yelp about these faux underground speakeasies because none of them can compare to Woodson & Ford, or whatever that space is called. But I'm a fan of Raines. Because it's comfortable. You're not on some backless stool leaning against a cold and dank marble bar and feel some kind of weird need to go buy a newsboy cap, suspenders, a vest, and speak gruff. Raines serves popcorn in a little glass chalice. They have a cocktail named Champs Elysees. You pull a dainty little chain to get service. The bathroom has a makeup table. Drinks are typical mixologist fare: concocted with fine liquors that pretend to be rare and hard to find. Mix in a few drops of absinthe! or whatever! It gets quite packed on the weekends. I prefer it when it's spacious and more quiet.
Very rude not to call back! Do not tell ur potential clients you will have a table in 1.5 hour and then simply forget about them. Not coming back. Not worth the wait. Instead had a blast in Jelsomino in midtown
very nice. such a clever idea, and a style of bar/lounge you won't find in any other city.  ring a bell to get in and wait outside until they have space to either sit or stand at the bar (and by bar, I mean revived kitchen area).  once you're seating it's pure comfort on the couches while enjoying the great drinks.  i did comment that after a couple drinks one could easily feel the desire to lay down and pass out.  the drinks are stiff. I really enjoyed the variety drinks they offered, especially the ones with a spicy kick.  the staff is amazingly kind and attentive.  my only reservation, is that you are definitely paying for the uniqueness and, style and service.  great but prob only once in a while.
Raines had been on my radar for quite a bit of time, but the stories of long waits on most evenings had discouraged me more than just once or twice. Thankfully, when a friend of mine was willing to join me here early in the workweek for drinks, I was able to get in a reservation for two on a Tuesday night. Raines does accept reservations in advance between the days of Sunday to Tuesday. The more popular evenings are all on a first-come-first-served basis and can entail wait times of over two hours, so plan accordingly. On the cold and dark Tuesday evening, the two of us wandered over towards 17th Street, not entirely sure of what we would find. As we headed east from 6th Avenue, we approached a gentleman who was standing outside of a stairway. This was, no doubt, the entrance we were looking for. After confirming our reservation, we headed inside and were lead to our seats in the lounge. The ambiance is all that you could want of a speakeasy - dark, cozy, with dimmed lighting and the comfortable sound of murmurs and conversations going on around the room.  I have but one criticism of Raines Law Room, which I'll just get out of the way now: The lounge is not ideally set up for intimate meetings between two people. Four seats are arranged around one table, and it's not difficult to overhear the pair sitting across from you; not to mention, sharing table space gets a little tricky especially if one party decides to order food. Nonetheless, we started nibbling at the bowl of kettle corn we were given and going through the drink menu. I finally settled on the Sicilian Cobbler, a delicate mixture of campari and and caprari, blended with blood orange and lemon. It was, for lack of a better word, potent and each sip I took from my glass seemed to bring out additional variances in flavor. The citrus hinted on both sweet and sour, and the alcohol was layered in quite well so that I wasn't aware how much had been in my drink until the end of the night. A place to return to? Most certainly.
I love the decor and atmosphere, but drinks are only ok. Milk and honey makes much better drinks for the same price. Now, if I could only combine Raines Law Room with Milk and honey's drinks...that would be awesome. The ambiance is very sexy indeed, thus making it  another place you take your date if you wanna get laid that night.
Delicious cocktails and sultry ambience.  Service is pleasant and unobtrusive...a relaxing, warm place to come with a date, relax after work in a spot that will make you forget where you are or what century it is, or for quiet conversation with friends.
OY!  Been there a few times without reservations; it's a BAR, you shouldn't need reservations to walk in - but sometimes they won't let people in if it's crowded and other times the place will be half empty and they still play the no space card .  The place plays on the exclusivity angle and tries to keep it from having too many standing patrons -ok, i get it, but be a little lenient, you just might have more devoted patrons.  The drinks are nice and the rest of the staff is good, but if you really want to go there make sure you call and book a table in advance, otherwise the snobbishness comes out and that just doesn't play well anymore.
Stopped in to grab a drink with some friends last weekend, and was pleasantly surprised with the atmosphere. The music was great and the view of the city was amazing, which definitely made up for the pricey cocktails. We will be coming back very soon!
My fiance and I were looking for a place to grab a nice drink near Union Square and The Raines Law Room was recommended to us by a friend. Got here around 6 without a reservation and were seated promptly. The atmosphere was really nice, fairly quiet when we first got there, but it got a bit louder once it started to fill up which was slightly disappointing. Drinks were delicious. I had a sweet and fruity gin drink and my fiance had a spicy whiskey drink. I would definitely recommend to a friend who is looking for a nice place to get a tasty cocktail after work.
Favorite place in NYC! I feel like i am stepping in the 1920's. Very intimate and quite. Best place to take a date
Great ambiance and a place to bring a date or a visitor that wants to see something different! Definitely recommend it. Great drinks and bartenders always open to alterations and personalized preferences when it to come to cocktails. It's hidden location makes it even more interesting
Love this place! The kitchen is beautiful and the whole atmosphere has a very posh vibe to it which I love! Definitely check it out! TIP: When you ring the doorbell and the doorman says it's full tell them that you will wait in the kitchen and you won't be turned away at the door :)
This is not a speakeasy. Speakeasies no longer exist, for the simple fact that it is now legal to drink alcohol; furthermore, no password is required to enter. Just a well timed-email. This is an excellent, discreet cocktail room, that does not feel like a bar, as you do not have to actually see the bar or bartenders (unless of course you want to, and you might because they are usually quite hot.) The Room is very cleverly decorated, with dividing curtains, divans, service bells and comfortable chairs. The piece de resistance, however, is the wall paper. Be sure to pay attention to it when you go. The cocktails are divine and the servers are respectful and there is a delightful kitchen area in the back where the drinks are prepared. I would recommend this place for two things: 1.) your favorite lover 2.) an afterwork drink with a difficult boss or colleague I would not recommend it for 1.) your mother 2.) a loud party 3.) students
Out of all the lounges I visited will in New York this was my favorite. High five to the bartender at Flat Iron Lounge who recommended it. The cocktails we had: Paris Blues Fizz The Avenues Nigroni Rag Time I love that the bar is a kitchen and that you can walk around and view the ingredients. The ambiance is relaxing with warm lighting. The chairs are comfortable and the décor beautiful. The bartenders are friendly, knowledgeable and personable. The bathroom is so elegant its every girl dream! I highly recommend Raines Law Room and can't wait to go back when visiting New York.
Pretty cool joint. The definitely are very hush hush about letting you in, but they surprisingly called my friends cell relatively fast. The atmosphere is super cool and makes you feel that it is worth all the hype. The wine was amazing, and the service was pretty good. The place was super packed, but not overwhelmingly so. I would definitely recommend you checking this place out. However, if your not into tiny, and waiting, its probably not for you! I really enjoyed it.
OMG!!!! You have to be there to believe it.... Absolutely love this place. I went there on a Tuesday and somehow thought walking in without a reservation would be fine.... Obviously not... Had to wait for an hour but was totally worth it. The ambience is FANTASTIC!!! They keep the numbers low inside to maintain the aura of the place.
Let's get something important out of the way first: Do not bother coming here without a reservation. I repeat, either get a reservation here and arrive on time or go elsewhere. I watched so many parties of people come up to the door thinking they could somehow charm or bribe their way in--you can't. Moving on, this place is expensive and outstanding--you get exactly what you pay for. I would specifically say that the decor and ambiance was out of this world, very cozy, and the whiskey (bourbon and rye specifically) in use was of very good quality. The vodka and gin less so, but the cocktails are well designed and built, not contrived, and very tasty. Ordinarily I might like to also have music over drinks, like jazz, but this place didn't need that. I was with a group of mostly people I was meeting for the first time and the seating facilitated many an entertaining conversation. It was a first rate evening in a first rate lounge space. Highly recommended for groups of 4-6.
Lovely, lovely, lovely describes my experience at Raines Law Room.  Went here with a few co-workers/girlfriends on a Friday night around 7pm.  The entrance is a discrete locked black door down a few steps across from Basta Pasta on 17th Street.  Ring the doorbell, and the host will let you know if he can accomodate your party.  There were no couches available at first, but we were invited to sit at the bar until seating opened up.  We were at the bar about 15 minutes and were escorted to our own seating area.   The decor of this place is really great.  Plush velvet couches, with 20's music softly playing in the background.  It is the definition of a comfortable and classic speakeasy.   The drinks were magnificient.  I had the Grapefruit Collins, Madame George and the Ritz Champagne Cocktail.  All delicious.  Pricey, ($15-$23 each) but scrumptious. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for an intimate place in Manhattan.  Great spot for a date or to kick back, relax and catch up with good friends.  Not sure when they take reservations though, so definitely go early.  Looking forward to going back!
This is my favorite drink place in all of manhattan.  Its a great place to go with a small group of friends to have a few drinks.  Although you'll always have to provide your number and come back a 1/2 an hour later, this place is amazing.  I love all the tequila inspire drinks too.  Their kitchen area is cool to wait in your able to watch the bartenders make each drink and the sitting area is comfortable.  I love how they have doorbells on the wall to call over the waitress.  All in all this place is great!!!
My newest fave is Adam's ten gallon hat. Packed full of ancho chille syrup, pineapple and mezcal goodness...
This place was very easy to get into - this happens when the company you are with is friends with the bouncer.  We got in at prime time on a Friday night in a matter of minutes.  This is a very cool place. The bar area is v. cozy and has the ambiance of an apothecary of eons past; yet, the lights are quite bright in only the bar area.  We got a place to sit after 10 minutes of getting our cocktails which were great but it was kinda weird to have the curtains be some divider of booth privacy but you still have to share that very space with some other clientele! I guess if it were private, then prices of drinks would have to go up twofold, right? In any case, this is a cool place to go with a friend/date for drinks if access isn't a hassle.  I'd recommend a visit to this place at least once in your NYC experience.
Two groups of people at our section left without finishing their drinks and paying. That says something about this place. Way over-rated. Mediocre drinks and ambience.
I've been going since it opened and it keeps getting stronger - the cocktails are top notch, beautiful glassware and the servers really enthusiastic about what they serve.  bartenders will make you anything you want - even  if you don't  know what you want. one of my favorite places for a cocktails. alas, the word's gotten out and the waits are mow noticeably longer
Fabulous ambiance (especially if you want to impress your date!) The wait staff was knowledgeable and the cocktails (5 of us had 3 rounds at least) were good.  But they didn't wow us (yes, we are critical tasters), especially the price point is higher than some other places that serve creative and non-gimmicky cocktails.  The ambiance gets 5 stars and the cocktails get 3.5 stars.
I read about this 'speakeasy' a few months ago and couldn't find a good excuse to check this place out until last night. Looking for a cozy place to grab a drink, we walked over and was pleasantly surprised. I slowly pressed the doorbell and a friendly Lurch-like person greeted us at the door. We started at the bar in the back, which was really a kitchen with lots of booze and glasses. It was kinda like being at a fancy apartment party with a bunch of dressed up strangers. The ambiance is super sexy and intimate, with comfy couches everywhere and a section with curtained-off booths. Candles and dim lights are set in just enough places that it was still dark but you weren't bumping into things. You can totally pretend you're in the Prohibition era, hiding out in this basement and drinking hooch you smuggled from your garter-belt. At least that's what I was imagining. But enough of that, let's talk about the drinks. De-licious. I'm usually a beer and whiskey kinda girl, but I was quite impressed with the drinks here. I started with the Ragtime - made with Absinthe, Rye, and bitters. Strong and tasty. My next and unfortunately last drink (it was a Wednesday and I had to be up early, otherwise I would have definitely tried the whole menu and made a fool of myself. Maybe next time) was the Fourth Route, made with Hennessey, maple syrup and ginger. It was extremely yummy and so well-blended. In fact, I'm kinda craving another one right now. Our server was busy running around the place but pretty friendly when she finally got to us. The second round of drinks took a really long time, which was a little annoying, but she noticed how long we were waiting and gave us one on the house; always a nice gesture. I can definitely see myself coming back here for another delicious cocktail (or four) and some more couch-cuddling.
Simply put... Awesome. Make a reservation by email the day of before 3pm and you will walk right in. The drinks are strong and made right. They are happy to customize a drink to fit your needs and are very personable. This place is the best "speakeasy" bar in the city.
Best use of "garden level" space I've ever seen.  Front room is dark and cozy and the back kitchen area is fun for watching these hardworking cocktail artists at work.  It was 10,000 degrees when we went but apparently there's also a garden which I can only imagine is equally as well done.  And yes... pay close attention to the wallpaper in the bathrooms!  The drinks are impressive combinations though I'd give a few other cocktail bars a slight edge.  Some of these weren't that strong or as complex as I am prone to like but if you go with the potent page then you're in for a knock out.  Oh, and despite the kind of "elite" vibe the staff was friendly and hard working.  Definitely a lot to like here.
By far, the best cocktails I have ever had in NYC. Ever. Raines Law Room is a small, romantic speakeasy with beautiful and nostalgic decor. My drinking companion and I were fortunate to have gone on a weeknight, so there was no wait time. I have tried to go since then on weekends and there is QUITE the wait. The cocktail list is absolutely delectable and is suited to any palate. I have an affinity for spicy tequila cocktails and decided on the Garden Paloma. AMAZING. Just, amazing. If you need help deciding which cocktail you would like (I wouldn't blame you they all look so good!), the staff are incredibly helpful. I highly recommend Raines Law!
I went here on a random Saturday night with my boyfriend. We were seated without a wait. I liked the ambiance of the place, it was dark, cosy with very comfy antique-type chairs which were very plush. I liked the fact I could pull a chain to get service so I didn't constantly need to be alert to grab someone's attention for service, very convenient! They have 2 toilets - both nicely decorated and clean, I really liked the decor of this place from the front to the back. Cocktail prices are same as another other cocktail bar - around $12 or so for a drink. The cocktails were mostly classics (though I was told I could go off menu). My boyfriend and I had a couple of drinks and some good conversation in a nice setting. The only thing which ruined this during our first drink were the two finance twats who were speaking so loudly the entire place could hear their conversation. They were either drunk/obnoxious or both, firstly yelling at eachother about the recent performance of the stock market, discussing their strategies (yawn) and then yelling down the phone at someone else asking where they were etc etc. It was REALLY annoying but thank god by the time we ordered our second drink they had decided to leave (PRAISE THE LORD). One bad thing is that it is so dark that I had trouble reading the cocktail list even when I placed the candle right next to the menu so I could actually read it! Overall, I liked this place, not sure if this is my favorite place in the city for a cocktail, but I'll definitely return!
As a fan of speakeasies, Raines Law Room definitely hits the mark. Eclectic space with a mixture of seating. Enjoyed a nice evening of conversation. Little call buttons summon a server from the back bar. Creative drinks make for an interesting time. I had a "Liberal" and a "Three Penny", both excellent drinks with a nice balance of flavors.
Good drinks; horrible attitude by all the staff. Treat people like nothing. There's no need for that. Next bar please
I came here for my birthday last night, and what a marvelous place! I would never have suspected that this little entry way took me to a place like this. Since it was a Friday night, they didn't take phone reservations, but my friends and I came in around 7:55 and was able to reserve seats. Wait was about an hour, a little more. Worth the wait though. Drinks are a bit expensive but worth the money. You can order drinks at the bar or in the comfort of your own seat using their doorbell system. The staff are quick, friendly, and accommodating. I had three drinks here last night: Taylor's Precedent, Third Degree, and I'm not sure of the last one. All are very good and slightly strong. Very nice and dark ambience. It really sets the mood. The booths are made to dear parties privately. Though a bit loud in the vicinity, you don't have to shout to hear others.  On a side note, the bathroom has an interesting wallpaper too! Remember to check that out if you're ever there. Overall, very nice place. Would definitely come here again!
I asked for something not on the menu and they made it for me......now thats good service. Cozy speakeasy...very sexy..checkout the bathroom walls.. it screams sex. It was pretty packed that night and we stood where the bartenders made drinks. Despite them being busy they made time to still mingle with the patrons. Guys this is a place you take to impress the girl and hope for more than a kiss goodnight.
Very low key and snazzy loungy atmosphere. Not much in terms of food, but the charcuterie plate has a nice selection of olives. The drinks are definitely unique, the bartender really knows his stuff. If you don't make a reservation you wait about and hour for a phone call to come on back and grab your table or bar spot. It's very Mad Men inside and I felt sadly underdressed, but I'm definitely going back when I'm looking sharper and on a fuller stomach. Loved it overall.
i loved this place.  quiet, cozy, cool.  i can't wait to go back.  velvet couches partitioned by dark, sheer curtains make such a great private area for you and your friends.  and the drinks!  creative and delicious.  i had a rumble and an old cuban.  both were delicious.  it wasn't inexpensive here, but it was well worth it.  if you are looking for a place to just get wasted, this is not your bar.  if you interested in a great atmosphere and something a little different, then this is your place.
Reins sports a robust prohibition-era history complemented by a complex, well-crafted menu and the ultimate essence of exclusivity that would appeal to you if you: - Like alcohol - Like secret places - Like to keep it classy, San Diego Find Reins in an unlikely midtown location, enjoy the entrance (door always locked) with a doorbell, and your very quiet greeting by a well-dressed someone of whom you must convince to let you in via a reservation (Sun-Mon-Tues only) or by agreeing to wait on a list.  Sit in, stand by the bar, or grab a seat in the backyard (a midtown rarity) and sip your cocktails whilst enjoying some civilized, relaxing conversation. Reins tops my list of city speakeasys for the beverage selection and atmosphere.  A bit pricey (aren't they all?), but if you nurse your drink correctly, you can easily have two over the span of an hour and walk out without much of a dent in your wallet. Beverage recommendations:  (some of the names have escaped me) Rum:  Look for - dark rum, served tall Gin: Pom Collins Gin: Look for - muddled blood orange
Raines Law Room is exactly how a "speak easy" should run: Unpretentious, yet elegant and Delicious! I went on a Wednesday with a party of 4 and was seated immediately even though every seat seemed to be filled, I was led to the back lounge area where there are eight sexy semi-private booths with black see-through curtains which can be closed for more... privacy. Within seconds of lighting my buzzer I was greeted by Katie, my bartender for the evening. I asked for a cocktail with Fernet Branca in the mix, Katie suggested their Toronto cocktail. It was strong, red, and delicious- definitely the one I sipped slowest of the night. Next I asked for something with Canton, with a ginger and citrus feel, and I was brought a Suffering Bastard - my favorite of the night. Yellow, and garnished with a pineapple carved in the shape of a very sharp sexy arrowhead. The Transatlantic was my third drink - another citrus cocktail and my second favorite. MMMm! Katie then recommended HER favorite cocktail: Paper Plane I liked that one A LOT too : ) I can't remember the name of the last one as I was a bit drunk, but it was tequila based! Next time I'll have to remember to try something SPICY! **Make sure to take note of the wallpaper if you remember- there's a sexy surprise hidden in plain view*** Also peek into the kitchen and watch the bartenders create your drinks! This also isn't a place where you pick-up women, or meet strangers, you come with your group or date, and you enjoy their company- it simply isn't set up otherwise, which I love. Paul, the Maitre D' was very charming as well!!! Thank You ; ) I suggest making reservations on Sunday nights- however you can only do this by e-mail, and before 2pm I believe...
Superb. The cocktail menu is a ridiculous number of pages of unique, interesting, varied cocktails that are steeply priced, but for a reason: this speakeasy uses top-shelf products, including a lot of artisanal liquors. The atmosphere is also a rarity in NYC: quiet, cozy, dark, inviting, not loud. And an interesting touch: the bar area itself is actually a kitchen, complete with black subway tile and kitchen island. Reservations are hard to come by past Thursday night, and it's hard to get in without one. So try an off night like Monday or Tuesday.
may be tough to get in but worth the work
Great speakeasy in New York City. Great collection of drinks, super cool atmosphere that caters to hipsters, businessmen and the casual alike. To get to the restroom you go through the little kitchen where they make the drinks, so it's awesome to be able to see all the accoutrements that this little awesome place has. I had a lovely time and can't wait to go back. The great thing is that they take reservations three days of the week so even if you can't get in during the weekend, plan ahead and make a reservation a few days in advance. It's worth it!
I came here for a private event on a Saturday Night. It was my friend's birthday and we had the place to ourselves from 9pm to 12am. As you would expect with any speakeasy, it has a laid back feel but there's a certain amount of sophistication in their set up that's missing at other like venues.  It looks classic, yet it feels modern. There's also a very nice open spot in the back which looks like great place to hang out, when the weather permits. As for the drinks, I stuck to Gold Rush for the whole night. It was a simple but potent mix of bourbon, lime juice and honey.  I think I had 4 of those and by the end of the event, I was pretty much hammered. The bartenders were extremely courteous and professional. Nice to see they had service that matched the drinks and décor. Luckily, we had open bar during the time I was there but I can't imagine this place being inexpensive.  Money concerns aside, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone. As far as speakeasies go, RLR ranks among the very best.
I have no idea why I didn't give this place five stars. It deserves six. In the last year, RLR has probably played a not-insignificant role in evolving my entire standard of living: at first I was a shyish and infrequent patron, feeling its austere elegance to be out of my league. Now, having discretely, definitively become my favorite cocktail room on all the pertinent metrics (1. ambiance, 2. ambiance, and 3. bourbon-based cocktails), it positively serves as a surrogate parlor room in which to entertain.
Went to Raines on a saturday night with a group for a friend's birthday. The physical atmosphere was very nice, just what you would expect - dark, antique looking furnishings and gauzy curtains separating patrons from each other. Typical hipster crowd.  Predictably pretentious "door guard" and waitstaff who left us impatiently sitting for as much as 20 minutes at a time with empty glasses. Now for the drinks - The flavor profiles of the drinks are mostly savory, relying on bitters (not house-made bitters, but the premium kind you can buy at Whole Foods) and/or on traditional european beverage additions such as pernod, absinthe, aperol, chartreuse, and lillet.  this is almost always topped off by one or more of their "fresh-squeezed" juices and fruit rinds to cut through the liquor's harshness.  The liquor choices were limited and not really geared to people who "know their stuff".  Clearly they expect that you will order something directly from the menu.  The drinks menu reflect a pretty typical formula, but we all found the fundamental execution of the drink concepts lacking. It seems that countless reviewers are impressed by these drinks, but I found the drinks served to our table (we all shared at least 5-6 of the prime offerings) to be mostly unbalanced. The issue was exemplified by the premium "Amber Old Fashioned", a $22 beverage made of Xacapa Rum, Elijah Craig 18, Angostura and peach bitters.  The drink was served with a (cloudy) round of ice at the bottom and two enormous pieces of citrus rind that peered over the large rocks glass.  The citrus rind aroma completely overpowered the delicate peach bitters and even after I removed them the oils they left on the glass were the prominent aspect. The Elijah Craig 18 was an unnecessary embellishment in a drink that essentially tasted exclusively of orange and lemon. This highlights the difficulty in using fresh natural elements, but it should be easily handled by an experienced bartender who should smell and taste the ingredients prior to mixing. A warning to those unaccustomed to beverage snobbery - I was completely at home with the menu, but one member of our party was not and tried to order drinks with Bailey's and amaretto, which of course they don't serve.  I understand that completely, but then the waitress was incapable of translating our friend's desires "for something soft and sweet" to anything else on the menu, recommending harsh whiskey based drinks (great for me, bad for her).  If you go here, make sure you study up on what you like, because the waitstaff is completely unhelpful in this respect. Update: I went on a wednesday evening at 5 for a work meeting, and it was COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from the last time I went. The server was gracious and helpful, and the drinks were perfectly prepared, right down to the clear blocks of ice. If my two visits are any indication, this is a much better place to go on weeknights than on weekends... changed my rating to a 3 average, which is a 4-5 on weeknights and a 2 on weekends
This was the prelude to the finale of my most recent trip to NYC. I thought it was going to be the last stop, but turns out there was just one more place that needed to be explored before heading back to DC. My late boyfriend had thankfully made a reservation before going up on the trip, so we had no trouble getting a seat. Not that I think we really needed one at the time we went. We had a reservation for the first seating at 5:00pm, and only 4 other people were even in there for the entirety of our visit. I'd heard that this place is almost impossible to get into without a reservation, but that might not be true for the earlier weekday hours. Just a note! I really enjoyed the little bowl of kettle corn that one of the waitresses brought to our table. It was nice to have something to nibble while I sipped my cocktail. I hate to admit this, but I don't remember the name of it. It was something that was a tad bit spicy and sweet. A little bit more Autumn flavors than the warm day called for, but it was delicious none-the-less. My ex.'s cocktail was good, but was incredibly, i.n.c.r.e.d.i.b.l.y, strong. It was a play on an old fashion, one of his and my favorite drinks, and it lacked nothing in the alcohol department. If you want to get smashed, that one will do it quickly without a doubt. This is a great lounge to bring a date or friends. Its low key atmosphere provides a place for long conversations without a lot of bother. The drinks are tasty, and the service is just attentive enough. Make sure to make a reservation if you want to go during peak hours. You might be able to get in without one if you go early or on a weekday.
My introduction to the world of speakeasies and specialty cocktails couldn't have been at a better place. Reluctant to spend another Friday night amiss the delirium that at times NY nightlife can be, I scrounged through my Yelp bookmarks to see what was nearby. Low and behold, first on the list was Raines Law Room. We rang the doorbell, and a man coyly peered through the door and asked us how many were in our party. Our whole party was not present at the time, so the host escorted us to the bar and told us he would let us know when the rest of our party arrived. Walking through the lounge itself felt like a little trip into the past of an old English townhouse. The decor and the attire of the staff complimented the time traveling perfectly. Make sure to admire the Kama Sutra style wallpaper. The bar, which more resembled a kitchen that a actual bar, was arranged in such a way that you really got to see the bartender work his craft. As we waited for the rest of our party, we found out our original party of 5 was now a party of 3. We told the host, who was more than accommodating, but optioned to just stay at the bar. I started out with a shaken bourbon drink, whose name currently escapes me. A good drink, but a little on the sweet side for myself. Now my second drink, was a masterpiece. I ordered the Philadelphia Story, which I found after googling it consisted of Compass Box Peat Monster Scotch Whisky, Averna, St. Germain Elderflower Liqueur, grapefruit bitters, and Angostura bitters stirred to perfection. The oaky flavor was complimented by the herbal flavoring of the averna and the bitters. This drink was listed under "Stirred & Potent" on the menu, and it was POTENT. I can't wait till the next time I visit Raines Law Room. Perfect spot for a date or just if you want to escape the normal bar scene.
Best speakeasy I've been to, hands down. Yes you should ring the doorbell. No don't be caught off guard if someone slowly opens the door a crack and waits for a magic word. It's all just so wonderful inside and worth the wait if you need to. The fact that they will not fill the place to capacity is a beautiful thing, and you'll appreciate it once inside.  Good people, intimacy, great energy. Just go, you will have a great experience!
A solid 5 stars. I love Raines Law Room. Love their atmosphere and their drinks. People working there also have good attitude (not snobby). I love the fact that it never gets too loud or crowded there. That's my de-facto drinks place to hang out or to impress people.
New fav spot in NYC to take someone I'd like to impress. A couple hours at Raines Law Room feels like an escape into a different time and place in the midst of a loud crazy city. You walk up to a nondescript doorway, down a few steps, find yourself at another door where you need to ring the bell to be attended to. Moments later, you're led into a beautiful speakeasy-inspired lounge with cozy seating, luxurious drapery, romantic lighting, and sultry jazz playing. There's a good energy from all the conversation around you, the clinking of cocktail glasses, and occasional laughter. It's not your typical bar. There are no TVs here, there are no loud obnoxious patrons, there's this very grown-up, polished, and perhaps sophisticated vibe that surrounds you as you sip your creative cocktails. Each drink is a special creation with spices and flavors that you try to dissect on your tongue as you nod with validation that in fact you've made a good choice in your drink selection. I'm already looking forward to my return.
Skip this place and go to Death and Company if you want good drinks done by real mixologists. This place is a complete waste of time. The waitress looked like she had no prior training and she had no clue about the drinks we asked about. She also had an attitude problem. Drinks are horrible to say the least....
The space is sexy & sultry, dim & almost "secret society" like. Am I in a quaint Park Ave living room or an underground, illegal, breaking the prohibition law type bar in New Orleans? The BFF & I met a few locals/transplant friends here a few months back & it was an unforgettable experience. We were lead in the back, in the kitchen/prep area & chit chatted with the bar tenders as they took our drink orders. As mouth watering as their specials sounded, I wanted what I wanted that night: a bellini. They didn't have peach puree, so they made up a concoction of champagne & strawberry puree & it was heavenly. I can't wait to go back & experience walking down the steps, being ushered into the back & naming my own drink in a beautiful bar in a beautiful area of a beautiful city.
Small speakeasy with incredible charm and a long waitlist. Mixologist is very creative and the host limits the crowd to over 25 some nights.
I could not have been happier with my time spent at the Raines Law Room. I came here last night with some friends and followed the directions. You really will miss this place if you do not go out of your way to look for it. We went down the stairs and rang the doorbell. Within a few seconds, a gentleman opened the door and asked how big our party was. I had told him it would be either 3 or 4 people, and he told us that there was approximately a one hour wait. I gave him my phone number and name, and he put us down on the waiting list. He suggested to wait at the nearby "Rye House" and that is what we did. Only 40 minutes later, I received a call back and was told that we could come back and wait at the standing room bar area, and later, we would be seated at the seating area. We obliged. When we came back, we rang the doorbell and the gentleman from before had escorted us inside and we arrived at the bar. There, the mixologist was very helpful and made us our drinks based on what we were in the mood for. I personally asked for something fruity, particularly with strawberry, and my drink came out superb. My friends really enjoyed their drinks as well. Finally, a little while later, we were seated, and the ambiance was just amazing. It is very dark, wood everywhere, and definitely intimate. I could hear myself actually think and talk, which is a great break from the usual bar scene in NYC. Towards the end of the night, the kind mixologist had given us a shot of something (the name escapes me at the moment) which he called a bartender tradition, and that was pretty tasty as well. All in all, the Raines Law Room is a great hidden treasure (literally), the staff is very warm and friendly, from the gentleman at the door, to the mixologist, to the waiters and waitresses. I cannot wait to return!
I mean... being formerly greeted at the door, having your own private booth with a buzzer to alert your server, excellent music playing at just the right volume in the background... These are things I crave from time to time. That and a cocktail that touches all different taste buds in one sip. Well done Raines. Thanks for being awesome.
After doing plenty of research, I took my girlfriend to RLR on a visit to NYC. It was a breeze getting reservations, absolutely no problems. The street entrance is unassuming and the welcome is very cool. We were seated very promptly and the service was great. It was quiet, cool (which was unusual for mid-august) and stylish. It's absolutely not the place you go with a large group of friends to get rowdy, but rather a nice place to go with a date or a small group of friends. Even though you may sit across from a group of strangers, don't expect to strike up a grand-ole conversation about off-shore hedge funds with them (despite the desire to do so after a couple drinks). The drinks were very good. I had a pioneer spirit, which was perfect. Be VERY careful, the drinks are very boozy. I had an excellent time. RLR does a great job with service, drinks and atmosphere. It's high on my list of must-visits when I'm in NYC. Also, check out the wallpaper in the bathrooms.
Super-friendly staff, excellent cocktails, and best of all, highly enjoyable ambiance!  Neither the crowd noise nor music were too loud.  I thought at first that the server buzzer sounded gimmicky, but it was actually lovely to be left to our conversation and be able to call for someone when necessary.  I will be back!
If you ever read the trades or cocktail industry blogs or newsletters, chances are you'll see plenty 'a mention of PDT, Milke & Honey, Death & Co., et al. You know what parlor rarely gets the love? This here Raines Law Room. Do you think they care? I highly doubt it... and neither do I. Let's keep this place a relative secret, eh? Raines is about as charming as a laundry basket full of Ryan Goslings. It's dark, intimate, and you'll feel as though you're kicking back with your best friend in their quaint victorian abode. It's a casual hang that'll feel like you're literally in your friends cool New York apartment. Especially if you're in the standing room only space in the back. It's as if you're in an English countryside kitchen with a strapping youngster slinging you some of the best drinks in Manhattan. It's reservation only, so be sure to avoid walking up if you'd like a seat in the main room.
If you have a significant other in your life, take him/her to Raines Law Room ASAP. We're talking plush sofas in rich eggplant hues, velvet curtain partitions, and a jazzy "The Girl From Ipanema" soundtrack. And if you don't, go anyway and temper your self-loathing singledom with a drink or three. The coolest part of the space is the open bar/kitchen area where you can watch (and smell) the drinks being made. I thought my Grapefruit Collins was divine, but then again I'm quite partial to citrus. They take email reservations Sunday - Tuesday and are first-come, first-serve the rest of the week.
Went here the other night with a few friends to celebrate a birthday. We got a reservation for 10:30 and were running late so they promptly cancelled it at 10:40. I get it, if you're late they have a prerogative to give you're table to the next group. However, we later learned there was no next group because there was no line. Anyway, we got another reservation an hour later and were seated. The whole reservation process was a cheap, pompous way to make their bar feel exclusive; they weren't busy enough to justify it. When we got in and were seated we met with another group of friends who had gotten there in time for the original reservation. We had two separate tables across a hallway from one another so of course we were up and talking to one another. The bouncer came by and informed us this was not ok. WE HAD TO SIT IN OUR ASSIGNED SEATS. This was ridiculous, I thought it was a little anal retentive to make reservations for a bar, but being uptight about seating arrangements in a bar is downright stupid. We're a group of grad students/professionals, we weren't being obnoxious or disturbing fellow clientele. When I was informed we'd have to remain relegated to separate tables I almost though he was joking and I told the guy we knew each other so we'd only be a couple minutes. He got loud and started repeating that it was policy and he'd have to ask us to leave. We sat back down and he came by both tables to lecture us. I was offended by the bouncers efforts to make us feel reprimanded. All in all the staff and their policy were pretty bizarre. They do have pullstrings for service which is an awesome concept. The drinks were mediocre. I had a couple whisky drinks and a brandy drink which were nothing incredible. Raine's law room isn't worth it. If you're worried about feeling fancy there's better ways to do it in nyc. This place is just fodder for people who want to feel like they know a cool speakeasy.
come here on a weekday night or really early on a weekend would be good, super small space inside so you don't wanna do the wait, I don't like the pretension of long wait no reservation allowed speakeasies, but their whiskey drinks are fantastic.
Not old (5 years) but looks and feels old (in a good, classic way). Great place for a romantic date. The doorbell idea ,and ringing for the waitress, sound kitschy, but actually felt cool. They don't rush you, which is good if you're not in a rush.  It's bad if you need to stop in for a quick one and rush off.  On the other hand, not the kind of place you should go to if you just want a quick drink. Drinks are around $15 which is NYC standard. "Wildest Redhead" was a good drink It's small, so get here early for a nice relaxing drink with your date and then head somewhere for dinner.
I took my mom here when she came to visit and it was just as special as I hoped. The doorman was strict but charming. He put our name down, called us back after a bit, and showed us to the bar in the back while we waited for a table. A table came up after only a half a drink's time, and we ended up staying for a couple hours enjoying the cocktails and ambiance. Saw a few celebrities, had a charcuterie plate, and had a great time. The service was wonderful and the drinks were amazing and moderately priced. We walked out with a great buzz on and a really nice memory for around $100 total. Will definitely go back!!!
I'm def not like most people! The fact of waiting outside like entering in a club, when there's actually free table inside, and once she is ready being told: "Have a drink at the bar", get to the bar no where to sit... I mean come on people !!! what is so great about that place? beside if you like to be treated like shit... Alright cocktails might be very good, I don't know I haven't try them.
AMAZING. Expensive but worth every penny. The drinks are works of art and very strong and the atmosphere is sexy and decadent. I recommend making a reservation for a Sunday, Monday or Tuesday night. A friend and I came here on a Monday and had a fantastic time. The bourbon and absinthe cocktail will change your life. If you do not bring a date here, you are a fool!
I hate to give a place that is so cool three stars. But alas, I must. Drinks: there was too much going on, and the ones we had were mediocre. Too much alcohol. Ambience: definitely cool and speakeasy-chic. Service: weird. apparently we were sitting at the only table without table service.
I am old. I am now thirty. I feel in my old age, I should dispense some wisdom to the young. Yes. You 23 year old whippersnappers. Find places you like. Places you're comfortable in. Hopefully, places that are chic, cool, or interesting. Because that's who you want to be. That's what you're looking to project. Again. I cannot help but reiterate. A place that makes you look like you belong. You're looking for home field advantage. Like I said with the suit, doesn't fucking matter if it's the greatest bar on earth, if you don't feel like you belong, well shit. You don't. And everyone will pick up on that. I'd tell you my joints, but go fucking find your own. Here are a couple places I'd recommend - Apotheke, Angel's Share, Stout's. Rdv, 230 Fifth, Aqua. Not my places, but places I've liked. Like I said. Find the place that feels like home. This is my home. This is where I go to feel at home away from home. I've brought all sorts of people here - friends, family, colleagues, clients, and innumerable dates. Raines Law Room always leaves a great impression, to everyone. The drinks are always excellent, the ambience is quiet but with enough background buzz, and the place always feels exclusive - like someone's private guestroom. I can't recommend it more. The staff is fantastic, and the drinks are absolutely brilliant. I've never had to wait long, and they always call you promptly. This is the bar that makes me feel like I've done okay in life.
I should have been born in another era, and this place speaks of it. The back yard outside area is great and the actual drinks and treats are quality. I am not the drink connoisseur, but the staff was really informative and helped me pick a great drink! Definitely recommend it!!
Great cocktails, standing in the back kitchen you can feel the fresh fruit vapors in the air and see them at work. Like being in someone's kitchen at a house party.
Not even a mouse could deter the amount of affection I have gained from my first experience at Raines Law Room. Raines Law Room is one of those classy, expensive, sexy, mixology and speakeasy influenced bars -I think I'm having déjà vu with this description- that reminds you why being single in this city can be so exhilarating and downright naughty... in a completely metaphorical sense, of course. Take note, I could have a secret session with a sexy Sicilian Cobbler [1] and then decide at a moments notice to engage in A French Affair [2] near the Champs d'Elysses [3]. And since I'm already there, I could definitely partake in a ménage à trois with an American Trilogy [4] including yours truly. Ooh La La. Then after another round of some Hanky Panky [5], I can either stick with that or move on to Rome (With A View) [6] no less and partake in even more debauchery... ....Or, I could just go to London and have a go with Rickey from the South Side [7]. He always knows how to cheer me up. Obviously I took these drink names a little too much out of context but hey, somebody had to do it. These libations are just too damn sexy! Oh and I admit I don't know what the difference is between serving a drink up or serving it down but either way, up or down, I am MORE than satisfied. And regarding the mouse, I mean, I seriously can't blame the mouse for wanting to be in this Room. Alcoholism affects all walks of life and at least he has good taste which is better than I can say for most of the people I know on Yelp. He could have decided to hole up at Bar None... now that would have been tragic. Absolutely tragic. If I'm feeling promiscuous with my liquor, catch me at Raines Law Room sitting back in one of their delectable sofa chairs and looking pretty surrounded by other classy New Yorkers. Oh and please cut me off after four drinks... I love me some quality but my wallet is going to be stripped bared if I continue with this sinful behavior. --------------------------------------------------­----------------------------- Disclaimer: Yes, I copied Matteo R.'s style. [1] Sicilian Cobbler: Caprari Lambrusco Frizzante, Campari, Muddled Blood Orange & Lemon. Served over crushed ice. [2] French Affair:  Hennessy Cognac, Yellow Chartreuse, Simple Syrup, Muddled Strawberry, and Lemon Juice. Served over crushed ice. [3]  Champs d'Elysses: I think it was too drunk at this point. I don't remember what was in it nor did I write it down. C'est la vie! [4] American Trilogy: Laird's 7.5-yr Apple Brandy, Rittenhouse Bonded Rye Whiskey, Demerara Sugar Cube, Orange Bitters. Built in a glass with a block of ice. [5] Hanky Panky: Beefeater Gin, Carpano Antica, Sweet Vermouth, Fernet Branca. Stirred and served up. [6] Rome (With a View): Campari, Dolin Dry Vermouth, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup & Club Soda. Shaked & served down. [7] South Side Rickey: Beefeater Gin, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, Fresh Mint & Club Soda. Shaken & served down.
I'm a little obsessed with speakeasys so Raines has been on my list for a while and it lived up to and quite honestly, exceeded my expectations. I. love. this. place. I was a little (very) excited so I forgot to knock - and was called out on it by my date - but once we got inside I realized why they monitor that door. The ambiance washes over and suddenly, you're transported to another era, that once-upon-a-time when alcohol was forbidden, making it dangerous, which, of course, makes it sexy. The cocktails are carefully crafted and cared for in the adorable kitchen/bar in the back, where we waited before we were led to our booth, facing another couple, which was entertaining. This place is not for the prude at heart. So, if you're in New York and you want something truly unique and intimate, let Raines take the reins, and surrender to its saucy seduction.
This is my spot for a casual Monday night.  Or Tuesday, Wednesday, ... any night, really.  Whether you're with a friend you just made or an old college buddy, you can't go wrong with Raines. The place is taken straight out of the Prohibition era in every respect, from the dappily-dressed greeter at the door to the plush furniture and centuries-old-looking bookshelves and jazzy, bluesy soundtracks.  Walk towards the bar in the back and you get to see the bartenders artfully showcasing their craft.  Both the process and end product are beautiful.
i went to this place at the suggestion of my boyfriend- at first we couldn't find the place as there is no sign. we finally found it and rang the bell... the place was really cute inside and intimate. it wasn't too crowded but it was a sunday nite so ... the bar area was so interesting as it wasn't really a bar.  it looked like a kitchen in someone's home. you stood on one side of the island and ordered drinks and they made them at the sink- a very nice sink of course. great wine-  great service!!
EXCELLENT COCKTAILS! Try the Crimson Fix, trust me.. A bit on the pricey side but totally worth it. The staff are super knowledgeable about their drinks, you can pretty much ask them any question and they can tell you where its from and what it will taste like descriptively. The biggest selling point for this place is definitely the ambiance. The room is so 1920s with the whole back story to Raines Law Room making you feel like you've been dropped back into the Prohibition. I think me and my friend could have quite happily moved in! And with this place only a 5 minute walk from my work, I think I may even become a regular. Cheers!
Great cocktails, amazing ambiance and a staff that world class! Just that simple.
I visited  with a friend this Tuesday before 6 pm, was polite to the hostess, and nicely dressed. I left after almost two hours because the hostess left us to wait at the bar and was not able to find a table for us. We were the first people waiting at the bar for a table, so this shouldn't have been hard to do. When I politely followed up, she was barely polite to me/short with me, which I don't appreciate, and cut me off mid-sentence while she welcomed guests who were walking through the door. I (now) understand that Raines takes reservations on Sundays, Mondays, and Tuesdays, and of course guests with reservations take precedence, but when I visited, it was a cold rainy day and there were a couple empty tables during the entire two hours that I was waiting at the bar. I would say maybe the hostess was just having an off day, but I just read a recent review from someone who had had a similar experience. It's such a shame because I otherwise love this place! The drinks are fabulous, and the rest of the staff is wonderful, and the ambiance is nice.
Tried to go last night but was met by a very rude woman working the door.  We didn't take it too personally- she was equally short and rude with everyone.  She literally closed the door in our face when she found out we didn't have a reservation.  When other patrons showed up w/o a reservation she offered to take their number and call them and my friend and I reminded her that actually we had been there first.  So she took our number but at that point I had already made up my mind that I wasn't going to spend my money at a place that treated customers like crap.  As much as I'd like to try one of their cocktails, I tend to take my dollars to places with good customer service and welcoming workers.  Quite honestly, the nicest places I've been to in the city are not about "status" or being rude to potential customers to prove how important (they think) they are.  And I'm not going to stand and wait on a crappy street for the possibility of being let in later in the night.  If you are one of those people, you'll love this place!  Next time I'll head straight to the Flatiron Lounge instead.  Raines did end up calling us about 30 minutes later to tell us that a table had opened up.  We said thanks but no thanks.
An hour wait on a Thursday night at 11? OK, I know your hard-to-get tricks, here's my mobile, call me from your "private number". I prefer coming here with one other person or at most two-- I like the club chairs, because I usually enjoy my friends' company and I want to hear them when we talk. Standing in the kitchen's okay, but if I want to stand, why did I wait for an hour; and, for the gauzy-curtained rooms, I've only sat there once and observing people's dates was enough self abuse for the year. The drink list has cocktails for every taste, and all of it is good. I like the Gold  Rush (bourbon, lemon, honey). I don't really know what else to say but now that I think more about it, obviously this place is grotesque and you should never come.
Really enjoyed coming here the other night. Very cozy, interesting drink list, and free popcorn! The one downside was that a server took our drink before we were done, but she brought us a shot to make up for it. Nice.
I am very hesitant to say how good this place is for fear that it becomes overrun like every good spot becomes, but Raines is so good I can't hold back. Simply, Raines is my new favorite lounge in NYC; I just hope that it remains this way for more than a NY minute.
Among the best cocktails in the Flatiron District.
Great speakeasy. The front door is very nondescript, so if you're not paying attention, you'll walk right by it. Just knock on the door and somebody will answer. Once we were inside, the lighting was dark, the couches were plush, and the alcohol was flowing. Service was fantastic as the waitress would come within 30 seconds of us ringing the bell/light on the wall next to our couch. Sunday was definitely slower compared to the other reviewer's experiences. It's way more relaxed with no wait.
Nice place to go if you want something a little different.  It was nice to be able to hear the rest of my group and have room to walk around -- not something you find in most bars.  The actually have private booths with little switches on the walls to call over your bartender.  Nice touch.
This speakeasy is top of my list. The atmosphere was amazing as well as the drinks. Might have tried 3 different ones and they were all delicious! MUST GO!
TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Host not very welcoming. We were told there was a waitlist so the host (who is very passive and cold) took our cell number and said he's call. Within 30 mins he called and told us to come down. We arrived assuming he had a table ready. To our surprise that is not how their system works. We were told to order a drink at the bar while we were made wait for our table. With no where to sit (They don't have bar stools) we were told by a waitress who noticed our disappointment that we could head outside to the intimate pretty garden. We chilled out there but were asked three times to leave the garden after 20mins there because they were "closing" the garden. We left and were expected to stand again and notice an hour later that the entrance door to the garden was still open.... We were finally seated at a shared table with another couple. We were told it wwas a temporary table and that after that we may be shifted back to the bar again before finally being seated at our table.... The bar had maximum 20 people in it throughout the night so it was in no way crowded... The other couple had a bowl of popcorn so I asked for some and the waiter reluctantly brought some. Cocktails were better than a standard bar cocktail, I loved the one with champagne, cinnamon apple... But the other one I tried called the pimms cup was very mediocre.... The decor is modern and an attempt at luxurious lounge with black and white plush carpet.The staff are so rude and unfriendly and try much too hard to make the place seem exclusive, snooty and highly in demand with a "long" waitlist. Tthey let me and my friend and half the clientele in there indressed in ordinary clothes. Two tables were empty  the entire time we were there despite being told that reservations were cancelled if the client was more than 15minutes late.... I would definitely not return. I have been to much better speakeasys in nyc with top quality service, amazing cocktails and nice atmosphere... I would recommend Dutch Kills or PDT instead.
There are many mixologists in town, but I would wager that the best in town work at Raines - here's why: To start, they have a simple email reservation system, and they take reservations far in advance.  The response time for two emails from me were both under 2 hours, which was a nice touch. VIBE - This is not my favorite because of some of their allowances.  I don't like getting dressed up to go to a nice spot and then see a guy in a sweaty t-shirt and hooded sweatshirt walk in.  That's a little off-putting, hence my 4.  I personally think it's embarrassing to go to a place where you are dressed lower than the level of the service staff. DECOR - The seating is arranged like a parlor - great for decor, not so great for practicality.  There are mini tables and you will most likely share intimate space with another group, which is awkward.  The furniture is plush and elegant, and the lighting is dimmed to the right degree.   DRINKS - THESE are why Raines is my current favorite speakeasy.  If you're whiskey-loving spice aficionada like I am, you would love the Kentucky Buck Fifty with it's spicy dusting of red pepper on the rim.  I also enjoyed the Dulcea (coffee and cream, but without actual cream) and the Champagne Cobbler.  All were winners in my book. Overall: This place is easy to find, easy to reserve a spot for, and you will most certainly drink some of the best concoctions on the west side.
Knowing people who knows people can be a good thing. As we were debating where to go our friend suggested Raines Law Room, it took no reservations and could only get in if you knew someone. A call to the owner he arranged a table for us, how sweet! Knocking on the door the staff warmly welcome us and a loungey 4-seater awaited us. Raines Law Room served pre-prohibition cocktail the lounge/bar room was very cozy and relaxing it was dimly lit with seating in the front and a bar in the back where the mixology happened. I had a mami taylor it was not as strong as I hope but it was very enjoyable with the great company!
This place tears me apart. The drinks are incredible, the bartenders are amazing. The atmosphere is perfect. I would love to come here more often, but I just can't, and that's because of two experiences here where the service was apalling. Firstly, we couldn't get the attention of a server to save our lives. We were ignored for periods of fifteen-twenty minutes. Like, 15 minutes after the  light was turned on. fifteen minutes of asking "can you help us" and then never returning with so much as a menu. Its not as if there's so many tables its hard to ignore them. a second time we stopped by to get a table. he told us to come back and he'd have a table ready. He called us to let us know when it was ready. we ring the bell, he says "just a moment." at that moment another group came in front of us, a friend of the doorman perhaps? but came in and took the table which the doorman said was ours no less than a minute ago. I guess he had the courtesy to at least let us in at this point, but he was rude when asked why an hour ago you had a table ready for us at that moment, and now there's not going to be one for another hour. I know, this is one of those rambling stories that you're likely to ignore in light of the other twenty rave reviews- so be it- I'm just being honest here. I mean, you don't have to do much if you're a server/doorman here. The drinks/atmosphere win on their own, but just be up front, honest, and attentive. I ask very little, really. so, I waited to write this until I had gone back again, so based on two consecutive bad service experiences on different nights, I write my cautionary tale. I want to love this place, but I felt as if I was treated very poorly both times. btw, the seating areas are awesome, but if you do go here, make sure you get to spend sometime in the kitchen area. Seriously.
perfect, sexy, dark, intimate date spot.  go early or go late on nights they don't take reservations, or you'll find yourself waiting around for a long while.  delicious cocktails.  i will be back.
Prohibition?! I can't imagine being forced to live on only food and water! Very discrete, I've passed this door countless times within the past five years and always wondered why so many people were coming out of this one persons basement apartment. Wonder no more! This place is swanky! I was caught of guard after I rang the door bell. She opened the door just a crack and waited. I thought there was a password. So I gave her my "oops, I farted" face (that's the face I give when someone catches me off guard). That was all worth it when we walked in. We stayed at the bar because I love watching the bartenders skillfully mix the drinks with a spritz here, a squeeze of the orange zest, and an array of bitters. It's unlike the mindlessness of pouring vodka and soda together in a cup. Whenever I go to a speakeasy, I always ask the bartenders to surprise me with their favorite drinks on the menu. I'm never disappointed. They know the menu inside and out, so why not add a little suspense into the experience as well? Last words: The drinks range from $10-$20, and I think the experience and tastefulness is worth every cent. Raines Law Room is an impressive date spot or a place to enjoy your drink without the intent of making out with someone or something in the bathroom.
I have been to Raines Law Room a number of times. The Flatiron speakeasy that opened end of January, 2009 might be my favorite bar above 14th Street. The kitchen features a large island where customers can watch the bartenders work their magic. Since I have tried nearly every gin cocktail on the menu, I chatted up the bartender/mixologist for a recommendation. We were seated at a yellow couch near the entrance. The waitress brought our drinks minutes later. Typically, the drinks are served with popcorn, but my evening companion ordered a cheese and olive tray for us instead. I was expecting something slightly fancier than what we received; 2 different kinds of olives served with sharp cheddar cubes. For the price, it was very disappointing. On the other hand, my drink was fantastic. It always is. I have no idea what it was called but know it contained blackberries and gin. I was very impressed. I do not recall what my companion ordered but suspect it contained vodka. He was quite pleased as well. Pluses: EVERYTHING (see host with French accent; knowledgeable bartenders; doorbell entrance; open kitchen; dressing room bathroom with sliding door; cozy Harvard Law School décor; chill atmosphere; background jazz music, etc.) Minuses: Olive tray; pricey. I recommend going to Raines Law Room now. Stop reading and go. It opens at 6pm. If it is before 6pm, go stand in front of the door and wait. If it is packed, put your name on the list. The host will call you. I promise. He has my number memorized. Maybe. Probably. If you are a tourist looking for a nice speakeasy, Raines Law Room is it. Trust me on this one. You will have better luck of getting in than some of the city's more popular speakeasies. Just don't go when I want to go; I don't like waiting.
Really fun little speakeasy. You book reservations by email, so it's practical to go for situations where waiting isn't an option. Feeling is very comfortable with overstuffed furniture, not too crowded and dark, tasteful colors. Chairs are comfortable and wait staff is summoned by a button on the wall, which is nice (although easily forgotten -lol). Lots of interesting mixed drinks. Great place for romantic couple of a few friends that want to chat.
I took my boyfriend to Raines Law Room for the cocktail class with one of the bartenders, Lauren. The class is offerred the first Sunday of every month and can have up to 10 people in it. No one else signed up for the class we took, so we actually got a private lesson! It started off with a "welcome drink" which was a fruity/elderflower cocktail and was really refreshing. Then Lauren poured us 4 little glasses of rum, bourbon, scotch, and gin, and taught us the proper way to taste them and how to describe the tastes. It was really interesting and fun. We were also given a little bowl of delicious caramel popcorn! We also did a cute ice breaker which involved telling our hangover cure, and our favorite drink we've ever had. From here we moved out of the couch area and into the bar area where everything was set up for us to begin making our own! There was also a tray set up of olives, cheese, and meat, which was delicious. Lauren gave us a little history of cocktails first and then we moved on to learning how to shake drinks (we used water first). Then we used the shaking skills and made this really good blood orange cocktail that we had to muddle and shake, so we learned those skills. Following this, we learned how to stir (using water first again) and then we each made a drink that had to be stirred. My boyfriend made a manhattan and I made something else because I don't like manhattans. My drink had an absynthe rinse, which was cool to learn how to do. Both were delicious! At this point, on our third cocktail of the day, we went back to the couch area and sat and drank and talked for a little while. We also were given menus and picked out any drink we wanted to make from it. I chose a spicy tequila drink, and my boyfriend actually named some flavors he likes and made one not on the menu. I got to use this jalapeno infused simple syrup and tequila in mine, which was awesome. Overall, the experience was FANTASTIC. Lauren was so nice and knowledgable and the class was so much fun. Also, the price is not high at all when you consider that you are getting 4 cocktails, 4 tastings, some snacks, and the lesson. I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in making cocktails!
Overview: For delicious cocktails and intimate experience, this is your place. Drinks: The cocktails are relatively expensive, HOWEVER they are very strong, unique, and delicious. The mixologists are very well trained and can make some very interesting drinks (I got a manhattan-like drink with aquavit... Very unique but very well done). Atmosphere / Experience: This is truly a wonderful experience from the second you arrive at the door. Though you should expect a wait on certain nights, they handle it well. You simply need to put down your number and they will call you. (Sometimes they will even let you skip ahead of other parties too if you are polite). You can also make reservations for off nights. When you enter you are seated in your own private area and surrounded by beautiful old time decor. You will presented with a drink menu and instructed to ring your table's "doorbell" when you are ready. Though it does not seem like a dress code is officially enforced I have gone both times in a suit and invite you to wear similarly formal attire as it will help keep the experience that much more enjoyable.
I can't even begin to explain my obsession with this place.  If you could pick a drinking establishment to be your final resting place Raines would be my choice. If you are looking for a decadent, fancy but inviting and comrotable place to take a small group of friends I highly suggest Raines.  I don't know if it's great for dates since it can get a little loud when it's full. The kitchen is beautiful and the cocktails are like drinking a story from when times were more elaborate and refined.  You can taste the love that goes into creating each cocktail. I like to sit at the booths near the kitchen to watch the masters at work.  Everything at Raines is well thought out and highly detailed all the way down to the wallpaper...don't forget to take a peep.
They're sexy and they know it. The wallpaper is super sexy yet classy. But please don't stare at the wallpaper, people will think you are a pervert. If you have bad eyesight like I do, wait until you go to the bathroom, you can check out the wallpaper more close up. Have fun. The bar is all the way in the back in a beautiful kitchen setting. Standing next to the bar, you can smell all kind of citrusy smell from the garnishes. It can't get any sexier than that, now can it? Despite the fancy look, the staffs are very laid back, polite, friendly and attentive. An intimate setting with dividing curtains, service bells and comfortable couches, perfect spot for a romantic date. Water and delicious popcorn were brought to our table immediately after we got seated. I'm loving this place because they play jazz music like Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra, Louis Armstrong. Nothing is SEXIER than sipping delicious cocktail, munching sweet buttery popcorn and listening to some jazzy music in the background. Jk (I was trying to go with the sexy theme here) Drinks Madame George: light and refreshing Amber Old-fashioned: strong and interesting Gold Rush: lemony with a hint of honey
All right, everyone. I've been around great classic cocktail rooms on both coasts for years. I'm a trained mixologist, having studied under Dale DeGroff, Wondrich, and the whole BAR crew. Raines absolutely knocked it out of the park. Ambiance - one of the best rooms I've been in either here or abroad. Gorgeous. I'm thinking of some of the elite spaces I've seen tucked way in Paris with a distinct NYC vibe. My date was completely taken with it. David greeted us at the door. He was refined, confident, polite - sets a perfect tone. The head bartender that night, whose name escapes me, was also a total gentleman - and talented. It's great to bring a date in and be treated so well in a setting like this. Drinks were incredible: Amber Old Fashioned, Ragtime, Gold Rush - some of them served with the classic solid block of ice which dilutes much slower than the smaller cubes you get most places, preserving the integrity of the drink. And get the cheese and olive selection to go with it. Can't say enough. So well done over there.
Great speakeasy.   Process: Get there, leave your number, come back when called.   Our waiting time on a Tuesday night at 9pm was about 45 minutes (enough time to grab a quick bite).  Once we got inside, head to the bar in the back while you wait to be seated.  The mixologists have some very interesting drinks, which my friends had, but I went for a single malt.  I think Ardbeg was all they had but still very nice. Seats are comfortable and the atmosphere is very classy.  You'll enjoy this place.
Love love love this place.  Reasons why: great space; closely-monitored crowd control; porn-inspired bathroom wallpaper; and the best service I've had at any bar/restaurant in recent memory.  I wish I remembered her name...but our server, clad in an adorable vintage floral dress, was the most helpful, sweet server ever.  I will definitely be back.   Oh, and the cocktails were amazing too.  I recommend the Transatlantic.
in the kitchen, in the velvet or leather sofa or better in the garden (when the weather is right), this is the place to enjoy with your lover or significant other, a glass of champagne or a sophisticated cocktail. This place focus on the drink and the "speakeasy still" ambiance (when full the place can be loud).  If you want to see the mixologists, stay in the kitchen. Not easy to secure a seat, but the european (belgian) door keeper will always try to accommodate you, if you show up with the good vibe. Not for students, this is a grow up place.
Visited here on a Friday night at around 1:30am. We had stopped by earlier and left our name on the list. The space is very dimly lit, in a cozy way. You are seated in cabana-like areas, which are shrouded by light curtains. The drinks are organized in groups of five or six around certain themes. One neat feature is that you can pull a metal cord that illuminates a light indicating you'd like to see the waiter - much like on an airplane for the stewardess. The drinks were fantastic in that they were meticulously planned and executed. If you visit, you cannot go wrong whether you order an old standard or get exotic. My one complaint is that (at least where we were sitting) it was so dim that we had trouble reading the drink list without our cell phones, and the small table was barely large enough to set down our drinks. Also, since we were a party of three, we shared the cabana with a couple sitting across from us - I could envision situations where this could be awkward.
RLR just opened so stopped in a few nights ago with the gf to give it a go.  It was overall decent, but a few things stuck out: -first, it seems like the speakeasy genre is gaining momentum and they did a better than average job with it, from the non-descript entryway to the host opening the door just enough to peek out and size you up to the living room-esque atmosphere... -the drinks were fine, olive plate was the only food and a bit pricey for a few shavings of cheese and a small dish of olives, but it's the novelty... -when the host told us at the door that the only available space was in the kitchen, we didn't think he meant 'between the dishwasher and the sink' - we were thinking more along the lines of 'in the back, maybe on a stool by a prep area' - but nope, we were standing in the kitchen with the staff while they did their thing.  They were friendly but it was awkward, luckily a table opened up before we ditched -service is fine, once you realize you buzz when you want something - the staff won't intrude on your area without being asked, which is nice -couches and chairs and comfortable and you have a reasonable amount of privacy which makes the scene, but there's not much room so get there early, or wait somewhere else until they call you, i don't recommend the kitchen option I'd go back, it was good, but it's best with about 5-7 people when you can fill a pair of couches and have time to lounge.
Pretentious and annoying.  Wouldn't let me take pictures with my friends even though we spent $200 on overpriced drinks. The only thing Raines Law Room has going for it as that it is pretty. I went into the bar (which looked like a gorgeous kitchen) and has some tasty, overpriced drinks.  Then my friends and I sat down at a booth where we ordered more drinks from a waitress that couldn't care less about us. When my friend tried to take a picture of us, the waitress chastised us and said that no flash photography was allowed in the bar because it would -FADE THE WALLPAPER-. el oh el. They think the place is the Sistine Chapel?  I looked around but there was no million dollar pieces of art hanging anywhere.  If you don't want flash photography, then just say so. Don't insult my intelligence and try to make yourself look as pretentious as possible by saying the flash will "fade the wallpaper" - give me a fkn break.
I'm a fan. I'm a huge fan. I just wish I went here on an intimate date with a hot businessman from London instead of friends. #oddlyspecific ;) We came here around 1 am with a group of five and had a great time. It's intimate, cozy, with a cute patio at the back. What I like about the place is the authenticity and detail of it all. It truly is a speakeasy. What's great as well are the drinks. They are a little bit on the pricier end but they are tasty treats for every thirsty kind of palate. Come here with a close group of friends you can really have a great conversation or an intimate kind of date. You won't really get to interact with anyone else because of the setup of the tables, which is why I will take one star off. I like to get my flirt on #whereisthathotbritishman?! Anyway, that's my review. I got the garden Paloma. I don't drink tequila normally but it was an amazing drink. I highly recommend it to anyone that likes jalapeño in their drink. :)
This place is a perfect date spot... that is if you are ready to spend a few hours with this date. You walk up to a door, ring the bell, are greeted by a very serious doorman who tells you that the wait is going to be a bajillion hours because they are just that cool, then proceed across the street to grab drinks at a more low-key bar before finally making your way back to Raines and crossing your fingers that your wait is finally over. The space is small but tastefully decorated with dim lighting and big comfy couches/chairs (think your typical speakeasy). The bartenders are in the back at a bar that looks like a kitchen counter and serve up creative mixed drinks - I had the Ragtime and quite enjoyed it but the overall experience is definitely one to be had.
I love this place. It's a bit campy in its approach to the speakeasy experience but it works and they are nailing it. The drinks are perfect. I know nearly nothing about alcohol but this I know. Absolute elixirs and excellently crafted cocktails! Super sexy...
It's not a big place so definitely try to get reservations. Walking up to the place might be hard to find, but once you find it just ring the doorbell and someone will come get you. Inside is nice and lit and very romantic. Good spot for a date if you want to get to know one another.
I love this place.  First off, a few warnings.  Sometimes you won't get in (weekends between 9 and 11 are usually a no-go).  This place can be hard to find if you don't know where to look.  And sometimes, the door guy can be a douche (not to me, but he was to other guests -- and once to a friend of mine). The place is comfy (velour couches -- a HUGE plus), curtains that you can draw to make your booth experience a bit more intimate.  Sometimes, they have bacon popcorn.  They play awesome music.  This place is just sultry. Raines has my ABSOLUTE favorite drink in the city.  Hands down.  Just make sure to request a "spicy" Julio's Cup.  You will get the most amazing spicy refreshing drink in the history of bacchanalia.  It's tequila (mmmmm), fresh cucumbers, and jalapeno with some salt and pepper sprinkled over the ice.  It's the nectar of the gods.  I swear.
This is definitely a cool place with 'speakeasy' decor and the drinks although pricey were very good, but, I beg to differ with most of the yelpers because of a profoundly bad attitude by everyone of the staff encountered. First the scene at the door where your are greeted by a pencil thinned mustachioed character with a continental accent who does his best to discourage you from entering (except when the place is empty). I saw this Hans and Franz dude turn away a few people ahead of me  and told them to come back in an hour or two. When I reached the door and said that I was meeting some friends who were already inside, Monsieur Hanz/or Franz did his best to be unwelcoming and told my friends they were wrong to invite someone to come along after they arrived. He said he would see what he could do (LOL) and  after some unnecessary negotiating(not very funny) I was allowed in, only to be lead to a not entirely full stand-up bar in the back of the place.  I get the sham of being "admitted" into the place but this was ridiculous.  At the bar, the bar man was very officious and came off with a phony attitude as he explained the extensive drink menu and the great care the place takes to give you a mega cube of perfectly clear ice in your drink. The bar women was totally disengaged  and we felt totally unwelcome  as she mixed our drinks as if it was a privilege to imbibe their $15 buck cocktails. Great atmosphere sure, fun place if you make it so,but,so is the Blarney Stone at $5 bucks a glass.
WOW. I was brought here by friends, and I didn't want to leave. The ambiance was intimate and comfortable. The staff and service were exemplary; they were so knowledgeable about their offerings. I enjoyed describing my drink preferences, and being allowed to order custom drinks that were not on the current menu. I had two cocktails; each included muddled fresh berries. They were delicious. The popcorn paired well with the drinks, and I highly recommend ordering the box of their hand made chocolates. Raines might be my favorite place for cocktails in Manhattan. Just be sure to allow a while to be seated.
Tasteful, dim lighting, unique. You are allocated to your own area (velvet couches or a spot near the door) after arranging for a table with the door man. Once you've got your spot you'll be taken care of well. Smart cocktails from what feels like someone's kitchen (you're welcome to go through and visit). Less than obvious tricks like the silent (but lit) doorbell next to your table when you need service. Mind the wallpaper in the restroom as well as the good behavior rules for this establishment (no flash photography, no photos of someone you don't know etc.). Went once with an out of town guest. It had a nice novelty to it and I'd probably save it for the next New York tour I'm taking someone on.
Excellent place to grab a drink. It will require a bit of planning, as it's not a huge place and they want everyone to be comfortable, so you won't get in until there's room. Still, they will take your number and call you when a table's ready, so that's what we did and awaited our spot at the delicious Boqueria nearby. When we finally did get in (about 40 mins) I was happy we stuck around. The room is tastefully done and there's lots of comfortable couches to sit on. We decided to chill in the back next to the lovely lady bartenders; they listened to our preferences and suggested a couple terrific drinks. The crowd by the bar was very friendly too and we make some quick and easy friends with the other patrons who loved their drinks as much as we loved ours.
Great speakeasy style bar in Flatiron. Came on a Monday night with two friends and was let in immediately. The space is cozy and intimate. Their whiskey selection and cocktail menu is amazing! Our bartender whipped up several lovely whiskey based drinks for us. I judge a good cocktail bar by it's ice and Raines did not disappoint. They gave us giant, clear, solid blocks of ice in each drink. The waitresses are pretty attentive and I love that they brought us water right when we sat down. Cocktails will set you back about $15 each but that's to be expected for any specialty cocktail bar in the city. I love that I don't have to go all the way down to east village to get a great cocktail- esp on the weekdays. I would avoid coming here with large groups or on Fri/Sat nights since they wait can get atrocious.
Raines Law Room is definitely one of, if not, my favorite cocktail bar in NYC. Dark, sexy, accommodating & the bartenders definitely know what they're doing. Classy. Good music. Great ambiance. Love the flow -- get a drink in "the kitchen" while waiting for a seat in "the lounge". There's certainly an exclusivity factor at play which is what makes it one of those must-visit places. Note that there can be a significant wait on a Friday or Saturday evening so either plan to arrive early or have dinner while you wait. My go-to: Andean Dusk. I also enjoy the Bramble and Champs Elysees. The complementary kettlecorn popcorn is absolutely appreciated. Love this place!
Quick wait, nice. Could use more AC.
Went here on a sunday night around 10:30 pm. We rang the doorbell but no one answered until we knocked the door and people were exiting. We were told a 20-30 minute wait but it ended up being 40 minutes, which was unexpected. Needless to say, I was somewhat grumpy at this point but I had heard great things about Raines. The guy at the door, Chris, was pretty cool and noticed the masks we were carrying were from Sleep No More. The two of us were seated on two sofas that were more suited for a party of four. I was surprised at the amount of empty space there was since we had waited so long. I guess they want to ensure a comfortable experience for all but it was frustrating to see how inefficient they were about using their space. For drinks, we got the Pom Collins and the Kentucky Buck Fifty. The Pom Collins was refreshing and fruity but nothing special. My companion enjoyed the kentucky, although I thought it was way too strong. The ambiance of the bar was really cool and you have to press a bell to get service. I wish you could see the drinks getting made but this is not possible since the bar is behind the seating area. Overall I wasn't too impressed with Raines and would prefer Angel's share or please don't tell to fulfill my speakeasy needs.
Ok. So you have to know what to expect when you come here. The novelty in itself makes it worth a visit. I was meeting friends, and I missed the memo on the hidden entrance effect this place has going on.   I stood in front of the building for about 10 minutes confused about the address, when I finally seen a group of women, dressed up, walk down the dark stairs and to be escorted in. I followed behind and asked the hunky suited gentleman at the door if this was Raines, and realized I was there the whole time. I loved that he took my coat like a gentleman, and escorted me to the sofa my girlfriends were seated at. I seriously felt like I had been transported back to the 20's. They offer a fun, old style cocktail menu consistent with the 20's theme, a bit pricey.   The lounge is reminiscent of a living room in an old style mansion, except imagine it in a basement. Dim lighting. No windows. Sofas and seating stations to accommodate multiple groups. Most people are speaking softly, sharply dressed, and some appear a bit pretentious. Overall, a fun experience, especially for a cocktail before dinner.
had drinks last night and this place is a great spot for a date, or relaxed drinks with friends.  beautifully designed and one of the better speakeasy's in NYC.   the drinks were very good and well made, I liked the gold rush and the old cuban the best. very laid back and classy at the same time.
Great place to stop by for a drink before dinner.  It was a beautiful warm Saturday afternoon with alittle breeze so we decided to sit out in their garden area.  You order your drinks at the bartenders' station, leave a credit card and then go out to the garden for your drinks to be served.  Any subsequent drinks have to be ordered at the bartenders' station which is an inconvenience.  Limited seating out in the garden - one 4-seat round table, 2 3-seat benches and 3 2-seat tables.  Seats inside look like comfortable leather loveseats/armchairs in a dark dining room - I think I would have fallen asleep there so glad we sat in the garden.  Good drinks - downed the Marie Antoinette in 10 seconds.  Had the Martinez next which was stronger so sipped that.  Hubby had the Midnight Stinger followed by the Three Penny Opera.
One of the coolest places I've been in the city. Amazing vibe, decor, and attitude. Check out the wallpaper in the bathrooms. Very friendly and helpful staff. The cocktails are phenomenal (though one would hope so given the prices), an all around great evening out.
Nice little place, cozy, good service and exquisite cocktails at average NYC prices (my top favorites in town!) I Was even proposed a cocktail off the list that suited my taste. Try to get there early if you want to have a chance to get in without too much wait! Highly recommended!
I have been looking for a place like this all my life. I was nearing a point where I would have redone my basement like this. Thankfully I found this place. Only thing I hope it stays a secret because I would hate to wait in a line outside. I entered just after 5 fearing a wait and when I got out there were a number of people waiting to get in. I'm not going to say much since the women who reviewed this place before me have said it all.
I'm trying to be careful with the doling out of the five stars, but this place deserves it. You can tell that the owners/management have been careful and thoughtful, and really put together the sort of drinking establishment where happily buzzed customers can cuddle up, order some snacks and escape the gritty Chelsea streets. Of course, the cocktail prices feel a little pre-tech bubble, but what the hell. I had "catch up" cocktails here on a Tuesday night with an old friend. We showed up at around 6:30 and had our choice of seats. The place filled up nicely as we sat and sipped the special cocktail of the day: The Argyll. This drink was SO yummy. A combo of scotch, champagne and something else? Maybe bitters? Sounds strange, but it was absolutely delicious and not too sweet. We never felt rushed or pressured to spend above and beyond our two drinks. The decor is inviting, sexy and definitely hip. Our server was a little strange -- kind of like she was new and nervous. But she was attentive. When we left about 2.5 hours later, a cool crowd of French 20-somethings had set up camp at one of the sofa/banquets near the bar. Hope the Euro crowd doesn't take this place over!
Speakeasy with amazing cocktail lists, and great atmosphere.  The little rooms provide enough privacy to actually have a conversation, and I love the little button you press to order your next drink!
Very nice ambiance in the Raines. We came on a Saturday around 8:30pm and we were immediately let in to the bar area, it took another 15-20min to get a table but hey that is basically 0 wait time. The drinks are quite spectacular and the variety is not disappointing. Remember though, 6 maximum in a party. And it is almost impossible to bring 6 down there at once anyways, prepare to wait like 1.5 to 2 hrs. Complementary kettle corn too! Good stuff.
Great drink selection and really professional staff.   Cool decor, a little more upscale and definatley not as pretentious as other "prohibition" bars.   I really like their snack selection too. Daddy likes to fill his belly with vodka.
Great first date spot where you are transported back in time while sipping on delicious specialty cocktails.  It's dark, cozy, and you get to pull on a little string attached to the wall to order drinks.  The cocktails were both creative and tasty; there is a wide variety, a little something for everyone.  I'm typically a beer drinker, but these specialty cocktails certainly hit the spot.  I'd love to go back and sit outside when it gets nicer.  Make a reservation, as space is limited, and it becomes very busy upon opening.
(900pm on a Tuesday night) Knock Knock! Door opens.... Do you have a reservation... no... Door closes.... one min later... door opens... 45 min to one hour wait to get in... We looked at each other... oh okay... it doesn't look busy... but okay I'll leave my name and phone number.... We will be back in an hour... Waiting...Waiting...Waiting A good hour passes... Waiting for the call... We decided to go back.... Knock knock...Oh it you again it will be a few minutes.... door closes... After 5 min... Finally get in... We were expecting a posh sultry  interior with substantive drinks.... Well prepare to be majorly disappointed. The lighting was dim.  The furniture horribly mismatched.  It was like they picked it off the streets. The wall color everything looked a little cheap and poorly constructed.  Almost felt like they picked up some unwanted furniture on the streets.  I wasn't feeling the prohibition vibe.  It just fell like a poorly designed and grungy speakeasy lounge.   Now for the drinks.  I have to say the three of us ordered two drinks each...  We each had a taste of each others drinks and none of us were impressed with each others drinks.  We did appreciate the complexity and depth of some of the more stronger drinks but I would say that I have had a much better experience/drinks elsewhere.
Very excited to have a neighborhood speakeasy here - just two blocks from where i live.  the small size means entry is never guaranteed (especially on weekends).  There may be some special # but I'm not cool enough to have it.  Anyway, highly recommended but on a weekend the door policy kind of sucks (but at least it seems fair, first come first serve and you only get in when a table opens).  Go on a Monday night.  Enjoy the great atmosphere, private areas, and the fact that nobody is standing. Excellent and unique mixed drinks.  I had the  amoxicillin.  Good chance you'll find me hear a few times a month.
Totally chill. Good for a date or other intimate encounter. Would only recommend to go with people you want to have real conversations with. This isn't the place to take your bar buddies; this is where you have an engaged discussion with your best friend about the direction you are taking in life. Staff are very friendly. Drinks are great but expensive.
Great place for a small get together or after dinner drinks. This speakeasy has luxe comfy couches with amazing cocktails and a great spirits menu. The dim lighting and quiet conversations make this a perfect place for a date.  If you go on the weekends, be sure to put your name down before anything else you do because it will likely be at least an hour wait to get in.
Love this bar. Went there on a Tue night with another girl. Was put on a waiting list, and got in after like 1 hr. Dark, quiet, and romantic inside. There are 10 tables and a bar in the back. Signature cocktails are cool! Very good for a first date, if you RSVP so you and your date wouldn't have to wait.
Intimate and romantic setting.  If you don't have a reservation, they'll make you wait - prob. 30 min. - even if there's room inside, just to maintain reputation and drive up anticipation.  I liked the backyard outdoor patio just as much as the plentiful and comfy seating inside.  Cool doorman who resembled Paul Bettany with some European accent.  (Swedish? Maybe German?)  Friendly bartenders.  Bigger (but still very intimate) and better than Please Don't Tell (which is basically just stools around a bar).
In general, I just don't like speakeasy drinks, but I do check them out with friends due to some curiosity and intrigue. We rang the bell and the guy said it was a 30 min wait.  I asked, could I just take a peek?  And he said sure.  The place wasn't even full, so you could just chill at the bar and sit outside on their patio, so score!  This place has a very homey vibe to it, and I did like the outdoors.  Drink prices weren't as bad as other speakeasies, either.
Want to feel more like a VIP than you probably are?  If you get "accommodated" here, that deed is done. The sultry ambiance and plush, velvety sofas are enough to make any girl want to slip on a flapper dress and use one of those long, slender cigarette holders (lit cigarette optional).  Maybe I'm confusing my '20s cultures, but you know what I mean.  It transports you to another time and place where it's okay to sip on too-expensive cocktails while feeling like a socialite in the comfort of your own (very expensive, wait-staffed) living room. Ring the bell, charm the maitre d', and get ready for a special night.  Especially if you check out the bathroom wallpaper. *Quick note to the love birds in Raines... please be aware that this may feel like your living room, but it is not nearly as private.  Skirt-hiking, ambitious groping, full-mouth Frenching, and straddling are best reserved for a real living room.  Thank you from all of us at the sofa across from you.
speakeasy atmosphere and friendly staff. drinks are expensive but well made and you never feel rushed to order more or drink quickly to make space for new patrons.  It's a nice place to have a leisurely drink or 2 and have a good conversation.
Possibly the coolest fuckin place ever! Well at least it felt that way at 12am and getting in. There are no password gimmicks and a reservation only policy (although do make one to increase your chances). If you know where it is and there's space for you inside, you and your friends are welcome. Stumbling down the block, it's almost impossible to find. I hadn't fully explained a speakeasy to our friends, so it was slightly amusing when they said, "You're looking in the wrong place, this is a law firm." After ringing the doorbell, we were let into the standing room bar area while we waited for a table. Servers aren't waved down here like any other establishment. Instead, you pull a string at each table, which lights up in the bar. Drinks are hand-crafted and STRONG. If you like speakeasys, you won't be disappointed!
My pal EB and I were supposed to see the Yankees play the A's, but the game was rained out so we decided we needed a cozy spot to drown our sorrows. Drinks are $13 a piece and made from only high end ingredients. Kyle was the mixologist on duty when we were in and that guy kicks ass. He made the best Manhattan I have ever had, and I have had my fair share. He also replaced gin with bourbon for me in one of his concoctions and that was even more amazing. This turned out to be a really fun evening even without baseball - I know it's hard to believe.
The most unpretentious and beautiful of the "speakeasy" city bars.  Drinks are good, maybe not GREAT but the service and atmosphere really make it fantastic.
I am beginning to really like these speakeasy themed lounges, especially the ones where you don't have to make a reservation, pay a cover or whisper a secret password. Raines Law Room is legit! The drinks are delicious and the service is spot on. They took care of us and adjusted drinks if it was too sour or not fruity enough. The atmosphere was relaxing and fun. It was a great hideaway from the rain outside. This is a must-go spot if you're visiting NYC!
Waitaminute:  the popcorn's not vegetarian???  I thought all popcorn was vegetarian.  Except for very obvious examples like the, ahem, bacon popcorn they serve at Spitzer's.  Drool.  But I digress. Great ambiance (amazing for a good makeout date), tasty drinks, snacks could be better although they're incredibly generous with the aforementioned popcorn.  Come visit before all the douchebags at Pegu Club discover it next month.
Lovely place! Amazing cocktails and sooooooo very pretty inside. The back garden is neat too!
Raines is so sexy, so superior and so perfectly divine that I'll go ahead give it an "as good as it gets!" Down beneath the street on 17th, knock knock on the door and ask the gentleman who answers if you may enter. And enter you will if you don't come during peak drinking time. Inside is a warm, cozy, intimate lounge bedecked with antique accoutrements, subtly erotic wallpaper, intimate private booths and soft glowing light. The menu is simply beautiful; full of inventive and delicious cocktails ranging from the tall & fizzy, stirred and potent, short & shaken and even just straight up high quality booze. Favorites include but are not limited to the Gold Rush, Fort Knox and American Trilogy. I like bourbon and they sure know how to use it. Paired with these potent palate pleasers is a cup of dreamy truffle popcorn, which I can never seem to get enough of. It's truly an intoxicating experience in every sense, and one that I hope to repeat regularly.
I really didn't want to give this place 5 stars... but there was just nothing I could criticize about it. After being greeted by the door guy (who was wearing suspenders)  I immediately turned to my partner in crime and whispered, "Am I really drunk, or was that just mother effin Jay Gatsby?"  She simply sighed and responded, "call me Daisy Buchanan." Yeah, sorry Leo, but I'm afraid you're not going to make the cut when your movie comes out. (Or maybe I'm still bitter bc I hate Baz Luhrmann & I don't think anyone can outdo Redford? But I digress). The mixologist can be Nick Carraway. He asked me what kind of drinks I like. I said, "vodka- not too sweet." He then replied, "do you like ginger?"  I said, "the spice? always--- the hair? if you call pull it off." And then he made me the most delicious drink out of my wildest dreams. Honestly, try as I might I know I'll never forget that ridiculously delicious drink.   I could drink one at breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday.  (You know, bc ginger is good for you...) After that, my best friend and I spent the rest of the night chatting away about anything our intoxicated little hearts and brains could come up with. It was perfect.
This place is atrocious. After coming a third time and finally being allowed entry, we were greeted by curt staff who pretended to be polite. The atmosphere was ruined by the rudeness of the management and staff - and most importantly, the drinks and liquour were horrible. Either find a new alcohol vendor or find more competent bartenders and polite staff before you market yourself as an exclusive speak-easy. This place is a joke.
I'm such a LOSER! I've been Living in NYC for over 15 years and never, EVER heard about this place until my Infamous friend Chunster and Rachella invited me for a nice COCKtail on a Saturday night. I couldn't find it thru Google map, but thanks to YELP I found the exact address with pictures of how this place kinda looks like. Next to Petite Abeille and no sings of the Place at all, just have to find the Door number.  Once you find it, you have to Buzz in and someone opens the door and ask if you had RSVP or if you know someone.  So basically it's kinda VIP / hidden Bar and either only regulars go in or you're not allow to go inside. Very dimmed lights and plenty of comfy seats.  Chunster is a regular @ this bar that he RSVP for a table, and I was HONORED to be able to join and experience this type of lifestyle.  Waitress handed us a menu and also to demonstrate if we need to call for assistance, there's a small handle to pull, a Button that will light up and waitress will come right to you.  CLASSY! little bit of music play in the background, a nice  selection of cocktails at a reasonable price (compare to Angel's share and Apotheke, it's a tad cheaper).  The mini kitchen is all the way on the back and also have extra space for people to hang out there and watch the bartender how they mix and prepare for each individual Drinks.  Strong drinks with a nice ambiance is a good combination to enjoy a night in the city. After a drink i have decided to check out the restroom (Ahem....YES, I had to go check it out). And as per your reviewers, I Looked at the wall papers, if they didn't say anything about wallpapers, I wouldn't have pay attention at all!.  Awesome artwork of different icons of "erotic positions" that you can get turn on inside the bathroom.  but WAIT... The wallpapers in the lounge does also HAVE THEM (but it's too dark to be able to notice it). Damn you why aren't you in downtown, I have to drag myself and take the train JUST to drink you!. PS...I heard they have a backyard too? I can't wait for summer to come!
Don't go.  Really.  And stop telling your friends about this place. Don't let them know that this is perfection in a cocktail. It can still be our secret.
Places to go in NYC if you worship the hidden bars . Death and Company, Please Don't Tell, Angel's Share, Mayahuel, Little Branch and Raine's Law Room. Raine's Law Room is my last destination of the special night out when I deserve good drinks. "French Affair" is what I always ended up with.
God, it's sexy in here. The couple sitting across from me clearly agreed, as they spent an entire hour...how do you say it...sucking face? I'm not in the habit of saying that, but it's really the only accurate euphemism. And please believe that I'm not hating; I might've done the same, but I was there for a business meeting and I don't think he and I were quite there yet. Either way, the ambiance certainly lends itself to romance. It's plush, demure, and dark enough that you can only read the cocktail menu if you bring it very close to the candles on each table. If you don't feel like straining your eyes, or if (like the majority of my friends) you can't read, don't fret. The waitress will happily recommend a drink based on your tastes and/or mood. In the mood for a lighter bourbon cocktail, I was brought the Gold Rush. The bourbon, honey and lemon concoction was excellent, although the enormous ice cube made me feel as though I has less actual drink than my counterparts. I can appreciate the slower dilution, but I finished it twice as fast as they worked through their cocktails. However, that could simply be a testament to its tastiness (and perhaps my own eagerness). I must admit the service was not as impeccable as I expect from an establishment where three drinks costs me upwards of $50. I had to ask for a glass of water to match my friends when I arrived, and it wasn't refilled once in the hour and a half I was there. The check was also delayed a bit longer than seems reasonable in a room so small. Thankfully, I was neither dying of thirst, nor in a rush. All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed the drinks and atmosphere, and I plan to return soon, and often.
Totally overrated! The multiple times I have been here i have never liked their service and not a fan of the man at the door. Don't like the wait outside... even when there are clearly tables/ seats available. No seats at the back of the bar... Just think there are so many other 'chiller' place in nyc. Just hope my friends will stop coming here. Don't like a fuss for a drink and this place is fussy!
Its not as quiet has I expected to be. Drink are good , but it is now a hot spot, not exclusive.
I would not have experienced this place without the help of the ever-gracious yelp host, Mr. Chun L. This review is dedicated to him. After guzzling down a few drinks at another bar, everyone in our party agreed that more drinks were in order. This is what happens when you hang out with your AA friends. Some of us in the party never had the pleasure of experiencing this place, and so Chun L. lead the way in initiating us into the wonderful world of a hidden speakeasy with class and flair. Not to mention a mysterious door man, Paul, who makes magic happen! You would surely miss this place if you weren't looking for it. It is downstairs and the main room is dimly lit with private tables, and plush couches. Nice subtle wallpaper. Freud would've been proud. The drinks were good, try one that is gin-based. Check out the bathroom. You'll like what you see. FYI:  Well not quite 6 degrees to Kevin Bacon, but this is what went through my head while writing this review: 1.  Raines Law Room 2.  Raines Law 3.  Eugene O'Neill's, The Iceman Cometh" 4.  Maxim Gorky's, "The Lower Depths" 5.  Akira Kurosawa, "Donzoko (The Lower Depths)" 6.  Film Forum (my review was based on #5) yelp.com/biz/film-forum-… All things lead to Yelp!
It's different from what I expected but in the end, I would come back.  They could do some decorating b/c the place needs a little more character, imho.  RLR has a low-lit, private, intimate vibe, however, I thought that the couple to our left needed to get a room!  : )  It feels like your bedroom, but it is not actually your bedroom my dear! The drinks were solid.  One more note, I wish that they'd replace the curtains with nicer ones because ours were looking a little old / shabby & worn down.
Raines Law room is the most intimate cozy speakyeasy in NYC. It's very comfortable and totally chill. If you can't get a table ask for standing room in the kitchen and grab a drink or two. Reservation is best but is limited to certain days. Other days are first come first serve. This is not a loud type of place but more for a group of 4 max. I would say a perfect place to really get to know someone that you are interested in.
From a indecent scenario to one of the best speakeasies in our current time, looks like Raines Law Rooms will be always open for business and very successful. Back in the beginning of 20th Century the Raines law prohibited to drink alcohol on Sundays, the day where men could do it, except for hotel's guest in their rooms; saloons quickly added rooms and get the license to serve alcohol.. alcohol for men and rooms to hide prohibited or commercial love (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ra…) Located downstairs, with a private house look, ring the bell, wait for Paul and praise to get a table. Armchairs, sofas, small coffee and side tables, table lamps, a fireplace, carpet, semiprivate spaces separate by curtains for small groups. Soft lights, sexy ambiance..somehow love is still a main theme in the Room. Don't cry if you have to wait for a table for a little bit.. the Kitchen-bar where Paul will bring you until to be seated is a must see. A kitchen, literally, with the mixologist, all women by the way, around you.  Honestly I could resume repeating what I said above. A classical and elegant house, outside and inside. I have been several times already. The ambiance, the service; friendly, nice, professional,...  and the list below will make me come back.. for a legal and decent drinking. I swear - If You like Sweet, Strong and delicate..  SPYGLASS a 18yr rum, champagne and fruit scents like lemon and cherries, I'm surrounded to this one. EL DIABLO, old tequila, lime juice and ginger soda with a touch of Dijon and FRESH FRUIT FIZZ, gin and pomegranate this time but variable depending the season. - For Whiskey Lovers, ICONOCLAST scotch, citrus scents , Marie brizard creme de cacao among other components. HIGHLAND, 22yr scotch and.... what else you need to know?... and finally, SMOKE and MIRRORS with 2 different ages scotch, both old, apricot infused brandy and grapefruit.. tasted like smoked meat, bacon? The ambiance is an addiction. The drinks are strong, seriously, very strong. At the end you will leave the room as a man.
Place was great.  Unmarked door, as others have mentioned -- go down the stairs & ring the buzzer.  I was there on a Tues 5-6 pm & it was half empty.  From what I hear, it can get crowded later in the pm. Not a lux environment -- more like an old library without the books: old style sitting room chairs, small sofas, etc.   Drinks were creative & high quality. Pricing was on a par with other higher end cocktail venues ($13-15).  It's dark, so if you're on your own (as I was) & entertaining yourself, only thing you'll be able to read is a backlit screen (ie iPhone etc).
This is a really cool speak-easy and the ambiance is just perfect.  I came here after dinner at ABC Kitchen on a Sunday night.  Because we came at 8 right when it opened and the fact that the next day was a work day, it was pretty empty, but I like it that way.  I don't know why everyone feels like they need to go to all the hotspots during their busiest hours.  I loved the comfy couches, exposed brick walls, and overall decor.  The waitstaff are extremely nice.  Cocktails are yummy, and I like how the bar is like a kitchen as everyone else has mentioned.  It smells absolutely devine!  You can take a peak at it when you walk through it to go to the restrooms in the back.  Prices seemed reasonable and not over the top.  Apparently there's also a patio area in the back, but I did not venture out there.  Definitely a neat place to stop by as a local or a tourist.
Oh, yes please.   Can I just leave it at that? OK, I'll elaborate... I've been to a few speakeasies - and this one was certainly the most exclusive.  If you don't have a reservation, expect to wait - and not even at the bar.  Outside.  A friend and I stopped by, rang the doorbell.  An adorable, accented, bow-tied butler comes to the door and asks for our reservation.  We, clueless, don't have one - so go down the street for a few minutes for a drink at BLT before returning for a second try. He lets us in, and the bar is standing room only.  We pass by a few plush couches with tables, extremely sexy.  It's all dates besides my friend and I, and I'm envious of their well-informed boyfriends who brought them. The cocktails are pricey, and delicious.  I tried too many, but recommend the Bramble - gin and muddled blackberries, and the Self-starter.  I'll be back as soon as I have a chance/need to impress someone.
I love this place! So inconspicuous from the outside and so beautiful on the inside. I especially loved the kitchen area in the back. It was all very classy. Chose this place to meet up with a friend of mine and it turned out to be a great choice, although it is probably more of a date place. Both of our drinks were delicious- She got a citrusy drink and I got the Philadelphia Story; strong but delicious! Unfortunately we couldn't stay very long because they had a private party that evening but the entire staff was extremely nice and friendly and apologized numerous times for having to make us leave. Will definitely come back for a more leisurely evening.
This place oozes with class. I'd like to believe the ruggedly handsome  host stems from a long line of butlers, or something else glamorous- resulting in his natural grace and stealth.  Of course, he probably stems from a long line of lawyers, like most Manhattanites, but it doesn't matter-  he plays the part of speakeasy host with perfection. As you are quietly ushered into this underground cove of dimmed lights, classic wallpaper and  velvet furniture, you can't help but wish you'd bothered to wear a flapper outfit, or at least put on a veiled hat. The service was impeccable- the drinks heavenly and well priced. And if you are a little annoying like me, and can't find the exact drink you want on their exhaustive menu- they will cheerfully offer to create a drink to your liking. I ended up with a magnificent concoction of gin, grenadine, honey, egg whites and cream. I plan on returning as often as I can manage to- it's not easy to become a "regular" at a speakeasy type lounge, but I intend to try. See the review by nycmemorybook. com nycmemorybook.com/what-t…
very cute - a bit more preparation than i'd like to go to a bar as you do need a reservation. but, with that being said, you can just show up early (7/8pm) & still be seated. drinks were well priced & well made. love that it was quiet and you can actually have a conversation.
The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars was due to the hour wait, once we got there. Even after the wait, we were relegated to the "bar" area, which was really an open kitchen, but that was fine cuz we got to see our drinks made and, actually, simply described what we wanted to the bartenders, who came through. The drink I had, the Gold Rush, I think, was amazing, sweet with a bourbon kick with a ginormous iceberg in the middle of the drink. The ambiance was pretty typical of most speakeasies, the service was warm and welcoming, the clientele was a bit stodgy and uppity for my tastes, though, although I'd def return for the drinks. The only killer is waiting to get in, I'd make a reservation, next time.
Remember those pictures you would take on the boardwalk while at the beach? You could either dress up from the 1920's or just put your face in a set of a very old fashion room? Imagine putting your entire body in one. That is Raines Law Room. Everything from the seat you sit on to have a drink to the seat you sit on in the bathroom to relieve yourself from all the drinks you have had. For your first time through, I must warn, beware of the first few steps inside. They can jump out at you if you are not paying attention. The staff does a great job of telling you but if you miss it, it won't be pretty. If you are looking for a romantic date, I do not see this as the appropriate choice. As I described it to a fellow yelper the day after, "It is a great place to grab a drink to catch up with a friend after work. Very relaxing, great drinks, reasonable price, low key, and not 'a scene.'" There are tables for two and three are in the front of the establishment with larger group seating in the back. The tables for two are a little too far apart. There is a little table connected to the wall between them and you either have to lean forward, with you elbows on your knees, to talk to your ________ (friend, date, business partner, acquaintance) or lean back in your chair and risk the chance of everyone hearing your conversation as you speak loudly across the great divide. The other tables are large couches. The four large seating areas are basically two large black couches with a small table in between. The couches could fit 4 - 5 people on each side and they are back to back with two on each side and sheer curtains that pull around to give the tables the essence of privacy. Each table has its own lamp on the wall with a cord that you can pull if you need your waiter or waitress. When you pull the cord a light lights up in the back alert that you are requesting assistance. Clever! The bar/staging area where the bartenders and waiters are is out of the way and is quite unique. I would have like to see this in the middle of the layout instead of hidden in the back. The only time you would see this is if you go to the bathroom. The fresh fruit is in the middle of the table for everyone to see. You can see it from the seating area, but not to its full extent. It's a shame it is in the back. Thanks to Kathleen R. and her review, I got the full experience of the bathroom! The bathroom on the left was quite impressive in the way that they decided to pay attention to detail. Since she made a note to look in the drawer of the vanity, I did! It was full of old postcards, pens, and other miscellaneous items. It was just a nice touch. Another nice touch is Paul, the maitre de. He is extremely friendly and is breath of fresh air in NYC these days. He was very accommodating and very helpful in offering suggestions. The waitress we had as well was very kind and obliging. The service overall was A+, maybe cause it wasn't crowded, but still A+. Lastly, the drinks, we only stayed for three drinks since we came in before we went to dinner. I had the Old Cuban, the Corpse Reviver No. 2, and the Gold Rush. The Old Cuban was my least favorite. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, it was just my least favorite. I don't remember the exact ingredients, but something along the lines of Champagne, Rum, Whiskey, and Mint. The Corpse Reviver No. 2, was very good and consisted of Gin, Contreau, Lillet Blanc, Lemon Juice, and Absinthe. My favorite was The Gold Rush, Bourbon, Honey, Lime, and Mint. Delicious! All of the drinks looked delicious, and were delicious. I will return in hopes no one else decides to come. There are plenty other mixology bars that the "common folk" can go to...
All I can say from my experience here the other night is that if Raines Law Room were a porn star she would be Jenna Jameson - one of the hottest and highest paid performers in the biz. Extremely sexy, alluring, and intoxicating. If you can get past the doorman after buzzing in you are greeted by a speakeasy decor of plush elegance and cool chicness. I assume we were lucky to get right in on a Saturday night around 11:30 at night with not so much as a reservation or even dressed properly. Plus, we had just come from a Belgian beer festival and were pretty much in the bag by then. We were told we could not get a seat in the lounge area but were welcome to hang out in the "kitchen" area. Walking past the couples and groups resting comfortably on the vintage couches enjoying thier cocktails I was more then looking forward to sampling a few of these classic concoctions myself. Plus, being a former bartender I had no problem hanging out where the mixoligists were showcasing their talents. We had ringside seats right up by the action, and the bartender working this evening, Theo, was an affable gent who engaged us in coversation while mixing up drink after drink. We let him choose a few different options for us and he did not steer us wrong. Bourbon based, strong, bold, and smooth all at once. After a few delicious drinks each, and by this time feeling no pain, we were totally taken in to the idea of the secret aura of this place. Dimly lit, shadowy, fun, James Bond - like. The bar tab here was surely not cheap, but the ambience and quality sure made up for it. I do so look forward to my next enounter with this sexy secret den of cocktail mixology. Definitely a more adult-like place to enjoy a "civilized" evening of quiet partying.
I think I'm in love with the whole concept of speakeasies because of Raines Law Room. This is not your neighborhood bar. The drinks were delightful and chocolates delicious. But it was the decor I loved most about this speakeasy. The whole speakeasy had a "living room" feel along with pornographic wallpaper. If that doesn't make you feel welcome, I don't know what will.
A speakeasy that is like no other in the city, in my opinion.  Being a true admirer of the art of mixology, I give the bartender and other barkeeps lots of credit for using fresh fruit for their featured drinks.  I was lucky enough to enjoy an "off the menu" champagne with blackberry libation that was undeniably a drink made for me.  I would only bring those who would truly appreciate the space and atmosphere.  The etiquette and eminent social grace created the "je ne se qua" that really wants me to go back!
Hot & sexy like sunday on the beach... Friendly service like you wish all venues would have. Only a short 15 minute wait without a reservation! When we were first greeted at the door a French guy answered.  Since I had already put back a few, I was in a mood for funny banter.  Can I have your name?  He asks - Jennifer, I reply.  She's french too.  No reaction.  But he grins a bit.   Let me see if I can get you in at the bar.  A group may just be leaving. I like it when they start out with hardball, then backpeddle when they decide they like you.  I mean that's what we're here for right, a little banter.  He returns to explain it will be a few minutes, and takes our number.  So we head across the street to the den of sin, where office affairs are unfolding right before our very eyes. In what seems like only 10 minutes, we get the call, and chug our drinks.  We walk back over, and are whisked into this basement den.  Walking through is like a cozy living room, cocktails imbibing, conversations unfolding, even some private rooms that look more like an Arab tent in the desert.   We head further to the back, and enter a small room with a waist level table in the middle.  It's a unique setup as bars usually have the bartender up higher, as if anointed as a holy one, at the alter of drink.  Here they are exactly at the same level as you, and you feel like if you don't have their attention you could lean over and poke them at any time! The drink that I settle on is the San Luis Cup, which is spicy, with huge chunks of ice and cucumbers.  I have never been steered wrong by a drink with cucumbers in it.  This one was superb.  Perfect in every way, from the conversation it births, to the eye-popping hips that it seemed to unleash in the room.  I try to stay focused.  Conversation is key.  Meanwhile the drinks chisel away at my head, working at me ever so slowly.   After two we are clearly ready to go, but then the dude with the mustache returns, and offers us a coveted table.  A table!  Well we can't turn that down of course, so we follow like lemmings, ready to order more cocktails, and while away the night.  Now we have a tiny table, we have a couple of glasses of water, and we're struggling with this button the wall.  Pushing, punching, poking, nothing works.  Then one of us spots the chain, and pulls.  The light comes out, voila!  Shortly thereafter a waitress arrives, and takes our order for another round. Eventually you reach a point in the evening where you're drunk texting the person you're on a date with.  Although this is sexy, and romantic in it's own way, it also means you've both had enough, and it's time to go.  We settle up, and stumble out onto the street, the spring night air blowing gently, and a short walk to union square in front of us.
My absolute favorite place to get a drink when coming back to visit NYC!  The drinks are delicious; maybe a little on the pricey side, but well worth it since they're strong!  The atmosphere is really great too - tables well spaced out so it's conducive to conversation, relaxing, and you never feel rushed. When I used to live around the corner, it used to be fairly quick to get seated, but the last couple of times I've been back in the city for a visit, there's been a wait list.  Guess this place isn't such a secret anymore!
I'd been meaning to get to Raines Law Room on a number of occasions, but failed to do so on one particular night due to the wait time. They do offer to call you when there is an opening, a nice touch I've seen a few watering holes take up. So on this particular evening I was the first to arrive and directed to the back bar to wait for my party and a table. As has been mentioned by others, the back bar feels as though you are drinking in one's kitchen. Complete with a dishwasher, sink, cabinets and an island, the bar did make for a comfortable setting, but at times left one feeling slightly awkward, as though in the kitchen of someone whom you've just met and are watching prepare the evening's treats, but been told that there is nothing to help with. I can't recall all of the cocktails I consumed, but do remember one, the Suffering Bastard. A libation that included bourbon, gin, lemon juice, sugar and ginger. It was quite tasty. I also have to mention the tables, as there is a small chain that protrudes from what looks like a doorbell button. Upon pulling the chain, a waitress appears momentarily to tend to your needs. It was a charming thought and proved to work well on this particular evening. The front of the place has a few tables and lounges, but for the most part is an open space. Towards the back, but before reaching the bar, there are more lounges and booths, however these are a bit more partitioned off. On a side note, check out the bathroom; the wall paper may provide for some good advice if one ends up in particular situation at the end of the evening. Additionally, the menu does provide a brief story as to the meaning of Raines Law.  It is an interesting bit on how bars built "hotel" rooms in their establishment so as to circumvent Raines Law, which had prohibited them from selling spirits on Sundays. Overall a cool place to pop into and just kitschy enough to bring the uninitiated and enjoy some smiles and looks of awe.
Paul, who was stationed at the door on the night we came, was a perfect gentleman. There wasn't room for us when we arrived but he took my mobile number and called when space became available. The subterranean haunt isn't especially remarkable but we were seated on a comfortable, long sofa (likely the best in the house by my observation.) I sampled both the fresh fruit fizz with blueberries and applejack and a maple cherry collins. Each was expertly crafted and provided a truly unique flavor profile. If you want adventure in your drinks (~$13 each), Raines Law Room is worth a trip. I didn't care at all for the music. It didn't seem to mesh well with the surroundings (perhaps it was an afterthought?) In these parts, I'd probably choose Flatiron Lounge over Raines Law Room but that's more a testament to Flatiron than a rip on Raines.
If time travel back to the 1920's is what you seek ,then come and knock on their door. I recommend arriving earlier (before midnight) to ensure that you get a seat. As the place only seats around 50 people, there is usually a wait after hours. They have a great drink selection menu, with libations from circa 1920. This is a great romantic hideaway, however, be warned that it gets expensive in a hurry.
Cool lounge in an unsuspecting place. Our party of 4 were seated at one of the sofas that fit 8 so there was nice spacing. Overall pretty cool old school atmosphere.
It's all about Penicillin... Yes. just say yes to this place, for the wait, to the location, to the drinks, to the night and you won't be sorry. It's not on the menu, but request the Penicillin (apparently created in NYC -scotch, gingerale, lemon and honey, and a big flat disc ice cube).  I developed a nice little buzz after 4 or 5 healthy sips from this drink.  The ginger was spicy and lovely and the honey and lemon chilled out the drink. I also tried their version of 'hotty toddy' and it was just okay, but too much like taking one to many bites out of a green apple.    The 'paper plane' could have been called plane jane, but because of this drink I was able to try what was soon to become my favorite - the Penicillin.  I told the waitress that I was trying my best to like the plane jane but just hated it, and she was nice enough to take it back without a fuss, and brought me the tastier much improved Penicillin.  This drink makes me want to go to bartending school just so i can master this and serve it to my future ex-husband. lots of couples here, but a cozy, super laid back, I feel like i'm in my expensive apartment lounging in my den kind of place. I love that i'm only visited by server when I need them - when you pull on a little chain under a lite up button, and they come to your becon call. cool... just like what people will think when you introduce them to this place.
Well, I had never been to a speakeasy before. Ring the bell? Really? A friend and I came here for Yelp drinks and we had about an hour-long wait before we could get in. The host took our phone number and we had a drink around the corner while we waited. Once we got in, though, wow -- how cool. There was space available "at the bar," and it felt like somebody's upscale kitchen, complete with island and all. The host later sought us out to tell us a couch had opened up and we moved into the table area. The service was friendly and the drinks were good and strong. The music complements the interior and isn't a loud distraction. I'm probably rating this place based on the half-price drinks. Would I come back here again for full price? Probably.
love. coming from someone who is almost as addicted to speakeasies and she is to shoes, this is truly one of NYC's gems. how rare to find a place that doesn't rush you, leaves you alone, has fabulous cocktails and let's you be in charge of your service. love. mr. mustache was so, so friendly and accommodating. and that mustache is legit. i didn't want to freak him out, but i would really like to be his friend. anyway, i had a reservation for a tuesday evening *you can make reservations for sunday, monday and tuesday ONLY via e-mail* and my date and i were seated immediately. unfortunately the doorway was covered by one of those plastic doorway things (i like to hunt for my speakeasies) so it was very easy to find. love. it's like a living room if your living room was in an underground brothel during the prohibition. big, worn comfy couches, glass tables, antique furnishings, candles, chairs you can melt into. the menu is extensive and offers a plethora of awesome cocktails. i absolutely adored the 'south side rickey' which consisted of gin, lime juice, simple syrup, fresh mint and club soda. so refreshing. i could definitely have one of those daily. (what it's the summer?!) i think time out new york had voted it their favorite cocktail in the past. the 'san luis cup' was also great, consisting of mezcal, chili syrup, muddled lime and cucumber, salt & pepper. i would imagine all of the cocktails are pretty fantastic, depending on your taste. love. after you decide what you want to drink (ie: 45-50 minutes) you can ring the little bell near your "area" and the server will come to you. you won't be hassled, simply ring the bell when you need something. love. perfect for dates, or for a small group of friends. it's pretty intimate and personal so i suggest only going with the right people, you know what i mean. i didn't see as many people on top of each other as other reviewers, but my magic 8 ball said as it gets later into the night 'chances are likely'. the capacity is strictly monitored which is great so you never feel claustrophobic or that people are in your space. i adore the fact that this is a place where you can sit for hours, comfortably, with whomever you have with you and just drink and relax. it's a place where you should completely lose track of time, which we all know is no easy task in our busy city. oh raines, nothing but love.
Dayum - I'm super jelly of NYC. This is a speakeasy I'd love to bring back home with me. First, beware that it's completely hidden from the outside. Actually, there's a black tent on the street level that you enter, walk down the stairs and - apparently -knock on the door and ask for entry. We got lucky. It was a slow Wednesday night, we just came from a fancy dinner at Daniel so were were dressed to the nines - AND, the door guy so happened to be escorting a lady out when he noticed we were looking for the entrance. If it weren't for that, we wouldn't have any idea where to find the door.   From there, we were directed to a perfectly cozy area, and from there I took in all the sexiness this establishment had to offer. Candle light, vintage velvet sofas, antique lamps, textured wallpaper... I was in impressed, to say the least. Speaking of those antique lamps, our server swung by to hand over the craft cocktail menus and informed us that when we were ready, to pull the lamp string that hung on the wall. Uh, cool, convenient and smart. So the cocktails? You're typical menu of fizzes, brambles, and pimm's - all with a twist. They had a Pimm's bev that was akin to the Pimm's Cup but with Mezcal. I'm a traditionalist (and besides, I LOVE Pimm's Cups and gotta try them everywhere), and asked if the bartender could make that for me instead (it wasn't on the menu). He obliged and - again - impressed. We only stuck around for two drinks - pricey drinks at that - but it was something we had to experience based on so many recs, word of mouth and of course, Yelp! Check it out. And don't forget to take me with you.
To Do List: Smell the refreshing scent of lavender, Sit back with comrades in a luxurious black booth, Sip on elusively simple beverages drizzled with pure honey, Soak up this aesthetic masterpiece which boasts brilliant decor and a dream kitchen, and if you dare, Surreptitiously glance at the scantily clad wallpaper.   This establishment epitomizes refinery, making it easy for me to laud Raines Law Room as the most distinguished speakeasy in town. NB: Seek out a venue to go to while waiting for a call back from the host(ess)
Man, I thought i wrote a review for this already last year, and now I have long forgotten most details of my experience but i will do my best to recap: Came here afterwork as it is about 2 avenues over from my job. Was killing time to have a friend meet me. At first didnt think I was in the right spot, went down some stairs and looked like i was going to enter a shady basement/apartment. Two people in front of me seem to have been rejected or given a long wait time as they turned around leaving as I was coming. A retro/vintage dressed young guy opened the door with curtains and a booth/table behind him and asked how he could help me. I said "can I have a drink?" he looked like he wanted to try and give me the same shpiel, but instead he let me right in. I left my friends name with him so he wouldn't have a problem getting in either. The place was very speakeasy-esque, low ceilings, dark and dimly lit, burgundy velvet victorian chairs, wasnt really crowded since it was right after work, except for mainly around the bar. The bar is straight to the back, and its in a small area surrounded by mirrors. The bartenders were also dressed quirky/vintage, and i think i remember the bar itself seeming gadgety, like maybe there was a lot of memorabilia on it. The menu was in line with other speak easies in the city, where they only serve liquors from that time period, bourbon, gin, brandy, etc. I had something fizzy in a highball glass. When my friend finally arrives, we go to the seating area, and there is complimentary popcorn. This was a big win for my friend, who is a big popcorn lover. We found ourselves engaged in great convo with 2 random strangers, cousins, that were sitting across from us, and it was all good. The vibe was very chill, the crowd was 20's/30's hipster/local professionals. My drink was not memorable but it wasnt a problem either. The place is small and fine for a pass through/time killer, as we had done. I have since not been back, 3 stars because the place is indeed A-OK, as i have not yet had a fan worthy experience, but i wouldnt mind a return when in the area to check it out during a more primetime.
There are certain places that are strongly associated with certain Yelpers. Ippudo is Judy K's, Cassy S. laid claims to Traif, and certainly many would agree that when it comes to Raines Law Room, you might as well call it Chun's Law Room. Read the reviews and see how many of them thank Chun. Thanks to Chun, Helena and I were able to whisper the password to an upturned mustached gentleman named Paul who graciously stepped aside and let us into the dimly lit and sedate speakeasy. Because all the tables were full, we stood by the bar in the kitchen and watched the mixologists concoct the potent libations. After a half hour or so, Paul found us and gave us a  cozy little table with two small club chairs where we finished our expertly mixed drinks ($13 each) and nibbled on popcorn with bacon salt. Because it was a weeknight, my twin sistah and I couldn't stay out late, but we mightily enjoyed our time at Raines. The composed rarified impression of Raines is perfect for date where you wish to impress a lady with your sophisticated James Bond-like charms. You might end up stealing her heart.
Fantastic cocktails. Another speak easy style cocktail bar. Marked with a small framed note on the door. Knocking a gentleman lets you know the wait time. The place it littered with lovely period furniture. My favorite bit is the "bar" which is a remodeled or modeled after a kitchen. You can wait at the bar island for a seat. There is a no standing seated only policy like Death and Co throughout most of the place except the bar/waiting area which is tightly controlled so it is never too crowded. Meaghan and Kyle were my bartenders and I have a half dozen cocktails here. All were balanced and quite good. I would certainly come again to have another half dozen cocktails.
Very special place!
The cocktails are to die for and absolutely worth every penny. Regarding the prices, I found them to be very, very fair for a speakeasy (they ranged from $13 to $17). I tried four very different cocktails and loved them all. It was fun experimenting with different liquors and spices. The mixologists sure know what they're doing! For those who like a kick, try the Kentucky Buck Fifty. For you scotch lovers, I suggest the Mamie Taylor. And for us gin gals, definitely do the Late Night Reviver, and end with a Pom Collins. + Stellar cocktails + Impeccable service + Great value - Dress code (very lackadaisical: girls in hoodies, boys in fitted baseball caps... tsk tsk) - Location (not exactly the hardest place to find)
Prohibition era bar. Totally amazing ambiance. Out of this world cocktails. Beautiful low lighting, intimate groups of chairs, and some little areas encased in sheer curtains for an even cozier experience. It is a totally unique and lovely space. Warning - to those looking for a rowdy place, or somewhere to meet a new crush, this isn't the right place. And it's got an unmarked black awning so you might have a hard time finding it from the street. Knock on the door and hope that you are admitted into this special place.
4 of us went for a double date after dinner at BLT fish. Great place to date and chat.
Is it a little ridiculous to have to make a reservation to get into a lounge? Sure. Is it any more ridiculous than waiting 20 minutes to order a drink in bar overflowing with frat boys and restless 40-somethings trolling for a one-night stand? No. Plus, you get the added benefits of great (gourmet, even!) drinks, guaranteed seating in plush chairs, a cozy ambiance, no crowd, and absolutely no "accidental" ass-grabs. Yes, definitely Worth It. I emailed them at around 4pm as requested to secure a Sunday evening reservation, and got an email reply within the hour. Not gonna lie: I was psyched. The door is unmarked, save for the address and a little plaque that reads, "Please ring the bell, someone will attend to you shortly." I actually felt like I was being greeted by a friend at the door - she knew my name, had "been expecting me," and lead my friend and I to velvet chairs near the back of the lounge. We were surrounded by candles, quiet conversation, tinkling glasses, and an amazing drink list. My friend, who is a huge fan of Scotch, was duly impressed (as per my plan... rub hands together with evil delight!). I was charmed by the antique furniture, the classy decor, and the little chain you get to pull when you're ready to order. Our waitress - also a resident "mixologist" -  knew the menu front to back, and knew the details of every detailed drink. Most had ingredients I had never even heard of. She even gave us a sample of elderflower liquor when I expressed interest. YUM!!! My birthday is Feb. 20th, people. I was even charmed by the name of the bar and the explanation of how the holes in Raines Law worked in favor of those who kept drinking right on through Prohibition (cheers!!!!!!!). In summary: the drinks are phenomenal, the service superb, and the ambiance soothing and romantic. Raines is a class act - and my new favorite bar, bar none.
...and my 100th review has to go to Raines great cocktails- expansive list too so far my favorite is Self starter; Sweater weather was decent, but taste is not clairvoyant I love the lighting, decor, the cough, the bar area, the methodical bartender, the waiters w/ sweet accents, and all that My friends loved it too. I have brought multiple personalities here and all said they had a great time! FAVE!
We descended the steps and my dumbass almost fell face first because I didn't see that last step.  Luckily, my cat-like reflexes saved me. We ordered our first drinks, and I was tempted to order an Arsenic and New Lace but I was feeling a bit adventurous and opted for El Diablo, a tequila-based drink.  Fortune once again smiled on me because it was a damn good drink.   Whenever we wanted to order another round, we just pulled on a chain by our table.  My second drink's name escapes me but it was gin-based and had blackberries in it; it too was positively smashing.  I wasn't as big a fan of the Arsenic and New Lace; though I love gin I felt I could taste the absinthe a bit too much. I can't remember what my date had save for an Andean Dusk which she loved. The seats are quite comfortable and I felt like I could melt into mine. We were able to get there early (5:15pm).  By 6pm, the doorman was taking down would-be customers' phone numbers because the place was full. Raines is an ideal spot for date night, the kind of place you visit to celebrate a special occasion.
The cocktails were insane. Decor was cool. Coat check/door attendant was beyond lovely. Great date place.
Went back five times over a few weeks before I was able to get in on a Tuesday without more than an hour wait.  The doorguy put me on the list and called within 30 minutes which was nice but only for standing room at the bar with 10-12 other people.  There are no chairs for even a few people just to make it feel more natural.  Just everyone standing, awkwardly, arm to arm, in a 6' by 3' space in front of the drinkmakers.  Anyway... Pro: Drinks are strong. Con: They keep the booths for reservations or VIPs, I guess, so even if they are empty for an hour, you still have to have a drink in the bar area and look on at the empty booths. Of the "speakeasy" spots I've been to so far, I'd rather go to PDT or Old Rabbit Club, say, where you can sit, have a drink and relax and not feel like you're in a pen.
Raine's Law room is a bit similar to other speakeasy cocktails in NYC.  The difference is that the ambiance is better and the wait is shorter.  I only had one drink here, but my friend and I sat on a beautiful secluded velvet couch.  It would be great to go here on a weekday when there was less of a wait, and start the night out here so we could try a few cocktails.
Gorgeous. Tin-paneled ceilings and quietly luxurious seating, the latter grouped for intimate conversation. The right amount of dim lighting to switch between friendly and sexy - not to mention it makes everyone look fantastic. The quirky ordering method adds to the charm of this place (pull the string and a serveuse magically appears). It's not cheap - a couple of drinks can land you on the near end of a c-note. However, the cocktails are well made and I liked that when I asked for an obscure concoction, they obliged. Would I come here again? Most definitely - it's a great place to sit, sip and speak...easily. I'm a fan.
Great cocktails.  Cool ambiance.  Quick service.
This place was great. Went here with two friends for our good friend's birthday. Arrived at about 9:30 and was told it would be an hour wait. Went to the bar across the street that a lot of yelpers recommended and only about fifteen minutes later got a phone call that a table opened up. Unfortunately we had just placed our drink orders. Arrived about an hour later to check if there was availability which we lucked out and there was. Drinks were for the most part really good. Strawberry cobbler was the best. Had another garden drink (cant remember the full name) which was not as good. In fact I couldn't finish it unfortunately for the $14 I spent on it. All and all the place is really chill and I would definitely go back but prices are as expected with being pretty high so don't be surprised when the bill comes.
Raine's Law Room quickly won my heart over. The cocktail menu is expansive and everything my boyfriend and I tried was beyond delicious. The service is fabulous, I love how you ring the bell to call the server over when you are ready to order another round. Most importantly, there was no attitude or sense of pretentiousness, something that seems to be quite prevalent at other speakeasy bars. Although pricey, you definitely get what you pay for. I'll be back - cheers!!
The drinks here are amazing very crafty. Seating and aumbiane is great for a party of 4 2 is hard because you usually have to share a table.
I came here once for a drink with a few friends and absolutely loved it! The cocktails seemed a bit sweeter and a little less over-powering than many other bars. But that was actually a very, very good thing for me. I could taste the nuances of many of the different ingredients in the drinks and loved every one of them. The atmosphere was also perfect. And, a cool addition was the light you turn on to call your waitress over! Oh, and take note of the wallpaper as well.
I like Raines Law Room because it is well thought out, understated and sophisticated. And because it is easy to find if you know about it but difficult to run into if you don't. We were a party of six and we arrived at about 10 PM on a Friday evening. Thankfully there was just enough place for us. At first look, I noticed that the lighting was brighter and the crowd slightly older than other places. We were seated in this little booth with a velvet sofa, sheer black curtains separating us from the other booths and a large mirror right in the center. For some reason it reminded me of a train compartment with booths. The use of the buzzer to call for the attendant was pretty unusual and took some time getting used to. I liked the bartender's work area, it kind of reminds one of a classy apartment kitchen. Between the six of us, I think we tried pretty much every drink on the menu. My favourite was the gold rush - bourbon honey and lemon (please get that drink even if you don't like whiskey, I promise you it will be worth it). I liked the corpse reviver #2 as well - gin and cointreau and absinthe coming together beautifully. The old cuban was okay, it was sort of a mojito with dark rum and some bitters. The staff is really friendly, especially the lady who buzzed us into the place. -1 star only because I would have liked to see a slightly more extensive drinks list, and because I couldn't try the popcorn (it was not  vegetarian).
List:  NYC Speakeasies yelp.com/list/nyc-speake… I think Sarah W's review here is sufficiently comprehensive. In terms of interior decor, unbeatable. They certainly went all out. You won't find a place like this in Manhattan, except maybe in a well-preserved pre-war building like The Plaza Hotel. I mean seriously, how many bars have you walked into that had an island kitchen as the bar counter? Oven roasted turkey anyone? Yeah, the drinks aren't entirely original, but having to crack open that 'law book' already sparks your interest. They at least have a couple highly demanded drinks like the Pisco Punch (though I think that's Pegu's top choice). With the Flat Iron area being so sparse at night, Raines Law Room adds a little something appropriate. So go ring that door bell and enjoy the inviting abode.
Beautiful speakeasy near me with an unmarked door.  I love the decor here, especially the comfy beautiful chairs and couches.   The wallpaper is wild in a very subtle way.  This is the perfect place to get yummy cocktails on a date or to catch up with a friend or two.  All of the drinks I've tried here are delicious.  I like trying the seasonal cocktails and the specials.
Now I've been to a LOT of speakeasy-style bars in new york. When I came across Raines on Yelp, I was skeptical that it was all hype. Having now frequented Raines several times, I can say with confidence that Raines is my favorite speakeasy in New York. Raines is tucked away behind an inconspicuous doorway next to Splash, one of the most in-your-face gay clubs in the city. The atmosphere and ambiance is just right for an intimate romantic date, or for catching up with a few close friends. I would not recommend coming with a big group - even on a weeknight Raines has been known to boast over an hour wait time. What I think I appreciate most about Raines is the consistency of their drinks. Each NY speakeasy has their kitchy themes and decor that sets them apart from others, but the drinks at Raines are so reliable, and I've never been disappointed with one of my choices.
Amazing spot for super high quality cocktails. Few better. But only if you can get a rezzie or get past the doorman.
This is my second time at Raines and still love this place. #1 it's next to one of my favorite Belgian restaurants "Petite Abeille" #2 it opens up earlier than most speak easy bars (at 5pm) which was surprisingly packed at this time yesterday. #3 their old classic 1920-30's music selection makes it a lovely experience while sitting on plush velvet sofa with a well crafted cocktail at hand. If you are lucky to sit near the kitchen you will get a feel of being at someone's home for Sunday Tea...spiked with either bourbon, whiskey, gin or vodka :)
This now tops my list of best speakeasy bars in NYC! My friends and I decided to try and get into this place Saturday night after not being able to find parking near our original intended destination. First we were told the wait would at least be an hour but 15 minutes later and we got the call and we were given one of the private curtained off tables. Atmosphere & Appearance: 5 stars! The bar is unmarked and you ring the doorbell and the maitre'd will attend to you. The decor is elegant and chic. It feels like an underground club in the 20's. I like the open kitchen/bar area but I definitely loved the curtained off tables. Very intimate, very romantic. Perfect for a secret rendezvous. Drinks: 4.5 stars. Not the most imaginative of libations but they are pretty darn good. They divide them up into categories of shaken or stirred. I had a taste of both the Philadelphia story and the Andean dusk, both very different from each other but equally elegant. It's the kind of place I'd go to when I want a properly made drink. Prices are $13 and up for cocktails. Accessibility: Considering that we chose to go to this place without prior planning it was actually really easy to get in. So I'm giving it 4 stars. They take reservations only on select days and via online only. Last word before you go: Make sure you eat beforehand. They don't really have a proper food menu and these drinks will get to you for sure.
I am a newbie to lounges, but I'm hooked to them after a visitor friend introduced me to several nice places in the city.  I am kind of proud of myself for finding this place on my own.  But really, who am I kidding? It was my trusty yelp that led me to this place. I was meeting a friend at a restaurant in Chelsea for dinner on my birthday.  I got there early and thought to myself, what could be better than starting celebration early at a lounge??  With a little help from yelp, I found Raines Law Room. Well I didn't "find" it that easily.  The place is unmarked, and after checking the address a few times and walking past the place a couple of times, I decided to go ahead and ring the bell.  After a long pause, the door opened, and I was invited inside. Once inside, I was smiling from the excitement of finding a treasure.  From the tin ceiling to the velvet chairs to the little lights to indicate that you are ready to order, I sat there and appreciated every detail of the place.  It was a Tuesday evening before 6 pm, and people were just starting to trickle in.  I didn't have a reservation but had no problem being seated right away. I only had one drink, Old Cuban (rum, champagne, lime, mint, and bitters).  It was tasty and refreshing - another reason for a large grin. I can't wait to bring the visitor friend to this lounge.
Very dimly lit, comfortable, and unpretentious space in the now seemingly ubiquitous speakeasy style.  More fabric and opulent space seating than a Little Branch although many of the couches face each other and Raines Law Room has no qualms about placing couples across from each other even when there are plenty of couches open.  Two parts uncomfortable couples PDA with three parts amusing corner-of-the-eye people watching.  The drinks were very well made and our server answered all questions about the menu earnestly and helpfully.  Found the De La Lousiane especially refreshing and complex.
We were in the Flatiron and a local friend who knows that Carol W and I love good cocktails recommended we check out a nearby speakeasy, Raines Law Room.  It was a Friday night around midnight when we rang the doorbell at an otherwise unmarked door.  We didn't have reservations, but fortune smiled upon us as the door opened and we were led to standing room around the bar.  The main room of Raines Law Room is definitely my idea of a relaxed place, dimly lit, with comfortable looking seating around low tables.  However, I much preferred having our drinks in the more brightly lit bar, which reminded me of drinking in someone's kitchen at cool/fun cocktail party.  Making it even more like a cocktail party, we struck up a great conversation with two other fun, friendly cocktail lovers who were in the "kitchen" with us.   I had the Pioneer Spirit, a very boozy drink made with WhistlePig 10yr old Rye, Lairds Applejack, orgeat and Angostura bitters.  It was nicely balanced and quite satisfying.  It had been a long day of great food and drink, so we stopped at one.  Raines Law Room is high on my list for a return visit the next time I'm in town.
I really like the concept of this speak easy location. It won't ever get over crowded, the attention and service is great. It's dark, and it's sexy. Very nice place for a date, or some great friends. Friends and I hit this place after work hours and managed to get there before it hit it's max capacity. It's not big so it can reach it's max fairly quick and you'll have to wait for a callback. The set up is pretty cool, and different. There's a bar/kitchen in the back behind some curtains where the servers/bartenders prepare their drinks. To order your drink you have to call your server via a pull string on your wall. This is for sure a gem and I will be returning.
My favorite speakeasy in Manhattan. Amazing cocktail menu and wonderful service. Can be hard to get in, but once you're in, you're gold.
I am in love. Truly, madly, deeply in L-O-V-E. There, I said it. I'm not even a little embarassed that my love is a hidden bar. Call me an alcoholic. Call me crazy. That whole "sticks and stones" thing... You know when you walk into a bar and you just know it's where you belong? That's how I felt at RLR. I have been there twice now and both times had absolutely no problem getting in, I was seated within minutes and the second time they even remembered me and welcomed me back. My love affair began the first time I went and was solidified the second. Call me easy. Walking in you are literally overwhelmed with a feeling of being in on a secret, not to mention I suddenly felt sexy even in my jeans and flats. Walking through the Parlor to one of the lightly curtained lounge areas, I literally couldn't take it all in fast enough. The overstuffed couches and vintage wall paper and sconces, the small candles and murmur of the crowd made me want to stay forever. Once we were seated, the menu boasted some creative concoctions that combined bitters, champagne, bourbon and St. Germain. I ordered the Taylor Precedent, a bitter tasting champagne based drink that now trumps my (now old favorite) from the Campbell Apartment. So not only am I overwhelmed by how delicious my drink is, I'm still recovering from the setting. Yes, this is my new favorite place to be. Where is my long cigarette holder and fur stole?? I clearly left them at home and that was a mistake. Our love runs deep and I will be back over and over and over again.
This is an amazing place. Nothing like I've ever experienced before. I was invited here on a weeknight for after dinner drinks. My first time there, I had a super hard time finding the entrance as there is no signage. Only a small stairwell down from the sidewalk with a small awning. Only indication that you're in the right place is that there is some identifier right above the door, embossed I believe. If it's dark, forget about finding it. The guy at the door will crack it open to see who it is before letting you in. Then he will close the door on you to go check if there is space for you to wait or if there is a table. This will happen whether or not you have a reservation. The interior is lush and very period 1920s. Lighting is dim, and seating is sparse. You have to make a reservation for this place because it's rather small, and large parties are probably discouraged. It's an intimate place - parties of 2 to 4 are best. Some of the areas for 4 are often shared with two parties of 2, which is not invasive at all. It actually enhances the experience. I've never had a problem with the shared seating and people are pretty nice about it. The servers don't automatically come to your table to order. At each table there is a bell with a string that you have to pull in order to signal them to come by for service. At first this was a little annoying because we kept forgetting about the string, but after we got used to it, it was quite charming. Drinks are super strong and very well made. The mixologists bar all the way in the back is a beautiful little space. If you have to wait back there while awaiting the rest of your party for a reservation (which will happen), you'll feel like you're in a beautiful kitchen hanging out watching all of these folks at work across the breakfast bar. It's really quite an experience. Warning: this is not a place to go for food. All they serve is popcorn to your table, so do not come with an appetite. You will get extremely smashed after 2 drinks. It's perfect for after dinner drinks.
I took a friend from Chicago here for drinks on his birthday. We are both fans of a place called Violet Hour in Chicago which is also a speakeasy so I figured this place would be perfect. It was! We got the door, rang the bell, and were told we could wait at the bar for a table. We were served our delicious drinks immediately and didn't wait too long for a table. The only weird thing that happened was that I had another friend coming to meet us and he told me that when he arrived the guy at the door told him it  was an hour wait until he said he was meeting people who were already inside. I could understand if my friend was dressed inappropriately but he was not.
We finally just redeemed a VERY generous gift certificate for here that we received as a wedding gift. We were pleasantly surprised by the amount of drinks (and snacks) we had for $100. (In total, 6 drinks and a snack came to $107). The drinks are delicious and well-executed, but definitely err on the side of sweetness. My preference is for the more standard, classic, no-frills kind of cocktails, but the ones here were a pleasant change. We had: Kentucky Buck Fifty: My favorite of the batch. I ordered it thinking the rye and spice combination would be overpowering which would make me drink it more slowly, but unfortunately it was perfectly smooth with a kick of sweetness, so I drank it all too quickly. I would order this over and over again. Self-Starter: A very smooth drink in which the gin takes center stage and is more savory than sweet. I was doubtful because I hate absinthe (even if it comes in the form of a rinse), but it didn't detract from the quality at all. Late Night Revival: A delicious, bubbly, sweet gin drink. Very, very refreshing. Pioneer... something? Looking at the website, it looks like the "American Trilogy" listed under "Stirred and Strong") but I really seem to remember "Pioneer" being in the name. Regardless, this was by far the strongest tasting/most standard cocktail we sampled... think Manhattan. My husband ordered it and I forget if it was made with bourbon, rye, or scotch (I'm guessing it was either bourbon or rye because it also had apple brandy) but whatever it was, it's a standard, traditional type cocktail that you must sip slowly. We also ordered the cheese/olive/meat dish. For $15 it was an excellent deal with a ton of food. Could easily be shared as a snack by up to 4 people. As for everything else - service was pleasant, but even if you get there right when it opens at 5pm on a Saturday, they will still make you give your phone number and do the 15 minute wait thing, despite the fact that they have more than enough tables. I guess it's all part of the speakeasy experience.
Charming, quaint, and downright civilized, but totally cheesy.  If you have a throw-back style speakeasy you can A) lock the door and have no sign B) have old-timey wallpaper and gas lamps C) play va va voom roaring 20's music.  However, if you do all 3, plus have a little chain you pull to summon Betty Boop the cocktail waitress, the result is the most hilarious Disney-fied bar experience since the Untouchables ride at MGM Studios. That said, it is comfortable and fun and the drinks are tasty, but it is certainly not hip or cool, if you care about that sort of thing.
Love the 1920's atmosphere and that they don't let it get too crowed. The cocktails were great and the ambiance perfect. We'll be back for sure :)
You get on 17th street and go down to a unmarked nice front door. A man opens the door and lets you in after checking ids, and etc. The place has sofas and chairs in sections of 2-4 people groups. You get a doorbell in the wall to press when you want to order your drinks. They also provide you with water and popcorn while you wait. They are pretty nice about letting people join you and being seated until they do. Drinks on first 6 pages or so are $13 and my order was the airmail (champagne mix) while my friend got a blackberry mix that was off menu. The drinks were a bit expensive for the most part at a 15-25 dollar range. This was def a date place where it was romantic dark everyone was coupled off...but a first date place where there was tons of talking and people sounding like they were trying to get to know eachother. The place was very intimate and you could spend forever (and rack up a huge bill) there.
Very nice to finally get in! The place is  intimate, exclusive and not packed. The service is superb, the bouncer/ doorman took good care of us. The drinks are the best part, they have a great variety of cocktails that they carefully elaborate to perfection. It's best to go early since the wait is usually 2-3 hours on weekends.
Is that really a speakeasy with the outdoor porch? Whatever, welcome to the Roaring 20s. Loved the comfy tiny spot. Go to the bar to the very end to order your cocktail and go back to your assigned table. The only downside is that out of the 3 cocktails, I would not recommend any of them. Or maybe for guys...
You know that saying, "patience is a virtue" or "good things come to those who wait"? Well, all the above is true when you come to Raines Law Room! Coming here at 8pm on a Wednesday evening, I was told by the friendly Belgian bouncer that the wait for two would be an hour. Fortunately, my date was starving so I gave the bouncer my number (he warned it was a going to be a private number) and off we went to eat. The bouncer was right on - an hour later, we got the call saying there was space for 2 at the bar! Sitting at the "kitchen"/bar area is actually a lot of fun, as that's where all the action happens. This particular section is standing only but there were two short stools in the corner, that we got to take over. The bouncer does come by when seats in the front section are open so if you really must sit down, just be patient. Perusing the menu, neither of us found a drink that really caught our fancy, so we told the affable bartender that we both wanted a sweet cocktail. After a few questions - what was our favorite type of liquor, our least favorite and asking if I liked cream in my drinks, he produced divine cocktails for the both of us! Mine was called the Bee's Knees - Jamaican rum, honey, heavy cream. Oh. My. God. The cocktail ($13) was perfect. Smooth, light, subtle and strong. Two of them got me tipsy. My date thought mine tasted a bit like eggnog, which I guess was sort of true. Two big bathrooms, both clean. Check out the wallpaper on the loo on the left side. Unless you are a baller, this isn't the place to spend all night in. But if you want to impress a date or have a few quiet drinks with a friend or two, this is the place to come.
My friends and I decided to meet for a few drinks after work on one Friday evening.  I am a huge fan of Prohibition-style bars and mixology houses, so I suggested that we try Raines Law Room, which I had yet to visit.  I was the first to arrive and almost walked past the secret black door.  I finally caught onto their gimmick and rang the doorbell.  A tall, lanky, Lurch-like concierge greeted me at the door and invited me to wait in their "bar" until a table was available to accommodate my group of 4.  I walked through the dimly lit lounge and into the bright oasis that they consider their bar.  In actuality, this space resembled a beautifully constructed country-style kitchen complete with beverage chefs that were composing elegant drinks from custom spirits, fresh herbs, and ripe fruits.  My waiting time flew by as I observed their every step, learning the ins and outs of cocktail composition.  I also overheard something about a garden out behind the building, but decided to linger within and continue my lesson instead. A table opened up shortly after, and I was escorted there to await my friends' arrivals.  I was told that by pulling on a lamp charm to my right, i would be able to summon the cocktail waitress as soon as we were ready to order.  I smiled at the quaint concept and began to navigate the menu.  My friends soon appeared, and we debated over creative selections in a range of interesting categories, such as the "Tall & Fizzy Cocktails" and the "Short & Shaken Cocktails".  The menu also included various wines and beers.  In the end, I decided on a seasonal Berry Rickey, which was light and flavorful, but still managed to pack a punch...However, the strength of the drink was nothing in comparison to my friend's "Philadelphia Story", which was listed under the "Strong & Potent" category.  It's blend of scotch, St. Germain, grapefruit, and bitters was nowhere near as light as it sounded, but I mean that in a good way!  Also, since we had yet to eat dinner, we were delighted by the bowl of nuts that joined our beverages on the coffee table in front of us. Raines Law Room provided the perfect atmosphere for this small group of friends that wanted to catch up over some drinks.  The fact that the cocktails were each made with such care and craftsmanship was an added bonus.
This is a great place if you want to enjoy your drink and the skill that the mixologists put into it while also being able to have a nice conversation with friends or a date.  If you're looking for a wild, loud time with cheap drinks this is probably not your bag.  Drinks are reasonable given the type of place Raines Law Room is trying to be, or at least the category they are striving for.
So disappointing.  We had a reservation (they take reservations Su-Tu) but they made us wait in the kitchen/bar area for about 20 minutes.  The A/C unit was dripping so they turned it off and it got oppressively warm. I get what they are trying to do with the kitchen format instead of the traditional bar format but it just doesn't work.  The interaction with the bartenders is minimal and it is just awkward.  There is so much crap all over the place, it's hard to find a place to put your drink down where it won't be in the way.   Another gimmick with this bar is that you need to pull a cord or push a call button to get service.  A light corresponding to your table number lights up in the kitchen/bar and then they come out to see what you want.   Once we got a table, they sat us at the one and only table without a button or cord to call for service.  Do not, I repeat, DO NOT let them seat you at the two seats next to the fireplace.  Because there is no call button, they do not pay attention to you. Even though they assured me that they would.  Plus, the host kept taking our menu to give to other people so we'd have to get someone's attention, get a menu, and then get another person's attention to order. It was annoying to have to be the only party in the place flagging people down. The clientele that night were so annoying. Tourists dressed in shorts and t-shirts with all their shopping bags, old people making out, a girl with a nasal voice who kept saying "oh my god" really loudly, another girl rushing to the bathroom to throw up.  I understand the bar has no control over this, but it speaks to the type of people this place attracts.  It really ruins the ambience and the fun of a special night out. Yet another place where you have to find an unmarked door and be buzzed in. Better drinks are made at other places in NYC. This place is not worth the annoyance.
Recently went with a friend for a pre-dinner drink and really enjoyed it.  As we walked through the main room to get to the kitchen standing room in the back, my nose was struck with wafts of lemony scents.  The lemon must have been coming from such drinks like the bourbon Gold Rush which my friend ordered and seemed to like.  I ordered the French Affair for myself--a ménage à trois of strawberries, cognac, and yellow chartreuse.  We both enjoyed this one better.  I will be back.
The drinks were just okay, prices are high, we ordered 3 cocktails and olives/ cheese/, which were not even considered good, and turned out only the Bramble was okay. One thing I really dont appreciate is that most of the time there are half of the tables/ seats available but they just kept people waiting. Some of the seats are being vacant at least for 20-30 mins while there are people standing at the bar or waiting outside. there are plenty of speakeasy in the city to try out and I will definitely not coming back.
Props for having some ambiance but not being pretentious. At $12-$15/cocktail, you have some wiggle room, too. (A little bit...) Most noticeable difference between RLR and other speakeasies is that the drinks were actually *strong*. I really loved the Lion's Tail and the Penicillin. There's definitely a buzz in the room, but you can hear your friends and hear yourself think. The jazz music was a really nice touch. Truly a delightful time. Rezzies Sunday-Tuesday are a nice feature!
Despite being in NYC for almost 4 years now, I just visited my first speakeasy - likely because I was too poor before.  But now that I can afford to drop $13+ per drink occasionally, I made my way to Raines and really enjoyed the experience.   After watching two guys in front of us get rejected, we were prepared for a long wait, at the very least.  But then the mustachioed Frenchman opened the door a moment later, asked us how many (three), and told us he might have a spt for us.  A few minutes later, he was back, and led us to a sheer black curtained room with luxe booths.  We all loved it, and settled in to read the drink menu.  We each tried something different - I had the Airmail, the bf had the Fort Knox, and the bff had the Toyko Prose.  Except for the bff, we all loved our drinks, and the modest but tasty charcuterie platter she ordered.  The bf graciously switched drinks with the bff, and I drank a bit of the Toyko Prose as well - it wasn't horrible, but nothing I'd want again.  The blood orange flavor was too strong.   The bf wanted another round, and got the Gold Rush, which was out group's favorite of the evening.  We'll definitely be back, and I don't think the novelty of the chain pull waitress call will get old too soon :)
It's complicated. First off, Raines is a beautiful, soothing setting that somehow manages to feel both sultry and funereal all at once. It has the cache of the faux-speakeasy (the first time I tried to go we literally could not find the door), it felt exclusive and somewhat mysterious. The decor is lovely and impeccable. It was quiet but not empty. The cocktails my friends and I had were delicious-- the Iconoclast and the Gold Rush were two that stuck out. And many of the menu items, as far as I know, are legitimate "vintage" cocktails. However. Starting at $13 a drink, the prices are a bit prohibitive for normal people-- which can cast a pall over the whole experience. Also, part of the reason these places appeal to people is that if you are, again, normal and don't go in for velvet rope b.s. but want a a taste of something a little different, the "speakeasy" feels exclusive but accessible. Its supposed to feel slightly illicit, but classy. But these days, it's not where you go to be protected from the city's riffraff-- i.e. non-zillionaires. So given that, while I understand the purpose of the (bouncer? doorman? European Charon/ St. Peter- like gatekeeper?) the situation here felt pretentious and even stressful. I base this in part on the observation that there's an inconsistent dress code, only in effect on certain days, or possibly arbitrarily determined by the capricious whims of the door fellow. Apparently it's enforced for men and not women (and believe me, considering a few of the girls who were let in wearing hot pants, looking classy or appropriate has nothing to do with it). Already having friends inside to vouch for you will not help. Having been there last week wearing the same thing will not help. And that's why places like this, while such a wonderful idea in theory, when executed too smugly become just another reminder of how NY is going to hell. I want to like it. I do like it. But it's too depressing.
Officially my favorite speakeasy/bar/general drinking establishment in New York! Very well crafted, delicious drinks. $13-$20+ for drinks, pretty good price considering the amount of care that goes into each drink--though worth noting, drinks are pretty small. The bartenders are very knowledgeable, too--you can literally tell them what you're in the mood for, and they'll either help you choose a drink or make one off the menu. The atmosphere is very chill, low key--someone says it feels like you're sitting in a wealthy person's living room--I have to agree. The noise level is pretty low, sort of a soft murmur so that you can have a conversation without raising your voice, but you can't hear what your neighbors are saying--perfect. And this place is very class without being pretentious at all. Service is great, they don't rush you, are very courteous, and have this wonderful system where you pull a little doorbell type thing if you want service--otherwise they leave you alone. I was here on Monday with a friend; we made reservations for 10:15, but at the door we heard some people walking away muttering about a "five hour wait" or something. I thought to myself, hm, I'm not sure this place will still be open in 5 hours, but maybe I heard them wrong or something. And the time before that, I came in at 1am on a Saturday so there wasn't really a wait, either. So it's not too impossible to get into, but it's good to plan. Also worth noting, they have an outdoor patio that closes at ten. I want to check it out, especially with this nice weather. And their bathroom wallpaper is a really cool/interesting damask pattern. I'll leave it for you to stare at it. This is an awesome place, I advise you not to come so I can continue not having much trouble getting in. Thanks :)
Cute. The drinks were good and I liked that the tables had little doorbells for when you wanted service.  I felt a little underdressed in jeans, but appreciated the slightly retro, upscale atmosphere.
It was around 7:30 on a rainy Sunday when my friend and I ventured into Raines Law Room for a cocktail. We did not have a reservation, but were greeted and welcomed in. The place had just opened at 7pm and was still quiet. There were about 4 couples already seated and chatting quietly. The place is very dark, and pretty much looks like your grandmother's basement...a decent amount of dinge, complete with vintage velvet chairs and couches. My friend and I made our way back to the bar and ordered up a few cocktails. The bar staff were nice enough, and soon we were sipping delicious raspberry and gin drinks. Rather than stand awkwardly at the tiny bar counter, which is covered in cocktail ingredients, and make conversation with...no one, we took our drinks to one of the couches in the lounge area. None of the couches had reservation signs on them, and the friendly waiter brought over some waters and kettle corn as soon as we settled in. We were on sip 5 or 6 of our cocktails, when a host came over and explained that the table was reserved and we would have to move. Ok, not the best situation, but I get it. They needed the table. So, the host proceeded to bring us to one of the booths--basically two velvet couches facing each other with a tiny table in between, where there was a couple canoodling on the couch that would have been directly across from us ...probably an arm's length away. Rather than stare at the couple making out on their date, we pulled the host aside and asked if there was anywhere else we could sit. He brought us to another pair of couches that was unoccupied. My friend and I giggled and griped a bit about about how awkward it would have been to sit across from the date, especially since there were many other tables available. 15 minutes later, we had almost finished our drinks, when the host approached AGAIN to tell us that this table was reserved and that we'd have to move. The he tried to bring us to the date's booth AGAIN. At this point, I was clearly annoyed, we took the last sip of our drinks and requested our check. I made sure to tell the host exactly what I thought of how we were treated. I will never return to this lounge. If they would have let us know that we needed a reservation to get in, we would have shrugged our shoulders and found another spot. But the way we were whisked from table to table was completely unacceptable. I have no idea why this place is so popular on Yelp. My advice if you are dying to go here would be to get some gin and fresh raspberries, muddle them together and go sit in your grandma's basement....exact same experience. Except you won't have to keep moving from couch to couch at grandma's.
I loved this space, probably one of the cooler speak-easy type bars. In the beginning there were no seats so we hung around the bar area which I thought was kind of cool, it's like hang in out in someones kitchen. We finally got a couple of seats and chilled out while sipping on Genever. The cocktail was supper yummy I forgot the name but it was Genever, mint, cuckes. We each had two or three and I will say didn't feel much of a buzz which is the only bad thing I can say. Overall it's a cool place if you can get in.
Well considering the NYC back lash has undoubtedly prob already began...which is why I don't hesitate to review, no point in keeping it a secret. Worth the experience. Novel idea with the kitchen bar.
One of my favorite places to go for a cocktail in the city. Intimate and loungey -- a great date spot or place to catch up with a couple of friends. Difficult to accommodate groups of more than six or so, and chances are you will have to wait to get inside, even on a weeknight. But they'll take your number and give you a call as soon as they have space -- Raines lacks the pretension of other speakeasies I've been to. Most importantly, the drinks: You really cannot go wrong with the cocktail menu here. Gogogogo. :)
Oh..My..Goodness.  After searching NY for a really cool place to have some drinks, we found this place courtesy of Yelp.  We went right when it opened at 5 on a Monday, and they seated us right away.  The host did tell us that because we didn't have reservations, he may have to move us to the bar area later, which was fine, but luckily we didn't have to move. I was amazed by the beautiful art deco style of the place.  The furniture, fixtures, even the ceiling was like walking out of a time machine.  **Tip** Take a close look at the wall paper; there's a naughty little surprise hidden in the filigree!   The vibe of the place is awesome.  It's quiet.  Which is so hard to find in the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas or New York.  It's dark and romantic.  And I love, love, love how you have to pull a little chain to let the waitress know you're ready to order.  Such a cool, interesting touch. The drinks are amazing.  I'll admit I didn't know what most of the ingredients were in some of them, but the drinks were strong yet not overpowering.  I had a Bramble and a Bee's Knees.  My husband had a Penicillin and a Gold Rush.  The Bee's Knees and Penicillin weren't on the menu, but the ladies making drinks in the bar (which actually looks just like a kitchen, another cool touch) knew their classics. Raines Law Room was one of my most favorite places that we went to in NY.  My experience there was one for the books.
This place is currently my favorite speakeasy in NYC.   Aside from the throwback vibe starting with the name and entrance doorbell, the dimly lit interior with loungey couches and impeccable pull-chain drink service, the interior kitchen where you are basically chilling with the extraordinary bartenders and a couple other invariably interesting patrons, aside from these things... RLR combines two of my loves in one glass- the love of the Islay peated single malt whisky with that of the superlatively crafted cocktail.  Bold yet brilliant.  The successful combination of peated single malt with anything is actually impossibly difficult, so my complete adulation of this creation is testament to the godlike mixological prowess exhibited at this shrine to a bygone era. On a more practical note- very little cell phone reception in this place, particularly the kitchen area.  Beware.
There are so many speakeasies in NYC, but Raines is one I will actually come back to time to time. I came here for the first time on a date sans reservation and we were still seated right away. The bar area is open and you can stand around, observing your bartenders zest lemons and shake cocktails in a fancy manner. The couches out front are cozy and the lighting is undoubtedly romantic. Service is average and they can get a bit gruff if you nurse your drink, but the atmosphere is very throwback 20's and makes you feel in-the-know. It's definitely not as pretentious or as annoying as the other speakeasies. So all in all I'm happy to patronage.
I really love this place, I do. A classy speakeasy that's hidden. No passwords or silly pretenses to this place. Has a 1920's feel to it. Unique & lovely atmosphere. Waitresses are nice and attentive. And those drinks are strong. You don't even realize till the next day. Sneaky... Come with girlfriends, a big group, or just as a couple. The wallpaper in the bathroom? I love. Coming back. I really enjoyed this spot. A lot.
This place is super cute!  I came here in a group of four and we had to wait approximately 1 hour to be seated, which was fine because Rye was across the street.  Loved the decor/vibe that the place gave off!   The drinks are pretty unique -- my roommates ordered a blood orange-lambrusco drink that looked delicious, and I ordered the only drink that they had on the menu with flor de cana.  I'm not huge on cocktails, but I was pretty content with the blend of flavors in my drink.   We spent a majority of the time people watching -- it's not a super "social" atmosphere, but it was definitely a good time!  I would come here again for a chill (albeit expensive) night.  They had an outdoor patio in the back that looked awesome too -- too bad it was raining!
I'm not really into the whole faux-speakeasy craze that's taken the city by storm. They make a good, if expensive, Manhattan though.
(Preface:  This place is on my "Two-Week List," in which I list the top twenty restaurants and bars that I'd go to if some soothsayer came up to me and told me that I only had two weeks to live.  Check out the full list on my profile!) This place is so decadent.  Not a stone is left unturned-- the doorman with his French moustache, the little beaded cord that you pull to summon your waiter, and the wallpaper depicting fornication.  (Seriously-- go there and look closely!)  Suede and leather furniture throw you back in time.  Small wall lamps with beads adorn the walls.  Velvet curtains abound.  Raines Law Room is classy but it's approachable.  Here, you can simply make a reservation via email and be accommodated.  (Whereas at PDT you have to rely on luck and getting through busy signals, at Death & Co. you have to deal with a really rude "gatekeeper," at Bathtub Gin you have to know the owner, and at the Back Room you have to practically bribe your way in.  Also, I have been to ALL of those places and they're just not as good-- drink-wise, in ambience, or in service.)   This is not the place to go to mingle, to meet new people, or to enjoy a drink alone.  But it is a place to focus on who you're with, to catch up in small groups, and to immerse yourself in absolute luxury.  The price is really good for New York, too-- drinks are over ten, but under fifteen.  Much better prices than STK's $19 dirty pearls martini.  (Which I LOVE, despite that.) When I haven't made a reservation, I've been allowed to stand at the bar and wait for the next seats.  Standing at the bar is really fun-- it feels as if you're standing in the kitchen of some rich Victorian's house, watching all of the innerworkings of his butler and kitchen staff.  This is just such a special place.  It's one of those places that you must do-- whether you're visiting New York for the weekend or are a lifetime resident.
I showed up last night, alone, and didn't have to wait at all. The guy at the door was friendly and directed me back to the bar area, which was awesome! The bar is in its own room, behind the main room, where all the tables are. So basically, I got to hang out with the bartender, Anthony, and the rest of staff. We shot the shit, discussing important topics, such as Phil Jackson and the Royal Wedding. It was a really nice time. My Manhattan was delicious and Anthony even made me a special drink which was basically a bourbon negroni (instead of gin). Really nice. Highly recommended.
A great place to enjoy a cocktail.  The drinks here really great.  Being a speakeasy, the drinks are definitely pricey ($12-15).  That said, I enjoyed all the drinks I tried here and I definitely will come back here again at some point.
The wait's long but as with most good things, it's worth the wait. As with most speakeasies, the atmosphere is very intimate. Seating is made up entirely of sofas/booths, which have curtains that allow you to make it a more private affair if you wish. All the drinks my friends and I got were pretty phenomenal. Unfortunately, I can't remember all the names since we ordered a number of them but the one that stood out the most was the Dulcinea, which had a delicious smoky aftertaste. It's a strong but smooth drink. Our server was also very patient and helpful as we tried to decide what we wanted. I went with 4 others, which seemed like a good number. Any more, and it would've been too cramped. This place is a must.
**I'd actually give this place 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because it's my first speakeasy and I hold it near and dear to my heart.** I heard great things about Raines, and even more about speakeasies, so I was extremely excited to check this place out, especially after a long winter day in NYC. HOW TO FIND IT & WHAT TO DO: It's pretty hidden, but look for a wind shelter near Le Petite Abiete and you'll find Raines. Ring the doorbell and wait for the man with a mustache and a suit to come out to get your name and number. He'll call you from an "unknown" number when there's room to seat you. **Tip: My friend and I had to wait for a good 30 minutes before we could be seated, so we scurried over to the Flatiron Lounge, which is a few streets over, to throw back a few cocktails before we could enter Raines. ATMOSPHERE Classic 20's feel with great mood lighting and large comfortable leather couches and chairs. Apparently it's located underneath a hotel, and it definitely had a Prohibition Era-type feel to it. When you finally get inside, you may have to stand in the back kitchen, which is basically the bar. I actually liked the bar more than the actual speakeasy because it was more well-lit and the decor consisted of old culinary books and vintage alcohol. The other side was an "open bar," similar to an open kitchen. It was really cool being able to interact directly with the mixologists and watch them make our strong (and tasty) drinks. The service was great, but I would've appreciated being seated earlier. We had to wait for at least another hour in the "kitchen/bar" before we could be seated inside the actual speakeasy. DRINKS I stuck to gin-based drinks all night (CUCUMBER GIMLET and a BLUEBERRY GIN drink), while my friend had a cucumber gimlet and a DARK AND STORMY, both of which were divine. The drinks here were made with high quality alcohol and fresh citrus, which make a huge difference. They were also very strong. Overall, I highly recommend Raines and will definitely come back whenever I'm in town. It set the standard for all future speakeasies and I can only hope that the ones in San Francisco will be at least half as sexy and memorable as Raines.
A great "hidden" gem near Union Square / Flatiron.  I came here on a Thursday night with a date, and was very impressed.  I'd say its a great date location, very intimate and funky - not your typical bar at all.  Generally there's always about an hour wait, so just get there early and take a walk around Union Square for a while, they'll call you when a table is available.  I enjoyed the Princeton - a strong yet slightly sweet cocktail made of gin, port and bitters with a twist.  And my date ordered "the girliest thing on the menu" which was some blackberry and champagne concoction, yet still very strong.  An extremely intimate and comfortable space, splendid staff and stiff drinks.  I'll definitely be back!
Upon walking into Raines, I thought "oh no, please not another pretentious bar" because it was a little hidden and you have to ring a bell to get in. But after sitting down in one of the booths, that first impression quickly melted away. Comfy couches, great service - especially love the little pull string to call for service - and great drinks. My drink of the night was the New York Highball... or as I call it "evil in a glass". Be careful of this drink because it creeps up on you. Atmosphere is perfect for great conversation between friends, while the dim lighting and almost-private booths is a great contender for the romantics.
My newest find for delicious drinks in NYC. As others have noted, it's sort of hard to find (unmarked door with a buzzer), but not that hard. Apparently everyone else has found it too, because it can get really crowded. When it does, leave your name and cell phone number at the door and hope they call back within an hour (or two).  Otherwise, I like going on a Mon-Wed and calling ahead for a reservation. Sure they've got amazing drinks - you can't go wrong. But the thing that sets this place apart is actually the venue. Once you're inside, it's amazingly luxurious and spacious for an NYC lounge, and it feels like you're sipping drinks in a library.  On nice fall/spring nights, there's a nice patio in the back with tables and benches too!
Last night was my first time here and it was great. The drinks were amazing and the overall experience was awesome. The only negative aspect of it was the hostess. I really hope management speaks to her because she was very rude, impatient and sarcastic. At first, I was very uncomfortable with the way she spoke to my friend and I and also to ladies before us. The ladies before us decided to leave because they couldnt take the way she spoke to them. It is a great establishment but management should focus on staff and ensure their customers are treated with respect. Other than the rude hostess, everything else was great. The penicilins were amazing and I cant wait to return. I hope the hostess fixes her attitude though.
"This muh-fucka can't be surrious!" exclaimed one of the the three swarthy Iberian men that were refused entry by the doorman.  "Oh no, my hairy chum" I thought as we left Raines Law Room as the aforementioned group proceeded to fume and fuss around the entrance.  "They're surrious as fuck here." Dear readers: Get ready to swallow any qualms about pretentiousness before you walk through these doors...  because once you enter, the dark wood paneling, deliciously made cocktails and 1920's ambiance of Raines Law Room will bring you into the mix, and you have no choice but to just go along for the ride.  (un)Luckily, your humble author is innately drawn to pretention like dates to bacon wrapped goat cheese.  You see...  you see how I went there?  :p Extreme Pros:  Deliciously made drinks with balance and panache.  Of course, being the insufferable fool that I am, these excellently made Prohibition era cocktails influenced me to employ a Cagney-esque cadence to all of my orders.  "Gimme a Blood and Sand, see?  And hold the fruit, riiight?"  Too bad I sound more like Babyfark McGeezax from "The Pinewood Derby" episode of South Park than the titular gangster in the excellent black and white gangster flick "The Public Enemy".   Cons:  I guess they were trying to adhere to 1920's standards (as in pre-air conditioning days) because it was hot as fuck inside!  Seriously sweltering...  and I think I'm pretty inured to hot weather after a few summers working out in the 115 degree San Bernardino sun.  Also, strangely enough, our server was not impressed by my 20's era gangster patois...  lots of rolling of eyes and sighing whenever she took my order.  To which I mentally fantasized about another characteristic of the characters that Mr. Cagney portrayed.  To wit:  1.bp.blogspot.com/-HIMgI…  BIRCHHHH!!!!
Awesome bar, great drinks, nice atmosphere. This is a great spot to have a conversation while having amazing drinks. There is usually quite a wait, but you can wait at the kitchen for some of it, which is nice. Definitely worth the wait.
Gorgeous interior. Dark, luxurious leather seating. Wood paneling. Velvet curtains. Creative house cocktails...even better execution of classics. There's a bar area in the back where you can watch the bartender zest and freshly juice in real-time. I would live here if I could (think this makes me a lush...albeit a classy one). Best part? You know that flight attendant button above your airplane seat? Raines has the speakeasy equivalent -- a light activated by small metal chain. Perfect for all napkin, menu, drink and check needs.
I came here again on a Thursday Night and this time around, dark curtains were in effect around each booth.. All I have to say is... WHY IS THIS PLACE SO FREAKING SEXY?!?! :)
This place is really, really sexy! Intimate, romantic space with a great selection of champagne. Drink menu is a little hard to read because of the low lighting, but the waiters make great drink suggestions. It's small and reservation only, which keeps the crowd to a minimum and the noise level perfect for conversation. After a little while, it feels like you're living in a completely different time.
This is the perfect setting for an intimate date.  It's quiet, cozy and they play great music.  They also have a bell to ring when you need more drinks so you aren't bothered when you don't want to be.  You do need need to make a reservation via email before going, but it's so worth it to plan in advance and reserve a spot here.  We tried a lot of drinks when we went but one that really stood out was the Andean Dusk, be sure to try this if you go
Intimate, hidden, small. Cocktails were well made and strong and came with these huuuuge ice cubes, which I loved. Be prepared for a little wait.
Cool spot for a date or group of friends. However, long ass waits make it kinda annoying since there's not much else in the area. You can put your name down and chill at the bar across the street--wait seems like it's usually 1-2 hours. I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said. It's worth checking out once or twice but I think it's a pretentious spot and not worth dropping $15-20 per drink when you can get the same drinks at other bars, minus the fancy names and descriptive text.
I love this place!! The cocktails are fantastic and the ambiance is the best part of the whole experience. However- I really wish that it was easier to make a reservation here. And if they served food, I would give this place five stars. Still the cocktails and the atmosphere deserve a 5 star rating! My favorite cocktail lounge at the moment.
This quintessential speakeasy hits all the marks: dim lighting, tufted velvet sofas and wingback chairs, and specialty drinks. An additional perk is the selective wait service, based on pushing a doorbell, the waitress appears quickly, but doesn't bother if not called... also expertly trained to answer all drink/liquor related questions and make suggestions based on taste. You are greeted by a host/hostess who takes your coat and guides you to your table - the front room is a shared living room space where multiple groups can sit and congregate, further down a narrow walkway are private, curtain-closed seating areas, and then in the back a well-light white-tiled kitchen with spices and bowls of fresh berries and herbs at the mixologist's disposal... the ambiance and theme are coherent and no detail was overlooked. Great for dates or groups. Make reservations Sunday - Tuesday!
I dipped into this cozy speakeasy for drinks with a good friend on a cold snowy winter night.... what an incredible experience. The ambiance is warm and intimate, styled in prohibition-era leather furniture (look really closely at the wallpaper). Each table has a cord that you pull to get service. The drinks were amazing. They have an extensive list of hand crafted signature cocktails. I would definitely recommend the Gold Rush! If you are looking for a warm ambiance and a stellar cocktail, Raines Law Room is your place!
Pretty cool atmosphere for a speakeasy. A lot easier to get into then PDT or Milk & Honey. And the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgable, not pretentious at all unlike some of the other speakeasy's where they act like its a privelage for them to even serve you. Will definitely be coming back here.
A breath of fresh air in a city plagued by pretentious venues; perhaps the best speakeasy in NY. Most other speakeasies are in poppin' hoods. They also tend to be packed and trendy, which tends to take away from the experience, in my opinion. This place is as discreet as it gets. You won't see a line of people waiting to get in. In fact, if they are full, they will take your mobile number and actually phone you when a table opens! Once inside, you are ushered into an intimate atmosphere, in the setting of a living room. There is a garden, too, but that was closed by the time I got there. The seating arrangements are such that larger parties may enjoy some limited seclusion, as semitransparent drapes are used as dividers. Each table has a small light on the wall. Pull the chain for service. Cocktails are $13, strong, fancy and creative. I recommend the Gold Rush. A bit expensive, but you pay for the whole experience. +1 atmosphere +1 service +1 drink creativity +1 calling your phone +1 everything Glad I came. I will definitely return when I want to impress someone.
My friend, Tom D introduced me to this gem of a place and it was an instant love affair. I belong in the Roaring 20s and this place has a dignified charm to it. The people there sometimes are business professionals and it is sort of dressy, but Tom and I were not dressed up and didn't feel awkward. I was wearing a simple dress and funky heels. Other types of people who go there are artsy and everyone sort of hangs out at the "bar/kitchen" there is a garden that's open until 10 pm as well. I prefer the plush chesterfield furniture. There are call buttons for your waiter or waitress by you (sort of like the button you would press for a flight attendant minus the obnoxious sound). My favorite drink there is the Madame George, but the cocktails are all incredible and really well thought out and elegantly served. I highly recommend this place for groups or as a romantic place for conversation. I love the decor and the staff is very interesting, friendly and knowledgeable about their menu.
Try everything on the menu. This little secret is amazing.
This is a real speakeasy with a doorbell and everything. No sign on the outside, very hush, hush. The staff does take themselves a little too seriously, but amazing prohibition drinks. I love the effort and care they take to make every drink. But, because they care.. it takes them time. This is NOT a club. No one is yelling at you "what you do you want?!" So come and relax. Having a reservation also helps. Cheers! btw. Happy Repeal Day!
Interesting and creative cocktails paired with a cool prohibition era decor and vibe.
There are literally hundreds of reviews of this place, most of them overwhelmingly positive, so all I'll add is that the Raines Law Room will transport you back to a time and place long since forgotten.  We were greeted at the door by a man who looked like Stephen Malkmus with a vague accent and ironic mustache, seated in a parlor with soft art deco furniture and softer lighting.  The cocktails were potent and imaginative.  Prices are high, but you are paying more for the once-in-a-lifetime experience than for the unique and adventurous libations.
This place has potential written all over it. The space itself is a-maaa-zing. It's demure and super sexy. My favorite thing about it is the kitchen area/bar in the back. It's like walking into someone's kitchen and ordering a drink. In fact, that is exactly what you are doing if you find yourself back here. Aside from the ambience, the drinks are mediocre. The staff (aside from the doorman) is extremely slow. 1 drink order in 30 minutes? Probably because there's only ONE bartender working the back! I guess this is the place to go to if you want to nurse whatever you order. The waitress got our drink orders all mixed up and didn't even know what she had brought out! The people across from me bounced after about five minutes because they hated their drinks. Yikes! They have this lighter buzzer system that is useless and doesn't work like it's meant to. I swear I pulled that thing twice and waited for 15 minutes before our waitress came over.
Love this place! The drink menu is amazing! The kitchen bar is just fab-u-licious! The wait and the madness getting in is well worth it. My go-to NYC speakeasy
Went here a little after midnight on a Friday with 3 friends.  We expected to have to wait for a table but were seated immediately (apparently they take your number and call when one becomes available anyway).  Cozy atmosphere, and less pretentious than some other "speakeasy" type bars that I have been to.  Great drinks at fair prices.
This speakeasy beats all that I've been to -- you're welcomed by a nice French-man, and immediately thrown into a whole new world, surrounded by the soft hush of French music, and some burgundy gauze curtains. Drinks are strong and delicious ($13 avg) and there's also a cute outdoor patio. Perfect place for a date, very swanky and sexy... impressive! *** Tip 1: Stand by the bar filled with fresh cut fruit, and watch the bartender a plethora of beautiful drinks with fresh squeezed juice and more.*** *** Tip 2 -- make a reservation if you can (Sun/Mon/Tues only); Otherwise, 1st come first serve only Wed - Sat ***
I've been here quite a few times and can always count on the same experience. The seating area is dimly lit, very classy atmosphere, and drinks that are worth all of $15. Perfect place to stop by late night
Amazing cocktails. Great service. Totally worth the experience!
This new bar, from a mixologist spawned from Milk and Honey and an amazing interior designer (lovely couches, wallpaper and antique mirrors aplenty) was delightful, but has some growing pains to work out. There was an issue, as I got there before my friend and watched as the doorman socialized in the back of the bar while my friend called me from outside the door which he didn't even seem to notice was being buzzed. I went up and let her in myself, and from there on out is was pretty smooth sailing, its just annoying when you see something like that happening. Also, their basement flooded the previous day and the table we were at, right near the door, had a distinct odor of raw sewage. When we brought it to management's attention, they were happy to relocate us, but we were ready to leave as we had a dinner reservation. The drinks were fantastic, easily on par with Milk and Honey, about $13 each. I had the Archangel, which was Gin, Cucumber and a blood red liquor or juice of some sort, which was excellent. My friend had a mojito that wasn't sweet which was incredible as well. The space is quiet and its easy to talk, the usual soft jazz was going on, and it felt like a dim parlor from the 50s with chaise lounges and couches around, and an intimate amount of friends. The bar area was gorgeous and unique and the bathrooms were beautiful as well. Overall I could really see myself starting to go here. The only caveat is that there are no reservations and its first come first served. They'll take your name and you can wait. But note that already, on a Wednesday, I got there at 7 and they were almost completely full. Around 9, when we were leaving there were a lot of empty tables, so I guess it turns over around then. Great new spot, really going to give some of the other great places in the city a run for their money, although its tough to plan a cool date here because of the no reservation policy. If I were them I'd do a PDT style system where you can make a reservation on the day of at a certain time so you don't look like an idiot if you try and go with a date. Cheers!
Cool place! I'm a sucker for speakeasies though. Totally nondescript outside but the inside is very cozy and comfy. Great for date night or even drinks with friends. Drinks were delish but expensive. But you know that going in. Service was excellent. When you need anything you just pull a little pull chain that alerts the waitress to stop by. With most of these types of places we find that going right after work/when they open is best; never a problem getting in and getting a table.
One great feature of this place, as well as most speakeasy's, is that if you don't know that it's there, you will not go in there; this is a good filtration system for a good crowd. I rang the doorbell and the host opened the door just a smidge to ask me "can i help you?". We were taken through the parlour area all the way to bar/kitchen in the back, which has beautiful decor, with a big island in the middle where you can watch the mixologists work, and chat with the other patrons. Then we were seated in our own little nook on very comfortable velvet couches, with a little button on the wall that you press everytime you need service. Overall, decor was fantastic, very classy, seductive, and entrancing. Not too loud, which is great, and has a very comfortable and chill atmosphere to it. The drinks were very good compared to most places, but some tasted a little bit watered down. I like the drinks at Little Branch better, but the atmosphere at RLR is my favorite so far.
Are you looking for posh? Are you looking for demure and sexy? Raines Law Room is definitely the place for you! As a fan of the classy, sophisticated lounge, where it's all about good drinks, good friends and good conversation, my experience at Raines was extremely enjoyable. Made my way down a dark set of steps next to the Chelsea Inn to ring a buzzer next to the Raines Law Room sign. Was introduced to a nicely dim room and led to plush velvet couches in a "private" booth. The curtains weren't closed, but that was fine, it was nice to take a look around. I love a smooth and tasty cocktail and the Champs Elysee made me quite happy. Although $13, it is still worth it in my mind. The music was jazz and quiet enough that I could still hear the conversation. The lights were just dim enough that I could still see my friend's faces. Will definitely return for the atmosphere.
Intimate, super sexy date spot. Lucky me, I had a super sexy date. I asked for vodka and was told they only served old liquors. So I asked the bartender to make me anything with black berries. I was not disappointed at all. I thought this place was a little sketchy at first. It's tucked away and can pass it right up if you're not paying attention. We were greeted by a guy at the door and was told we would have to wait for 20 min before we could come in. He took my dates number and told us he would call.  Glad we waited around.
Great spot for drink/meeting - obviously even greater if you're trying to have few witnesses for whatever reason. Smallish and fills up quick. Good drinks, and good place to have a conversation -- wish they'd open earlier.
I went to this modern "speakeasy" that my friend found, and we had a lovely time. The entrance is unmarked, and there is a doorbell with a sign that asks you to be patient. We rang it once, nothing happened. A few people came behind us and they rang it again, and the hostess showed them in as she had called them on the phone. She asked us to wait. We wait for a while, and then other people came and we rang the bell again. The hostess apologized for having forgotten about us, but she was very nice about it. Though perhaps to make it up, she and the bartender were friendly and mindful of us (or maybe they are just attentive without being oppressive naturally). I wasn't sure if there were specific rules to get in, but my friend said she never had any problems or long waits. We hung around the bar area before getting a seat, and I loved the interior. The wallpaper was quarky in the bar area and also the bathrooms, and I loved the dim lighting and old-feeling decor. The drinks, though not cheap, were delicious and I tasted different layers to our cocktails (we ordered the specials). The overall feeling was classy but not pretentious, and we definitely enjoyed ourselves in this seemingly hidden (at least from the outside) gem.
Excellent decompression zone. This place has been on my "to do" list for more than a year. So finally I roped one of my friends into to going there because we: 1) Both had a really rough week a work and.. 2) Really wanted to sit, talk and have a drink It is really close to where both of us work so we walked on over. Very uncertain as to the protocol we watched three ladies ahead of us chatting softly and as instructed on the plaque at the door they rang the bell. For a minute I was fearful when a guy came out with a small pad of paper and I thought: "uh-oh, is there a password or something to get in?" It is after all a speakeasy. Turned out not to be the case, but they had an hour wait (boooo). We hemmed and hawed for a moment but I forced the issue and said "put our names down" to the doorman. Something very sexy about that little secret entrance. Kind of felt like Alice in Wonderland before picking up the bottle labeled "drink me." So, after occupying ourselves for an hour at the Rye room, we got the call on our cell phone and skedaddled. I was right. We went though the looking glass. Please note this please is tiny. You really are sitting in a combination 1930s trendy living room slash "Murder on the Orient Express" railroad car (huh? TRUST ME). We walked in an I immediately breathed out all the stress over my work week and inhaled all the sultry, jazzy sexy quietness that is this fabulous lounge. It is a little cheeky with that wall paper that LOOKS baroque with all those scrolls and curlicues...OR IS IT? Look again - tastefully drawn sex! SCANDAL! So this is the atmosphere that you will absorb (sorry guys, no photos this time - I felt it would be tacky taking flash pictures in there so I opted out...you will just have to go). So we summoned our extremely knowledgeable server by pulling the chain on the wall (wink, wink, nudge, nudge, say no more, say no more, say no more!) Now onto the drinks... My friend said to the hostess: I want something with fizz. Hostess replied: Seltzer of Champagne? Answer: Champagne. Sweet or tart? Answer: slightly sweet. Solution: The Airmail. Flor-de-Cana 4 yr old Rum, Lime Juice, honey (!!!!), Chandon Sparkling. This was bright, sweet without being syrupy and danced on the tongue. My friend who is a singular Stella Artois drinker promptly converted to this high-end cocktail and downed two glasses of this concoction! INDEED! I honestly can not remember the name of my drinks and they are not listed in the online menu (boooo). But the first: was a tart, ginger/peppery explosion in my mouth. It has Lairds Bonded Apple jack, ginger, and some sort of rum with various other flavors (I promise, I will go back and get the recipe of all those who want to know). This is not a drink for the faint of heart and with the primary focus on ginger...I feel like I won't be getting a cold anytime soon! My second drink (also not on their on line menu (booooo) - was like drinking a delicious strawberry...I won't waste your time with my poor liquor infused memory...I will just go back and report back properly (maybe I did that on purpose just to give me an excuse to return, hmm?). Needless to say - I love this place. Intimate, sexy, relaxed and unpretentious not too loud. Lovely. I will definitely be back.
Recently moved to NYC so I can't really compare this place to what I suspect are many others like it.  What I can say is that like many others, I felt very happy the moment I stepped in.  Small, intimate atmosphere with velvet couches and dim lighting down the main room.  We sat near the back kitchen and watched them make our delicious cocktails with care (the hand-cranked juicer was being used constantly).  Can't wait to go back!
Imagine walking onto the set of "The Artist"...welcome to Rainies Law Room. Ok, so I may be exaggerating a little but that is exactly how I felt from the moment I walked through the door where I was greeted by a nicely dressed blonde gentleman who simply said "yes?" This was after I rang the doorbell to a suspicious black door. Upon entering the dim lighting, jazz music and leather couches set the mood for a sexy and fun time. We made our way to the back kitchen or "bar" area and ordered drinks. I had a bourbon drink that was well worth the $15. I can't say I have had a stronger drink in NYC. These people are serious mixologists. This feels like a true speakeasy, unlike many other places in NYC that are overly populated and lose the speakeasy feel. I would go back any day, any time, any year because once you walk through the door you are transported to the 1920's Next time I might just wear a flapper costume...
We had a special evening at Raines Law Room for my husband's birthday. Great service, great cocktails, and great environment. Can't wait to go back!
This was my first bar in New York City, and I will never, ever forget it. We rang a doorbell, and were greeted by a dapper man in a sharp suit. We couldn't get a booth, but we decided that standing in the back at the bar would be fine. I'm glad we did. We got to watch the bartender masterfully craft all of the delicious drinks and serve them up on the spot, and it was awesome. You can also ask him about things not on the menu--after telling him what I liked in a drink, he served up the perfect, quirky cocktail for me: A Bermuda Sour. My other drink was a Regal Pompadour, which was amazing. In short, go. Go, and enjoy. It'll be difficult for another speakeasy--or speakeasy, for that matter--to live up to the standard that Raine's Law Room has set. This is a very top-notch bar, and I highly, highly recommend it. Date night, ladies night, whatever. You will not regret it. Oh yeah. And the wall paper is awesome.
Came here last weekend and had a very nice time. This bar caters to intimate groups. You can bring a small group of friends, get a seat, and be able to hear each other talk (wow, I sound old). We were a group of 6 and did not have a reservation. We knew we would have a wait, so we dropped by before dinner and put our name on the list. The bouncer took our phone number and called us about an hour or so later. I liked the atmosphere and cozy feel. I was easily impressed with the design of the place and how homey it felt. The waitstaff were all great and the drinks were strong and tasty. I will definitely go back.
If you play your cards right, this is the perfect place to take a few friends and have a chill drink.  I would recommend going late on a weeknight with just a few people. I had the Rickey, which was delicious, but I am not into fancy cocktails.  I liked the wine and beer selection that was available.   The ambiance is great.  Because there are so few tables, and therefore patrons, it feels more like someone's living room than a bar.  You can actually hear your friends talk, which is worth the higher prices.   Also, super bonus points for the erotic wallpaper: apartmenttherapy.com/la/…
What an awesome spot! discovered this on a night where I ran out of option. Great speak easy bar, the drinks we're awesome and the concept was excellent. They have separate booths (If you can get one) and when you need a drink you tug on a chain and you booth number lights up at the bar and someone will come and attend to you, at times the service is slow but the drinks are worth it. Will definitely impress anyone from out of town. It's a great spot for a catch up or even after a dinner date.
Excellent atmosphere, friendly staff, and amazing drinks. If you like spicy drinks, get the Kentucky Bucks Fifty; it's possibly the best drink I've ever had. This place is popular so go on an off night, make a reservation (Sun-Tues only), or be prepared to wait a long time. Regardless, this place is worth the effort. The way the place is laid out, avoid going with a large group. 2-3 people is ideal.
I am looking forward to warm weather so it won't be so painful when I have to stand outside and wait for the doorman to answer the bell. On a whim we stopped here on a frigid Thursday night, rung the bell and were told that we could add our name to the list for a table or spot at the bar, it would be about a 45 minute wait. We had pre-cocktails at Crema down the street while waiting. We received a call that our table was ready but by the time we got back to Raines, 45mins later, (our fault because we couldn't stop talking over at Crema and lost track of time) the table was given away. We were told to wait another 10 mins for a spot at the bar, fair enough since we were late for our original appointment. The doorman was pleasant and accommodating. Once inside everyone was so pleasant and friendly, no attitudes here. When you enter it's a dark smoky room with brown velvet curtains, chocolate sheers, tin ceilings and quirky decor. It looks like an apartment which is exactly what it was prior to being the store Apartment 48. The space is mostly composed of booths towards the back that are draped in chocolate sheers. Very cozy if you score one. This is not a place for people watching or mingling since everyone is pretty much limited to their table or the bar. This is a place for catching up with friends or an intimate date. We weren't able to score a table and were sent back to the bar which in contrast to the rest of the space was very bright. The bar feels more like a kitchen (it essentially is a kitchen) and patrons were crowded around the island like you would do at a house party. Our server was Kendra, I liked her not only because we share the same moniker but because she was down to earth and answered all of our silly questions. My friend and I both started out with the Spy Glass,  this drink is so deliciously light and sweet. The drink reminds me of that ice cream that comes in a cup with the bubble gum at the bottom but better of course. The doorman Paul kept checking on us throughout the night and managed to score us a table in the front which was fantastic but since it was a cold night it was a little chilly sitting there. We sat in the front on the side behind the coat check and unfortunately there must have been some rain or mildew damage because it smelled a little rotten. We told Paul and he told us they had a little rain damage and offered to move us but we were ready to head home at that point, it was a school night after all. Overall it was a pleasant experience  I would definitely come here again for the wonderfully crafted drinks, hopefully next time we can secure a cozy booth.
You will not find the place if you don't know where to look. My wife and I arrived before opening so the door was unlocked!!!!! You have to ring the doorbell to get in if you get there when they are open!!!!! Their effort to recreate the atmosphere of a speakeasy worked. Almost like sitting in your living room with a group of friends. Dark, comfortable, and cozy. They create special, mostly champagne based specialty drinks which are at least interesting. Little in the way of food or munchies, otherwise nearly a perfect place for a drink and conversation.
Ok, this is a must go! When you penatrated this place, you are send back to new york city ... Year 1890. Drinks are orginal and inspired from an other era. Decoration, service: everything is impressing!! Low lights, jazzy music, secret place ambiance from the pre prohibition era: everything is in place to live a unique experience. Tip: arrive early since there a lot of people interested and not a lot of seats.
Great drinks, but it's so small that the wait times get outrageous quickly and the acoustics make it hard to hear across from you. I prefer the downtown speakeasies like Little Branch to this one.
don't come here! it's mine!   raines has everything pretty much exactly right. the drinks lacked a little something, but i have high hopes for the 6 month old establishment--a few more seasons will provide inspiration to the earnest mixologists i'm sure anyway, it totally sucked! don't come! it was the worst!
One of the best speakeasies we went to when we hopped our way through speakeasies in NY. The staff is friendly and I love how the bar set up is a kitchen! Drinks here were solid and delicious! Be sure to make reservations! The entrance is similar to an underground bar, nothing fancy or secretive in the entrance. Make sure you pay close attention to the wallpaper in this place... especially in the bathroom. I was minding my own business until it caught my eye and I froze. Then giggled in embarassment.
I'm on the fence with this place. On the one hand, the ambiance is great for a date. It's dark, somewhat sultry, and you order drinks with the push of a button, literally. So, if that's your shtick, you'll like this place. If you get a booth, prepare for any distance between you and your date to be removed, immediately. Also be prepared to share that booth with another couple who will likely be snuggling on the bench across from you - and I imagine you could have some fun with this. On the other hand, the doorman is questionable. I couldn't quite decide if he did a really good job of playing the tuxed-up doorman, or was just a dick. Maybe they're one in the same. In either case, I was first told it would be a one hour wait, then a two hour wait, and - after actually waiting two hours at a nearby bar - I returned for him to tell me that he tried calling and I didn't answer. That was false. My main criticism of this place, though, is actually what it's best known for: it's drinks. The drinks suck. The umber of ingredients and price do not correlate with quality.
beautiful beautiful secret downstairs old time speakeasy down the stairs from an unmarked awning.  the parlor downstairs is absolutely gorgeous, and the drinks are even gorgeous-er. this is a place where it's worth it to shell out $14 for a cocktail. you feel like 1920s high society, and you also pay for the ambiance. the drink menu is large and all sounded enticing, but TONY recommended the spring rickey (which was reallllllly good). it's dark and sexy, and it's also cool to sit in the kitchen area and watch the mixologists do their thing. it was a little warm in there, but not enough to make me bring it down a star. very excited to come back. one NY's best kept secrets.
This hidden gem is as good as it gets for date spots. I call it hidden because it's one of those places where there is no sign out front except a little tiny brass one that is barely noticeable as you go down to a mysterious door. To the street outside it just looks like the door to a doctor's office. Going down those dark steps that lead to the door can be kind of ominous if you've never been there before. I would advise you not to try to be slick by not warning your other party beforehand about this secret place. They might be afraid that someone from behind the door is going to club them in the head and drag them inside. Once you ring the doorbell, shortly thereafter you a greeted by a vested man that looks like he stepped out of a time capsule circa 1920. Upon entering you may feel a bit underdressed because the decor of this spot seems like a setting out of The Great Gatsby. The main seating area is a small cozy room with an ornamental metal-tiled ceiling that has an art deco feel. Posh couches line the room and what adds to the intimacy is that you don't get a lot of people just standing around and drinking like other bars or lounges. Patrons must be seated at a couch enjoying quiet conversation or either wait in the kitchen where the staff is busy showing off their mixology skills. Another unique feature are the silent call buttons to get the waiters attention to your area. When you are ready to order, you just pull the tiny chain by your seat and a tiny light turns on. The drink list looks more like a bound book and you will spend quite a bit of time just leafing through the pages before deciding what you want. The staff is always open to give you suggestions or make substitutions depending on liqueur. I came here on a Saturday night and I was surprised I was able to get a couch with no problem. My general rule of thumb is that I will go to the nearby Flatiron Lounge for a bit and if that's not crowded then your chances of sitting here without much of a wait are good. The mood here really plays off that speakeasy theme and pulls it off rather well. The whole time I was thinking that Eliot Ness and the Untouchables were going to barge in and break the place down. I don't think I would ever come here with a group of buddies because, as I said before, this is more of an impress your date type of place. Not a pick up place. It's like the "one-two" punch for guys that want to show they know how to class it up a bit.
This just might be the most civilized place in the world. First, speakeasy. (Had to put that in for the search queries to find it.) Second, they do pretty much all of it right. The environment, the drinks, the professionalism of the staff. Less "stuffy" than some others (*Cough*Little Branch*Cough*). In fact, a touch of arrogance seems to be part of the culture with speakeasy staff, especially bartenders; that attitude went the way of the dodo in French restaurants and I pray it does the same for this genre.) In fact, you won't find pretense here. Formality. yes. Seriously, just go here. You may find yourself wanting to redo your kitchen once you see their bar area.
My favorite place by far for a low key evening. Classy and intimate, even with the pornographic wallpaper. I wouldn't recommend it on a Fri/Sat unless you plan to get there before 8 or 9pm. I usually stop in during the week. There is no sign or advertisement... it's down a couple of stairs and through an unmarked black door. Don't be scared when the 7'2" Frankenstein guy dressed in black opens the door... he's harmless. I think I beat him up a few times in high school. Anyway, the space is small but I've never had a problem getting in... until Frankenstein reads this and denies me entry next time. I'll have to kick his ass again. Service is attentive and the drinks are excellent.
Why does the hostess think its acceptable to slam a door in someone's face?  You can take your speak easy crap and put it where the sun don't shine.   go to boqueria, flatiron lounge or sala one nine instead.
[ 3.5 Stars] Pros: Cocktails, "Kitchen" area Cons: Cost, Areas other than kitchen I would come back with someone that likes unique cocktails but otherwise I'd go to Flatiron Lounge first.
Snuck in here before the line got long for a few drinks after work. Good chill atmosphere my drink was well made. I only had an old fashioned and want to try some of the other drinks on the menu. My friends were impressed and we will def give it another shot. Seating is limited and waits can be long...
What can I say about Raines' that hasn't been said already?  There is no place like it in NYC, it's extremely inviting and comfortable, and I feel like I'm having a cocktail in JP Morgan's study.  I came on a Wednesday, and the "living room" seating was full by 5:30.  There are also booths that fit groups of 6, so it's not a bad place to bring a medium sized group for an evening or pre-dinner drinks.  You can also stand in the back by the counter where drinks are being made, if standing around is your thing.  Come late and that will probably be your only options. The Harold and Maude and The Princeton are great drinks off their menu.  I then asked for something with gin and green chartreuse, and they made me "The Last Word", which you can read about here: cocktailenthusiast.com/2… Well balanced, refreshing, and complex flavors.  Exactly what I love in a cocktail!
This place is beautiful and so much more spacious than the other speakeasies in the city. It even has a garden out in the back for outdoor seating. It's hidden and a bit hard to find, as it's behind an unmarked door that is right by Splash next door. I love the bar area. It's like someone's very stylish but antique-like kitchen. The decor of the place is very chic. I'll be honest and say that the drink selection is a bit limited in comparison with places like Angel's Share and PDT, but the drink that I had, the Gold Rush, which is bourbon/lemon/honey, was very strong and tasty. They also have seasonal cocktails that sounded really good. Raines is a nice place to relax, but make sure you don't bring a party larger than 5-6, otherwise you will be turned away. This policy is strictly enforced!
come thirsty...cocktail list loaded with options to please. sink back in a comfy couch and get romantic. or just catch up as a bunch of us friends, from near and far, did one night and nearly missed a dinner res.
Oh my.  This was a dangerous find.  My friend and I were originally quoted a two hour wait, but received the coveted phone call only thirty minutes later.  We started out in the bar area, and moved to a table later when one opened up.  Paul, who manages the crowd and makes the calls, does a great job of ensuring that the place is never uncomfortably crowded. I tried two different cocktails.  The name of the first one escapes me now, but it was bright and refreshing.  My second was called Andean Dusk.  It was served in a champagne flute and absolutely blew me away.  It was fun watching the bartender concoct each drink.  Every glass we saw featured many components, each one carefully measured.  Very impressive. The main room is really comfortable.  There is a mix of sofas and arm chairs that practically beg you to curl up and relax.  You call for a server with a little chain, so you never have to wait long to place your next order.  And after tasting one cocktail, I can assure you that you will order a second. All of this doesn't come cheap.  My cocktails were both $14.  But the experience is totally worth it, especially considering the fact that you can pay $8 for a crappy standard drink elsewhere.  I will gladly return.
The design of this space is kind of genius: First you ring the bell, enter the cove, walk down the living room lined by bea-u-ti-ful leather and velvet Antoinette Sofas on which everyone, e-ve-ry-one, was making out, well, everyone was conversing, but let's say they were making out, at least they would, sooner or later at one point during the night. If not they should. Then you get to the kitchen, shrouded in abundant citrus and abundant light, you unfold a menu remotely reminiscent of your AP history study guide, pick a drink named after the region with the most war, then you wait, and on turning around, pleasantly discover the glass cupboards behind you parading a lineup of renowned and exotic liquors. The vested bartender hands you your drink - only one star from tasting magical, you sip your drink, converse, finish the first drink, move the conversation from the kitchen to the living room, into the soft sophistication of the bea-u-ti-ful leather and velvet Antoinette Sofas with unmistakable justice. And ok you can make out now.
awesome bar for ONE drink. if you spend longer than an hour here, you will surely fall asleep in your private seating area because it's warm, homey, and dead quiet. since every group is seated privately, and there is no standing room, you will not meet anyone new here. even the waitresses ignore you until you pull the magical cord that summons them. this is a wonderful place to enjoy with a small group of cool friends, who appreciate conversation, and outstanding spirit based cocktails. there is quiet background music; ragtime, or big band instrumentals. perfect place to impress a date, or grab a pre-dinner cocktail with fancy in-laws, or out of town guests.
Raines Law Room is quite simply one of the best speakeasy style bars in NYC.  As noted in other reviews, I have gone to a number of speakeasy themed cocktail bars but Raines and Angel's Share easily take the top prize for the best. Out of all the speakeasy style bars that I have been to, I feel this bar is one of the closest that embodies the speakeasy experience. This establishment truly does not skimp on presentation whether its through staff, décor, drinks, and atmosphere. Be advised that you will likely have a wait to deal with but I assure you, it is worth it. The hostess at the door was extremely accommodating and took my phone number. In addition, she offered other bars and restaurants of interest to kill our waiting time which was an added bonus. Throughout the wait, I was kept updated via text message. Once things looked better in terms of attendance, I made my way into Raines. The décor is incredible and the attention to detail is impressive.  Raines Law Room truly looks sophisticated and elegant while making you feel as if you were drinking during the prohibition era.  The atmosphere is perfect for dates or small groups. Every cocktail I had was incredible; the American Trilogy is a personal favorite. The service was excellent, the bartenders and our waitress were kind and really helpful. Raines Law Room is a must visit if you are looking for an excellent experience.
I love my period speakeasy, and the ambiance at Raines Law Room didn't disappoint. Neither did the drinks, which are meticulously laid out in a bound book. When you step in the bar feels like an extension of Sleep No More, down to the ethereal but disengaged characters. We had to wait an hour for a table, but when we walked in half of the couches and tables were empty. Did RLR make us wait just to seem unavailable? This is not a college date - I just want an expensive cocktail. Then once we were allowed in, we were told there was standing room only at the bar, as we walked by the empty couches. Very strange. The bartenders were great but the rest of the staff onsite seemed to be too busy for us the entire night, until we were putting on our coats to leave and were asked about 4 separate times if we enjoyed our time. I would have much preferred a consistent level of service throughout the night, instead of peaks of total ignoring and periods of over involvement. In short, if you want a good cocktail, this is definitely worth a try. I could have stayed there all night if it weren't so darn expensive ($14-16 a drink, I might as well be going to Restaurant week). If you can deal with the inscrutable air of pretentiousness even better. RLR is a little full of itself but if you can overlook that minor flaw you'll have a good time.
Call ahead.  Know someone.  You'll get in but you'll walk around the block if it isn't early.  Good thing I had that heads up.  Here's yours.
Outstanding ambience, decor & service. Like a time machine, as I'm sure others have said. Surprisingly, however, the cocktails often were not remarkable - our group of four had three rounds, and I'd say only half the drinks were something I'd order again. Main flaws were excessive sweetness or a lack of complexity. Also was surprised by the pedestrian gin selections (Bombay, Plymouth, Beefeater, etc.). I will note that the ice was superb - for example, the big square blocks in bourbon drinks were so clear that they were practically invisible when viewed from the side. Overall, the setting goes a long way toward making up for the minor shortcomings in the drinks, so recommended.
My favorite speakeasy in NYC! I came here last week on a Friday night around 9ish for birthday drinks. We were seated right away even though we had 4 people total. The couple standing in front of us had to come back in an hour =) They made us go all the way to the back where the bartenders were making drinks. It felt like i was in a super sexy classy kitchen in the 1920s. I told them that i didnt drink alcohol and they made me an awesome mix mocktail. The waiter then brought us to the front where we got to sit on those comfy chairs.. The music wasn't too loud,we were all able to talk perfectly.. WIll be back! Really cool, romantic place.
If you're able to get in to this speak easy, you'll see why its worth the long wait and popularity. I definitely appreciate the fact that they try to keep it to a certain number of patrons and not overcrowd the atmosphere. The drinks are mixologically prepared and are very good, so I would highly recommend one of their signature cocktails. Also feel free to tell the server what kind of drink you prefer and the bartender will whip something up.
Effortless chic on a not-so-fun block. Small, intimate, with great drinks and a cool bell to ring for your server. A good first date location. I recommend the Blood Orange Collins as a confidence-boosting and attitude-inducing elixir. Thanks, Kiki...
We went the weekend after Hurricane Sandy. So the big plus was that there was literally no wait. Although they still HAVE to say it will be 45 mins. Why go thru all that hassle? To retain their charm of a speakeasy -.- The bar was really nice. It's the perfect place to get together, or go on a date. I agree with other reviews that you should come here with people you want to be with, not to mingle. The space is not set up for that. On to the drinks, we only got one each since we were running behind schedule, but I was very impressed with the drink menu. We will come back here.
I felt truly privileged to have been afforded the opportunity to share a few drinks with my wife here while on vacation. We chose to go to Raines in lieu of watching the superbowl and were surprised to not have to wait a minute. The ambiance was warm and cozy; very low key and dark. The drinks were superb. The combinations of flavors are a carefully composed symphony on the tastebuds. Must try the Archangel!
Great speakeasy. Great drinks. Typical prices. The venue was private and a great experience but it was louder than expected (and I went on a Tuesday night). Reservations are taken Sunday, Monday and Tuesday before 3 PM (reservations@raineslawro…). First come, first serve Wednesday through Saturday. Not for big groups, 6 people max. can be seated in an intimate space with sheer curtains...and only 4 of these spaces exist. The rest is open seating for 2-4 people and a bar area where a few can stand. Menu is fairly extensive and online with complete pricing ($13-$16 for cocktails).
Great place! Very cool and intimate. The hostess or "gatekeeper" was very rude and high strung.. But whatever I guess, I didn't come to see her. We arrived around 8:30 on a Tuesday night and there was no wait for standing at the bar, but nowhere to sit. Bartender was good, drinks were good. I think a little music would add to the ambiance. But overall a very nice place.
One of my faves- such a unique beautiful space!! A great place to take a date esp if you're both cocktail connoisseurs.
Another classy joint in the speak-easy style, with a name that references legislation limiting alcohol sales.  The plain black door a few steps down from the street is adorned only by a single charming lamp and a small metal plate with the establishment's name.  Ring the bell and wait for someone to answer.  If you can get in, you'll be escorted into a candle-lit  room much like an old-fashioned living room, with cozy couches and seats.  Beyond this initial room is the bar/kitchen area, where you can choose to have your drinks standing at the kitchen.  I hear there are other rooms further in but we didn't get that far on my first visit.   We settled into a cozy arrangement of seats around a small, mirrored table.  Service is requested by pulling a chain to ring a bell.  The wallpaper, as someone in the group had heard, is worth a closer look. The substantial menu is sized like 5 x 7 flip photo book, fabric wrapped hard cover book with menu pages held by gold photo corners and the menu in Courier font, maintaining the feel that it was typed out on an old typewriter.   Drinks are divided up into categories like "Tall & Fizzy," "Short & Shaken," "Stirred & Potent," with some seasonal and fancy cocktails, a short list each of wines, spirits, liqueurs, and beers.  According to a beer connoisseur friend in the group, it was a well selected list.  Of the drinks I had or sampled, I enjoyed most.  Fairly well made, in all.  The ones I liked most include Andean Dusk, Grapefruit Collins, and Sleepyhead. The only food served are a selection of olives, aged gouda, and soppressata, which we had and enjoyed very much, and a selection of chocolates. Overall, I find Raines Law Room to be one of the better speakeasies I've been to and look forward to visiting again.  Reservations are available on Sun - Tue; on other days, if you can't get in, leave your name and number.
8pm, thursday night. We waited at the back bar (which kind of feels like you are in the kitchen) for about 20 mins before getting a seat. The decor is very nice and new looking and it is a bit bigger than some of the other similar places. The booths are a bit wierd because they will seat you with 2 other people if you are just 2, and there is only one small table. Everyone who sat in our booth was friendly but I feel the problem could be easily solved/made more private with another small table that could fold out on the other side of the booth. The cocktails were very good, and they take credit cards!
Great place with great drinks. The host defeats any stereotype of the snooty maître d'. He was one of the friendliest hosts I've ever encountered! Our group of 6, 5 with 1 straggler had no problems being accommodated on thursday night (although after we got there we heard the wait was 45min - 1hr). Make a trip to the kitchen area, where the bartender works. Its worth checking out.
Likes: Ring the doorbell at an unmarked door, wait for a suited man with an accent to  let you in, enter into a dimly lit lounge setting, prettttty cool so far, a good quiet place for drinks and conversation, sherry drink was fruity, unlimited complimentary popcorn was good, interesting bathroom wallpaper - looks like flower designs but it's actually pictures of people doing it in different positions.  I didn't notice this until someone told me afterward. Guess I'm not that detail oriented. Dislikes: Wish there was something else to munch on with the drinks Tip: Make a reservation ahead of time and be on time!
As long as you know that the drinks are a little pricey, then you will only be impressed with Raines Law Room. Don't go with a huge group of acquaintances. This is a place made for good friends and great conversation. Look for the address and not a sign. When I invited some friends out, they were so lost that they were about half an hour late. I was pretty buzzed by the time they showed up but I'm not complaining.
This place is overrated. The service is so-so, I felt like shouting "what does a gal have to do to get a drink in here?"... but once you get the server's attention for the third time you'll be ok. I didn't care for the drinks either. Maybe I came in on a bad night. The ambience is what makes this place worth it. It is VERY cute (in an old school sort of fashion) and cozy. I'd go check it out at least once for the experience. I would recommend a reservation!
What a fantastic experience. As soon as I stepped inside the dim doorway, it was like all my 21st century worries slipped away. They nailed the 1920s decor and feel. The host and waiters all had their hair slicked back, suspenders on - the whole package. The soft jazz music wasn't too overwhelming and the noise level was a low hum - perfect for an intimate reunion or romantic date. We arrived around 11pm on a Wednesday and after ringing the doorbell, were told it was a ~30 min wait (accurate) and that they would call from a blocked number when a spot opened up. Once in, we were ushered to a bar in the back where we waited for our table (sofa?) to be prepared. We shared a space with another small group, and although our sofas faced each other, there was a good 3-4 feet in between, so it wasn't awkward. The drinks are pricey but very strong. I would come here again for sure! Pros: Cool little features like ringing doorbell and chain to call waiter, great interior design Cons: Expensive, a little pretentious
One of my favorite cocktail bars in the city! I love coming here after work for a smart cocktail (or two or three). The couches and semiprivate rooms a great environment for having an intimate conversation with one or two friends or on a date. The service is fantastic and the drinks are impeccable. My favorite is a gin Modern Love, recommended on my first visit by the head bartender. Everything about this place is incredible and I've become somewhat of a regular already. Its sexy, smart and delicious. The only thing that could be improved is if they had a small snack menu.
Raines Law Room is a gem. Unlike so many cocktail places you can actually hear the people you are with without shouting, which is a major plus in my opinion. It's dimly lit with plush couches. Each table fits a max of 6 people and the service is quick and efficient but not pushy. I recommend you come by and when you do, remember, it is a speakeasy so you're at the right place when you see a black awning and no sign.
Even without reservations, seemingly lost, stumbling in from the cold with fistfuls of groceries, the first customers of the day, while all the fruits & juices & garnishes were still being prepared -- our four hour drinking splurge was absolute perfection. From the handsome fellow who greeted us and took care of our coats, to the wonderful gal who took our orders and brought drinks, to the beautiful furniture and luxurious décor, to the spacious and whimsical restrooms, to the subdued music and warm ambiance, we were each so absolutely comfortable here throughout our entire experience, that we all continually repeated how we could not wait to return, to come back again and again.
Came here at around 5pm on a Saturday and walked right in no problem.  Very dark, cozy, and accommodating.  We ordered four cocktails and the meat/cheese plate, and devoured the complementary popcorn (cheese & caramel) and basically just hung out for around 3 hours before our late dinner reservation.  Our server was very helpful if a little cheesy (her name was "Red" and she was wearing the same). All in all, delicious cocktails and munchies.  Very fresh and seasonal.  I would put the drinks a step above PDT, which can be hit or miss.  The ambiance is lovely and I got excited every time I pulled the chain to order another cocktail.
Over-priced and very uppity drinks.  This place wants to be exclusive so bad. Aside from this, it's a very nice place to have a drink and unwind.  The lights are dim, the music's classic, and the couches are comfy.  There's something sentimental about old speakeasy's, and you'll definitely feel it here.
Katy our fabulous "mixologist" made recommendations as we moved through the bar menu...  fabulous fabulous drinks, i recommend the north side (erm i think i got the name wrong) (cucumber, gin and so much more)... effortless comes to mind .. and spectacular! raines law room is now a proper favorite!
This is a great speakeasy.  The only downside is that it's hard to get in.   The best old fashioned in New York is at Raines - the Amber Old Fashioned.  The other drinks are phenomenal as well.  Thy can get pricey, however. The atmosphere is also great.  Because the number of customers is restricted, it never gets loud or crowded.  The waiters, waitresses, and bartenders are all very nice.  Like any good speakeasy, Raines has a 20s vibe.  The booths are a particularly great place to sit.
Excellent cocktails and decor.  Take a look at the staff picks.
Came here via a reservation, which made the process super smooth. Cozy, low-lit, romantic environment, and great service. All the drinks were tasty and some were extra boozy. I'm a bit abashed of admitting to secretly partaking in the speakeasy bandwagon, but Raines was a fun experience. Worth a try or two, but it will stay an once-a-year place for me. Love how it's located in a more off-the-beaten path area.
Incredible atmosphere destroyed by terrible service. They've gone to some serious effort to make this place feel the right way with the decor, gimmicky light switches and private dark rooms.  Save it, the place was half dead when the hired help finally arrived at our table 20 minutes later to ask us if we'd like a drink... add another half hour for the drinks to arrive.  Having properly sobered up at Raines Law we headed out, leaving behind the faux fantasy for an actual drink. If you and yours are experimenting with role play definitely use Raines for the setting, but you might have to bring your belt buckle flask if you want to keep your buzz going.
Great for an intimate date. very romantic. speakeasy. the kitchen / cocktail room at the back is chill and nice. quite a few couples were standing around the counter, watching the bartender to make the drinks, which is certainly quite an experience. main room is candle lit. beautiful space overall.
Arrived at 5pm on a Friday night and was seated without delay. Crowd control creates a nice space once your inside, nonetheless it's probably off-putting if you arrive later and are asked for a number you can be reached at in 2 hours when a table finally opens up for you and your party. I started the evening with a festive, seasonal Lion's Tail.
another speakeasy where i don't know how long the wait is because i've always gone when friends had already snagged a table before i arrived. chill atmosphere, not pretentious.  small but cozy. go with friends to debate the truth behind who killed biggie and where tupac really is right now. normal speakeasy-esque drinks and prices.
I see to only ever go to Speakeasy's at the moment... Anyway, as they go, this is a small, intimate, classy affair. From Wednesdays on, you have to turn up and put your name down and then wait for a call, that could be an hour or longer, but at least they call. Once in, it's like stepping back in time, on even to another country... Very reminiscent of an old English front room... You feel like Sherlock Holmes could have drunk here... The cocktails are mostly Bourbon based, but the very knowledgeable bartender will make u anything.. In my case a Vodka based blueberry drink.. Excellent. Great or a date or even winding up the night.
went here solo...and was not aware this was a speak-easy when I entered. I have just always heard great things. Very 40's French deco- exposed brick walls and tufted velvet sofas. The soffit is painted with beige silhouettes and they were playing Sinatra-ish music...The door bell service at each 'booth' is rather charming. I never mind going anywhere solo when i need an escape.. In fact I prefer it at times. However It was a bit awkward sharing a booth where the woman across the way was rubbing her boyfriend's chest in circles kissing, rubbing noses while I had nothing to read and no Internet access. (no petting, kissing etc should be done in circles... A little forced- just my opinion!)  Let's say I  was happy when my cocktail arrived! The waitress recommended the 'el diablo' which I loved... Ginger, lime, bourbon, grenadine, tequila, club soda and smooth... Like butta as some say up here. They served some sort of cheddar Smart food that I snacked on while a few kernels landed at the boyfriend's feet. Looking Fwd to my next visit and booth observations..... Oh- you must visit the Loo just to check out the wallpaper!
I REALLY wanted to love this place. After I read so many great reviews, I had very high expectations. Unfortunately, those expectations were not met. The doorman was wonderful and a hustler - if he wasn't helping behind the bar, he was seating people, or answering the front door. He certainly gets 5 stars! The bartenders were not very friendly or helpful. The menu was vast, but nothing that really stuck out. I REALLY wanted to fall in love with this place like everyone else has. But it was subpar. And for a hot pre-summer night, they ac should have been pouring out. We left because of how hot it was in there. I felt bad for the staff having to work in that condition.
Went here last night for a few drinks.  Service was really good and it didn't take long to be seated. Very chill ambiance and great cocktails. I'll definitely be back soon.
Great place to visit. The drinks were great- and I'd even say reasonably priced. Just a warning- after we rang the doorbell, we were told the wait would be an hour so we walked to another bar. We were called back 10 minutes later, and if you miss the call and don't show up, you need to put your name back on the list. Yes- very pretentious, but worth it just to check the place out, at the very least. Our biggest complaint was that the music didn't match the ambiance- I would have liked to hear some "old-timey" music.
After taking the NY bar exam, I was in need of a drink.  Thankfully, I ended up at Raines Law Room, which provides an excellent setting to pair with its finely crafted cocktails.  After successfully locating the door and ringing the bell, we were sheltered from the rain despite my somewhat shabby appearance. The comfortable couches, semi-private booths and the pull-string waitress alert make Raine's a perfect atmosphere to lounge with drinks and good conversation.   I can definitely see how this place would be packed on a weekend and they might be snobby or more discerning of their clientele.  But on a Tuesday evening, the staff was perfectly pleasant though they could have rightly turned their noses up at us since we were somewhat damp from the rain and carrying ever-so-fashionable zip-lock bags with no. 2 pencils as purses.
We came here on Thursday around 11:30pm. This place is one of those places that are tricky to find and is a part of the experience. We rang the door bell, and someone looked through the peep hole and cracked the door open. Handsome blond fella asked if we had reservations? We did not. He let us in, speaking in a very low key voice. The place oozed sexiness and sophistication. We made our way through the candlelit room to the bar/kitchen area. The ladies - mixologists were doing their magic at the bar; making these cocktails looked like they were creating art - it was very interesting to watch. I had Philadelphia Story cocktail - wow! this cocktail had so much substance and different unique flavors.... it was amazing! With that said, the Philadelphia Story was very strong and I do not recall other cocktails that I had, other than I enjoyed them as well :-) The host was very polite and accommodating, he gave us a table, even though we did not have a reservation. After reading all these reviews, I am considering myself LUCKY! There were other people trying to get in, but they were turned away. Overall, this place is a gem. If you take your date here, you are most likely to get "lucky" yourself ;-)
Raines Law Room is quite a special place! Make your reservations online to guarantee seating! Their cocktail menu is unique & delicious, and the ambiance is cozy, quaint, yet still romantic and hip. Make your way into the kitchen where the mixologistas work their magic and whip up a delicacy for you to sip on and enjoy. Open till 2AM daily, extended until 3AM on Fridays/Saturdays.
For a real old school New York City experience, classy, dark, and delicious, go here. I am reluctant to review this, because I want it all to myself. Try the Rome with a View, best drink on the menu. This place is easily my favorite cocktail lounge (and so much more) in the city. Great atmosphere, and the back bar room is awesome, feels like your Grandma's kitchen, if you were alive in the 50's, and your Grandma was the baddest bitch in town.
Nice lounge to get cocktails with a group of friends. Low key, ambient lighting, cool island bar. Ring for the waitress :)
I came back here recently & discovered that they have a gorgeous candle-lit terrance behind the kitchen. After my 1st experience, I was already expecting the snooty attitude, so it didn't chafe me so bad this time. It also wasn't as snooty either. The drinks were uh-mazing. I wish I could drink them all the time, @ least twice a day, but I think they call that a problem. ++ it's not easy on the wallet. After a few drinks, check out the wallpaper. Don't stare too long though, you might look like a perv. ;)
been here a while back, really cool place. its like a hipsters joint for those who are now reformed into normal human beings , but still are very cool. hope that explains it ;)
At any rate, I loved Raines Law Room.  We were a crowd of 5, so the drinks sometimes took a wee bit of time, but these are crafted drinks, not drinks from pre-made swill. (sorry, Tonic East). The vibe was dignified chill, with a dash of naughty (see: wallpaper) and a lot of fun.
My girlfriend and I tried to come here two weeks ago before having dinner at Aureole for Restaurant Week. Having never been before, we arrived at 7pm and a group of four descended the stairs right before us, ringing the bell. The doorman came out and asked how many in their party - 4. He then turned to my gf and I and noted that for a party of two, the wait would be 1 - 1.5 hours. Since dinner wasn't until 9:30, I figured that even if we sat down around 8:30, we could still enjoy ourselves before dinner, so I put my name on the list and gave my number as well. Meanwhile, the group of four girls - they were seated immediately. Ok, so now how to kill the time while in Chelsea? We ended up just walking around, going to some stores and stopping by the Doughnut Plant (which ended up being the highlight of the evening). After 1.5 hours, I decided to go back and see if any space had opened up, only because when I've been to other places with waits, they will often say "The wait is an hour, but check back after 45 minutes." So, we walked back and just stood in the stairway, not even bothering anyone by ringing the bell. The doorman eventually came outside to talk with another couple who was waiting and then asked us how many in our party. We responded that our name was already on the list and we were told 1.5 hours, so we had just wanted to check back. The doorman then proceeds to pour over his list of names and numbers, saying he can't find us, before asking for our number. I must've told him my number three times, each time after which he asked me to repeat it. Finally, on the fourth try, he gets my area code wrong -- Doorman: 979? Me: No, 973. Doorman: Oh, here you are. There are still a few people ahead of you. We'll call you when something opens up. Needless to say, we just left at that point and went to Aureole for dinner. As expected, they never called. Maybe going back wasn't the right thing to do, but what can you do. However, curiosity did kill the cat and I was still curious about what it was like inside, so I came back eight days later, this time with one of my friends. We were sure to arrive promptly at 5pm and were the second group inside. The same doorman spoke to another couple first, but they graciously noted how my friend and I were here first and we were admitted no problem. We were given the choice of the seats where we ended up sitting, or sharing a booth with another couple. We chose the seats, but maybe the booth would've been better, since our seats were rather close to the entrance and we got a blast of air every time the door opened and closed. Everyone else has noted what the interior is like, so I won't go into details about that. As for the drinks, they were pretty darn good. I had the Bramble and my friend had the South Side Rickey. The South Side Rickey was good, but I felt it was a bit standard. The Bramble, on the other hand, was amazing with its mix of alcohol and muddled berries, plus some fresh berries on top. It was even served with a metal straw. The staff was super friendly too, both when taking our orders and even apologizing later on when they weren't able to respond to our chain pull as quickly as they would've liked. After being inside tho, I can see why the wait for two people can be so long, while larger groups are admitted more easily. It seemed that they have more seating for larger groups and less for groups of two. In fact, while I was there, a group of two girls somehow was seated on larger couch and were asked to move by the doorman. I heard the girls say something like "We were told we could sit there because we weren't  going to be here very long". Despite that, they had to move. So, if you're here on a day when reservations aren't accepted, arrive here early - by 6:30 or so, the place was filled up and names were being taken for the list. Once you get in, however, it's a very cool environment of yesteryear, with jazz playing in the background (altho a bit loud, esp when you factor in the talking volumes). I'd definitely rate this place higher if it hadn't been for the miserable first time trying to get in and the attitude of the doorman, who could take some lessons on being more friendly and welcoming from other Raines staffers and the maitre'd at PDT.
This hidden gem is so charming and full of ambiance.  Perfect date spot or small group gathering.   The cocktails were unique and delicious.  The bouncer does play it tough but it's worth the trouble.
A classic cocktail lounge... This is a nice place to enjoy a drink and talk with friends (at an establishment where the noise level encourages conversation)!
Came here about 2 months ago ona  random weeknight.  Entrance is a bit funny, you walk down stairs to this unmarked doors.  Tiffany, welcome to the speakeasy life. Seating I thought was a bit awkward--we were facing another party of 2 but imagine the seating would have been perfect for 4.  I like the doorbell to order our drinks.  The menu is a bit overwhelming for someone who doesn't know her alcohol but I think I ended up getting a champagne based drink.
my friend took me here and I first thought "where the hell are you taking me?? it looks so shady" but this place was so cozy and cute. it is dark and romantic. the bartender made me a delish fruity drink. would definitely go again!!
Great atmosphere, outstanding drinks, and no loud people to drown out your conversations. If that sounds like your kind of place, Raines Law Room is a must-try. The decor is tasteful, even with the interesting wallpaper in the bathroom. The drinks were, needless to say, excellently crafted and well-presented. Service was great, and the staff were very knowledgable. I'd recommend it more for small parties of 2-4, as the whole vibe of the place doesn't lend itself to large parties.
Lucked out and got right in on a Friday evening with a party of four. My friends didn't know exactly what to expect or especially what they were walking 15 blocks in 32 degree weather for. Needless to say, there was no complaining as soon as we got inside. The ambiance here is fantastic, as well as the service, and of course the cocktails. This is the perfect place to spend some time with a few friend or a date while enjoying high end drinks. Raines is true class act.
This place is pretty cool It's like a hidden destination. Honestly, i would have walked past this place if it wasn't  for my friend who has been here previously. You go down a few steps and enter an awesome old school looking vibey speakeasy. The tables are have sofa seats and you get the waitresses attention by pulling on the "doorbell" on the wall. It's like turning on the light signal in the airplane to signal the flight attendants. I only tried 2 drinks here. The American Trilogy - Laird's apple brandy, Rittenhouse Rye Whiskey, sugar cube, orange bitters, built in a glass with a block of ice. I have to say this was refreshing but also VERY strong. I should know  known better, but I wasn't really reading the menu closely enough to notice that this drink was classified under "Stirred & Strong - Spirit-forward and made to sip". I wasn't planning on getting tipsy, so i knew to avoid this page for my next drink. For my 2nd one, I veered to the "with a bitter edge " page and ordered myself the Wry Grin - Rittenhouse Rye whiskey, fernet branca, simple syrup, muddled with lemon and mint over cracked ice" This drink was delicious and my fave of the two. I read in my friends' reviews that the Gold Rush is the way to go, but i didn't see it on the menu, but maybe i can ask them to make it for me. I'm sure they will be more than accommodating. Awesome vibe to chill and relax with close friends or a significant other.
This is *such* a cute spot! It's the perfect date place if you can secure a table. That means Sunday - Tuesday, when you can make a reservation. On the other nights, it's a hit or a miss so bring your S/O but not your new date.  Drinks, candles, doorbells, chatter, plush lounge seats & chesterfield sofa all blend perfectly to provide a very intimate atmosphere.
I love a speakeasy, and this is an adorable one! The design is small and intimate, so it is NOT a great place for groups, but it's perfect for a date. I was slightly annoyed by the arrogant doorman, even though I suppose it's part of the speakeasy charm. He left me waiting for ages even though I knew my friend was waiting for me in the kitchen area. I would definitely return, but now that I know what to expect, I will enjoy the experience more.
I cannot believe I have not reviewed Raines yet.  I really thought I had reviewed this place at least twice until now.  Ok, I have really dropped the ball lately and that makes me very sad.  I mean, personal life was a mess, but worth dropping the Yelp ball, and on things like Raines?? No. Not ok. NOT ok. SO here it goes. Why only four stars? Well, its gotten kitschy.  That said, I do love this place, am extremely fond of its drinks, its location, the fact that it has no numbers, no discernible entrance, and that you supposedly have to know about it to get in.  Unfortunately, I do get upset when my favorite places seem to be filled more and more with tourists (sorry tourists, God bless you, please come again) and they start "reserving" tables in what used to be places you came to and either were seated, or had a bite and came back for your table. Rant over.  I came here the other night with Nell's bestie, and my new buddy Todd, and introduced him, although he was a NY veteran, to the concept of the speakeasy. He was smitten, as I knew he would be.  The hidden entrance, the sexy doorman, the sultry decor, the chain, the drinks, I could go on, but Raines speaks for itself.  Even the popcorn, and the slight changes in the menu are touches that set Raines apart from some other Speakeasies or places that used to be Speakeasies but now are premixed, preprepared, sitting on the bar drinks made by harried men in white uniforms (yes, Apotheke, you). We had a phenomenal time, and 2 drinks sipped daintily over 1.5 hours still left us with the appropriate buzz, as they should, for never would it have been acceptable in the 1920s for one to drink watered down sugary concoctions that had names reminiscent of booze. Definitely check it out, you will not be disappointed.  And for the tourists, I know NYC needs you, and we do love you, just do two things for me: walk faster, and step aside to check your maps.
what can i say about raines law room that hasn't been said it already.  hmm 1) drinks are fabulous, expensive, and plentiful 2) they have limited space, don't come with a big group.  they will not seat more than 7 in a booth even if you fit 8.   3) they do take reservations for sunday, monday, and tuesdays by email and must be before 3pm.   the kitchen area is a bit awkward to stand in, especially when its winter and you start having coats and scarves and what not.  plus people walk through, so you'll constantly be shuffling.   as for drinks, pick your poison and then narrow down the options as there are a lot.  obviously, the drinks are really good, but you have to go with what you like.   that said, raines law room is what everyone else is saying: a speakeasy with fantastic drinks.  cozy, intimate, and impresses with its understated elegance.
Great spot for serious drinks. Dimly lit, dark, plush interior gives the place a classic, old school feeling, and reminds me of the classy living room I'll never have. You walk in and, as you're graciously escorted inside, feel as if you've entered someone else's wonderful living room. Step through the tiled kitchen to the back patio. Friendly, thoughtful staff and creative drinks made with care (cocktails with fresh muddled blackberries/grapes, full wine list, or staff recommendations if you're at a loss for what to choose). Average drink around $13. Solid find!
Love this place! Speakeasy, very chill bar. Although getting in can be a bit tricky, mainly due to the space. And they only take reservation on certain nights. Great place perhaps post date, quiet and such a relaxing vibe. Great cocktails! Highly recommend!
This place is a gem. I loved it. It's absolutely adorable. It's dark, quiet, with a vintage look. The drink menu was awesome. Some of the prices can be pretty high though. The drinks we got were $12 but awesome. They use hand cracked ice, large format ice, and interesting glassware. I also liked the antique serving trays, the Victorian armchairs, and record player.
I've never seen a place like Raines Law Room, where the waiting area is located in the kitchen where the drinks are made. We were having such a good time talking to the bartenders and scoping out the selection of fine liquors, that when a table opened up, we politely declined. The drinks are marvelous too. Scotch lovers should try the Harold & Maude, and if you're feeling particularly grown-up, go for the Princeton, a Raines' specialty with Martin Millers Gin and 20 yr Port.
Ladies, don't suggest this place as a first date. You WILL feel guilty about how much the dude pays for drinks. With that said, I love Raines. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, awesome drinks.  Yes, they do have certain rules of decorum, but I appreciate them. No cross-conversation between tables, no flash photography, only a certain number of people allowed in the main room at one time. If they weren't strict, Raines would easily turn into Backroom and we don't want that.
Sexy, sexy, sexy. The bar in the back is magical, the seats are comfy. Great imbibing
This place is a gem. My girlfriend was visiting and she said she wanted to go to a good cocktail place. We headed here after dinner (at Boqueria) on a Sunday evening and was greeted with an half-empty room. More parties came in after us, but it never reached full capacity. We lounged around for a few hours. The interior is plush, spacious, dark, but not too dark, which is a contrast from a lot of the other speakeasies. Most drinks are $13. My first drink was the New Yorker Highball. It turned out to be a popular drink because I saw the waitress walk by with it plenty of times. My second drink had blackberries... The bathroom on the left hand side was gilted with mirrors and so romantic. Just make sure you properly lock the door, because I kind of walked in on someone who didn't. Also, check out the wallpaper (not just in the bathroom). There is a garden in the back. It was rainy so not much to look at. Service was good. There is a bell at each table that you pull each time you need service. I recommend coming here with a max group of 4. If you don't mind a tighter squeeze, you could stretch it to 6 with the couches. They take reservations on certain evenings. I am not a fan of crowds, so the slowness of a Sunday was perfect for my girlfriends and I.
I sort of have a love/dislike relationship with this place.  Sure it's a million times better than your local dive bar but held to the bar of $15+drink spots....Idk. I LOVEEEEEEE the cocktails here.  In fact, I regularly dream of their "Gold Rush."  Other cocktails I've had even if not to my liking, have always been meticulously crafted and I appreciate that.  At around $15 a drink it's not too pricey yet not inexpensive.   I also love the decor.  Decor-wise it's absolutely darling with vintage wall-paper (look closely) and dreamy 20s flair. What I'm not so crazy about is the service.  I can't quite put my finger on it but at times I've encountered an air of snooty where basically if you don't go home/change out of your corporate gear into clothes that express your individuality, I don't think you'll be treated well.   Which is a real flaw in the happy hour plan.  Weekends I can understand this school of thought....weekdays right after work?  Not so much.   I've also encountered my mix of cocktail waitress..... ranging to ones I want to hug to ones I want to shove.   This is me being picky but sometimes the vibe at Raines is so low key I feel like I've taken a Xanax....not exactly the feeling I want at a bar. It's really a toss up and I haven't quite made up my mind.  The next few visits will surely tell.
Very dope spot and a definite standout from other 'speakeasies' in nyc. Went with a group of 5 and luckily didn't have to wait (I'm told this rarely happens). It's a great place to bring someone from out of town, but get there early and put your name in. The cocktails are really inventive and there's something for everyone there. It's ideal for a pre-dinner cocktail or two. Best part of the decor = the wallpaper.
I can only hope that my future kitchen will look as cool as the one here.  For those who haven't been yet, the bar area is basically a kitchen, and also the area where you'll be if you're not lucky enough to have grabbed a couch.  The drink menu lacks many fruity type drinks, so keep that in mind if that's what you or your date are into.   I was here on a random Wednesday night, so it wasn't too difficult to get in, maybe a 5 minute wait.  The only bad thing with the ease of getting in is that it may mean the bar area gets a little busy or crowded.  Nothing at all like a college bar, but when you're at a place like this, you feel like you're entitled to more space.
I don't know about others, but I had to circle the area a couple times before I figured out that this obscure staircase right next to Chelsea Hotel is the entrance to Raines Law Room.   Starting with the obscure location and the doorbell I had to ring to be let in, I felt like I was transported back to the 20s and 30s.  Just imagine me in a trench coat with the collar unfolded hiding part of my face, top that off with a hat concealing my features even more.  I had to tiptoe down and watch my surroundings to make sure I am not being followed.  As soon as I enter Raines Law Room, I discard the trench coat and hat and take a seat among my peers while sipping on an alcoholic cocktail.   The dark ambience and the seats in addition to the manner of calling your waitress (there's a string next to the seats that you pull to alert that service is needed) all add to it being a speakeasy.   Definitely a great experience with the delicious alcoholic concoctions to accompany.
I love this place, great drinks! Funky atmosphere and awesome wallpaper! Be prepared it's tough to get in.
3.5 stars Finally decided to make the reservation at RLR after seeing that it was a part of this year's Yelp Drinks event, and was easily able to snag a table for 6 (though the res was made about 2 weeks in advance by email, fyi). Cool, discrete entrance-- you ring the doorbell and someone will come open the door for you. To be honest, I didn't love the drinks. I was able to try four different cocktails off of their extensive menu (airmail, gold rush, american trilogy, and i think something called the paper plane? not sure, and the drink menu online is not fully comprehensive). Maybe binge drinking and shots have destroyed my ability to understand the refined flavor profiles of each drink, but in any case, it's still not a bad place to splurge on drinks every now and then if only for the atmosphere. Though service was not anything spectacular, our waitress did help me pick out a drink based on my preferences and the man at the door (sorry, don't recall his name) was very VERY nice and courteous during our stay, especially when I was trying to figure out how to accommodate an extra guest. Had to dock some points for the noise-- was louder than I expected inside, which threw me off since I feel like they're called "speakeasies" for a reason!
The definition of swank. I loved the intimate vibe, the beautiful cocktails, the charming cocktail waitresses... but there was, yes, shock of all shocks, major-league attitude at the door. I didn't appreciate the bitchy glare at coat check. I'll certainly go back, but be sure to wear lots of makeup to impress coat check girl.
The drinks are good; the place is pretty. It was a bit like being on the upper deck, in Club World, except the drinks were better and instead of a flat bed, there were charmingly mismatched velvet sofas and armchairs.  And at the end of it all, I was still in the same place I started. Except slightly tipsy.  Which I usually am after a flight.  So maybe it's more like one of the lounges. But the drinks are definitely better than what you'd get in Galleries Club (I've never been to Galleries First or the Concorde Room, or the Virgin Clubhouse, though).  But, then again, they were a lot more expensive. Well, not as much as a not-coach international ticket, but if you're a lush like I am, it adds up fast.  Anyway. Raines Law Room: no passport required. They don't have Cynar, by the way.  Considering Project Parlor in Bed-Stuy does (and makes good stuff with it), they should fix that. Otherwise, all around a decent joint.
This is my favorite speakeasy in Manhattan. It even eeks out my former love - PDT. And here's why: Cute Entrance: Points for the simple, yet regal entrance. You need to ring the door bell to get let in. Loved the candle right next to the door - almost looks like the entrance to someone's house. Chains at each table: At each table there is a chain which you pull when you're ready to order. The wait staff is super attentive and I was thoroughly impressed by the service. Bar area: Really like the bar area at the back of this place. Cool place to chill if you don't feel like sitting anymore and rather stand and watch the bartenders do work. Drinks: Delicious concoctions. Make reservations and I'd recommend 2-6 people groups. If you're a fan of speakeasies this is THE bar to visit.
This was my first speakeasy and as one of my guy friends aptly put it, "this is the place to seal the deal on a date." We went on a Tues night without reservations, were told that they'd call us in about an hour, so we went across the street for some pre-drinks. Sure enough, an hour later right on the dot they called -- I mean, it's rare enough in life that people actually call when they say they will, but bars? +1 Amazing amazing amazing drink with gin, splash of orange and egg whites (It's called sunrise...something -- if you just ask for those ingredients the bartender will whip it up for you) +1 The cool little knob you turn in the booths when you want your waittress to come +1 The gorgeous kitchen. +1 This was the first bar I've been to in NY where I've experienced amazing "crowd control." +1 One minor complaint: the booths that seat 4-6 people in the back are extremely far apart, so that we all had to lean waaaaaay in to hear each other speak. -1/2 Oh, and more popcorn please. -1/2
I finally made it to this place a couple of weekends ago with friends who were up from D.C.  We got great parking and a table right away.  I love the decor and the whole ambiance.  This is definitely a great date place.  I would have liked to give this 3.5 to 3.75 stars because I had three different drinks and I wasn't absolutely in love with any of them.  However, the service was great and everyone that worked there was friendly and informative.  The drinks are reasonably priced for a speakeasy in Manhattan and I would definitely give the drinks a second chance.
My favorite speakeasy in NYC. I love that this place isn't in the LES, which is too far for me and my friends (yes, we're lazy). I love that it doesn't get SUPER noisy here, and that the couches are so comfortable I could literally sleep there all night. Drinks are good, but probably not my favorite in the city. I've had the South Side Rickey (pretty much a mojito), and a grapefruit drink -- forgotten the name. Great lounge for catching up with friends and pretending to live in an era long gone.
I love that they only let a certain amount of people in. The controlled environment makes it so much more enjoyable. No douche bags being loud, crowding the bar, knocking over your $13 cocktail and stepping on your strappy-heeled feet. AND you get to be seated. And how cool are those little buzzer pull thingies? I feel like I'm 5 and asking if I can press the button on the elevator again. The drinks are inventive and delicious. I love a good fancy cocktail. I think they change their menu regularly? But I've also been told the bartenders are very good at creating drinks on request based on your preferences. If they are at capacity, you can always give them your phone number and they will call you when they have availability. I highly recommend stepping by BLT Fish on the other side of the block and slurping back oysters while you wait.
Love this place. I came here when yelp was offering 50% off three of their special drinks and it was delicious. I recommend the airmail it was yummy. the bartender was also super friendly. the place smells wonderful with all their fresh fruits in the air. I'd definitely come back here and pay full price.
I rang the bell. He took my number. He called. We drank. We left happy. Not really my crowd but with good drinks and good service all is always well. The have an outdoor space in back that is open from 5 to 10.
I love a place that can make a good Manhattan. We showed up after the bar exam in desperate need of a strong drink, and we were looking a little frazzled and carrying our belongings in clear plastic ziplock bags.  (And I was wearing sneakers because the bar exam instructions warned against anything other than soft-soled shoes.  I wasn't taking any chances.)  I was slightly concerned about my appearance, but the staff was charming and didn't treat me like the bum I felt like.  They definitely get extra points for that!
fun place.  I came here on a weekend late night and surprisingly didn't get a table or access.  its pretty popular but they limit the headcount for fire code reasons probably.  the best part of this place is probably the alcohol but i don't know enough about alcohol to tell you whats good or not.  so my fav part is how cool it looks and how fun it is to pull the chain to get service.  also, me and my buddy have a tip but no idea whether or not its true: avoid leaving a 516 or any jersey area code to avoid being discriminated against at the door.  this is place is too cool for those peeps.  13 bux a drink, it definitely is a good bargain provided you can get in.
This is THE date cocktail place in the city. Velvet couches, dim and romantic lightning, and even curtains for a bit of privacy. You are not even harassed by the wait staff as you have to ring to get their attention. There are a lot of folks they fit in here but they are all dispersed and afford with privacy, perfect for intimate conversations (wink). One funkiness is that they actually don't have a bar. They have a kitchen (yes, like what you have at home) where the bartenders run about making cocktails. It's quite a scene if you are in the standing room in the back waiting to be seated witnessing this. I don't recall any one drink that stands out at me but i've been here numerous times and sometimes with groups so had the opportunity to try various drinks, i can't say i've ever really been disappointed. The wait is long (generally an hr if not more), but totally worth it. I don't think my review can do justice in describing the environment and general sexiness of the place. Go and experience it for yourself.
LOOOOOVE IT.  I have mixed feelings about the kitchen/bar situation, but I love: 1. The menu 2. The bathroom wallpaper 3. The old-school library of cocktail books. 4. The sexy nooks The nooks baby!  The nooks!  If you like cocktails and the period rooms at the Met, why haven't you been to Raines?
One of my new favourite spots in NYC. Despite the fact you will probably have to wait 20-45 mins to get in, the wait is worthwhile. The cocktail menu to choose from is devine, and there is a cocktail for every taste. The whole 1920's atmosphere is great fun from the decor to the cocktails as well as the music. Definitely recommended!
Fantastic little place. Can't say that the process of getting in was much to my liking - with the doorman closing and locking the door on us and then coming back 5 mins later to graciously allow us to enter. Other than that though - had an amazing time - beautiful little cozy place. Thing about cocktails is though that they're all bastardized versions of something else - so for me personally, the drinks are not really the highlight - but rather the uniqueness of the place itself that would make me want to return.
I'd been meaning to come to Raines Law Room for a while.  I even made a reservation for a small group once, but had to cancel due to a change of plans.  Yesterday afternoon/early evening found a friend and me right in the neighborhood just as it was opening at 5:00 pm.  We were the first there, after ringing the buzzer and being ushered in.  However, it filled up decently quickly on the early Wednesday evening. Raines Law Room is indeed my king of place.  Sure, you can get cheaper drinks elsewhere.  However, there is definitely an artisan quality to these mixed drinks (There are also non-mixed options, but really, don't you want something a little crafty?).  The service is discreet, but attentive.  And it's got a wonderful vibe.  The decor (elegant, dark, understated) affords a definite air of sophistication.  People don't shout and you can hear your friends. It's all in good, tasty mature fun.  And I can't wait to come back.
I've been going to raines since they opened up . The good part is they get better and better every time I return . They have that pre-ww2 kinda feel that plays well . I'm more of a scotch person they do justice with the selection. I have to say its My favorite bar after PDT .
Start at the "bar" in the back, you'll feel like you're in someone's cozy well-stocked kitchen where they've hired an expert mixologist and crafted a pretty scrapbook of winning cocktail recipes.   Enjoy a first cocktail there with your hopefully engaging and equally enjoyable companion.   The drinks are arranged by what I consider to be moods ("Tall and Fizzy", "Stirred and Potent",  etc), at the moment I felt like a "Tall and Fizzy" so I chose the Sleepyhead.  It was a light refreshing crisp drink with just enough of a ginger zing.  My friend enjoyed his Windy City High ball, which tasted a lot like mine and the kind of drink I like -- citrusy, refreshing, but not too sweet.  He wasn't completely blown away with it, but admitted it was delicious. Migrate over to the darker, more comfortable (a girl can only stand in pumps for so long, even at in a classy kitchen-bar) and arguably more romantic lounge towards the front of the bar.  Pull the chain dangling from the wall when you're read for more drinks.  I was ready for something a little stronger, more stirred and less bubbly.   I went with the Rumble, which was a lot more drinkable than I anticipated.  My friend's 50/50 was a good, strong drink, probably more of what I was expecting from the Rumble which was, truth be told, a little girlier.   Great spot in Flatiron, and a 10 minute walk to my new favorite tapas place, Corsino Cantina.  Go with a good friend you can enjoy a lengthy conversation with.
Good review from a h8er: I'm hard put to review this place, because I do not like most speakeasies. However, as far as speakeasies go, this place is certainly as cool as Little Branch, which I don't like. However, the cocktail I had, Remember the Maine (?), was sort of watery and not great. The cocktails at The Odeon and Macao Trading are much better. But I'm not a big cocktail drinker. I drink single malt scotch neat. In other words, I like the taste of pure whiskey more than the taste of a cocktail. The decor and ambiance are great, if you like speakeasies. This place top is notch for its genre. I myself infinitely prefer a place like Jimmy. This is because I'd much rather hear OutKast than Prohibition era jazz, because I'd rather see people wearing Italian designers than in vintage, and because I'm not physically attracted to the women I see at most speakeasies, who tend to look like hipster librarians (I'm much more into swimsuit models). Furthermore, all speakeasies remind me of Brooklyn, even if they're in Manhattan. All that said, if you like places like Little Branch, you'll love Raines Law Room. I mean that. However, the cocktails at Little Branch are a lot better. If you like places such as Jimmy and PH-D, you'll gulp down your egghwite and absinthe cocktail and bolt after fifteen minutes in RLR.
Came here with two friends on a Saturday night. We waited an hour to get in (no big deal). Once we were in, we were led to the bar area where the bartenders took our drink orders. And then we waited. And waited. And waited. 20 minutes later we got our drinks which were good but not worth the wait.
Great spot. I felt like James Bond when I went to this place. Luckily, I went early and didn't have to wait at all to get a table. The drinks were fantastic and the ambiance really relaxed and classy (a bit pretentious, but I felt pretentious that evening, so it was a good match...lol). The kitchen/hanging out place is original and cool. Overall I had a great time here and would totally go back. Highly recommended.
This is a serious place to go get a drink and hang out. It keeps out all of the unsavory types that I think I am too good for. The atmosphere is intimate. There is never a crowd thanks to strict management. The drinks are all delicious. The outdoor garden in the back is nice for Summer after-work. I really dont have one bad thing to say about this place. Dont go with a crowd, its going to make it harder to get in. Dont go with your hair jelled. Dont ruin this place by trying to show up in a T Shirt and Flops, it aint gonna happen.
Behind an unassuming door on a street with not-so-impressive loud and lewd bars lies a quiet little sexy gem dressed in velvet and wood. More an intimate cocktail lounge than a club or a bar, Raines Law attracts couples and small groups who want to snuggle together in dark booths or little tables and drink delicious, creative cocktails. Want to order a drink? Tug on the little chain by the wall and a button will light up. As silly as that is, it's kind of fun. If you're looking for a busy bar or a scene-y spot with drinks when you snap your fingers, you won't find that here, but if you're looking for an intimate spot to hang out with your friends, head over to Raines Law and settle in for the night.
