I purchased a pair of the unsanforized Roy Cone Projects from here (obviously, considering they are Self Edge exclusives) and they have been phenomenal. But this is a store review, not a product review.  If you are a denim enthusiast, you'll love Self Edge.  If not, go elsewhere.   I am, and therefore have loved my experience at Self Edge.  The staff is incredibly knowledge about the sizing, and are more than willing to provide their advice through your fitting process.  Furthermore, they will chainstitch hem your jeans for free -- not a universal practice considering many shops offer only a "discounted hem" if you buy from them.  They were done in under 48 hours as well. Lastly, the staff was very helpful in providing me the proper denim care guidance for how to handle my new unsanforized product because I'd never bought an unsanforized jean before. I do wish that they offered cash returns, but nevertheless -- great store for the denim enthusiast.
Let me be clear: the jeans are great, the service is terrible. UNLESS YOU ARE REALLY "COOL" and are prior acquaintances with the workers, you'll get no help what-so-ever.   The shopkeep is really rude (maybe it's just one guy there... with a beard and lots of rings...avoid him at all costs) I called the shop to get some jeans. After a frustrating 10 min., they told me they didn't have my size and made it very clear to me that the store was very busy. I went in anyway to pick out another pair. Turns out they did have my size and the guy just probably didn't look at all! Once there, the shop-keep wouldn't leave his desk to help me. He seemed very angry that I asked questions about the fit or whether they would shrink or not. His friend came in the shop. His tone changed 180 from being mean and cold to warm and friendly...almost to kind of try to show me that I'm not welcome in the store. He helped him out with the outmost care, making sure every aspect of the jeans fit. I was kind of sad... I mean, I guess you have to be cool to shop there. Anyways, the jeans were really nice, so I paid nearly $400 bucks and left. After soaking the jeans, as the website says to do, the jeans were way too small. (I asked the worker about this beforehand, but he wasn't clear about shrinkage...most likely because it was the last size and just wanted me out of the store). So the next week I came back to the shop. Sadly, the same guy was there...again, wouldn't help me or acknowledge me until I literally stared at him, practically waving him down. I asked if I could get some alterations to the jeans in order for them to fit. I was willing to pay any amount. He didn't care at all. He just told me to keep wearing them and went over to another customer to help him as if I was a hindrance to his business. I was kind of shocked. He shot me a look like, "What are you still doing here!?" I've never been so sad or confused by a shopping experience before... I mean when you're buying $400 dollar jeans, shouldn't you get at least some sort of acknowledging help? Anyways... don't go here. It's not worth the headache and abuse. If you're really "cool", maybe.
Self Edge in partnership with 3Sixteen has brought Japanese denim culture to New York City.  They stock the latest from Iron Heart, Dry Bones, Flat Head, Sugar Cane, and Real Japan Blue to name a few. It isn't just raw denim here, they also fill the racks with tops, outwear and accessories from the same companies.   What sets this location apart from SF, is the full collection offering from 3Sixteen.  Although based in New York, they adhere to the same quality standards of the Japanese companies, offering up modern cut&sew goods to go along with their solid denim collection. Much like SF Self Edge, you'll find great service (Allan) and conversation.    If you're a resident New Yorker, understand that quality is far better than quantity and pay Self Edge a visit to find out about this Raw Denim movement. BTW chainstitching and denim repairs available here!
Just to be clear I have shopped at Self Edge SF and Self Edge Portland and had great experiences there. I own 3Sixteen St 100X and they are the nicest pair of denim that I have. I've also met Andrew and Johan and they are really nice, wonderful people. However I felt rather unwelcome in this store. I was dressed in more business attire and received apathetic hipster service. I was never made to feel welcome and just got a cold vibe from the sales associate. He also mainly sat at the desk and was checking his phone. I'd like to think it was a bad day but as soon as a friend dropped in he treated them differently. I also felt condescension especially in regards to the buzz door (the guy has to click a button to release a lock on the door to let you in and out). I wanted to buy a pair of 3sixteens for my brother but I guess I'd rather do it online or in portland. Once again their stuff is quality and the proprietors are really great folks. I just hope they create a more friendly and welcoming atmosphere akin to their other stores. So I gave two stars to emphasize my ambivalence over writing such a bad review.
It's a very nice looking store, everything set up neatly, and smells pretty new too. Basically has almost everything from the Self Edge website plus special extras for the NYC location. They do hem (free with purchase) and denim repairs through a tailor. Now I can finally try on other denim brands or models that BIG doesn't have. The staff were nice and helpful, letting me chill there waiting for some friends in those seats near the front. With BIG and Self Edge, denim junkies have 2 great places for their denim needs. After APCs, Onis, and Sams - my next pair will probably be some Iron Hearts or Imperials, now that I finally have a place to try them on!
I used to be huge fan of Diesel.  Then after a while I started to notice how quick they'd fall apart.  I can't keep a pair of Diesel jeans for more than a year with out them ripping.   Not to say I was buying jeans from Self Edge for just durability.  I'm a Denim fanatic (as I will spend a lot of money on Denim with no regrets...it's an investment to me and my good looks) and it was only a matter before our paths crossed.   I actually first came across Self Edge when a friend posted a Youtube video of them on Facebook showing how they repair jeans.  Talk about the most genius way to get new customers by having them bring in their torn/ripped jeans.  While having them repair two pairs of my Diesel jeans I looked around and started asking questions and decided to try on a few.   I found them to be quite rough and was almost about to write them off as not my type when Thomas convinced me to give them a chance.  I took home a pair of black 316's and the first couple of weeks were pretty painful since i like my jeans to shape perfectly to my body.  I even didn't wear them for a couple of months, but the more I wore them the more comfortable and stable they became.  They are now my favorite jeans out of my entire collection (the color on them is just amazing even as they age).   The Staff is awesome at providing first rate service and you can tell they really know what they are talking about.  These guys are Denim gurus to the fullest.     For some of the reviewers talking about price and affordability:  This isn't the kind of place you walk into looking for a deal.  That's what places like H&M and Levi's and sometimes Diesel are for.   What part of the word "Boutique" do you not understand?  You're not only paying for the Brand of Denim and its rarity, and quality, but for the exclusivity of walking into this tiny shop and getting that first rate attention. It's apparent that these guys are specialists and they deserve to charge justly for doing what it is they do best.   That being said I've purchased many pairs jeans from different brands and these have to be by far the best constructed Jeans I've ever worn (mind you I don't travel outside the US, but I don't really feel the need to right now, NYC has everything I need).     Having gone through many phases of jean wearing I'm back to the Skinny, low cut, fit.   If you're experimenting with what sort of jean brand and style to wear then I wouldn't recommend Self Edge just yet.  Find the look you like that works for you and then go to Self Edge and see if they have that look.  You will not regret it.  These guys are patient and don't push products on you.  I'm writing this review after almost a year of having these jeans.
watch out for this one. Yes they are a small cool brand....just a bit too cool if you ask me. So cool you ask.... they wont even take a return for cash back. Even the next day. They are just hardcore on the return policy. I bought something took it home and did not like it. Too bad for me they would not give me my money back. Simply just a drag. It was the only thing I liked in the store so now I'm just stuck. What a joke they are. Some many stores with great product, so few with true customer service. Buy Buy Self edge, for me...... Well after I sue my credit that is....... And I assume in the long run for you as well- how can a brand survive such awful service??? Again- STAY AWAY FROM THIS STORE
Thomas is a great dude.  Knew exactly what I was looking for before I even asked and recommended a great band to me as well. This is only my second yelp review because I think yelp is for people with too much time on there hands who love to complain.   If you've got nothing nice to say don't say anything at all.  Self Edge is a great shop.  Thanks again, Thomas.
Ahh, the age old problem. You have a product that's hard to find elsewhere, so your staff have a look down on your customers when they aren't graced with your intimate knowledge of how a small man in Tokyo sews together his jeans or how a Chain Stitching machine works. Came in here on Saturday, feeling flush and wanting to pick up a pair of jeans which would last me for years, as well as get a well loved / worn pair of jeans repaired. Spoke to the dude at the counter (who was partially too engrossed in conversation with your typical has-a-blog-on-streetwear-gets-all-his-money-from-­mom-and-never-gets-laid 20 year old dweeb, that was hanging in the store, waiting for a repair on his jeans, to acknowledge me at first) about what I was after and tried on a couple of pairs which weren't quite what I was after. Decided to leave the jeans, but continued on with the repair instead. This is where it got interesting. Having been on the Self-Edge site, I'd seen that repairs cost $40 flat, regardless of what needed to be done, and maybe naively had thought that this would include the cost of a hem on my jeans. Apparantly not - the hem would be an additional $25 because it would be done on a chainstitching machine. Ok I thought, I hadn't anticipated the extra $25, and honestly could care less about what type of stitch was used, so I decided to leave the repair. As I turned to exit the store, the lank bellend who was working there audibly cursed at me under his breath and screwed up the sheet where he had written my details, then, as I got to the door - shouted aggresively 'Is there a fucking problem man?'. Now, any other situation in life, be it at a bar or in the street and this guy would've got knocked the fuck out, but I turned and said to him what I'd already explained before making to leave - that there was no problem, I just didn't expect it to cost $65 to have jeans hemmed and hole repaired. At which point he barked that the $40 was for the repair and the $25 was for the chain-stitching. COOL MAN. I FUCKING KNOW THAT ALREADY I JUST DON'T WANT TO HAVE YOUR SNOOTY DICKHEAD SHOP REPAIR THEM. For real, what kind of a fucking store are you running where you talk to your customer like this? Further to this, I was incredibly polite the entire time to this guy, even though he had the usual better-than-you attitude you get hipster-boutiques (which, by the way, is hilarious, you know more about jeans and $400 shirts than me? Good for you! Brilliant life skills there. I bet you're an expert on other real relevant shit like 90's hip-hop and dive bars too). I guess thats the problem with stores run by people who have never existed in the real world, who are surrounded by people who bury their tongues in their arses because they own or work at a seemingly cool store. But guess what? No real store that values their customer would ever allow an employee to aggresively shout across a room of people at a potential sale walking out the door. If he worked in the store I manage (where customer service is valued) he would be sacked, on the spot, for that behaviour. I would absolutely love to see this guy try and make it in a job based on having real sales skills, where being adaptive, consultative, patient and polite are the number one traits you can have. Fuck this guy. No matter how nice your product is, I'm never shopping in a store that is confrontational to the point of fighting with its customers, and neither should you. I hope I get to see these jumped up pricks bubble burst - hopefully by tripping and falling on the needle from their chain stitiching machine. Better off spending your money at Blue and Green.
Great selection of jeans but the service wasn't too great. I asked for a specific size of jeans & the man working there bought me a smaller size without consulting me about it. They didn't fit to his surprise. I ended up buying a pair of jeans & left them to be hemmed. They weren't  ready until a week after the date they told me to pick them up. Probably going to go somewhere else next time I'm going to invest in expensive jeans.
I walked in, Thomas asked me a few questions, sized me up and started pulling pants. About an hour and 8 pairs of jeans later, we found the perfect match.  Thomas knows his products and is very accommodating and patient.  Nothing but net, swoosh!
After purchasing a pair of Strike Gold denim from here on another adventure in NYC. I got home and realized that I wanted these raw jeans hemmed. I called up SE and explained to them the situation and they said send in marked where I wanted them cropped to and they would take care of the rest. I had my SG denim back before the week was over! Thanks again guys!
You're purchasing a lifestyle, not just a product at Self Edge. I sold all my jeans and bought one pair of Flat Head F380s. After two years of wear, I haven't had one regret regarding this decision. In fact, my F380s are better looking and feeing more comfortable than any pre-washed jeans on the market. This is how jeans are meant to be bought and worn. Make the investment, buy'em raw and top quality, beat the crap out of those jeans and they'll age with the grace of fine wine. Keeping rockin' Self Edge. Shout out to double A and Thomas. Thanks for the first class service!
Please allow me to add to all of the other glowing reviews. Self edge is the best denim store that I've ever been to - period. If you're serious about your denim, they stock some of the best styles in the entire world. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, and can help you navigate their racks of indigo to find the perfect fit. As other reviewers noted, it's not cheap. But here you very much get what you pay for.
This place is great.  The people here are supper helpful, and knowledgable.  Their really willing to take some time and make sure you find the right fit, and the right type of denim that your looking for.  I can't speak highly enough about these guys.
perfect for any denim enthusiast. various brands to choose from lots of stock. great staff.
The staff over at Self Edge is awesome. You can tell they really have a passion for denim accompanied by their encyclopedic knowledge. They are willing to answer whatever questions when it comes to denim. So if you're new to the scene, they would be more than happy to walk you through it. Their selection of quality denim is top notch. Try something different from those seven jeans, you won't regret it !
Really ? 16 reviews and 15 five stars? Hey, Yelp, check the IP addresses, it is a nice store but i have ben to better ones in NYC and most of all, not so overpriced. Not a single item there worth the price for me, and trust me, I own few $ 600.00 pairs of jeans.
I went recently to get some selvedge jeans hemmed that I did not buy from the store and am unimpressed with the work. I did some research online to make sure I went to a place that did good chain-stitching  and came across their website. Yes, they did chain-stitch my jeans but it was quite a lazy job with some of the threads already coming out, not to mention the fact that the color of the new thread is completely different than the rest of the pants. Otherwise, the two people I talked to were pretty nice (could have been friendlier) and they had some real quality product obviously.
Awesome selection of high quality clothing. Thomas went above and beyond helping  me find the right fit of Iron Heart jeans , gave me a lesson on how they were made and was patient when I called back with questions. We need more specialized shops with people that truly care like this, I would recommend them to anyone looking for clothing that is made the way it used to be, tough as hell and well worth the investment.
Something popped off my jeans. SelfEdge took the jeans back for a few days and fixed it with no additional cost. They really stand by their products and services. I look forward to getting a call from them when a pair of jeans I want comes in, in my size. I'm honestly probably never going to buy jeans from anywhere else other than Self Edge for the remainder of my life in NYC. But with locations in SF and LA I should be covered there too. If you want a really solid pair of jeans that you can keep for years...come here. You'll pay a premium but if you're searching for a place to buy high quality jeans you are probably already paying $100+ for each pair. I used to buy Diesel Jeans all the time. Never again. Self Edge for life.
Love this shop and the owners and the folks who run it. There's so much care to get it right, it's my kind of place. Damn the expense and relish the details, that's the order of the day at all the Self Edge stores (though the LA store is my hometown spot). If you're looking for the very best denim and bitchen accessories, go here and see them. Tell the the Chihuahua Jack Tickles sent you.
I had a great experience at Self Edge today.  I bought my first pair of raw denim jeans and needed to get them hemmed.  I contacted Denim Therapy and was told that there was a three week turnaround time.  I called Self Edge and was told that they could hem a pair of jeans in a day or two.  The shop is really nice.  I'm a raw denim newbie, but the offerings were interesting.  James helped me.  He couldn't have been nicer.  He measured my jeans for hemming and offered advice.  We spent a while talking about raw denim.  I expected that James wouldn't be that interested because I was getting a pair of jeans altered that i had bought elsewhere.  That couldn't have been farther from the truth.  The icing on the cake was that I got a call three hours letter that my jeans were ready. I had a very positive experience and will be going back to Self Edge when I'm ready to buy my next pair of raw denims.
My boyfriend and I came here recently to look at their selection of raw denim after a friend told us about his beloved pair of selvedge jeans. Honestly, neither of us are "cool kids" by any means, but the staff were very quick to make us feel right at home. They're all super friendly and knowledgable, and very quick to make suggestions after my bf told them the exact look he wanted. They obviously know their product here! We escaped with a pair of jeans, but not after being told exactly how to shrink them down to the right fit (cold water for ten minutes in the bathtub) and to come back for hemming. A few days was all it took for the bf to get a brand new pair of jeans, hemmed exactly to fit, and he's now pleased as punch and way better dressed than I am. It's a pity that Self Edge doesn't have much in the way of women's raw denim, because I'll admit now that I have been converted to the dark side. Sure, the denim's pricey as all hell and you'll be eating oatmeal for months, but for amazing quality plus the experience to wear down your denim as you see fit? Priceless.
Great store... they are the US exclusive supplier to all the brands they sell so you know you're going to get something unique.   Yes everything in here is expensive but you're getting quality that will last for a long time.  They stand behind their products and have the facilities to do repairs in-house. Salespeople are super knowledgable and helpful without being pushy.  Just a great store.
Self Edge rocks! I've always had the same problem with jeans; I buy a pair and it fits great in the store and then after a few weeks they're either huge or the factory "distressed" spots tear into gaping holes and they become unwearable. I decided that enough is enough and I needed to buy one pair of really good jeans that fit like they were made for me. After shopping around for a few weeks I came across Self Edge on Yelp. The shop is almost directly across the street from Invisible NYC, where I get my tattoos done. I just never noticed it before. I dealt with Aaron and he was awesome!  In all my shopping around he was the first person I'd spoken to that seemed to really know what he was talking about when it came to jeans and fit. I had heard of raw denim but I didn't really know much about it. Aaron expertly explained the difference between raw denim and the denim we're used to seeing in stores and suggested several pairs of jeans for me to try based on the criteria I was looking for. I ended up with an awesome pair of 3Sixteen+ 11BSP jeans and a beefy Strike Gold natural cowhide belt to go with them.  Again, Aaron took his time to explain the soaking and break-in process and suggested a few different ways to do so. I've been wearing them almost daily for about a month and a half now and I couldn't be happier with my purchase, they fit better every day.  I'll probably stop back around the same time next year to pick up another pair of raw selvedge jeans.
Bring your $$$$ and get ready to be amazed. This place stocks ultra high denim for denim lovers. If you don't know what selvage is you should probably continue to buy your True Religion jeans and be happy. The salesperson took a lot of time with me and was a bit of a smart ass, but I liked that. They carry several exclusive projects in the store and are right across from Epaulet which is another must see place in NYC.
This past Sunday, I stopped by Self Edge to pick up a new pair of jeans. Honestly, I was a bit nervous stepping in here after reading some of the Yelp reviews. I'm not "cool" and I don't know anyone who works here. I'm just a guy that likes denim. Anyway, that's not really important. When I walked through the door, I was impressed by the design and layout of the store. It is really quite nice. They carry some of the best brands around and seem to have a good stock of different sizes and cuts. I was the only one there and the sales guy sitting in the back asked me if I needed any help. I told him about some jeans I had seen on their website and let him know that I was unsure about how they fit and wanted to try on a couple different sizes and cuts. He helped me out with several different pairs. Once I found something that I was happy with, he helped me with figuring out how much to hem them, as I like to cuff. The chainstitch hem, done on a vintage Union Special, was included in the price. Although they told me that the hem would take 1-1.5 weeks, it only took a few days. Overall, I was happy with the experience and will definitely be back for my next pair. I even brought another pair over to be repaired when picking up my newly hemmed 3Sixteens.
I was pretty bummed when I noticed that my jeans were starting to go bald in the crotch. I didn't know crotch repair was a thing. I just figured I'd have to let evolution take its course and find a younger, stronger pair. Enter Self Edge. They make time go backwards. I brought them my thinning jeans and the attendant took copious notes on which parts I wanted repaired. I felt like I was talking to someone with a degree in denim. Seven days and $40 later, my Diesel Jeans received what all balding men want: a toupee sewn into the existing hair on their head and into their scalp. Fantasy time for these jeans. I've come to learn that while Diesel Jeans--despite what the price tag would suggest--are distressed and deteriorate quickly, the wizards at Self Edge can undo the effects of time. Next time I buy a pair of jeans it will be from this place. Their entry level raw denim was about $215 and out of my price range. However, I feel like if I am making an investment in denim and I choose to trust anyone's knowledge, it should be these guys. Don't let denim pattern baldness wreck your life--hit these guys up.
I am wearing my Self Edge / Superfuture denim right now. This is my favorite clothing store in NYC.  Why buy jeans from anywhere else?  The staff is extremely helpful and denim is top notch.  The jeans are pricey, but you guy what you pay for.  In my opinion, they are worth every penny.  If you are looking for the best selvage denim in NYC look no further.  Self Edge has the best selection around.   After you buy denim from Self Edge you will notice that most other people on the street wear deplorable jeans.  You don't want to look like those people, do you? I cannot recommend this place highly enough.
Ok folks let's keep this simple: there are jeans, and then there is DENIM. The difference is simple, common jeans are blue with a variety of fake aging processes applied to them, have varying amounts of ornamentation and are mass market consumer goods ranging in price from $5 at walmart to $200+ at true religion/diesel/7/etc. There is nothing wrong with jeans, everybody wears them, but they are disposable and honestly slightly lame because all that distressing is artificial and will never match your body shape, they are fake versions of DENIM. DENIM when made into pants on the other hand is a magical fabric, it starts off hard and dark and slightly uncomfortable, but the idea is that if you put time and effort in it becomes like a second skin with a personality all it's own created just by you. You see real raw selvedge natural indigo dyed zimbabwe cotton vintage levis loomed japanese DENIM creates pants that can (and should!) be worn for years straight. These are every single day jeans. The ones that over time start to wear in all the places where your body rubs up against them or folds them when you sit, when you stand, when you walk. And as you wear them down you are removing the indigo dye so that those areas get lighter and lighter. Then 6-12 months later you wash them for the first time and BAM! you have perfectly "distressed" jeans that highlight and conform to every contor of your body. And btw these are the types of jeans that look amazing on anybody, because they were formed by your body. Suffice it to say this is not the simplest process but the folks at Self Edge make learning and appreciating it a pleasure. The people who work there are very cool and will talk you through all the finer points and help you pick the very best pair of DENIM for you. I went into their store 18 months ago with the vague idea I wanted a great pair of jeans, I came out with a pair that I have since worn nearly every day since and that have become the best looking pair of jeans I have ever owned or seen because they were formed by me. I have since gone in to get those original jeans repaired (they will fix anything for you) and have gotten another pair to start working on! I simply can not recommend this store and the amazing products they carry highly enough. Just go, be ready to pay $200-350 (the best doesnt come cheap), and walk out with a pair of jeans you will cherish for YEARS to come!
This is THE store for jeans in whole USA. And as NYC is part of USA: this is THE store for jeans in whole NYC. Period.
I walked into SENY not knowing much about raw denim, other than the fact that I loved my Triple Works slim-straights and wanted another pair of amazingly-crafted jeans. Thomas and Andrew were some of the most friendly and attentive guys I've ever had the pleasure of talking with. Both had encyclopedic knowledge of their products, and were happy to chat with me while I tried stuff on. What really hit it for me was how friendly and interested both of them were in what they did - With a smile and a handshake, it seemed like both of them were absolutely stoked about seeing me off with my new Strike Golds. Absolutely loved the denim curtain on the dressing room too, these guys love the little details.
Self Edge is simply The Place to go if you're a true denim enthusiast. Once you've opened the door you know you just found it. The boutique is very tiny but very tidy. Above all, it's very welcoming and I'll always remember my purchasing experience with the hugely sympathetic Andrew Chen as one of the most pleasant (linkedin.com/in/andrewjc… // ajchen.com). And I can assure you this guy has a great eye for detail : I remember I arrived in the store with the idea of purchasing one particular item I saw on the Internet but ended with a nice pair of straight Iron Hearts which perfectly combined with my boots (as he anticipated) and therefore perfectly suited the style I was looking for. As a reminder I must warn newcomers that Self Edge sells high end raw japanese Denim, which means it's expensive BUT it's definitely worth it. If you're looking for a masterpiece for your wardrobe, there is great chance you're going to find it there. In the end their products are not that expensive, especially compared to Diesel or 7 denim which are much, much cheaper in quality (there is just no way you can make a comparison here). If you're on a trip in NYC you definitely cannot miss this place.
I visited Self Edge on a week-long trip to NYC.  We've been to the store in San Francisco, and decided to check out the New York store.  The NY store is awesome--beautiful layout, and amazing selection of Japanese denim (Iron Heart, Flat Head, Sugar Cane, etc.). I tried on some Strike Gold denim, and the Sugar Cane Okis and Hawaiis, and my crazy tried on their womens' line, Sling and Stones.  The employees, Allan and Andrew, were both super-cool, and friendly, offering honest advice and service. We went back a few days later, and I bought the Sugar Cane Okinawas.  I was helped by Thomas this time, who was also awesome.   It was a completely positive shopping experience!
Self Edge rocks. Well, the service made it rock even more. Tommy (sorry if I got your name wrong; employee originally from Phoenix) was super friendly and helpful. He spent a great deal of time explaining various types of leather and how they were used on different goods. I ended up purchasing a sweet Sugar Cane untanned belt. As I prepared to pay, I got to experience Square, the payment service that works with a little unit attached to an iPod/iPhone/iPad. Got an instant receipt via email too! If you are particular about denim or western type of clothing, you MUST check out Self Edge.
Custom wrought iron hangers, antiques, mini chandeliers...oh, and wonderfully made clothes and Japanese selvedge denim, if you're into that sort of stuff. I'm not a guy, but if I was, this would be my number 1 place to pick up some well-crafted, mature, clothes for people in the know. Andrew, of 3sixteen, is the friendliest and most humble person ever and is always willing to answer any questions about any of the items in the store. Even if you want to just ask about the furniture...which I did. In my defense, I also asked about a sweet tote bag made of waxed canvas which I wanted to get for myself, so I'm not a total weirdo. Definitely drop by and check them out! I know that I am going again, probably really soon, and will be picking up a few things for the brother and the boyfriend (I'm the best, I know). And for further proof that I'm great, I'm attaching pictures from the grand opening tonight!
