Blue in Green is a men's store, located in SoHo, off of Greene St.  I was so excited to finally check this store out to get my hands on (and molest) their selection of Kapital clothing.  I love the mannequins with the animal heads, sporting outfits, in the store window and another one as an in-store display.  When you walk in, to your left, is a huge wall shelving of Japanese denim - it was pretty crazy!  You see a lot of folks coming in, getting measured for hemming, and/or trying out their finished hemmed pants.  To your right, you have your clothing (Left Field, Fullcount, Studio D'Artisan, The Real McCoy's, etc.); there was even a sales rack of random brands; in the middle, the long tables had some other accessories and shoes (New Balance, etc.).  I honed in on the small rack of Kapital wear that they have and I right away found the hoodie I wanted.  This store only displays one size of each style, so if you are looking for another size to try on, just ask!  The employees in there are so sweet and they are willing to look in their inventory book and look up their availability for any item that you are seeking.  There are 2 small dressing rooms in the back (behind the cashier), so you might have to wait a bit (I did wait for about 20 minutes as the doodes were doing a denim fitting).  The store doesn't participate in 'Tax-Free' weekends and events, but they will work it out with you if you pay for your purchases in cash :P (There's a Bank of America around the corner about 2 blocks away).  The store also has an online shop, so if you don't live in the city, you can order items at your convenience.  Just note that the sizing is different, so you do have to use measurements in cms to get accuracy and a properly fitting of the wear.  The items here are high quality, so keep that in mind when you're slapping down your moolah on the counter! :D +Kapital hoodies (made in Japan, produced in very limited quantities) +crazy Japanese denim selection +tax free if you pay in cash (BoA around the corner, 2 blocks away)
Ok to be perfectly honest, I came in here to take advantage of they brick and mortar shop when I was shopping for a pair of jeans since I was ordering off of Denimio; but I actually got some really good help when I walked in. The shop was smaller than I expected, but they had a huge selection and the long-haired guy up at the counter helped me find the Fullcount and PBJ jeans I wanted to try on. I asked him a few questions about Zimbabwe cotton and Highland cotton and the differences and he patiently explained everything to me. I waited maybe a minute for him to go into the back room to find the denim in the size I wanted and I was very pleased with the attentiveness of their employees. If it weren't for the $100 jack-up on all the prices here as opposed to on a Japanese online store, I would've purchased them right there on the spot.
Love this place! Was in NYC for a few weeks & was determined to find the best denim store...this is it! I went in to find my first real pair of japanese selvedge demin  & was blown away by their selection. I had done some research beforehand & I quickly notice they had all the top brands in japanese denim. The service was top-notch. The ladies there were extremely patient & more than helpful. I must have tried on 10 different pairs before finding the perfect ones. They never pressured me or tried to sway me. Definitely going back when I'm back in town.
One of the few places in the country to get The Real McCoy's (among other Japanese brands they stock). Yuji is a fantastically patient and welcoming fellow, and he has been exceedingly helpful. Gordon is also a great guy with whom to deal.
amazing selection if you love japanese denim great raw/selvedge selection brands that not too many stores in America carry excellent customer service! very friendly and answered all my questions politely as i nervously contemplated spending more than I ever had on jeans before. went on complete trust when he told me that the pair i picked up wouldn't shrink anymore (lets hope they're right as they were already a bit snug, but have loosened up a bit since, as most raw denim will). with next day hemming picked them up the day after and been very happy with them since
Can I live here? No really, can I? I never thought that over 5000 miles from home I could find a store that was so clean, organized, homely and made me want everything in it despite it being my first visit to a Japanese denim boutique and my first taste of Japanese denim. I blame my boyfriend, entirely, for having lured me into such a wonderful place where I spent a fraction of what I will come to know as the JDM obsession for Japanese denim. How did stores like this allude me for so long? Why do I have so many freaking pairs of sevens'?! Indeed, this is the promise land for those niche collection of people who understand raw denim, obsess over the quality and quantity AND weight of Zimbabwe cotton handmade in Japan and fade in the way you wear it after 6 months of no washing and pure raw wear. This is where you cease to become a brand that has been identifying generations of men and women by their back pockets and evolve into something greater, something better, your *own* brand. Yes those are your wallet imprints in the back pocket and your knee creases in the middle. It's not an assembly line, factory manufactured "well worn" design; it's your own creation. Aside from all this wonderful new passion I've suddenly found in paying three pairs of Sevens prices for one pair of raw denim, the store owners are extremely helpful, knowledgeable and awesome at chain stitching on the fly! I've never seen more patient staff at any other store, who were willing to listen to me and help me understand everything I didn't know about Japanese denim, which ... was pretty much everything and assured me of my purchase. I've never had a better experience buying anything before, not even my car. Plus the bf walked away with an awesome pair of Somei (sp?) jeans ... I can't wait to see what they look like in a few months. This is a must visit, even if you aren't into jeans, you will be after this!
Big Japanese denim fan here. This place has a great selection of small brands.  Personally I prefer the service, atmosphere and selection here over Self Edge. Service: - Japanese dude who helped me here was pretty good and didn't get frustrated after I tried on a dozen pairs (I bought a pair) - Measurements for the hemming were spot on, accounted for shrinkage after first wash, etc - they know what they are doing - Hem was finished in less than 24 hrs - All repairs are free for life on the jeans you buy there (very nice feature) Overall: -Positive experience.  I will be back when I get the itch for a new pair.  Until then I'll enjoy the Eternal's that I picked up - They have some nice accessories and some outerwear/sweats/henley's  as well
If you're looking for cheap jeans go to the Gap (seriously their new denim is pretty good). If you're looking for jeans that are already washed and have fancy back pockets then go to Nordstroms. But if you're looking for a pair of salvage denim that hurt to break in and have fades as sick as Poly800rock jawnz then Blue In Green is it. Not only do they have a wide selection of high-end selvege denim, they also have an incredibly knowledgeable staff able to answer anything from fit, weight, to denim shrinkage. So if you're a denim-head in search of high-quality denim and got some cash to burn then Blue In Green is it.
Blue In Green, or BiG, is probably the only store in New York where you can  buy fantastic Japanese denim. I don't mean the fabric is from Japan and constructed in Vietnam. I mean the actual the Japanese brand that makes all their products in Japan. Now stop believing that these companies bought their looms from Levi's. Levi's wished they had looms to begin with. Most of these Japanese denims are made on Toyoda looms, some which are vintage. If you're sick of your subpar quality designer denim, and you want something that will last the test of time, ditch all that diesel crap and get a pair of Samurai's. They even sell the made in Japan Evisu's that you can't get anywhere outside of Osaka. (For all you hip hop heads, take notice. this ain't the crappy heritage evisu you see everywhere) The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. There's also a free hemming service on jeans bought at the store. On a vintage hemming Union Special. Highly, highly recommended.
Honestly, you cannot find a better selection of fine denim anywhere else in the states. Self Edge is a close second, but there's something more to Blue in Green. It seems much more genuine, more low-key, in a way... Simply put: more Japanese. This is not the place for a casual drop-in. The staff is neither friendly or overly helpful. I'm not sure if this is cultural, or a language barrier. It doesn't matter because of the inventory. If you know what you're doing, come here to get your hands on brands like Samurai and PBJ -- considering Blue in Green is the *only* stockist in the US. Ika helped me find the correct size of a pantaloon I had been eyeing for quite some time, and her advice on how long to leave the inseam when they hemmed my new baby (free chain-stitching with purchase) was spot on. Bring your plastic; it helps if you're feeling spendy.
For the folks that don't want to read a long treatise: Blue in Green is a great place for folks that truly love denim and jeans. I got my first pair of Eternals, and I'm hooked. The owner and staff are great, very attentive - even down to hemming your jeans with matching thread, using an antique chainstitcher, right after purchase! Suggestion: ask for "one-wash" if you don't have easy access to a washing machine. You'll need to launder the "raw" stuff a lot before it is wearable. Some negs: cramped quarters. VERY HOT, dress in layers when you come to try jeans on (which is a bit of workout given how stiff some of the unwashed stuff is). Truthfully, paying around $250 for a pair of jeans is kind of silly. That is, unless you love what jeans used to be. Jeans used to be manly. They used to be tough. They used to be utilitarian workware that became beautified by years of wear, not by assembly line sandblasting or chemical washes. Jeans used to be American. Today? Levis are made in China sweatshops, and they're paper thin. The only American maker that's part-way decent is Lucky, and they're made even worse than the Chinese stuff. My last pair of each are about to die after less than a year. Strangely, all that was great about American Jeans has ended up in Japan. They use the old looms and make denim and jeans the old-fashioned way. They strive to reproduce the classic jeans of the 40's, 50's and 60's, before jeans were fashion, and when they sold for between $2 and $5 a pair. We're talking thick (up to 21 oz fabric - super thick) dyed with the finest indigo, and with a great slubby feel. It is strange to me that what was once a symbol of America has been bought (seriously - the Japanese brands bought the old looms from companies like Levis) and resold as a luxury good. Such is the reality of America in the '00s. All economic nostalgia aside, I suggest that you stop by and try a pair on. You may develop an expensive indigo habit.
Having read a lot about Japanese denim and in particular Blue In Green, I just HAD to drop by when I made my first trip to NYC, just to see what all the fuss was about. I echo the unanimous praise poured upon this store. The store itself is quite small and very boutique-like with a buzzer at the door, but it is in no way pretentious or intimidating and this extends to the staff that work there. They are absolutely wonderful and incredibly helpful, particularly if you are new to the world of high quality Japanese denim as I was. In total, I spent around forty minutes in the store getting measured, trying on the many highly regarded jeans on offer, asking an inordinate amount of questions and in no way did I ever felt rushed or pressured into buying. They possess a real passion and genuine enthusiasm for the product. With my mind set on a pair of Samurais, they were taken to be hemmed on their antique shuttle looms (a proper shuttle loom from the days when denim were still made for durability and ruggedness) whilst I walked amongst the chaos of Canal Street nearby. Twenty minutes later and a polite call from the staff to notify me that my jeans were ready and I had my first ever pair of Japanese jeans. I couldn't be happier.  I would never consider jean-shopping as 'fun', but the experience at Blue In Green was actually very enjoyable The jeans themselves are obviously expensive, but there is a reason why quality denim of this ilk have been gaining fans all over the world. If you are already a fan of Japanese denim, Blue In Green is a no-brainer... as far as I'm aware there is no other store quite like it in NYC. If you simply want to move beyond the typical mass produced, pre-washed jeans with fake fade areas and creases from the typical department store, then there are no better people than the guys at Blue In Green to put you in a pair that will become a canvas of *you*.
This is heaven for any TRUE denim fanatic. Nudies, Seven Jeans, and True Religion, Uniqlo Raw Denim wearers please leave. Being a skinny Asian girl who is obsessed with denim..I can say I lead a very hard life. Finding the perfect pair of jeans to satisfy my figure is hard since men sizes are very big and they were usually not tapered for slim women. I only trust Gordon when it comes to finding the absolute perfect pair. Pure Blue Japan 011's and 13's have been my current pair of raw denims for the past 3 years. I always try to stop by even when I don't need a new pair of jeans. Being here just makes me happy to know that denim has not died out. If you're a Self-Edge fanboy you might not appreciate BiG as much since they don't carry other brands of raw denims but they have a lot unique pairs that you might want to look into. Forever a fan.
Arguably, the best denim store in America. You could say Blue in Green ignited the Japanese denim craze here. And Gordon, one of the store owners, is also arguably the most knowledgeable guru of Japanese denim. He's quiet, humble, but very helpful. There are many cool fashion stuff in the store, but imho their strength is in the denim. I also recommend to check out other stuff there, like vintage sneaker replicas, heavy-duty leather wallets and belts, if you're into them.
I picked up a pair of Samurai 710s here on a recent trip. Since Blue in Green is the exclusive reseller of Samurai's in America, I can now strut them around the Bay Area and be confident that I'm the only person with a pair in a hundred mile radius. Unless some SF hipsters picked up a pair...damn them. But anyway, I went in to this store with some money to burn and a limited knowledge about Japanese denim. Raw? Selvege? Weights of fabric? Why is everything 36inches in length? But, the staff was really knowledgeable and friendly. They helped me pick up a great pair of jeans and helped me with the fit (since raw denim expands with wear, I went with a pair that I originally thought was waaay too tight, but has since worked out nicely). They're not stuck up at all or carry themselves with any arrogance at all, which really sealed the deal for me. Plus, they do chain stitching in-store, so your jeans are good to go within 10 minutes. Next time I come to New York, I'll be stopping by to see what they've got in stock.
phenomenal service again. Im all the way in west coast and they are all the way in east coast and they always get my orders (and requests) right. Gordon does it again. killer duvetica jacket coming soon. pic in my profile. cant wait.
This place has been on my bucket list for years.  This year I decided that it was time stopped drooling over the website and I actually went in to the actual store.   I am so happy I made the trip.  My husband is jean obsessed and I new he would be able to find the perfect pair at this shop.  The salespeople were extremely attentive and did all they could to assist him in his Samurai jean purchasing experience.   When we  went in he knew he wanted a pair of Samurai jeans but he just didn't know what size or style to go with.  The saleswomen who helped us took her time to measure him and to help us find the style that was best for him.  The jeans needed to be hemmed and they actually did it right there on the spot.   I was surprised at all the other items that this store had to offer.  They had several jackets, sneakers and lots of accessories.  It was fun and exciting to look around while my husbands jeans we're being hemmed.  Unfortunately the budget only allowed for one pair of jeans and no other items during this visit but hopefully next time we'll leave with a few bags.   I can't wait for our next trip.  This shop is a must for all jean lovers.
Surely the best shop in NYC for a wide selection of Japanese denim. What makes the store a gem is a combination of a wonderful  staff (most importantly Naoki who settles for no less that total satisfaction), the choice of clothing and leather goods, and a follow up that speaks about long term interest in customer loyalty. I so much enjoy stopping by even if I don't buy anything.
After near a year with my APC NS I decided to get a new pair and came to BIG. Reviews are right everywhere, not much else to say. Great selection of Japanese denim (Eternal, Samurai, PBJ, Oni, etc.) and other items (Shirts, shoes, jackets, accessories, etc). Great, knowledgeable staff that know their product and help out the customer. Ending up buying a pair of Oni Blue. Actually doing a hot soak right now. haha sufu steez son
I love BiG. It's a TRUE denim lover's dream store with some of the best brands. Everytime I come here, I'm amazed at their selection of not only denim, but tops and leather products as well. Now that raw selvege is on the rise in the fashion world (sorry purists), more people should check BiG out. The staff is extremely knowledgeable in the art and don't judge you for your inexperience with their product. I've been looking to pick up a pair of Sammies and I'll definitely be buying them from here. Working on my APC PS & Uniqlo raws atm. Set expectations high for good quality at a price which reflects the craftmanship that went into each stitch.
Everyone esle pretty much has it covered on how amazing this place is, but to relay a story that happened yesterday - Went in to purchase a pair of jeans and I knew exactly what I wanted.  Typical wonderful help in getting the pair I wanted and trying them on, and as I was being rung up the salesclerk remembered I had purchased the exact same pair in the past, the fact that I bought another pair at the same time, and that it was snowing that particular day.  Mind you, this was over 2 years ago and I have only been to the store maybe 4 times total.  Simply can't beat customer service like that.   Bottom line is to just throw out the crappy denim in your closet and get the real deal here.
i live in Austin, TX and i've been a denimhead since the early 2000's starting with APC and Nudie, and eventually worked my way into the niche Japanese brands.  i've known about this place since it opened a few years ago and have had many a trip to NY since then, but for some reason or not i wasn't able to fit in a trip to Blue In Green.   this time around i had that time and my mission was to pickup a pair of Skulls or Eternals. anyway, about the experience ... it's in this unassuming little space where you have to ring a doorbell to get in.  it's not too hard to find since there's a conveniently large sign hanging high out front.  walking in and perusing my mind was literally going, "i can has PBJ's?! and Samurais?! and Momotaros?! is this real life?"  anyway, i was painfully lugging my luggage around the city bc we had time to kill before we could get to our friend's place and my salesperson Toshi was nice enough to let us store it out of the way so i could shop.  i knew what i wanted to try on and let him know, and he went ahead and pulled out a binder they use to carefully catalogue all the jeans and their sizes in the store. one heads up is that the dressing rooms are really small, like maybe, MAYBE 3x3 feet, so getting in and out of a pair of tight dry denim that feels like cardboard can be a little rough - but hey it's NY, all real estate is tiny. anyway, Toshi was super patient as i kept on switching from one pair to another, sizing up, sizing down etc, but i finally made my decision on a pair of Skull 5010's. we got there around 6:45, and i finally made my decision around 7:30 ish, and they close at 8.  i wanted to go ahead and let them hem my jeans bc it's complimentary and bc they have the union special machine.  Toshi patiently offered his advice on how short i should hem them considering the shoes/boots i planned to wear with them.  i was fully expecting to have to come back the next day since they were about to close, but they had the hem done in literally 15 min. i can't say enough about the selection and service offered by this awesome shop, and now i can finally say i made the pilgrimage to Blue in Green.  i literally walked out of the place like a kid in a candy store.
Finally got to visit this spot and see what it's all about. Since I'm from SF, I usually get my denim fix from Self-Edge. I just bought a pair of Roy jeans so I couldn't come to terms with myself if I were to buy a Samurai shirt for $250. I like the neighborhood, service, selection, and decor of the store. Too bad I don't live in NY.
will all the true denim heads please stand up.  Ditch those awful seven and true religion jeans that every other person in the city is wearing and go for real denim here.  the attention to detail and quality of japanese denim cannot be matched anywhere and if you've ever seen and tried on  a pair of studio d' artisans , pure blue's , samurai's , john bull's , 45rpm, sugar canes  then you'll know what I'm talking about.  I love finally having a denim shop in the city where they know their stuff. go check them out! Update: Levi's has decided to file suit against the smaller companies and due to copyright infringement of the vertical tab and arcs, jeans at blue in green will be shipped without the arcs and tabs until further notice. Shame on you Levi.
Blue in Green is a great store. I went in today to look at the jeans, and while I didn't find any, I was impressed by their selection. They carry many brands that you wont find in, say, Barney's Co-op; they're much more knowledgeable too. The service was very friendly. I felt like a valued customer--this is something I really demand when I shop. They really helped me out, but they also gave me my space and time, which I really need when shopping for denim. Like I said, I didn't find any jeans, but I bought a cool button-down shirt, which was on sale for $32.00.
For all you denim fanatics, this is the promised land. Owners Gordon and Yuji are really great.  Knowledgeable, personable, and above all passionate about their goods.  Though their operation has grown through the years, these two won't hesitate to dig through mountains of stock for your size, let you pick their brains for everything from dyes to weights to cuts to fades; they'll even hem your purchase themselves with one of the few heavy duty chainstitch machines on our island. The rest of the staff is great too, for the most part sharing their bosses' passion for pantaloons.  Not sure if Noriko is still working there, but how often do you meet a girl who realizes that Sevens and TRs aren't the be all and end all? Great use of modest boutique space, impeccably organized, with a cool, relaxing vibe.  Soundtrack follows suit, with Miles Davis giving way to My Bloody Valentine.  Fitting room space is limited, but with all the excellent and constantly updating stock, it's a worthwhile tradeoff.   The owners have cultivated strong relationships with many elite brands, and have put out custom runs with the likes of Warehouse and Eternal. Back when I was still working for Evisu they also played host to occasional industry events, launching our No. 1s stateside and throwing a well stocked soiree to welcome Samurai Jeans founder Nogami Toru. They've got a wide selection of workwear and a seriously amazing brand stocklist.  Ordering online is has proven pretty painless, but with new goodies flowing in and thoughtful conversations to be had, there's no reason to avoid a visit.
Doesn't get any better than this when denim shopping downtown. Gordon is the man!  Super-knowledgeable and friendly.  I buy all of my Japanese (PBJ/Samurai) denim from them.   That's pretty much all I have to say about this shop.  5-star place, for sure.  I recommend if you're a denim-head. They also have PBJ, Skulls, and Geisha's (Samurai) for women.
A must-go for denim lovers. Lots of Japanese brands, no pushy and very knowledgeable salespeople and an excellent after-sales services (Repairs, etc.).
I love this store and wish I had more money to spend here. Ladies, if you want to get your man something cool and nice, this is a great spot to find that gift. I love the Japanese denim sold here, I recently purchased a shirt that is destined to be my traveling companion for years to come. The staff is very cool, too. If you return something, instead of getting a receipt they will just jot your name down in a magic notebook. Just pray they don't lose it. It's all very quaint and simple, and that seems to flow with a lot of the jeans, shirts and hats available at Blue in Green.
This is the spot for mens high end denim.  I picked up a pair of Samurais on my first visit.  The staff was knowledgeable and very friendly.  They went out of their way to find a pair that fit right and even offered assistance on what looked best.  Go here for hard to find, rare and unique mens denim.
Blue in Green serves as one of the two major denim shops in North America that offers a great selection of authentic, denim-head brands such as Samurai, Fullcount, and Eternal. Go here if you're into really high-quality, raw denim.
Gordon is definitely the man. Great customer service responds back to sizing questions spot on and is always looking forward to get sizing correct sharing possible options. They ship quick too! Always a plus. Great selection. If you need a pair of quality jeans, go here.
Went here a couple years back to get some Samurai 710s. Gordon is very helpful, and the entire staff is very knowledgeable. And, they have the best selection of denim on the East Coast (Samurai, PBJ, etc.)
Grabbed a pair of SD-101's the other day.  Excellent service and quick hemming to the exact correct length in about 30 min.  Highly recommended.
This place has been on my list for years. I actually went in to the actual store. I am so happy I made the trip.  The service were extremely attentive and did all they could to assist me.
Damn this place is  AMAZING  if you like raw japanese denim. This is 1 of 2 stores in the US that carry japanese raw denim, (the other being selfedge in california). They carry the full line of samurais, a bunch of the best sugar canes, pure blue japans, somt, eternal, skulls, oni, wharehouse, and others. This is the only store where most of these jeans can be purchased in America. The people who work here are unbelievably nice as well and will help you find whatever you are looking for. The store is pretty small, but it has a nice cozy feel to it. Dressing rooms are very small, but whatever. Its %100000 worth it to come here. If you're a small guy in general too, they have some very slim fitting jeans that will work perfectly. Will definitely be making many future purchases here!!
This review I hope will help those buying online. I have never been to the store (being based in Australia), so took advantage of their online store. I think some areas of the web site could be improved as sizing is an obvious issue with raw/dry denim, but it is far better than other sites I have visited. I sent through an email pertaining to sizing and was answered within 24 hours. The order went through OK and I was advised by BiG by email quickly. I had requested a hemming taking into account shrinkage, and this was all done quickly, so quickly that I think the turnaround time from order to advice on being dispatched was less than 12 hours. Now the nail biting wait for the jeans themselves and the Samurais I ordered arrived some three days later. All in all a positive experience I will gladly repeat next time.
I got my first taste of Japanese denim at a cool store called James Fabled in Osaka, and there was no going back.  Unfortunately, frequent trips to Japan just to get my denim fix are just not in the cards, so when doing some research one day I stumbled upon Blue in Green Soho, which carries Pure Blue Japan denim, my fav.  I wrote them to see if they had a certain model/ size in stock and received a prompt reply that no they didn't, but that they would let me know as soon as it came in.  Sure enough, two months later I received a friendly email letting me know that they had my size/ model in and that they would set a pair aside for me.  Very cool.  I ordered, along with hemming instructions and a few days later I had my brand spanking new jeans.  Returns were not a problem, and they were great with communication when it came to questions about sizing, etc...  Overall a great experience, and I will be giving them future business.
Rather than add to all the rave reviews for BiG, which I completely endorse, I just want to mention this shop provides customer service like no other. I purchased a pair of Somet jeans here recently (amazing jeans) and realized I had a problem with them the first month into initial wear. I emailed Gordon, the shop's proprietor, to ask his advice on what could be done. Let me just say, his response and subsequent service went above and beyond my expectations; I couldn't be more pleased with the results.
amazing jeans, service, jazz music, alterations on the spot. american made jeans and the finest japanese jeans.
great store with an incredibly helpful staff. great selection of denim, trousers, and sweats.
This place is awesome.  I have been planning to go here for a long long time and I'm so glad that I finally did.  I've been looking at the web site for over a year, but the store and the salespeople are so much better.  I went in looking for a pair of Samurai jeans, but while they didn't have the style I was looking for in stock in my size, the salesgirl was extremely helpful in showing me other brands/models that have a similar fit.  I am glad she did because I was able to discover a relatively less common (not that anything here is common) brand by the name of Momotaro.  I bought a pair of the 0201s and one of the gentlemen hemmed them with a vintage chain stitch machine while I looked around and tried on some awesome Baracuta jackets.  They left a bit of length on the jeans to account for shrinkage after soaking (these are shrink-to-fit denim) and they were right on after I soaked them.  The fit is awesome and the denim is really amazing.  I wish I had shopped here years ago.  This is a really unique store that sells products that are otherwise almost unavailable in the US.  There aren't a huge amount of shops that sell these jeans even in Japan from what I understand.  You'll leave here with something really different from all of the fashion brands for not much more money.  Plus, they will be so far ahead in quality, longevity, and style.  This store also carries a nice selection of hard to find leather goods such as belts and wallets, plus Buzz Rickson sneakers, Baracuta jackets, and other great shirts, sweaters, etc.
bought the coolest jeans form here !!!
