Had a good time last night after a bad experience at Melody's down the block. Hookah was great, the hookah staff is really on point here. They make sure they refill the coals ever so often. The lady who served us was really nice too, despite that fact that she was busy, she was still always checking in to make sure everything was okay. So that was a big plus. My vodkacran tasted a little weird so I steered clear of it and just kept on with the buckets of cold coronas. Whomever the DJ was, he is great. Great variety and doesn't stay on one genre too long. Thumbs up to that guy.
Dearest Sultana - Are you a bar? A night club? A hookah lounge? After my visit last weekend you left me so perplexed that I couldn't discern the difference. Loud pulsating music, narrow dark walls lined with sofas, neon lights and hookahs with LEDs glowing in their belly set the scene here. It feels like long island replica of a ground level Manhattan club. They offer bottle service, for those that feel so opulent to purchase a bottle of goose (er, why?) but the bar is rather limited. Unless you desire a swig of a jack n' coke, sangria or a margarita -- tough noogies. Naturally, I opted for a captain and ginger. While I'm no where near the point in my life where I can shake a cane and yell at kids to get off my lawn, I have to say the crowd was young. At first, it appeared the only occupants @ 9:30pm were only the staff and their friends but it slowly filled to half capacity later into the night. Music was LOUD LOUD LOUD and every 90 seconds the DJ was blaring the air horn sound -- brtbrtbrtBHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! Seriously? Spare my ear drums, they don't wish to bleed profusely tonight. Music was varied between house, rap and at one point latin - which actually made the crowd get up and dance (including myself). The hookah experience was just peachy-- literally. Assorted flavors on the menu swayed towards fruit, to please the ladies I'm sure. I enjoyed my uh-- "adult time on the beach" flavored hookah with friends. The staff was extremely attentive, changing coals and checking up on us at constant intervals. Sultana is a far cry from the traditional Steinway hookah experience, so it all depends on what you're looking for.
Strobe lights, dark interiors, trance music.... I almost feel like an underaged kid at some highschool hangout spot when i first stepped in here. Not the typiccal hookah bar I would give a second glance..but someone took me here so I figured what the hell.. It turns out that apprently I liked the strobe lights and trance music more than I wanted to.  The whole atmophere actually goes well with the really smooth hookah they have here. I wasn't too impressed with their Rose hookah since it tasted too artificial but we liked the apple lemon Jay made for us... his special recipe he said. OOO and the 4 stars is for the ultrasmooth hookah and awesome service... definitely the best service ive had in steinway or hookah bars in general.. Jay was very attentive as he came back every 15 mins to make sure we were okay and to change our coal..kudos to u !! Dear owner: The bathroom door knob fell off so I had a hard time getting out... please change it as we don't want people getting locked in and the music is too loud for us to scream for help. Thanks!
1 star for the cool bouncers and cool staff. 1 star for the great music they always play. Minus 3 stars for the roach I found in my drink.
I went here on a Thursday night, the atmosphere was really nice. Music was on point and everyone there was respectful. Pros: They were very attentive on keeping our coal lighten... Cons: They charge an extra $20 for their tip on the bill (isn't the customer suppose to give willingly?), & it can be a little hard to get the servers attentions with them running back and forth outside =/
I'm no hookah expert, and I've never done it until last Friday night. This review is on behalf of the patrons who I was with, who definitely are experts. According to them the hookah is smooth, packed with flavor, and comes in many different varieties. And according to them, this place has the best hookah in town (which is saying a lot since the place is two doors  down from the esteemed Egyptian Coffee Shop) I'll take their word for it. My thoughts the place: I had a good experience losing my hookah virginity. The staff was nice and helpful. The music on that Friday night was awesome. The Egyptian lemonade was probably the best lemonade I've ever had. The food and the bar take a bake seat to the hookah. They ran out of a lot of staff, and my friends said the burger was mediocre at best. Basically, the food is just there, in case you decide to get hungry. Sultana Cafe is a nice place to go, hang out, relax, and do some hookah. I have no complaints. Since this place relies on its hookah and not much else, and my hookah veteran friends love the establishment, I have no choice but to give it 5 stars.
Am still light headed, dam you hookah, dam, u!!!lol! Am a huge fan of this place, friendly staff, Moroccan lanterns hanging from the ceiling, comfty seating. the staff was always attentive to all their guest, they know how to keep the hookah lit. For example they always changed the charcoal, they prep it for you, they always ask you if everything was OK. And you know what, I felt more than OK at Sultanas, you could say I felt at home. I love the music, the crowd was pretty mixed, just like Queens. I will definitely visit in the near future.
Had a great time here last night. The hookah was excellent and the blue Long Island ice tea was strong and amazing. The DJ was insane, I liked the fact it wasn't just the reggae music. And the one bar tender was super friendly (maybe too drunk). Only down fall was getting kicked out right before closing to witness said bar tender getting into a fight and someone pulling a knife. And the fact it was so hot in there the walls were sweating and my nice hair started frizzing up. Otherwise, typical bar for the younger crowd, good music, good drinks and hookah. Will definitely be coming back here
Man, this place fell off BIG time and I take back all the superlatives I once showered it with. The place has security now and you have to get CHECKED before you come in, the music is crappy, the customer service is a pile of shit, the quality of the hookah is poop, the people womp, the demographic of the place is simply no good. When I first came here I was raving about this place but I take it back big time, PIG time. So if you've read my last review, take all the positive things I've said and throw it in the bin. Instead, there's plenty of much better hookah lounges in Steinway and I recommend you check them out or check out Rotona Hookah lounge which is on the same street. BOO!!! This place SUCKS!!
I've been to a few hookah places in Chicago, SF, and NY and I have to say this by far is the best that I've experienced! A lot of people tend to hype up hookah just like they do sushi so certain places try to add on stupid amenities such as hookah + bottle service which in the end can rack up a rather ridiculous bill.  It'd be worth it if the service was up to par and they'd fix the hookah once in awhile without trying to flag them down after 15 minutes of smoking but I digress... Anyway, it's a cozy place with some very comfortable couches and some old hip hop, RnB or Arabic music to keep you relaxed at night. The crowd is pretty chill although I noticed a majority of them look like late teens and early 20s but I couldn't tell due to the lighting. The hostess and waitstaff were extremely friendly and courteous.  Hookah was inexpensive ($10) AND the service was EXCELLENT!!  Several different people came by our table to check on the hookahs and the hostess offered to take our pictures since we had some friends from out of town. We were able to hold conversations at a decent decibel level without resorting to screaming and after three hours of smoking and talking, we were definitely all hookahed out.
This used to be my SPOT in high school and my teen years. Now not so much, since I've realized you can find hookah bars anywhere you go at night. The owners are super sweet! Stephanie is a doll and she will definitely go out of her way to make sure you're enjoying yourself and the hookah is just the way you like it. Haven't been here in a few years but I still give this place 4 stars for the way I remember it. Love the booths, they're good for groups or date nights, and you'll definitely get a little more privacy. When I used to come it was SWARMING with teens, but they've seemed to have changed their strategy with the fact that they serve alcohol and a 21+ ID is required at the door now, I'm guessing? Hope all is well with these guys and I hope to make it back here soon. Hookah - A+ Service - A+
First time me and my bf came here the owner Stephanie greeted us. She was a Israeli woman who gave us a little background history on Sultana.  It was out first time ever even trying hookah.  She was like the nicest person ever. She told us we could bring our own food and drinks, and suggested we try the moraccan food in the area, and lastly provided us with all natural smoothies to try.   We had went during the day on a Saturday I believe. We were the only ones there, but she made us feel right at home, keeping us entertained for a quite a bit.  The inside is really dark with these black booths that looked like cubicle kind of seating arrangements, and for each booth there's a curtain that you can close.   I can't speak about Sultana from a party/club/lounge atmosphere, but it looks like a great spot with some added music and a crowd.  I believe they don't serve any food so take up the offer to BYOB.  when i came herethey didnt serve alcohol, but i was just made aware that now they do! As far as the hookah it was pretty good. I can't compare it to any other  hookah because I've never had any other!!! That was my first and last time; I puked as soon as I left.  We had rose flavor which I didn't like that much, but the mint one was less harsh and I liked it a lot more.  i might try hookah again, but i wouldnt come back for that solely. i woould come back to see how the night life is!
I like this place.  It is not old school or "traditional" like the Egyptian Coffee Shop next door, but it certainly took me back to my younger days of hanging out on Saturday nights with friends in the middle east.  And that, for me, gave this place an authentic feel. The wait staff was very sweet and attentive and the hookah and tea were delicious.  The music was loud enough to ensure you would not pass out in a hookah inspired haze, but still low enough to hold a decent conversation.    And oddly enough, they had The Gangs of New York on silent repeat playing on the one flat screen tv there, which had the husband totally enthused. I'll be back.
Came with a friend who had been here before.  I was immediately put off by the extremely LOUD techno and flashing lights, but they have a much quieter back patio area, which is where we sat.  We ordered water while we were looking over the menu and they brought us bottled water.  When we said tap water was fine, they claimed they didn't "have" it.  Who doesn't have tap water?!? When we finally decided what hookah to order, my friend was astonished by how much the prices had gone up since his last visit.  It was $25 for the fresh fruit hookah- apparently it used to be $15.  I'm used to Manhattan prices, so $25 seemed OK to me.  It was the first time I'd ever had a fresh fruit hookah and it was great!  Much more flavorful than simply flavored tobacco. Their menu lists several delicious sounding fresh fruit and vegetable juices, but they were out of many things on the menu.  I was finally able to order a fresh mango juice, which was great, but they definitely need to keep their juice bar better stocked.  It wasn't a horrible experience, but I would probably try one of the many other hookah bars in the area before returning here.
I used to come back here waayyy back in the day when they had movies playing during the day and at night.  The owners, Stephanie and her husband (whose name I forgot! Sorry!) and their staff is the epitome of attentive customer service.  They know their stuff about hookahs, and replace and turn your coals at the right time without you having to call anyone over.  They just know. Prices are descent and absolutely no pressure to hurry and smoke your hookah.  Relax and enjoy yourself.
First off I travel from Greenwich, CT just to come here and I consider myself a hookah expert so that being said...... Sultana Cafe is the best place in NYC to smoke hookah. Pros: They are super friendly, I don't go there often maybe 4 times a year and they remember me every single time. Their shisha flavors and blends are amazing and lasting. I don't order from the menu I just asked the guys for their opinions and they create something based on your taste. A little pricey but worth it. You can also bring your own food. Their drinks are good and strong. The music is blasting but in a good way. Its soothing. They always have some type of bootleg movie on that grabs my attention. Cons I'm not a big fan of their night scene because of the loud annoying kids that are there but thats not their fault. Everyone I have brought here absolutely loves it and we all can't wait to go back.
I went here with a group of 6 people on a Sunday night at 11PM. The environment is dim lit but you can still see from 1 end of the room to the other. Small lit candles and dim lamps, with black couches in booths as well as semi-circle arrangements. The female owner was very nice and very attentive. When I entered there was only 1 other group there. But when we left around 12:15AM about 4-5 more groups had entered. The music was a mix of old school hip hop such as Notorious BIG, Tupac, with some recent Lil Wayne and some trance. Very chill relaxing environment. We ordered 3 hookahs and came pretty quick, the coal guy was always attentive. Try the tea, it's pretty good. Only problem is that it was a bit expensive in my opinion.  I'd definetly come back though. Probably won't get that many hookahs. Oh yeah, FINDING PARKING IN THE 2 BLOCK RADIUS AREA SUCKS. Good luck finding parking. Everyone is either double parked, too many drive ways and fire hydrants.
This place sucks big time. Would not recommend it. Went in on a Monday with 2 friends of mine to have coffee and the place was dead, but yet the guy made us leave after ordering our coffee because apparently he wanted to see our I.Ds and my friend didn't have her's. So he pretty much said she had to leave, although we were not having alcohol. Freaking rude and obnoxious. On top of that, they ripped us off by charging 20 bucks for 2 coffee and a bottle of water. He said the extra charges were tax and "service" charge. Bullsh** to that. I will never go there again and don't recommend it.
I honestly don't know how this place is getting such high reviews.  We were ripped off so badly!  I ordered a sandwich and a water and it should have been 12 dollars, but then she added on a 6 dollar service fee??? I had to ask for my water twice because she forgot and the sandwich was not the greatest.  My friends got three hookahs and they ordered a few drinks and they were charged 210 dollars because she added different "service fees" according to how much each of us spent.  Definitely NOT a place I'd recommend or go to ever again.
Last night my boyfriend and I decided on having some drinks anywhere in Astoria. We were looking for a chilled bar but we decided what the heck, let's drink and do hookah.  After coming across Melody Café on Steinway St which appeared to look decent at first but way out of our price range, the friendly bouncer directed us to a bar that he highly recommended at the far end of the block. Upon arrival at Sultana the bouncer, not sure if his name was Troy or Joe, seem friendly enough which led me to believe that this was actually a good choice. After being seated at a comfortable booth, the friendly hostess offered us drink menus. Music was great and the place did seem chilled but if I could rate this place ZERO STARS I would. But, because of the friendly hostess and the fact that I CANT rate it zero stars. I give it ONE star. My Reason?- After just starting to relax with our hookah and getting into our second round of beers, the bouncer pointed at our booth and instructed a staff member to move us out of the booth. Confused, my boyfriend asked why do we need to move, and in response the staff member said, the booth was reserved. Did he really expect for us to believe that it was reserved. If so why wait almost 40 minutes later to tell us that it was reserved. And how do you even move people after they are seated comfortably for that long to seat only 3 people??? Okay I get that we are only two and yes we took up that booth but have you heard of a waitlist? That was very unprofessional (or should I say ghetto) on their part to move people around according to party size. The hostess apologized sincerely and begged us to stay and wait for another booth and even offered to buy us a round of drinks but irritated my boyfriend asked for the check, a check with no prices on it, just a total. How did our check come out to nearly 70 bucks with 4 beers and 1 hookah? What a rip off! Not that we are cheap or anything because no matter where we go, my boyfriend is always willing to spend money. But is that even legal, charging people whatever they feel like charging people.   Now in my younger years, I probably would've raised hell, cursed the bouncer out and refuse to pay for sh*t, but I thought to myself walking out of the café, Im going to yelp this b****! So to all of you who will read this, know that Sultana is a piece of Sh*t café and lost potential customers due to their lack of professionalism.
This place is where I tried Hookah for the first time. Great Experience, and i'm not even a smoker! haha. I choked a couple of times since I'm not used to inhaling Nicotine. Great Staff. Great Pricing. Great Ambiance. The only slight problem I have to address is the location of the place; the area isnt too safe at night, so beware, and the train station is a walk away, also, there's no parking, so you have to search for side streets to find parking. Overall, great place, I recommend =)
I've been to this place a couple of times, I've gotten to know the bouncer, the owner, and 1 of the coal guys personally. Though this place has an amazing DJ, a vibrant crowd, and good hookah with coal that continues to be replaced almost every 5 minutes, do not come here if you want a more mature and diverse crowd, want to drink alcohol (they don't have), and not wanting to talk over the loud music. I've only been here on weekend nights so I don't know how it is otherwise. It's quite a bit of a walk from the train. Though the staff is the friendliest in my experience at Astoria Hookah places.
Awesome spot. The bouncer and the waiters/waitresses are so friendly and thats hard to find now a days. The drinks can be a little stronger but i wont complain because there are plenty other spots with water down liquor. I had the sex on the beach hookah there with long island ice teas and they were yummy! Most of the songs they play are raggaeton and i found that a little odd since none of the workers and even the owner didnt look hispanic. Fantastic place, definitely would go back
Nestled in the heart of Astoria, is a great spot for afternoon fun or crazy nightlife. If you want good hookah, great service, and comfort, you've found your destination. I immediately felt like family, loved everything from the furniture to the music and have made Sultana a part of my daily routine. So if you want an amazing experience, great hookah, and a comfortable, hip atmosphere, there you have it. =)
For $20 you would assume that you would get a nice high end shisha but no you get some crappy non tobacco one. Very pricey for cheap shisha nor is there a big selection of it. Kind of odd that all there shisha is non tobacco but main positive was the seating. Nice comfy booths and letting you bring in your own food is def a plus.
Over priced, but thats not the issue the bouncer with the dreads in a bun is a horrible person hes rude and has no manners. Everytime i come around steinway which isnt often i always see him treating guests as if hes the president of the place, he grabbed my arm once and i said dont touch me and he cursed me out. Hes a regular bouncer at many lounges in the area and last night again, he treated me my boyfriend and friends with no respect and we demanded to speak to the manager and he said hes the manager and to get out because he wont let us in. This affects business so the owners need to check who they hire.
This place is great in the begining, the owner is very friendly and nice, however after a while it all changes.  A party of 3 of us walked in and the owner said we could sit on the couch, a larger party of 6 came in 10 minutes later and we were asked to get up and sit on the chairs.  Also, there food is not good at all, they charge $5 for the cakes and they taste terrible.  The mint tea is also really bad.  Between 3 of us we ordered 1 hookah and after many visits of doing this, the owner was like, 'you have to order more than one and someone has to get a drink/food.'  There is no sign that says a minimum amount must be spent or that a minimum number of hookahs must be ordered.  Also we had been there several times and nothing was said.  So the time we went and didn't order at least 2 hookah's we were charged a 25% fee.  When asked why, we were told, "only for you it's 25%, for others it's more."  This is simply untrue because we had been there several times before and were never charged this fee.  I can completely respect and understand a minimum needs to be spent, however this should be made clear from the beginning, it is unfair to randomly tack on additional charges.  DON'T GO HERE!
its nicer than most of the spots along steinway, funky lights and cool music, reasonably priced...i like the lil booth seatings also...no alcohol served, which is cool...less drama!
