Awesome place to go on a date on a sunny Saturday! My boyfriend and I came here to play mini-golf. It's $5 a person, which is really not bad at all, considering it's in NYC. In addition, the views are amazing as you can see the skyline (including the Freedom Tower) while you're playing. We went on a perfect Saturday (weather was absolutely gorgeous), so there was some traffic while playing as there were many groups of people ahead of us. The course itself is pretty straightforward and doesn't have any fancy windmills like in other courses, but it's still a great place to check out!
Excellent place to relax. 1)  Basically this pier has something for everyone: Mini Golf, Playgrounds, views, etc. 2)  One of the Best views of the Freedom Tower from here. 3)  This place is right on the water on Pier 25 overlooking the Hudson River. 4)  The pier is very clean and relaxing.
I personally, really love Pier 25. It is one of my favorite places on the West Side Highway- especially during warmer weather! You can find these fun outdoorsy activities on the pier: Mini golfing, beach volley ball, skate boarding, dog parks, soccer and free kayaking on the Hudson River- all while having a view of the Freedom Tower and Statue of Liberty! I'm pretty sure that's called living the life. This is a great part of downtown and I'm glad it's here- it lets you escape Manhattan for a while and do something other than drink and party all the time.
Mini golf!!! Spent some time with friend playing mini golf here. It was definitely cute, cheap and fun! However, it was a little crowded. But I didn't mind that at all. They also have volleyball courts I would love to try. Definitely a cute area id like to go back to.
This review is solely about the mini golf. While it's reasonably priced I'd rather pay more for a well maintained course. There were a ton of people which made playing fairly slow. Several holes had parts of the green ripped up or frayed. One hole with a water hazard wasn't working properly which required you to fish your ball out. I still had a good time but it could use some improvement.
Came here with a date and it was a nice place.  To start off the view was great!! You can see Jersey City with the water and at night time its a great sight.  I went to play mini golf and its awesome because its only $5 for the course but you get what you pay for.  The course isn't the most challenging and if you have a slow group in front of you, it will literally slow everyone else behind you down.  We were stuck behind two groups of four but didn't mind hanging out.  For the city, its a pretty good value, especially with the price.
Perfect place for a fun date night. Mini golf costs $5 per adult which is very reasonable for Manhattan. The golf course faces the Hudson river and you get a great view of the Freedom Tower. There are also lots of bars and restaurants within walking distance if you're looking for something to do after mini golf.
Pier 25 is awesome. This is one of the best place to visit in NYC. I came to pier 25 to play mini golf and didnt know that was only 5 dollars for adults, 4 dollars for kids under the age of 14 years old. For those prices and in Manhattan is super cheap. they also have a skate park for people that skateboard, playground for kids to play and enjoy the sun and a beach volleyball court. This is a hot spot for tourist because there so much to do and with a beautiful view across the water. I will definitely come back soon to play mini golf if was fun.
Great view, nice parks and mini golf. Very nice place to take your kids, go jogging or just to sit and relax.
If you like mini golf, you'll enjoy pier 25. You can't beat $5 game for adults in Manhattan. Going on a sunny, Saturday afternoon was surprising as it wasn't crowded. The only bad part was that there was a large group in front of us so that slowed things down going from hole to hole. Some areas were more challenging than others and overall it was a great course. Pretty waterfalls and greenery and also a cool spot to check out the beach volleyball games. Great for both adults and kids!
Just did Hudson park fishing! We caught a bluefish! So fun for kids and adults. Mans the playground here is the best. I definitely recommend bringing your kids here
Best date spot in NYC. Pier 25 is a recently developed pier as part of Hudson River Park. It features a playground, skate park, volleyball (sand) courts, a turf field, lots of benches, and the best feature, a 18 hole mini golf course. There's a great view of the world trade center tower and you can even see the statue of liberty. Mini golf is $5 for adults ($4 for kids). They offer a few snacks (including fresh fruit and water) for affordable prices. It's really surprising how un-new york the prices are. The course is short and not all of the holes are that interesting but there are a couple challenging ones thrown in. It's a well manicured course that even features a stream and water fountain but when I came it was dried up. One hole featured a small strip of green so challenging to get over and if you missed, the stream carried your ball through a log onto the second tier of the hole. I wish all holes were this innovative but none the less it was a great way to spend an evening. On a Tuesday night the course was full but not packed where I had to wait to play. I'm not sure about the off season but during the summer they're open 10am to 10pm 7 days a week. Pier 25 is truly one of NYC's not so hidden gems and I hope it stays around for many years to come. And for the mini golf lovers out there, Pier 25 is one of the few places in NYC you can actually play and certainly the easiest to get to and the cheapest, here are your other options: -Randalls Island Golf Center ($9)-nice but hard to get to (also has driving range/batting cages) -Flushing Meadows ($8)- nice and has beer (also has pitch and putt course) -Greenwich Village Country Club ($10)- indoors as part Bowlmor (has bar and other games) -Staten Island ($6)- also has go-karts and batting cages (need a car to get to) -Brooklyn Golf Center ($8)- also has driving range, very far into Brooklyn
Pier 25 is a great place to take the kids, with mini-golf, playgrounds, snacks, and bathrooms. The area is clean, has nice views and some grass, and isn't too far from the subway either. Mini-golf was only $5 for adults and $4 for kids. It's a small course, so if you're from the Midwest you should adjust your expectations - no towering windmills here. But the course had some reasonably interesting water features and ramps and things. There was a line to get started at the first tee, but making allowance for the fact that this is NYC I wouldn't say it was overcrowded. The staff were very friendly and so were the families and sweethearts on the course.
This place is right on the water on Pier 25 overlooking the Hudson River.  It's very clean and the staff are friendly.  Enjoy!
The streets of New York are consistently overrun by loud, frenzied crowds and impatient taxi drivers. Although this is our trademark, a change of scenery is sometimes the perfect remedy for anyone. The Hudson River Park makes for an instant getaway. Pier 25 has a beautiful view of Jersey City and it offers a plethora of activities; it is the perfect solution for summer afternoons without obligations. The pier offers something for all types of people. It is marked with kids' playgrounds, skate parks, and dog runs. There are also beach volleyball courts on the premises. The main attraction is its mini-golf course with 18 holes. It is incredibly spacious and lasts about one hour with minimal waiting. The golf course featured everything from waterfalls to windmills. The best part about it is that the prices are not hiked up! Your admission to the golf course only costs $5. Did you know? You can Kayak on the Hudson River for free at Pier 40... FREE! Lockers and flotation devices are provided. Just bring your own locks and be ready to sign a waiver. Plus, you can kayak as long as you would like. The Hudson River Park is one part of the city that is almost spotless; a rarity in NYC. There are no piles of garbage or smelly puddles of gasoline rainbows to be found. So slather on sunscreen and prepare to deviate from your original plans because you probably will spend more time than you originally intended to once you arrive.
A very nice spot to play basketball, skate, eat, & play mini golf right by the water with a beautiful beautiful view of the new One World Trade Center building and the ocean! I was amazed at how serene this area was.  It is not too far from Nelson Rockefeller park, which is also a beautiful place to relax and unwind.
Check out the summer events by LOLE. They offer free fitness events Every Tuesday!
$5 mini golf on a quality outdoor course in NYC can't be beat. Great for dates (which you'll see a LOT of if you go on weekdays after 6:00), or just for an outing with friends. It does tend to get pretty crowded in the summer (again, mianly after work hours), but the scenery's so nice that I never seem to care if I'm stuck waiting a few minutes for the people in front of me to be done with the hole and move on to the next. Very friendly staff, which is also a plus.
How have I lived in NYC for over 2yrs and not know about this place!? $5 for a game of mini golf. Cheap and fun! Along with mini golf, there's a large playground for the kids, small soccer pitch and a netted beach volleyball area so it will please people of all ages!
I LOVE Pier 25!! I love any place in New York City with an exquisite view! Its so serene and relaxing. With all of the chaos on the West Side highway as soon as you step onto the Pier that all disappears.  I came here for the Summer Fitness class which occurs every Tuesday night at 6:30pm. It was super fun. We worked out on the field all the way towards the back of the pier. The location is so beautiful it made the workout that much better. The instructor was the founder of 305 fitness. I must say although it was a dance/aerobics class she really worked us out! She was super energized and fun and they had a DJ blasting music to pump us up even more. I would highly recommend coming here during the summer for the different events they host or even for a relaxing walk! Volleyball, Mini Golf, Boating, Park for the kids and the list goes on. I highly recommend stopping by and taking in the beauty  of NYC!
This place rawks! Mini-golf, beach volleyball, playground, snacks, mini-soccer field, board games and chill-out green spaces all in one convenient locale on along the west side highway. As a native Floridian (aka cracker) mini-golf was a way of life growing up, from drunken nights sassing tourists on the Jolly Roger back 9 to challenging my grandpa to a winner take all skins games, it's as normal as getting stuck behind a snowbird in the fast lane going 45mph with the blinker on. Golf: a 5 spot will get you 18 holes of not-too-shabby links (although it tends to get a wee bit crowded so you have to pick your tee times wisely) VB: couple courts for pick up or league play Playground: damn I wish they had places like this when I was a kid! Board games: Connect 4, Monopoly, etc Green space: tons of benches and a mini-soccer field for lounging/picnicing A cheap, great place to spend an active day or night in the city!
MINI GOLF! 18 holes. $5 dollars. Water views. Hole in one. Thanks for giving me a great birthday, Pier 25. *note: the hours listed on the official website are incorrect. they are open weekday mornings now.
So all I have to say is AWESOME MINI GOLF!!! That is my favorite thing about this pier. It is a beautiful 18 hole golf course with incredible views for only $5. However, it does not stop at mini golf, there is also beach volleyball, a mini green space,  and playground for the kids (the swings are quite tempting but fare warning don't do it! when it says for kids only they mean it, almost got a fine for being on the swings). Overall, def worth checking out it, such a gorgeous pier with incredible views and tons of fun!
I love Pier 25!!! -1 star because as many times as I've been here.........I still seem to get lost wondering over to it's location from the subway every single time ! Pier 25 has beautiful sand volleyball courts where you can actually fall into the sand and not get hurt. They also have overhead lights for night games. They have a mini golf course which is really cute and probably a really fun date idea. Overall, i just love coming down here and staring out at the water and the tall buildings while I play sports
Beautiful pier to get away from the crowded city and fun parks to enjoy! The pier has quite a few activities for people looking to partake in such as minigolf, beach volleyball, kids playground, and did I say minigolf? I love minigolf and feel it is a fun activity you can enjoy with anyone, any age. Because I came for that, the remainder of my review focuses on minigolf. I decided to force my girlfriend out of her lazy Sunday to spend a few bucks doing something other than watch Breaking Bad and Suits. We went during a very sunny day to tackle the course. It was only FIVE dollars per person! Much cheaper than going to see a movie for close to $15. Unfortunately, the course is a little boring with simple layouts with only one hole being interesting (the one with a narrow bridge). I thought all minigolf places had a "putt thru a spinning windmill" hole? But other than that, it was fun to do minigolffing and fun to do something different for less than what you would have to pay for snacks at a movie theater. Some other notes:  "Bee" careful if you are allergic, lots of bees when I went! Gets crowded and you may have to wait on groups infront of you.
I like the mini golf and beach volleyball there. Great views, low prices.
$5 (cash only) mini golf course that's right by the water.  Awww. This spot is a great idea, with other sports you can do, but when there's a huge group in front of you, it really makes the time go by super slowly!  Ah, well.
I love coming here, especially because my school is down the street. You can't go wrong with $5 mini golf, and the scenery is beautiful. Not only do you get to mini golf and have a snack, but you can get to walk the Pier after or before you are done and catch the nice breeze or even the sunset depending what time you go. If you're a parent, there is a children's play ground right on the Pier so everyone gets to have their turn of fun! I completely recommend it, & I am happy to have wandered around and find this place.
I LOVE MINI GOLF. That being said, very few things could ruin the experience for me.  I brought a friend here for his birthday on a beautiful summer afternoon.  They've made great use of the pier for a cute mini golf course, which was fun and entertaining, not too easy, but challenging enough for a good competition.  Great price too!  And not too crowded.
Mini golf for only $5 per person for adults ($4 for children).  It is a lot of fun and a great way to spend an hour or two by the river. Small 18-hole course and not very challenging.  If you can, try to go on a weekday.  On weekends, they get really crowded and you have to wait in line for each hole.   Perfect spot for a date, a get together with friends, a fun place with kids, or even a cheap client meeting.
Pier 25 is so awesome. It is so clean. This is a place I can see myself coming for years to come. It is so beautiful over here and the cost of the putt-putt is so cheap. It's only $5 for adults and $4 for kids. I went on a wonderful Saturday afternoon and it wasn't overly crowded. This is a great place to go on a date or a family afternoon. There is also the skate park and the beach volleyball court. The kiddy park rocks as well. This is like Pier 1 in Brooklyn one of the new awesome parks for kids. My only problem is that they don't have any real bathrooms right now they only have porta-pottys so that quite literally stinks. Other than that I can't wait to come back here again and again.
Visited on a hot Saturday afternoon in July. Had a great time at mini-golf, $5 for adults. Lots of people there, but not too long a wait at each hole (18 altogether). There's also a beach volleyball area with lounge chairs, playground, skate park, ice cream, and a great view.
so fun!!!! it's cheap-5 a person. they have snacks, and in front of the mini golf entrance there is a little spot with chicken sandwhiches, veggie burgers, etc. the golf course is fun , and the view is great. it's such a cute idea for a date. my boyfriend and I have been twice and have had a great time! sometimes there are kids running around, but you can't complain as it is mini golf.....and sometimes there is a wait between holes, but you can people watch and the view all around is so pretty so it's no big deal to wait. i recommend coming here, its fun for anybody! when your done you can walk out on the pier, and there are plenty of restaurants around so you can have dinner and grab a drink , what a perfect way to spend an afternoon:)
Its pretty.. Playground looks like a pretty children's death trap. They have lets see a web of ropes held together by metal bars, i see nothing dangerous there. "rock climbing wall" where the grips didn't match up and all the children were jumping off the top, no nothing dangerous there either, O! and this circle thing with large ball barrings so you can run in place and spin it as other little morons try to ride on it and go flying off, no nothing dangerous about that either.... I'm not saying this because I'm a over baring father I'm saying it because I think its funny to see children act like morons and hurt themselves, just trying to paint a picture for ya people that's all. How else did we learn as children? By hurting ourselves, exactly.... I encourage my son to do dumb shit, in fact I say please do that but you know the deal, when you hurt yourself daddy gets to laugh at you.. So after that Me, the boy, Alma, boy 2 and Robin played a round of mini golf. WHY THE F*cK I thought that was going to be a good idea was beyond me, but we made it thru and no one cried. +1, well except for me but that was my soul on the inside. My son is a cheater by the way. Then we walked, more play grounds, some ducks, and alot of children, O the children, there was like a million of them. I still feel dirty.
I joined a mini-golf league last summer, and even after playing this course upwards of 5 times, I am still a huge fan. It's only $5 for an evening of entertainment. Putt to your heart's content while watching beach volleyballers getting sweaty and sandy. It's very kid-friendly, but fun for 20-somethings as well. Plus, the sunset is spectacular (when it's not throwing off your game).
My friends and I came out on a Friday night for $5 (CASH ONLY) mini golf (18 holes - not overly complicated but they get the job done). It's a really peaceful, clean, and nice area! There was no wait and the place closed at 10pm. We played for ice cream at the snack bar afterwards. Fun times - a hidden gem of a place.
Had a fantastic time here. Came with the family for my little bro's bday and everyone enjoyed themselves. Best part was the $5 per person and the amazing views. Also getting 3 holes in 1 wasn't too shabby but I still managed to come in 3rd place :( Would definitely return for a 2nd match.
Great place for a date, be it the 2nd or 3rd date, or a night out for a couple married for 25 years. It's open til 10pm so it's probably best to go later in the day if you want to avoid kids. It's only $5 per player, which is refreshing in NYC, since it is the capital of over-charging for the most basic of activities. Only negative would be how the holes get backed up towards the end, but it really just allows you to meet some of the other mini-golfers and gives you more time to spend with your significant other/friends/date.
Great date night spot for a fun game of 18 holes of mini golf.  It's $5 per person, the games go quick.  Came on a weeknight, and it was pretty crowded, can't imagine it on weekends.
So glad I discovered this place on, where else, Yelp!  Since NYC is not known to have too much mini-golf as it is and certainly not CHEAP mini-golf, this place is a great spot for a little frivolous activity time.  It's only $5 to play 18 holes which is a bargain basement price here.  The holes aren't necessarily overly imaginative because space is a premium, but still, I've always found putting to be the great challenge of golf any way.  Remember, you drive for show but putt for dough, so enjoy practicing your touch on the greens here (for those of you who are like me and have a hard time not being competitive in tiddly winks, jacks, or anything, really), or just whack away and see what happens.  Either way, it'll be fun.  If you go at night, you can sit by the water afterward and enjoy a nice, serene atmosphere to wind down.  The only downside is that it's not terribly close to the subway, but the walk over can be interesting if you come up the cool path alongside the West Side Highway.  I personally enjoyed that part because I could see this part of the city and explore a bit.  We were even entertained by two fisherman: one caught an eel and the other caught something that looked like a tiny shark....  WTF?  Neat-o!  Still, I'm not sure I'd want to eat anything caught out of there nor would I be too certain marine life is all I'm gonna dredge up there.  Also, there are two telescopes you can use for free so I enjoyed the nighttime view of the Statue of Liberty before departing the area.  You might even get rocked out by a couple of party boats going by, so you just never know. If you need something a little different for a date night or a small group activity, this could be a great way to kill a little time.  They also have some nice sand volleyball courts and a little play field that must close by a certain time because it was not lit at 10:00 PM and beyond.  The Sweet Love Snack Bar can also keep you noshin' should you need to refill the tanks.  It's worth the walk from any nearest subway because that can be part of the adventure!  So glad I know about this place now! p.s.  For families bringing kids, it's definitely fun but depending on when you go, there could be any assortment of adults who represent the full gamut of alcoholic beverage consumption levels, so just keep that in mind.  We went on a Friday night around 10 PM, so it was probably not the most family friendly time, but kids would certainly enjoy the place.  There's a rockin' playground nearby as well that probably closes at dark but needs to have an adult play time because it's so cool.
nothing better than 18 holes of good, wholesome minigolf.  right on the water and under the sun.  great way to kill some time or to escape from your bosses at work for some relaxation. please note that minigolf in real life is very different than the minigolf on yahoo! games. the minute i hit the links, i pulled out my protractor and ruler, but sadly these items did not improve my game but instead made me look like a terrible prop comedian who got lost on his way to the speed dating for geometry enthusiasts event.
Let's see... no traffic, right by the water, real sand volley ball courts with spectator seats, mini golf course, and completely accessible, oh and right in NYC.  I mean, there's nothing that can bring this place down!
Its a quiet and calm pier to wait for a boat. Love the location of it.
I love this playground with the mini golf on the back. Very kid friendly esp with the unique setting that they made for the kids to play with. I think I would enjoy it if I could just climb my way through the giant rope ball and the other cool play areas they've got that I haven't seen anywhere but here. Not to mention the wall climbing rock wherein kids can go all the way to the top and fall down on the other side. hilarious. The other side is for wet play wherein they have water squirts and sand, very cool for the summer if your kids are on their wetsuits and all. The mini golf was just right for the price $5 for each adult and $4 for kids. They have about 12 holes i think that you have to finish to the end. Although the timing wasnt quite perfect for us to be there, because it was crowded by all these families trying to enjoy the last days of summer, I'd say it still beats the odds on giving the children something to do besides talking and ignoring the grown ups. We diddnt really reach the park that was all the way on the very far end, but a glimpse on the beach volleyball field was cool while we walked around the area. Definitely a place to recommend to everyone.
18 holes of mini golf on the Hudson River for $5.00.  It almost seemed too good to be true until I actually tried it myself.  Great little spot that's short on tourists, long on fun.  Lots of cool stuff to do here--golf, beach volleyball, skating, Connect Four (!), and a kids' playground.  And, like the rest of Hudson River Park, it's super-clean, super-relaxing, a great place to just hang out in the City and not feel like you're in the City.
Decent place to wander on one's lunch hour; to get away from New Yorkers. Hardly anyone ever strolls all the way to the end to watch the boats and ships and the coast of Jersey.
I just started playing volleyball here. It's great! They have sand courses so at close to beach volleyball as you're going to get. Nice place to do some swinging on the swing set, mini golf, and a place to do a little picnic. Such a wonderful little find!
Quite Possibly the Best cheapest date in the city. I went here on a double date and it was really fun. Not 9 holes but 18 holes for 5 dollars. Sure you are probably thinking the course must be old and cheap and can't possibly be fun but you will be wrong!! The course is in great condition some great holes including one where you have to hit it over a bridge and over water. Very difficult to do for everyone so expect a log jam at that hole. Other than that 5 dollars per person is unbeatable and you will be in a nice area nice scenery and usually nice people. You can't go wrong.
Besides the minigolf and beach volleyball and views, the pier has quite unique historic vessels . . . ships.  Sometimes they are open and you can tour.  Knowledgeable people talk about them and their purposes.  Interesting art is sold there.  Sometimes boat rides can be had.  Pier 25 is called--among other names--the youth pier:  the old ships intrigue youths of all ages!
a little oasis in the concrete jungle! this place is great for some cheap/free recreational activities. $5 dollars for mini golf and free beach volleyball! what more can you want from recreational activities in nyc? the mini golf course may not be up to Augusta quality, but its 5 dollars! The beach volleyball is umm, amazing! Everyone is uber friendly, and there are no syringes or crack pipes in the sand. job well done NYC parks department!
My kids had a blast.  Really nice mini golf course, especially for the city and for the price.  We made a whole day out of it.  After mini golf, had lunch right after.  There are tables along the pier close by the snack bar.  Nice a relaxing to sit by the water.  After we headed over to the great playground.  A little far for us, we live on the east side, but worth the trip.
