Aire Ancient Baths is a sexy, relaxing oasis in the Great Jones style of NYC spas (but nicer). Aire's reservation policy keeps the place from being overcrowded and, while pricey, it's worth it. This is the high end alternative to the Russian baths. We particularly enjoyed the tepidarium and the salt pool--just be careful not to get the salt water in your eyes. I'll come back.
Wow. Aire Ancient Baths is a little haven of zen and serenity tucked away in busy downtown Manhattan. I went here for the first time and will definitely be returning. Aire offers a variety of different thermal baths that are soothing and calming. I spent an hour in the thermal baths and then got a 60 minute massage. The massausse was excellent and very professional. Prices were very reasonable, especially by NYC standards. This is a great spot to go to enjoy some quiet relaxation time and recharge. I highly reccomend.
I had a good time here. As many have mentioned the salt water floatarium I think was my favorite. The space is really nice and the pools are well laid out. The hottest pool was really not that hot compared to other saunas I've been to but it was nice switching between the ice pools and the hot water pool. The space does make you feel like you entered another time and was very relaxing. The massage was also very good and the masseuse applied the right amount of pressure. The next time I go, I think I'll get the 60 minute massage. I really liked sitting in all the baths but over an hour of transitioning between baths was a little much for me. The reason I gave this place 3 instead of more stars was the service really wasnt that great. It took them a while to get everything ready, I waited for a while for a towel despite asking a few times and they seemed understaffed. The host was also very direct in her approach, weird for a relaxing space. All in all a good experience, they just need to staff up a bit and be a little more attentive to their customers since this place isn't cheap but overall good.
Aire was a great night out. A great present given to me by my girl..and will definitely will be returning and suggesting this spa to all. A+++
After reading about this place in the Best of New York issue of New York magazine, my husband and I spent a fabulous two hours in this enchanting Tribeca getaway. The candlelit area where the pools are housed was just delightful -- relaxing, spacious and lots of fun. To echo most other reviews, the Flotarium (the salt water bath that allows you to float) was our favorite. We sampled all the other pools, as well as the aromatherapy steam room -- although just dunking our feet in the cold plunges did the trick of regulating our body temperature after sitting in the hot pool. No need to do a full immersion! (I'd like to meet the people who can withstand that low temperature, though!) The warm-water bath, called the Tepidarium, has lots of darkened nooks and crannies allowing for couples to have a bit of privacy, which is a nice romantic touch. We also partook in a couples massage, and I highly recommend getting a 60-minute massage tacked on to your thermal baths experience. True, $75 per person just to use the baths IS expensive, but considering the massage is only $100 more -- and your average 60-minute rubdown at a New York spa starts at $150 -- it really is a bargain. Plus, I had one of the best massages in recent memory, so if you go, be sure to ask for Dawn! I definitely will when I return... The clientele appeared to be primarily couples and groups of women (for bridal showers/bachelorette parties), but everyone seemed to be in the relaxation mindset, so even if you're there solo, it will be a peaceful experience. Just avoid the $15 fruit drinks available -- way too expensive for any beverage that don't include any alcohol (not that they should, in a thermal bath and steam room environment). I found the free peach tea and ice water to be more than sufficient.
I have been here twice and I would definitely suggest going as early as possible if you do not like crowds or couples doing disturbing things to each other. The morning crowd are either friends on individuals who just want to relax. When me and my friend left, a huge crowd came in and it made me glad I came early to enjoy the peace and quite to relax. I will come back every few months for an escape from the city.
Skip. Spend your money elsewhere - anywhere else. While the location is beautiful and the therapists/masseuses actually do a good job, here's all the areas that need massive improvement: 1. there's far too many people in the space - it feels like a factory 2. customer service is non-existent for $400 for 2 hours for 2 ppl. most of the attendants act like they're doing you a favor (the locker room attendants and the therapists are the exception to this) 3. massively disorganized. at least 4 ppl ask you what you are there for and are confused about if you get your massage before or after your bath 4. there's no guidance about how to use the baths, if it's your first time 5. it's too loud and noisy in the treatment rooms which are adjacent to/right in the middle of the baths 6. the music played during the massages is way too loud and not relaxing 7. the experience feels rushed and not relaxing overall it's a pity this spot hasn't upgraded its customer service b/c it would be an amazing experience if it did. They are completely disorganized. Perhaps if they were just baths and not offering massages, it would be different story, but if you're looking for a spa and to emerge relaxed and zen, this is not your spot.
Aire is a very relaxing experience.  Tranquil, luxurious and clean.
Went to Aire Ancient bathe & spa the other day with my girlfriend a girl with big blonde hair Brianna she gave us a tour and ended up being our massage therapist. She was amazing the ambiance inside is amazing the atmosphere really makes you forget your in nyc. It feels almost like a far east location. The massage was amazing. The pressure was perfect and my muscles felt so relaxed afterwards. Im coming back to have Brianna massage me and my girlfriend again.
I LOVED this place. It was so relaxing and luxurious. They only let a limited number of people into the baths at a time, so it's never overcrowded. It's a good place to chat quietly with friends, as you move throughout the candle-lit, cavern-like space from pool to pool. My favorite was probably the salt water pool, because it's so buoyant you can just lay on the surface of the water.
4.5/5 stars Absolutely incredible. I came here with one of my friends and it was one of the most relaxing experiences of my life.  Aire Ancient Baths has various pools that one can use with different temperatures, one with salt, and a jet pool.  In addition, there is a steam room with eucalyptus. If you want to take a break from the baths, there is a hot slab where you can lay down and have some water or tea. My only qualm, and this is minor, was that there were many instances where couples were full on making out/maybe even having sex in pools.  Now, I'm not one that's shy about that sort of thing... but if I am in a place where I want to relax, I don't even want to be even remotely hesitant about entering a bath because of a couple getting their freak on. Other than that, I thought that it was sensational and I would highly recommend it.  I did not get a massage this time around, but I fully intend on doing so next time!
I normally write my reviews in the order of my check-ins, but I had to break my policy to gush about this place. The facility looks straight out of the mind of an Anne Rice novel, right down to the sparse lighting that comes mostly from candles.  It's not creepy, but actually kind of romantic, thus a perfect spot for couples.  The locker room looked well maintained and an attendant is always there to help out. There are about 6 pools downstairs along with a steam room set in the middle.  There are two massage areas that I didn't partake the day I visited.  My two favorite pools were the Trepidarium and the Floatarium.  The Trepidarium is a pool in the back that has all these nooks and crannies for individuals and couples to sink into and relax.  Since my session started at 3 PM, there was very few people there and almost seemed like I had the place to myself. The Floatarium (my fave) is a salt water pool where you can get the Dead Sea-like experience of floating straight on your back while staring up at the beams or closing your eyes and letting your imagination take you wherever you want to go.  Being able to float on your back, indoors is as relaxing an experience as you can get.  It's quiet, there are no noisy kids splashing around you, and there is no sun burning into your face, or waves crashing water into your mouth.  I was amazed that even with the buoyant properties of vinegar, they somehow kept the salt smell to a minimum.  I will warn you that if you have any scrapes or cuts, they are going to BURN.  Definitely not the thing to do if you just got waxed.  I had a small scrape on my arm from earlier in the day and the stinging spoiled the experience. There is the chance to do the hot/cold plunge with a 102 degree bath and a 50 degree bath set right next to each other to close your pores.  It was a kick jumping into the ice pool with a huge block of ice floating on top of it. All in all, my new favorite place to relax.
Top of the line, super lovely spa. Clean, beautiful and an overall pleasant experience. If you need to relax and escape to a place that will transport you, this is it. Highly recommended. I will be back!
Loved loved loved this place !! The salt water floatarium was amazing !! We had a spa package with massage and tub That was nice - but the tub part wasn't that great. We will go back for the pools and massages though- every NYC trip. I could've floated forever.  Very relaxing and romantic too. Great couples day.
Hmmm. I was given a lovely gift certificate from my husband for an "olive oil ritual," a service that costs over $500 for a soaking bath, a 90 minute four-handed massage and access to Aire's incredible baths. I like myself a fancy spa service and have had them at some of the swankiest spas in the world including the Mandarin in New York and  Shangri-Las and other luxury spas in the Middle East where they don't mess around.  Hands down, the best part of Aire are the baths.  The space with them is stunningly beautiful, relaxing.  The salt water floatarium is magical.  But the service is completely discombobulated  (ie not good, disorganized, unprofessional)!  Maybe I got the B team, it was Memorial Day.  It started at the front desk.  There was a unfriendly looking man who was maybe training the new female receptionist who didn't know the ropes and was not a soothing presence.  In a weird way, these personalities and their vibe reminded me of the chaos and abruptness of the ASPCA in midtown. Not good. I was given rubber bracelets and pointed in the direction of the women's room. I was confused because I hadn't been before and most spas give you a tour. Not here. They told me I'd be guided as I went.  Not true. There was a friendly if brash locker room attendant who speaks at top volume.  Not mellow. Not relaxing. I was told to put my bathing suit on. OK. I was walked through the locker room and then handed off to another un-spa-like person who showed me the baths, the showers ("you won't need these showers, your room will have a shower") and then brought to my room. My room was for two; I was one. I was supposed to soak in some kind of olive oil bath. The water was already drawn and it was menstrual red which seemed macabre and weird. The service door was also open so I could see a dingy back-of-house with grainger-style shelves; after a little fuss the woman closed the door but the mirage was broken. I was shown some water and a small bottle of "champagne".  I said yes to the champagne, picked up the bottle and it was warm. I commented on it to the woman and she said "no problem, I'll bring you some ice". Hmm, ice for my champagne, but okay. So I got into the weird red bath and soaked for maybe 10 minutes. Nobody reappeared for my champagne until then, a different woman came and first she said sympathetically "oh you're by yourself" (I should say this place appears to be a popular date spot, lots of couples making out in the pools, ick. Great spot for date, bad spot for PDA.  I'm into solo experiences so thought it odd that she seemed sympathetic except that I was misplaced in a couples tub) and then said she was there to open my wine. She poured me a glass and it was red wine?!! Huh? Ugh. Not what I want on an 86 degree day when I am supposed to be having an olive oil ritual. I asked her, is this the olive oil ritual??  She said yes. I asked her what was in my bath.  She said maybe red wine. Huh? (Later when I checked out I looked at the spa menu, there is a red wine ritual which they clearly mistook mine for - though there should have been no mistake, my gift card and package was all "olive oil" and we talked about it at the front desk). She also showed me that the tub had bubbles and commented "oh nobody showed you". Yeah, nobody did show me as I sat in that lukewarm pool of red water for 10 minutes. I asked if she could add some hot water, she turned it on but the faucet could only dribble. The four-handed massage was okay, not as epic as you'd expect. Also administered in a couples suite. When you have a fancy service, these details matter.  At the end of the massage, I noted that I should use the shower in my room before I went to the bath hall, oddly the masseuse told me I could use the shower in the bath hall.  Mismatched information again.  The bath hall was the best part (minus the blatant gross PDA mentioned above). When I was done, I showered and changed and re-encountered the loud locker room woman and the lost receptionist. I mentioned the blood-colored bath while checking out, but she was ill equipped to really address which added to my sense of massive disorganization. While she was processing my payment, another spa guest wandered up bewildered, he and his girlfriend were scheduled for a 2pm massage but they couldn't find any masseuses and it was already 2:10. Case and point.  They have the right space for a truly memorable spa experience, but it is a rocky experience overall.  Bummer.
Location and space is beautiful. The initial greeting was warm and kind however, other staff seemed cold and seemed like they  could care less to be there. This is your job. Pretend to be happy otherwise get another job.
I'm the kind of person that likes to drastically altar my state of being- without the aid of drugs or alcohol of any kind- and that is the primary draw of going to a bath house in New York City for me. I am feeling one way, perhaps not so great, and have the overwhelming desire to feel differently- so I head to a good bath house. This usually does the trick, at least in the case of my experiences with both the Russian & Turkish Bath in the East Village and Wall Street Bath and Spa in the Financial District. Aire Ancient Baths is aesthetically incredible and extremely clean. They even require that everyone wear these little aqua socks so you don't have to see any gnarly toes floating around everywhere. I personally am in the school of thought where toes should be covered everywhere except the beach. The music is beautiful and the millions of candles everywhere makes you feel like you are literally anywhere else in the world besides TriBeCa. HOWEVER, the steam room wasn't that hot- tepid in fact- and neither was the hottest hot tub. When I went tonight everything was incredibly mild which became boring very quickly. I found myself floating in that salt bath for about twenty minutes, which was pretty sweet I guess, but not for $100. I had a 15 min massage which was great, but again didn't make up for the fact that everything else was so lackluster. Basically when I go to a spa/bath situation I want to come out feeling like I have taken a fist full of valium- like straight up high as a kite- I want to feel like I am on a lot of drugs-but natural, you dig? This experience was more like waiting around for a show thats never going to start but in a wet bathing suit. If you want a real bath experience at a significantly lower price, go to the Wall Street Bath and Spa instead. It's more legit anyway.
Beautiful, striking space that feels grand, cavernous and industrial-meets-rustic. There are 5-6 different pools, my favorites being the saltwater and high temperature ones. The music choice is soothing, but could be a bit lower. Welcoming and polite staff. Also, well-kept women's locker room with simple amenities (razors, hair ties, hairbrushes, etc.). Two things-- I didn't like that the staff couldn't tell me how long the wait for my massage was, so throughout my time in the pools, I kept wondering how much time I had left before my massage. Also, I think there was something off with the steam room. The condensation from the ceiling turned into fat, scalding drops that dripped constantly, causing several people (myself included) to leave the room.
I've now been twice to this enchanting Tribeca getaway. The candlelit area where the pools are housed was just delightful -- relaxing, spacious and lots of fun. The Flotarium (the salt water bath that allows you to float) was our favorite and felt very interesting. Your worries literally float away!  We enjoyed all the other pools, as well as the aromatherapy steam room. We also has wonderful massages, and I highly recommend it. What an amazing day.
OMG! Super amazing in all aspects! I was employed here and my time there was wonderful! I met a lot of great people from all over the world! As an employee there on occasion we were allowed to use the baths and sometimes even get massages! I would totally recommend this place to anyone coming to NYC who wants to have a unique experience! The Staff, Management, and everyone else behinds scene truly care about the clients!
This place is great and worth the money for a quiet, relaxing, and romantic ambiance. My boyfriend and I wanted to go to a spa, but it seemed like most of the options we found that included an unlimited time-slot weren't co-ed. When you arrive, the lobby is pretty much just as ambient and relaxing as the actual bath house. The locker rooms are separated, obviously, but the staff are incredibly friendly and attentive. Once inside, there are 6 pools and a steam room. You can move about the pools any way you want or you can go by the recommendation of the attendants. There's a set-up with a hot pool at 115 degrees next to two "frigidariums" at 57 degrees and 50 degress. Relaxing in the hot tub then submerging fully in one of the frigidariums is such an amazing, refreshing feeling. There's also a salt water bath that you can float around in that is incredibly relaxing. I recommend drinking plenty of water while in there. I made the mistake of not taking hydration seriously and left with a little bit of a headache, but otherwise, my skin felt great, I was relaxed, and I slept like a baby.
Great, clean facilities. Massage just OK. Pros: - super clean. In fact, maybe the cleanest ever. Special slipper socks even protect your feet. - convenient if you live in Manhattan (you'd expect to travel to find baths this large and diverse) - service is friendly, attentive. No waiting around. - quiet, if you like that. Bigmouths are told to keep it down. Cons - massage pretty weak, not special at all. - not super authentic (too "Tribeca"?) or intense. Steam room not super hot, for example. - you must book in advance. Spontaneous visits unlikely to work.
My friend and I dig Spa Castle, but we're not fans of the crowds, the screaming kids, and the overall theme park atmosphere--so I was intrigued when I heard about Aire from a friend and knew we should try it out. We booked on Sunday from 5-7, and didn't do a massage ... I thought they were pricey, and 15 minutes seemed like a tease, and I was worried that any longer would end up minimizing our time to soak. I think this was a mistake--two hours spread among eight pools is a long time! I also think a Sunday afternoon in summer may have not been the ideal mental space ... it may have been better after work on a cold Monday in January. As it was, it was cool--everyone who talks up the atmosphere was right. The atmosphere is low-lit, candles everywhere, dark ... it felt like it could be the scene of some weird, dreamscape film or an Eyes Wide Shut style sex party. It's NOT conducive to convo, and even though everyone seemed to be with at least one other person, I wonder what it'd be like to be there completely solo. The baths are fun. The employee dumping ice in the ice bath took away, a bit, from its' mystique. The floating pool lives up to the hype, except the salt does sting (another detraction from going in the summer--I had tons of mosquito bites on my ankle that hurt like hell when I got in), there is a whirpool warm bath that's fun ... and the others are chill. Like I said--not Disney World. They have complimentary water and tea, and they have juices for sale--for $15! I would like if the juice price was lowered and also if they had snacks in the locker room--Bliss-spa style. Not, like, a buffet but a few cucumber slices and grapes would make me feel like I was getting more bang for my buck. Also, I felt there could be more amenities in the changing rooms ... the ones they had were fine, but nothing luxe. Overall, I'll come back another time for sure.
Amazing experience. Booked a 45 minute massage and afterwards I felt like a new person. Great way to leave the awful nyc winter behind. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed. They even dried my bathing suit at the end! Staff was extremely accommodating and definitely went above and beyond to ensure we were taken care of.
AMAZING!!!! I am a repeat customer and this place is hands down my favorite place to lounge/spa.  I especially love the salt pool, followed up by the hamam, my skin feels so silky smooth, & I'm left feeling refreshed and revived to go back out into NYC.  Love you Aire!
Bought gift cards from them a day in advance, I paid for the messenger service to deliver the cards next morning, Christine assured I would get it int he morning. Here i am sitting at 4.30pm on Friday - the gift cards still haven't arrived, when I call to talk to someone they keep on forwarding me to different people. Terrible service and I will make sure our company never uses this vendor for gifts.
Great experience and will definitely be back.  The baths were a lot of fun and the staff was really nice and helpful.  the massage was also good.  I did the 9pm session, which is a bit late, so next time I will schedule in advance and do an earlier session. Mostly couples there, which was a bit strange.
Better than a spa. It's a bathhouse! I'm a big fan of the Kabuki baths in San Francisco so when I walked past this place, I knew I had to swing in. It's nothing like Spa Castle, and in fact, quite the opposite. It's like an exotic retreat where the rule is silence, soft whispers, and the slow smoke from perfumed incense. I went with the bf and it was his first time in a bathhouse like this. We only did the baths and enjoyed every minute. There's a certain protocol to the baths, so it goes warm-hot-cold-warm. We tried almost every combination of this in the warm and hot baths, jet pool, eucalyptus steam room, and salt water pool. Like some of other reviews up here, I have to agree--I felt like we had checked out of NYC. Amazing atmosphere that the Aire folks have created. The baths did not smell overly chlorinated. There was a jug of ice water and a pot of hot tea. The tea was insanely beautiful, being a floral-sweet variety. Candles. Everywhere. My favorite was the salt-water pool, aka The Floatarium. It gave you this sense of being completely weightless. Just be sure not to get the salt water in your eyes because it does sting. There were only a few funny things happening. There were 12 guests when we went and for some odd reason, the staff put us all bunched up in the massive locker room, so when we went back to change, we were on top of each other. I think a wonderful last touch would be if they provided exfoliating salts for the shower. That would be awesome!!
I feel very conflicted about my visit to Aire Ancient Baths.  I've traveled to spa baths & mineral springs around the world and know what to expect when it comes to top-notch service.  Living in the neighborhood, I was considering the benefits of becoming a member, yet Aire Ancient Baths fell short on a few points.   The female reservationist at the front desk was the highlight of the customer service during our visit.  She was patient, helpful, and accommodating.  The other staff was generally OK, but lacked the distinct poise & polish of the reservationist. The dressing area was nice, though I noticed that there were people checking out with lockers two doors from mine upon check in - there was a whole room full of lockers many of which looked to be available.  It makes for close proximity when it's really unnecessary, though on my check out the guest's lockers were on the other side of the locker room providing more space.  The dressing area lacked a few  essentials that I've found to be useful in other spas such as mouthwash, feminine products, a simple facial moisturizer with sunscreen, apples, and water or tea (these are in the spa area & lobby, but might be nice to access in the locker area as well). The baths are enjoyable, though they are relatively modest in temperature with the exception of the one hot pool & the cold plunge tubs.  The tubs are, also, fairly modest in size with the exception of the longer pool in the back.  Other bath houses we have been to give you an idea of how to use the tubs & steam room to maximize the health benefits for your body - I wish they had provided the same care in making suggestions or having suggestions handy in the locker area.  Also, I noticed a light fixture that was not properly fastened in the salt water pool.  Everything is beautiful as long as you don't look up to the floorboards & old pipes above you. What made our experience truly uncomfortable is that there was a couple talking very loudly.  No staff came to ask them to keep it at a whisper level as we had been instructed upon entry.  The woman was in a string bikini with her butt literally hanging out - this might not have been such a big problem.  However, while changing from pool to pool, when they finally quit talking so loudly, we noticed the woman had her legs spread with her male companion's hand in between fondling her - totally inappropriate & DISGUSTING!  (Don't get me wrong, I understand a couple visiting might want to kiss or hold one another, but this was FAR beyond that.) When we found a staff member to alert them to behavior SO inappropriate - he said, "What do you want me to do, stop them?"  I simply told him that we had paid for spa services and we would like to feel comfortable to use the pools, which they were lingering in doing God knows what for quite a length of time.  Shortly after, the staff made themselves more present & interactive in the space, which alleviated the problem - thankfully! Upon departure, we were asked how everything was and we informed the male manager that we enjoyed ourselves, but had to mention the discomfort in watching the guy with his hands in his female guest's crotch.  The manager laughed and wondered away!  What kind of response is that?  The reservationist apologized for our experience, which we felt was a much more appropriate way to handle honest feedback.  I'm not sure we will be racing back here.  It makes one wonder what kind of place this really is and how sanitary the waters are.  Too bad - we had hope that it would be as amazing & cleanly as other bath houses we've visited.
I came here one time and wanted to drown in the pool because it was so happy hehehwhehhehehehehehehehhehehhe
Wow. This place is so close to perfection. Stunning interior, immaculate facilities, fun concept, attentive personnel, never overly crowded due to their reservation ceiling. My personal favorite was the sea salt bath since you could float, with the hot water bath as a close second. Steam room was great, as was the heated stone area to sit or lay down on while drinking water and tea. It is also a seamless transition to the spa/massage services, even at the last minute since there are usually extra employees on hand. We added a quick massage at the end of our trip and it was great. Not overly private though if that's a concern at all. A few very minor suggestions for improvement that would bump this up to an easy five stars: -Offer hair bands/bobby pins in the bathrooms! I asked for one and there was a bit of a scramble to find one... the woman who gave me one said it was their last. -Improve upon the toiletries offered... what they had seemed like a bit of a drugstore grab bag of random stuff... not that it really matters but having a set of say, Kiehl's bath products would be a fantastic final touch. -I found the wristbands for the lockers to be extremely annoying... mine kept coming off... would have preferred the standard stretchy wristbands that most places use instead of these hard plastic snap-on ones. -Something appeared to be dripping from one of the elevated massage areas down into the room temperature bath in the very back. We couldn't figure out what it was. -I had one of their smoothies with coconut water and strawberries, but it tasted a bit watered down from all the ice that was used. Honestly I would have just preferred a plain bottle of coconut water to that. Overall, great way to impress someone though. I imagine it would be borderline impossible to get a reservation around popular dates like Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, etc. Definitely book in advance if you have a particular date/time in mind.
My cousin and I planned a special day for my aunt's 60th bday which included a stop at Aire.  Her travel plans were interrupted and Jorge and Noharys were so understanding and accommodating.  It really meant a lot to us!
I loved my experience at Aire!   I took my manfriend for his birthday for some bathing and massages, but I honestly didn't know what to expect.  As it turned out it was amazing.  The facility was very clean and the ambiance was very relaxing.   As some have mentioned it is a little pricier, but there are a small number of people using the baths at one time.  At the most there was one other person in the same bath, if that.   Hopefully I will make it back soon!
My initial reaction to walking into Aire the first time I went was - "woah."  I didn't know a place could exist like this NYC! It is like a best kept secret. The thermal bathes are incredible. I went here with a group of my Mom's friends who are 55+ to celebrate her 60th birthday.  I have to admit that my they can be rowdy at times.  We got some dirty looks when were laughing too much and talking too loud... especially when one of them dared the other to dunk in the 20 degree ice pool.  I can understand, as this is a place to relax. It isn't a martini bar.  But the point is, we had a lot of fun going for a "girls day" out.  I have to agree that this place is very romantic and attracts lots of couples. There were quite a few of them snuggling under hot tub bubbles while we were there.   If you think you'll feel odd going solo- I'd recommend bringing a group of friends. I also gave them 4 stars because my massage was just O.K and a bit rushed. I won't spend the extra money on it next time. However, it could have been because it was a crowded and busy Saturday. I've heard that it is better to visit on weekdays and prices are lower weekdays as well.
If i could give zero stars here I would!  I loved this place the first time I went last spring.  However I bought a voucher to go on a Tuesday night recently.  I wasn't told Tuesday was live music night but apparently that means all couples - couples on top of each other the entire time and making out.  I went solo as a spa experience and never thought it would be uncomfortable.  I left an hour early and just explained I didn't realize it was so romantic, or I would have done it differently, booked a different time.  I was told by someone working there even they felt awkward interrupting couples.  I had my massage then left the baths an hour early (out of 90 minutes I paid for).  I sent an email to follow up on this and no one even bothered to respond.
I was lucky enough to find an Urban Daddy deal for a two-person 4 hand massage and bath house experience. The staff was welcoming attentive (no pressure for tips or anything) and the experience was amazing. My skin feels great after and the massage was extremely relaxing. If I have the budget, or another deal, I would go back again.
Cool place. Awful customer service. Staff were super unorganized and unpolished for what I assumed to be classy place. We arrived and were led into the locker room. With no one there to walk us thru the process, we eventually stumbled out into the bathing area where we were met with a guy with a clipboard- super tacky given the fact that we had already been checked in at the front desk. After spelling our names for him we were then met at the bottom of the stairs by another staff with a clipboard asking for our names AGAIN. She was helpful though and showed us around while explaining the various pools. I was with a group of five and so we were mindful to chat quietly. But every five minutes the man with the clipboard kept coming over and shhhing us. It got to a point where we were literally whispering and yet he still kept coming over. He was making more noise reprimanding us then we were! It was ridiculous and not relaxing at all. To top it off, I wasn't called for my massage until the final half hour of the session. At this time the man with the clipboard told me I was up (two people in my party had already been called and the other two had booked a massage but there was some kind of computer glitch and so they were sol.) i walked over to the group of 6 masseurs who were just chatting it up at the top of the stairs. Laughing, chatting and making more noise then my group had been. I told them I was here for my massage and they all looked at me like I had three heads. Eventually someone agreed to take me but at that point I was so disgusted by the low level of customer service, my experience was ruined even though the massage was great. Oh and someone in my party got charged twice. Overall not impressed and will not be returning.
Came here for a second time recently. First time was earlier this year to treat my mom for her birthday. Quickly learned this might not be the best place for a mother daughter hang out. Better suited for couples. But, alas... I'm a single lady. Came here on Friday, stag. Needed some time away from human interaction and a massage after working grueling restaurant hours. Spent some time in the pools. Got a little bored at first since I was alone but my brain shut off at some point and I enjoyed floating in the salt water pool with a clear mind. Really nice, candle lit ambiance. My favorite is the very hot bath and the salt water pool. After an hour, I was taken to my masseuse, Denisa. I liked my time being split like that. Although 45 minutes in would be better so I could enjoy some sauna time after or lay on the warm bench (which I think can afford to be warmer.) anyway, Denisa told me the massage was meant to relax me. Which it certainly did, she did an awesome job and was super sweet. I told her about a problem area which she did spend some extra time on. Did the massage cure my strained neck and shoulders? No. But I don't think it was supposed to. Nor do I think oil massages can cure anything of that sort, just make it feel better temporarily.  I'll go get beaten senseless at the Korean spa for that. I digress. I went there to relax and feel good and did exactly that. Staff was very friendly, as well, all across the board. I just wish they offered a (complimentary) limo service to take me back home. Having to face the streets of NY and public transport after Aire sucked. Side note: I accidentally left my locker unlocked the entire time. Panicked when I realized because I had a stack of waitress cash in there. Anyway, it was all still there. My shoes, however... Just kidding. Just a tip- don't pay in cash here. Not that anyone would, I just happened to have it on me so I used it. They don't have change readily available. Thanks again, aire! See you very soon!
I will never go to another spa. The staff is super attentive. The massage was amazing, and hour of uninterrupted rubbing what more can a girl ask for. The lavender smell was intoxicating but so calming. The sauna was so refreshing. I felt like I was in a Moroccan hideaway.  My massage therapist name was Sam, I just had a baby so sand being a prenatal specialist was a plus.
Customer service at this place has completely gone down hill. I had been to Aire before and was so enchanted by the experience that I couldn't wait to go back again.  A friend of mine purchased a package that included two one hour massages to congratulate me on my recent engagement. When we went to redeem the package I got the run around, first they did not have my appointment on record, which I had booked a month earlier, then when I rescheduled and returned for my services later that evening I was told I owed a balance. Although irritated because I knew that the services were covered (tip included) I agreed to pay. When it came time to pay again, there was back and forth on what my actual total balance should be. I paid my balance but decided to contact my friend about the issue since he is a regular here. My friend then called the bath house to clear up the issue at which point they agreed to refund me and were extremely apologetic for the misunderstanding. This happened on 6/03, it is now 6/27 and after several calls still no refund. Bottom line the experience is one of a kind but I don't care how beautiful this place is and how great their massage services are, CUSTOMER SERVICE is key! Disappointed that I have to move on and will no longer be a customer at this place. Had this not happened, they would have had a loyal customer.
Aire was great! Everyone was nice and professional.  I arrived 30 minutes ahead of my appointment as requested.  I was taken to the changing room and then led out to the amazing spa area.  A staff member showed me around and told me the recommended order to use the baths.  I asked for a deep tissue massage since I have challenges with my neck and shoulders.  I was told to use the baths and then someone would find me for my massage.  When I was found for my massage the really nice staff member took me to a private room upstairs where she felt I could communicate more with the masseuse.  The room was quiet and lovely and the massage was amazing!  Also wanted to note all of the bath products in the locker room were L'Occitane..which I thought was a nice touch! I'll definitely be back!
Came here with my boyfriend for some R&R last Monday afternoon. I took the day off knowing we would have more privacy on a week day afternoon, and I'm very glad I did. Only one other couple was there and we had the whole place to ourselves. The pictures don't do this place justice, it was even nicer inside than we expected. The whole place is lit with lanterns and candles, and it is very romantic. I would recommend only coming here with a significant other. There are many little places in the baths to hide away as well, so it's easy to relax alone or have some privacy with your other half. We each enjoyed a 60 min message which was well worth it. We were able to change out of our bathing suits behind a curtain before the message. Overall we had a great experience and I would highly recommend checking this place out. It is definitely very different than any other spa we have been to. My only real complaint would be that the 2 hour time slot seems a little short for the money I spent. But still worth experiencing.
When I go to a spa/bathhouse I want to feel taken care of, pampered, and at ease. This is exactly how I felt at Aire. As soon as you walk in you are surrounded by dimly lit candles that transport you outside the bustle of New York.  You are handed two bracelets and shown to the locker room.  One bracelet is used to open and close the locker. The other is used later for the massage.  The locker is sufficiently spacious, and there are plenty of towels lying around (along with Sabon products).  In the locker room, you are provide with a robe and slippers. The slippers have to be kept on during the whole bath experience (even while you're in the water) and there are hooks by the bathes to hang the robe. The Bathes: After me and my friend were done changing (there are separate locker rooms for males and females) we were given a tour of the bathes.  There's a tepidarium (hot), fridigarium (cold), salt bath, jet bath, and steam room. You're allowed to explore the bathes at your own pace and in any order but after a while me and my friend came up with a routine. We would visit the steam room, sit and talk for a few minutes. Then my friend would jump into the fridgidarium... I found this one too cold, so I sat outside.  Finally, we would go into the tepidarium which I absolutely loved. The tepidarium is spacious enough that you can move around, and they limit the number of people who can come in at any given time, so there's always plenty of room.  It's also the perfect temperature - not so hot that you feel exhausted, but warm enough that your muscles relax. We were told that you could float in the salt bath, but there didn't seem to be enough salt for this happen. In fact, there was far too little salt for the salt bath to have any cathartic effect at all.  I kinda of liked the jet bath, but my vertically challenged friend found that the jets just squirted water at her face.  Overall we enjoyed the steam room and tepidarium the most. The Massage: We signed up for a 30 minute massage, and it was honestly far too short.  I feel that a massage is composed of three things - feel, technique, and routine. My masseuse had impeccable technique - I asked him for a firm massage and this is exactly what he did. He began with my legs and slowly made his way up, in a manner that made sense and helped to relax my whole body. My only complaint was in regards to the "feel". A masseuse needs to begin by trying to understand the contours of your body and pain areas.... this is where the masseuse "talks" to your body. Then the rest of the massage should be tailored to what you most need. I felt my masseuse at Aire seemed to skip this part. Though he began by running his hands around my back and legs, this process felt insincere and the rest of the massage felt like something he had repeated on hundreds of clients. That being said, all in all, it was a great massage. Overall: I had an amazing experience at Aire - relaxing, comforting, rejuvenating. Though some of the bathes (salt and jet) need a bit of improvement, me and my friend were quite happy with our steam room, fridigadrium and tepidarium routine.  The atmosphere and easy going nature of the staff really make you comfortable and at home. The masseuses are clearly well trained and have almost perfect technique, though I wish the massages were a bit more personalized (better "feel"). I am certainly looking forward to returning many more times. One note is that I think Aire is best enjoyed with a friend/significant other. Most people are there as couples (some in larger groups)... I certainly wouldn't feel comfortable going alone.
*****5-Star Baths, but....2-Star Massages and Customer Service **** In NYC, a bathtub is a true luxury. Bath lovers like me will rejoice at the different baths that you can test out. After reading all the reviews here on Yelp and trying Aire, Yes, its TRUE--- i agree with almost all reviewers that the massages are very weak, untrained, and customer service is pretty mediocre. I had a couples massage, and both massage therapists were in sync, so it's not their style/strength--- it's their training.  The therapists were young and although nice, were inexperienced and did too much acupressure point holding, not enough sweeping muscle work like a true spa massage. It was "press and hold, press and hold" a good 50% of the time.  My husband even mentioned the same thing about his massage, so it wasn't just me. Read the yelp reviews below and you'll find the same complaint, from the grand opening up till now. hmmm... Service also leaves a lot to be desired. For such a pricey, luxurious environment, the attentiveness and graciousness of the employees should match. From the phone reservationist to the host that ushered us in, to the bathroom attendants, to the front desk girls, all were not trained to be of 5 star service (i.e. on par with Yelo, Bliss, Red Door, Mandarin Oriental, Great Jones, et al). It felt like they were lacking in training:  Did not ask us about female/male preference, did not proactively offer information ("oh, just check your email for all the info"), and overall very gruff, harsh, not timely (we ordered a smoothie and it took forever to just get an order in) and not "soft" in their approach, which is what we should expect in such luxe digs. There is a "whisper policy" in the baths but when annoying people are talking loudly, there is NO staff there to keep remind them of it!  it's hard to relax. A quick scan of Yelp will confirm these same complaints. This tells me that management is not listening, and is probably not paying the employees enough. Even though i love baths, and the space is breathtaking, i would not come again b/c the massages are not worth it, and the service is not worth paying that much either. If you have a nice bathtub at home, or even a pool, skip this! if you're curious---well, now you know what to expect.
I am far from a spa expert but was looking for a spa package for my wife for Christmas and found this place in Trip Advisor of all places.   It was awesome.  It looks exactly like what the pictures on the website.  So if the website looks exciting, book it!  And I don't want to tell AIRE this but I feel like compared to other spa experiences, they could get away with charging 50% more than they do and they would still be less expensive then the rest.  So on top of being a great experience, it won't break the bank.
Just left this wonderful place.  It's tastefully decorated with an overwhelming peaceful atmosphere.   Live music and a well trained staff.  Fabulous couples experience.   I still cannot believe this city oasis exist.  Well done
Iv'e been frequenting other spas throughout NY. I was just recently made aware if this treasure. I dont think you can compare this spa to any other. The ambiance, decor, staff, concept, and originality is unparalleled to any other spa. From the different temperature baths, salt bath, wet sauna, everything is top notch. The 45 minute massage was heaven on earth, truly trained masseuse.   Im hooked and will most definitely become a regular
I had an amazing experience this Sunday at Aire Ancient Baths with my boyfriend. We wanted to unwind and treat ourselves after a stressful holiday season... and this place was absolutely perfect for that! It was romantic without being fussy. The staff was very helpful in the front lobby, in the locker rooms and in the baths themselves. Plus, the massage in the middle was the cherry on the sundae! Although it might not be the best or the cheapest in the city, considering the atmosphere, it's a must do when you visit. Would absolutely plan on going again!
If your stressed out , got a couple of bucks to splurge and need a place to go relax, this is it. Love the decorations and set up of this place. very mystical feeling,  a dark candle lit room. An escape from NYC within NYC.  I went in the 9pm slot so parking was easy. Everyone was friendly and polite. They limit the amount of people each session so they can keep a calm and quiet environment. The employees were very accommodating  and gave an informative tour of the place.   They have 3 hot and 2 cold pools, 1 Jacuzzi and 1 steam sauna. If you use the steam sauna, you have to sit on the second level to feel the heat. The Jacuzzi could be a tad hotter. The massage was ok. wouldn't choose anything past 30-45 mins. All in all, a very nice place. I would def go again.
OK, this is a very nice place and have an amazing decor as well as ambience (smells great too). The services is good and efficient. Nice locker room with personal lockers. You don't have to bring a swimming suits (I regret I brought mine since it's a hassle ) they will provide u one I heard and I think u just put deposit for it. The baths are exciting :D but I did not enjoy much the 60 min massage, it wasn't good as I go to those Chinese places. The price is not high for this kind of experience. I would probably won't be a regular but I took my husband for his b day and it was nice. Tip- take a dry underwear with you to the bath if u don't want to be naked at the massage (with a towel on but naked underneath). Have fun!! :D
Amazing, relaxing, breathtaking, detailed, rejuvenating...what else can I say to describe this place. Everything about Aire is just top notch, the atmosphere will have you amazed, the level of detail put into this Spa is truly outstanding. The staff is fantastic, very polished and professional. The pools themselves are simply wonderful. My favorite was the salt pool. Just laying their on your back staring at the ceiling with the soft music playing...I didn't want to leave. We also book a 60 min massage....without going into detail I can say it was one, if not the best massage I have ever had. The flow, touch, intensity, setting, and oils used was spot on. In my opinion for the money this place represents one of NYC's best values. The sheer luxury and quality of the service would cost triple at other places in NYC and you wouldn't have the same experience. Positives.. Great value, limit 20 people per session, amazing massages therapists, wonderful pools, attention to detail, and again a great value. Negatives... I should have book another session..I didn't want to leave.
Stunningly gorgeous!  Very romantic as the spa is completely candle-lit (must be exhausting for whoever has that job...but the result is worth it).  Got really lucky that we came at 9am so we could pack our day with touristy NYC stuff afterwards.  We pretty much had the whole place to ourselves at this early hour.  Place was packed by the time we were leaving at 11:30.  My faves were the salt water pool (flotarium) and warm water pool (tepidarium).  Massage wasn't the best (but not bad by any means).  I'd recommend skipping the pricey services and just sticking to the baths...it'll still be a unique and memorable experience in itself.  But definitely go!
If the place had a $35 entry like the other bathhouses in NYC, then I would give it a 3 out of 5, but for $75 entry fee it deserves a 1 out 5. The facility has a few baths that aren't anything to write home about. The hottest bath is 102 degrees which isn't very hot. The salt pool didn't make my body very buoyant which is something I was looking forward to. Nothing like the "Dead Sea Experience" as described by one of the people who works their. Most bathhouses also provide a bunch of saunas, steam rooms and cold rooms to choose from but Aire only provided one steam room nothing else. I asked for a male massage therapist because I personally believe they provide better, stronger massages. I received a woman and it was sub-par. I asked to speak to a manager but he/she was too busy to get back to me so had the receptionist return my call. I told the spa that I was disappointed with my massage, and reminded them that I specifically requested a male massage therapist when I made the reservation. The receptionists response was that they can't guarantee if it is a male or female. No one told this to me when I made the reservation, I told her. She then said along the lines of, well, like a hotel can't guarantee you get the exact room number you request, we can't guarantee that you get a guy or girl massage therapist. Umm...we aren't talking about hotels. Hotels and spas are two totally different services. If I call a spa and make a reservation for a male massage therapist I have never not gotten what I requested. Not worth the money.
Came here with a couple of girlfriends and had a very nice time. Very clean facility and good service. Locker room could be a bit better arranged however. I think they are too small with not enough bathrooms and showers. Also, my friends and I were enjoying ourselves after our massages but were asked to leave the baths 10 minutes before our time was up. Other then that, I thought the facilities were really nice and will for sure come back again
We were there yesterday for our 1 year anniversary. After reading about Aire in the NY Mag Best of issue, I was excited to try something different. We were very much looking forward to a quite, relaxing morning in the baths and our couples massage. When we walked in we were told to relax and not think about a thing. The man who greeted us said we would be found when it was time for our massage,  not to worry. Our time in the baths began at 11 am. My husband and I went into the locker rooms, I was greeted by an attendent and shown how to use the locker. The locker rooms were large and clean, as expected. On a side note, go to the bathroom before you go to Aire - there was one tiny bathroom, I mean tiny, that I had to wait for awhile to use. Dozen showers and one toilet? Odd. We dipped into all of the baths, our favorite was the salt. There weren't too many people there so it seemed private and quiet which was nice and relaxing. It's a very beautiful and calm space. But as the time ticked by we wondered when our massage would happen. 11:30, 12:00, 12:30 - nothing. No one said a word to us. You visit the baths in two hour shifts and our massage was included in those two hours. So when no one came to get us by 12:45 we grew concerned and I found someone to ask. Oh we are running late she said. We'll get you in 10-15 minutes. But we have lunch plans, I said. Oh she replied. Sure enough 10 minutes later we were ushered into the massage room. But at this point all relaxation was gone. I get that they don't want you to be bothered looking at a clock. It's not relaxing to feel like you have been forgotten about and no one addresses the issue - it just makes you anxious. We would have preferred for someone to come up to us and have said, we'll be with you shortly. By the time our massage started, a whole new group of bathers had come in - and they were loud. We could hear them laughing and chatting away in the 1000 springs Bath. Our masseuse finally left the room and asked the new loud group to be quiet. It was a nice experience overall but not nearly as relaxing as it could have been. The place has great potential but they need  to show guests that they really care and want the experience to be memorable, then maybe I'd give it more stars.
I decided to try Aire because I am a neighborhood inhabitant.  I usually go to steam and soak at Great Jones Spa.  Wow, what an un-spa like experience.  The steam room was tepid at best.  It wasnt even warm forget about actually opening one's pores.  Then I was basically forgotten about for 45 minutes.  I asked two different attendants why I was waiting so long for my massage.  When I finally went in to the very visible glass cube for my massage I was told to change out of my swimsuit and was given a towel that would barely reach my tummy. Dont forget this is in a glass cube which is visible to all the other bathers.  BEST PART-a man was escorted into my massage room five minutes later for his massage!!!!!!!  He promptly fell asleep and snored and snorted one foot away from my face the entirety of my very expensive massage.   It is an unbelievable experience.  My poor masseuse felt bad for me but what could she do.  Obviously it was how things are done at Aire.
Worst experience! I feel like they ripped me off! I ordered 2 treatments for me and my wife for her birthday. in order to save a place I booked it a night before on 11:00PM, in the morning I called first thing to check if possible to have treatment with pregnancy. I understood that not and I will have to sign a waiver. I asked for a refund, and their answer was NO, they will return only half of the amount ($150.00).
Took My mom here on her birthday and we had a great time. As soon as you walk in its like the hustle and bustle of NYC no longer matters. All thats left is you feeling like you've been transported to a different world/ time. Though this place is expensive, we got the package including the massage but ts was so worth it!!!
Absolutely refreshing, you feel like royalty when you are in here. Bring change of clothes n woman make up and hair essentials to be able to walk out feeling brand spanking new!!!!
incredibly relaxing and worth every penny
Very unique, relaxing, and fun. Great place for couples/dates! Service was great too - I had placed my glasses in a robe that someone else took and within 15-20 minutes was able to have someone find it for me. Call it luck, call it service...whatever it is I was happy.
This place is fabulous!  I've been to other baths in NYC and this is luxurious  in comparison. The ambiance is very relaxing with candlelight everywhere, dreamy music and 6 different pools to enjoy.  My favorite was the floatarium, which is a warm saltwater pool that you can free float in.  The pool with springs is also fun but does not have side jets like a hot tub, but upward jets.  There is 1 steam room so the experience is mostly about the pools.  Tea and water were provided and you can order juice too.  Locker rooms are nice but the hair dryers didn't all work.  I went with my guy and we found it very romantic.  I came out super relaxed and will definitely return during the cold winter season, when I can't get away for a beach vacation.
I am forever IN LOVE with this place! It must be the most beautiful and relaxing spa experience that I've ever had in the US. When I lived in Italy, I used to frequent the thermal baths in Tuscany and in Veneto. It was so refreshing to see an similar, upscale experience right in my hometown! A trip to Aire gives you a chance to escape the chaos of New York for 2 hours. My mother and I enjoyed some lovely massages. Afterwards, we enjoyed the baths. I loved the peach and coconut smoothie that was brought to me IN the bath! LOVELY! THe steam bath was also relaxing. I loved the eucalyptus aromatherapy that was used. The whole vibe is just amazing. From the candles, ancient ruins theme, relaxing iberian music, Moroccan mint tea, and an amazing staff that bends over backwards for you, it was just an amazing experience. I hope to win the lottery someday so that I can afford the $3,000 yearly membership :-)
Extremely Relaxing! My husband got us time at Aire for my birthday and it was amazing.  We went earlier in the day, 11-1, and found this time of day to be perfect for us.  Since today is a holiday and people were off from work it was a bit more crowded than it probably is during this time during the week but it didn't effect our time at all.  Everyone was respectful while in the pool areas.  People spoke softly to one another and we did not see any couples making out.  We can't attest to the massages because we didn't have any but I felt the two hours in the pools were beyond relaxing and I didn't need to spend the extra money for a massage.  Aire Ancient Baths exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be back.  Highly recommend!
The facility is beautiful and the fruit juice was delicious but overpriced. I've been to other bath houses and I expected Aire to have more baths but this is Manhattan and space is limited. The hottest bath was not quite hot enough for my boyfriend and I but they were relaxing non the less. The jetted pool should have signage indicating where the steps are. I grabbed the handrail and expected to walk onto steps but I fell in and have a huge bruise on my back, fortunately no one saw me take the fall. It was not easy to see the steps b/c of the bubbles. The sinks in the steam room were not clean, there was black chunky stuff by the drain!?My biggest complaint were the masseuses. I spoke with women each time I called the facility and no one ever told me that we were assigned to male masseuses. My BF was highly upset but there were no other female ones available. He just can't relax when he has a male masseuse. The massage area is shared and even though we were alone at the start of the session, I could hear other guests come in to our area and I regretted following my masseuse's instructions to take off my swimsuit. He did little to cover me with the towel and spent an unnecessarily long time massaging my bum(I'm not at all tense there). He also did a strange massage on my inner upper thigh that I did not appreciate and never experienced elsewhere. I hate having to write this review because I was really, really hoping to have a nice experience.
To update my review... while I stand by the review of my experience, I was very surprised to get an apology email this morning from them, offering to have me come back and attempt a better experience. I'm accustomed to having to reach out to customer service to correct a wrong, so it speaks volumes to their consideration of their customers that they would reach out to me after the fact to attempt reconciliation. Unfortunately I don't live in NYC so I can't take them up on their kind offer to return. I am considerably impressed by this action... and will definitely recommend them to others. I'm certain my experience was simply a consolidation of minor missteps culminating in a one-off experience and is not emblematic of their normal service.
this place is great.  my sister and i went for the baths and a 30 minute massage - both were amazing.   2 call outs - staff training could be improved as the staff did not appear to be very sophisticated or knowledgable.  they were attentive but there was no real explanation of the benefits of the pools and not enough guidance on how to use them.  2nd call out would be that the facilities and amenities are just ok - the locker room is clean but doesn't feel very luxurious and the same goes for the towels and robes.  overall though we had a really great time and would go back.
Let me just begin by saying that I'm not the kind of guy who is going to get all excited and in a tizzy about going to a spa... ok, well maybe I am--there's nothing wrong with that, so stop judging me. There are few experiences you can have in NYC that are so transformative that they make you forget that you're in the big city. If you really want to screw yourself up in the head, go here right after you see Sleep No More--you may never be the same again. When you enter this place, it feels like some super rich European guy's house--someone who would never invite us to his house (if you are reading yelp reviews, you will know that I am right).  You have to take multiple levels of stairs to descend to the bath lair, and what a magnificent lair it is!  Our guide whispered to my girlfriend and me the rules of the house, along with an explanation for each bath. Pretty much all I heard was that I had to take a vow of silence when luxuriating in the pool next to the massage room.   It's all laid out beautifully--not overly ornate, and tasteful with the perfect touches.  Everything has been thought out, down to where they place water jugs to the heated slabs of stones that you can lie on to take a break. There are multiple pools, each with a specific purpose, and a logical progression to make your body feel like soup and then invigorated, all within an hour.  I particularly enjoyed the steam room infused with eucalyptus... they have a basin with running water where you can fill up a bowl of water to pour on your head, which hits your scalp as cold water and heats up to the perfect level of warmth as it drizzles down your face and body. And the cold bath--well ordinarily, I would just say I'll wait until my boiler breaks down to take a cold bath... but it turns out that dipping yourself into a one person pool of cold water after soaking in a hot pool is exactly what I needed to relax and feel awake and energized. Afterwards, I felt much more relaxed than I ever have after a massage, and I slept better than I have in ages. If you think that this is all just pretentious and not for your lunchpail self, think again... this is for everyone. Even if the style isn't your thing, you'll come out feeling like You 2.0.
I went to Aire on a Sunday afternoon with my Mom and we had the absolute best time ever. From the moment you step into Aire, you are transported into a different mindset. They even had tea in beautiful teapots. The front desk staff were extremely nice and super attentive. We were ushered to the locker room/shower area which was pristine. The floor with the various baths is truly incredible. It is so so beautiful and artistic, like out of a dream. The detail to attention in creating this mesmerizing environment was very apparent. The staff was very informative as far as the different pools. It is hard to say which one was my favorite... the jets, the tepidarium, the frigidairium, steam room super hot pool or salt water baths. I did two rotations and I also got a great massage which I highly recommend. I think Aire would also be a great place to take that special person or just for a great girls' day. You will love it!
I had an amazing experience at Aire.  I went with my sister and two girlfriends.  We were desperate to relax and feel zen, and this experience gave us just that! It is set up in 2-hour shifts.  We went from 1-3 on Sunday 9/15.  Our shift was not too crowded which definitely added to the relaxing experience. Since I had never been there, we did a quick tour with a staff member.  He explained all the pools and the health benefits they provide.  They are salt water, jets, body temperature, hot, cold, and even colder.  There is also a steam room.  My favorite was the salt water "flotarium" pool and the steam room.  We all had 15-minute massages and all very much enjoyed them. There are showers located in the pool area which are "rain" style - the shower head is in the ceiling.  I loved that!  It was great for a quick rinse before my massage. The locker room was good, too.  I really enjoyed my shower after my session.  They provided the necessities of toiletries (no facial moisturizer) and hair dryers. All in all, I had an amazing, relaxing experience.  The ambiance is dim, candle-lit, and quiet. I will definitely be back with my fiance as this could be a very romantic and relaxing date. Worth the price!!
Stunning facility, friendly staff. Sexy, crazy, cool. Good policy of not letting it get overcrowded by only booking limited appointments and having a 2 hour limit.  Overall, a truly wonderful experience.
Love, Love LUUUUUUUV this place! I almost don't want to tell people about it because it seems to be somewhat of a well kept secret. I came here on a Wednesday night with a date and everything was perfect from the second we walked in. The decor/atmosphere is exactly what I want my apartment to look like and it will, once that powerball hits. We were ushered to our respective locker rooms and given slippers and robes. My only beef is those dang slippers they make you wear the entire time but I guess its a safety measure so you don't slip. You are then escorted down into the baths and I'll have to say I've been in a lot of baths around the world, Budapest, Turkish Hammams, you name it and this is definitely one of the most serene beautiful ones I've visited. There are candles everywhere and it doesn't even have a faint whiff of mustiness. One of the therapists showed us around and explained the pools and what order you should visit them. There were only a few other people there which made our experience that much better. We started with the warm pool in the back and just lolled around for about 1/2 an hour. Next up, the hot pool which was a welcome change. We only stayed in there about 10 minutes, as suggested and we both said we had to try the ice plunge pool. I stuck my pinky toe in and said nuh uh. Wowie...too cold for me. Next up the jacuzzi. This was probably my least favorite because the jets are so strong they splash you in the face the whole time. There is a steam room in the center of all the pools and I could live in there.The eucalyptus was so perfectly fragrant we just laid down and stayed there for awhile.There are ice water jugs available and a hot stone ledge to rest on. The salt pool was also a fav because you just float around. We ended up back at the warm pool in the back, snuggled up on one of the little cubby hole benches and relaxed for our remaining 30 minutes. Aire? WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE!!! Huge fan!!
I really enjoyed my experience. The massage was good, but my friend's sounded better. No one explained the baths to us but we figured them out. Our favorite was the really hot one and the long one along the back wall. I forgot to bring a bathing suit so they provided one for me! I would definitely go back here again.
My Dear Aire, Parts of Tribeca are like lost in time, certain streets like islands of their own, connected, but separate from the mother island, Manhattan.  On a street, as such, is where you'll find this watering hole.  Decadent, but at the same time muted by a kind of ancient simplicity.  Dark, candlelit, and uncomplicated.  Everything feels remarkably clean, most likely because you're required to wear slippers.  The eucalyptus steam, the glass box in the middle of the floor is Philip Johnson for Diocletian.  Fountains are installed for the faint of heart.  It's fairly private, even though the two hour time intervals service multiple parties.  At some point I felt like I was the only one there, which adds to the escape factor.  However, this depends on the time and day.  5-7 session on Saturday = shared mediation space with teenage couples.  Staff was sympathetic and responsive to my inability to get in touch with my inner calm, and because of that, my center was immediately restored and I left feeling like I had conquered the young and the restless, and elated.           Truly, Fog of War
Aire is an absolute gem a must go if you're into spas. Aire is immaculately kept. Never over crowded. Very fairly priced. The staff is great. If you have never done floatation before you gotta check it out.
Ambiance is great. Service is not so good. The massage is with arms and elbows - not hands They were severely late with my massage appointment but then wouldn't let me use the baths after the massage and just kicked me out There were 6 attendants in the bath area watching that people don't go overtime, but nobody to replace toilet paper, scrubbing salts or, as somebody mentioned in the previous reviews, dry your bathing suit. Disappointing for a high-end place
Restoration Hardware meets a bathhouse.
OMG so great! Super expensive by my standards (I'm a student) but for a once-in-a-while treat, this place rocks it. Go on a week night if you want the place almost to yourself.
This place has an amazing front area with very helpful staff. Then, you go in and it's even more beautiful inside. Highly recommend Guillermo for a 1 hour massage and the hot pool and the floatarium. Definitely run to go here!
An urban oasis. Service - impeccable. An attendant explained how to use the electronic locker key. Then another attendant showed us around the baths and explained the different pools. Lockerooms - very clean. There was a machine to dry out your swimsuit, hairdryers to dry hair after, and toiletries. Probably the only thing I wished we had was something to keep my hair from getting wet? My blow out got ruined. Ambiance - gorgeous.   Sauna had eucalyptus scent. Only complaint is the steam condenses and hot water droplets drip on you (ouch), but I guess that's what happens in a sauna. They have cold water and tea outside for you to drink and towels. The jet bath wasn't very relaxing - too many jets, water splashing, and very loud. Loved the variety of baths - medium hot, very hot, salt water, cold, very cold, jets. Switching it up kept me entertained because when else do I spend 90 min ... doing ... nothing.....I almost got bored. And then I almost fell asleep. Ultimate relaxation. People - mostly couples, and mostly people not self conscious about themselves. The least pleasant part of the experience was the man in the lobby throwing a temper tantrum (yelling and banging on things) because he had forgotten what locker he put his stuff in and thought it had gotten stolen. But that's not exactly Aire's fault.
Was brought here as a surprise by my husband for my birthday and was pleasantly surprised, happily, relaxed and properly beat up (in a good way) in my massage.  He had originally wanted to book a 4 handed massage for each of us but didn't realize that the 4 handed massages were only for 45 min or longer massages.  After signing in and filling out a simple waiver, we were greeted at the front desk and given out bracelets to lock and unlock out lockers and tag us for our massages.  We were then led in to the locker rooms with the echo of the manager's voice in my ear saying, "the most important thing is that you don't think about ANYTHING". The locker room attendant met us, showed us how to work the lockers and allowed us to get undressed and re-dressed in our bathing suits, bathrobes and cloth slippers that we were to keep on during the entire time we were at the baths, even in the pools.  We were then led out of the locker rooms to a small hallway where another attendant met us to show us around and explain the pools, the steam room, the heated granite slab to lounge on, the tea and water and everything else to make us more comfortable.  He told us not to worry about our massages and that they would come find us when the time was right.  We spent a chunk of the time plunging in to cold and hot pools ranging from 102 degrees down to 50.  We floated in the pool designed to be like the Dead Sea with it's high salt concentration and we steamed, drank wonderfully sweet tea and sat tin the jacuzzi.  I have to say I think my favorite was floating in the Dead Sea-like pool while soft soothing music played.  Coming in at a close second was the hot and cold plunge pools. When they came to find us for our massages we were asked to rinse off and meet them at the rooms where my husband and I were brought in and quickly interviewed about what kind of massage we preferred.  The therapist asked questions appropriate for a good massage to take place and I was soon dozing off on a table face down while she worked on me for a half hour getting out all the kinks.  At the end of the massage she helped me back in to the bikini top she had to remove to gain access to my back and placed the cloth slippers they provide for you back on my feet.  I didn't realize that the slippers had been placed somewhere to keep them warm!  It was AMAZING! We then left to go back up to the locker room shower and dress for our dinner reservation.  I have to say, I was the most relaxed I had been in a very long time and the meal we shared after that experience was only heightened due to our state of mind...........
Was my First time on saturday. If you want to escape from the world, come here. Its relaxing, Staff is pleasant. Great for groups and couples. I walked out of here feeling very refreshed. Clean too! Massage is also on point.
This is exactly what we were looking for. Came for a couples package: 2 hours which included the baths and a 30 minute massage.  The staff is very friendly and the process of using the baths was explained very well.  The massage was excellent, the music and candles are very relaxing. The place is extremely clean...wish I could come here once a week for total relaxation.
Great place. A friend gave this as a gift to my fiancée and I. Was a great way to spend 2hrs. Not crowded at all even though they were saying they were very busy so it seems they keep a limit on number if people. We had a nice orange guava drink that was v refreshing as well.
I must say this place is a little piece of heaven in NYC. My boyfriend and i came here last night for the first time. As soon as we walked into Aire we immediately started feeling relaxed. Its warm the decor is amazing and it smells great. Check in is super easy and while we waited for our time slot we got to relax on a comfy couch and drink hot tea. From start to finish the staff was amazing. Very helpful and friendly. Once we got down to the baths someone asked us if it was our first time, we said yes, so from there she explained the different pools and which works best in sequence. After that is was all a dream. Each bath is absolutely perfect even the cold bath (refreshed the hell outta me). There was a perfect amount a people there, I never felt crowded. We also got a 30min massage which was the absolute best. Overall my guy and I loved this place so much. Completely relaxed crazy hard workers like ourselves and made our skin F***ing Incredible!!! We will most certainly be coming back.
Fantastic experience at Aire Ancient Baths. Beautifully designed space and an awesome relaxing retreat for NY'ers. They are stringent with your 2 hour window so if you're late, that's on you....don't expect an extension on your stay. They don't let too many people during the sessions which is nice because you really get to relax and it's not crowded. I was a bit annoyed by the fact that they have spa attendants standing around everywhere watching you like hawks and making sure you don't speak too loud. Their reasoning? - the massage rooms are within the same space and the acoustics carry....how is that my problem? they should have gotten sound proof glass if that's the case. On the other hand, maybe it's nice just to relax and keep your mouth shut. Great experience, but don't think you'll come here with all your girlfriends and have a jolly giggly time b/c you'll def have to keep your voices to a minimum. Overall I'd give them an A. Can't wait to be back.
This place is very unique and fun. The crowd was young and fun; lots of couples but also a handful of groups. The staff was courteous and attentive. Overall, a great experience! I will definitely be returning.
What a wonderful place. The ambiance, the space, the service, the amazing tea they serve. It is the place to relax. I love everything about it, and only have a couple of little things they could change. I had my reservation messed up once as they do take it online and on the phone as well. And once i got there my name looked like it was cancelled, when i didnt cancel. So they had to make me wait a little to put me in again. Wasn't my first time there though. My husband thought they had way too many rules. The fact that you literally have to stop at every floor and get a full explanation even if you've been there before. I wish they would soundproof the massage rooms better as the therapist kept on complaining about people talking. Nobody was loud, but people have to talk sometimes, it shouldn't be that big of a deal. Other then that it was great.
pure relaxation. my boyfriend and i went here on saturday. it was such a relaxing and rejuvenating experience! moving from bath to bath, then to the aromatherapy steam room. it was exactly what we needed after a long and busy week of working in the city. i highly recommend this place. you really come out with your body feeling refreshed! sidenote: i recommend walking over to "pecan cafe" after for a "pecan special" smoothie (get it water-based). it has mint, pineapple, celery, and something else i cannot remember. but it was amazing and a nice end to our little spa day.
I went to Aire last night for the first time with my best friend.  Check in was not too bad.. We did have to wait a little, but it wasn't a bother.  We had to fill out forms which is the norm, so they knew our medical history and allergies.  After we completed the forms we received 2 bracelets each. One bracelet was for the opening and closing of the lockers and the the other bracelet was for the massage.  When we first entered the locker room no one told us what to do and how to use the bracelets, which I thought was odd because they knew it was our first time.  We managed to figure it out on our own. You place the bracelet up against the knob and click in to lock the locker and again to unlock.  Each locker has a robe, slippers and towel.  There are 2 changing rooms and plenty of showers with shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  They also have blow dryers, lotion, deodorant, hair ties, q-tips, and bags available for your wet bathing suit, which I really appreciated because I forgot a bag.  When we went down the stairs to the baths, we were greeted by some of the employees and they asked for our name and informed us that we would be receiving our massage first.  I was unhappy about this at first, but it worked out so we weren't wet before getting our massages.  We had two men who were going to massage us and they asked us if we wanted to remove our bathing suits for the massage and we found this to be odd because the massages take place in a room where other people are in the room as well and there is no privacy.  There were two other people in the room before we arrived.  The massage was okay and we then went off to experience the pools.  There are several pools and it was pretty crowded on a Saturday, but people seemed to quickly leave.  We were given a tour of the pools which we greatly appreciated because it let us know the purpose of each pool and temperature.  We started with the thousand springs pool which was really nice and moved on from there and left the floatarium (salt pool) for last after entering the sauna for 15 minutes to open our pores.  They have two cold pools at 57 degrees and 60 degrees and I quickly tried the 57 degree pool and it was freezing after coming out of the 100 degree pool.  Each pool has a special element to it and it is definitely great for couples.  The two hour experience went by quickly, but we enjoyed every second of it.
A welcome escape from hectic city life, this place is a hidden gem, but still needs a little bit of polishing. Took my hubby for the last time slot last week. We arrived 30min prior to our reserved time, as was suggested. Another couple were there, waiting for the next session. Soon after we were separated and led to the changing rooms - but they escorted us ladies together, and put us in lockers right next to each other.  I didn't know her from Eve, and it was a bit awkward to be grouped like we were friends.  Staggering our entrance would have made everyone more comfortable.  The locker room attendant also kind of hung around while we changed, which was also unnerving.  I am not uncomfortable with my body in any way, but you put me next to a complete stranger who I have no desire to know, and then get watched by the locker attendant. It will only take us 5-10 minutes to change, so leave us alone and check back. A little more space and privacy would have been appreciated. The locker room itself is ill-designed. It's huge, but the toilets appear to have been an after thought - as they are thisbig and you have to practically walk to the spa to go. Somehow, there is a tiny sink in the toilet, but no hand towels. And just a thought but no one will ever take the time to sit at the vast vanity and dry their hair and put on make-up, so the chairs were a waste. I finished changing before my new buddy, (which left her clamoring to finish), and the attendant led me to where my man was waiting, with my buddy's man - awkward! For everyone! If they decided to group us together for convenience in explaining the layout of the spa, again, with so many staff, I don't understand why they couldn't escort each group separately. Clearly, we are couples here to be relaxed and romantic. Herding us like cattle is not cute. Luckily, all these little missteps melted away as we stepped into the baths. What an amazingly beautiful cave of hydrotherapy awaits!  The baths are breathtaking, candles, low lights, exposed brick, beams, ropes, just gorgeous! The mood was set to music that was ethereal, not too new wave, thank goodness. And when the previous session ended, an attendant came thru with little chimes, which was perfect given the setting. A bit about the temps - the hot tub could have been warmer, and the jets were bubbling at such a high speed, it was hard to sit in front of them without getting pushed away.  The steam room has a very uneven temperature, and the scalding hot water dripping from the ceiling was not pleasant.  I wish it had the smell of eucalyptus, but alas, it did not.  My hubby agreed the steam should have been much hotter and I can see from previous reviews that this is a problem for them.  The caldarium, tepidarium, and salt bath were nice temps, though I feel that in winter, the entire room and baths should go up at least 3-5 degrees to be truly therapeutic. Also, the shower area in the baths did not have soap in the dispensers - so why have them? There are so many biodegradable options nowadays, that wouldn't mess with the chlorination of the pools. And believe it, you will smell like chlorine when you leave. A word about massages - I gave my hubby the hour and took a 30min for myself.  The massage tables are set around the baths, enclosed by glass, but you are right next to your neighbor, with only a curtain between you, something my husband does not like. I don't mind it, and I am not sure if they have private rooms or not.  I had Bianca (or Blanca?) and she gave a beautiful, relaxing, flowing massage, and was able to do an abbreviated full body, which was impressive for 30 minutes. She mentioned that they would dry my bikini top and shoes, and when it was over, only my shoes were warm and dry.  She was excellent, but my husband was not so lucky, he said his masseuse barely listened to his request for a strong massage. Back to the baths - the space is large enough and I believe if they continue to take reservations mindfully,  everyone can experience this tranquil oasis with controlled privacy.  I think there were 12 people there. When we finished in the baths, we went back to the locker rooms.  We left a bit earlier than our "buddies" so the locker room was empty, except for the attendant. She had already hung up the chairs upside down on the counters, and was hosing the showers. Tasks that could be completed while we are not in the locker room.  As I said, we were in the last session, and we were the first to leave, so ultimately, she was going to have to hose down the showers again, once the last people leave.  And it takes two minutes to put the chairs up, couldn't these things be down when you are closed? Not at 10:20pm. Upon leaving, I asked the desk attendant what the name of my masseuse was, and she did not know, not even when I guessed, which again is odd. Overall, it was an incredible place and we will certainly be back. Just needs a little polish.
This is probably the most indulgent, luxurious experience I have had in  NYC. The place is really stunning. Dark, thousands of candles, beautiful relaxing music, - its lovely. The salt water pool was definitely my favorite - after the steam room i could really feel the salt water entering pores. And there's underwater music! The massage was not the best ever - but I am extremely difficult when it comes to massage, so that's not to say others wouldn't enjoy it. I also agree that the steam room could stand to have the temperature raised a few degrees. I thought it was still great though, - it certainly did the trick. I will definitely be back for a special occasion sometime.
After reading the reviews, I knew I was in for a very relaxing time.  I went in feeling stressed and left feeling like Jell-O. I was greeted in reception bu friendly front desk managers and asked to fill out a form since it was my first time there.   I was then led into the ladies locker room where I met Sandy, the super-friendly attendant. She was very accommodating and when I was done with my session, she offered to spin my bathing suit dry and pout it in a little baggie for me.  The facility and showers were fully stocked and extremely clean.   After changing into my bathing suit and robe, my treatment began by being shown around the facilities by the attendants and asked if I wanted my massage first or later.  I started out with a 15 minute massage by Jorge- let's just say he has magic hands and the massage was so good I didn't want it to end. I should have opted for a longer one.   I then moved to the bath circuit. There is a tepid bath you start in, more like a 97* lap pool, which was great and the space was very beautiful.  Huge ceilings, exposed brick and candles everywhere.  Sexy flamenco guitar music, too.   I then moved onto the other baths- a 105*, cold plunges, bubbling springs, and the coolest- the Flotarium, a dead sea-like salt bath.  I also loved he Hammam (steam) room, all marble and eucalyptus, and the warming marble benches where they serve tea and water.  The experience ended with a bell and I showered and changed and dried my hair.   My experience at Aire was so amazing, 2 hours of bliss! My only regret is not getting my hair completely wet to hear the underwater music while floating in the dead sea pool! I will definitely go back and next time I will bring my boyfriend!
Aire Baths is quite the experience from the minute you step into the lobby to when you leave. Amazing & helpful staff, romantic ambience, beautiful decor and variety of baths. You do not feel like your in city at all! I Wish I could go every weekend!
One word= perfection. Stunning bath house, beats any russian bath house in the city and brooklyn, and korean bath houses in queens and jersey by far. I recommend an hour massage at least. My friend said 4 hand is lovely.
On the plus side, this place is spectacularly beautiful, and the pools were lovely. My massage was pleasant, but I am not a massage connoisseur.  I found it to be clean and relaxing. On the down side, you only go in for a set time period, and everyone arrives and leaves according to the time period. This means that everyone is checking in at the same time, everyone is in the locker room at the same time. Then they are pretty strict about kicking you out at the end of the session. So if they keep you waiting for anything, then that time is completely wasted. I had to wait for my massage, and if I had known I was just sitting and waiting, I would have gone back in a pool. Given how expensive it is, it is unfortunate that they stick to such strict time limits.
I am not a huge spa person but after my first visit to Aire I found myself booking to return a few weeks later. I have always shelled out for massages if I wanted to relax but I was won over by someone saying it felt like you'd left NYC so I booked hoping to feel like I'd escaped the city. I did have a massage both times but I wouldn't bother again as they seemed very mediocre. The reason I will keep coming back is because I leave each time feeling like I've been on a mini-vacation which after just 2 hours of serenity seems great value. Personally I really like the whisper policy!
This place definitely deserve best reviews. I had 30 min massage and my husband took 60 min massage. We went for a late night session 9pm -11pm. My husband always have problems with sleep but  after this we got home  and we both feel asleep in seconds. I do recommend try ice cold pool and very hot right after.  5 stars to this gecko-roman style bath house.
Loved it, a sort of cross between ancient Roman baths and a hamann. Assorted pools are in the basement, body temp, hot tub, salt water and a really hot steam room. The massage was good but not great (I am a deep tissue connoisseur and they don't do deep tissue, so likely just fine for most), but the atmosphere, candles and bare brick walls more than made up for it. Highly recommend it!
Being that this is my first experience going to a spa I can say that I love it. This place is essentially gorgeous, the service is rendered beautifully, and I enjoyed the 60 minute massage (albeit a little on the rough side for me). The ambiance is wonderful as you feel like you've been transported to another place. The baths are just a piece of heaven and everything is all wrapped up in a clean environment. Overall works even if just a bit expensive.
Aire Ancient Baths is a fantastic escape in NYC.  I have never been to a place so unique.  There are several pools to choose from with different temperatures, as well as a steam room and a salt water pool.  The place is cavernous and dimly lit with many candles.  It is truly a relaxing experience.  Note that most times I have gone most customers were couples.  I would also note that I have had 3 massages there - 2 were among the best I have ever had and 1 was easily the worst (honestly, there were times the masseuse was just resting her hands on me and not doing anything). So I would say that their massage services can be inconsistent.
This may be a wonderful place -- it certainly looks like it from the pictures.  And others here obviously love it.  But after spending three days trying to book an appt through the website (didn't work), calling (no answer or no returned call -- not even once) and sending emails to their "booking@" email address (no reply -- ever) -- I'm giving up.  It may be life-changing but the customer service is so terrible I don't even want to find out anymore.
+'s: assortment of different pools design and layout of the bath area impressive aesthetics not crowded -'s: weak massages communal massage rooms 1 towel per customer (had to ask for an extra) no towels in the bath area 2 toilets for the entire women's locker room 1 toilet doesn't fully flush conditioner dispenser in shower was empty by 1pm locker room floor felt slimy all in all, the bath experience was like a 5 star hotel while the spa experience was like a 3rd world country.
As a spa aficionado living and working in TriBeCa, I had high hopes for this new place (opened May 2012) as my new "regular spot", but it failed in so many ways that I won't be coming back. The water lounge area is gorgeous, but the staff is intrusive and watches everyone like hawks (which is hardly relaxing), and a staff member even asked my friend and I to lower our voices within the first 5 minutes (from a true whisper, when nobody else was even in the place). Maybe the acoustics are bad and can carry a whisper, but they should have considered that when designing the space. There are no extra towels around the water lounge, so you have to keep requesting them (and the same staff member even asked, "are these yours?" and tried to hand us wet, used towels - we were appalled). Furthermore, they didn't tell us when our massage appointments would be, which was weird (they said, "we'll just come find you at some point in the water lounge and tell you it's time" - not very professional or organized). The WORST thing about Aire is that the massage tables aren't even in separate rooms (they are in a big room just separated by translucent curtains), which I thought was utterly classless. Also, because of the non-private setup, you can't take your clothes off, so you're massaged in your bathing suit. Really. And the massage was just okay; my masseur didn't listen to me when I told him my problem areas, and my friend got a female masseuse even though she requested a male. To add insult to injury, they told us after the massage that we had only 10 minutes left in the water lounge (hurry!!! relaxing, right?), and although we were the ONLY 2 patrons in the water lounge, the staff promptly kicked us out at the end of the 2-hour "session" (which included the time we spent undressing and the hour on the massage table, so there's not much time in the water lounge at all). The staff needs to be taught a lesson on how to pamper its guests; that is exactly what we are paying for. Nobody is going to hang out in the water lounge for three hours; we all have busy lives to live. They need to let their guests actually RELAX. Fortunately, the space is beautifully designed, so it does have some potential...maybe it'll be good if/when they address all these glaring issues. Until then, for the same $140, I'm sticking with massages at my old "regular spot", Great Jones Spa, who truly know how to treat their customers right.
I was in New York celebrating my 40th birthday with 2 of my best girlfriends.  I searched Yelp looking for a great spa experience.  Aire Ancient Baths caught my eye and we booked a few appointments.  I must say, it was absolutely heavenly! I will never visit New York again without a visit to the Baths.  The baths are in a wonderful old building.  They are beautifully remodeled.  We all had wonderful 45 minute massages and enjoyed all the baths.  It was just the right amount of time.  The ambiance is magical, the entire area being lit with candles. I felt like I was in another country or another time.   It was a wonderful, relaxing, quiet girls night and I look forward to also enjoying it during another trip with my husband or if I return to NYC alone.
This place is so so fantastic! Relaxing, not crowded, clean, friendly, it's pricey but it truly serves as a mini vacation...can't recommend it enough.
This is great if you are on a budget. If, however, you are used to full spa experiences, this is not the spot. Massages are given in a communal room with only a thin curtain between tables which are very close to one another. The room was freezing. My therapists hands would get cold when she would reach for oil. It was the opposite of relaxing. The baths are fine. Nothing special. Great Jones has a more traditional set up - with private treatment rooms! - plus you can hang out as long as you like and order food from their tasty cafe. It's more expensive but far more relaxing.
What a wonderful experience I had yesterday at the Ancient Bath spa. I was there for the 7:00pm time slot which was perfect after a busy day running around the city. It was so relaxing and the reception staff were friendly and helpful. I just loved all the different pools especially the salt water floating pool and the whirlpool and the steam room which is scented and my skin felt so soft after the 90 minutes of enjoying all thermal area. I am looking forward to my next visit.
My experience at Aire was pure bliss... Literally it was like stepping back into what I would imagine ancient times were like in the bath houses of Egypt, Greece, or Rome.  Upon descending into the bath house a sense of utter calm came over me and all the cares of the day, week, and month melted away.  The hushed voices of the patrons and staff immediately lull you into a calm space.  Along with the dim lighting and muted stone which are such nice contrasts from the garish streets of NYC.  I felt completely satiated from my time in the tepidarium which is just one of the various pools at Aire.  I also enjoyed the steam room with aromatic vapors.  A great massage topped off my experience.  One note re: the massage is you should be very clear about how much pressure you want and wear a black bathing suit if you have one.  My green bathing suit got a little stained from the massage oil and I felt the massage was a bit strong for my taste (my first time with a male masseuse).  Regardless, I'll definitely visit Aire again in the near future when I need to relax and melt away my cares...
Beautiful and relaxing.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Also, I really appreciated being able to book online.  I had a good experience with the place going on a weekday late afternoon.  I would say though that I can imagine it getting a little bit annoying at a busier time though because a few loud talkers really interfere with the whole tranquility thing.  Also to note, the massages take place in a common room which makes it a little more difficult to communicate with your therapist.  With those things in mind, I would definitely return.
Pretty bad customer service. First they gave me a broken key and kept me waiting around for half an hour when the attendant forgot to get me a new key. Then they had strict time limits about when you have to leave despite their screw up. Finally, I got a severe rash the next day after using their bacteria-infested 'soaking' pools. Rash still not gone 4 weeks later.
We went there yesterday to escape the coldness for a couple of hours and loved it. The 90 min are completely sufficient since the bathing experience is pretty intense. Just be sure to arrive about 15 min before your bath is scheduled, so that you have enough time to change beforehand. We also had a 30 min massage which was very recreational. I told them that they should particularly focus on my leg since I am a runner and they did an excellent job. My sister is a physical therapist and the massage came very close to what she usually does.
I give this place three and a half stars. Pros:   1.  My friend wanted to celebrate her Birthday in a relaxing way, and this activity was definitely relaxing.  A small group of us enjoyed the two-hour session, and the Birthday girl got a 30-minute massage.  She said it was very good. 2.  The ambiance is great. 3.  The place is clean, and the staff is very friendly. 4.  The blow dryers in the women's changing room are awesome!  I ordered one for myself as soon as I got home. Cons: It seemed that most staff didn't really know what they were doing, and the whole experience seemed a bit disorganized.   1.  After one employee gave us a tour, we had forgotten which pool she recommended we start with.  I asked another employee, and she cut me off mid-sentence by saying, "I am really new, but one of those ladies up there should be able to help you."  The ladies "up there" were quite far, and we didn't feel like walking all the way to the entrance to talk to them.  Besides, if she is the one working there, we would have thought that she would be professional enough to get one of the ladies to help us. 2.  After the session, we went to take showers.  There were no hooks in my shower, so I put my robe and towel on the hook right outside the shower stall.  I also put my bracelet, which also doubles as the key to your locker, inside the robe pocket.  Imagine my surprise when I came out of the shower to discover that  both my towel and robe were gone!  A very nice customer who was waiting for a shower stall to free up gave me her towel and got an employee to come help me.  Initially, I thought that another customer must have taken my robe and towel, but quickly realized that it was the employee herself.  When I explained that my locker key was inside my robe that was now missing, she went to the can full of dirty robes and started going through them one by one, looking for the key, which she eventually found.  After two more ladies got out of the showers, they were surprised to discover that their robes and towels were also missing!  This screw up was a a one-star deduction in my book. 3.  The shampoo container was empty in my shower stall.  Going to look for shampoo midway through my shower wasn't really an option, so I ended up leaving all that salt from the salt bath in my hair. This was another half-star deduction. Overall, though, we had a good time, and I wouldn't mind returning.
I felt that the whole salon had a disorganized feel to it rather than calming and subdued.  I felt that the locker room and bathrooms could be a tad bit cleaner.  The pools were nice but crowded but I did have an issue with the steam room.  The ceiling needs to be designed so that water does not drip onto people's skin.  It also had a damp mildewy smell to it rather than any aromatherapy scent.  The massage area was perhaps what I took greatest issue with - it was a communal massage area with no real privacy. There also seems to be major issues with some couples thinking the bath is a "bathhouse" where you can engage in sexualized behavior in the pools.  I think the management should publish some rules of conduct for guests.  Lastly, upon departure I was asked by the front desk to provide a tip.  When asked for change the front desk could not provide me with any and also could not provide me an envelope to place the tip into for the massage staff, they simply said, "we'll just add it on for them."  I don't know if they're pocketing the tips or if they are actually giving it to staff but some sort of envelope system would make me feel better and also would let staff know who issued the tip.
I've been here several times and have raved about it to all my friend. Unfortunately my last experience, yesterday, was so bad I left early, as did the friends who were there with me. The place was busier than I ever remember it but the real problem was that several of the other guests were yapping non stop and quite loudly. Where was the staff? What about keeping your voice to a whisper? A group of women stationed themselves at the larger pool, never moved from there and had themselves a good ol' pool party, laughing loudly and not shutting up for one second. In the end I just moved to the air jet pool where the sound from the bubbles blocked every other sound out.  I think Aire needs to decide what kind of place it wants to be. It started as a peaceful, relaxing, classy place but it looks like it's downgrading to a bar scene, with water instead of tables. I'll keep an eye on Yelp to see if it gets better before I try it again. What a shame.
Love this place. You feel like you are away from the City while in here. I went in the morning when there were less people. Staff is great, masseuse was also good. Great spa ambiance and you will definitely feel relax by the time you leave.
amazing. clean. don't tell anyone about it, just go yourself -- so it can stay our little secret.  not crowded, great service. i sincerely recommend
amazing, romantic, clean, relaxing...can't say enough good things...
BEST place to go to relax in the busy city. Beautiful, tranquil, serene... a hidden gem in TriBeCa. Highly recommend the bath circuit + 30 min massage.
I had high expectations as I had visited the location in Seville.  This is a nicer location (beautifully decorated, new and clean).  I went for the yoga offered on Thursday and Friday mornings (I believe the area accommodates up to 3 doing yoga).  The heat in the bath area allows deeper movements without being stifling hot. I happened to be the only one doing yoga so I had a private session. Anna the yoga teacher is truly gifted. It was a great experience and would recommend to others looking for a relaxing morning.  I just read a review of someone complaining for being asked to whisper (I happen to appreciate that they monitor the talkers).
loved  aire!!!
Wow. Wow. Wow!  Beautiful space, wonderful staff, very clean.  The massage was one of the best I have ever had.  Our stay was a little over 2 hours.  It included soaking in all the baths, steam room, tea and a 45 minute massage for a price of $125 each plus gratuity.  It is the best money I have spent in a long time.  The only thing you need to bring is your swim suit.  They provide lockers, a robe and slippers, that are essentially a low-cut sock with a rubber bottom so you don't slip.  You need to wear the slipper socks the whole time but I completely forgot that they were on.  When we had our massage, the therapist took off our socks and dried them before putting them back on.  Felt like heaven.  The staff quickly explained the different pools and then we were left alone.  We moved through a series of pools - warm to hot to cold to freezing and then started again. Don't chicken out of the cold pools, as you quickly accustom to it and it is a sense awakening experience.  We then went into the jacuzzi pool and steam room, which was scented with eucalyptus.  After that we had our massage.  Afterwards we went back to the steam room and then floated in the dead sea pool for what felt like an endless period of time.  Once our time was up we went into the changing rooms, where they have showers with shampoo and body wash, towels, hairdryers and moisturizer.  While showering, they ask that you hang your bathing suit over the top of the door.  They take your suit to dry it and put in a ziplock bag.  They limit the amount of people to 20 at a time but there were only 7 others and honestly I couldn't even tell you what they looked like, as I was too busy relaxing.
I can't say enough positive things about Aire, and how absolutely AMAZING it is. My cousin who lives in SoHo recommended Aire to me, and told me about there fantastic weekday prices. I do get massages frequently (and definitely was in the mood for some relaxation) however had never been to any type of bath house. Discovering their discounted weekday prices was fantastic, as many upscale spas in the city charge double what type of service I selected (without the use of a bath). Even their regular prices are definitely reasonable, and I absolutely plan on returning. From the moment I entered, the staff was attentive, informative, and efficient. I arrived early (as recommended) and was shown to the locker room, which was clean and spacious. Attendants were at every door, explaining the process and how the baths operate. After changing I was escorted downstairs to the baths, and an attendant showed me which baths to use first so my body could acclimate to the different temperatures. This made my experience easy and enjoyable, and I immediately felt comfortable and relaxed. After using the baths for a bit, I was introduced to my masseuse who was extraordinary. I had selected a 45 minute massage and this was the perfect amount of time. She asked for the areas I wanted her to concentrate on, and was gentle which is most important. I have had many massages and sometimes they have been too strong, but this was outstanding. You certainly get the luxury experience at Aire, and I am so glad I chose Aire over just another day spa. They truly think of everything, including having a dryer for your bathing suit, and I am already planning my next trip back!
PROS: -Beautiful space. CONS: -Pools: crowded, I calculated 30 people. -Massage: weak, pricey, communal rooms... -Customer service: inexistent. And rude. -Steam room: falling dangerous hot drops. -Restrooms and toilets: not clean. -Clientele: couples, thinking more in making out that relax themselves. 5 stars place with 1 star service. I would never go back.
The reviews are true. A recommendation. .. do not go solo like I did. It was awkward to be surrounded by couples all around. My time slot was 7-9pm I'd definitely go again with a friend or family member or maybe schedule and early slot.
I would have given them a five star if the staff in changing room were more responsible! The massage itself was brilliant the facility is very calming and clean! However when you are done with your experience and you are about to change they offer you to dry your bathing suit but no one did it for me and when i asked them they said yeah well you can do it yourself Over there! Of course i can do it, I'm a swimmer and i have zero problem with it but if you are not going to do it then don't offer Me to hang it behind the shower to get it dried for me! Also the staff were giggling with each other instead of helping the customers! But the rest was good! It would have been nice to put some fruit in the environment as well like many other A-level spas!
It was so romantic and the staff is so nice! We went for the earlier time slot to avoid the crowd. It was perfect! Great experience! Highly recommended.
Not worth the price.   Massage was eh.  I was being rubbed instead of massaged.   This is not a 5 star experience nor is it worthy of $200 for an hour massage plus use of the facilities.  You receive one towel and a bathrobe.  There are no additional towels in the changing room nor in the baths/steam room area.  There are no towels in the bathroom even.  Changing room is missing face moisturizer.   Limiting the time in the baths feels cheap.  Normally people have enough of soaking after 1 1/2  - 2 hours and would probably leave on their own but being cued to leave with bells and a staff member telling you it is time to go feels rushed and like the place is a factory.  Most spas charge for a massage and provide unlimited use of facilities.   The sort of halls from the lobby to the changing room and from the changing room to the baths are dumpy.  The staff was fumbling. The lobby is gorgeous and so is the baths area.  It is really a shame that the rest of the experience is not up to par.   I really wanted to love it.  I think that with better masseurs, staff, and a few tweaks it could be amazing.  Like I said the lobby and baths are absolutely gorgeous.
LOVE this place! came for the first time with a friend and thought it was such a hidden alcove in new york, we both felt like we were transported to somewhere outside the city. we had a massage then enjoyed the baths and our masseuses Ray and Derek were amazing. The baths were so enjoyable and relaxing and I left feeling so rejuvenated and relaxed. I can barely think of a complaint but if anything maybe the ladies bathrooms and changing rooms can be fixed up a bit? Loved the loccitanne shampoo and conditioner in the showers! Otherwise, this place was amazing and I cannot wait to frequent here several times a year. Namaste!
This place is absolutely incredible. I will say that I did NOT get a massage, but I did spend 2 hours in what I would call one of the most beautiful bath houses ever. The spa is absolutely remarkable and ill definitely be back!
I can only do three stars for the coolness factor. This space is absolutely beautiful. They turned a basement into a serenity filled, exposed brick, pool wonderland. Everything from the lobby to the locker rooms is top of the line. It's basically the coolest looking place I have been to in years. I checked in on a Saturday afternoon. I was there 15 minutes early as requested, but still had to wait for 15 minutes. Okay, no big. I was ushered into the locker room, explained their process and told to change into my bathing suit (which you should bring! Don't go without a suit!), a robe and "water shoes" provided by Aire. I locked up my things and had the very sweet and nice attendant usher me into the back. I was led out to a landing on a metal staircase. I couldn't see the baths yet, but was excited. After three different people checked my name, I was told I could enjoy the baths and someone would find me for my hour long massage I had booked. Another attendant took me down the stairs where you have this completely overwhelming view of this incredible sanctuary. My attendant walked me around to the different pools, explaining the temperature, but not much else. I thought there were reasons for each pool being a different temperature, but none of that was explained. It didn't matter because I love stuff like this and the prettier the space, the better. I found an empty hook for my robe and descended into one of the pools. Oh, and you have to wear your water shoes at all time. This is very, very weird and you think you look like a moron, but everyone is doing it, and it keeps you from slipping on the soaking wet stone floors. The ONLY lighting is candles. They are everywhere. There are tons of nooks and crannies in the bricks with little votives. In the first pool I tried, there were areas cut out to create a sort of individual lounge chair. It was really very relaxing. I walked around to another pool, this one was more similar to a hot tub, with jets and a higher temperature. I liked it. I put my head back and started to just completely chill out when someone came over and said "Lauren? We are ready for you." I exited the pool and had to go retrieve my robe. I followed the attendant to my waiting masseuse. He introduced himself and took me into a room on the landing of the entry stairs. Here is where things got weird. It was a long room with maybe six or 8 massage beds. I have never had a massage in a group setting before, so I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I was surprised this wasn't mentioned upon booking. There wasn't even a curtain between clients. But now I am here and in my bathing suit and I wasn't leaving. So I went behind this curtained changing room and took off my wet suit. There was nowhere to hang my suit or robe, so I just sort of layed them on a false windowsill. On one side were these faux windows and on the other? A large plateglass window looking out over the baths. So basically everyone could see me? I didn't know what to make of this. The view is so nice, but I am being massaged, not looking at it! My massage was okay, nothing special. He was very aggressive and didn't exactly listen to what areas I wanted to target, but I just kept telling myself to relax. I didn't want to talk with my masseuse about this for fear of disturbing the other people being massaged next to me. At the end of the massage, they hurry you off the table, but as a nice touch, they have warmed (NOT dried, but warmed) your bathing suit and water slippers. When I was finished, I was escorted back into the baths, where I spent the next 45 minutes to an hour going from bath to bath and sitting in the sauna. The weighless saltwater bath is pretty cool, as is the super hot one. I do wish I had gone with friends, as couples and small groups of friends were quietly chatting together and I knew I would have stayed longer and enjoyed it more with company. Personal preference I suppose. On my way out, I was changing in the locker rooms and jumped in the shower. The first two showers I tried had broken or empty shampoo and conditioner. When I went to change and turn in my robe and towel, a huge party of women showed up, laughing and yelling and it sort of ruined my mellow. When I went to pay at the front desk, I asked if people are loud in the baths, do they remove them if they won't quiet down. The attendant was nice but not convincing when she said a tentative "yes". Hmm. I would hate to spend another $200 to have it be loud and crazy while I am trying to relax. I gave all three stars for the gorgeous baths. Really something to see. Don't get a massage unless you like what I have described. I think the pricing is a little expensive for what you get. Not sure I would go back without a friend - but I will say you should go see it. You know, just to say you did.
The Bf took me here for my birthday a few days ago and I loved it! Couples massage while they had a live band in the background. Loved the salted pool, very relaxing. Definitely recommend going on a Tuesday or Friday night when they have musicians playing the violin while you relax. Will definitely go back! Had a great time!
Special place and very very unique particularly in NYC where space is at a premium Quality massage and body work with a pretty consistent staff of excellent therapists The baths themselves are outstanding and diverse as far as temperatures and options. Make sure to bring your own swimsuit as their selection is limited and well worn Negatives Massages are often done in "communal" rooms and you will be separated by a thin curtain from client next to you. Price point to medium to high
Ultimate relaxation. Top 5 favorite places in NYC. Dead Sea pool is my favorite. All products provided in the locker room for conveniently getting ready for the baths as well as for leaving the place looking fresh. I recommend this place to everyone!!
This is hands down the most beautiful bath house I have ever been to. AIRE takes me away from the hustle and bustle of the Big Apple and transports me into what I would imagine the ancient Roman bath houses were like... The ladies at reception are very sweet and professional - they checked my significant other and I quickly. The facility is immaculate and the service is very kind and hospitable. My boyfriend surprised me with this for MDW for a little R&R while everyone was on the beach. I'm not gonna lie it was very crowded in the waiting room - but they make sure that only a few people (roughly 12) can enter the baths in a session. IThe ladies changing room has every time of amenity I could think of that a woman would need! (i.e. blowdryers, combs, brushes, makeup wipes, and flat irons) Although this place is very beautiful and definitely a luxe fun experience there are a couple of tips/words of advice that I would recommend you do. Here's some tips: - I came here with my boyfriend and i DON'T suggest you come to this place with a person who isn't your significant other. ESPECIALLY if you come here with a family member...There are couples making out left and right and this can be awkward for a lot of people - Make sure you get your massages done first if you do the add-on massage. They WILL forget you otherwise. - The smoothies suck so avoid getting them! Otherwise a 5 Star experience. Will come back again!
Completely amazing! I went with a friend for a 90min bath session, and loved every minute!  We did a rotation of the tepid bath, hot bath, cold plunge, sauna, then finished in the salt bath and completed that about 3-4 times during our session.   My favorites were the steam room w/ Eucalyptus and the salt bath, which was fantastic.   The cold plunge was scary at first (57 degrees!), but it felt great! The hot tub w/ the jets was a little aggressive for my liking, so I opted out of this one. Just a couple of comments: -could use better A/C in the changing rooms, it got a little warm & humid in there -lemon and/or fruit water outside of the steam room would be delightful, the ice water was refreshing but the added fruit would be a bonus! -a restroom down by the baths would be more convenient, I had to keep walking up the stairs to the changing room None of these things will prevent me from going back, it was truly AMAZING!  I have never felt more relaxed, I can't wait to book my next appt.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.  Talk about getting transported...When I was here, I didn't even feel like I was in New York.  They do an amazing job setting the mood. They have an awesome facility.  There are lots of pools to suit all your needs before and after your treatments.  Also, you don't have to worry about missing your treatment or being late to it because the people are great and finding you.  It's a very tranquil and relaxing environment and because the space is SO HUGE, having other people around doesn't really affect your experience.   The pools that they have are wonderful.  My favorite was the salt or floating pool.  It's so serene and relaxing.  It really calms your mind. Their massages are good, but they are in a communal room, so a few other people are having massages in the same room as you.  The masseuse I had also didn't really explain to me what she was doing or really give me time to go to the changing room to remove my top which made me feel really self conscious. All in all though, I had an great experience and I felt like a new person when I came out.  For the massage and the spa experience, I don't think it's over priced.  There are plenty of places that charge the same prices just for the massage.  I'd recommend this place for sure.
I had originally booked a nighttime session for Valentine's Day with my partner, who was convinced I was dragging him to a hyped-up bath. There are few things that relaxes me a like a long soak, and I try to visit whatever iteration of a bathhouse I can during my travels; from Jordan to Japan, Aire ranks pretty darn high in terms of awesomeness. The Tribeca spot is a real escape from the city, especially during the winter. It is immaculately clean, beautifully lit by candles (I tend to be unreasonably suspicious of ~Oriental~  themed anything, but the space was renovated in good taste), and spacious. The bathhouse is in a subterranean space with soft music of curious origin typical of spas (my boyfriend and I aptly called it the "appropriation flute music"). There are multiple baths of varying temperatures ensuring that you and your senses never get bored. My favorite is by far the salt bath for both its novel buoyancy and healing properties. I've never included a massage, as I far prefer mine to be restorative over relaxing and the baths themselves are enough to keep me entertained for two hours. Overall, the space and experience are romantic and tranquil. Definitely a nice break from city bustle.
Beautiful! I'm a little squirmish about entering a public bath with a bunch of strangers but this place puts your mind at ease. For all you fellow clean-freaks, this place is spotless and beautifully lit by candles. From the start they transport you from the gritty streets of New York to a mystical underground bath-house in Turkey (I would know - I've been to them!) I went with my bf on a Sunday and we each got  a 30 minute massage in addition to our bath time. We had a great time, and it still felt intimate, romantic and isolated even though there were other people there. I will say the massage was just okay. They led us upstairs and made us wait for 15 minutes while they chatted which was kind of weird because we could have waited in the baths, and then our service was done with the doors open so we heard all of the other staff-members talking and moving around - not the most relaxing but still felt great. We also saw some people with delicious looking drinks and wished we had been given a menu from the start (by the time we saw the other guests, our session was almost over.) Overall a really nice and relaxing experience and I'll be back (although maybe skip the massage part).
I am still in heaven. This place is like a dream world. This and Setai on Wall St. are my favorite spas now. Very beautiful, lovely music, romantic, hundreds of candles. The staff was great, the massage was decent. My one tip would be to enforce the whispering rule more since the sound echos and we had some bros who were yelling...kinda killed the ambiance for a bit and was annoying that we had to ask someone to remind them of the whispering rule.
My boyfriend and is spent a luxurious evening here last week and it was absolutely wonderful. The space is tranquil and brings you to a nice Spanish bath atmosphere, complimented by the Moroccan hot tea and some wonderfully refreshing juice. There are a bunch of baths: a hot bath, a tepid bath, a salt bath to float in, a bubbly hot-tub and some ice cold water that I stayed away from. There are massages too! Time drifts away here, with no watch and no clocks you become totally relaxed by the one it is over and you are charged up to face the outside world of NYC.
READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS BEFORE GOING ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE BOOKED A MASSAGE. Like others have mentioned in the positive reviews, the baths are amazing and a great experience. I brought four friends there for my birthday on 7/5/14 and was very disappointed with the massage experience specifically. As the negative reviews state, the massages are not good, for the following reasons: 1. 60 minute massage is approx $175, which is a lot for NY 2. The masseuse I had was a masseuse NOT a massage therapist. Started the massage on my leg, which never happens. Massage is more like a rub down. 3. Like another reviewer, I felt the male masseuse came a little too close a few times to my groin which never happens with a licensed massage therapist and isn't relaxing. 4. Called the next day to complain about the massage and never heard back from the manager.   Would not return due to the massage experience which is too bad because the baths are amazing.
This spa has a very unique ambience.  It is sexy, dark, and they have "mood" music playing for a lack of a better way to describe it. I think my favorite bath is the whirlpool saltwater one.  They have two salt ones and yes, you can float in them.  I dunked my head in one and it reminded me of the Costa Rican surf, with the warmth and saltiness of the water and made me wish I was there. I came on a Monday after a holiday weekend to avoid the crowds.  When I came there were about 10 people there (two sets of couples, a mom and daughter combo, two random single guys, a sleeping woman and me).  I would definitely *not* come here with family.  At one point, I was doggy paddling and doing laps (why not?) in the room temperature pool for fun and ran into this couple in the corner and it looked like they were in the middle of something and I am *not* talking about just making out.  Really, too much.   They also have two ice cold pools and low and behold I tried over and over again to dunk myself in them but got as far as half-way in.  I actually saw all but one guy fail in their attempts to get in that ice water.  I liked the steam room as well and they had metal bowls of cold water you can spill all over yourself or another person and I saw one woman on all fours having that done to her.  Like I said, this place is really for couples, or I suppose voyeurs. I just did the thermal baths and opted not to get a massage, but I did get bored and ended up leaving after about an hour (including the rainfall shower afterwards).  I did appreciate the cloth socks they make you wear even in the baths (that seemed hygienic) and this may have been my favorite part, but they actually air dry your bathing suit for you here with this machine and put it in a plastic bag.  No other spa does that the city over.  The wet bathing suit at the end is such a nuisance at the end of the day and you people have solved it.  Really, that put me over the moon.  Dry, hygienic, and bagged.  Wow. I must say though, as far as the L'Occitane products, I have used and use them.  The essential oils are usually strong and they are concentrated products.  The ones here seemed watered down or the kind made for hotels or something.  The conditioner was too weak.  Something was off about them. The towels were rough and they only give you one.  I don't like it when I can see things are being skimped on.  There should have been an extra pile of fresh towels by the showers and/or vanity areas.  And fresh cloth slippers for after your shower and when you are freshening up in the vanity area.
This place is so beautiful and relaxing!  I highly suggest it for a special date night for couples or to have some time with yourself.  There are a range of baths and the place feels like a monastery with candles everywhere.  You will come out spiritually renewed!
To be honest, from a professional stand point, what they advertise to be and what they are are completely different. I got a certificate from my mother (groupon I think) I got walked into the lockeroom, and I will say the entire facility is very nice, but thats what they rely on. You aren't swiped away by any means. My experience was fun but not relaxing. When u advertise aromatherapy baths, somewhere between the 6 temperature baths and steam room, you might want to involve aromatherapy scents, somewhere. And to be honest the baths werent that great. I felt that this place was trying to take Vegas spas and transport it to new york in a tiny space. I tripped over candles, for about 20 minutes I was confused about the baths and lay out. I believe that they really need to information their customer ahead of time of everything, it's like walking into a dark basement of a warehouse to explore cave pools, your confused, your lost and ur not sure if what your doing is ok aka policy. The best part was my massage by iadia, (spelling) she was good, though your massage is a communal experience. I rather just go into the Turkish baths in the EV, the experience there is genuine and real, this, it basically is trying to wow u over facilities but really don't give a shit about u. I can see giving this as a novelty gift to visitors In New York or friends, but it's def just a one time experience, nothing to experience unless u just like nice decor. I will not be returning, I even left my apt early cause I felt like I've experience better, rather spent my time else where, even a bar I would enjoy more. Sorry but it's the truth.
With all the good ratings I would think they would have better customer service. I guess the spa needs to hire new receptionists.  because I called earlier to book a spa treatment, I had to call about three times before I finally got through & when I did the receptionist then hung up on me and didn't even have the decency to call back and I had I given her my number prior. Not very welcoming at all and I haven't even went to the spa yet. So as beautiful as a spa may look I guess I will be going somewhere else for my spa day because customer service is everything.
So relaxing. .. loved the different pools, great aesthetic. The changing room girl wasnt very friendly or polished,  so I'd definitely suggest hiring better staff. Otherwise, it was a nice place for a date. Still not as good as Gurney's Inn in Montauk, but certainly one of the better day spas in nyc.
I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to relax in NYC. Very relaxing atmosphere and great service. The massages were amazing!! I will definitely be coming back.
The BF took me here as a gift. It made for a delightful afternoon of being very relaxed. You make reservations for two hour slots of times. They escort you into the dressing room, where you change and put on a robe and booties and then are taken to the pools. There are several all in different temperatures. You move from one bath to the next. The most enjoyable one for me was the salt water bath. One just relaxes and let all your stress float away. After the nearly two hours, I was relaxed and felt the time was perfect. They ring a bell and you're asked to collect your things and move to the dressing rooms again. There are large showers (very clean) with very luxurious bath products. Also, hair dryers and other items as needed are available for use. I would certainly go back.
I just went to Aire for the first time last week and this place is A-MAZING! The staff is incredibly friendly and genuinely want you to enjoy yourself. I really liked how there was someone to walk you down to the baths and give you an overview of the different types available. The saltwater bath was my favorite and I probably spent the most time in there. My skin felt pretty amazing after. Once I was finished, the woman working in the locker room gave my a comb for my hair and offered to dry my suit. Such a great spot. Can't wait to go back!
My boyfriend and I recently went to Aire and had an amazing experience. The atmosphere was beyond perfect and extremely relaxing and the staff was friendly. I will definitely be going back here on all of my future trips to NYC.
Wow...I recently went for a second time a little over a year after my first visit. the service has dropped off rather severely, the place was far from immaculate or great smelling, and maybe most importantly for a bathhouse literally none of the water was remotely hot at all. Barely warm in one tub and literally tepid in the others. Even the steam room which I'd really enjoyed on my first visit was not fresh smelling nor was it satisfyingly hot. I'm hugely disappointed. This place is just right up my alley--the type of thing I generally love, but it just falls way way short. The look is still five stars but every other aspect: service, cleanliness, etc is about one star across the board.
My boyfriend (he's such a keeper!) brought me here for a birthday surprise, and I was thoroughly surprised/pampered from the thermal pool + massage session. I snuck a peek at some of the yelp pictures before we were granted access to the spa pools (too impatient and couldn't resist!), and it looked exactly like the pictures. Loved the ambiance -- the dimly lit candles created a romantic and mystical haven that transported us outside the hustle & bustle of New York. The facilities are immaculately clean, and the staff did a great job of schooling us on the various pools and amenities available. My favourite pool, like many of the previous yelpers, was the floatarium (salt pool), where you can float aimlessly. My boyfriend loved the recommended cold-dunk-to-hot-pool experience. We also enjoyed the Tepidarium as it had a number of nooks and crannies for us to indulge in some privacy (and kisses!). Which reminds me, this spot is definitely ideal for couples. I personally would not want to come solo, as I'd feel like the ultimate xth-wheel... The only "major" mishap was that they seemed to have forgotten about our massage. I didn't mind the extra time in the pools (we went past the allotted session), but it wasn't great feeling like they had forgotten about us. The method of finding the couples within the spa lends itself to disorganization, in my opinion, so they really need to figure out a better way of getting this done.Other minor complaints I had were: - The masseuse never asked me how much pressure I preferred for the massage and/or if there were any trouble areas I wanted him to target. I think this was a one-off situation though, as my boyfriend and his masseuse were in constant communication re his massage. In the end it didn't matter, as he put me to sleep like a baby. - Hot water droplets drip on you in the steam room due to condensation. Not the fault of Aire though, as I feel there is no getting around this one... but future yelpers beware! - The water in the caldarium (hot) pool could be hotter, but that's also just a personal preference. Per the website, the pool is at 102'F... which makes me curious as to how hot my morning showers at home get. Despite any and all complaints I wrote about above, the Aire Ancient Bath experience is still worth a 5-star rating. As the girlfriend recipient, I encourage all boyfriends out there to treat their girls to a mini spa-cation here... she'll love the R&R afforded by this oasis in NYC!
Overall, a wonderful experience. Highlights and areas of improvement: Impeccably clean Warm and friendly staff (esp. locker room attendants) Tranquil environment (salt flotation pool was best) The air dryer touch/ziplock bag for wet swimsuits is excellent Needs: -Bit confusing about use of thermal baths for 90 min when you book a service in the 2-hour block (call ahead for clarification). Though def felt like 60 min was plenty of time. -Smoothie/light snack bar to purchase? Saw some drinking what looked like a smoothie but I didn't know this was an option -Toilet seat paper covers -Hair gel or spray -Better shampoo conditioner (whatever was in showers was extremely drying) -Jacuzzi tub wasn't warm enough and a bit aggressive
Exactly what I was looking for - an Arabic environment to take me away from the city. The spa is absolutely gorgeous, the baths are so relaxing and i really appreciate they limit the guests so you can have your own private spaces. My masseuse was heavenly and I had the best sleep ever after last nights luxe experience.   The only things I would change is 1)the girls working there as nice as they are, should whisper when talking to eachother- it took a bit out of my initial experience to hear them blabbing loudly together about work stuff inside the spa. Usually spa/salons/ luxury establishments keep the voice low and calm but hey, it's New York I guess. 2) annoying mandatory spa shoes that keep falling off when I walk . 3)cheap toiletries. Really, softsoap from the 99c store? I expect something more natural. My bf said the men's hair gel was also a gooopy cheap product and the razors were 2 blades.  Highly recommend management to upgrade these things to add to the whole experience .
Basically the luxury version of spa castle minus the hasids and annoying children.   I had an amazing time here even though it cost me a pretty penny.  I've been to a good number of spas in NYC in the past year, but this one definitely takes the cake.  Don't listen to the haters.  One of the most amazing four handed massages of my life.  Great for threesomes!
I have never Yelped before and this experience needed a Yelp from me. To begin, this was a surprise birthday gift from my boyfriend. The package he booked was the thermal bath + aromatherapy + 15mins couples massage + extra time. Locating Aire was fairly simple. We took the 1 train, got off at Franklin street and went left for about 2-3 blocks and Aire was there on the left. I also noticed a parking garage (Icon Parking I believe) by the train station for those interested in driving in. The exterior of Aire suits the atmosphere. My boyfriend and I got there a an hour before our booked time slot, however we were entertained immediately. While waiting, there was tea and water accessible to us. After signing the consent forms, and receiving our bands (different according to the package purchased as well as a locker band), my boyfriend and I parted our ways to our designated locker rooms. I was greeted by a staff member who explained what each bracelet meant, how to use the locker rooms, and where everything was. She was very friendly and welcoming. After changing into my bathing suit, I exited and met up with the boyfriend. We were then taken to the bathing area where the staff member toured us around and explained what each bath was, the temperatures, and any recommendations. There are hooks for robes around the bathing area which are convenient. The atmosphere of the bathing area was absolutely relaxing! The room was lit with candles and the music completely suited the ambiance. Even though other people were there, it felt as though we were by ourselves. Towards the end of our session, we were called by a staff member for our couples massage. We were escorted to private rooms on the side of the baths. Before the session, my masseuse asked my problem areas and she definitely took it to consideration. It was AMAZING! After the massage session, we had another 15mins or so to relax then our time was up. The showers are fully equip with L'occitane shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel. The locker rooms have a bathing suit dryer with zip lock bags to store your bathing suit, a hair dryer, L'occitane lotion and spray deodorant. The only inconvenient thing I can think of is that the bathrooms are only in the locker rooms which are located upstairs from the bathing area. Other than that..... It was a complete get-away from the real world. Absolutely recommend!!!!!!!!!!! Best 3 hours of my life!! :D Definitely going back!
Booked a 2 hour package for my boyfriend and I on Sunday 10/05/14 to kick off our one year anniversary. We arrived at 11am and were greeted warmly by all the staff. The space is gorgeous from the moment you walk in. The changing a rooms/lockers are clean, modern and well equipped. Draped in robes we were escorted downstairs to the baths. Candles everywhere, brick, timber and sparkling pools with Carrara marble slabs glistened under the candlelight. Quiet, serene, tranquil. Hot, warm and frigid pools beckoned us. The large jacuzzi was fun, but the floatarium was our favorite. Definitely stop in the steam room before plunging into the artic-cold pools.  After an hour relaxing together, we were led to our couples massage. Both were amazing and totally relaxing. We left at 1:45pm feeling competing rejuvenated. This is a must respite when running around the city. Trust me, we are picky and this place was first class all the way. Ty!
There is nothing more relaxing than taking a hot, quiet, serene bath.  The bath itself can be improved with subtle candlelit mood lighting and soft zenful music.  This is just what a girl needs after a long day. . . Sadly the bathtub in my apartment does not allow even a petite 5'2" lady such as myself to fully stretch out and too many times am I interrupted at my apartment complex jacuzzi tub by loud foreign old ppl or loud balls of energy children.  I love my neighbors, I really do.  Just not when I'm trying to relax!! Thank goodness for the existence of bathhouses such as Aire Ancient Baths!! Such a bath is not only perfect for a long day/week but also after a jam packed busy Manhattan weekend vacation.  We booked our reservations online with availability from 9 am to 9 pm appointment slots.  We decided to go with 9 pm to relax after our early dinner for our last night on this particular visit to NYC.  No crazy club action to make us dehydrated the next day, no hectic rush to get to a show on time in NY traffic.  We just wanted to wind down the weekend with a nice relaxing bath. Upon checking in, you are given a bracelet for your locker and an additional one if you book a massage (of course we did :-).  You are then shown to your respective locker rooms where you are asked to change into a bathing suit.  The bathhouse is coed so bathing suits are absolutely required.  The website states that one can be loaned but really, really, do you want a loaned bathing suit??  It's like asking to borrow someone's underwear. . .  Just come prepared so you and your germaphobic self can fully relax. After we changed we were guided to the pool area where we were given a brief tour - the jacuzzi tub, two hot pools of different temperatures, two cold pools of different temperatures and a floating salt pool - all softly lighted with tea candles.  Some steam rooms and showers to rinse off.  We were also informed that someone will come get us when the time came for our massage. I did not see a warning for the floating salt pool so I will give it to you now.  If you have any cuts, sun burns, or any compromise in your dermal layers avoid this pool.  You will literally and actually be soaking your wounds in salt water!! As for our massage, suffice to say that I cannot describe it because I slipped into a blissful coma right there on the massage table.  Was it the talented hands of my masseuse or was I so relaxed from the baths already?  It could even that I finally gave into the exhaustion from running around NYC. . . We may never know!! I am inspired to try to end all my trips with a bathhouse in a feeble attempt to ward off the feelings of needing a "vacation from my vacation".  I probably also need to visit the local bathhouse more regularly. . . If it wasn't so far!!  Anyway Aire Ancient Baths will be my go to place for NYC.
You can walk by here dozens of times without any clue as to what it is. But once inside, and through the locker rooms it's a nice retreat. Within a couple minutes you'd have no idea that you are still in ny. Pools - The pool selection is nice and varies in temperature, size and type (fresh/salt/bubble). Steam Room - Would also note that the  steam room is well done. It's in the middle of the facility and pretty hot, unless you decide to be adventurous and step up the top section (crazy hot). Drinks - Their smoothie bar is the perfect complement and end to the session. Not exactly sure why you can't bring to the pool area since not glass, but the berry mixes are worth the price. Massages - Only complaint. The therapists don't listen to target areas or those to avoid. Barely a feather touch and you are in hand-holding distance from strangers (no dividers). Best part is they asked if I wanted to strip from my bathing suit with a stranger in the room. All in, it's an incredibly well done basement as long as you are ok overpaying a little and definitely not getting a massage. Definitely need to be in the mood though, and probably not a bad date spot.
I got a ritual from this spa as a birthday gift. RED WINE RITUAL $550 + tax.. O_O Length: 210 minutes (total treatment time Red wine soak (30 minutes) + 1 bottle of red wine + Four-handed Red Wine massage (90 minutes) Overall it was an okay experience. As soon as you walk in, you are greeted and brought to the women's locker room. The locker room is very dark, clean, and modern yet have rustic touches. Still not that impressive. I had some high expectations because of the price tag of the ritual. Once you get into your rob and head to the tubs, you are escorted by your personal tour guide. My tour guide's name was Noelle, he seemed nervous, a bit amateur. The best part of this package was the tub/pool/steam room area. The Ambiance was great. it really felt like I was in a Mediterranean ancient spa. The customers were all very young, and all coupled up. I guess it is known for a romantic spa in NY. At some points, I felt a little uncomfortable because some of couple were making out in some corners of the tubs... yikes. Pools: they had a bubbling pool- lukewarm temperature. but it was so deep I could sit comfortably because the water was getting into my mouth. hot pool- which wasn't that hot. ice pool- with floating big ice cubes (cool) steam room - in the center with clear walls salt pool- aka floating pool-- favorite pool of them all, because of the high level of salt in the water, you were able to float very easily and just relax to clear your mind. the wine bath was awesome. I have my own private room, with my own bottle of wine, and a hot tub big enough for 2 people filled with wine to soak in for 30 minutes. Then attached to the private room, was my massage room. also big enough for two people. The massage was a 4 handed massage, so it was interesting. the pressure points from the two people were different so I had to constantly comment to try to even out the pressure. overall... it wasn't that great. After the massage I was able to spend as much time as I wanted inside the pool/tub area. I wouldn't pay to go back again. but it was a good experience to have and to be able to say I soaked in a tub of wine :)
Luxurious and relaxing. Came here for a 90 min bath session and enjoyed every second of it. Definitely recommend this for a couples activity, you will not be disappointed. Personally, I enjoy going in the winter to warm up from the outdoors. Gift cards available and you should definitely book in advance!
Hands down, AIRE is so visually stunning that it puts the ambience of other spas to shame. Danielle checked us in and she was a total sweetheart! I'm torn that I can't give this beautiful place 5 stars and here are the reasons why: 1. I took my mom here for her birthday. BIG MISTAKE. There were couples around us making out everywhere & getting to 2nd base. Awkward to the max! 2. My massage was amazing UNTIL my male masseuse was spending a little too much time on my derriere. Also, while he was massaging my inner thighs his fingers touched the outer regions of my vagina. I'm not sure if it was by accident (probably not because the finger to vagina contact happened at least 4 times). I've gotten many massages and this was the first time this has ever happened. 3. I wish the steam room in the middle would hold more people. The people inside were laying down (which then could only fit 2-3 people max). Plus, they didn't seem to leave so we didn't get to experience it. For us to constantly check to see if there was a spot available was just un-relaxing. Man, these reasons make me sound like a prude. However, for the amount I paid for these 2 hours were not worth the levels of discomfort that were experienced. This is by no means the fault of the business as a whole. I guess human nature got in the way of what would have been one of the best places that I've ever been to. Bummer.
Back in 2007, I found myself in between jobs with no significant other, no immediate plans for the future and some money saved up. I decided to do a little backpacking through Europe. During my travels, I spent some time in Granada, Spain. It was there that I first discovered the bathhouse. I emerged from that three hour experience relaxed, rejuvenated, and in love with life. I returned to NY and forgot about that glorious experience, certain that it would never happen again. Fast forward to last year, when I learned that Soho would be getting its own bathhouse. Brian and I made reservations. My brother and his fiancé were so intrigued, they decided to tag along. The rest, as they say, was history. The pictures, gorgeous as they are, don't do Aire justice. When you walk in, you're greeted by plush couches, dim lighting and soft, ambient music. You're asked to fill out a brief questionnaire to ensure that you have no medical conditions that will preclude you from using the baths, and given a wristband (two, if you're also getting massages). Shortly thereafter, you're escorted into a changing area. There, you select a locker, which is filled with a robe and slippers. After changing into bathing suits and putting on the slippers (they are required footwear in the bathhouse, meant to prevent you from slipping on the wet surfaces) you walk out another door and are greeted by some staff who confirm your reservation and proceed to give you the tour. You walk down a flight of stairs illuminated by candles. To the left is the "Floatarium", a 95 degree salt water bath. To the right is a jacuzzi, followed by a row of concealed massage rooms. In the center of the room is the steam room (you'll get the brunt of the steam if you sit in the middle of the rooms, but sitting on the sides makes it a little more bearable). To the left of the steam room is a seating area with small tables, each holding pitchers of ice water and pots of herbal tea. Walk past the seating area and you'll see a few showers (for rinsing off, especially before the massage), two "Frigidarium" pools (50 and 57 degrees respectively - they're cold as S*** ... seriously, you'll see huge friggin blocks of ice floating in them!). The 103 degree "Caldarium" pool is on the right and covering the whole back is the 97 degree Tepidarium. The actual temperatures sound frighteningly hot, but don't feel nearly that bad (which, to mimic another Yelper's review, makes me seriously question what temperature my baths and showers are at  home). If you've purchased a massage, at some point during your 2 hours, you'll be approached by a staff member to get your massage. My first masseur was a little bit invasive, getting a little too close to my lady parts for comfort. But the massage I had on my most recent visit with my mom was perfect. And my mother, who never allows herself to relax, was in heaven the whole time. As we walked back to the changing rooms at the end of our visit, we both felt so tranquil and calm. The bathrooms are fully equipped to get you ready if you have plans after the bathhouse: showers, blow dryers, flat irons, bathing suit dryer. This is a perfect gift or excursion for any reason or no reason at all. I love Aire!
Such a gorgeous gorgeous spa with multiple pools and a steam room in different temperatures. My hubby took me here for my birthday and it was like being in Rome. Everything is lit by candle light setting off a romantic vibe. After enjoying the facility, a massage tops off the experience. I loved the Loccitane products and sweet tea that they provided. The only thing that I didn't care for was the employees conversation in the locker  room. Thanks hubby!!!
This was my first time at Aire. Overall i had a great experience but there were a few disappointments. The decor and ambience of Aire is beautiful and very relaxing. I bought a deal on Gilt which also included a 20 minute massage. Upon arriving I asked if the massage is separate from the two hours and was explained that it is not. I was fine with this but I would have been disappointed if I had a 60 minute massage bc then it only leaves you with an hour to experience all of the baths. This does not seem like enough time to really enjoy. A few things to be improved on: The space in itself was cold. Walking around from pool to pool being wet I would have liked it a little bit warmer. I expected the pools to also be warmer. When first entering each pool they were warm but after a few minutes this goes away. Their system of "finding" you when its time for your massage is just plain retarded and quite disruptive. I was asked four different times from the staff if I was getting a 60 minute massage. Each time I said no bc we were getting 20 min massages. Finally  after one of the girls had already asked us she came by again staring at us then asked us again. And told us she was looking for us. Hello you just asked me 5 minutes ago and walked away. It would be better if they scheduled you for a certain time and told people to be there at that time. Thos way you are not disrupting people. Simple as that. Lastly which is not that big of a deal was the massage. I was given a male and my husband a female. I usually prefer a female but didn't really have a choice. It would be nice if they ask your preference upon booking. I probably will be back but only for the baths. The fact that the massage cuts into your bath time is not worth it to me.
Great set up with the different spas 2 stars for noise and clean up. 1. Told staff twice about the groups that was quite loud. They did nothing it seems but increase the background music. 2. The staff should go around to pick up the plastic cups in the steam room and have accessible towels in the common areas. Didn't find any to dry myself off after each dip into the pools and showers. I think this place could be a 4 star if they were very strict with the noise policy. Otherwise it will be a hit or miss for anyone entering to relax if groups come to chat. Massages: more like a rub down then an actual massage. Not worth the money, no real privacy, & if any parties come in the noise is such a distraction that you wont enjoy the massage. I would suggest going elsewhere for a massage. But if you want to lounge, its a very chill place.
Extremely disappointing. I went for my birthday, and scheduled a 30 minute massage in addition to the pool time. (For context, I went to the Mandarin Oriental at TWC last year, which I highly recommend.) This was one of the most non-relaxing spa experiences I have had. The pools were noisy (there is no concept of "inside voice" or "silence" in the "relaxation area") and crowded (there was a couple about 5 feet from me groping each other in the pool I was in), and the entire area lacked privacy (I could hear talking and laughing when I was getting my massage, which were all basically given behind curtains right in the pool area). No attention to detail either: trash bins were over flowing, no towels in the pool area despite it being a pool, no water given following the massage. Overall, while the massage was adequate, the experience was lacking. I likely won't be back.
Its been a while since I visited AIRE and it felt great during this extreme cold spell.  I also tried one of their juices and had a short 20 minute massage this time. I really like the atmosphere. The lighting and music is very relaxing and It was not crowded and there were no kids running around.  The same therapeutic pools are there... my favorite are the floatarium and caldarium.  I like the Roman inspired theme.  I was hoping they would have added something new, but everything was the same as last time. I got a juice... Orange and Guava.  I thought that it tasted like a tropicana or minute made type of juice.  I don't understand why they charge so much for these juices since they are nothing out of the ordinary.  When I'm paying over a hundred dollars for a spa service, I expect them to up the ante on little things like this. My massage therapist was Virgil and he did an amazing job given the short amount of time.  I wasn't expecting the massage to be that great given the other reviewers here mentioning not so good things about the massage.  Virgil used great pressure and his style flowed (He could have talked less during session, though).  I also liked how Virgil heated my water shoes so when he put them back on my feet they were nice and warm.  During the session someone entered the room and starting changing sheets on the other table which was a bit disconcerting.   One of the little touches they got rid of was how the locker room attendant used to take your bathing suit as you were showering and spin dry it for you.  Then they would shrink wrap your suit in a plastic bag for you to pack away.  They don't do that anymore... another minus. The big thing that bothered me, though, was how they handle tipping your massage therapist.  When I went to check out, there is no way to leave a tip envelope for your therapist - they combine all of the cash tips into a letter envelope and then "distribute" your tips after to the therapist.  I was also not able to secure a tip on the credit card for him.  This is a bad policy for their massage therapists and I think its a bit shady the management treats them this way. Overall I enjoyed my time there, but I don't know if I would come back unless there is a promotional type offer.  I had to deduct a star due to the changes since my last visit.
I went here with my husband for our anniversary and it was an amazing experience. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, and will make sure you know exactly where to go and how things work. The bath area itself is gorgeous. I immediately felt myself relax as soon as I walked inside. The area is candlelit, has relaxing music playing, and has a variety of cold, warm, and hot baths to enjoy (in addition to a sauna). We didn't opt for the massages, but did get the juices which were really yummy and refreshing. Absolutely wonderful time. I can't think of anything I would suggest to improve the experience. Will definitely return.
I went last weekend with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday and got the "Relax Together" package."  It was incredibly romantic and the ambiance was unlike any other spa I've ever been to.  We went from 9-11pm on a Saturday and so we were mostly surrounded by other young couples and some small groups of female friends who were looking to get some pampering before a night out.  The 30 minute massages were great and it was the perfect way to top off the visit.  The staff was extremely courteous and friendly.  I don't believe I wasted a single penny on this package.
This was my second visit to the baths. This place is incredible! Everything - the service when you first walk in, the quality of the baths, the amenities provided, everything is amazing. I had a 15-minute massage and it was heavenly. Perfect for small groups of friends or just your significant other. I will definitely return!
I got a gift card that included a 90 minute session and a 45 minute massage. The baths are divine and the atmosphere is great. Very luxurious, romantic, and relaxing. The massage was nice but not incredible. I think the baths are what really make it worthwhile. Good for couples or group of friends you don't mind being in a bikini with. Fun for birthdays or bachelorette parties, though you can't be too loud. I went alone in the first time slot of the day and loved it. I'd go back but I wouldn't pay for a massage there again.
Last year I saw a bathhouse in ruins in Rome, and I always wanted to imagine what it would be like to walk around the bathhouse by candlelight and marble tiling....and Aire became exactly what was in my mind. When you enter, the check in area is quiet and soothing already, where you fill out a farm and wait for your bathing time to begin. We were allowed in 30 minutes early to the locker room, where you receive wristband keys that punch open and close the lockers. You also get a band that labels how long your massage (if included) is. They are also extremely clean, requiring you to wear sock booties throughout the facility, even in the water. With a robe and towel in tow, you enter the dark bathhouse that is only guided by candles and take your pick at various pools and a steam room. There is plenty of tea an water around the facility should you get thirsty. All of them were wonderful and never full; in fact, there were many times where I could find a pool to be in alone to soak in--I absolutely loved that. Despite there being many canoodling couples, I never felt like I was intruding their space. Somehow, the staff is able to quietly and quickly find you for your massage in the entire facility. The masseuse was extremely friendly and did a great job at creating a calming atmosphere; however, I didn't think that she used enough force....so I can't say that I would pay for that again. It was more like oil rubbed on and hands moving up and down in medium pressure strokes. At the end of the massage she put back on booties that were dry and warm. At the end of my experience, I showered in the locker room. The products there are surprsingly not drying...in fact, I'm considering looking into the products because my hair felt wonderful afterwards (yeah, now that display case of beauty products makes sense). Someone was always mopping up the wet floor and cleaning the area so I never felt like there were dirty hairs or sinks. A final tip: don't bring ANYTHING. They have brushes, hair ties, Q tips, makeup removers, towels. Overall, a great high class spa experience with a bit of a disappointing massage that is great for couples or a girlfriend.
I have been here 3 times. The first 2 times were amazing, hence the star. However my last time here I was so disappointed I had to right a review. About 3 years ago my sisters and I have discovered this place. Between 3 of us we probably were here 10 times. Last time we went the 3 of us decided to go together and since my sisters got me a gift certificate months before I felt like it was time to use it. I was the first one to show up. I checked in with front desk about 10 min before our start time. She told me I had an hour massage. During that time they had a promotion going on buy any massage and get 15 min additional as upgrade. I asked the receptionist very politely if it would be possible to upgrade my hour massage. She very rudely replied no. She didn't smile ones during our entire conversation. She asked me if it would be possible for me to share a locker with my sister, since for the 3 of us she can only give 2 keys. I was taken a bit back since she phrased it as a statement rather then a question with a favor. I didn't remember the size of the lockers, so I asked her if she thinks both of our stuff would fit in the locker given that I had a long puffy jacket. She said yes. Trying to be nice and since my sisters were running late I grabbed one key and told her i have to see what happens when my sisters get here. When I saw the tiny size of the locker I knew we couldn't share. I started changing not wanting to waste any more time since my apt time already started, I called my sisters letting them know that I got one key, they wanted us to share but I don't think it would be possible, my jacket alone couldn't fit. Already in my bikini and a rope my sisters come into the locker room telling me she told them to share. I said you guys can try but I don't think it would be possible. When they saw the lockers and their jackets barely fitting they agreed. So my sister went back out and asked for another key she told her she doesn't have any and to share. Keep in mind every guest should get their own locker it is their fault for over booking and not having enough lockers ( not that it was the case, since there were plenty of free lockers). So I get very frustrated because we already lost 10 minutes of our appointment time with back and forth I say she is just being a b* I don't understand what is her problem. Next thing I see is the locker room "assistant" ( who wasn't doing anything the whole time we were there not sure what is her purpose in the locker room) leaves the locker room ( oh wait she is receptionist's little snitch, not I get her job responsibilities) and the receptionist runs in, gets all in my face and says you have something to say to me. I tell her as a matter of a fact I do can we get another locker key something  we already have asked you and you have horrible customer service. She starts yelling at us. My sister pulls me and says let's not waste any more of our time. I got to the pools trying to relax, but obviously after such encounter it is very hard. My other sister ended up getting a key and joining us but the entire experience was very unpleasant. To top it off the masseuse in the last 10 minutes of my massage kept pulling extremely painfully on my hair even after I told him it was painful he didn't stop. You can imagine I am very said, since there aren't really any other clean and beautiful bath houses in manhattan and the facilities are really nice. Unfortunately the staff is extremely unpleasant.
What a relaxing, romantic place to go. While I went with a girlfriend of mine (who so thoughtfully treated me knowing that I needed a day to unwind) I would love to return the favor by treating my one and only to a spa evening. We went for a glass of wine at distilled, which is right around the corner, and got into the 9-11 block at Aire. At that time, there seemed to be a lot of young finance dudes there as a group, all congregating in the steam room using voices a little louder than everyone else. Meh. I liked that (aside from this) there was an unspoken etiquette and not everyone was in the same pool at the same time. Often some of the pools were empty which was nice.  My favorite relaxation pool was the salt pool where you can lounge, while floating totally weightless, to the surface.   It's worth getting schooled on the general sequence of going through the pools (salt to sauna to ice plunge) for ultimate pore/toxin cleansing and then going to chill in the tepid pools. You can sit your tush on the heated marble seats and hydrate before doing it all again. Also grab one of the staff members walking around and get a smoothie.
Returned back with my husband and the service was not even close to what it was the first visit. Great space, but they could use a little better customer service if they intend on living up to it's potential. Seemed disorganized this go around and the masseuse was VERY amateur. They could also update their towels while they are at it.
beautifully decorated and a great concept.  my skin is glowing from most time in the saltwater (super salty so be careful with your eyes) floating pool and the thermal "thousand springs."   i also loved the heated marble resting area.  Massage was not too bad.  Although I am not sure whether I will have it next time.  Locker was easy to use with the rubber/plastic bracelet.   Babyliss hair dryers and straight irons.   Things I did not like: the mandatory slippers which is half cotton so they get soaked wet and i just didn't like the way they felt.  Frayed and stained bath towel. (But the staff will give you a better one right away)  Empty plastic water cups rolling on the floor in front of the hot bath pool.   Not a top notch experience but I will go back.
Life changing. As someone who hates the cold and loves hot tubs this is a great escape from NYC winter and a great way to get warm and relax. I did not have any services, just used the baths so I can only attest to that - but it was absolutely fabulous and I have been raving about it ever since. Since you must make a reservation, it keeps it from getting over crowded. It is also very clean, which is essential. You do have to keep these silly terrycloth booties on the entire time, but I see why this is necessary for hygiene reasons. All in all, I will definitely be back.
I showed up here for my appointment 8 months pregnant, wearing yoga pants and a big T-shirt- and I detected some snootiness from the first girl we encountered.  Um... HELLO!  You only work in a spa!  Why would you think yourself in a position to get snooty with people?!  No worries, though, everyone else who worked there were great.  I signed a pregnancy waiver and was good to go. This place was wonderful, my husband and I really enjoyed ourselves and will probably return weekly until our baby arrives.  The salt water "floatarium" was exactly what I needed.  The massages were nice, also, and they had no problem accommodating me, being preggers and all.   My only concern about this place is hygiene.  Anytime I've visited communal bathing places overseas (or, really, ANY kind of spa overseas), there are very strict standards for pre-showering- everyone is expected to shower and clean themselves WITH soap prior to bathing.  Sometimes, men and women are also expected to wash their hair first.  I didn't see any signs posted anywhere advising patrons about showering first.  In fact, my husband and I appeared to be the only people who bothered to shower first (well, we showered in the bathing area, I don't know if other patrons showered in the locker rooms first, although I didn't see anyone do this while I was in the locker room).  So.. kinda gross.  None of the pools appeared to be gross, in fact, the entire facility was very clean.  But the lights are very dim, so who knows.
It was everything I expected. Very sensual and I will like to return. I'm glad it was so clean in the facility. Its a bit pricey but worth it. I was so relaxed the remainder of the day. Loved it.
Wow. I forgot I was in New York, I totally felt like I stepped back in time. The staff from start to finish was incredible, so on point. We opted for the 30 minute massage which felt like the perfectly timed experience starting at 11AM. First you are greeted in the locker room and she explains how to use the facilities and put on your water shoes. It's clean and I love that the shower has Sabon products, for the ladies they also provide blow dryers and straighteners. When you exit the locker room there is a lovely staff member who takes your order for juice (which is optional). Then a staff member gives you a tour of all the different baths and steam room. They recommend you start with the body temperature waters, then ease into the hottest bath or steam room, then you can plunge from cold to hot or float in the salt water pool (my favorite). After experiencing the pools for about 20 minutes which was perfect to get relaxed we had our 30 minute massage. AMAZING. Super relaxed, did the exact perfect pressure I asked for. Wonderful experience. After the massage our smoothies were waiting which was perfect to enjoy on the heated marble seating area. We then had plenty of time to enjoy the pools and relax. I enjoyed going in the morning, there is plenty of space so the pools never felt crowded. The staff from start to finish was lovely! I forgot where I was and really was able to meditate and relax, which is REALLY hard for me to do. I think I'm going to start going once a month. It's important living in New York to give yourself some time to meditate and unwind.
My fiancé and I live in the city and work a lot. So relaxing is very important to us. Walking into Aire immediately puts us at ease. The attention to detail on the design and layout is very evident. Re: the staff, we found them very polite and helpful showing us around. When we got in the baths, we started with the regular bath followed by the hottest one before jumping in the ice water. That was invigorating. After 1.5 hrs of relaxing in the baths we went back to the locker rooms to shower. After the shower, not knowing what to do with a wet bathing suit, the attendant very kindly took my suit, dried it, and handed t back to me in a plastic bag. Awesome. Needless to say we will be back.
Amazing! Just came for the baths (no massage) this past weekend with the bf. No problems using our spa finder gift cards + wellness week $25 bonus cards...so for $50 per person to use the baths for 2 hours, it was a steal! Definitely a bit pricey normally at $75 / person, but worth it! Not somewhere I'd go on a regular basis but I'll definitely be back for a special occasion or when I really just need to relax and de-stress. This place is exactly like what everyone had said--an oasis of tranquility in the midst of NYC chaos. Like a mini day-cation for 2 hours. Also, the place is surprisingly clean everywhere and never felt crowded. Loved that they gave us the little sock-shoes with rubber bottoms so we didn't slip on the wet floors. Floatarium was my favorite--definitely a unique experience. Worth checking out!
What an amazing experience!! I do not usually write reviews but after leaving AIRE I feel the need to talk about my time there. I went with my boyfriend for the 90-minute thermal baths and 30-minute massages.  From the second we arrived in the spa, the employees were professional, attentive and helpful. The baths are absolutely stunning! I actually felt like I left NYC and traveled to a different country. The music is very relaxing and the baths made my skin feel great for days.  The locker rooms and baths were exceptionally clean as well. The massage was perfect. I am definitely going back to AIRE soon!!
Surprised my boyfriend with a relaxing day at Aire Ancient Baths.  Did a lot of research on other coed NY spas and found that this one looked the best for couples.  Made my reservation online for the 5 pm Sunday time slot. This is one of the spas that actually look exactly like the pictures, no surprises.  Loved the ambiance from the lounge, to the locker room, and the bath area.   The locker room was clean and had Sabon goodies, which is a plus.  The attendant even helped me dry my bathing suit and prepared a bag, which is nice since I didn't bring an extra bag. Once you're all changed you head down to bath area they give you a tour of the different pools explaining the health benefits and temperatures of each. There is also a steam room and lounge area when you want to take a break in between the baths.   My favorite was the salt bath, was fun to float and relax in. They provide cold ice tea and ice water for you to sip on.   Definitely somewhere I plan to visit again and again as two hours in here provides pure relaxation in this stressful city.  Can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner!
Loved this place! The set up was beautiful and tranquil. I went with my boyfriend today and we felt it was a romantic and peaceful way to begin our Saturday. Will come back.
Initially, Aire was frustrating. Getting the booking squared away was a part-time job for weeks. Staff were endlessly confused about the appointment time and services. When we arrived, there were conflicts between what showed on the computer and what we'd been told over the phone. It shouldn't be this much work to relax. To the credit of the person at the desk, she quickly sensed my exasperation and got things moving right away. Once you get past the lobby (its tranquility destroyed for hours that day by a piercing computer alert like the sound of a construction vehicle backing up), the facilities are first rate. The baths are located approximately a million miles from Manhattan. The dressing room attendant did a great job orienting this first-time visitor. Four stars for the baths, plus two stars for the getting there, divided by two equals three stars.
This was my first experience going to a bath spa and I couldn't of been happier that it was at Aire Ancient Baths.  I don't have much to compare to but I had a wonderful 2 hours here.  In my opinion, AIRE is more geared towards couples with its dark, intimate and romantic candle-lit atmosphere.  I can see it also to be a place for a girls outing but I probably would feel a bit uncomfortable seeing all these couples bonding and being intimate around me.  It isn't a place to have loud conversations so it would be hard to catch up with one another anyways.  AIRE definitely made me come out of my session relaxed, feeling at peace and refreshed.  Every baths were unique and I wish the steam room could of been a bit designed better since I had random burning droplets fall on me.  On a Friday night, it was just the right amount of people and I also had my privacy that was needed, sometimes being alone in the whirlpool and floating pool.  The floating pool was my favorite and so relaxing.  Live music was going on during our session, which also matched the ambiance perfectly.   The entry price might be pricier than other places but my experience definitely made it worth it that I wouldn't mind coming back here again. Reservations can be made via phone or online.  Amenities are available in the locker rooms such as hair dryers, qtips, and other toiletries.  There is an attendant that works in the rooms who was very helpful by getting me a bag for my swim suit and drying it.   Perfect place for a date night or to be romantical with a special someone. Don't forget to bring a swim suit!  They mentioned they had loaners, but that would just be weird!!
Great experience, although my massage was absolutely the worst massage ever. My wife had the same complaint. Other then the massage the baths were relaxing.
To.die.for. The services, the ambiance, the people, the way you feel when you leave... all absolutely amazing. One of the most outstanding places in the city by far. Be sure when you go that you have time to linger. This is not a place to be rushed. Have a service (I recommend the massage or the red wine service) and then sit in the steam room, the dead sea pool, take a plunge in the ice bath and then try your hardest to sit in the extra hot bath allllll the way in the back. You will be in heaven.
An utterly unique experience - and a completely imaginative idea for an updated spa that is curated but self-directed. No one is shepherding you from treatment to treatment, instead you exist in a well-being. A simple material pallet that is about exposing and unmasking rather than adding new things: 18' tall space with exposed wooden beams and floors. Candles are nested into wall spaces that have been created by removing a few bricks. The only "new" insertion is the marble floor that holds the pools and a few glass walls for the massage areas, showers and steam room. Its dark - the only light is from the candles and the glow of the pools - and private. That theme of removal and exposure is the perfect technique for a bath, where all you want to do is slip into the water to remove the stress from the day. Float through the salt bath and the long temperate bath. Meditate in the steam room or while soaking in a quiet nook. Beautiful, strange, peaceful, private. I really loved it and will be back when I'm next in New York.
I became a fan of the Arab baths when I went to Spain. This one is just like those as soon as you step into the space. It's candle lit and mint tea is served. This one has 6 pools and even a salt water and jet one. The 30 minute message is well worth it!! I'm definitely coming back a lot!
I went to purchase services as a gift for someone online but the site was having problems. I called to purchase over the phone an spoke to one of the rudest and most incompetent persons ever in a customer service situation. Not only could they not help me over the phone, the manager was suppose to call back to try to help but never did. it certainly looks nice from the pics but will not be dealing with pompous idiots anytime soon.
This place is truly magnificent. I visited for a much needed birthday retreat and it by far exceeded my expectations: from the building structure/decor to the staff, I was truly impressed. The ladies at reception were very pleasant, and the facility itself was clean. I had come in with soreness from intense workouts the week prior and enjoyed dips in each of the baths from 102 degrees all the way down to 50, and by the time I got around to the massage portion, I didn't think it could top the experience that I had thus far. My masseuse was excellent! She made certain to ask how much pressure I preferred for the massage and was attentive to trouble areas without too much pressure (I don't like having sore muscles after a massage). I left there a new woman! My only complaint was the fact that the appointment time specified is actually a range. So, you may arrive expecting a 1:00pm appointment for a massage but there are 2 hours factored into your stay to use the baths, steam room, etc. You would potentially be at the facility in this case from 1:00-3:00pm factoring in time for the baths and/or steam room, and your actual appointment time for the massage can be at 1:45pm for example, or whenever the masseuse becomes available within your time slot. Keep this in mind when booking, and enjoy!
I wanted to love this place. In fact, I left so unrelaxed that it prompted me to write this. The water baths themselves are nice, it was the service and details that left me pissed off and quite honestly kinda skeeved. Two different people told me to wait in two different locations, I asked where i could get some water and I had to go down two flights of stairs. When i finally got to the baths I asked a "guide" to tell me what was there and which I should use first. The answer was like, "whatever". I had booked a massage, yet no one told me when it would be. It was crowded and there weren't enough places for robes, in fact someone took mine. It was only later in the lit dressing room that i saw how dirty it was- presumably from someone elses sweaty body. My massage was good, not exceptional, but what made it terrible was having to get back into a cold wet bathing suit after an hour of relaxation. When I went back to the baths I only had 20 minutes remaining. No one told me the one hour massage cuts into your two hour slot in the baths. There was no explanation, just some chimes and the door. Things went even further downhill in the locker room. There were assistants in there that did nothing but show you how to work the locks. I asked if there were bags for wet bathing suits, I got a ziplock bag 5 minutes later and was told the spinning/drying machine was broken. I just dressed in a sopping wet locker room next to a woman's used panty liner. I even went home with the lock/bracelet because no one ever approached me and I just wanted to get the hell out of there. I asked the staff which were the clean hair brushes and which were the used. They looked at me like I was dumb. They were ALL used, and then they just put them back into the bin- no blue liquid cleanser, no disposable combs. How is this not a health hazard. Gross- I left with my tangled hair in a bun. C'mon, this could have been a really nice spa experience, but it fell waaaaayyy short. Too bad, I was really looking forward to it. :(
Extremely nice ambiance - carved out in an old brick building in Tribeca, a host of pools of varying temperatures, bubbliness, and salinity to indulge in for a couple of hours. I like that they have 2 hour sessions with limited guests, so that you can enjoy a lot of privacy. Additionally, we got a 60 minute massage and that was perfect to break up the soaking.
I go to a lot of spas and I was curious to see what this would be like. Upon calling for an appointment I felt put off by the receptionist who was borderline curt/unhelpful on the phone, but once I arrived things began to get better. I was ushered into the locker room and had to wait a minute for someone to help me get into a locker. Once I went to the spa I began to relax. The environment manages to be very dark and relaxing without being creepy. In some of the pools I didn't even notice that there was someone else in the pool, it was so dim. When I first arrived there were many guests but an hour in most had left, and fewer people made it much better. I didn't go for the massage though I might next time. I spent an hour in the baths with a focus on the whirlpool, floatarium, and tepidarium. Cleanliness was overall great, though the steam bath had an off smell. Upon leaving I wished there was more in the way of bathroom supplies (face soap, light moisturizer, mouthwash). But all in all, aside from the initial service issues, it was a successful relaxing experience.
Is this really in NYC? You walk in and it feels like you are automatically transported to another city, a peaceful, relaxing and  tropical place.   the staff leads you through everything and when you step into the rooms filled with baths stress automatically melts off.  You are asked to be quiet while in the room which is sometimes difficult when you go with friends.  Yes I had to get told a few times to lower my voice.   I also got a 30 minute massage which was executed perfectly.  Can't wait to come back again.
This place is beautiful.  The concept is really neat and I did enjoy myself there.  I was with a girlfriend and we both had massages (I had a 60 min and she a 30 min) then spent the rest of the time going in and out of the different baths and pools.  We came on a Monday morning and there were only 10 other people with us there, so it was nice and quiet.   If my friend hadn't researched the place, and told me to bring a suit, none of the staff members made sure to tell us about what to bring when we were booking or confirming the day.  Maybe this is obvious to most people but a reminder would have been nice.   The amenities in the locker room are non-existent (no hair ties, no products, and the few hair brushes they had didn't come in sanitized wraps), the robes are old and they seem to ration out the towels (we had one in the locker and got another by the pools only after asking for them).   My massage was amazing (with Guillermo, I think).  I asked for a deep tissue and got a DEEP TISSUE massage which I loved! I prefer my massages therapeutic not relaxing and this one was perfect.  Another thing to note is that the massage rooms are are shared, 2-3 beds per room which takes away from some of the privacy you might want/expect during a treatment.  After my massage, I had about an hour to soak in the different water pools, which, for me, was more than enough time.   I'm bummed they didn't tell me or my girlfriend about juices as an option.  We kept talking about how nice it would be to have a snack or juice at some point during the 2 hour window.   My last comment is that this place doesn't seem to care about personalizing any one's visit.  They only took one name for the reservation and we were never referred to by name by any of the staff.  When it was time for our massages, we were taken out of the steam room, asked to sit on a bench, had to wait for about 5 minutes while the therapists figured out who was who and, yes, we too were asked at least 3 times which one of us was getting the 60 min or the 30 min massage, which I found irritating.   And they did not ask about therapist preference, as I know some people can be sensitive about this.  Luckily I got a male and my friend a female which just happened to be our preference. I could see this place as a nice date idea for a couple and am not surprised to hear that some hanky panky goes on in the pools.
I purchased a gift certificate about a year ago for my fiance and I to spend an afternoon at Aire.  I'll start by saying it was nearly impossible to get a hold of someone to book the appointment.  Why no one answers the phone and they are open from 9am to 11pm I have no idea. On the other hand the spa is beautiful and relaxing.  We had a lovely afternoon with a couple of suggestions for better service.  First I would definitely go back but wouldn't get a massage.  The massage areas are in the same area as the pools and if anyone is talking (or in our case a large group of people are talking), you hear every word.  Not exactly the relaxing atmosphere I was going for.  Secondly we noticed as we were relaxing in one of the pools that as people came in they were showing them through the spa and explaining all of the different pools.  For some reason they completely forgot about us and never explained a thing, we just figured it out ourselves. All in all the space is beautiful and relaxing.  Skip the massage and make sure they explain the process and difference between the pools.
Took my girlfriend for a spa date. New construction, been open for about a year. A lot of money and it shows. Five different pools, ranging from a cold water ice plunge pool (passed on those,) to warm and hot pools. Favorite was the salt water pool for effortless floating.  They also have spas and steam rooms which I did not use but seemed to be in good shape. Super clean and attentive staff...had the 60 minute couples massage. Both masseuses did a great job and highly professional. Price- it's upscale, it's Manhattan. I didn't think it was unreasonable, given the experience. Certainly not an everyday event, at least for me. Overall a fun experience. Good for a date, or a bachelorette party/ girls' spa day.
Really well done.  The place is beautiful and all the baths are great, but what really sets it apart is an incredibly well designed experience with an excellent staff- from the masseuse to the locker room attendant, really wonderful crew.
I had the pleasure of going to Aire the evening after my wedding back in October 2012, as a treat for my husband and I before we departed on our honeymoon. While the experience of the place overall is quite incredible (beautiful spa facilities, various baths of different temperatures, etc. and a really beautiful, quiet, relaxing mood), I did have some issues with the massage we received. We decided to treat ourselves and each get a four-handed massage which meant we both had two masseurs working on each of us. For starters, they seemed to have forgotten about our massage, and so we spent a great deal of time in the pools before they came to get us, even going past the allotted 'pool time' you're supposed to have. I didn't mind the extra time in the pools, which was nice, but it wasn't great feeling like they had forgotten about us, especially considering we were spending a fair amount of money at their establishment. And the massage while relaxing for my muscles was totally NOT relaxing for me personally because the two women who were massaging me seemed to be keeping up some sort of silent conversation between them, proceeding to giggle and make noise throughout my massage. I am a heavily tattooed woman, so I don't know if that had to do with it, but that totally took me out of my 'zen' place, which sucked. So yeah, I would go back to AIRE But I would think twice about paying for a massage.
So I booked this as a Valentines Day 'beat the restaurant crowd' thing for the hubby and me to do and I am soooo glad I did! From the start, the booking process was extremely simple and straightforward.  They just blocked off the 2 hour block for us and needed a credit card to hold! The reservation process was simple and makes complete sense since at any given time slot, there are only another 8 people max in the pools area. Makes for a very relaxing semi-private experience. On the day of, we actually got there quite earlier than our time slot and were welcomed to sit in the very very spacious lobby area, which set the tone for the whole experience very well.  We enjoyed some hot green tea and filled out a form and just chatted while we waited.  Once it got closer to our time, we were herded into the locker rooms (separate for men and women) and given locks for our lockers.  The locks were bracelets that could be worn in the water so you don't misplace (genius!!)! The lockers themselves were very very clean and staff was always available to guide you to the showers, restrooms and the main area.  Lockers came with water shoes (which are weird, but comforting), a towel and a plush robe.  The reservation email stated not to bring anything except a bathing suit - and they were right! Everything you need - toiletries, hair dryer, products were in the locker room for use.   Once we got to the main pool area, we were free to roam around and enjoy the pools at our leisure.  I know the experience is meant to be self guided, but I think the option to have someone give you an idea of what you're getting into would be nice. As for the pools, they were amazing! We managed to try every single one and even got into the sauna and relaxed on the heated marble slab while drinking some lemon water.   The 2 hour slot is perfect time to enjoy each pool more than once..have a nice romantic time with your sig o and even get to talk to some of the other patrons.   All in all, amazing experience and we will definitely be coming back again! Thanks Aire for making our Valentine's Day so relaxing and enjoyable!
