I seriously love this place. There is absolutely no pretension.  People don't take themselves too seriously and aren't cultish about the whole Crossfit thing.  The "douchey" stereotype that people think of when they hear Crossfit couldn't be less true about the people here.  The staff and members are all very friendly and unintimidating.  There are people of all sizes, ages, and athletic shape.  My favorite part is that there are a lot of badass women here (especially the coaches who's bodies I aspire to have).  There is also a focus on getting the proper technique down first before increasing intensity.   My only negative is, for the price, I could have eucalyptus-scented towels and Kiehls hair products gratis at Equinox.  It wouldn't hurt to have some more amenities but I suppose that's not the reason you come here.   In sum: If Crossfit is a cult, well then I'm drinking the Koolaid.
I chose this gym about 6 months ago because of the fantastic Yelp reviews, so back to pay it forward. The cost is certainly high, but totally worth it. As another reviewer points out, the classes work out to roughly $16-$11 per class and always leave you feeling like you got a good workout. Plus, often times, you might as well be getting personal training with the amount of attention given to athletes by the coaches. I joined CFSBK as a way to get in shape and meet people after moving to NYC. Over the last 6 months, I can definitely say that it's helped me accomplish both of those things and motivated me to do things that I never would before like the Spartan Sprint this coming May with the rest of the gym. The atmosphere of the gym is truly fantastic. It's all the focus of individual competition but with a team-like support from other athletes in the gym who cheer you on to do better and never judge you for your weaknesses. The variation of the workouts and 6 week cycles really help you focus your goals and track your progress. For anyone looking to get in shape or meet a fantastic group of motivated people, join CFSBK.
Great programing, great people, great community. Coaches are smart and help modify exercises so all can get a great workout. Can't say enough good things about this place.  It's a truly special place.
Best Drop-In Deal in Brooklyn! For $20, I got 2 workouts and a dope T-shirt this past weekend while visiting CrossFit South Brooklyn. Truth be told, CFSB doesn't even charge you for dropping-in but the T-shirt was so cool, i had to have it. Dropping in can be intimidating as you're walking in to a new box and in my case, may not know anyone. The staff and community at CFSB was really friendly to me and made me feel like this was my box. Mind you, it was 90+ degrees this past weekend in Brooklyn and we were running outdoors but I didn't mind it at all as I got a great workout and met some hot people while at CFSB.
I'm having a great time, anyone that knows me knows I call it as it is they make me work
Crossfit South Brooklyn is more than just a gym. It's people to go hiking with on the weekends. It's a support group when your life isn't going well. It's a Cheers-like place where everyone accepts you and knows your name, no matter your age, race, sex, sexual orientation, religion, or anything else. I've been going to SBK for almost two years now. I started Crossfit out in Colorado, where my well-meaning coaches threw burner WOD after burner WOD at us. South Brooklyn will challenge you, but also has a great strength training program for all members that will help you reach your fitness goals and build strength and conditioning. I've been to Crossfit gyms across the country, in Europe and in Canada -- so far, South Brooklyn has the best programming I've ever seen, no matter what your level of fitness is. But, like I hinted earlier, the fitness is just part of the gym. David and the other coaches have managed to create an atmosphere where you can make friends, build relationships, have a safe, supportive space to bring your kid (or your dog!). We throw potlucks, parties, have a softball team, and run races together. If it sounds like I'm drinking the Kool-aid, I totally am. But I've got no problem with it - SBK has changed my life for the better, introduced me to longtime friends, and is a place I go to five times a week (or more!). If you don't do Crossfit, this is a great place to start. If you do, come to SBK -- this is the best gym in the city.
I joined CrossFit South Brooklyn a couple weeks ago, my mistake, I should have joined when I first moved to Cobble Hill. I love the atmosphere, the people, and most of all the variation of workout! I have been a competitive athlete all my life, after playing a college level sport, going to the gym and doing the same routine everyday just wasn't cutting it. I did foundations with Jeremy which was great, he was great guy, very informative and made my foundations experience great. After foundations, you move into the group classes, which vary each day, but this gym also has cycles to build on strength(building on movements such as deadlifts,bench press, squats etc), its great! I thought I was an experienced weight lifter, but the trainers really watch you when doing these lifts and guide you to better form, which equates to more strength/less injury(if any). Overall this is great gym, I've never payed more then a $100 for any gym, so the prices might be a little shocking at first, but you realize that the price you pay is more then compensated for! Get in shape, build strength, and meet some really nice people.
I started here a month ago after spending 2 years with the amazing team at the BlackBox and the staff and energy here is fantastic. The coaches are smart, friendly and extremely helpful (theyve been accommodating my torn rotator cuff by giving me alternative non overhead workouts) and the facility and equipment are great. My first phone call inquiry to them put me on the phone with the most insanely friendly person that I was compelled to go in there immediately and sign up. Also, the number of tattooed coaches is a definite plus!
Not an exaggeration to say this place changed my life, and very much for the better. I'm in better shape at 37 than I was at 27, or really ever. After years of corporeal neglect, and proud to inhabit my form. Crossfit is intense, but the gym is extremely well run, and the coaches are very diligent about making sure you exercise with proper form and safely. It's hard to even compare this place to a normal gym membership experience. You'll work for it, but you'll get in shape faster and more thoroughly than you had ever imagined possible.
I just finished the foundations course (a prerequisite for regular classes) about a month and a half ago and have now been attending group sessions.   This place is a game changer.   I am a person who can easily get dragged down by the routine in big impersonal gyms (I spent last winter running 5k's on a treadmill - boring!) and this is what I was looking for without realizing it.   I loved foundations - I really needed someone to show me proper form, and it all made sense every step of the way.   The crossfit philosophy is based upon: constant variety, high intensity, and functional mobility.  You can learn a lot more about it online, but it is no secret that people in the military, firefighters, etc love it.   But don't let that scare you - I am a white-collar desk-jockey, on the wrong side of 40 - workouts are scalable.  And importantly that is where the coaches and the rest of the community comes into play.   A very welcoming and accepting place where all shapes and sizes of people are made to feel at ease (well, at ease even though you just did some workout that you thought was beyond your means).   I am someone who loves variety (I like to bike, ski, run, bikram yoga, you name it), and I see cfsb as an indispensable part of my active life.   Two other things:   First, their website is full of great ideas - info on nutrition (Coach Fox put up some awesome recipes the other day in fact - yes, Christian, dinner would be great!) fitness tips, and just a lot of good community-building (where do you like to travel?   Do you have a pet? Fun stuff...) and they post their workouts online - so I do them in my company gym when I can't be there in person. Second, and I mentioned it earlier - they are really into community.  Nobody is anonymous there.   You have a question or need help with a goal, someone is there to make sure you get squared away.  NOBODY ever knew my name at Equinox, NYSC, all they did was bang my Amex each month while I "trained" aimlessly.  Coach Dave has set the tone and he and the team he's built are a real point of departure vs the typical.  Ski season is upon us, and I have never felt better.   I can't wait to see my results on the mountain.
Really great crossfit gym and community - I've only taken the intro teaser class, and even though I won't be joining (due to cost constraints and inability to make the time commitment), I can tell that the coaching quality is top-notch. My friend, who is an active crossfitter from Boston, attended the teaser class with me, and said that she could tell the coaching was good and that if she lived in NYC, she would go to this gym. Everyone was very friendly, and really fostered inclusiveness, had can-do attitude, and showed great teaching skills. Felt like personal training in a group setting.
I've been part of CFSBK for over 2 years now - I say part of and not going to because CFSBK is both a gym and a community.  The training is top notch, the facility is spacious, and the people are diverse, friendly and motivated/motivating.  My health, fitness and overall well-being has improved ten-fold since joining and I'm a huge advocate of the training. When I joined in Jan 2009 I could barely press 15lbs over head.  I couldn't break parallel in an air squat and though I was "fit" and could cycle my little heart out, I wasn't very strong.  Within 6months I noticed huge improvements.  I was moving faster and generally felt better.  CFSBK has also given me confidence that I never had before - I would always stick to my "comfort" sports and now I've run the Ragnar, run a half marathon, can squat more than my bodyweight and am seeking out new adventures even if I have no prior experience.  Climb that boulder?  Sure, why not.  Pick up that car part turned barbell - ok. Looking for a challenge that continues to be challenging?  CrossFit is definitely just that.
After my first Foundations workout in July, I wanted to come back and write a 5 star review immediately, but I thought that would be premature (in the extreme). It's December now, so here's goes... CFSBK rocks. It's changing my life. I'm in such better shape. The teachers are all awesome. They all rule. They are patient and kind with me. They make me laugh and they make sure my form doesn't totally suck. I hear that at other boxes it can be all about how much, how fast, but here at CFSB it's form first, to reduce chance of injury. My fellow gym mates are all great too. Amazing people, great diversity. A real community that has made living in Brooklyn all that much more awesome. There is a reason this place is 5 stars. This place is quite likely the best box in the country.
I'm not trying to get bigger -- if anything, I'm trying to get much, much smaller. And I'm not trying to join a cult, I'm trying to go work out and not really think about it otherwise. And I want to eat what I want, not what someone else tells me is the perfect diet; I've lost a lot of weight eating salads and drinking Diet Coke, I'm not going to change that a lot right now. I've heard all those things can be a challenge with CrossFit -- endless stories from friends who have friends or know friends who spend all their time talking about WODs and paleo and how if you aren't puking you aren't working hard enough. And, honestly, I can see the allure of getting involved with something like that and having a new community to meet up with. But I didn't have any of that at CF South Brooklyn. All I had was exactly what I wanted -- a place to work out, with instruction on things I didn't understand and a supportive environment in which to do it. I learned a ton of new things, and I was coached in a lot of them. In the end I don't think Crossfit is for me, at least right now, because I have absolutely no flexibility and a lot of what is going on there is specific to you having flexible shoulders and hips (for squats and front lifts) and I have neither of those things. But that's not an indictment on CFSBK -- after six months of yoga, I might try Crossfit again. It's expensive (about $200 a month for twice weekly workouts) but it's got good trainers and a supportive environment who will help you lose weight if you stick with it.
I played tennis for 16 years including 2 in College. Since I injured myself in 2003 and quit playing, I haven't been able to get in the same shape since then. That includes 5 years in NYC trying Boxing, Spinning, Classes, Yoga & Pilates. Everything is boring after a while. I'm also pretty sure my metabolism has stopped and I'm tired of drinking meals and eating flavorless greek yogurt 24/7. I saw the YouTube videos. I watched the ESPN competitions and have even walked past CSFB a couple times the past two years since moving to Park Slope. All it took was one friend who lives in LA who got in serious shape after 9 months doing CF for me to give it a go. Here's my 3 month review: :: TEASER CLASS :: This was scary. Everyone looked intimidated. Seeing 110lb girls doing 20+ pullups while you sit and wait for the class to start is terrifying. Class begins with basic stretches and intros. During the class, however, I was never intimidated and Coach David kept it light but also focused. The teaser WOD (workout of the day) at the end was what attracted me. I hadn't done anything competitive in a while and doing a workout for time against other people was super motivting. I signed up for foundations then and there. :: FOUNDATIONS :: The only foundations available to start immediately was at 5:45am on Tues & Thurs for 3 weeks. It is NOT easy to lift weights at 6am but Coach Josh always had high energy which helped keep mine up. Some CF Gyms/Boxes don't require Foundations and I think this is a huge mistake. The most important things I learned was proper form and execution so I could immediately jump into Group Classes (if I chose to). If I hadn't learned proper grips, back positions and stances, I would probably have injured myself by now. You still get a great workout and WILL most definitely sweat and may be hugging the floor (if you push yourself) at the end. :: GROUP CLASSES :: You know that feeling that you get at the gym when you get tired and decide to stop? That won't happen here. I've been doing Group Classes for about 4 weeks now (took a 3 week break due to travel). I could never go back to regular gym. I haven't even checked the scale once since I started because I decided this was more about me being fit than losing weight. I am about 30% of the way back to "Tennis Shape". The last time I got these results it took me about 6 months of strict diet and a series of deflating gym visits. I absolutely love and look forward to going to CFBK every time and get annoyed when I have to miss a day due to schedule conflicts. The Coaches never yell but still keep you motivated. Your fellow CFers are friendly and encouraging as well. :: SOCIAL :: You may have heard about Cross Fit being like a cult and I can understand why. I probably won't get that much into the social aspect of CFBK but I appreciate the fact that they host things like Movie Nights, Book Clubs, Social Outings etc. The camaraderie there is legit and I can easily see why friendships and relationships are forged. It's just not for me but I still have met a lot of people who remember my name and I theirs which makes it much better than mulling around a gym by yourself. :: LIFESTYLE :: CF has motivated me to be healthier rather than forcing myself. Since starting, I now eat more sensibly, consume less alcohol and sleep more often. I will probably never try Paleo and I pretty much have to eat Carbs to be happy (I'm from the South y'all). I'm just making better decisions about portions and being more disciplined. :: VERDICT :: $215/month for 3 classes per week is a crap ton of money. That's what I thought at first, but then I realized that I'm paying about $16 per class and I am STILL sore after every workout (in the best way possible). The only time I was ever this consistently sore was when I worked with a personal trainer and was paying $70/hr one time per week plus my $100/month gym membership. You do the math. I've never tried another box before but for as long as I live in the area, I'll never need to.
10 months later... I love this place even more than I did when I started! I still love waking up at 5:30 am to go to the gym, I lost 20#s, I am super fit, fast, & strong. I'm in the best shape of my life hands down and I've made a lot of really great friends. I LOVE CFSBK
I have been going to CrossFit South Brooklyn since it was at the Lyceum. I have to admit, that I don't go as often as I should, but that is due to work and moving to Borough Park. I'm not even going to spend any time talking about the great space and equipment. The box has everything you need to be a CrossFitter. The reason why I always go back to CFSBK, is the people. The owner, David Osorio has created a community that is as strong as it is diverse. Every person who walks through the roll-down door is made to feel like they belong. Spend any amount of time in the box and you will never want to leave.   I owe a lot of my career success to the 6 Foundations classes I took in 2008. I became a better trainer and it lead to promotions at work. I owe a lot to CFSBK in general.
I have joined multiple gyms over the years and it has generally turned out to be a waste of money. I'd find myself bored after just a couple of months and eventually I'd stop going. The programming and community at CFSBK are what make me want to keep crossfitting. There are people of all ages and both men and women. It is especially encouraging to workout with so many strong women. When I joined I was involved in no exercise or sports other than an occasional pickup game of soccer. I took the Foundations cycle which was extremely helpful. Although I felt like a wienie at first because I had never done anything like this and could barely lift a 15lb bar, the community at CFSBK eliminated most of that. The coaches are always individually  attentive and helpful,  no matter what level you are at. My fellow crossfitters are always willing to cheer each other on which makes me want to keep going even when I am the last one done in a WOD. It never feels like a competition. CFSBK has a great facility which is large and filled with enough equipment to accommodate big group classes. I have played with equipment I had never before even thought of - kegs, tires and sleds. If you aren't sure take a teaser class. I did and when I couldn't sit down without moaning and walked like John Wayne for days, I was sold.
Best Place to Workout...Period. I've been working out with the CFSBK crew since May 09 and am in the best shape of my life. I The gym recently moved from the Lyceum to its own space a couple of blocks away on Degraw. Great coaches, great community, best place to workout, period. Come see for yourself.
I was visiting from the Bay Area and I decided to check this gym out mainly because of word-of-mouth around town, especially about Shane.  I've been CrossFitting for about 6 months. The gym is very big and the trainers here are top notch.  The community is awesome!  Shane and the people in my class made me feel like I was working out at my home box.  People were so friendly.  They cheered each other on, helped each other with the lifts, and hung around after class.  The class was small and Shane made sure to watch everyone and give them quality feedback.  During the WOD he was very active with cheering people on.   To read about my experience at CrossFit South Brooklyn, check out my blog post here: jesliao.com/2011/07/cros… Overall, a GREAT GREAT experience and I look forward to coming back and hopefully meeting the other trainers too!
CrossFit South Brooklyn provides well-rounded programming with strong emphasis on technique and form in every class, which makes CFSBK in a class of its own.  The caliber of the coaching staff is a testament to the high standards of the owner.  I came to CFSBK 3 years ago looking for something to supplement my already active lifestyle (climbing, cycling, running), but found that CrossFit, and especially CFSBK, alone challenged my body and mind in a way other sports didn't.   While CrossFit isn't for everyone, this gym exemplifies all the best of CrossFit has a fitness movement.
I've been a member for over two years. CFSBK has become a very important part of my life and my family's life. It is one the best crossfit gyms in the country. Certainly the best in NYC. The coaches, athletes and community that owner David O has managed to bring together are fantastic. When you are working out at CFSBK you feel like you are a member of a team, not a gym. The environment is very very supportive and encouraging - everyone pulls for their fellow athletes and wants to help them achieve their goals.   Crossfit gyms should be measured by the quality of the coaching. That is really all that matters. The coaches at CFSBK - David, Fox, Jess, Melo, Josh, McDowell, Noah, Arturo, Nick, Jeremy are outstanding. They are passionate about the sport, professional in their approach and work hard to help everyone achieve virtuosity in each of the movements. To those who are concerned that crossfit is "dangerous" realize that the coaches demo the lifts and discuss points of performance during EVERY class.  It's like going to grad school for exercise - I learn something every time I walk in the gym. The coaches  eyes are always on you and they step in to help you enhance your form and keep you safe.   Oh and it's fun, the members are cool and the WODS will reshape your body. You will never look at another gym the same way again.
CFSBK is what any real gym should aspire to be like, and here is why: 1. The people that go there, from the brand new to the veterans and from the elite athlete to the beginner.... everyone is there for the same reason, to get in shape, have a great workout, and to get better. The people that go to CFSBK are the best kind of people there are and from that comes such a camaraderie you won't find at any other type of gym.  Many people call CF a colt but it's a family with a shared ideology (ok so maybe that's the definition of a colt but it's a beneficial one!) 2. The coaches and staff are all awesome and you can ask any of them a question or for advice and they'll be more than happy to explain something or show you on the spot.  Their goal is to help you get better and it's evident they all enjoy what they do.  You know you've gotten in pretty good when they start busting your chops about your form on your 190th push-up while doing Murph! 3.  The actual space is great! If you like frills and towel service then this is not the gym for you... and crossfit probably isn't the workout for you either.  Stick to your bicep curls and staring in the mirror because you won't find either at CFSBK.  This is a no frills gym with rows of pull up bars, countless barbells, and endless kettle bells.  You don't go to this gym to pick up chics (or dudes, whatever you're into) BUT there isn't a shortly of good lookin people their either. I keep saying you will get better, and I mean that you will get better overall.  Your workouts will get better, your circle of friends will get better, your life will get better. Head to CFSBK if you want a real full body workout and if you want to get in better shape.  CF is general will change the way you see working out and even more importantly will change the way you see yourself and how you live.
Yeah, that personal trainer is working out for you. Things that didn't happen: You're not stronger. You're not faster. You didn't lose weight. Things that did: You learned how to strap yourself into a million Nautilus machines. You've mastered single-arm ten-pound dumbbell rows whilst standing on a Bosu ball. You paid a million dollars to someone you don't respect. You dread the gym. Ditch that trainer. Never get on a treadmill again. Come to Crossfit South Brooklyn and work out in a big group of people, all different, all focused, all learning how to be better at life by lifting, sprinting, doing handstands and having a freaking ball. Or, go ahead and order yourself a Shake Weight. Your choice.
CrossFit South Brooklyn is the best! A number of reasons: 1) CrossFit itself is the best. This review will not go into the details of that. Just know it to be true. 2) The Lyceum. CF SBK is in the perfect type of location for CrossFit. It is big and raw. The atmosphere is very conducive to the crossfit workout. The Lyceum is easy to get to. It's right on top of the Union St station, and only minutes away from the Atlantic terminal, where ALL the subways stop. (The ones that don't stop there, like the F, stop just a few blocks to the south of the Lyceum. It doesn't really get any better.) 3) The coaches. We have the best coaches in all of the greater NYC area. They are really good at helping everyone, from the people who have no idea what a clean is to people who just have to clean up a few little issues in their form to improve their performance. They find the right balance between pushing you hard and being friendly. 4) The members. CF SBK members are great. A really friendly bunch, with great diversity. We have some people who are seriously strong and fit, and could kill a bear with their bare hands. We have other people who have just started and are scaling their workouts quite a lot. Everyone gets along great and there is no cliqueyness of any kind. SBK rocks.
Don't be intimidated by all the slamming barbells! This place is awesome. Every workout here leaves me exhausted, and the trainers are fantastic, especially David, Shane, and Jeremy.
A friend in Dallas finally talked me in to Cross Fit and I feel so lucky to have come across the South Brooklyn crew!!  On top of all the benefits of Cross Fit the coaching staff here is fantastic and so knowledgeable.  They have built a truly unique community here that I have never seen replicated at a gym.
Brilliant. Best workout. Best coaches. Try it. You will not regret it.
Excellent. Laurel was extremely helpful even though we just went to check it out on my stay in new york.
A (very valid) criticism that has been made of CrossFit as a whole is that nearly anyone can own a CF gym -- it takes just a weekend to get certified as a trainer -- which means that you might be walking into a difficult exercise program learning from someone who knows little more than you do. Not so here. Having done CrossFit for a year and a half now, I have visited several affiliates in other parts of the country, and I can safely say: We at South Brooklyn are spoiled. The coaches are always paying attention, so that if they see bad form (read: injury waiting to happen) or someone struggling with an exercise, they can correct the mistake or suggest a scaled-down version right away. Tricky movements (and even some not-so-tricky movements) are broken down and reviewed before you have to do them for realsies, in every single class -- not just the first time you learn them. As a result, despite all the horror stories I hear about people getting injured doing CrossFit, I have never experienced anything worse than a pulled muscle (and when it happened, the coaches were quick to find ways to work around it). I've gotten stronger than I ever imagined possible. This is the part I truly would not have believed until I joined: CFSBK is also a genuine community. By the time you're out of Foundations, the owner will know not only your name, but something about you as a person. There are potlucks, pub quizzes, beach trips. Before I came here, I had never made a friend at the gym. Now, I have lots of them -- real friends, not just people on my Facebook list. So, not only would I tell you to come here if you're thinking about trying out CrossFit for the first time -- I'd also tell you to come here if you've been burned by a bad CF experience in the past. It's an extraordinary place.
i am a bad gym person. when i go, i tend to lollygag around on the elliptical machine for 30 minutes counting the very milliseconds until i get to leap off that goddamned thing and jet right back home. i know i'm not getting the workout i should be getting and i don't exactly know why i waste my time this way. well, my gym membership hath runneth out when suddenly i got an email from a friend trying to get a group of us sloths together for a private exercise group at this thing called crossfit. i was like, sure yeah, sign my ass up. i like friends, i need people to motivate me, oh it's near my neighborhood? cool. we can go at 8pm on a weeknight? rad by me. and then i wrote a check and was done with that. tonight was my first class and i happened to check the crossfit website for the first time only hours beforehand to see what i was getting myself into. oooooh. what's this? giant barbells? crazy looking buff people? ack! apparently crossfit is a method of fitness used to get cops, military and martial arts peeps in prime shape for crimefighting or whatever. i felt like i was going to be in way over my head. situated in the really gorgeous brooklyn lyceum, the crossfit space is a huge and raw with exposed brick, giant windows, high ceilings and tons of intimidating-looking weights. there are no mirrors. this, i could rejoice in. we are a scrappy band of 5, my friends and i, in varying levels of unfitness. i was scared. however, the guys that helped us along were completely and utterly awesome. they were helpful, they were patient, they were funny, they were understanding, they were complimentary! (YES! i AM very flexible, thank you for saying so even as i sit here panting with sweat pooling around me and i cannot for another second do another one of those effing plank moves.) this workout completely kicked my ass. by the end of the warm up i wanted to go home to my couch and cry. but now, even though i almost couldn't bike home due to the gelatin my poor, overworked legs turned into while squatting and stretching and whatever else, i feel REALLY good. i mean, i'm sore, i'm delirious but i cannot wait until i can do a zillion of these push-ups and burpees and squat thrusts, etc. there are a lot of weights in crossfit. there are gymnastic elements too, allegedly. they will work you and work you and work you and it will be, in the sickest most masochist way possible, really fun. trust me on this. meanwhile, i'm going to go take a before photo of my flabby arm. come the end of my six week cycle, that bicep is gonna be MEAN!
I have been training with CFSBK for almost 2 years now.  I followed from their old space to their new.  I ride my bike at 645AM a mile and half in the dead of winter to train there, I literally ride my bike past 3 other gyms on my way to there.  If I JUST wanted to work out, I could do it anywhere.  But the great coaching/training/community that surrounds CFSBK is why I bust my heiney to get there in the AM.  This is also why I am strong and so much less fat than I used to be.
I've been going to CFSBK for a few months now, and I have been consistently impressed by the quality of the training, and am really amazed at how it's more of a community than a gym.  Everyone here is fantastic.
I had some hesitation before signing up for crossfit only because I had heard how hard it was.  I opted to get 1 on 1 sessions with a trainer to insure that I didn't pass out and die and hold up the rest of the class.  Fortunately I was placed with a cool trainer Christian Fox who eased me into the philosophy of crossfit.  I know its cliche to say, "I was using muscles I never knew I had" but that was so true.  I was sore beyond belief after the first session but was determined to push on.  After renewing my 10 session pack for the third time I can honestly say I am very pleased with everything at this gym.  The coaches are super friendly and the workouts push you to the brink!! (which is why you are here).  I sit in a chair most of the day and this is exactly what I need after a long day of sitting.
Joining CFSBK was one of the best decisions I've made for my health. I find the atmosphere super welcoming, particularly for someone like me who had little to no experience with strength training and was non-athletic growing up. If you are even a little bit curious, put any fears you have a aside and try it. In the foundations class I remember feeling at first like I wouldn't be able to keep up, but Coach Jess was really supportive and helped me want to stick with it and see that it was about gradual improvement and growth. In fact, I think that coming in with no strength training background was a good thing because I didn't have any bad habits to unlearn like I would have if I'd been a former athlete! There are lots of folks with lots of different body types in classes and it is a supportive community where positive food and health choices are encouraged. And there are always cute puppies and/or babies around. The coaches are unbelievably patient, knowledgeable and FUN. Bottom line: If you want to make a positive change in your strength and over health, you should check it out.
