LOVE.
I'm really happy (a week and a half later!) with the calgel mani/ nail art I got here. My appointment was right at opening time and even though I was a few minutes early, they were ready to go and the place looked great.  There are just really passionate, lively people working here and they put up with my extreme displays of excitement. I got exactly what I wanted - no communication problems. The service was excellent -I've already booked my next appointment.
I went in for after purchasing a groupon for haircut & full highlights.  I was assigned to Chi.  She was very sweet, detailed, and focused only on me while I was there, which was very nice... you don't get that type of attention from most other Asian stylists.   This is the first haircut since I've moved to NY almost a year ago.  I've been hesitant cuz I'm very picky about my haircuts.  I decided to give this place a try from the great reviews on Yelp, and also, they had a great deal on Groupon.   I love my haircut, although, I did have to return the next day for a quick fix.. Chi just didn't cut off enough the first time around, but that's okay, it wasn't a big deal.  I called back that same day and they were very gracious about me coming back within the week to get it fixed.  I'm so glad I did, because after the next day, my haircut was just PERFECT.  Chi gave me back the long layers I wanted after a horrible choppy haircut I lived with for almost a year. I also got full highlights.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't exactly the color I wanted.  It was more subtle than I wanted, Although, I did tell her I wanted it to match my previous highlights.  But that's okay, I didn't want to redo that because I don't like having too much chemicals in my hair.   I can't wait to go back for my next haircut, but.. I think normal prices are quite expensive.. and seeing that I am a student in NY, I may not be able to afford it.  Maybe I'll just have to suffer and eat top ramen noodles for 2 months, so I can get an awesome haircut from Chi!
They do a great job with their gel nails, although note that they actually do not use the brand Calgel but another (similar) brand, which I found to be more drying than Calgel. Went there for a digi perm at the beginning of August. When my hairdresser (Megu?) took the style out, it looked AMAZING- exactly what I wanted. However, it is now two months later and the digi perm has already fallen out. Digi perms are supposed to last 3-6 months. I had never done anything to my hair before: no dye, no perms, no straightening, so the perm should've been in for at least twice that length.   So was it worth the almost $300? Not really.
This is the first yelp review I have ever written and I had to do it for this awesome spa. I bought a living social deal for Hearts Yukie for a shellac manicure but ended up also getting a pedicure because my feet really needed it. When I got there, the guy at the front desk was patient and welcoming. He sat me down in the waiting room, gave me a glass of water and didn't cringe at my grotesque appearance (I had come directly from the gym). Soon I was ushered into a private (you read that correctly PRIVATE!!) pedicure room. The sweetest most attentive young woman gave me a fantastic pedicure. I don't remember her name but she had shoulder length black hair. Anyway the pedicure was TO DIE FOR. Although it was more expensive than I usually like to pay for such treatment, it was worth every stinking penny. This lady took her precious time on every toe she scrubbed, brushed, buffed, and polished my sweaty feet for over one hour (my feet were in bad shape but not that bad). She was simply awesome. I have had $50.00 spa pedicures that did not even come close to all the work she put into my toes. Did I mention we were in a cozy private room with magazines and no loud teenagers talking to their loud friends on cellphones around me. It was just me in a big comfy lounge chair, my manicurist, and nirvana. Okay, I'm exaggerating but only slightly. The shellac did not take as long but was really good as well. They have a huge and fantastic range of colors. They also have a lot of nail art options (not my thing but for those of you who are into it- highly recommended). Hearts New York Salon & Yukie Beauty Spa, I tip my hat to you.
Let me preface this with: I am terrified of being cut while getting a manicure (or pedicure). I don't know why, it's a weird irrational fear that makes me super twitchy when getting my nails done. My last experience with a junior nail technician left me shaking. She brutalized my cuticles and I actually left the salon bleeding. I haven't had my nails done since. That was about 6-8 months ago. Now that I'm living in New York, I was determined to find a good place to get my nails done. I spent ages googling, yelping, and frankly hunting for a place that would give me the best manicure of my life. I can say with absolute certainty that Hearts & Yukie is that place. Don't fret over the price. Make an appointment and go, cause it's worth every penny. Remember what I said about being a twitchy, nervous wreck when it comes time to do my cuticles? Not here. Yuka was so careful with my hands, I barely felt anything! She took the time to make sure all of my nails were even, and I'm talking about the length of each index, middle, thumb, etc. on the left and right hand when held side by side. My only regret is going in for what I thought was cool and crazy (black french manicure: matte bed and shiny black tips) when I should have gotten some crazy nail art. They literally have hundreds of colors, and as Yuka patiently explained to me that not only do they use those, but they can mix any colors to make new colors. I was stunned. When I made the appointment I was told the gel manicure I wanted would need at least 1.5 to 2 hours, I honestly thought they were joking. They weren't. And you know what? It's not idle time. Yuka spent the entire time making sure she painted (with make-up brushes) each nail perfectly. I now have the sexy black nails I've wanted, and they're GORGEOUS. There's definitely a bit of a language barrier, however Yuka was very patient with me when I asked several questions, and she drew pictures to make sure she painted my tips the way I liked them. Tips for your first visit: * Make an Appointment -- They get booked fast, and since the technicians take a long time (and do an amazing job) they only get in a few appointments each day. * Bring Pictures -- I brought a pic on my iPod from their website, but anything will suffice. It makes it so much easier when you can show them exactly what you want. Or, you can pick from the wall of samples, but make sure they have enough time if you want to do some crazy nail art. * Relax -- These technicians are true artists. You're in the hands of a master, so don't worry. You'll walk out of their studio a very happy person. Next time I'm getting my hair cut, cause the entire time I was there all I heard was: "You gave me the best cut of my life, now I can't go anywhere else!"
Really love the attention to detail and the shellac gel manicure LASTS.  Fantastic job all around.
Yup, still love this place. It has been 3 weeks and my nails still look as good as the day I walked out of the salon :)
Awesome! I made my appt to redeem my living social manicure. It was 5 star service  from the time I walked in to the time I left. I'm more than pleased with the service I received.
One of the nicest salons I have been to in midtown. Professional, courteous, attentive, very clean, accommodating, beautiful space and overall excellent work. I went in for a gel manicure and was wowed with every step, even down to the bathroom.  I've since been back for other services, including a pedicure & blowout and  couldn't be happier.  I would highly recommend this salon. Very pleased.
What a great salon!! The service here is excellent. From the moment I stepped in Hearts NY Salon, the front desk was extremely warm and welcoming.  I came here for a scalp massage and blowout. Everyone here is super nice and friendly. The scalp massage was relaxing and definitely a unique experience. The shampoo and blowout which followed was fantastic. The stylist was meticulous and took her time to fix my hair perfectly to my preferences. The salon itself is nice, spacious, and clean. Since it was my first time here, I even got 20% off! I would definitely return. I think it is worth a trip to Hearts salon if you wanted to be treated like a special guest!
I had the $20 Living Social gel manicure deal and didn't know what to expect because all nails salons are not created equal. But this place did not disappoint at all! The staff was friendly and accommodating and the salon was very nice. They had so many gel colors and options to choose from. I will definitely be going back. Awesome!
Great, relaxing salon and long-lasting manicure. Aside: love to Toto toilet! Yay, Japan!
I got a walk in gel mani done by Yuka, who was meticulous. The service was fantastic. The only negative was that the credit card machine didn't work. Otherwise perfect.
if i'm working midtown this is without a doubt my fav fav place to  get a mani/pedi and or message. clean store ; girls are very kind and professional.  i've been here many times and still have not had a bad service.  customer service is good and well as prices.  go.
My sister and I went to get a haircut here from a deal we bought off of Groupon. It is very clean and nice inside, and the staff is very courteous. I forgot our hairstylists name, but he was awesome!
Pretty good find.  For even a regular price of $40 gel manicure.  It's worth it since it last weeks longer than a $15/$20 manicure that will not chip but only grow out.  It's also great that they have so many colors to choose from and so many styles and options.
I have been to this salon a few times now. Originally I found it on the list of licensed salons on the Bio Sculpture Gel's website, then went on Yelp to check the reviews and felt good about going there (Yelpers rock!). Now this is not a "walk-in and walk out 15 minutes later" type of place. They operate by appointment only and not all of the nail artists work every day of the week. My nail artist - and these girls really ARE artists - does not work on weekends, for instance. In general, I'd recommend making an appointment 2-3 weeks in advance. Sorry, not divulging my artist's name, I need to be able to get into her schedule in the future. :) The place is not cheap - though I got discounts twice already - and they do only what's necessary. No soaking your hands and feet in lukewarm water while waiting (I actually hate that), no heel cutting (some salons still do that, yuck!) and no lousy back massages. But what they do do is a highest class gel manicure that lasts - and that's based on my very fast going nails - at least 2.5 weeks. The array of colors is amazing, so are the designs demoed on numerous plaques (have not tried any, but might just get something over the summer). Gel manicure takes about an hour. The artists are quiet and engrossed in their work (true, their English is minimal, but enough to understand the client's needs). Hair stylists appear equally skilled - every time while I was there doing manicures every single woman that was leaving the salon was raving about her hair. In the myriad of lackluster salons in the Big Apple, I think I finally found my diamond.
Used a yelp coupon.  Atmosphere was nice and stylist was friendly, but stylist cut my hair after doing the digital perm.  I think it was supposed to go the other way around.  Perm didn't hold because it wasn't cut right :(  ***A much overdue EDIT - Hearts New York & Yukie Beauty Spa contacted me right after I posted my initial review and offered to redo the perm with additional treatments to avoid damage to my hair.  Stylist May (?) did the redo and it came out great!  Perm is still holding after several months.  Service was wonderful.  Will definitely go back again.
For shampoo and blowdry! This place is a hidden gem! Chi was amazing, 10 minute head massage while shampooing and beautiful style when I left! The price is perfect vs Frederic Fakkai, BG etc! Highly recommend! Enjoy!
I went in for a gel manicure, and it wasn't bad. I've had better calgel/biogel manicures in the city. I will probably go again since they have discounts and coupons, and because they're less out of the way than the place I usually go to. But, without the discounts they are a bit pricier so I doubt I'll become a regular.
I was really impressed with this salon.  I found out about this place via a Groupon and was impressed when I was treated with the utmost courtesy and respect. Everyone there was unfailingly polite and not at all uppity (which is often a hazard in NY).  There was also no up-sell for products, which is basically a miracle in and of itself, and which I really appreciated.   The gentleman who cut my hair, Igor, did a fantastic job.  I knew what I wanted in a cut and he provided exactly that (i.e. didn't try to make me do weird things with my hair that I didn't want).  There were no issues with the cut and he made a suggestion for future hair care which I appreciated.   This is a small place.  The hair cutter does the hair washing and blow drying, and you won't change from your clothes into a gown the way it is at some other places (e.g. Bumble and Bumble).   I was in and out in 45 minutes with my cut and very pleased.
I had a really great last-minute haircut from Igor - I have really fine hair which is generally wavy but can be blown out straight, and I like to keep it a bit longer than most people recommend for fine hair. I had a long meeting cancel mid-day one day and desperately needed a haircut, so I asked if they could take me as a walk-in, which was just fine. It's a really charming space, and everyone there was really polite.  Igor was a genius - he understood exactly what I wanted and did a marvelous job with my hair; he gave me an angled bob that will work whether my hair is left wavy or straightened, and he was really efficient without cutting any corners. I would happily recommend the spa to anyone looking for a great cut.
Miku did my nails.  I got a regular pedicure and a gel manicure (don't know if they were cal-gels or bio-gels or if they are the same thing).  The pedicure is the best I've ever had in my life. The gels I got on my hand lasted three full weeks and I could have kept them on longer, but my nails were growing and it was starting to look weird.  I actually drew the design that I wanted on a piece of paper and Miku executed it because she's good like that. I came in with a Google coupon for 20% off, but the manager(?) gave me a 30% discount and a card for 20% off my next service.  That was very nice an unexpected. I also had my gels removed here.  They use foil and cotton balls to remove gels instead of soaking your hands in nail polish remover like some other places. Lastly, they have one of those fancy Japanese toilets in their restroom.
Worst manicure I have ever gotten. The nails weren't even and she didn't even clean under my nails! I would rather walk two avenues and go to Aries nails.
I went here based on the amazing yelp reviews. So I will say I had very high expectations. I went on my birthday for a gel mani, regular pedi (both w/ designs), and hair cut and style. I got my pedicure first and wasn't overly wowed by the individual pedicure room. It was nice to be secluded, but my nail technician left the door open, so I was constantly distracted by people walking back and fourth down the hallway. Also, they don't have the typical pedicure chairs. You just sit in a regular lay-z-boy style recliner, and soak your feet in a foot bath. Also, because the recliner sits kind of low to the ground, your feet rest in the bath at an awkward angle. I showed the nail technician a picture of the design I wanted on my big toe. While I understand it's kind of a hard design (chevron stripes), my result looked nothing like the picture and the stripes weren't even at all. Besides that, it was a great pedicure. It's going on almost a month now with almost no chipping! I was initially very happy with the gel mani I received. While they do not have a large selection of regular polish (I wanted a mint green for my pedi and had to settle on a light blue), they have a a wonderful selection of gel colors...seriously, it's huge. The design I chose for my mani was replicated perfectly (light pink with gold glitter half-moon) and I left LOVING my mani, I got compliments from everyone. I also love that they take pride in their work; my nail technician took a photo of my nails after my mani was complete. However, it only lasted 2 weeks. Usually gel manis last 3-4 weeks for me, so that was a major bummer. I had scheduled a make-up application for myself at another location 3 hours following my initial appointment at this place. I figured 3 hours for 3 services seemed like enough time. I was wrong. After my pedi and mani, I had been there for over 2 and a half hours and still had to get my hair done! That wouldn't be such a big deal (just poor scheduling on my part), but following my mani, I had to sit and wait for 25 mins for my hair stylist!! If I wasn't in a hurry, I wouldn't have minded as much, but I felt stressed the whole time. And even if I didn't have another obligation, I feel it wasn't right to make me wait that long for services I had scheduled way in advance. When he finally got to me, the scalp massage during the shampoo was amazing and when he was finished, I was initially in love with my hair. I think the name of my stylist was Ken. I showed him a picture of the way I wanted my hair styled and while he didn't really replicate the photo, but the blowout looked great anyway. When I washed my hair and straightened it the next day, I was heartbroken. The choppy layers that I asked for were virtually nonexistent. I couldn't tell when it was styled curly, but I hated it straight, which is how I usually wear my hair. I'm sure they'd fix it if I went back, but I'm rarely in the city. I really wanted to love this place but I'm not sure if i'll be back.
I had my hair done several times before and service was superb, unfortunately the new owner dont know a thing about customer service, he denied me service (cause my groupon was "expired" it clearly stated on my voucher the never expired) the salon was empty only one person was getting her nails done. Its so sad that owner is definitely ruining Salon's reputation. Wont come back, ever!
I bought a living social deal for a gel manicure at this spa. First time at the spa, first time with a gel manicure and I was so happy with the entire experience! Everyone is so nice and they salon is so fancy and pretty. They offer you something to drink and have real furniture. They even have pretty little dishes for your rings while you have your manicure. I ended up doing an ombre on my nails and they look stunning, it was $10 extra but for a total of $30, totally worth the price. I'm definitely going back with out the discount. As long as the gel lasts, they also offered that if the gel cracks or wears too soon then they'll fix my nails for free! So great!
very professional service- great japanese acrylics!
This is my favorite hair salon in NYC!! They opened last year so the salon is super clean, the atmosphere is really pretty, and the staff was very accommodating. The salon came from Tokyo and the staffs are also Japanese. The hair stylist, Megumi is REALLY REALLY GOOD!!!! I had my hair done a couple of times by her and she did an amazing job! Since my hair is frizzy, I wanted to straighten my roots, but then I wanted to curl the ends. She suggested me to do a Japanese straight perm  and digital perm, which are both permanent. (I have never seen a salon that offers digital perm so I guess they incorporate the cutting edge technology.) I was worried that my hair might be damaged by all that perm, but she used treatments in between to keep my hair from damaging. It came out just how I wanted with hardly any damage! She also gave me lots of advice on how I can keep my hair from damaging. I have also asked her for an updo before attending my friend's wedding, and she did it beautifully. I got so many complements from my friends, and a girl even came up to me on the train to ask where I did my hair. I truly recommend this place, and ask for MEGUMI!!! She is the BEST!!!!
Snagged a LIfebooker deal for a 1-hr facial, and had a wonderful experience! Very charming space for midtown manhattan with a separate facial room that was nice & relaxing. My facialist, Okano, did a wonderful job with the extractions, and she  included a head massage and arm/feet work. Skin felt great afterwards. Very happy customer and will certainly be returning!
Got an amazing deal off Lifebooker for an amazing facial.  I could've probably fell asleep in there and skin feels like a million bucks!
It is very hard to find good Japanese Salons in New York. I am so glad that my dad told me about this one. Chisato is cute, friendly, dedicated, and has pride in what she does. She always listens to my ideas and concerns about my hair and she always responds with respect and interest. I wish I could take her and this salon with me to Miami. Perhaps this Salon is the only thing in New York I will really miss. Kimi is also a great manicurist and she has good artistic sense. She just came from Japan, so she also knows about the newest trends in Japanese nail art. Everyone at the salon is polite, and some might think it is expensive, but for the top grade products that they use, and the top class service that they provide, I would ALWAYS be willing to pay the price. If you can afford it, it's definitely worth it. Might help to be able to speak Japanese....though...lol. But even if you can't they will give you 100% of their attention and effort! Love you guys, and I'll miss you in Miami!
Excellent place to get a beautiful, unique manicure. The salon is clean and beautifully decorated, and the manicurists are polite and professional. There's a wonderful selection of beautiful nail designs/decorations, as the salon owner brings cutting-edge technology and new trends back from trips to Japan. Highly recommend.
After trying many high-end salons in the city (including Bumble and Bumble), pretty much every Japanese hair salon, and a disastrous coloring experience a while back, I have finally found someone who listens and understands! Truth be told I went in only wanting a trim, and had resolved to allow the awful color to grow out. Igor was delightful, gave me a lovely haircut, and then asked if I wanted to do anything about the color which I had mentioned I was unhappy with...he made some suggestions and I went with it, and an hour later my hair was lovely again. Such a nice, clean and professional salon with very friendly staff.
Just like the everyone else, I have nothing but praise for Yukie Beauty Spa.  I have been there twice, but using vouchers I had purchased, and both times were wonderful experiences. I am not from the area, but visit the city at least once a month, so I am usually trying to fit a lot of things in and Yukie has been extremely accomadating. My last visit was in February when it snowed and they worked with me as best they could to fit me in, and were friendly and kind the whole time; not the norm when dealing with prepurchased vouchers. Then the service was impeccable. My nail tech was very thorough and talented. She did a wonderful job on both my pedicure and manicure. The manicure lasted for more than 2 weeks and looked fabulous the whole time. My pedicure is still going strong about a month later. If I lived closer to the city I would be regular here. It is so refreshing to deal with people that take pride in their work and are a pleasure to deal with.
I purchased a living social deal for a gel manicure and it came out amazing. I've gotten quite a few gel manicures in the past and they never last as long as I expect them too. This manicure looks perfect still a week later. Im not sure what brand they use but its not the same brand you see at most salons and the results are definitely much better.
Fantastic gel manicure. HUNDREDS of color options, totally worth it.
When I first walked up the narrow steps to get into the salon, I was honestly kind of sketched out and did not know WHAT to expect. I had bought a $20 Living Social deal for a gel manicure and was almost regretting it, before I stepped through the doors and the atmosphere changed, full 180. The decor is beauuutiful and the staff super nice. My roommate and I went together and waited a very short amount of time before we got our nails done. Miki did an amazing job on my gels and they lasted perfectly for me for almost a month! I was also extremely impressed with the high quality of their products and equipment. Seeing the Chanel and Dior polishes in their collection was a pleasant surprise as well. Everything about the place screams refinement and high-class, and I will definitely be going back.
got a facial from lifebooker. simply the best! and the staff is so friendly and helpful.
The staff are very nice and friendly and they do the best gel manicure. Miki never disappoints. The owner is very nice and accommodating. He picks the staff carefully and makes sure you get what you need. I've been going to this place for a year now, I always get compliment on my nails. The gel lasts a long time and you can choose any art and they do it for you. The environment is clean and relaxing, also having a glass of wine after a long day is certainly a plus. I would highly recommend this place,
Hands down (no pun intended) best gel manicure I have ever received. Went here during my lunch hour and they had literally 8,000 choices of gel colors. The place is small so you have to call ahead but it's very spa-like and relaxing. The process was slightly different than a regular OPI shellac (or something like those) and it has remained beautiful and intact for 3+ weeks. I get compliments all the time on how shiny and wonderful my nails look....including men. They also gave me a 10% off discount card for when I come back!
I took a friend here as a bridal treat and got a regular pedicure, while she also got a regular pedicure and a gel manicure with glitter art. The main advantage here is for a relaxing experience - each person got their own room and had an amazingly huge couch to sit on. Really sophisticated and cute. The girl who did my pedicure looked rather miserable and really wasn't so friendly. However, my friend found both her nail artists really sweet and friendly. I guess everyone can have a bad day. It just wasn't the best customer service. The place has a separate salon and the stylists seemed to really know what they're doing. I might come back to try the hair salon but would probably skip the nail salon part. There's just too many places in the city that are comparable/better priced.
High end nail salon with high prices and ok service. I wasn't offered a beverage at any point during my service. I paid 28$ for a simple manicure and I didn't feel like it was special. It was difficult to communicate with my manicurist.  The hand massage lasted less than 30 seconds and I wasn't offered a shoulder massage. The atmosphere was serene until it got busier with loud customers. I would only come back here if I was looking for a crazy design.
I'm so happy with my Halloween nails!!! Yukari your are so talented. Thank you this is my most favorite nail set ever!!
I work in midtown and occasionally need to get a quick mani by my office.  After yelping a few places, I picked yukie.  While the salon is a bit more high end than your typical NYC nail spot, and you can polish your nails with Dior/Chanal colors, I just don't think a regular manicure was worth 2x the price as my typical manis in Murray Hill.  Also, per yelp, I made an appointment thinking that the salon would be very busy, but it was actually quite quiet.
Highly recommend! First - it's a clean place, quiet, nice soft music, employees don't chat loudly like in many other salons, I had the best hair wash and most important - a great haircut-layered bob style. Young lady by name Tchi (I hope I wrote correctly) did such a great job that now I receive min 10 compliments per day from my co-workers, hotel guests. Aurelia
Love! I came back and asked for gel extensions, which ended up lasting over a month. I had to file them down, and I was able to fill them in myself since I have a Sephora gel kit. I went back a third time and got another fab gel manicure. These gals are talented!!
$100 manicure but the service is good, they offer wine, tea or coffee, and of course i haven't seen anywhere else with unique japanese gel nails. Hard to get an appointment just by walking in so calling ahead for a reservation is a good idea.
Wonderful service! Very posh .. they accommodated me especially since I was a walk-in..Wasn't easy to find the door ..
I had gotten off from work early and I searched for really good nail salons on Yelp and found this little gem. This salon is absolutely amazing! I called to see if they had any available appointments and the gentleman on the phone was kind enough to tell me that if I could make it in half an hour, they can take me. As soon as I got there they opened the door for me, the nail tech pulled out my seat to sit me down and even offered me something to drink. Although the price is a little bit too high for me to get my nails done on the regular, I will definitely go back. I wasn't too pleased with the design on my nails but the service was so great that I'm still giving it 5 stars.
I got my nails done here before my two week vacation in Europe and opted for gel because I didn't want to worry about my nail polish while I was abroad...I know #fwp. I made an appointment by email which is convenient as I get embarrassed if I'm at work calling about a nail appointment. The appointments are long though because they take such care in each step of the process. My nails were handled so delicately!! I opted for their special of 1 color with glitter - $40 including the manicure! I thought it was such a cool deal especially because there are like 102938102931 colors to choose from and the technician paints on the gel in each stage. I would definitely come back and try some more interesting designs!!
BUYER BEWARE!!! I really wanted to give this salon a high rating and review, but I was disgusted with the way they handled an overcharge that appeared on my credit card. My experience started off wonderfully with the expectation that I would return. My pedicure with Haruka was meticulous and relaxing, and I enjoyed being situated in a small private room free of noise and irritating music. Unfortunately, things went downhill when I checked my bank statement at the end of the month and discovered that they had charged me FOUR times the amount I should have been billed!!! When I called the salon about the problem, Joseph (the manager) asked me to bring in a copy of my bank statement. When I did that, he reassured me that he would issue a credit immediately. However, about a half an hour later I got a call from him saying that the problem was my bank's fault! My bank informed me that the issue was with his merchant account provider, and they put through a chargeback on the spot. When I contacted the manager to let him know this, he did not take any responsibility for the overcharge nor do anything that would regain my trust as a customer. Oftentimes when this kind of snafu occurs, salons will offer a complimentary service to win the custom back. Not here! Needless to say, this experience left me with the heebie jeebies, and I thought it was important to let people know how this salon treats their customers. UPDATE: The salon saw my review and asked me if I would remove it in exchange for a free mani-pedi. I refused, because once again they didn't take responsibility for the error and wrote "overall it wasn't our mistake."
The price listed is deceiving. They charged me extra to remove my previous manicure! I paid $60.00 for gradient nails and when I was about to pay, they charged extra without even notifying that there was extra charge. Yuki, who gave my manicure, didn't understand a word of English and completely messed up my nails!
I left this place almost in tears.  No, not tears of joy either. So... this place is really beautiful.  It's right off Madison and E. 58th on the second floor.  My stylist was Kenji.  He was super nice, although his English is really limited.  I came in for an Air Wave perm.  I had been obsessed with this idea of the digiperm for years, but I'd always had highlighted hair (typical Cali girl) so I was previously told that I couldn't get a perm because my hair would be EFFED UP, i.e. the perm wouldn't take, my hair would be a frizzy, burnt mess, etc.  I tried to give my hair a rest from the highlights, but I just couldn't.  I'm a bleach addict.  Anyway, fast forward a couple years and I did some research about this new Air Wave technology that's supposed to be really gentle.  I figured, "I want, so I must have," and went ahead with it.   The process was long but not intolerable.  I started with a haircut and then the perm itself.  The chemicals didn't bother me, nor did the noise from the Air Wave machine.  Kenji was really hospitable and offered me matcha during my service.  After he rinsed me for the last time he even gave me a neck massage.  That was heavenly, although unexpected, after sitting in the salon chair for 3 hours.   The reason why I'm giving four stars and why I left this place disheartened is because of the last step in finishing my hair.  I don't think Kenji did a good job in styling my hair and telling me how I should care for it.  He just told me he did the best he could, which I believe, and that I needed to put oil in my hair.  Just as in my worst hair nightmare, I did leave a frizzy, dry mess.  I really didn't know what to do at that point.  Up until then I would've given this place five stars undoubtedly, but then I started to regret the whole thing.  Maybe I couldn't have my cake and eat it, too.  Could my hair be salvaged in some way?  What sort of products should I use?  What are my styling options?   All these questions rambled through my mind after I left with my pockets $360 lighter. Being the resourceful and optimistic person that I am, I figured it out with a little help from Google and my fellow hair divas, but I would've rather gotten that sort of advice from a hair expert like Kenji.  However, suffice it to say, now my hair is manageable and looks awesome! P.S.  If you're a new client, be sure to mention the 20% off discount.  For a pricey service like the Air Wave perm, it was definitely worth it.
This place is just too cute! I got out of work early and I just yelped a place nearby to get a manicure. I walked over and was buzzed in.  I walked in and just asked if they had space for me.  The woman at the desk was so sweet, she had a regretful look on her face because she had an appointment on the way but what impressed me most is she eagerly looked through the schedule to find a space for me.  The manager walked over and again, didn't seem too optimistic about fitting me in. However, they asked me to wait 10 mins to see if the appointment would arrive. Needless to say they didn't come and they set me up with Haruka. What impressed me the most was that they were so open and hospitable to me as a walk-in. The place is quite small, maybe no more than 4 tables for nails. So, I would recommend you make an appointment beforehand.  I initially came in for a regular manicure but after seeing their gel assortments and work the techs were doing I opted for gel to see how they faired.  The gel they do is LED gel, which means they apply it from a jar with small flat nail brush. I quickly pinterested a chevron design and I must say she replicated the art quite well! Granted all it is was a zigzag design at heart but the thickness and sharpness of the lines were impeccable and identical to the picture. The application of the gel wasn't thick and tastefully done. They don't soak hands or use hot towels but they get straight to prepping your nails. What I appreciated was they didn't file the mess out of my nail prior to application. After they are done with the gel, they apply cuticle oil, some lotion, and give a very relaxing massage afterward. Overall, I've decided to use this place for special occasions. The place was intimate and staff was very kind,  accommodating, and very skilled.
I been here a dozen times and everytime my experience is amazing. The staff is so nice, they always take me in on time (which has never happened at any other nail salon) and they do an AMAZING job. The regular pedicure is great, they give you a 10 minute foot massage and you get your own room. The gel manicure is also awesome it lasts me for 3 plus weeks each time.
Made my appointment three weeks in advance only to show up and them not having me saved in the system. Fabulous, I had a huge event that night and I REALLY needed my nails done. Well the gentlemen at the desk was nice enough to call the following appointment to come later so they could still accommodate me! Thank you Jesus!! I was thrilled and loved my calgel mani. They felt so bad about the misunderstanding they even decided not to charge me extra for my nail designs. Despite the confusion of my appointment I will definitely be returning in the near future!
I came here 2 weeks ago to use a living social voucher I had purchased over the summer. First of all I will start by saying my gel manicure still looks good (yup 2 weeks later!) As soon as I walked through the door the receptionist came and helped me out of my coat. Since I had an appointment there was no wait time, which is a plus !! As soon as I sat down I was served some green tea (at no additional charge). The tranquil atmosphere helps to calm and relax you as you are getting your mani done. Upon finishing my manicure, I once again I was helped to get back into my coat- I've never had this kind of service anywhere! The gel manicure here is made with actual gel, not the gel nail polish. I would definitely recommend coming here, it may be a little pricey but you can't beat a quality manicure that last's 3 weeks. *PS check out their automatic toilet,  now that's luxury :) !!!
I came in here in search for a fabulous nail job. I loved the staff super sweet and attentive to your needs. I got an appointment same day and was amazed. Ellie did my nails she did an excellent job and also pinched In with her ideas. I admit for those who are not crazy about nails might be a tad expensive. I will be coming back and it is my go to nails spot now!
Came here for a signature manicure and got star nail art on my two ring fingers. I loved the choices of nail polishes: Christian Dior and Chanel : )  Can't complain there! The saloon was clean, smelled good and had three nail artists working.  They do a nice job with cuticles, hand massage and the actual painting of the nails (very straight - no paint on your fingers!) I was impressed by the selection of designs they offered-very Asian but not typical flowers or french tip etc. that you would normally see at a nail bar.  While sitting, I got to look out at the nice window and the person next to me was sipping tea although I was not offered one : ( It seems like there are many regular customers and I was told I need to book 1 wk in advance for during the week manicure appointments (since they are open until 8pm). I will be back for special manicures for sure!
Clean and friendly environment. I like having my nails done in 'peace' - aka, not talking during my appointment. I enjoyed just staring out the window while the nail tech worked on my manicure. Didn't mind the conversations between the staff either- Japanese isn't exactly rough on the ears. The price is fairly steep, which is why I took off a star. I've gotten designs done before at various salons, and I don't think I've ever gone beyond $60 for a manicure. I got half moons (clear) on bottom, with black line over, then a sheer black with solid black polka dots and then another black line on tips. The breakdown was $60 manicure, $10 for lines and $10 for dots. Then tax+tip and come out near $100. It's a good place to go to for special occasion nails and whenever you'd like to treat yourself. I'm happy with the results and will ultimately be back due to their steady, meticulous efforts in creating a near-perfect product and the versatility of their creative offerings.
Great little saloon on E 58th Street. This is not a cheap Chinese owned nail spa, thus do not expect to pay 20 dollars for nails. But higher price tag pays off because you are getting a quality mani/pedi at Yukie Saloon!
I feel like this review will immediately be dismissed by most readers because I seem to be the only person that isn't head-over-heels for this place, but I'm gonna go ahead and speak my truth.  First, I want to say that this review is only for the nail spa portion of this business and that the artistry they can do on nails is indeed amazing and beautiful.  However, considering what I spent on my evening there (almost $500)  I was NOT happy, in fact I was sad. The pedicure is nothing above any pedicure you've had at any decent nail shop.  You do have a private room and a comfy chair, but there's no fancy massaging (or anything fancy) and the tub is actually a large plastic container.  My toes were cute, but this was nothing to rave about.  I didn't care about that so much, I just wanted a simple design and some fresh looking feet.  I got that.  So the pedicure experience actually earns a solid 3-4 star rating. When we moved on to my fingernails, the fatal flaw was the lack of ability to communicate between me and my nail tech.  She barely spoke any English, and I'm not fluent in Japanese or nail art.  I had lots of pictures of what I wanted, but of course couldn't get internet access on my phone.  I repeatedly asked for an ombre effect and got something completely different.  I didn't want thick, chunky nails and that's what I got--heavy, thick acrylic.  I used to get acrylics regularly several years ago and they were never as thick as the acrylic I got that night at Yukie's.  I was shown a bazillion lovely colors and picked out my choices, and was then told that I couldn't have those colors--still not sure why.  The explanation wasn't given fully in a way that I could understand, again because of the language barrier. Did my sister and I walk out with really cute nails that looked great in my wedding pictures?  Yes.  Did we get exactly what we wanted?  Not even close.  I'm actually a pretty laid back person and certainly not about to freak out over some nail color, but it was pretty frustrating to not be able to get what I wanted for my bridal nails and not understand why I couldn't have it, and then very saddening to pay so much money for it in the end.  I think a great solution would have been if the nail tech, once she realized that she couldn't understand what I was asking for, had gotten someone to help out or translate.  I just wanted to enjoy this as a treat to myself so after 45 minutes of trying to talk it out, I just gave up and let her give me her interpretation of what I wanted. The sad, sad ending to this sad, sad story is that once I got the acrylics taken off my nails were ridiculously thin and damaged.  They are so thin that there are ridges where the normal thickness of nail is growing back, and it hurts to wash my hands with warm water.   I really wanted to love this place and have it as a treat to me, but I'm so scared and skeptical about trying it ever again. :(
The place is confortable and the people are nice. They did a good job but the products they use are very bad quality. My nails fell apart while doing dishes JUST ONE WEEK LATER! $80 and I dont have them anymore.
I don't know what kind of gel they use but it literally peels off in one piece in about 4-6 days. totally crazy for 75 bucks. It was also applied really bumpy, maybe it was because  i got gradation, but it was a really horrible application. basically a total waste of money.
This was the first time I've tried gel nails.  The overall look of the application is nice except I didn't realize until it was too late that when the nails were cleaned and the cuticles trimmed the cuticles were not pushed back.  The result is that my nails look like they've already grown out and that the Polish was stopped about an 1/8 of an inch from the base of the nail.  The place was clean, the lady who performed the application was very nice.  The result was disappointing and the service was pricey compared to other places.  I will not be back.
So happy i found this place.. LOVE their acrylics... been trying so hard to find a good place since i moved here from Cali a year ago. Not sure why east coast ppl do not do acrylics often? because everywhere in cali you can find a decent place. IMPECCABLE service... i love jpanese ppl, their service is always amazing.
I traveled from New Jersey to get my hair done and today was my first visit to Hearts New York Salon & Yukie Beauty Spa.  As soon as I arrived I was greeted and immediately felt welcomed.  Instantly, I adapted to their atmosphere as it felt comfortable and tranquil. I needed to use the ladies room and was totally impressed.  I have never in my years of life have used a toilet as high tech as this one.  I actually Bing'ed it to share with you to show how sophisticated it is: Copy and paste link or click below: dailymail.co.uk/sciencet… After using the facilities I fell in love with HNY.  Not only are your privates freshened your spirits are lifted with the positive aura in the salon.  Then I was introduced to Chi my new hairdresser.  After discussion about my hair with Chi and the really nice fellow from the front desk I felt I was in good hands. My highlights needed to be corrected that I received at another hair salon in NJ and I needed a haircut as well.  Chi is very nice and attentive to your needs.  After the glaze was applied I was offered some hot tea and had a hot green tea that was delicious. Chi checked on the processing of my glaze to be sure all is processing beautifully.  When it was time to wash my hair OMG Chi gives a superb hair wash with a soothing massage, I was on cloud 9.  When all was done I also received a mini massage on my shoulders and again what a feeling. Thank you Chi and staff of HNY you won my heart.  Looking forward to coming back soon!  :) Thank you to Yelp.com to have allowed me to find such a great beauty salon.
Went for a mani/pedi. No better than most places. No big deal. Probably won't go back. Figured for the prices they're charging, they would be cleaner than most salons. Didn't see any sterilizing of instruments or sterilizing equipment. Surprisingly, they had a small nail color selection. I was shocked! They didn't even have the Essie pastels that are the current trend! The acrylic designs are BEAUTIFUL, no doubt about it. However, my toe design was rushed so one is visibly smaller and less detailed than the other. The ladies do not speak or understand English well, so that's a problem. There's only ONE pedicure chair in the salon! I was put out of the chair, before my design was completed, for the next appointment. When the technician saw the next appointment who was a regular client, she became visibly nervous, started rushing and then abruptly stopped working on my design. When I mentioned to the technician and the receptionist that one of my toe designs was visibly smaller and less detailed than the other, he said something in Japanese to the technician and then simply replied "sorry". No attempt to continue working on it was made. I can see myself making an appointment solely for the purpose of getting a design b/c they are beautiful, but that's about it.
I discovered this gem through a friend of mine for gel manicure. I usually don't get gel nailcure but this place might have changed that yesterday. I couldnt really decide on colors other i wanted some green and Yuka helped me picked perfect shades of green and orange. Her work was meticulous and i love looking at my perfectly polished nails. I highly recommend you to get gel manicure at this place. Although pricing is a tad bit higher than other places, you fully get what you are paying for at this place.
Oh. My.  Gosh.   The best nail place I've ever found in my life.  They will nailart you so hard that you won't know what to.  They even offer a discount to new clients.  The ladies (or artists) are a bit choopy with their English, so if you bring a picture (search #nailart on insta) that will defintely help you get your most desired results.  I am a little picky when it comes to my nailart.   MAKE AN APPOINTMENT!  -- We weren't able to get in our last time while in NYC.  Call ahead, especially if you're with 2 or more people.   If you are feeling extra funky, they will do unlimited nail art for a flat fee of $100.  I believe they said it's whatever they can do in an hour.  Again, if you have something in mind, call before and they will create the design prior to your arrival.  They can make 3D art of out of the gel or acrylic.  I am not exactly sure what they can "build" on your nails, but spend some time googleing if you're feeling adventerous.   The salon is so clean and I would consider it a fanicer nail place than your typical $35 mani/peda Vietnamese establishment.  The artists take such pride in their designs that they will photograph your nails afterwards.  I love the enthusiasm and passion that I felt here!  I would even consider getting my hair cut/dyed/styled here.... I think I saw some magic happening over yonder in the salon while I was getting my nails did. The gel polish they used is different than any other gel I've experienced.  It's actually in a little jar and they use a paintbrush to apply.  3 weeks and NOT ONE CHIP.  My regular nail lady in Chicago did have a little bit of difficulty removing the gel, but a small price to pay for perfection.   Thank you!
I had never paid more than $25 for haircut before. Not that I couldn't afford it. I didn't think it was justified. Let me tell you it is worth every penny. Igor was very helpful. He listens to you carefully and delivers what you ask for.
Excellent customer service. Kana was professional, kind and did an amazing job. I can't wait to go back.
I joined Yelp specifically to review this salon. I bought the Groupon promotion for a haircut and color with a deep conditioning treatment. The stylist was friendly and a delight to talk to, and she gave me a great cut. I am a bleach blonde and needed to have my roots redone. While she was washing out the dye, she realized it wasn't the color I had asked for, told me and redyed it. After a second process, it still wasn't what I asked for. The next day I called and said I needed it fixed. They got me another appointment right away, with Megu, a different stylist who fixed it flawlessly. At any other salon, this could have been a horrible situation, but it was absolutely painless and the entire time I was treated royally. Not only did they not charge me anything extra, Megu gave me another conditioning treatment for free because of all the dying my hair had been through. I found my salon! Also, i haven't gotten my nails done here yet, but a women getting a manicure while I was getting my haircut was literally squealing with delight so..Coming back for that too.
I bought a gel manicure coupon back in the summer. I wasn't expecting much as I've had bad experiences with such deals. This salon is GORGEOUS. The staff is courteous and my manicure was great. I was completely taken aback. Nobody tried to upsell me or have me purchase anything extra, and at the end they simply took my voucher and didn't try to add on any additional charges. The woman who did my nails even told me to LOOK for the upcoming facial deals, which I found to be very courteous. I'll be returning. And recommending. Do yourself a favor and visit! UPDATE: Salon is still gorgeous, staff is still amazing...but the gel manicures literally FALL OFF a few days later without a trace of polish left on your fingers. It's like Lee Press On nails from the 90's- there one minute, gone the next. Maybe it was just a fluke? Here's hoping.
TREAT YO SELF! Today I called and set up an appointment for the "milk, green tea, and honey" manicure... AND IT WAS AWESOME. Everyone was friendly and can you say DIOR AND CHANEL AND O.P.I?  OMG. This is not the type of place to run in and run out of.  This ain't a twenty minute quick manicure.  They are meticulous.  The girl I had was SO cute and her nails were like a work of art. They had relaxing jazz music going which helped me chill when I sat for ten minutes with hot, delicious smelling wax on my hands in little hand warmers. I was there for almost two hours, my nails were: filed, plucked, cleaned, cleansed, warmed, massaged, polished... and I spent $25 on the manicure.  WHAT? Go here now. p.s. Their toilet is life changing.  You'll see why...
I have no idea what everyone is talking about but I've always had amazing quality nails with this place. My nails last at most 4 weeks and look amazing. The one time a nail did mess up, I went back and they fixed it with no problem. They're courteous and do their job well. Love this place!
Ask for Mikki, she was great.  I got nail art and it looks great.  I've gotten tons of compliments and the gel they use is superior.  I will always come here for my manicures in the future.  Cost was $70 for nail art on each finger (two colors and silver lines in between the two colors.
It's a shame I can't give this place zero stars. For religious reasons when I booked this appointment I asked if it would be possible to have a female stylist for my hair appointment. The guy was really friendly and said it wasn't a problem.  However, I got a completely different vibe when I walked into the salon. Front desk was standoffish at best and I was shown to a chair where I sat for half an hour before being told they didn't have anyone to cut my hair, only male stylist. So I could take that or leave. No one is asking you to accept or understand my religious beliefs by why book me in or why wait half an hour to tell me. So I was hurried out feeling stupid, with no real apology, no offer to rebook and with fits of giggles behind me. My face probably didn't fit.
I have to admit, this is my first Yelp review. I usually feel like I don't have time to write Yelp reviews, but for Hearts salon I'm making time because I have to give credit where credit is due. This place is wonderful. I have been here twice, one with a Lifebooker deal for for full highlights, cut and a blowout, and once to get my nails done. I did not have a deal for my nails, but I was willing to pay full price because the design I wanted was very detailed and I couldn't find another salon that could do it. My hair and nails turned out wonderful. My highlights were multi-dimensional, shiny and the exact color gold that I requested. My nails were fabulous, and they were exactly like the picture of the nails that I wanted. The staff here is overwhelmingly polite and respectful. Many of them don't speak very good English, but the male receptionist is always there to help translate and explain to the stylists what you want. I'm young and don't have a lot of money to spend on salon services (especially in a city like New York) but I make an exception for Hearts NY. I've decided that I'm willing to pay full price for their services - because I know that I'll always get the best!
This review is for nails only. I got a living social deal for a gel manicure for $20 and figured to use it before I go away on vacation. Well i was PLEASANTLY surprised by this place!!! I got there and was blown away by the cleanliness ... the professionalism ... everything was great. I was seated and my amazing gel manicure began. First of all, they have over 100 colors to choose from, as well as over a dozen fun designs!! The girl who did my nails too her time and did a wonderful job. THe pedicure was fantastic as well. It was very relaxing and she also did some fun designs on my toes. I love this place and have already rescheduled my next appointment!!!
Got a deal here from Living Social for a $20 gel manicure. I am definitely a little bit skeptical when I get deals (Living Social, Groupon, Rue La La, etc.) because I think "Why are they having such a good deal? Is business really bad?". I am also VERY picky about gel manicures. I am a bit compulsive when it comes to my nails, always has to be perfect. I've tried pretty much all of the gels out there... OPI, Shellac, Cal Gel, Gelish... you name it, I've had it. Hearts uses a gel called Bio Sculpture Gel, which I had never heard of. When Yuki showed me the color choices, I was beyond excited. There were 180 choices, plus you could add sparkles on the tips... which I've never seen in gels. I picked an adorable mint green with some mint sparkles on my ring fingers -- which was an additional $3 each. Yuki was so sweet and it didn't feel like she was rushing me through a factory, which is usually the case in Manhattan nail salons. She did each nail carefully and thoroughly, which definitely did not go unnoticed. I'm not sure how long the gel will last but she said it would last 2-3 weeks. Time will tell. The place itself is great, too. When you buzz up, you walk up to the second floor and someone is there to great you at the door... so polite! They check you in and bring you a drink (water, tea) and have you seated. The staff was super friendly which goes a long way... very much appreciated. Additionally, I noticed their regular nail polish selection. I noticed the typical brands such as OPI, Essie, and China Glaze but then I noticed that they also carried Dior and Chanel. While I don't go to too many upscale nail salons in NYC, I have never seen this and was quite impressed. I always want to try some of Chanel's beautiful colors but would never buy a bottle. Good to have that option there. Lastly, the cherry on top. I always have to use a bathroom wherever I go, I'm just one of those people who can't hold it for more than an hour. I asked for the restroom when I was all finished and was shown the the back. The toilet was one of those that is motion activated and opens when you get to it. And... it was heated. I was floored. Perfect end to a perfect manicure.
I love this place! I have been here twice and it was always easy to get an appointment. Plus, the location is pretty convenient, right across from lavo. The receptionist and Yukie herself were very nice, offering drinks (coffee, tea, water) and helping me pick out colors and designs, they have a really wide selection of designs including cute Japanesey stuff (ex. Hello kitty, leopard print, etc) if that's your thing. My gel manicure with Yukie was done quickly and beautifully and most importantly, they lasted about 2 weeks without chipping a nail. And this is big coming from a gal who usually chips her nails in less than 3 days. My second gel manicure I added stones and they were very pricey ($77 excluding tip) but they lasted equally long and looked very cute. I will be back!
I had a regular pedicure by Yuka this evening.  I'm telling you, all these 5 star reviews are absolutely true.  What a great find, and close to my office!  Yuka was so sweet and gentle, and took her time with details.   The customer service here is excellent.  The prices here are great for the service you receive.  I can't wait to go back for more.  I'll probably try a gel manicure next.  So excited!
I bought the deal in groupon a while ago. Lived the service from the salon. The hair designer Igor is a very nice guy. He tried to understand my hair type and provide me with a good suggestion of how to make my hair suitable fr my look and still keeping the health hair. Only problem I have is the designer didn't have any assistant to help them out. It's wasting time fr designer to prep. Overall all, it's nice salon!
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said? It's the best experience ever, it's definitely on par with Sakura, only much more convenient for me now. Yuka is meticulous, and so great to work with. If you want to try something new and you don't like it, she'll take it off and do something else. They bring you great green tea if you want and the place is really relaxing. The manicure isn't cheap, for what I usually get it's around $60, but it's worth every penny when you work in a job where people notice every detail of your appearance down to the cuticle.
Absolutely in love with this place. Got living social deal for cashmere smoothing and gel manicure... wish I now got the pedicure one too! Such a great deal and the service here is amazing. It's located right next to Tao on the 2nd floor of the bldg. The space is so clean, new and relaxing... feels like you're at home. The music is great too, relaxing but contemporary music.. very good vibe. Right when I got there everyone was very welcoming and the man at the front desk was very so nice and helpful with my bags. Megu did my cashmere straightening..  love her and the process itself. She checked out my hair and explained to me what it would do to it was very realistic in what she could do and definitely listened to me and what I wanted for the treatment and my cut. Took her time and even another woman that worked there helped work on my hair at the end since the process does take a few hours with straightening it. Miki did my gel nails and she was great! Quiet but that's ok because I do not like to talk much while I'm getting them done, she was very precise with her work and even helped flip the magazine pages for me since my hands were in the UV thing! lol. All around such great service, you can tell they really do care about their reputation and customers. This is so close to my work on park ave and I can't say one bad thing, even their prices are pretty solid.  I'm so happy living social introduced me to this place. I will definitely be back!!
Amazing.  I wish I knew about them sooner.  Yes, it costs a little more to get a gel mani here than at a nail factory, but after 2.5 weeks, my only complaint is that my nails are getting a little too long to type.   Miki took her time and really did my nails right.  Even when taking her time, I was in and out in about the same amount of time a regular mani would take.  This was the first gel manicure that I've had that didn't lift at the edges within 2 weeks   Great attention to detail.  Great selection of colors (almost too many from which to choose).  Really comfortable chairs.  Cute space.  Great front desk.   You won't regret giving Hearts & Yukie a try.
I usually go to cheapy-deapy places for my nails (I used to think they weren't worth dropping lots of $$ on) but I had very specific nail art in mind and figured I'd go to a more upscale spa to get it done right. This place is incredible. Their space is gorgeous and really calming, I was greeted at the door and offered a drink as soon as I walked in. You get your OWN PRIVATE ROOM for a pedicure and the nail artist was so meticulous. It was so luxurious I almost wanted to fall asleep. The manicure was excellent, and she was able to copy the art I wanted from a picture exactly. I got gel instead of regular nail polish, and they use a brand I'd never heard of called Bio Sculpture Gel. It's great quality, you can tell right when it's put on. I'm definitely going back. The prices aren't too steep, especially considering the location and level of service they provide. It's definitely worth it. You should know, this isn't the type of place to go if you're on a time crunch. The nail artists are very detailed and take their time. Prepare for some relaxation.
My first ever review just because of this gem in Manhattan. Received a gel manicure with nail art for about $65. Yuka was extremely attentive to details and accommodating to my change in nail art midway. I will only be coming here from now on :)
So I had heard good things about this place as well as read the good reviews and I was expecting to be wowed. I didn't realize that they were by appointment only. So when I walked in off the streets that guy at the front desk was surprised, but they accommodated me. It's $7 per nail for acrylics and then an extra $20 or so for polish, so my full set came to be about $94 dollars. This is a little steep but I'm willing to pay if it's good quality... Too bad it wasn't. Although the girl did a great job on my cuticles there was absolutely no massage in my entire experience which is insane for a $100 manicure. I was impressed with her sculpting the acrylic but they're flimsy and after less than 48 hours of my normal routine 3 nails have broken. Definitely not worth the money.
I went to Hearts New York & Yukie Beauty Spa for a Gel manicure and regular pedicure, and found it to be a very upscale, calm, and relaxing salon where I experienced the most meticulous mani/pedi I've ever had. The type of gel nail color they used came in little pots that my manicurist applied with a brush, which she also said was a very high quality brand from Japan. The pedicure was also great, performed in a PRIVATE ROOM during which I was also served tea. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, from the receptionists to my manicurist and I even received a discount card for my next visit! I work with my hands and even if I'm careful I'm lucky if my manicures last a couple days, gel manicures maybe a week, but after my HeartsNY experience my nails lasted 3 weeks, and probably would have longer because the only reason I took it off was because my nails had grown out so much.
I had a living social gel manicure here and it was great. The staff is adorable and really helpful. I felt like I was away from the hustle and bustle and that she really wanted my mani to look good. They offered tea, coffee or water. It was clean and there was relaxing tunes in the background. My chair was comfortable and my nails ended up looking great!
I did a hair color today. It was my first time here. The environment is so great! I simply did hair color and it took 2 hrs. The artist made my hair tail kinda wave as I required in the end. It's a little bit expensive than other Japanese salon but I like it. I attached a pic, sorry my frizzy hair may not look great, it's my problem not theirs
This review is for Yukie Beauty Spa, i been doing my nails here for the last 6 months, i seriously think this is the best place to get gelish nails done, great ambience, great price, very polite service and they are sooooo many colors to choose from. If you do pedicure, you will be brought into a private room, how nice but won't do if you are going there with your friend. Reservation recommended.
I just had one of the most amazing experiences getting pampered at the Hearts Salon on East 58th Street via Groupon.  For $54.00 I got a haircut, partial highlights, shampoo, deep conditioning, a glass of red wine, and a head and shoulder massage.  I feel like a million bucks and didn't have to break the bank :)  The staff is great.  The environment is nice and calm and they even played jazz music in the background!  I am definitely a huge fan and will be going back there for more services. Gail G.
When you need a decently priced mani/pedi in a convenient place, Yukie is the place to go.  They are quick, have a wide range of colors, and give pretty good massages.
Amazing experience :) I love love love their customer service and atmosphere. Gel nail was exactly the way I wanted! AMAZING!!!
Recently had my nails done here - bio sculpture and they were AMAZING!! She did a removal & full set virtually within an hour. Staff were on the ball, the guy who answered the phone & booked me in answered all my questions and was very patient. Have rebooked my next set already!!
I needed a mani and pedi for my sister, 3 yr old daughter and myself as a little treat for my sister's birthday. The owner was so helpful in accommodating us and the staff was so wonderful. My daughter was not scared at all as I left her with the manicurist! We had a good relaxing time!
