By far the best prime rib sandwich I've ever had. A comfortable place to have a meal with friends. Highly recommended!
Back in the late 90s, around 97, the deli on Hertel opened.   A good friend of mine was one of the original employees.  Although I never really got hooked up with free food, I still rolled thru to say wazzuup and eat some dank food.  The Forget About It is one of the all time classic Italian sandwiches and everything else I've had is pretty dope.  Don't sleep on the Marcos!
Marco's is the Leonardo Da Vinci of the Buffalo sandwich world; their "sangwiches" are  renaissance masterpieces! Quality ingredients, excellent flavors, attention to detail, and friendly service. Added bonus with the  homemade flavored mayo, marinated eggplant, and killer canolis made fresh to order. I only wish there was a location right next to my apartment, or even a Marco's food truck that could follow me wherever I go!
Food have never been anything short of amazing! You'll never leave hungry! Chili mayo is the best!
AMAZING sandwiches!
I really like Marcos.   It a bit on the expensive side for a sandwich but your getting a Sangwich here.  Always delicious.  They use boars head meats which contributes to this.  They also make most of their mayonnaise and aoli fresh in-house.  My usual is the Hertel. Roast beef, swiss, hot peppers and garlic mayo. Devine.  They also serve homade soars and sides with revolving specials.  Worth the trip for sure.  I'll be back.
best mustard potato salad i ever had. sandwiches are excellent!
A great menu with plenty of exciting and innovative choices for a meat lover but very few options sans carne. I haven't had a sandwich here that I didn't enjoy and will slowly work my way through them all. The staff is friendly, patient and passionate about food.  The specialty sandwiches all have goofy names that perpetuate Italian stereotypes, but it's all in good fun.
It's a good lunch but sometimes I feel underwhelmed
Dropped by with a friend for lunch on a Tuesday.  The staff greeted us instantly!  The menu is scattered around three different parts on the wall, and should be consolidated.  That being said they have plenty of sangwhichs for all different tastes.  I went with the "Big Bird", and was blown away!  Everything was fresh and of high quality.  Drinks are in bottles and cans (Coke products).  The "sangwhich" and bottle of Coke ran me about $10.  The service was real slow (only one other person was there too!) so this might not be the place for a quick.  All and all if you have time be sure to give them a shot!  Ya hear!!! :)
I've been here a couple times and have not been disappointed!  Today's treat was a Bugsy Segal - Salami, Turkey, ham, sliced pepperoni, red peppers, fontinella cheese and their "goomba" sub oil. Toasted, flavorful goodness right there.  Great "Sangwich" and priced right.
Fantastic as always! The Mama Mia is the best! The Mama Mia is my favorite! Even the kids had one tonight. Oops the spicy mayo was a bit much, but they still loved it!
Marco's makes a great sub...one of the best in town! I have always had a good meal here.
deliciious soups...and "sangwiches"......
deliciious soups...and "sangwiches"......
Good subs, although slightly pricey. There are plenty of options with some unique toppings you can't get everywhere.
I have been here about 20 times in the past year, and I have yet to have a bad "Sangwich". Everything from the Big Johnson (their version of the Royal) to the Mama-Mia (Turkey club) are all amazing! I highly recommend subbing for chipotle mayo on any sub, it is amazing! One time I even saw a guy come in strictly for a tub of the stuff, it's THAT GOOD! I will continue coming here as long as I am living in the Buffalo area, and I would take these guys every day of the week over their competitor down the street (Joe's). On a side note, I almost always order take-out from here and have yet to actually eat in their dining room. I've never waited longer than 15 minutes for my food to be ready (I'd recommend calling ahead). The one thing I do wish, but I won't take off any points for, is that they had a place to advertise their specials of the day.
After reading all of the reviews, I expected to be blown away by the food! I wasn't. But, it wasn't bad either. There were two of us and we each got a sandwich to split. The sausage in my panini was a flat square as opposed to the standard sausage I was expecting. In the Bianca (chicken, spinach, mozz, peppers), there was a ton of spinach but not much flavor. If you check in on Yelp in advance you get a free canolli with the purchase of a meal. However, I didn't take advantage of the offer (we didn't do meals). We ordered the food to go and they gave it to us for here instead. When the did pack it up to go, one of the bags was dropped on the floor on the line. Not a huge deal (it was well wrapped), but a new bag would have been nice after that. I'll be going back to give it a second shot.
We were going to tailgate before the bills game, but since it was quite cold out we decided to just grab sandwiches from marco's before instead!  So glad we did! What a cute deli! They have a nice selection of sandwiches, but not being a meat eater I had a few less options, but still a nice selection! My husband I shared the Manhattan Hide Out, a panini with eggplant, mushrooms,etc. and Foot of Ferry, a cold tuna sandwich. The Foot of Ferry was a pretty typical tuna sandwich, with a ton of tuna, they definitely didn't skimp out!  The Manhattan Hide Out was the winner though, oh my, it was so full of flavor! I would go back for the Manhattan Hide Out any day!  Service was friendly and efficient as well, love a place that feels like a good ol fashioned deli!
Marco's and Joe's are the two go-to delis in Buffalo for fancy delicious amazing sandwiches. You can't go wrong with either one, but I'm going to break it all down for you and tell you the differences between Buffalo's 2 best sandwich shops... Joe's and Marco's. But let me specify... the Marco's near Joe's, on Hertel is just not as good! Don't get sucked in! It's not nearly as good as the one on Maple, their newer location... so... Joe's on Hertel... but Marco's on Maple, not on Hertel. Got it? OK. Before I start let me just say. Get the Hangover from Joe's. Get the Sinatra from Marco's on Maple (the one on Hertel doesn't even have it). End of story. Now let's get on with it. So today we're going to focus on Marco's. I like the Maple location better than the Hertel location. Why is that, I hear you screaming into your plastic dollar-store megaphone. Because the food always tastes slightly better to me, and I think the employees in he Maple store are lovely, especially the really cute blonde girl that draws pictures on to-go boxes to match the name of the person who ordered. So what if I have a crush on her. It's a free country. I can crush while I'm eating my sandwich if I want to. It's not like she ever reads Yelp anyway. What's that you say? She checks the reviews daily? Oh crap... so like I was saying all along. The Hertel location is where it's at... ;) So instead of telling you all the great things about the Maple location, I am going to tell you why the Hertel location isn't as good, and only gets a 4. Then you can go and read my Maple location review and salivate. I tried to order my beloved Sinatra from the Hertel location, and they didn't have it. They also said they make a lot of the sandwiches (sangwiches) differently. So I looked for one that had Prime Rib (which is the key ingredient on a Sinatra), and I had 2 choices. The Nickie Whispers sounded good, so I got that. I asked for Basil Mayo in stead of Mayo (most come with one or the other). First of all I was very disappointed that the girl charged me an extra $1 or so, just to have a different kind of mayo. That is beyond ridiculous. That's the kind of thing I will not go back to a place for unless it's AMAZING, and this place is not as amazing as the other location which never charges me for things like that. Then the sandwich itself... it was good, but it was a little bit over the top, and if the Prime Rib at the other location is like a 10/10, for tenderness and juicyness and deliciousness, thick cut perfection, this version is thin cut, stringy, chewy, grizzly, and not remotely tender. So it should really get a 3, but everything else on the sandwich does make it taste good so it still scrapes a 4. At the other place... Their Muffaletta is fantastic, and in my opinion better than Joe's Deli (and spicier). Some of their sandwiches are just okay (like the cold ones, and the paninis). But there is one sandwich that rises above all the competition and says "you will nom this sandwich from now until eternity." And that sandwich is named the Sinatra. And you must eat it. And you must love it. And you must spread the word to the rest of the flock about its orgasmic goodness. But this location doesn't have it so like I said, go to the Maple location and try it. Oh and I almost forgot, their Cannoli is also fantastic. It's not quite on the level of New York City Cannoli (and I'm talking about the best of the best, in Brooklyn, at Cannoli Plus and Villabate Alba), but it's definitely my fave Cannoli in Buffalo. Although my cannoli-addicted friend loves the one at Louie's on Main in Williamsville too. If I could only recommend one deli in town, I'd be completely lost. I'd insist you go to two... here (Maple location) for the Sinatra and Joe's for the Hangover. Eat both of them and then try choosing between them. Seriously. This could be an episode of Food Feuds. In fact it should be. Damn I'd be so good on the food network. Damn.
Simple, friendly, tasty. Great sandwich variety. 2 of us had salads and other 2 sandwiches.  Loved the Paisano off the special board. Everything was fresh and fast. We'll be back!  Cannoli was a nice treat to top it off.
The panini was AWESOME! To top it off i am marrying into an New York Italian family and i know all about Itialing delis and this is one of the best! The canoli was SPECTACULAR!
Marcos will put a smile on your face. After you stuff it with their beautiful sandwiches of course.  Their muffuletta is sized for 2.  Huuuuge.  Bought a combo and checked in on Yelp to catch a free cannoli.  It was one of the best I've had. Wide selection of sandwiches and Boars Head Meats. Solid solid deli.
DELIVERY: This place doesn't really have delivery. Not in the traditional sense. I'm sure others have gotten sandwiches delivered, but here's what happened to me: I wanted a Marco's sub for lunch. They told me there was a $15 minimum, plus a $3 delivery fee. Great. I was actually willing to pay $18 + tip for a sandwich (probably not a good idea, in retrospect). Then, I gave them my address and they said it was too far away. What?? I live one mile -- not 1.1 miles, but one mile flat -- away. I know they have to make $, and I'm guessing they would have delivered a bigger order. However, the best I can say about Marco's delivery is that it is delivery* (with an asterisk). THAT SAID: I love this place. This is probably the only restaurant that could get away with not delivering when they say they have delivery and still get five stars from me. We actually ordered sandwiches from Marco's for our wedding. I rarely eat meat, but when I do, I go immediately for a simple salami sub. I get it with lots of lettuce, tomatoes, mayo and cheese, and it's awesome -- exactly what a sandwich should be. The vegetarian options are all excellent, too, and I love their "Hertel" sandwich as well. Pretty much everything I've ever had here has been awesome. EATING TIP: I always ask for the sandwiches without oil, but if you like oil, they do slick it on.
Love this spot. Love it mostly because it carries Boars Head cold cuts and as a Long Islander that's what we live for in our endless amount of delis and bagel stores. The sandwiches are dynamite here however they have a steep price for a lunch item. I also would not agree to much on it being an all-out Italian deli? Most of the options have turkey, steaks, chicken fingers which are never seen in a true Italian joint. Nonetheless eat some of the options here with their specialty mayos because they are great. I'm very pumped to have them catering for monthly work function at the hospital for the next year. I'm even happier when I check in on Yelp and get a free cannoli! Stop at this location or whatever Marco's is nearby and have a very satisfied belly!
Love it! It's perfect little place to hang out. The food is delicious and everyone is always so nice! I'd recommend it to anyone!
My husband and I were heading to the Buffalo Zoo and needed to grab some food before hand. I quickly did a search for sandwiches near the zoo. We walked in and there was no one there, a little surprising for a Friday afternoon just after 12, but none the less the guy, I assume Marco, was really helpful when he found out we had never been before. We ended up getting the "forget about it" and the "John Gotti". I think the first one wasn't suppose to be panini'd but I asked for both of them to be, I prefer my sandwich pressed. I also asked for chili mayo on both (the spicyest of the mayos). Both sandwiches came to just under $20; in the state's, this is a little pricy for just 2 sandwiches, or so I thought. When the sandwiches came out I was so impressed. The ratio of meat to bread and toppings was perfect, there was so much meat but it didn't over power the other ingredients. All the ingredients were fresh and delicious. Each sandwich came with a quarter of a pickle, that must've been one massive pickle because the piece was huge. When I tasted the sandwich I realized the price was totally worth it. We both thought we would enjoy the John Gotti more because it had salami but I think I ended up liking the Forget About It more. If you're in the area you should definitely go by and get some pressed sandwiches. Epic.
This place has a crazy collection of craft Italian subs. If you're looking for an awesome lunch after a day at the Zoo, stop on by here. It's worth coming here to see what their off-menu special subs are. The owner/manager was on premises and was very friendly and nice taking my order. You could tell that he loved what he was doing and put his heart into the food. -1/2 star because they didn't have fried eggplant.....they have fresh, marinated egglplant.....but I'm used to fried -1/2 star because they took a long time to make my order....too long for a sub Overall, great place to stop in off of the street for lunch or even dinner. I'll definitely be back. Seating is limited.
. Great food! Best subs...owner is great..they aim to please.
The hubs surprised me with a picnic from Marco's Italian Deli for our wedding anniversary on Labor Day Weekend...it was a great experience. For about $45 we got a full picnic...two sangwiches, a couple different salads, chips, dessert, drinks, and a basket to put it all in.  It was a ridiculous amount of food and everything was so good! We took our basket, blanket, and a couple bottles of wine down to Hoyt Lake, tucked ourselves into some trees...dined...and then boozed and snoozed.  It was a very relaxing 4 year wedding anniversary :) Although the best part of picnicking is coming up with your own special menu,  I think the idea of a restaurant preparing a picnic for you is pretty cool...and could be used for those spur of the moment type dates :) Even though you get two canoli with your picnic purchase, don't forget to use your Yelp Check-In Offer and get two additional free canoli.  Two will hit the spot just right, trust me.
If you are looking for a serious Italian Sandwich - do not look any further.  I'm serious.  No stop - I'm serious, serious - FOR REALSIES, you need to stop here - order ANYTHING and you'll understand.... I came in one afternoon missing Boston's North End and surprised my taste buds with a treat.  I was blown away, I ordered the Bugsy Segal.  This was an Italian cold cut sandwich that I thought wasn't possible in Buffalo.  The following weekend, my sister and brother-in-law were in town for the Bills game.  I swore they would love it.  They were a little suspicious as well, but on Sunday evening, after a day of tailgating, they requested a visit back to Marco's for dinner.  It was amazing again. Oh... And even if you are starving....  Good luck eating both halves of the sangwich - it's humongo! But - regardless.... save room for a cannoli... They are wonderful!
Stopped by Marco's on the way to the airport based on other Yelpers high praise.    Verdict:  The reviews were spot on.   Marco's Deli is a great little family joint close to the Buffalo Zoo.  We were looking to eat half a sandwich or so and take the other half to go on the plane.  Wife ordered the Uncle Guido and loved the mix of the marinated eggplant and the hot peppers with fresh salami and mozzarella cheese.  I finally decided on the Hertel and boy what a sandwich!  The roast beef, melted swiss and grilled onion with hot peppers was delicious.  It was only made better by the lettuce and tomato mixed with the incredible garlic mayo.  This sandwich was one of the best I have ever had, hands down.  Needless to say, I finished my entire sandwich and didn't have anything to take with me.   After the meal we got to talking with Nick about the history of the deli and all people from all around the country that have stopped by for a bite.  He easily convinced us to try a pair of homemade cannolis with chocolate chips on top.  They were fabulous and my 2yr old was left cleaning the plate.  Nick even wrapped the other half of my wife's sandwich in paper instead of foil so the TSA wouldn't give her a hard time. On our way out we both agreed that if we lived in the area we would be stop by quite often.  Next time we visit up this way, we will be sure to drop in.
These are the best sangwiches around! My entire family got take out for Shakespeare in Delaware park and we were all so happy with our meals. The staff was super friendly and pleasant. The prices are really low for what you get in my opinion, top quality fresh delicious everything!
Ate lunch here today.  Driven by a few times and decided to give it a try and have to say it was good experience. Ordered over the phone some soup and two sangwiches. (a sub basically) soup of the day, minestrone. Place was very comforting walking in. Deli counter and cooking up front, little seating area in the back. Nice earth tones. Guy behind the counter asked if I called in. Said yes and he said oh I'm just putting together the prime rib one now. He then got my soup and proceeded to tell me how good it was, even though he is not a big vegetable soup guy. Told him I was looking forward to trying it as I just moved back from Vegas and have never been there before. That started a whole conversation about the place. Telling me how they other out of towners stop in all the time to get stuff as they arrive and before they leave Buffalo. Told me how people get addicted to their chipotle and chili mayo's that they make there. Actually even shipping some to people. Gave me a taste of the chipotle on some roast beef. It was delicious. Smooth and creamy up front then with a little tingle 20 seconds in. Convinced me to try one of his cannoli's too as they use his Grandma's recipe. Now this type of place is what makes Buffalo great. Nice family style deli, just trying to make bomb food. And super friendly to customers, helping build the community. Guys asked my name walking out and introduced themselves. I'll definitely be back in to see Nick and John, as they didn't boist for nothing, The food was fantastic.
This place is f#%^!!!!! Amazing!!!!
Forget-About-It Enough said.  Hands down the best tasting sub I've had from anywhere in Buffalo.  The chili mayo is impeccable, and I love the hot peppers. Overall, a good and cheap place to get a quick meal.
This deli is everything I imagined, plus more. As Marco's funny "breaking news" TV ad states..."Do Not Try To Apprehend One Of Their Sangwhiches (sp on purpose, emphasis added), By Yourself!". I couldn't agree more with that slogan as we had lunch there yesterday and the sandwiches are so big that my wife took the the other half today for her lunch. I had the "Mama Mia" and my wife had the famous "Fugettabotit"(sp). We started with some Italian wedding soup which was some of best I've had in a long time. Perfect balance of ingredients and viscosity which is what makes a good wedding soup. Both sandwiches were very fresh and assembled to perfection and then toasted perfectly in a Sanguwhich(sp on purpose) press, just to achieve the perfect light crust and grill marks on the roll. I can tell that Marco's prides themselves in using only gourmet grade cold cuts by "Boars Head" and the freshest breads and condiments. In addition to the great sandwiches , next time I am there, I am definitely going to try some of the amazing looking cold pasta and other intriguing dishes which were neatly displayed in the deli case. This place is worth the drive, we drove from downtown hungry and we are glad that we did. Marco takes great joy in this establishment and you can tell by how friendly everyone is and how well the place is operated. Very clean and organized. They have a cool lunch lottery where you can text a number for a chance to win lunch. Both my wife had to pay!  I did receive an amazing Yelp check in gift, a cannoli. It was homemade and Marco's grandmother's family recipe.  Very good! We will go back to Marco's in the near future.
Delicious and very fresh subs  (no chicken finger subs here).  It's like the complete opposite of jim's steakout for subs.  Interior is really cute inside, and the is a good sized seating area in the back.  The vegetarian sub with shaved eggplants was delicious.  I love the spicy mayo and also the sesame seeds on the bread.
Note: They do not deliver, although it is flagged as having delivery. (Note - the 3* isn't about Marco's food, but I can't post without stars.. and I want there to be a log that they don't deliver :-)).  This is FYI and not a criticism!
Place is great, such great food and what makes me even happier is that it's locally owned and not a chain. My favorite gourmet sangwiches here are the Barbarino which has Turkey, roast beef, lettuce, onion, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, mozzarella, and mayo, and the Forget About It which has Roast turkey breast, red peppers, provolone cheese, red onion, lettuce, and Marco's Famous Chili Mayo. The best part of this whole place is the chili mayo, it's one of the best tasting mayo's I've ever had in my life, you have to try it. Words cannot express how this mayo tastes on the forget about it either, it makes the sangwich what it is. My favorite Pannini Sangwiches are the Dino Martini which has grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella,prosciutto,sun dried tomato basil mayo, and the Maria Goumade which has Turkey, pepperoni, ham, provolone cheese, red peppers, tomatoes, red onion, with chili mayo. Marco's deli has some awesome unique food that you have to go in of one of  their locations and try them. This is my favorite deli in Buffalo, NY.
Best Sandwich shop on the Hertel Strip, hands down.  I make a point to always stop there after grocery shopping at Dash's to pick up a Gotti and a pound of Boars Head roast beef - one of the few spots in the city I've found that carries it.
I had the check-in offer for a free canoli with combo purchase. It was a delicious canoli that is not premade.  I tried the muffaletta sandwich, which turns out is way more food than I could handle in one sitting. It doesn't come with sides, but you can order chips, or there are pasta dishes that you can add on to your order. There aren't too many times when I say, "oh my God!"  at the quantity of food. There are a wide variety of mayonaise options for your sandwich, so be sure to ask! There is a neat picture of Marilyn Monroe on the wall bench pressing. You can also get a code to use the Wi-Fi.  As I sat at my table, the service was great, and they came over to my table several times  to make sure that I had everything that I needed. So for Marco's italian Deli, I really like it.
