*Note: this review is pertaining to the drinks (not the food): My order: Pineapple Upside Down Cake Martini PROS: +DRINKS: More often than not, bars advertise fancy titled martinis that don't really live up to their name. I was pleasantly surprised with my martini. My pineapple upside down cake martini was very delicious and the cake flavor was sweet but not over the top. The cherry was like icing on the cake :) +AMBIANCE: It was very lovely. I love the delicate touch of the night lights that graze the windows. It is a beautiful addition which I'm sure attracts a lot of females. Nonetheless, it still has the makings of the traditional bar (many TV's to catch a sports game, table top game machines, etc.). +SEATING: Very spacious, the joint had a number of patrons even on the Thursday night that I went. +PARKING: Bullfeathers has their own parking lot which is definitely helpful. It's so tough finding a parking spot on Elmwood sometimes. CONS: - PRICING: I say this lightly because I'm comparing it to the other more 'dive' bars in the area. I think that it is fair considering the quality of product offerings, ambiance and parking offering.
While their food is good, I prefer their mixed drinks most of all. Usually my husband and I venture to JP Bullfeathers on Sunday mornings when we've recovered from the night before. JP Bullfeather's Bloody Mary's are the thing to order! I never liked Bloody Mary's, but once my husband ordered one and I took a sip, I was hooked. Don't worry, I ordered my own and didn't steal his ;) They're amazing and now I'm hooked! I never thought I'd ever look forward to them, but here I am. Their mimosas are very tasty too and normally what I would go for, but seriously, these Bloody Mary's are business.   Their food is fine. I've never thought to myself "You know what sounds good? JP Bullfeather's food." But I've definitely enjoyed it enough to go and have brunch on their outdoor patio or raised platform inside. The game is always on so that's a plus as well, and every time I've been the experience has been pleasant enough. So I'm not a huge fan, but I'd certainly consider myself a patron of this landmark establishment :) I'd recommend it, and their drinks!
I'm primarily giving this such a high score because of the delicious wings. I'm not going to go so far as to say they are the best in Buffalo because I know that is a contentious subject, but they were definitely the best I've had in awhile. The only complaint I had about my recent visit was that I ordered an heirloom tomato and cucumber salad off the specials menu. Since the server read the specials aloud, I didn't know the price but assumed it would be $6-$7 based on their other prices. Not only was it a disappointing salad, but it was $14! Based on what we got (a few tomatoes and cucumbers on top of mixed greens) this seemed ridic. Otherwise a good experience- server was nice and good beer. Just ask for prices first :)
I've been going to Bullfeathers for years now, and since I started going its been getting worse and worse.   If I had written this review in 2011 it would have been raving.  The food was outstanding, the service was excellent.  Unfortunately that's not the case anymore.  After going in on a Sunday around 12:15 and waiting at least 2 minutes, which might not seem like a long time but it is, to be greeted by anyone I was a little bit fed up, but I was also hungry. We get to the table, the server has some attitude, but it wasn't anything excessive.  The service here went from excellent to just good, which is still nothing to scoff at.  It was the food and drinks this time that really turned me away. I got the California omelet, it was mostly egg with a few veggies in the middle.  I also got a mimosa, it was mostly just orange juice (yes it was only 1$ but I'd rather pay a little more for something a lot better). I probably won't be going back to Bullfeathers to eat.  They have a good night scene, especially on Saturdays.  But I would advise staying away from the food unless some changes are made.
I've waited a long time to write this review because I have been here many times but mostly just for drinks. I have a friend that I frequently go to brunch with on Sundays. We went here last weekend. First of all, five stars for our sever! He was attentive and very personable. Their brunch menu includes $1 mimosas or Bloody Marys. This seemed like a solid plan but the food was just, meh. I ordered the Bullfeathers Omelet. Itself, was OK. But it came with a side of, what they called home-fries but I would more accurately describe as tiny, deep-friend potato cubes...the kind you buy frozen in a bag from a grocery store. The fruit was sparse and swimming in the Hollandaise sauce.  The side of toast that I ordered was served with a cup of hard, crumbly butter. My friend ordered the French Toast which I tasted and that was very good. But I was pretty disappointed with my dish. This place seems to excel in drinks but not-so-much in food. I'd come here again if invited but not as my own selection.
My boyfriend and I like to go to JP's to recreate our first date that we had there. It's a great place to drink on a Friday or Saturday night, it tends to get over crowded in the bar area but that is to be expected. I have had the food many times and it is just average. We took some out of town friends there and it was the first time we had been seated in the downstairs room. It was so drafty and dark for lunch time. We were so cold and it was so hard to read the menu since it was so dark. I prefer to sit out in the bar at one of the tables near the windows...much better experience there. The wait staff is nice and knowledgeable about the menu and bar drinks. I would suggest JP Bullfeathers for people who are looking to mingle and stand at the bar. If you grab a bite to eat then that's fine but if JP's didn't have such nostalgia for me, I probably would not go there for food.
Went here for brunch with my friend and really enjoyed it. The food is not the best I've ever had but it was definitely good, as were the prices. The mimosas were really good and only $2 each during brunch, or $10 for a pitcher which had about 6 mimosas in it. My food came with bacon and I don't eat pork and our waitress/the kitchen went out of their way to find me some turkey. Great customer service! I'll be back for brunch again.
Hit or miss.  It's a fun place to drink a beer because the bar atmosphere is good (the late-night younger crowd can be a tad annoying though - oh my, I sound like a grandma). The food is so-so.  In years past I recall having some decent entrees but on my most recent visit the appetizers I ordered were borderline gross.  I didn't finish them and didn't take the leftovers home (a rare occurrence, if you know me!).  They tasted like they were boxed and frozen.  Yuck. All in all, not a bad place for a drink and conversation with friends or some locals.  But go elsewhere for better food.
I went here for dinner on a cloudy day last weekend. Our servers were very friendly, however the food was a let down. We ordered a pitcher of Magic Hat Circus Boy which was barely cold. I ordered a Buffalo chicken wrap and there was no Buffalo on it.....just a bland chicken finger wrap with no seasoning at all and some lettuce. There are definitely better restaurants that can get a simple order right just down the Elmwood strip!
I think the sweet potato fries here is great, love it!! I ordered a buffalo sauce burger which was good, but I wish it could be a little larger!!
I have been to JP Bullfeathers several times and thought it was nothing special but perfectly acceptable dining. However, I will never be eating there again after this last experience. After arriving at 7:45, we were.promptly seated and given menus. It took a while for the waitress to come over to take our drink order, but since it was somewhat busy and another table was having problems with their food, it was.understandable. What was less understandable was that it took 20 minutes to bring us our order of two beers and a sprite. We then placed our dinner order, two sandwiches and a salad. Again, nothing complicated. After waiting 45 minutes for the food (and watching the rest of the restaurant vacate) we asked where it was, and we're told "your food is next up, they're plating it now" After another 20 minutes of watching our waitress serve other groups at the bar their dishes and avoid eye contact with us, we left. I used to wait tables, and I understand completely an overwhelmed and backed up kitchen. But it is never okay to lie to your customers. There are many, many places on Elmwood to eat that have better food and better service. Although, any service would have been better than this.
This restaurant is huge!  We had a party of 11 and they sat us in the back room.  Service was wonderful.  Food was average - nothing to rave about.  We came on a Friday during Lent so our menu options were limited to vegetarian/seafood.  I had the butter broiled fish with cole slaw/mac salad/fries.  Ordered a cup of the artichoke soup too - which was good!  My husband had the Mediterranean gnocchi - kind of bland.  There is a kids menu available.  Overall - just an average place - not amazing, not bad.  But, definitely a great place for groups.  Had a lively bar scene too.
Consistency is important in a restaurant and this one has become consistently unexciting. Against my better judgment, after a long hiatus, we went last Saturday. The service was very good and accommodating. The atmosphere needed CPR, as it felt DOA. As for the food, the crab cakes were my favorite item, though they could have been crisped in the pan a little longer. Even mushy, they were all crab, as opposed to breadcrumb filler, and sated my craving. A side order of roasted potatoes was still as good as it always has been. Quesadilla with chicken, salsa, avocado, and corn was decent, and the hot peppers stuffed with sausage and Gorgonzola was beyond rich. A side order of mixed veggies was pretty awful, overcooked in an all-too-greasy puddle of oil. Still, that was the only really bad tasting dish. Why then, was the experience so flat? I think it's the atmosphere, or lack of it. I have enjoyed this place in years past when it seemed to be teaming with people. This time, there  really was a comatose quality, like some life force had been vacuumed out of the room. In addition, I am not a fan of multiple TV screens assaulting me (ditto for doctor's offices).
This place is just alright.  Had a reservation for six people at 6 on a Saturday night.  Got to Elmwood around 5:15 and figured we would pop in early and have a drink before the rest of our party arrived. Place was pretty empty apart from the two or three tables occupied outside. They didn't have a drink menu because, "They were in the middle of transitioning to their Fall themed cocktails." Which, in my experience is the usual excuse bartenders and servers give when a drink menu has never existed in their restaurant especially since it was October 12th and very much Fall already. Which is fine, but made me giggle, inside. Decent craft beer selection though! Went with a blue moon harvest ale, so dang delicious. The inside of this place just felt really run down and old school. Could use a serious interior decorator and some remodeling. The bathrooms were scary. Three stalls; one out of commission because the door was detached from the hinges and second one out of commission because the toilet was broken.  That left one dirty stall for all the women which was brutal. No soap, no paper towels. Nasty. This isn't even acceptable for a place that is strictly a late night bar/club. However this place serves food! How do the cooks and servers wash up when they use the bathroom? I don't want to know. We were hoping they accommodate six people outside and the manager made it happen which was great because the inside as mentioned earlier was just dreary and depressing. He pushed two circular tables together and although it was tight it was great to people watch and enjoy the Fall air. Our server was very nice and knowledgable about the food and beer selection. He recommended a few beers to the table and thanks to him I now have a new favorite! Flying Bison Rusty Chain! He was attentive and not overbearing which is exactly what we needed. Got a few appetizers for the table, spinach and artichoke dip (best of the night) spring rolls (average) wings (wings) and garlic bread ( bread cheese and garlic, nobody is messing that one up.) Then come the entrees. To sum it up, should have stuck with more apps and booze..... I went with the chicken and pear salad. Plain, simple and satisfying. One of my girlfriends got the cracked peppercorn mushroom burger with Brie. No pepper flavor and even though she asked for it medium it was a rock. She ate a third and it wasn't seasoned and absolutely frozen. My other girlfriend got the signature Jack Daniels Chicken Breast. Best part was the mashed potatoes and asparagus. False advertising because it came on the bone and was primarily fatty skin. Probably about a 3 ounce portion of actual meat. Disappointing. Bar got busier as the night went on. Definitely won't be back here to eat eat but I would stop in to have a drink during happy hour and sit outside.
Wait/Serving staff is fantastic here. Have gone to brunch/dinner on many occasions. I highly recommend the fish filet or chicken fingers. Great for visiting family members, not too loud. Nice freshmen restaurant for groups to catch up at. In a good, safe neighborhood. Park in the back lot. Right near Buff State/Canisius/Medaille.
The beef of weck was great. Granted it was my first, but with the beer and sauce, it was just what we were looking for. The bar service was interesting...the manager was great and made up for the shortcomings.
This place is bleh. The food is sub par. The service varies greatly, and I feel its expensive for what it is...not good bar food. Honestly I think the only reason this place is still open next to Panos and Coles (much better everything!) is because people get tired of waiting for seating and just settle. Been here numerous times. The food is either blah or just fine. My husband and I used to come here for the fish fry (delicious!) That is the only thing keeping this place from getting a negative in my book. Pros: Really good fish fry Cons: Basically everything; service, food, ambiance all falls apart as soon as it gets busy--not acceptable for a restaurant Go somewhere else and save your money.
I like rules. I generally follow the rules and expect others to follow them as well. Well, JP Bullfeathers apparently detests rules, much to my dismay. My fiance and I dined here on the Dining out for Life night as well as the night I saw The Most Epic Concert Ever (Death Cab at Kleinhan's). We thought this would be a fast and satisfying meal, and we had our Buffalo Dining Card in hand. We arrive and are seated in the weird back room of the restaurant. Never having been here I thought this place would be sort of stylish. Something about those pretty lights in the windows? I was fooled. The weird middle room, the 'wine cellar' is creepy and has the lowest ceilings known to man. I am pretty small and I felt a little claustrophobic walking through here. Ordering was fine, we got a little bit more food than usual to spend enough to use our dining card. Service was s l o w. Our app (fried mac and cheese bites) came pretty soon. They were salty as the sea. Then we waited a very long time to receive our entrees. I got a burger. It was just okay. I 'upgraded' to the sweet potato fries which I thoroughly regret as they came drenched in this odd 'honey butter' stuff. It was extremely sweet and had a chemical aftertaste. I was sad. My fiance got chicken fingers which came with approximately 10 french fries. Everything was solidly mediocre at best. Then finally they come to give us the check (I was quite antsy to leave and go see Ben Gibbard looking hot) and I pulled out my dining card. This is when the rule breaking begins. There are NO black out dates for the dining cards. NADA, zilch. It's on the website! They wouldn't accept my coupon since it was Dining out for Life night. Now, I am all about donating to charity and made an additional donation that night but I was pretty upset. The restaurant decided to donate portions of their sales, so take my coupon and donate on behalf of my entire order, you stingy peeps! I tried to not get as upset but paying almost $40 for pretty crummy food made my blood boil. So, see you later Bullfeathers. I will not be back to use my dining card, and who knows if you would even accept it anyways!
The service was above decent, but that doesn't make up for the food poisoning.
We made reservations for Sunday brunch and despite the fact that they were visibly empty tables it still took thme more than 10 minutes to Seat us. 15 minutes for a drink order.  half an hour until we got our drinks. an hour and 15 minutes until we got our sandwiches. The food was mediocre. But the service was the worst I've ever had. I will never return here.
Good for drinks. Friendly staff. But the food was disgusting. All 3 times I've went it's been terrible. Go for drinks but I'll pass on the food
I went here with my friends for a late night dinner and drinks. We split the Jack Daniel's Chicken Fingers, and each got our own cup of soup and drinks. I had the mac and cheese soup and it was delicious! As were the chicken fingers. I was surprised by how many we got too! The 3 of us split the small order and still had  leftovers. The only downside to the location, like all the Elmwood restaurants, is the parking. It was a nice night out so we were okay with walking.
I ate the Cracked Peppercorn Burger with macaroni salad on the side. Theres an extra charge for french fries. :/  But the macaroni salad was more refreshing than expected. It was made with pasta shells instead of the usual elbow. The hamburger is topped with brie, which was a nice change. Brie isn't as strong as cheddar, but the peppercorn helped give the burger a punch to it. I ordered it medium, which it came to the table just right. The waitress was nice, but seemed very uninterested and bored for the night. She did put a carafe of water on the table at one point, so she wouldn't have to run back to the table. The restrooms could use some revamping. There's scribble carved into the wooden stalls that reminds me of high school. The center stall didn't have a working lock, so there's a wooden plank nailed into the door jamb to keep it from sticking shut. There is an ATM on site. They try for different food and drink specials throughout the week. I believe Thursday night is Ladies night. Not sure what that includes, but whatever. Then Sundays have a Mimosa drink special. They are more pricey than I look for in pub food, but the food was good.
Long story short: this is a great establishment. It may not be gourmet eating, but it's a great place to gather a bunch of friends and have a great time. I have been here numerous times: for lunch, brunch, dinner, drinks, what have you. I suppose the fact that I return means something, something good. Food: I am always amazed at the way things are cooked here. They have interesting brunch selections, although I am a sucker for great burgers, and this is one of the places that I get them. I am a big fan of the cracked peppercorn burger: the peppers and the brie just is a wonderful combination that whoever thought of that pairing deserves a prize. It is a serious consideration on my part as to whether to move and try a different item on the menu or stick to this, which in my opinion, they do perfectly. Drinks: The bar is well-stocked, and there's enough selections of beer on tap here. I have no complaints. Atmosphere: This is the only reason why I am not giving this place 5 stars. The bar can tend to be a little crowded, and so sometimes, you'd feel the whole belly of a stranger rubbing against your back, especially during weekends. A little more space would be great. Also, I wish they would check on the restroom more frequently: I always see the trashcan in the men's room overflowing with paper that it gets scattered on the floor. So there, this is a great place to head over to eat and socialize. If they clean the restrooms more often, they might get a full score in my book.
I went here on a whim for lunch one afternoon and I was a little disappointed. I had never been here to eat or out for drinks so this was my first impression of this place. I shared an order of their "award winning" Jack Daniels fingers and they weren't so award winning in my book. Although the service was excellent the meal was a total let down and this is why I gave 3 stars because I'm a stickler for service. Parking wasn't an issue because the back lot was empty in the afternoon so that was a plus. Maybe in the future I'll try another menu item (if I decide to go back) but for now I would only go back if it was extremely convenient.
Good menu and beer selection in a busy neighborhood. Often quite a bit too loud for easy conversation in bar area. Great front patio.
Let me tell you a tale. A tale of my very first Buffalo restaurant experience. It was a warm August day. We sat on the patio. The water had a hair in it.... Not the type of hair that comes from someone's head. I got a burger. When the waitress brought out our food, suddenly a swarm of angry bees were upon us. It wasn't until I looked down at the burger and saw a DEAD BEE cooked into the side of it that I realized the angry swarm was there to seek revenge for the fact that I was about to eat their cousin. Needless to say, I sent it back. And I would have been more understanding if the waitress hadn't still charged me for the french fries I opted for instead. I haven't been back since, and I doubt I ever will. It's too bad, because I had heard good things about it and the atmosphere did seem nice.
I came to town with some friends that boozed it up pretty hard at Buffalo State, so I only know this place as the bar where all the college locals went to pass out and drink until their livers failed. Sure enough it lived up to its hype with the extremely inexpensive drink specials. The particular day I went had $4 double well drinks, two vodka shots, double pints of Bud, etc etc. Needless to say, this is a place where they pour their drinks liberally and where friends come together to get hammered. I remember coming out of this place stumbling with a grin on my face, so did everyone else.
Let's get one thing straight: destination dining, JP Bullfeathers is not. It's a place you go because it's convenient, it's decently quiet, it has a ton of tables, a private lot for parking, and a little something for everyone on the menu. If you're headed here, you're probably just going to watch the game, talk trash with the old men and young dudes at the bar, and drink a Bud Light. This isn't a bad thing, necessarily -- after all, these are pleasures in their own right. It helps that the bartenders here are super-nice folks that make it even easier to just hang out. They'll bring you whatever you want, and they'll bring it fast. If things get slow, they'll plop down on a stool right next to you and tell you a story. You might also notice that this bar has a few food items that depart from the norm. For example, their award-winning Jack Daniels wings, and their BLTs, made with avocado and bleu cheese -- the kinda stuff that makes your heart burn and your stomach rejoice. Of course, you can certainly find weirder, more interesting, more culturally-savvy spots along the Elmwood strip than this, places brimming with brilliant conversation and food & beverage of unusual provenance, places that will expand your horizons and broaden your palate. But as the popularity of places like Thirsty Buffalo and Bullfeathers attests, not everybody in Buffalo's looking for this when they wanna hit the bar. So if you just want to turn your brain off and turn the game on, Bullfeathers is your jam.
I've enjoyed every meal I've had here, it's a great atmosphere and the waiters have always been nice. The bartenders are not the most attentive or charismatic I've ever met but it's still a fun place to hang out. If you love Bloody Marys drop EVERYTHING and get one here, it's a completely different experience then anywhere else I've ever had one. They are phenomenal, with all kinds of different spices and obviously a lot more effort for taste then you will find at most bars. The restaraunt is also deceptively huge, with a seperate room that keeps you away from the noise of the bar up front if it's crowded. There are some unique but pretty reasonable foods on the menu  if you don't want to go for the usual burger and wings bar food, but the classics are on there too.
I use to go here all the time when I lved on RIchmond to get drunk during $2 Sabres and Bills games. The food is always good and enjoyable atmosphere. Good salads, apps and I love the sandwiches. Glad they got rid of that monstrous 60 inch tv over the fire place. I was waiting for it to fall on someone, hopefully not me! $1 mimosas on Sunday for Brunch and specials most nights of the week. Recently, a friend and I went for brunch. I was disappointed in the deep fried potato cubes they called Home Fries - no seasoning, no onions, no flavor. Standard eggs and bacon. Toast was well, toast with what looked like cream cheese shoved into a small plastic cup (it's actually butter). The highlight for me was the French Toast. By far some of the best I ever had.
I've never been huge fan of the atmosphere/general attitude of JP Bullfeathers, but a friend and I decided to give it a try for drinks on a Saturday evening around midnight. My review has nothing to do with the food or drinks but more about the disturbingly uninterested attitudes I received from the bar "manager" and the door man. Basically there was a man who had a puppy Pomeranian in the bar on a busy Saturday evening. Not only was this dog growling and snapping at people after asked if they could pet it, the man was letting the DOG walk ON TOP of the bar. I love animals but that is absolutely unacceptable for a business that sells food! I brought my complaint to the door man who was very nice but basically said "it's just a puppy" and that guy was "involved with the restaurant" so he had no power to kick him out. He then brought me to the " bar manager" who immediately brushed me off and told me too bad. I will never return to this establishment, who knows what they're doing in their kitchen if they're letting animals walk on their bar?
JP Bullfeathers is a nice place to come and chill. A typical Buffalo bar - and I mean that in a good way. This place is unpretentious and relaxed. A great bar and great bar selection. I came in for lunch with my dad and had some delicious chicken fingers. This is not unsurprising- it's Buffalo for godssake so if you can't fry a chicken finger, you're doomed for out of business. So lunch was good. Beers were good. We had a nice afternoon hanging out on the patio in some gorgeous sunshine. I wouldn't bother to order anything that isn't a fried Buffalo staple This place comes alive on the weekend nights. Elmwood in general is a much different scene that the bars and clubs in the downtown area. This is the place to come with friends and hang out. Though it still gets packed with people wanting to just chill so I wouldn't expect a table or seat anywhere unless you get there early.
Went there before with no outstanding bad or good but last night tipped it to bad. I am pretty sure our waitress was high as she moved slowly and proceeded to hand my husband his plate instead of setting on the small table we were at. I am a waitress of several years, she should have just put it the two inches on the table. I ordered a burger medium rare. I do enjoy rare but this was cold and stringy in the middle.  Our waitress waited on the table next to us but did not stop to ask how our food was. We are not complainers but my husband called her over to address the burger. She offered to put it back on the grill - it was dissected at that point, make another one which she told me I could take home,  or have it off the bill. I'm not difficult- off the bill was cool. Then she said we could get a dessert to split, which we declined.  Our bill came and we both agreed that my glass of wine should have been taken off but it was not. We waited 12 mins for her to come back to get the bill - I should mention that she had 3 tables including us. I will return for beverages only in the future.
I disregarded J.P. Bullfeathers' bad reviews about service and decided to try this place out for myself. I myself am a waitress and therefore, usually more forgiving and tolerant to less than perfect service. BUT our waitress really just didn't care about us. She read all the specials and featured items to the table next to us, but didn't mention any at all to us. We weren't aware there were any. Although the kitchen was getting orders out in good time, anything that relied on our waitress took very long. For example, 20 minutes passed in between us asking for the check and actually receiving it (after we waited 15 minutes to get boxes for our food). Because our waitress only had 2 tables, I can't contribute this to her being busy. She was very calm and definitely not rushing around. I can say that she was generally nice, and she was never outwardly rude. She just didn't care about making us sit there for an additional 40 minutes after we wanted to leave. The food was actually pretty good. Nothing outstanding, but every course was pretty consistently satisfying.  The menu was a good size so that there were many options, but it wasn't overwhelming. I really liked the chocolate creme brûlée I had for dessert. But overall, the food didn't make up enough for the bad service and I probably wouldn't return.
Usually a good place to dine, EARLY. A few good plates to enjoy. Watch out, 9/10 times you'll find somebody playing nothing but bon jovi on the box here. yelch. Good for a beer to catch up with a long missed friend on an off night.
Cute little place with a nice patio during summer nights.  They have a pretty good drink menu with "summer drinks."  I wasn't too impressed by my dragonfruit mojito.  It was more of an attempt to mix mojito and sangria together and ended up tasting somewhat bland.  My friend opted for the regular mojito which was better.  So I'd stick to their regular drink menu from now on.  Pretty good list of wine and beer as well.   Food was bleh.  We both ordered the Thai Shrimp and Scallops Pasta.  The waitress warned us that it was spicy (and it most def was... even for me, with a high spice tolerance).  My pasta was a little too watery but the shrimp and scallops were fresh. The quantity is pretty large and we had enough to take home for another meal (maybe even 2 meals for me)! Beware of the flies if you're eating outside... it's a little annoying to have to constantly shoo them away.   In the end, not a bad place but I've def had better.  I'd probably still come back for drinks and try their brunch.
Bad food and bad service.  What else is there to say.  Only good thing is fun late night bar crowd
This place is terrible all around...came for a Sunday brunch waited about ten mins to get menus and our drink order after being sat then had another 40 minute wait on 3 omlets...got a Bloody Mary that was watered down tomato juice with no garnish...the omlets came out without homefries and they did nothing but say sorry there are no more and didn't offer a substitute. The omlets had no cheese and when we asked for shredded cheddar to put on them she brought us Parmesan cheese in a shaker...the worst food and service I've ever experienced I literally downloaded this app to write a bad review...DONT DO IT!!!
First place I have ever walked out of. Terrible customer service, subpar food. Today was my 3rd time going to J.P. bullfeathers. My first time was at the bar, where I got a waiter who took about 10 minutes to get me a draft beer because he forgot and I had to remind him. I decided one day to try out the food. The "jumbo shrimp" cocktail that I had ordered for about $10 was not worth it at all. The shrimp were tiny, and the waitress seemed like she just didn't care. The food didn't compare to, let's say cole's or pano's which are very close by, but it was't too bad. Today I went down to elmwood for brunch, but everything was packed. I saw a few open tables outside of J.P. bullfeathers and decided I'd try it out again. When we sat down, our waitress came over, didn't even ask us how we were doing or at least give us a smile, just asked us if we'd like some drinks besides water. We ordered a pitcher of mimosa, and a bloody mary that took about 10 minutes to get to us. Another waitress came over to take our order, looking confused that we had been taken care of. I watched another waitress give a table near us the wrong food. We sat there waiting for our food for about 45 minutes (it wasn't even busy) without her checking up on us before we were annoyed and hungry. She saw us stand up to leave and finally came over. She gave us an insincere apology for the long wait, and asked if we would like to order more drinks. My boyfriend said no thanks, we're done here. She said she had our check inside. We left $13 on the table and went to walk out. She yelled that she had our food and we said no thank you. She then gave us an attitude saying "you at least have to pay for your drinks" We told her that the money was on the table and walked out. Never again will I go there.
I want so badly to like this place, I've gone there for food with my parents 30 years ago (even worked there for one, yes one week in the 80s) but it has gone down hill so much. the entire front end is filthy, there's dust, dirt, & grime all over. Falling suspended ceiling tiles, lousy patch jobs in the walls, there's a complete incoherent mish-mash of signs & posters. if this is how you "display" your restaurant then what does the kitchen look like? Wait staff is mostly unskilled & couldn't care less about you or the food. The male bartenders are sloppy looking & the women look like they slept over at a boyfriend's apartment & didn't bother changing. Drinks are average at best, beer selection is so-so, they usually have some Great Lakes on tap. Admittedly I don't eat there often, usually just a beer but the food, hit or miss, mostly miss. again, I have trepidations about the cleanliness & order of the kitchen, yeah I know most are not as clean as we'd like, but I'm really worried about this one. if you compare Bullfeathers to Cole's, there's no comparison, the latter run a tight ship. if you're in from out of town or looking for a new dinner spot, absolutely skip JPB. if I had a ton of disposable income I'd love to buy JPB's or McGarret's down the street & bring them back from the dead. I think the owners checked out years ago.
This place is just awful. I have been here over a dozen time for food and drinks and each time is always bad. The service is always slow and not really that nice. One bar tender is really rude. The drinks are too pricy and I ordered a gin and tonic and got a seltzer instead of tonic. I even paid for the first and just ordered another one because mistakes happen and it was seltzer again. So I just politely asked to take it off the bill and the waitress scolded me and told me it was normal to add seltzer instead of tonic???
This is our second time here and I say that it was better than our first experience. In our first review of bullfeathers, we mentioned that the fish was great and the sides sucked. Well, we asked for new sides and it turned out to be a great fishfry. Unfortunately, the place seems very cramped and hard to enjoy a conversation and the alcohol was expensive.. Anyway, you can get in and out with 2 very good fishfries for about $25. Just don't order the overpriced alcohol or other drinks. (That's how restaurants get you & high fructose corn syrup is bad.) So, 4 star it is! Would've been a 5 if their alcohol pricing was a bit closer to that of the falaffel bar... Whose food ironically sucks!
From Virginia visiting...No silverware, empty water glasses, no napkins, no waitress...  I think you can figure this one out!!! The food was average at best.  The Ruben was short on pastrami and the rye bread was short on rye..  The bright spot was the onion rings. Skip this place.
Driving down Elmwood with a friend and looking for a place to eat, but did not know where to stop. So we kept driving, and kept asking each other where should we eat? What do you feel like eating? The answers to the questions were "I don' Know," how is that possible when we were both hungry. So my friend decided to let me choose where to eat, and to choose a place where we both haven't ate yet. Since we were near JP Bullfeathers, and their seemed to be college like students sitting outside I decided to choose it.  So we stopped and turned into the parking area, parked and walked inside the restaurant. We were given a preference, and we chose to sit outside. The waitress came and took our drink orders, and then left. When she came back to take our food order, we were not ready to order because we were still scanning he menu. Since it was our first, we did not know what really good to order but I wanted chicken. After scanning the menu, I decided to order the Chicken Cajun sandwich, and my friend ordered a hamburger with fries on the side. Our order took a while before we got it, but everything was really well done just the way we wanted it. The waitress was really nice, but she would check up on us and disappear for awhile. Which was something we did not like, because when had a question and we asked other waitress they would ask us who our waitress was, and they had to go find her. This was especially bad, because when we were ready to pay, we had o wait for a long time. She brought our check, and left right away. She never came back to get it, so we had to go inside to find her and she just walked pass us. And the inside was very packed, so now that I look back I think the day we chose to eat there was a very busy one. I think they need to have a sign, or staff monitoring the outdoor seating because some people just don't know how to follow rules when it comes to smoking. I had a bad experience here, a man was sitting behind me and started smoking while I eating. So I asked him to step outside the area in order to smoke, I was happy that he apologized and left. Later, he came back we all started chatting and just laughing as time passed. However, I think all of that could have been avoided if the staff paid more attention. Other than that the food was great, and i definitely enjoyed my Chicken Cajun!!
Why do I keep winding up in this place after 10 PM? It's amazing how alcohol will affect (or is it effect?) your judgment... Cheers: Nice locale for a patio to check out some of the local action. Nice iron fence keeps the Elmwood vagrants and local philospohers at bay and away from your chicken fingers. Hippie style bar (McGarrets) just down the street serving way cheapo pints of Saranac (Nac) in case your wallet looks like the Gobi desert- barren and dry- after 3 rounds of drinks. $3 14 oz "pints" of Bass is your best option here, unless you truly enjoy shelling out 5 bucks for a brew that isn't even a true pint. A can't miss during the daylight hours and as long as your parents, in laws, and significant other are paying the bill. Food is solid and respectable, will actually remember your name the next morning. Swell college upper class boozy atmosphere after the sun goes down. Lots of attractive college ladies to make the time fly by. Big and Rich's We are coming to your city is played here on a regular basis: "When we're up in Buffalo, Chippewa's where we go, Don't you know those Yankees drink enough to drown." It is perfectly acceptable to take a nap at the bar, but the shitter stall is not a good place to catch a power nap: it's too cramped. Jeers: Custom Brewcrafters Tarred and Bullfeathered IPA no longer on tap. I would venture that most of the patrons are interested in fine imported Canadian lagers such as Labatts Blue instead of a standard IPA. 3 taps are micro only, the rest are macro swill or "fancy" (to a 21 year old) imports. Brews served in the American version of a pint, which to clarify, is 14 oz glass that resembles a 16 oz glass, with a thicker bottom as to appear to be a 16 ozer. Cover varies after sundown for no other apparent reason than the Dow Jones average, plus prime rate, minus your house number, compounded on if you are wearing a skirt or not. Toilet paper may be made out of wood pulp.
The place used to feel classier, as now it seems to be more your small step above pub fare. The wine cellar is somewhat secluded, but not enough so to be truly quiet nor romantic. I've been here about 10 times in the last couple years for dinner and I always walk out feeling kind of "enh." Not like you're upset you ate here, but you're not saying "wow" I'd come back. I've had some good times at the bar, but mostly because I suggest it as a meeting place for when I want to go out with someone and talk to them. Any night other than Fri/Sat and you'll be able to get a nice seat at the bar, and the bartenders have always been friendly. The selection of beers on tap is also pretty decent. They've finally fixed the TV's so it's a good place now to watch hockey games. For the longest time they had an ancient "big screen" with a fuzz problem and an LCD with a limited view. either way, thats been fixed. I also want to second what Heather said. Bloody Mary's here. Really spot on and worth your alcohol dollar.
Went here during a weekend trip to Buffalo. Overall, it was a good experience. Our server was SUPER friendly, and the service was what you'd expect. I got a BBQ chicken sandwich while my friend had a chicken salad. Both were good. The sandwich was coated in BBQ sauce and was super tasty. Our bill came to $25 with 2 cokes. What more could you ask?
the jack daniel flavored wings are the bomb..i am a little partial to this place because a friend works there but overall their food is good and even when they are slammed the food is worth the wait and the staff is very friendly not like a bunch of zombies walking around looking to attack the living stop in and see em
