The atmosphere was great! The bar and restaurant were super busy but food and service was still great! $15 bottles of wine were an excellent deal with dinner and to enjoy later on the roof top on a great night
My wife and I stopped here for lunch. The service and atmosphere was great. For the prices we expected better. I don't mind paying good money for good food but the food was lacking. We order a full rack of lamb which tasted dry and bland.
I have been here before and had a much better experience with the food last time. This time, our tuna was on the brown-grey side and rather odiferous. I wouldn't eat it for fear that it was old, but my hubby did and did not suffer from it, so maybe it wasn't bad? Also, our creme brulee was cold underneath. I just would not have expected that for the prices we were paying. On the plus side... -my husband enjoys his mushroom soup. -the atmosphere here is great, open, and we were able to catching Sabres game from our table. -The service was pretty good, too!
Went here with friends before a show at Sheas. I love being able to try things and have friends who do not get grossed out by sharing. Best part was the waitress giving us the heads up from the start about the wait time for Paella. It was worth it. Great for a group.
Honestly, Toro's is the place to be if you want to party in Buffalo. Pros: - Their crab cakes are phenomenal; hands down, de-lish. - Great sound systems - Small, romantic, cozy restaurant - Multi-purpose: tapas bar/restaurant by day; dance club by night. Cons: - Their food overall is quite pricey. - I don't think they have coat check (?) As a restaurant, I think it's pretty standard. I got the Bison Quesadilla (not bad, but oily), Crab Cakes (yum) and Calamari (ok). The waitress that helped me was pregnant (by God, when you're showing THAT much, please go home for the sake of your child's health). After she was aware of the fact that I had purchased a Groupon, the service she delivered gradually got worse. We paid $20 in addition to our groupon (which covered $30 of our bill). The bill only came up to $40 and she didn't even give us back our money! Sweetie, we were going to leave a good tip for you... you didn't have to swallow our $10! God, that was a horrid experience. I definitely wouldn't go back to dine. The music they play is relatively popular; top 40... that sort of thing. It becomes 21+ after they've shifted the tables and created a mini-dance floor. There isn't a cover fee (then again, I don't think any bars/clubs charge a cover for entrance in Buffalo). As a bar/dance club, it's the place to be on a Saturday night. Otherwise, find yourself a nice cozy restaurant (I like Left Bank). The service here is horrible (and getting drinks isn't any better). Toro's, oh Toro's, why do you leave so much more to be desired...
I'd love to give this place more stars.. but it seems every time I go there they manage to do something upsetting to me. The first time they sat our party of 4 in a table for 2.   The 2nd time they had menu's printed on copy paper.. which is fine I guess.. but their printer had run out of ink 4 services ago, and that combined with the dark lighting made it literally a chore to read the menu.. Etc... The service and food have always been good enough, the drinks are just fine.. the atmosphere is hip and a nice place to grab a small plate and drink in Elmwood Village.. but these constant failings seem to be keeping what could be a great place just mediocre.  Given their location right on Elmwood.. there is great competition to the left and right of this place, and with Sample (Another WONDERFUL tapas style bar) being closed downtown, there's a niche to be filled with this style of food and service... however, I feel Toro is always going to be just a few details away from a great night out.
Ditto to all those positive food reviews before me. Crabcakes were perfectly done and the flavors of the grilled cheese vegetable sandwich were all jazzing so beautifully together- nothing overpowered the other.   Besides the food and great selection of wines, this is, for lack of a better word - a awesome place.  It was 8:30PM when I got there last night and the place was hopping- no tables available except for the bar (Really nice to see that on a Thursday) and it worked out great.  Even with everyone talking and clanking silverware and plates you are able to hear your dining mates just fine.  Since it was opening day at the ballfield - I call this restaurant experience a homerun!!
Had a fun time dancing the night away on a Friday night. Good drink prices, no cover charge before midnight, and always good DJs.
Ventured in here on a week day for a dinner-date with my girlfriend. We pass by it often and it's always seemed like a beautiful restaurant from the outside and we were pleased that the interior was as warm, pleasant and seemed to transport to you to an NYC-style bistro / tapas bar of sorts. We enjoyed the light salsa music playing in the background and loved the pleasant atmosphere. The service was a little strange. My girlfriend was experimenting with a vegan diet for a month, which can understandably be a challenge for chefs and restaurants. We checked the menu beforehand and noticed there really weren't too many (any?) vegan options here, but I did call ahead of time and ask if certain substitutions could be made and was told...that well, not really. I asked about a salad and was told that they could MAYBE do something. Perhaps that could have been our queue that this wouldn't be a great place for us to go this week, but we went anyway. The waitress mentioned that only the spinach / pecan salad could be made vegan by omitting the blue cheese, but I was a little put off by the uncomfortableness of the waitress in 'processing' our request. It would have been nice if she was able to go in the kitchen and ask the chef if there's anything that could be done, but it wasn't a big deal. I myself ordered a full rack of lamb ribs (medium rare), while my girlfriend ordered the spinach salad (minus the blue cheese). The waitress did a fine job of making sure that we had enough water and after the food came out, we were both very pleased. The bread / olive oil that was brought out was delightful and lightly warm. The full rack of lamb was tasty and the accompanying 'Hungarian' sauce was delicious, sweet, creamy and with a hint of paprika...I loved it. My girlfriend was very pleased with her spinach salad as well. If only the waitress told us something like "yeah, the spinach salad can be made vegan..and trust me you'll love it! it's great" it would have set us at ease while waiting for the food, but I digress. The food was great and aside from the hiccup in the obvious uncomfortableness in dealing with a vegan diet -- the service was awesome too. We will be back.
Early dinner on a Monday night, so it was pretty dead. We were seated immediately by a nice waitress. She explained to us that portions are for sharing, and tables of 2 usually order about 3 to 4 dishes. Dishes come as they are ready. We ordered the following 3 dishes: -Chicken Spring Rolls: crunchy outside, flavorful chicken filling, the sauce was the best part. adored the presentation -Crab Cakes: my favorite! 5 delectable mini crab cakes. cute presentation. moist & delicious! -Duck Confit: way too salty. presentation wasn't so appetizing. couldn't tell duck from mushrooms... I would have given Toro 4 stars, but unfortunately, the duck confit arrived at the end. :(
Granted, I am not a local say the way Jill may be. However, coming in with relatively high standards I was very happy with this place. Great lobster corndogs and the atmosphere was very trendy. My main caveat was the music played- the list was all over the place. We're talking classic rock, to barbara streisand, to 50 cent all in an hour time span. The drink selection was awesome. They have this one Espresso Vodka that is absolutely delicious on the rocks. Great Scotch selection too. I was at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly. It was swarming so service was not as quick as I would like but I never felt unvalued. Perhaps the table service was a bit lackadaisical, but I thought this bar was a bit different from everything else I saw on the Elmwood strip.
I used to come here for drinks a lot when I lived in the city proper.  I'd occasionally eat here, and 50% of the time, my food would be good and the other 50% of the time it sucked.  It was the "every other" visit rule.   It's not true tapas in the Spanish sense of the word, as the food does not bear any resemblance to any type of Spanish food that I've eaten in Spain or in NYC or in cities with restaurants other than Greek and Italian.   Howevs, they do the "small sharing plate" thing, and they do it a bit spendy.   Went for drinkies at the bar, and decided to nosh.   Ordered the fried calamari (a good choice), and the menu notes "NO SAUCE", so please note that it comes with NO SAUCE.  Chicken spring rolls are yum.  Stuffed piquillos pepper was bland.  Not much in the way of flavor. I'm giving them 3 stars for the lack of consistency.  And the need for a bit of an upgrade.  It's cool, but it's not kewl.  And not having sufficient bar staff on a Saturday night.  I do hate waiting for my beverage.
I visited Toro last night with two friends from highschool that I haven't seen in about 12 years!  I had previously been to Toro late night a few months back, just for drinks...so I was excited to see what they had to offer on the food front. The quick review:  the perfect place to catch up with old friends....the food was muy bueno, and the snacking quality of tapas allowed for lots of free flowing conversation.  Glad I had a groupon to pick up some of the check. The long winded: Most everyone on yelp is correct...the tapas are larger than usual tapas bars...but that's Buffalo for ya! ;)  The food was good, but the prices were a bit high (despite the fact that the portions were decent.)  The atmosphere was inviting, and I didn't even mind being seated smack dab in the middle of the restaurant--which I usually hate.  (something about that makes me feel like im back at the dining hall) Before our trip, my friend and I checked out the menu online to get an idea of what we were gonna get.  I had a groupon worth $40 so we prematurely decided to get the Paella (their signature dish, to the tune of $46 bucks.)  When we got there, we were informed that there were a few items that they were not serving...and sadly, the paella was one of those dishes.  The waitress assured us that this was a rare thing and that paella was always on the menu--but that's just my luck.  So we were forced to order a few other items instead...no biggie The service: It took a while for the hostess (who also happened to be our waitress) to greet us at the door.  It also took her a while to take our drink order, and then to come back and get our food order.  She seemed a little spacey, so I think it was just her, rather than Toro as a whole.  I'm easy, so really it wasn't an issue...but our entire dining experience lasted 2 and a half hours...and although we were Chatty McChats and enjoyed our time there, it wasn't necessarily because of us!  Oh, and I really appreciated that they brought out the food a little at a time...it was timed perfectly.   The food: Table bread and dipping oil....standard....but the oil was in a little bowl and the vinegar or whatever it was mixed with was at the bottom, so in order to get any flavor other than the oil you had to soak the whole thing in the oil.  i'm ok with that because i happen to love me some evoo, but it was really oily.  not really a complaint, just a comment. Cream Cheese Potatoe Enchilada...um really good!  i wasn't expecting them to be so delicious because when it comes to enchiladas i can take em or leave em.  but the sauce was really good, and the inside was yummy and creamy.   Stuffed Portobello:  my least favorite of our choices, but still good.  it was wrapped in a little pastry type thing...the spinach was good and all of it together made for a good combination.  I liked that there was so much sauce with it because I dipped the bread in the left overs:) Breads, spreads, and olives:  Same bread...just grilled... and so deliciously crispy. the olive spread was more mild than other tapenades ive had, which made for a delicious change.  and the hummus was a little spicey but really enjoyable.  served with a handful of olives on the side.  definitely overpriced, though... imo Tangerine BBQ Pulled Pork:  a huge scoop of tangy pulled pork, sandwiched between two slivers of cornbread.   I wish there was more corn bread :)  some pico on top...a little sour cream drizzle...delish. Apple pie type dessert...I only had a bite but it was warm and tasted like something my mom would make....although I can't say for sure if it was a Toro original.   I was a little nervous I wasn't going to be full after our meal....but the over abundance of bread helped me out.  ;) Drinks: We tried three specialty martinis.  Save your $9 and drink water....or get a traditional drink (double Vodka/water/splash of cran with a lemon!)--at least you know where your money is going in that one! Appletini (not as sour as you'd expect from an electric green martini) June Bug (tasted like tanning lotion) Nick's Nastini (the best of the three but still just mehh) *I think i'm more of a snob with my liquor than I am with food.  lol Overall, I think the atmosphere and the tapas style serving will bring me back more than the food itself....although there were no major complaints (except for the drinkies.) And I can honestly say I will probably not return unless I am equipped with a groupon again...
This review is really on the bar / nightlife scene as I have not eaten here in years. Was walking by Saturday night and ran into old friend who was smoking outside but bar tends here. He mentioned the place gets pretty hopping and things were just starting to pick up. I looked and between this place and Faherty's patio next store, people were flowing out onto Elmwood side walk laughing and having a good time. Decided to stop inside and had a ketel n soda. Found out an old friend Steve Kream was DJ'ing that night too. Chatted with him a bit while this place literally started getting flooded with hotties in short skirts sucking up martini's. Seems that Toro and Faherty's have a good things with the open to the street atmosphere both have right next to each other. Definitely will come back when I am in town if I am looking for a cool place for a night out.
Great place for drinks and dinner with friends! The small plates are great for sharing. The Duck Flatbread and Stuffed Mushroom were fantastic!  The Flatbread has it bit of BBQ sauce with cheese and arugula,  and the mushroom was stuffed with feta and ricotta cheese stuffed inside a pastry.  And leave room for dessert,  the Peanut butter Chocolate Mouse Cake was light and yummy!
This wasn't my first time here.  I've ALWAYS loved this place, and last night was no exception.  The decor is sleek, yet warm.  The service is terrific, and the menu choices are wonderful.  My only complaint is that it can be a bit loud (remember, I'm kind of old).. Last night two of us shared a wonderful bottle of Albarino. Nothing beats a bottle of that Spanish white on a hot summer night!  Then it was on to "Breads, Spreads, and Olives"  (roasted red pepper and eggplant spread and roasted garlic goat cheese spread with grilled batard bread and huge black and green olives). Everything was delicious, but the red pepper and eggplant spread really stood out.  So fresh and tasty...... it tasted like summer! For entrees (small plates, really) we shared one of the nightly specials, seared sea scallops with watermelon and ginger gazpacho and pistachios.....  and the lobster risotto (PERFECTLY cooked risotto with huge hunks of lobster meat and mango chunks in a vanilla bean sauce). The scallops were cooked perfectly, but the gazpacho was a bit thin.  It could have used more watermelon puree and perhaps a small chunk or two to go along with the juice.  The lobster risotto really stole the show.  That dish was AMAZING!  The flavors harmonized perfectly.... and yet each element could be tasted with each bite.  Kudos to the chef!
This review is for the food. My first thought is that if you are going to call yourself a tapas bar, you should actually serve tapas. What they serve are actually pretty substantial servings of okay food. I would rather have smaller plates that were less expensive and be able to try more things. The food also isn't very spanish. There are only a couple of dishes that are spanish food (e.g., the paella). There are very few vegetables on the menu and they don't have some traditional tapas dishes like potatoes. But the food is generally okay. I would avoid the artichoke pesto that they put on the steak and go somewhere else for dessert, but they have some interesting food, good drinks, and friendly staff.
I was eager to try Toro due to the good reviews. With a pre-meal glimpse of the menu, I knew it could be good, but unfortunately, it did not appear overly inventive or exciting. It is different from most Buffalo establishments, but outside comparisons would deem it somewhat underwhelming in originality. Regardless of originality, the food was rich, but good. As others have said, the atmosphere is very nice. The building interior is modern and industrial, yet it has nooks to allow for a cozy atmosphere. We were there on a very slow weekday, and thus, the staff were quite casual. TVs were on, they were relaxing, and so were we. This was fine by me, but for the prices and the atmosphere they are setting, I was surprised by the TVs and excessively casual vibe. We ordered three tapas and one drink for $55. Most of their tapas range from $10-20. As other reviewers have said, and the waitress said, they are not traditional tapas. They are larger servings, and I would definitely say they are the Buffalo version of tapas (as opposed to the Spanish version). All the dishes are heavy and have their fair share of fat. Even the salads (deliciously so) are topped with rich and decadent cheeses. Unfortunately, the heaviness left my date and I with a bit of a post-meal stomach ache. I agree with a previous writer about the olive oil and balsamic vinegar being in too deep a dish. I love to do this combo at home, and I find that the best way to serve it is in a shallow plate so that the diner may get both oil and vinegar on their bread without soaking it in oil. Otherwise, the natural separation of these two liquids make it damn near impossible to get both on the same piece of bread when they are combined in such a deep bowl. Other food items enjoyed were the bread and spreads plate, calamari, and portobello mushrooms. The tapenade spread was terribly rich, but delicious, while the hummus was boring. The mushrooms were decadent, but I loved the bright and fresh marinara that cut the heaviness of the dish. The calamari was good. They were lightly battered, and I appreciated the uniquely seasoned batter. As for the booze selection, I was honestly disappointed. It's a nightclub/restaurant. I thought the selection would be impressive. At first glance, it appears to be an extensive bar and is presented beautifully. However, upon further inspection you will find that half of the bottles are flavored vodkas (and I believe it was pinnacle, at that, which is too cheap for their prices). When I asked about a specific liquor, they had 4 offerings. In addition, I thought their booze mark ups were a bit higher than most, but my rocks drink was one of the biggest pours I've ever had (even if it was $9). Overall, it was good food and a fine time. Our server was relaxed, yet there when we needed something. It's worth going to once, but I am not inclined to return for dinner again.
My husband and i visited Toro on a Tuesday night. The restaurant was relatively empty but still warm and inviting. We started with the cheese plate, which was great but HUGE - def not a 2-person starter! We packed up more than half the cheese and ordered off the extensive specials menu. We also had the spicy shrimp and the calamari from the main menu. Everything was delicious and the wine list was a good size. I agree with some reviewers that the menu could use a few more exciting items, but the specials have been getting better with each visit, so I like that the variety is coming from daily, in season ingredients instead of an old standard menu with one or two specials.
I came here with a group of approximately 20 people for a pre-bachelorette party dinner.  The future bride had made reservations and everything was ready for us upon arrival at 7pm on a Saturday. The waitress took drink orders immediately upon our arrival.  Although over the 1  1/2 hours we were there, that was the only drink I was ever offered.  I saw others at the table here and there being asked if they wanted another beverage.  I was fine after my glass of wine and was drinking water in preparation for the rest of the evening, so I never bothered to flag her down to ask for another. The waitress recommended 3-5 plates per every two people.  I have been here numerous times for dinner; however the latest before Saturday was probably over a year ago.  From what I do recall, the portions were small (yes I know it is tapas, but small for tapas style) and less expensive.  So when I gazed over the menu with my fellow gals we thought the prices seemed a little outrageous for tapas style (especially since she recommended 3-5 plates per every 2 people).  Dishes started at what seemed like $10 or $11 for the most inexpensive and went up and up.  The average cost seemed to vary between $14-18 per tapas. I was ordering and sharing between myself and two other girls.  For the three of us, we ordered four dishes.  We ordered:  Chicken spring rolls with sweet hot dipping sauce ($11), Bison Quesadilla ($17), spicy shrimp with sticky rice and coconut-chile lime sauce ($11), and potato and cream cheese enchilada with ancho maple jus ($12).  The spring rolls were delicious, as I recall from having them in the past.  These were probably my favorite of all 4 dishes.  The bison quesadilla was expected as well.  I have too had that in the past.  I was impressed with the portion size for $17.  It was a pretty hefty and hearty quesadilla cut into four pieces.  Well worth $17.  The spicy shrimp..blah...could have easily done without that.  Nobody was really a fan.  And unfortunately I am not a cream cheese/potato fan so I didn't try the enchilada, but it got good reviews.  They explained it as being a "heavy" tapas though, which was expected with the cream cheese and potato. The rest of the table got pretty much one of everything on the menu, but after all that I was too stuffed to try the rest. When we received our bill (which was over $450) the waitress said she would not spilt anything.  Plenty of girls in our group of 20 have worked in the restaurant biz at some point in their life ( I haven't so I am just speculating), and they all said she could have easily split it into thirds, quarters, even HALF just to make it a little easier for 20 people to figure out what they owed.  Most people broke off into groups of 3 or 4 when ordering so this would have been greatly appreciated, but I guess not an option.  Luckily the bride ordered us shots as her mother sat there for 20 minutes figuring out the bill. Oh well! On another note, it was raining on and off heavily during our dinner.  We were seated right at the head table near the windows that open up onto Elmwood.  During our meal it started down pouring, and half of the table was getting wet.  Not one of the employees walked over to ask if we wanted them closed or offered to close them.  However, when one of the girls stood up and put her hand on the window to close it, the waitress scurried over scolding her, "Don't touch those! Don't touch those, they break easily!"  Okay, we won't touch them, but you could have at least taken notice to the torrential down pour outside, and attended to this matter before people were getting a shower with their dinner. All in the all, the food was delicious and we had a great time! I am pretty sure everyone would go back.
Been awhile since I've been here but my experience was fantastic.  Chic decor that shouldn't mistake romantic for intimate because while you can sit in close proximity to your honey, it's not cute to yell sweet nothings over loud music!   The food is very good and considering most tapas style restaurants, the prices here are not that bad.  Definitely worth trying at least once.
Having been to Spain, I have had real tapas experiences... small, simple bites enjoyed in the company of friends, drinks, and good conversation.  The American translation of "tapas" seems to be "small complicated plates that are very expensive".  While I would not call Toro an authentic tapas restaurant (and in fact, it lacks in Spanish themes throughout), I have always enjoyed the food there. My most recent visit was last night, a date night with my husband.  We didn't have reservations but were sat immediately upon arrival at one of the cozy tables along the wall, which was very nice.  We decided to split 4 different plates, and they were brought out one at a time so that we could enjoy each one.  I much prefer this type of service as opposed to other times that we've been to Toro, and everything almost comes out all at once.  So kudos to our waitress last night.  We had the spinach salad which was topped with manchego cheese and grapes... it was a delightful start to the meal, and my husband, for whom salads are usually a necessary evil when dining with me, actually went back for seconds.  We also had some complementary bread that was served with olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping.  Next came the spicy shrimp with coconut rice, which was probably my favorite.  The flavors were just awesome, and I would have gladly ordered 2 servings of this so I didn't have to share!  Following the shrimp was the flank steak skewers, served over a bed of fried rice with peas and carrots.  The steak was nice and tender, although the accompanying sauce was a little salty for me.  We finished with the bison quesadilla, which is my husband's favorite and a regular order for us.  The edges of the tortilla were delightfully brown and crisp, and I love the lime-sour cream topping and the green salsa served on the side. I greatly enjoy Toro even though "Tapas Bar" is very much a misnomer.  Only complaint is that I think the menu on their website is outdated and I would appreciate it if they updated it since I like to research my food excursions ahead of time.  We'll be back!
My girlfriend and I found a Toro coupon on groupon. She had been before but I had not. We had a reservation for 8pm on a Saturday.  We didnt have to wait when we showed up at 8 on the dot. The garage doors/windows were open and it was a nice atmosphere, the tables were not too crowded together and it was vibrant but not too loud.  We both got Mojitos and liked the cocktails menu which was a little more focused on sweet than savory which was a good thing for us. They also had a long wine list and a reasonable beer list sure to meet most needs. For food we tried the chicken spring rolls, the crab cakes, the tempura shrimp and the chicken pizzeta (small pizza). We enjoyed the first three because they were served quite hot and were seasoned well or came with a delicious sauce.  We found the Pizza a bit bland, even though it was loaded with onions which I love.  It just needed more seasoning we felt. In particular it might have benefited from some spice (heat).  We checked out the dessert list but felt we could do without. In the end we thought that the drinks were good, the food was mostly good though let down by the pizzeta a bit, but our overall rating was taken down because of the price. Our two Mojitos, a beer, and 4 Items cost 81.60 plus tip for the two of us without the Groupon coupon and we just felt it was too much for us to come back often. We did need the 4 items to feel full, as the first three items weren't very large portions and were light. I'm not saying that tapas portions should be huge... I'm just saying tapas portions probably could cost a little less since its customary to order several.
My boyfriend and I went here because we received a gift card. We were the only customers in the whole place but we didn't mind it. The menu was pretty small with not too many options. We had 2 beers and I ordered the steak skewers and my boyfriend ordered the portabella mushroom. We enjoyed both but the steak had way too much sauce on it. I wish they included a salad or soup with the meal because it was a little expensive. Our waiter was very polite. Overall, I enjoyed the dinner but have been to places I've enjoyed more :)
I tend to meet one of my friends at Toro on Wednesday a bit too frequently, but how can you not with half off wine and cheap apps. Rarely go any more besides for their Wednesday deals, but a fine establishment that I always enjoy.
Hey Toro, your waitstaff sucked this afternoon. I stopped in for a drink with a friend, the place was completely empty and when we asked, they said we couldn't sit at either of the two large empty tables by the window. We were there for about an hour and had one drink, no one else came in. The bartender never came to get our check from us after we put the card in the card book. After being patient for about 15 minutes we shouted and waved to the other end of the bar where the bartender (skinny blonde) and the other waitstaff were just standing around talking to each other, one of the girls saw us, then continued to ignore us. We ended up paying cash because the bartender was never going to come pick up our bill. For my first time there, I'm pretty irritated at the crappy service. Seriously rude. I hope the owner reads this and does something about it. I've worked in this industry for years and it's not how you treat your customers.
Toro. Admittedly, I love it. Love-loved it 6-7 years ago when I lived in Buffalo and was a night owl Thursdays through Saturdays. It was always our go-to place to kick off the evening festivities. Back then, I knew the bartenders, and my BFFs and I would have the same thing every time.... Nick's Nastini. If I remember correctly.... equal parts stoli vanilla, stoli ras, pineapple and cranberry juices, and a splash of chambord. Went down so easily.....and there were a few nights we did too!! We probably spent a good percentage of our paychecks on the food too.... our favorites always included the chicken spring rolls, the tangerine BBQ pulled pork, the pad thai (when it was on the menu), and I'm sure there are a few others that I am forgetting.... These days, Toro provides a great location to meet up with friends when we roll into town for a visit. The food it still delish, and I've learned to stay away from martinis.... the wine by the glass menu offers a nice variety. Perhaps a tad pricey, but not any more so than some of the other higher end restaurant/bars in the area. I still love it.
Great place to sit down, have a drink and some tapas. The tapas here are really really good :) Try the calamari and ask the waitress for wine recommendations.  I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Starts getting crowded towards the night though so get there early if you plan to have a big party.
The food was excellent! We tried  multiple tapas : tuna , brie, flank steak, duck. Yummy. The creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse desserts were delicious.  Our server was friendly and didn't rush us. We will visit again
Came here with a ladyposse post-work for some wine and small bites, and was really impressed. It's tough to tell from the outside, looking in, how beautiful this space is. It feels like a sleek LA or NYC wine bar. And while some of our party were familiar with Toro due to their Saturday night danceathons, they were still surprised at the relaxing, yummy restaurant experience that preceded it. First off, the food was excellent. The pictures don't really do it justice. The olive oil served with our fresh-sliced bread put other EVOOs to shame, the cheese plate had some beautiful fruit and a sage cheese I'd never tried before, the red pepper spread and olive tapenade were explosions of umami and salty goodness, and the ricotta-stuffed portobello we tried was super-tasty, and came with plenty of red sauce for dipping. While there were a few ringers on the list, the wine offerings were also mostly solid and well-priced ($28 for a bottle of velvety Spanish temperanillo/cabernet? Yes please). Strangely, we were among the only parties who came for dinner, which is sad. Am thinking this may have motivated our waitress's slightly pushy attitude when it came to ordering more food and wine. I'm willing to overlook it, as she took great care of us and happily brought more bread on the house when we requested it. Maybe it was just a bad day. We also benefited by getting the coziest table in the house -- the six-top with comfy benches right by the window. If you're looking to have a chill, intimate dinner in the city with a date, a group of coworkers, or family members you wanna impress, I'd recommend this spot.
I wished I had booked the reservation on the phone & not through the website because they didn't even have my reservation on file. The tables were all full and they had to sit us down at the bar until a table opened up. I thought that was disappointing, especially because I had booked a reservation beforehand and had come with a date. Their online reservation system does not run like butter and it should in this internet age.They only check their internet reservations in the morning. When a table finally opened up, it was under fluorescent lights near the door.  I wish they would have placed us in the middle or back of the restaurant where it would have been darker, and the candle-light would have been more vibrant. Overall, I thought the portions were generous, the food was tasty and of good quality and the atmosphere was pleasant though a bit loud, due to no fault by the management.
Food quality OK. Preparation was fine. Brie dish was tasty but simple.  Calamari and Tuna dishes were nothing special.  One of the dishes  made both my wife and I sick.  I would not eat here again.
Listen, I am not a hard gal to please.  In fact, I dare say that I am easy.  There.  I said it.  But, this joint left me high and dry.   The 716 has some incredible food-establishments.  Don't laugh.  Have you ever seen people from Buffalo--we like our food!  Buffalo is Chicago's little cousin when it comes to the selection and tastiness.  Unfortunately, Toro is a ToNO for me.   We went there for a friend's birthday and the service really needed an overhaul.  I usually enjoy long drawn-out siestas, but we are in Buffalo, people, not Spain.  When I order a glass of wine, I expect it to come within 20 minutes.  Not too much to ask, right?  Christ, I thought they were pulling the grapes off of the vine somewhere in Spain!  Oh, and my guys appetizer came out 30 minutes after everybody else's food and each time we asked, the server said, "It's coming."  Now, I was a server in a past life and when you say, "It's coming," what you really mean is, "SHIT! I forgot to place your order!"  I like to have a connection with my server bc I think of dining out as much more than satiating myself.  It is an bonding experience both with my food and my server.  But, this connection was as cold as Buffalo in the middle of January.
Ordered the Paella and had less than stellar results. No saffron detected, had no orange color , rice and clams overcooked. Cost was $46 to serve "2 to 3." Overpriced for the experience. If you consider the dish was mostly rice and a cost basis of three times food expense, this dish should go for a lot less. Would not order it again. Wait staff was did not check on us until meal was finished, but restaurant was not super busy.
We had the pork loin special, which was roasted pork loin with a butternut squash puree and dumplings, the shrimp salad, and the salad special, which was field greens, apple, candied pecans, and bacon in a vinaigrette.  The pork loin was tender and went lovely with the sweet and savory puree.  The shrimp salad, which featured mango slices, avocado slices, shrimp, and greens in a citrus vinaigrette was excellent.   Bartender started off as sort of a tool but came around by the end of the meal. Overall, food was really good, yet really expensive, and the feel of the place was a bit stuffy.  Probably won't go back.   $12-15 for tapas-sized salads? If, like me, you're looking for a down home, Spanish-style tapas bar, this ain't it.
Mmmmmmmmmmm this place is incredible. it's an expensive place, but this is because they serve excellent food. I would like to mention their fruit and cheese plate and their spicy shrimp over rice dish, but all of their dishes are incredible. I've never had anything I didn't like here. also, their dipping oil for the bread they bring out when you arrive is bombie!!!
Toro is a place I'd always seen, and finally my boyfriend and I gave it a try.  Though it refers to itself as a tapas bar, the server helpfully let us know that Toro does not serve traditional small tapas.  Instead, servings are slightly larger to encourage plate passing among parties.  The bison quesadilla was SO delicious, my only complaint being that the charred tomato salsa did not come in a huge bucket. So good. The paella sounded great, but the menu mentions that it feeds up to four people, and, only two of us being present, decided to forgo the dish in lieu of a few smaller dishes so we could sample more.  Our salad, including brie, apples, and my favorite, walnuts, was the perfect size for two to share.  The calamari had a delightful texture, and though it was a large portion for even two people, we toughed it out and enjoyed all of it.  The wine-by-the-glass came in decent sized servings.  All in all, a bit pricey, but a tasty venture indeed.
When I have out of town guests I always suggest this place.  It's industrial interior works as does its bar and seating.  Wait staff is always friendly and capable.  The food is VG.  My fav's: Spring Rolls, Pulled Pork, Suffed Portobella and Flank Steak Skewers.  For a larger party try the Paella ........ VG! Wine list is good.  Suggest the Salviano Di Turlo Italian blend if you like a good Red. The portions are a little big for Tapas so plan to share with your guests.   I think a wine flight would work well so it could be matched with the various dishes.  I'm just sayin. Try Toro, I think you'll like it.
Toro is one of my favorite restaurants in Buffalo! I love the tapas-style options and everything I've tried at Toro has been great. My favorite is the chicken spring rolls but rest assured that anything you order will be fresh and made well. If you're going on the weekend, I would definitely recommend making a reservation because it's not a big place and it gets pretty busy.
In retrospect it was silly of me to order bison quesadillas. This is a cool spot if you like this sort of thing. Not cheap, though, and there are many good alternatives in the area.
I used to be a fan of this place as it's often the default for Elmwood Villagers that want to get their dance on but don't want to deal w/ the children on Chip.  But it's only taken me 3 years to realize what this place truly is.  Police are regularly patrolling outside and patrons are getting booted on the regular.  Don't think about bringing a jacket in here as I've had multiple friends lose theirs here.  The floor is so disgustingly littered with alcohol, cups, ice, and I always feel like I need to wear my crappiest shoes to come here.  And last, DJ Heat and whoever else spins there regularly - I used to love these guys b/c their song selection is one of the best in Bflo.  However, I feel like they're competing for who can fit in the most # of songs into their set every time I listen to them.  5 seconds of one song, play the same transition 8x in one night, 5 seconds of another song, the occasional dolphin squeal is pretty much the sequence.  There's no consistent flow at all and right when the crowd gets pumped for a good song, it's gone no more than 1 verse later.  This place will still fill up to capacity though b/c there's nothing else to compete w/ it in the area.
Toro has such a nice ambiance and is so much fun. The tapas style restaurant creates a fun atmosphere to be with others. The staff was so helpful in choosing foods and pairing wines. The paella is amazing, you really don't need much more than that if you're only dining with one or two other people. I highly recommend this place if you're looking to celebrate (it's a little pricey) but definitely worth a once in a while trip. My only criticism is that they didn't play any Spanish style music, which would have really topped off the whole thing. Also, I recommend the BBQ Sliders if you're hungry waiting for the Paella. It takes about 40 minutes for paella to get there.
Great place for a group - excellent drinks, great food, disappointing dessert.  The dessert was extremely dry but overall 4 stars for food, drink and atmosphere!
We started with the lobster bisque, it was watery and lacked substance. Our main dishes came late and they were lukewarm. The plates themselves were not pre-heated, no wonder our food got cold half way through our meal!! The lobster risotto, which I had enthusiastically anticipated, had fine sand in it. What a disappointment. The flat iron steak wasn't seasoned well, the side dish that came with it was the only good thing for this whole meal. Service was not that great. Overall, I would suggest spending money elsewhere. We even saw a young couple walk out after sitting down for a few minutes with the woman shaking her head suspiciously. They definitely saw something they didn't like.
By far my favorite bar on Elmwood. I absolutely love the music, lots of throwbacks or good remixes. It's pretty crowded but if you're looking to dance, check this place out!
Excellent restaurant. Food is fabulous and the service outstanding.  I will definitely go back.
Just got back from dinner here and loved my meal - BBQ salmon with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  I had a hard time choosing a dish as there were quite a few specials that sounded awesome.  My husband got the calamari with hot peppers - it was good, but probably would have been best as an appetizer rather than meal.  The only downfall is that they serve the food as it is ready - so one person can get their meal a few minutes before the 2nd, and so forth.  The first person to get his food was done eating by the time the 4th person did.  I get why they would do that - best served hot and fresh than having to wait for all the dishes - but it was still kinda awkward.  They did however mention this prior to ordering.  We also got the cheese platter app which was delicious with a ton of variety.  Great overall and very trendy.  This was my second visit - first time was just at the bar (they have a great martini list)
Toro is delcious. We would come here and spend over a hundred dollars just slowly eating tapas and drinking sangria. I didn't find a single Tapas on the menu that I didn't like. They're not too big, so usually to get full it might take at least 3 over the course of a leisurely hour to get full. I like coming here to eat, watch the Sabres games and enjoy some of the best food for its type in Buffalo.
I absolutely love this place!!  It is, in my opinion, the most fun place to eat in Buffalo.  This a place where you can order multiple "tapas" items and share with your companions.  The atmosphere is awesome here and the staff is always so friendly.  I love just about everything they have, but the chicken spring roll is AMAZING!!  My wife and I usually buy two orders so we each have our own.  The sticky rice is good also.  My wife loves to get the pizzetta, which is changed regularly.  If you go to Toro, please save room for dessert, which is always a chocolate martini for me!  Their martinis are the best in town.
God food, and if you stay late..... Nice party also
I eat at Toro on a regular basis, at least twice a month, and have never had anything but the greatest service, food, and atmosphere.  The menu is unique, fresh and innovative, and the place is an awesome place to hang out at the bar, grab some drinks and take in all that Elmwood has to offer.   The best items on the menu are the Tuna package, the Calamari, and the Paella.  The food has always been fresh, the service is always great, (and they have some of the best looking servers/bartenders in the city). With the addition of their new Saturday night DJ, and their new Sunday brunch menu, they have become one of the best spots in the city.  Their brunch menu is an awesome addition to the many other places nearby, but since its so different, its nice to not just get an omelet and hash-browns.  I just ate there Sunday and we shared the French toast, with caramelized bananas, and then also got the huevos rancheros which were amazing. I would absolutely recommend this place for dinner, drinks, snacks or even a really fun first date (or second, third fourth).
very attentive staff, very good food! we had a great experience. the only thing we didnt like was the chorizo carbonara risotto and the music was a bit loud for a 6pm dinner.
Although I have friends that will not go to Toro for food and complain about food/service I still continue to go. I personally like to sit at the bar, especially on Wednesdays, which they have a special menu as well as half off bottles of wine. All the times I have gone to Toro, I've had great bar and table service, and the food has been great! I honestly don't understand why people have complained about it. My favorite is the cheese platter and calamari!
One of Buffalo's best night spots for sure.  Slick atmosphere, great food, great service.  My girlfriend and I took some of her co-workers out for dinner and drinks here recently and everyone was impressed.  One of Buffalo's finest establishments.
I've only had the sangria here---but oh, what delicious sangria it was.  The taste was authentic, rich, and just a touch cinnamon-y. . .I felt like I was back in Andalucia, sipping away in Plaza Nueva.  Perfecto!
Awesome food! Very much enjoyed the flat iron steak, chicken, and the Toro soup. Excellent service and beautiful atmosphere. Had a great time!
I really like Toro! We've been here several times and each time the food has been fantastic.  The portions are generous for a tapas restaurant.  The atmosphere is nice. The waitstaff is friendly and attentive.  The food and drinks are reasonably priced.
We've eaten here several times, most recently on Saturday night.  The food and service were outstanding. There were four of us and we ordered the crab cakes, portobello mushrooms, steak skewers, pizza and spring rolls.  All were really delicious.  We will definitely be back gain soon.
My wife and I went for a friday night dinner, using a $40 for $20 from groupon.  the host/manager was very polite. Our server was very friendly and brought us bread very quickly.  We ordered the chirizo meatballs, the scallops and the mussels.  all 3 were very tasty and large portions. The food exceeded expectations.  It was one of the best dining experiences i have ever had.  I will definitely be coming back.  One caveat...dont expect traditional spanish tapas.  there are spanish influences in some of the dishes, but nothing that you would find in Spain.  I was completely OK with that, though.
Have been there twice and have only been disappointed with a couple of dishes.  Although it;s a little annoying that they call themselves a tapas bar because they are not tapas.  Good dips with the bread.  The lobster risotto was really way too salty when i had it.
good food, tuna dish was great as well as mushroom.  got very dark in there, nice crowd.  really good dip and spread dish
I have been here a 4-5 times but not for a while.  Had dinner the day before Easter.  Wow!  I always liked it but it was truly outstanding on this occasion.  The food was some of the best I have ever had in Buffalo & I do make the rounds.  Our server was very knowledgable and attentive.  Her wine suggestions we spot on.  We shared all the dishes between 4 people and the feeling about everything was unanimous.  We were there with out of towners who have dined all over the globe and have high standards, they were very impressed, not just with the food but with our server & I'm sorry I don't remember her name (Susan?), she gave 5 star service with a great personality..  Dishes we ordered were a flavorful salad with pickled onions, shrimp with some kind of satay sauce, lamb meatballs, pulled pork with cornbread (unbelievable!!!) and something with beef that I can't quite remember, and the chicken spring roll.  Wonderful experience all around, I highly recommend.
I'll try to spare you on what everyone else said. I went with my cousin to try the food. I was alright. I felt underdressed when my cousin and I walked in (I had on a t-shirt). we were seated promptly and given a menu and also the specials for the night. we ordered the crab cakes, lobster risotto, duck confit, and something called a toro pizzaetta (think that's how you spell it...). Atmosphere: I would have to say the music was kinda loud, which in turn caused the costumers to talk louder. it was kinda hard to hear my cousin talk. The lighting of the place was dark with some spots of dim light. I would recommend a book light for people who have trouble seeing. Service: We were sat fairly quickly even though it was a busy night.  Service was nice. The servers were nice and I didn't really sit with an empty glass of water for too long. The place was busy so they were doing well. Food: Crab Cakes: they were nice. you can definitely taste crab with each bite. also it came with a leeks, parsley, and saffron caper tartar sauce. the sauce was just the right amount that it didn't mask the crab cake but enhanced it. It came in the size of 5 diver scallop shapes. Lobster risotto: The lobster was cooked nicely and the risotto was creamy but still had the rice shapes. it was nicely cooked and tasted fantastic. Duck confit: It was all right... sorta strange. it was warped in phyllo dough and mixed with potato. it also had a slightly odd sauce that looked like duck ragu but it wasn't (peppers maybe?)... it also had a green sauce with it that was sorta weird. I didn't mind it too much but I probably wouldn't order it or recommend it again. Toro Pizzaetta: This item was from the special menu. We ordered this to try to get some vegetables. it seemed geared towards a white pizza (no tomato sauce). the pizza kinda had a odd "cream cheese" texture which was slightly grainy. it was a weird texture. it also had a kinda sliced meat which I think was parma ham. I didn't mind it but my cousin didn't really enjoy it. This was another one that I would say it was alright but not really something I would recommend to get. Overall: It was an okay experience. The service was good for us. The atmosphere and the food were okay. I think the Crab cakes and the risotto were the highlight of the evening. As always the price was sorta high. For the four dishes that we got it ran us about $67 dollars... we wanted to try the paella but that was about $40...
