Food was great ...  Citrus wings , and also the lobster grilled cheese ... Delicious !    Wish I took a pic ..  Sandwich was loaded with lobster and cheese that would pull and string when you bite ...   Wings are tasty crispy and full of flavor ..  No nasty fat on them Wish the waiter was more attentive and offered more options ....     I wanted the sweet potato fries ...
Read quite a few reviews about Lazy Boy and the other restaurants on Mamaroneck Ave and decided it sounded like it had the most potential. Turns out potential doesn't make for execution. Exactly as a number of people warned, the wings are all hype.  Promising sauce, but when did they cook these things? At 11am ?  Dried out and, in some cases, shriveled to the point of being crunchy.  Ever have dried, crunchy luke warm wings?  Well, you can if you decide to order these wings Sadly, it gets worse.  Ordered a burger with bacon, bleu cheese and avocado and it was delivered without the cheese.  Asked the bartender about it and after he finished serving beers to some other patrons, he addressed it and sent someone to the kitchen.  A few minutes later, outcomes runny, bleu cheese dressing for dipping buffalo wings. Spoke with the bartender again, and asked what happened to my grilled cheeseburger with bleu cheese?...He seemed surprised to learn that I wanted a cheeseburger with bleu cheese.  So last chance...and this time out comes a plastic cup of cold bleu cheese crumbles to add to my now cold hamburger.  Enough. Will give the bartender credit, when I asked for a check and told him I was no longer interested in the burger, he immediately took it off the bill. Bottom line.  Consider yourself warned...find somewhere else to eat.  Me?  I went across the street and had a nice dinner at Ron Blacks Beer Hall.  I won't be back to Lazy Boy.  A complete waste of time, energy and money.
Sometimes I wonder how highly rated places on Yelp are capable of having days where they can suck on so many levels. You can kinda understand falling short in some areas on a given day, but when a place completely falls flat, you're almost in awe over how they can have as many stars as they do  Unfortunately mulling over this is what much of my lunch conversation consisted of. Met a friend here for lunch during the middle of the week. I assume as a sports bar, Lazy Boy Saloon makes the majority of their money towards the end of the week and likely later parts of the day. If they have different kitchen and service staff throughout the week, I'd imagine the more skilled staff works during busier times-- and understandably so. But is it possible that everyone who works here during the rest of the week can be THIS bad? My friend arrived about 15 minutes earlier than me and had to order after our waitress kept insisting he put an order in. I'd understand if the restaurant was busy, but there were only about 2 or 3 other tables here for lunch. When I sat down our initial order of 20 wings was sitting there getting cold. Our order of "award-winning" tequila citrus and carribean jerk wings were mostly tiny, shriveled raisins of a thing with barely any meat. They looked polio-stricken. On top of that, because there were so many more of the smaller wings paired with a few big wings, the cooking time was longer to allow for the larger wings to cook through all the way. This left the smaller wings (the majority)  overcooked and dried up like rubber. And since only buffalo wings are served with blue cheese, drenching them to rehydrate them wasn't an option. If I were a restaurant manager, I'd never allow my most acclaimed menu item to have a poor showing. Unacceptable. Also ordered pulled pork nachos, which wasn't on the menu, but we saw that they had pulled chicken nachos and pulled pork burritos so we asked for those to be combined. When this dish came out, it looked like it would be delicious. But on first bite it turned out the pork was dried out (noticing a trend here) and the only flavor it had was salt. Lots and lots of salt. As if I wasn't thirsty enough from the wings. Between the dryness of the wings and pork, you'd think our waitress would at least refill our drinks every now and then. But no. She stopped by to refill my water glass just once. And it was after I asked. She didn't even bring me a new glass. She took my cup to the back and refilled it with water and no ice. I'm a little baffled. This place has four stars so I'm assuming it's capable of being great. But it's evident they don't give a crap during non-peak hours. My advice- if you're considering stopping in for lunch or during the early parts of the week, go with one of the other fine dining options available on Mamaroneck Ave.
My wife and i came here last night because we didn't want to dress up for a "casual" dinner.  They seated us outside and promptly gave us our menus and the beer bible. They have a WHOLE lot of beers here. WOW! Thursday night is buffalo wings night, so you get 10 of them for 4.25. I also had the "el diablo" burger.  We waited a good 45 minutes for our food.  The wings were crispy and sauced in your typical buffalo wing sauce.  They were good. The el diablo burger looked good.  The bread tasted stale.  The meat - flavorless.  The sauce - it was covered in their habanero sauce which was hot but I tasted way too much vinegar.  I guess it's a personal preference. I'll come back for the beers, not for the food.
Haven't been here for a while, ordered the tequila citrus wings and sweet potato fries. It looked as if the price went up by a few cents, nothing major. Let me tell you, the first bite of that wing was like HEAVEN in my mouth! Hands down my favorite wings in White Plains.  The burgers here are great also.
Let's make one thing clear: The only reason to go here is for the absolutely UNREAL beer selection. Haven't dabbled in much of the food yet(due to reviews), but the french onion soup was killer! Uh...did I mention the beer selection?
I love everything about this place, the food is always amazing and the beer selection can't be beat. The staff is knowledgeable and can point you in the right direction of a beer you'll love. I highly suggest getting the beer sampler so you can try a little bit of everything and the truffle mac and cheese. Gourmet bar cuisine without breaking the bank!
My husband and I were looking for a casual meal out last Saturday evening.  After reading reviews from Westchester Magazine (LBS has several best of westchester awards) decided since it was close we'd go here.  We arrived around 7 p.m. and decided to sit outside as it was fairly warm out for early October.  We were told we could sit anywhere and selected a table that we were promptly informed was in the smoking section (as I noted from the 3-4 men that occupied a table in the corner of the outside dining section smoking cigars).  This was fine as I am a cigarette smoker and my husband likes an occasional cigar and it was fairly breezy out.  Our the hostess provided us menus and in short order our waitress arrived and took our drink order.  Sounds like everything is going according to plan, right? It took about 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive and we placed our order.  My husband was just having soup and another appetizer and I decided on a burger.  This was the last time we would have contact with our waitress until she brought the check.  When my burger arrived it was WAAAYY overcooked.  I ordered it medium and there was not a trace of pink left.  I am not picky so I went ahead and gave it a bite.  The burger was so dry, despite having cheese and pickled jalepenos on it as well as steak sauce and hot sauce (I don't like ketchup).  Searching and searching and searching for our waitress, who must have been inside, bore no fruit.  I finally signaled another staff member and asked them for some mayonnaise to try to add another layer of moisture to the hockey puck that was my meal.  15 minutes later, still with no mayo, I ask the hostess (who has spent the majority of her shift chatting with the cigar-smoking men) if I might have some mayo.  I told her I had asked someone but no one had brought it.  She headed inside and came back out a full 5 minutes later with TWO side orders of mayo (as if this would make up for the fact that the first one never made it to me).  By this time my burger was ice-cold but I was hungry and slathered the mayo on anyway.  Our conversation during this entire meal was spent marveling at how a place like this, with the piss-poor service, the inedible food, could possibly receive ANY type of award for best of Westchester.  When I finished choking down the hockey puck with mayo on a stale bun, we were again forced to search and search for our waitress.  I was again left no option but to ask another member of the staff to please ask our waitress for the check which arrived about 10 minutes later. The majority of the staff here seem to place more value on socializing with each other and/or regulars than they do on getting their jobs done.  The food was atrocious and made worse by the staff's inattention.   Don't waste your time or money here folks.  Mamaroneck Avenue alone has far better options if you're looking for pub grub in the area.
I love their food and I like the service that I receive. My favorite item was taken off the menu and when I asked if they could still make the sandwich they did so. They also carry this strawberry beer that is actually kinda good. And I'm not a beer drinker. Oh and try the cheese sauce. It's really good.
This place is great!   One side is the traditional pub and the other is a sports bar decked out with big screens everywhere you look.  The two sides are separated by a wall so those looking for a quiet pub meal won't be overtaken by the sports crowd.  I have been here a couple of times and have had the chance to visit each side separetly.   Craft brew menu is so deep that you couldn't sample everything in a year and the burgers are generously sized and some of the best in white plains.   I tend to stick with ales and can't really comment on the other selections but the couple that I tried were great.  Prices are reasonable and service very good.  This place will be a real hit once football season gets going. They do have outdoor seating and a public parking lot is around the corner which is important to me since I don't live within walking distance.   Definitely the place for a burger and a beer.
Wings are decent. I got the tequila citrus wings, flavor was pretty good, especially when you pour on one of their proprietary hot sauces. The wings are obviously not made to order, their baked in advance and then dropped the fryer when order them. I can tell because they are kind of tough. Wings that are cooked to order are crisp on the exterior and juicy on the inside (like Wing stop). I'll give them 3 stars, an average rating because despite them not being cooked to order, the flavor was good and their kitchen is open till 2am which is very convenient.
A few years back Lazy Boy was more raffish and real bar- like than the Irish clones across the way. It also had better food. While the better food remains, the place seems a bit more upscale now. The menu  graphics are elegant and the waitress directed me to a bottled beer because they had just cleaned the tap lines and they were warm. Positively civilized. The burgers were a bit on the pricey side 9.95 to 13.95 depending on topping, -- more for bison or Kobe. Accompanied by perfect shoestring fries, good cole slaw and pickle on a brioche bun, they rock. We started with crab quesadillas with just the right amount of seafood and cheese. No longer cheap, still quite good. Recommended.
No idea how I haven't written a review about this place. The food is really good. The wings are pretty damn good also. Lots of beers on tap. Lots of TVs. When you want to get away from the the fist pumping crowd of typical White Plains, you go here.
Thumbs up for Lazy Boy! Everything else was completely dead on the strip except Lazy Boy. Since I recently discovered that I'm actually a fan of craft beer (after thinking I hated beer), this place was ideal for a casual night out. My friend and I had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table, which was alright. The hostess was friendly and kept us updated on the situation. You should really see the beer menu at this place. In fact, it's not a menu, it's a novel. It's the encyclopedia of beers. It's organized by draft list, and then alphabetically by country! I've never seen anything like it! I had a Dogfish Head Piercing Pils, and my friend got the beer sampler. The beer sampler is actually a good deal. You get five 5oz glasses of beer, which equates to 25oz of beer for only $10.50 instead of one draft that's maybe around $8. If you order the beers with a higher alcohol percentage, well, you're in for a fun time. The food is delicious. I liked the fact that the tacos were served with both plantains and rice. It was filling and tasty! They also used corn tortillas. I was impressed. I will definitely be returning! Next time, when I don't have to catch a train, I'd like to  check out the lounge next door. Brotip: Bathrooms are tiiiiinyyyy.
Someone pls tell L.A., the reviewer from California, that he dropped his blistering review of Lazy Boy FURNITURE on the innocent Lazy Boy SALOON in White Plains, NY. I'm compelled to jump in with 5-stars to offset the Saloon's average. I did, in fact, enjoy a very delish BLT sandwich recently. Btw... it's pretty messed up customer service didn't care that his 2007 chair broke again.
The wings are perfect if you want spice but not enough to sweat..it's pretty weak if you are used to really hot wings but the flavor is great.  I had the buffalo chicken wrap though after and it was much spicier and sooo filling and good! The string fries are also tasty and go well with the wrap. The service is pretty fast and friendly and they have a huge slection of beer.  I am not a big beer person myself but I was impressed with the selection. They did however, make my cocktails perfectly tonight which was an added bonus to the good food on the table with my friends. Giving it 4 stars though bc the place gets super loud real quick and the bathrooms are itty bitty....ladies there is a bit of a wait when it is busy...but everything else abt the place is awesome.
Great food! Had garlic parm wings, onion rings and waffle fries with cheese and it was all amazing!!!! But very slow service!!!!
Located in (what seems like) the heart of Westchester nightlife, at first glance Lazy Boy saloon looked like another standard bar for men to waste their money trying to pick up girls, but once I heard about their wings (we'll get to that later) and vast beer selection, my opinion began to change. I have very little experience going out in Westchester, but where I'm from, there are bars, and then there are restaurants, rarely will you find an establishment that succeeds at both. Lazy Boy had all the right attributes to do exactly that. I've never been to a restaurant where I spent more time reading the beer menu than the food menu, but at Lazy Boy, that's exactly what happened. I settled on a Delirium Tremens. Mmm. As I sat on the outdoor patio this particular Friday night, I watched the cars go by on the street, watched people meander to their favorite bars, and soaked it all in. It was just a really cool spot to have a meal. Right, the wings. With a name like tequila citrus, how can you not order them? When they hit the table, the smell was intoxicating. A great blend of lemon-lime and spices, which coated the wings more like a dry-rub than a traditional wing sauce. The wings were perfectly crispy, and had a killer flavor from that dry rub. The lemon herb fries are a great accompaniment. As good as the tequila citrus wings were at the table, they were even better the next day. Seriously, it's as if the refrigeration helped the dry rub penetrate even further into the wings, and intensify the flavor. The best part? The wings retained every bit of their crispiness we experienced at the table. I would absolutely recommend Lazy Boy Saloon. Whether you go to waste your money on a girl who's pretending to be interested in you, or to just pig out on the wings, you won't go wrong. Just don't forget to order a few dozen to bring home.
Lazy boy has the best selection of beers for many miles.something like 40 taps and casks if you're lucky, plus bottles of all the good crafts. Tried many beers for the first time here... Oh and they have pub food, actually decent salads if you're saving calories for another IPA, and the wings are very tasty.
I love the live music and look forward to Friday nights because of this place! I always get their pulled chicken tacos. Heavenly portions and so delicious. Try and get there early for a seat by the band.
I been to this place several times .environment is very nice and very comfortable .chicken wings are just delicious and yummy I like the size of the chicken wings and they are so tasteful. Tried tequila wings , byffalo and honny bbq. I tried burger sliders which are OK with the fries .they do have a very broad variety of beers some local and  some imported.  Place is not expensive at all.I am a frequent flyer here
Excellent Selection of Beer. Service is good. But the menu is lacking! Simple bar food items to some upscale delights. The place really tries with the food but comes up short when it comes to food. Pizza has no taste, burgers so just blah blah, and sandwiches have no taste.
Great food and nice location.   Wings must be legit here because they had none left when we arrived around 11:30pm.  Decided on the citrus chicken fingers and they were great!  Even better with a side of bleu cheese (which does not seem to automatically accompany the tenders here) Grilled chicken sandwhich was good and so were the fries - super crispy and well seasoned. Service on the other hand was horrendous.  We sat at the bar, which was not overly crowded but could not get the bartender Ricky to move from his perch on the other end, unless it was to go to the restroom, which he did quite often during our visit.  The kitchen staff ended up having to bring us a few things that the bartender forgot and really did not seem to care to bring.  No plates for the tenders or silverware..not sure what he expected us to eat them with.  Seemed extremely nonchalant when we asked for them.   The check took over 30 minutes to arrive to us as we seemed to have to wait for Ricky to finish his conversation with another patron.   I really like this place but let's be real, it is located amongst a cluster of similar venues which were packed even as we were leaving.  Lazy Boy Saloon needs to step their service game up or they will lose customers just as the ones that came in that night and left frustrated due to the bartender's failure to even acknowledge them.
I have to say that this has been one of the most impressive pubs that I have been into in a long time.  The selection is amazing and I can almost guarantee that they will have something on the menu that you have never had. The service when I came in around lunch time was very good and the mussels that I ordered for my meal were very proper. Definitely tasted fresh and of a quality batch. I also sampled the citrus tequila wings that my buddy was having and those to were very good, actually they were probably better than the mussels but about 3 times my allotted calorie intake for the day. HA. The one thing I really enjoyed was the sampler options that they offer where you can choose 5 beers in one ounce pours. It really allows you to try a number of very unique beers and not get wasted and for a reasonable price. Just don't try to different of beers or you may hurt your palate, just kidding.
I have been coming here for over a decade, but this is my first review. Bad ass beer selection at a reasonable price.  Listening to Wall of Voodoo, The Cure, Pet Shop Boys and Annie Lenox, etc. is priceless. Cold outside today, but during the past summers I used to sit outside, on the street, smoking cigars. Love this joint. I hope the do gooders didn't take that away yet. This place is the only one reason I enjoy my HPN overnights. (That Puerto Rican place is cool too. Great chow)
Incredible selection of craft beer and the tequila lime wings were worthy of a to go order!!  Great atmosphere as well!!
Without question the best bar food in White Plains.  It's almost a gourmet menu for bar food prices.  I've eaten here about 3-4 times and all my meals have tasted fresh and cooked properly.  They have an extensive on-tap selection, and quite a lengthy drink list. My only problem with this place is the odd set-up.  The partition that divides the dining area and bar area make for tight quarters.  Not really a "watch the game" bar, but definitely the place to go to build a base before a drinking some beers whilst watching the game. I also think their TVs are about a foot too high.  My neck was hurting after Saturday's Game 6.  Actually, that's the only reason I am not coming back for Game 7. In any event, this is the place for a good meal, good beer, and relaxed atmosphere.  They also have a lounge/club area next door, but I've never been to it, though the bar area is extremely loud when the club is open, but that's usually after midnight when I am cashing out.
Your typical bar food with a variety of draft beers.  They had outdoor dining which is what I searched yelp for after we dropped our dog off at the boarders. We ordered the citrus tequila and hot wings, ribs, potato skins and jalepeno poppers. Nothing crazy here...maybe next time we'll get a meal. They had the beer sampler here which was a nice way to try some beers that I never had before.
This is the best place to eat & drink in WP. Tequila citrus wings. I have never liked wings. like ever. until these babies. Tequila citrus wings. They have a huge selection of craft beers and everything I've tried on the menu has been really solid. It is however a bit pricey, but for the area it's expected.
Lazy Boy is a dive, but it's my kinda dive. The best selection of beers on tap in downtown White Plains.  So good that it's worth 5-starts.  But wait, there's more! Great menu with a variety of tastee dishes.  I've never had a bad meal at Lazy Boy; some are even worthy of raving about.  Best New England clam chowdah in town.  Great wings and apps too. Don't be scared away by the atmosphere or spartan decorations.  Lazy Boy is a must-try restaurant (and bar) in downtown White Plains.
If there is one thing that they do and do right its the wings...NEVERR had a disappointing experience here when it comes to that. And not to mention they're half off on thursday. My favs are the honey bbq and tequila citrus. Also you must try the waffle fries with cheese...amazeballs. They really can't make a bad drink either honestly. Over all though if your trying to sit expect a wait especially on game nights, or on the weekends. Other than that enjoy
Lazy boy is - by far - my favorite place to eat and drink at on Mamaroneck. Now, that might not really be saying much, since all the other options are pretty much identical to each other, but this place is truly awesome. It's probably not the best place to get trashed and flirt and meet drunk sketchy new friends (you can do that next door or across the street) but it IS the best place for awesome craft beer (rotating lines, special beer nights, fantastic selections, very reasonable prices - check out the $7.50 delirium tremens!) and surprisingly great food. And its not just "good for a bar" food, its plain good bar food. The wings, as many have said, are delicious and flavorful (tequila citrus!), and I cannot come here without splitting an order of their white truffle mac & cheese. It is AMAZING. I've tried many a mac n cheese, and this is still my favorite at any restaurant. It's gooey, cheesy, not very truffle-y, but the penne (which actually is my least favorite pasta) is baked to perfection with an amazing breadcrumb topping. Its simply, sensational. And a little heavy, so you might want to share... with me. I've never had anything disappointing here (burger - medium-rare? actually comes medium-rare!), and have always had good service (they are NOT stingy with samples of beer when I ask for them). I guess you can call it a "dive" compared to the other bars around (really... if you compare this with the dives in the city, its closer to a palace), but I call it a comfy, great place to catch up with friends or sit at the bar with excellent food and drink.
Puzzled as to the rave reviews of the food. All I can say is this is a bar with an extensive beer list. The food I would not even raise to the level of bar food. It was awful. However, the service was really very good, which is the only reason for the second star.
So on the eve of the day before your birthday, what better way to kiss 22 goodbye than to go to a bar... If you drive far enough along Mamaroneck Ave. in White Plains, you're gonna hit a strip of bars.  One right after the other after the other after the other.   I'd really classify Lazy Boy as more of a sports bar -- my only proof is that every single TV was on a sports channel (where as the bar next door had 1 on a sports channel and the rest on local channels showing reruns) -- but it could also be that I'm just biased against sports.  Ok that's a lie.  I'm biased against football. Their bar [food] menu is really limited.  Predictable (in that "Hey baby you come here often?  I'll have the usual, Charlie." way), but limited.  The lunch menu is better.  So is being able to sit outside during the summer -- (but it's on the sidewalk, not in some garden-type-thing in the back.)   It might be me, but doesn't a Dirty Martini usually come with olive juice?  Last time I checked, it did.  Granted I wasn't the one ordering my drink, so maybe it all got lost in translation (Why do I have to watch the table while the guys go to get the drinks??).  Maybe I just had too many.   They have a pretty wide selection of beer here -- even one from Kenya that my friend both raved about and then complained he couldn't find it outside of Africa.  Until he stepped foot into this bar in suburban New York.  Go figure.   Overall -- Definitely not my favorite bar on the strip, but I'm not adverse to frequenting it again.
I ordered wings here once a few years back for Super Bowl Sunday. I don't remember them being that great, just average, so i never went back. However lately, my friends have been RAVING about their wings...especially their Tequila Citrus. Feeling hungry, i finally ventured out for myself to try out these so called awesome wings OMFG. Tequila Citrus wings were a party in my mouth!!! It hits all your taste buds: they were crunchy, salty, sweet, sour, spicy...mmmmm WOW. They go well with beer for sure. Another great app - Chips N' Bleu. Homemade kettle cooked potato chips with blue cheese sauce to dip them in. OMG so good. The chips were crispy and cooked to perfection, and the sauce was crack sauce. I wanted to dip everything into that blue cheese sauce. The  New Yorker Steak sandwich was supririsingly really good too. I asked for hte steak med rare and it came out perfectly med rare. I thought this sandwich would be more like a cheese steak where the steak would be shaved thin, but they pretty much used a flat iron steak and just put it in the sandwich. I guess it would have been cooler if they at least sliced it up a bit but the steak was still pretty tender. The sandwich was yum. Damnn and the beer selection here? It's freaking great. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
Of the few bars I have been to while working in White Plains, this is my go to spot for aquiring that much needed refreshment after knuckle-breaking labor in the cubicle farm.   Since this is my first review, I must admit first and foremost that I love beer.  I love trying new types, I love exploring that different hops, the textures, the flavors, all of it.   If you are of a similar mind, this is the type of bar you will certainly enjoy. They frequently have brewery events where the local distributor comes to push his brews upon a more than willing audience.  They have something like 30 drafts (check the website) of which about 2/3 rotate, carefully assembled in alphabetical order with style descriptions, place of origin, and ABV. (All that is missing is the IBU for you beer geeks out there.)  If this is not enough, they have hundreds of bottles including seasonal rotations of those hard to find brews (Dogfish 120min IPA, Kentucky Breakfast Stout, etc).  Lastly, they have one of the best craft samplers to intoxify AND educate your grain addled mind: (at the time of the writing of this review) $9 for ANY five off their draft menu (excluding their 2 casks - boo!). As for food - I have only ordered the burgers which are very decent, but nothing to get overly excited about.  They have a lot of vareity here which is a nice touch.  At least on Thursday nights, they put out a table of free appetizers to accompany your drinking habits.  Participation varies, however the penne dish and their flatbreads have been outstanding.  The nacho dish was good as was the accompanying meaty chili dip.  Best thing I can say is that they have a well-stocked menu of very edible bar food to compliment their well-stocked cellars. Here comes the but - with such a great selection and enthusiasm for the beer culture, the wait staff is woefully undereducated about what they are serving.  I have yet to receive an informed answer to any of my inquiries about the tap list.  They have brought me the wrong beer on multiple occasions, and on one unfortunate afternoon, ignored one of my associates entirely.  If this was any other bar, I would write it off, however in the context of the beer, this is a glaring negative which puts a terrible taste in my mouth.  At the end of the day, this is a bar with a great beer selection and not a great bar with a beer selection. I expected a lot better, but at the end of the day, I love this place as somewhere to reference a brew.
Lazy Boy has for years been my favorite bar in White Plains. While other drinking establishments in the area have fallen victim one-by-one to the Invasion of the Guidos, LZB continues to offer an outstanding selection of beer and a way above average menu with a friendly mixed crowd. Friday tends to be the best night, usually around midnight. Warmer weather means outdoor seating, but there's a certain comfort that winter brings, standing by the oak bar having a pint while staying warm. Usually a friendly crowd, I've managed to socialize around the pool table on the occasions I've stopped in alone. I've also managed to wear the curtain that divides the bar from the seating area as a kilt. TIP: Ask your server for a beer sampler. You'll get a small serving of 5 currently featured beers for under $10, but you won't find the sampler option on the menu. Bottom line: A place more for frat brothers than Gotti Brothers.
Lazy Boy wins the Least Offensive Bar in White Plains award (although that's probably not saying very much). Two words for you: Beer Bible.  That's literally what the menu is like.  The service is really hit or miss - unlike my beloved Birdsall House, where they will bend over backwards to find you a beer you like and make sure your glass is never empty. And what's up with the sketchy reggaeton club next door?
There was a bit of the hi-fivin' white guy thing here, it's sort of a younger crowd but that's varied dependent on when I came here. Later means a younger crowd. Duh. It's trying to be sort of a brewpub/sportsbar hybrid, which it pulls off pretty well. All the waiters share their duties at all the tables, which can be confusing since you're never really sure who's waiting on you at any given time. They were pretty friendly and helpful. It was lively on a weeknight, but not annoyingly crowded (though I can see it being so on a weekend.)  Didn't make it to the clubby/dance type area, not my thing. ADDENDUM:  I finally had the food on several different occasions, and every bit of it was awesome.  They also have a fall-only Brooklyn brewery pumpkin beer which they serve with cinnamon around the rim of the pint glass. You must try this. I'm not kidding, it's fan-f_ng-tastic. Seriously, I nearly orgasmed with culinary joy.  Really, this place is a great restaurant masquerading as a tavern.
I went there for lunch on a Saturday.  It was about half full.   Very loud music from a juke box.  The bar was full of very  drunk old men at 2 PM (I'm an old man myself, but sober), so I moved to a table.  Servers passed back and forth, ignoring me for 10 minutes or so.  I finally snagged one and she seemed stunned that I was there.  My lobster grilled cheese was OK, but hardly worth the wait or price.  They do have an enormous selection of beers, and the Polish lager I ordered was delicious.
I went there for lunch on a Saturday.  It was about half full.   Very loud music from a juke box.  The bar was full of very  drunk old men at 2 PM (I'm an old man myself, but sober), so I moved to a table.  Servers passed back and forth, ignoring me for 10 minutes or so.  I finally snagged one and she seemed stunned that I was there.  My lobster grilled cheese was OK, but hardly worth the wait or price.  They do have an enormous selection of beers, and the Polish lager I ordered was delicious.
This bar has such  huge selection of beers on DRAFT that it makes it my #1 in white plains.  When going out for a beer or two, three or ten this is my destination.  Always review the beer menu to see if they've got some new tasty selections. Fun fact 1: They do have a pool table, but it is set up like the one in seinfeld where kramer goes over frank costanza's house and the table is in george's old room.  Therefore the games take forever. Fun fact 2: The bathrooms only have one toilet so if you have a tiny bladder and the bar is packed you better order another beer and get on line. Fun fact 3: The wings rock!
Too many beers and no PBR makes a sad, sad victoria. Also, the fries we ordered tasted like a musty basement.  I think they were supposed to be fall flavored, but I have no idea what that spice was. eek.
First things first.... If you only drink crappy bud light and coors light don't come here. You are not a beer drinker..nothing wrong with you.. I drink bud light if i'm drinking all day at a bbq and I need a mild hangover to go to work with..anyway I'm not a beer snob but why would you order that crap when this place has really good beer to pick from. I'm a big duvel fan and they have it on tap for a reasonable price so i'm hooked. Also try the tequilla lime wings because they taste good!! The only problem I had was my other food I've had here just was not very good. My pulled pork was supposed to be on toasted brioche and the toast part makes a big difference. Well it wasnt toasted and had no flavor. How you make pork tasteless is beyond me. Maybe it's just me but I feel comfortable here at certain times....usually before the golf playin coors light drinkers come in...why? I don't know..
Unpretentious neighborhood bar without the preening of other places.  The food ingredients are high quality with some delightfully atypical selections.  The beer and scotch list are diverse and would satisfy aficionados of food and drink.  The wings are the best in the area.   It's a place where the bar food rivals those of restaurants. Like other bars it has plenty of screens and media and is fairly loud after 8pm.  There are no gimmicks, however.   A place to meet friends rather than be seen.    Service, with some exceptions, leans toward the less experienced and is more attentive to the familiar and appreciative.
I really want to give this place five stars. Amazing food, awesome beer selection... however the service is a real drag. How could a place be so spot on with their selection of food/beer but completely miss the mark on service. There is a server named Santos who is probably, no definitely, the worse server I've ever had. I've been unfortunate to have him on several occasions and he consistently disappoints with not just his inability to do his job but his terrible attitude while [not] doing it. Unfortunately this attitude seems to be the norm across all of the staff. I love going to Lazy Boy Saloon but I find myself going less and less because of the poor service.
Best Buffalo Wings, period.  They have dethroned the long standing Candle Light Inn,  which still has great wings, but Lazy Boy has edged them out, and Lazy Boy has much more atmosphere.  The Candle Light became too "clean," it lost most of its famed character. In addition to the wings, the burgers are always good.  Beer selection is excellent. Service can hit or miss; especially when it gets really busy during Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings.  Very good the last time I went there for lunch. If you just want the food, go for lunch or early dinner.  If you want the bar scene in addition to the food, wait until 7:00.
At first glance, this is your typical pub with greasy fare and a solid beer selection. On second glance, the food isn't greasy, it's good and the beer selection is FANTASTIC. I can't even describe the sheer number of beers available, but sufficed to say, it requires a large menu that is organized by country and state. I first searched for Unibroue Ephemere because I usually can't find it anywhere but Publick House in Brookline, MA. Sure enough...they have Unibroue but not the Ephemere. Sad face. Then I flip to the Louisiana section and see that they have Abita's Purple Haze. SOLD. One of my fave beers of all time. I still think it tastes better in NOLA, but I'll take it anywhere! My friends and I all decided to get the nachos to start (they did not disappoint). They were covered in chili and cheese and delicious. I followed up with the Braised Beef Short Rib Wrap. I was really excited for the short ribs with carmelized onion...but it was a little dry. The taste was there, the texture was not. That being said, the fries were good and other people's food looked spectacular. The next time I'm visiting friends in the area again, I will definitely be back.
I could eat at Lazy Boy every day forever. Their wings and their nachos are the best. Their tequila citrus wings are so beyond any other wings, my mouth is salivating just thinking about how amazing they are. Their buffalo wings are good too, and several nights a week they do 25 cent buffalo wings. They also have their own line of Lazy Boy hot sauces, which are delicious and great for someone who loves really spicy food. I don't really drink beer, but with the MASSIVE selection they have even i can find something. My brother on the other hand is obsessed with beer (reads books and magazines on how they're made, researches their ingredients, goes to beer tastings) and he comes to lazy boy for their wide variety, too. The other great thing about Lazy Boy is that it is surrounded by other bars, so it's never too-too crowded. While all the other bars are packed with slutty girls and horny bros, Lazy Boy is there, waiting with tequila wings and beer, as a refuge to shield you from the overly-packed bars around it. The only downside to this place is the inconsistent service. There are two groups of servers- a group of 30-something year old men, and a group of 20-something year old bitches. If you get one of the 30-something year old men, they're nice and attentive. If on the other hand you get one of the girls, expect attitude, lousy service, and some kind of error on your bill. I've been there enough times and heard similar experiences from friends- the girls think they are above this place, they socialize with each other rather than getting you water or something you asked for 15 minutes ago, and in the end, they bring you something out wrong or add a drink to your bill. They're the sole reason I had drop a star, they're lucky their food and beer make me want to come back.
I was in white plains for this first time last weekend celebrating a friend's birthday and we ended up going here. I love this bar.. They have hundreds of beers covering several menu pages. The beers are listed by country of origin and it tells you the type of beer  (lager, ale etc..). the first few pages of the menu gives a description of each kind of beer so you know what to expect when you order it. I now know the difference between Scottish ale, American Ale, Wheat Ale, Pale Ale, and a Milk Ale.. This bar psychologically forces you to try a different beer each time. also like bars in Belgium (and possibly other European countries as well) they give you your  Draft beer in the glass made specifically for that beer. So if you order a Duvel.. you get a Duvel glass. The only negative is this place is too small for the amount of people it brings in. They really needed to invest in a bigger space.  also you needed to have the hostess seat you at a table...we have to wait an hour for ours.. but we were a party of 11.. and the hostess was very patient with us. so that's another plus.
This was my favorite bar in White Plains, after Gryphon's of course. The best thing about Lazy Boy by far is the IMMENSE beer selection! They have an incredibly thorough, extensive beer list with a lot of typically hard-to-find choices. I've discovered many a new and tasty brew while imbibing at this bar. If you're looking to try some new and exciting beer, Lazy Boy is the place to be. I personally like the trashy, casual, neon-beer-sign adorned wood decor, but that's just me... because I myself am trashy and casual. The outdoor seating is lovely in the summer, the indoor seating is lovely.... um, year round, and I've surprisingly never had bad service in there. The crowd isn't half as annoying as the crowds in other Mamaroneck Ave bars, and the food is pretty damn good. Oh and two words: HAPPY HOUR. Free food just sitting out. Sandwiches, wings, and other fried goodies! Downside: the televisions. And the solo occupancy, single-stall women's bathroom. Ugh.
Great buffalo burger. Pile of shoe string fries. Great magic hat Circus brew. Dig in & enjoy.
I've really only been to Lazy Boy on Tuesdays for trivia night. They have lots of comfortable seating, which I like. The service is hit or miss but the food is pretty good for a bar. Definitely attracts the typical White Plains bar crowd...loud, obnoxious, and Jersey Shore-like.
For White Plains I really like this bar. As anyone who knows me could attest. I'd rather build a Summer house on Bikini Atoll in the 1950's than hang out in that atrocious city. Went in for a few drinks after having dinner. The place is smaller than most in this area. They had a great jukebox which was on really low. I want to hear the music in my bar, not the crappy music blasting from next door. The bartenders were actually very good. They were patient with the long bible-like menu. I love places with long beer lists. It gives you the opportunity to try new things. Hey bud light isn't the only beer in the world. After one beer, I went back to my friend the old faithful Tom Collins. They make a very good one here.
Was in the area doing some holiday shopping and knew just the place to go! Ordered 10 tequila citrus wings and devoured half of them since I ordered a bowl of clam chowder as well. The wings were just as good as I remembered and the clam chowder was creamy and full of clams. I really wanted to try another flavor of the wings, but I just couldn't resist forgoing the tried and true tequila citrus! Oh well...probably another time!
it was the fourth and we were done grilling...and decided we needed to get away from some of our family members - so the four "young" adults got away. My friend and her husband (beer snob!) and me and my bf (another beer snob) stopped here for drinks and some snack before the fireworks. Read great reviews about the tequila citrus wings and decided to try it. It was a bit salty - but was unique. It went well with waffle fries. Our boys got IPAs and were pleased with their beers. We got desserts - chocolate bundt cake wtih ice cream and apple blossom with ice cream. WOW they were greeeat. There is a string of pubs and bars on mamaroneck in white plains this place is definitely worth checking out.
Having lived in White Plains for 2+ years with Lazy Boy as my go-to dive bar with great comfort food, it's a tragedy that I have to write such a negative review. My last visit was, as usual, a pleasant one in terms of the beer/food/service. Then I checked my credit card bill at the end of the month to find that I had been charged an extra $200 on top of a $50 meal, after tip. After numerous calls and visits to speak to a manager, I was repeatedly told they weren't in right now and would call me "tomorrow".. which apparently was their way of saying "never." I resorted to doing a chargeback through my credit card company, who was able to get in contact with a manager after another couple months. The manager claimed that I wrote in a $200 tip on the receipt, the proof of which was apparently a random slip of poorly photo-copied paper with the dollar amounts scribbled above a signature that was actually a printed version of my name, rather than a signature at all. It's a shame that they resorted to such a vulgar tactic as forgery to make some extra money; they've left me no choice but to contact a lawyer.
I am a big fan of craft beers, so the first thing I did when I moved down to Westchester was to look for the best beer bars/pubs in the area. When I read about the Lazy Boy Saloon and their beer selection, I knew that I had to try it out. Fast forward several months later, and the Lazy Boy has fast become a weekly destination for me. As advertised, the beer selection is amazing. Perhaps one of the finest craft beer selections I have ever seen. The Lazy Boy has a beer for any mood and taste, with an excellent variety of styles on tap and in bottles. The draft list is always changing, so it is fun to see what beer is new each time I come in. The draft prices are also reasonable, ranging from $6-$8 for some very high-end beers. The bottles are a bit more expensive, but that is usually the case for craft beer. Beer always goes better with pub food, and the Lazy Boy has an excellent menu and selection of food. As other reviewers have said, Lazy Boy definitely has some delicious wings (If you like wings, be sure to come in for wing night on Thursday evenings starting at 7!). Besides that, all of the sandwiches that I have ordered have been excellent, and I really love that there is a collection of different hot sauces at each table. My favorite is the standard Lazy Boy Hot Sauce. Really good with fries! In all, I really do enjoy the Lazy Boy Saloon. From the divey, dark atmosphere (but still very friendly), to the absurd amount of beers available on tap, this is a place not to be missed for the beer enthusiast.
BEST WINGS EVER! This is by far my favorite place to go in White Plains.  The staff is nice, friendly and the overall crowd is pretty chill compared to the other places on Mamaroneck.  They have a great selection of beer and if you aren't a big beer drinker like myself, they make excellent cocktails.   As long as this place remains open I will go there when I go out in WP.
TEQUILA CITRUS WINGS. i have dreams about them. That tangy taste of lime with whatever spices they use. SO GOOD. They also have this garlic hot sauce that adds a nice kick. I've also eaten quite a few other things here: fries, jalapeno poppers, quesadilla, clam chowder, potato skins, etc. (Can you tell I'm a fan of this place?) The food's always been pretty good, but the wings are definitely exceptional. And I'm only talking about the tequila citrus flavor. I've tried a few others, but nothing compares. And onto the beer selection. The beer menu is a fatty binder with a great selection from all over. They have about a bajillion beers on draft, one of my favorites being Abita Purple Haze (crisp, wheat beer with raspberry infused flavor), which is light and a bit fruity, without being sweet and girly. Yes, this beer menu will bring tears of joy to your eyes. Without a doubt, my favorite bar in the Dub.
Not strictly a microbrewery (in that they don't actually make their own beer... guess that's a bit of a biggie, really), Lazy Boy is a bar which - as the story goes - was started by a couple of tradesmen who took possession of the building as payment for a bankrupt client. Boasting a selection of over 400 different beers, the bustling atmosphere and people queueing for tables amid a fairly wide selection for restaurants in this popular area of White Plains is a neat indicator of Good Things To Come. The beer selection is nothing short of amazing, and the draught beer list fills an A4 page with an option for every taste. What sealed it for me, however, was the ribs. These were, unquestionably, the finest ribs I have ever had. Ever. You could feed these ribs to a pensioner whose teeth had fallen out 10 years hence. So tender & moist. And flavoursome. Just stunning.
Great bar food and the beer menu is awesome.  Kids menus as well.  You can not go wrong.  Try the super fries option and the LBZ hot wings are great too.
Fantastic! Get the tequila citrus wings. The beer selection is great.
Service here has surely gone downhill, drink order screw up and burnt potato skins. The food has also slacked quality. I used to recommend a lot of my friends to this place but lately I been SMH . I would not b back
If your a beer drinker they have a great selection. Tuesday is Trivia night. I like the seating. Good place to grab a drink with friends and chill.
Great food and prices....beer selection is amazing, service is awesome. I highly reccomend the beer sampler. Strawberry beer is MMMMMMMM. Amongst all the other good food and beers! Often come here, never disappointed, always happy!
Great beer selection and food. The buffalo chicken wrap and grilled chicken wrap were excellent!  The short rib wrap was good but needed some bbq sauce.   I have to say this is the best place to get food on the Mamaroneck Bar Stretch. We will be back, many times!
Great beer selection. The Southern Tier Creme Brulee Imperial Stout is wonderful!! I had the Blue Cheese Burger with sweet potato fries and it rocked! My dad had the Seared Ahi Salad. I dont mean to complain but when you serve an Ahi salad with Italian dressing it just plain sucks ass! I mean c'mon just give me a sesame orange rice wine vinegarette. Plus the Italian dressing was all vinegar. Dont order that dish! The waiter just served us with another beer in a smaller glass than the last one.....same beer. Your tip just suffered dude!
This was the first restuarant we stepped into on Mamorneck .. Loved it !! Had reviews about the tequila citrus wings and so gave it a try..it was really good.. We also tried their beer samplers.. Good experience .. Will definitely go back
Have been to lazy boys many times. It is my parents Friday night local bar and it is better for beer and drinks than food. Went October 11 and ordered three meals. 50 minutes later our food arrived and it was cold. Potato pancakes I could hold in my hand right when they were delivered, I complained and was told the owner would stop by. I ordered a plain grilled chicken breast after all that. It came was hot and good. I would go back for great beer but would not consider meeting up here for dinner. The place was loud and with live music we couldn't here each other. I know it was a Friday night but it was just too much. Maybe a Sunday afternoon is the way too go unless you want to wait and be let down,
I'm going to echo what everyone else has said: the damn Tequila Citrus Wings pose a great challenge to the best buffalo wing you've ever had. Hands down. The wings could've been meatier, but the seasoning was top notch and the crisp to the skin was dee-lightful! The wait staff could be a little more enthused about service and the craft beers were priced on the higher end of average. However, you have to experience the wings at least once in your life.
Went here for Happy Hour on Friday.  Got their around 4:30pm and they were setting up a spread of free food.  They had teriaki wings, swedish meatballs, rice, and small sandwiches...which i thought was pretty nice spread for HH.  The teriaki wings were really good!  We decided to order the Tequila Citrus wings which were unlike any wings I ever tasted.  Soo delicious!  Usually i have to order wings extra crispy bc i hate a fatty wing but both kinds of wings just came like that.  My bf like the teriaki the best but i love the tequila Citrus.  We also ordered the beer sampler...for less than $10 you can try 5 different beers...which was nice due too their large selection of beer. They also had live music starting at 5pm.   Can't wait to go back!
Lazy Boy Saloon is situated in White Plains among a slew of other establishments. I happened upon this place the other evening based on other yelpers reviews. Boy am I happy that I did. You will find a selection of beers at this place that rivals wine lists at fancy restaurants. There are almost too many to choose from. The food is exquisite. I recommend the tequila citrus wings and lemon herb fries. Both are not something commonly found on menus, but is now among my favorites. Overall, great food and drinks at reasonable prices. A must go!
The tequila citrus wings are as good as advertised. The beer selection is very impressive with some hidden gem inexpensive bottles to go with the rotating tap lineup. But the service is what puts Lazy Boy over the top. I came in to watch the US Open Cup final on GolTV. When I asked to have that put on one of the tv's it was done immediately with no hassle. If you've ever tried to watch something as random as the US Open Cup final on GolTV at a bar you'll know how unusual that is. A little later a group of 20+ people showed up for some kind of celebration and the staff obligingly rearranged several tables so the group could sit together. Not only were they accommodating to the group, but they actually apologized to us for any inconvenience and made sure we were okay with the situation. This level of thoughtfulness from a bar staff is basically unheard-of in my experience. White Plains is not at all convenient to where I now live but I might have to come up with excuses to head back to the Lazy Boy Saloon.
Upon walking in, you would never think that this place has such good food. One bite of ANY of their varieties of wings and you're completely hooked. I work down the block and have wings from here at least once a week. Everyone in westchester has their favorite wing spot. I have challenged all of my friends to try Lazy Boys wings and tell me they're not the best in town; and of course, they all concur. If you're a beer person, they have a huuuuuge selection of locals, imports and seasonal brews. Aside from the wings, I have only tried a few of the other items on their menu, all of which have been great. I also had a chance to talk with the owner, JR (who bought me a beer). It's nice to see the ownership caring about their patrons. Thanks Lazy Boy! See you tomorrow!
Wonderful selection of beer. Definitely number one bar in White Plains. They also have an extensive list of beer in bottle form. Well over hundreds!  As far as food goes. I'd say some of the better tasting bar foods you can get. Honestly probably the best. The prices are a little high but that's to be expected coming from a high people bar in White Plains. (the manhattan for northern and middle Westchester). The staff is great. Always performing with a smile. Depending on who's serving wait times can be long. Most of the time they are on point. Highly Recommend!
I LOVE this place. This is a great place to go for lunch, dinner or drinks and appetizers but it is the BEST place to go when you are hungover and looking for a mess of greasy delicious bar food. I agree with everyone- the wings are really good. I tend to crave their sweet potato fries though, and although this is not a Mexican place it is my absolute favorite place to get nachos. They put everything on them and sometimes have nachos on the specials with pulled pork and they are just as good. They are baked perfectly and have the perfect combination of meat, cheese and toppings and the chips are always warm and crispy.  I recommend getting their homemade chips 'n bleu also. For lunch their salads are great. Very filling, I've had all of them and they are all delicious.  One of my favorite places to get a great salad. This is also one of my favorite places to get a great burger. They will always cook your burger the way you want it cooked and don't tend to overcook the meat like many places do. I haven't tried all of their burgers but I usually get the Western because of the horseradish sauce which is amazing. The boyfriend usually gets the El Diablo which is also really good. I bet all of their burgers are excellent. On the Entree menu-the Tequilla Lime Skirt Steak is really good as are the Fajitas and pulled Chicken Tacos. This place also makes some pretty good pizza which I was hesitant about at first. I've had the Buffalo and BBQ Chicken pizzas and they are sooooooo goooooddd. They are personal pizza but BIG personal pizzas I always have leftovers. The next few times I go I want to try the other pizzas on the menu. I've also had many of the sandwiches which are all very good but I recommend  their BLT which is perfect. On thick buttery toast with a ton of BLT  but they add a slab of mozzerlla which is amazingggggg. Now, for the main squeeze-the beer.  HUGE beer selection, I compare it to the beer garden. LZB is like having a little version of the beer gardens right in town.  The beer list is very thick and is listed beer by country and state. You can do beer tastings which is always fun- I think you can try 5 beers for $20 but I'm not sure-it's not anything expensive. Every time I come here I try something new. Another thing- they serve food until 2 AM. I recommend this place to anyone and think it's a great casual place to go especially if you are interesting in exploring the beer world.
Beer list is fantastic.  Was in the area for work and checked it out based on the Yelp reviews. Great burger and definitely a great casual place.
My family showed up for brunch at noon on and we're the second ones in the place - then the waitstaff proceeded to ignore us for fifteen minutes while three other tables were seated and got drinks. So, we left. Too bad - always liked their food.
Been there once thanks to yelp. Great beer selection, and I was very impressed with the citrus wings..
Definitely try the Lazy Boy cocktail! Woo hoo!
Unless you're handy do not buy from Lazy Boy. They will send you parts and expect you to fix or charge you for someone to come out. The repair is only as good as the handyman they send out but will charge you again if it breaks again after 30 days. They send cheaply made parts as well! Lifetime guarantee is misleading. When you  call they will say well the chair you bought in 2007 is getting old. Really? Mine broke again after 30 days. They won't bend the rules to help you and you can end up paying over $100.00 for one hours labor for possibly a very poor handyman!
Fun bar - seems like the only bar on the Mamaroneck Ave. strip that plays good music.
Amazing place, great food, fun atmosphere, and delicious BEER!
Stopped by here for the first time while I was in the area to watch the NCAA tournament and to my benefit, every TV in place was playing the game. This probably will not appeal to a lot of people but it worked perfect for me. The beer selection was awesome.. It seemed like every Allagash beer was on the menu in addition to a ton of other great breweries. Great variety of choices. In terms of food, I was really impressed with the wings. I normally don't eat wings with anything other than hot buffalo sauce but the menu recommended the tequila lime seasoning so I ordered those two. The wings were small but well cooked and crispy. The tequila lime seasoning is the real deal and definitely something different. The buffalo wings were also cooked well. Great place in the area for some good beer and food to watch some sports.
TRY THE LOADED WAFFLE FRIES (I've only had them without chili). Best fries I have ever tasted in my life!!!! The cheese sauce has got to be homemade. I've had other food here too and I have to say that I have never been disappointed.
I love, love, love this place! Sometimes find myself going twice a week. I've never tried something I didn't like, from the standard bar classics like wings and burgers to their spring rolls and pulled chicken tacos. The lobster mac n cheese is to die for. The beer selection is the real treat though, with a daily changing draft list and a countless variety of bottles no where in the area comes close to competing. Thursdays are .25 cent wing night and here's a tip: they do accept reservations so to skip a long wait call ahead. Only downside: service can be a bit slow and often waiters tend to several tables at once which can be confusing and cause you to forget which waiter is yours!!
This is a great place to grab a beer and watch the game. They have about 10 TVs and when I went they had around 30 beers on draft and at least another 60 bottled choices. I also tried both the Tequila Citrus wings and their Buffalo wings. The Tequila Citrus wings were fantastic. Great seasoning, with a nice crisp to the outside and tender on the inside. The Buffalo wings on the other hand were just okay. A bit too saucy for my taste. Street parking wasn't a problem, but I went on a Monday night.
This is an awesome place for American food, and I promise it won't leave you feeling guilty like eating at Applebee's does (but only because you'll be drunk after trying all the beers on their menu). The vibe here great; friendly and casual. A great place to take anybody (except vegans?). The food here is definitely cause for indulgence, and indulge I did. That burger was awesome. We had the wings on top of that, not that we needed them, but trust me, they are truly amazing. And of course, everything tastes a little better when you have some beer to wash it down with, and you certainly won't be lacking in beer here. I definitely recommend branching out from your "usual" when you come here. The selection is too awesome to stick to your Stella or what have you. My beer of choice? Wells Banana Bread Beer.
You know, I just simply never enjoyed myself at Lazy Boy. The beer selection is great - I will give them that. But the thing is, I have never left feeing floored by how good the wings were as I have in other establishments. And it seems that the guy to girl ratio is about the same as the make-up of the Village People. Not really worth it in my opinion.
This place is great. From there great wings to there great sandwiches, this place has it all. Great beer selection and a very friendly staff. I have never been disappointed.
This place was me and my husband's favorite bar in White Plains. They had  amazing wings, and incredible beer collection. We called this place our Cheers bar, because it was a place where everybody knew your name. Ohhhh the memories :)
Just your average wood planked divey sports bar with no real charm, cozy outdoor patio, leftover hustling dudes looking to score the night's meal at the end of the pub crawl, an 'ok' beer selection, and responsible bartenders to get that drink to you with great efficiency.  Beyond that, eh....
Best kept secret = Lazy Boy Wings best around.  Food is worthy of upscale restaurant, served in clean pub atmosphere.  Beer lovers search no further for any micro-brew available.  No teeny boppers here - adult crowd enjoying great food, drink and atmosphere...  Highly recommended.
Eh, this place was okay.  They had a great beer selection but not much on tap.  Boo.  I also don't like waiting 10 minutes for a drink.
Decent bar food and a nice selection of international beers. I'd give it 4 stars, but I cant stand the crowd. Have the people think they are too cool to be there, the other half is usually too drunk. I like my drinks and I like getting drunk, but come on.
Seem's like your average dive bar. I've come here a few times, mostly when friend was playing in the band. The food is average and the bartenders always seem to take forever to get your drink. Its ok, but not great, works best if every other option doesn't work.
Cider on tap, what more do you need for a 5 star review, but add some GREAT food and nice looking wait staff (thank you for that) and this place is great for lunch, dinner or just a drink watching a game.
If you're looking for fancy drinks, keep walking.  If you're looking for a great selection of fresh beer on tap and an outstanding list of bottled beer, look no further.  Do not leave without sampling the wings.  Although originally focusing on offering top notch buffalo wings, they've branched out into several additional flavors.  Check out the mesquite sesame wings for a change of pace.  Also, the thin crust pizzas are quite tasty and come in several varieties. If you're looking for a trendy bar catering to the younger party crowd, this is probably not the place for you.  There's plenty of alternatives on the strip that cater to this crowd.  If you're looking for a relaxing, come-as-you-are bar with great beer and above average pub grub this is the place to go.
They have a good selection of beer on draft which changes. I absolutely love their wings! (tequila citrus to be exact) I have random cravings for them. I do have to agree with some of the other reviewers - it's not very often that you'll get a good, attentive waiter/waitress. They should consider getting bigger tv's around the bar - not the best place to watch a game.
Great wings and a darn good burger.  And what a phenomenal beer selection!  I wouldn't change a thing.
Amazing for daytime and nighttime food! I suggest always looking at their specials. It's a great place for a casual outing with your friends and has an amazing beer selection. If you're not familiar with the beers you can get a flight of beer.
Best bar food in White Plains. Actually the best in Westchester. Every beer you could ever want. You will not even know what half of them are. Wings are amazing (especially tequila citrus, or sweet bourbon buffalo). Sandwiches and pizzas are great. Service is top notch. If you don't know lazy boy, you don't know White Plains. If you don't like the Lazy Boy, then you don't know anything!
I've been going to Lazy Boy for about 4 years now, and honestly, it's a mixed bag: The Pros: -Hands down the best beer selection around.  They have around 40 taps, of which probably 20 or so rotate, and a HUGE bottle selection, including many hard to finds and rare seasonals.   -Overall, pretty good food.  The wings are excellent (try the sweet bourbon buffalo or the tequila citrus), the Black Angus burger is very tasty, and they even do a pretty decent pizza.   -it doesn't usually attract the 12 year olds who frequent Black Bear or Elements, which means it tends to be a better bar to hang out and drink with friends in, without having to worry about a bar fight breaking out at any minute.   -In the summer, the outdoor seating is a huge plus. The Cons: -The staff leaves a lot to be desired.  The bartenders are SLOOOOOOOW and generally pretty inattentive.  With one notable exception, the wait staff is also moving at a glacial pace.  They also tend to forget that you're there, often leaving you to have to resort to trying to order the next round at the bar.  In addition, I've never been to a beer bar where the wait staff knows less about the beer.  I actually had one waitress tell me she "doesn't like the way beer tastes".  Seriously?  WTF are you doing working at a beer bar then!?!  As I said, there is one notable exception to this rule, and she almost balances out the rest of the awful staff, but she's fighting an uphill battle.   -It's small.  Therefore, it can get pretty crowded with people who are seeking refuge from the other overly crowded bars along Mamaroneck.   -The Lounge.  Attached to the Lazy Boy Saloon, is the Lazy Lounge.  I've been in there once and I'm not rushing to go back.   It seems to play to the younger crowd who's more interested in loud, thumping music than beer, which is fine, but since it's attached to the Saloon, you get a lot of bleed over when it gets cranked up over there.   Overall, it's a pretty solid bar, and one of my favorites.  If they could just get some staff in there that knows what they're doing, it would be, hands down, the best place in White Plains.
There isn't much to be said about Lazy Boy Saloon. The wings are good, the beer selection is plentiful, and the service is...commendable. So maybe the service isn't their strong point, but everything else is great. The tequila citrus wings are absolutely delightful. Just writing this review is making my mouth water, and I will probably have to return to Lazy Boy Saloon as a result. The cheese fries are unlike any I've tried before. Instead of melting slices of cheese on top, it seems like they melt down their cheese into a liquid form and pour it over the fries. Could this be incorrect? Absolutely, but I assure you the cheese fries are delicious. Delicious wings, good cheese fries and an impressive selection of beer; that is one combo guaranteed to keep this Yelper happy. If you are the same, give this place a try.
I live right down the street from Lazy Boy and go there all the time. If you're looking for the best beer selection in the area, look no further! They have a large amount of brews on tap plus an amazing bottle selection. As for the food- It's pretty much your standard bar munchies but they do have awesome hot sauce that I believe they make themselves. The service I receive here is always very acceptable and the bartenders are friendly. I personally prefer to go here on weeknights or earlier on weekends when it's less crowded but I have been on Friday and Saturday late night and had a blast.
I was strolling around White Plains after an Art Festival and I stumbled upon this establishment. They have outdoor seating (great for sunshine + summer). The selection of beer is quite extensive. I was overwhelmed and asked the waitress for her recommendations and she asked me what I liked and bought over two samples. After I ordered one of the beers I also had a vegetarian burger. It was really good. Normally some bars have less than average vegetarian burgers, this place was pretty good with a good portion of fries and a pickle. I would highly recommend this place - especially if you're interested in trying a wide variety of beers.
We had a great experience at Lazy Boy.  The only thing that holds them back from truly being one of the best sports bars is that they dont have enough space for larger crowds.  But the beer selection is massive, the food always comes out fresh, and it was just a great time.
I was in the White Plains area on a business trip and found this place on yelp so my colleague and I decided to try it out our first night in town. I have to say of all the spots we ate at that week (including a couple restaurants in Manhattan) this place had thee best food and drinks during our entire stay! The tequila citrus wings and lobster mac & cheese were SO GOOD!!! I would travel to White Plains just to eat there again :). And the best part was this place is open til 4am...SCORE!
Trivia night is a lot of fun on Tuesday nights. they also have 2 for 1 beer specials for $5. A decent bar, but pretty crowded, it's the only bar I have been to in White Plains, but it was a pretty good experience! Also, 25 cent wings were available at trivia night as well! It might have been a special, but still, worth noting!
Great beer, great food (the super fries are excellent). Anything else? Good, now go and perhaps you'll see us there.
Lazy boy saloon is the red headed step child of most of the bars on the strip. Its still a fixture of the white plains strip so they have to be doing something right. Honestly it might just be the wings and that's it. Lol service is slow, the bartenders are nothing to look at, the tv's are not situated greatly, I mean it is what it is, but they do have some hot girls who do come into the place.
Great beer selection and decent wings.  One of the best options on the drag in White Plains.  But good luck washing your hands...the bathroom needs some work.
Great pub grub.. The burgers are great and cooked just like you want..  Very good selection on the menu.. The service is good and the seemed happy .
honestly i went here and only had 1 beer haha..BUT IT WAS A DANG GOOD ONE. first off just an awesome environment. When its nice outside they open it all up so its like your outside...they turn up the music so you get the "out N about" feeling..which personally i require. so ya..i liked it alot and if i EVER find myself in white plains NY again..ill stop by for more beer :)
Yummy. Yummy. Yummy. I love this place. if we lived closer we would be there more often. The chicken wings are great- especially the tequila lime. They are also pretty good with food allergy concerns which is great.
Had a Sierra Nevada night and since football was on, $10.95 for 30 wings.  I used to go to this place all the time and still enjoy it over the more upscale bars that keep opening up on that street.  I like the more casual atmosphere and the noise level.
Favorite bar food place in white plains since their fish and chips are awesome.  Good batgain when they have groupon and restaurant.com sales.
They have an amazing selection of beers. The food is awesome. Mac and cheese is ridiculously good. Chicken sandwich is superb. Sweat potato fries are just average. Service is spotty really depends when you go. The ambiance is a little shotty and can be mistaken for a dive bar (which it's not). Very misleading because overall for a bar I give a thumbs up.
Wings were ok, there were no happy hour prices I guess because we sat outdoors and not at the bar, but it was ok, i wanted wings.
Would be 2 stars, but I'll give them 3 for the beer list. The service was mediocre at best and we waited an hour for 2 burgers on a slow night.
One of the better bars on the mamaroneck ave strip.  They are also one of the most drama free as well.  Not too pricy and the food is good too.  Go during the week you can get 20cent wings.
Good spot to go if you want to beat the crowds. Beer list is huge and the wings are the best in white plains
The website beer listings don't match what they actually have.  When I traveled up here to visit a friend, I was disappointed I couldn't get what I wanted!  I agree with almost everyone else... those tequila wings are great.  I'd prefer to hang at the bar next time, as my table service was terrible.
Having eaten here many times in the past, I was somewhat disappointed on my most recent visit. The ahi tuna tasted fishier than it used to be, and the tequila citrus chicken wings were a let down. The sweet potato fries, however, are quite yummy. They do have an awesome beer selection including many local and lesser known brands which are very tasty. Service is very good and pricing is just about right. I would probably not order the ahi tuna wrap on a future visit, but am more than satisfied to return.
Have eaten at the Lazy Boy several times and it is pretty consistent. They have a pretty varied menu but I tend to stick to what I enjoy at a bar; a good burger. There is a wide selection of specialty burgers and they come with good crisp shoestring fries. They also have a very wide selection of beers on tap so there should be something for everyone's taste. Nice to find a bar that still feels like a bar. Keep up the good work.
They have the best bear list in the area and the best wings.  Check out the buffalo wings on Thursdays after 7pm for the .25 wings.  They make them best during the special.  On other days, the hot wings are hit or miss.  The special is also during football season. 20 wings + beer for $11. The rest of the food is pretty good, as I havent had a bad meal.  Outdoor seating during the summer, so it generally doesnt get over crowded. Also check out the BBQ Mesquite Sesame and Honey Barbecue wings.
This place rocked!!!! It was a Saturday afternoon, sun was shining and we at outside on the front patio.  The wings were ok... the taste was good, but the wings were small.  I had the short rib wrap... OMG DELICIOUS!!!! My fiance had the Cilantro Chicken avocado salad with cilantro lime dressing.  We shared half and half... it was great!  The salad was tasty as well.  Beer was delicious, service was good, although, sometimes couldn't understand them, broken spanish/english.  Besides a few cops/flashing lights/sirens passing by every 15 minutes because we were right on Mamaroneck Ave, it was a relaxing, sunny, delicious lunch!
This is one of the best bars I have been to in a while.  They have an extensive beer menu that is the size of a small book and bartenders that are very knowledgeable regarding all things beer.  I happened to stumble in here for happy hour and was drinking pints of fine Belgium sour beers that  I have never seen on tap anywhere else and I drink a lot of beer!  I proceeded to order a skirt stake with steamed vegetables that was also cooked to perfection.  Did I mention that the bartenders poured me at least 6 different tastes while I was there!  All in all,  if you like Good music, good food, and friendly bartenders this is definitely a must go if you are in White Plains.  I will be back!
Good food, smells like a bar. We ate here with thte kids on Fathers Day. Perfect for outside dining in White Plains.
One of my favorites places in white plains. Lots of beers from all over the place and best wings in the area: Tequila Citrus wings... And try with bourbon sauce on the side, awesome!
This beer list is incredible!  Go all over the world from your chair at the bar.  Happy Hour Food, and a great appetizer menu.  Pool Table, dining tables, and outdoor seating in warm weather.  A little loud for normal conversation on Friday & Saturday nights.  Enjoy this on a weeknight.  Take a friend that likes beer, and taste anything you can imagine.  Good Stuff.
Been coming here for years.  They have a great selection of imported beers and the food is good too. This place has always been known for the wings, so try some on your next visit. I recommend the Banana-Caramel Wrap it's very good.
I first have to admit, I am kind of a regular here, but that is because its good place to be with friends. Summer time is the best with the patio seating, but it is a great place year round. over 300 bottles of craft-beers from all over the world and a 30 rotating draft selection. The crowd is mixed but friendly, music good, and not too loud. Food is hit or miss, stick to the wings (tequila citrus, and classic buffalo) and french onion soup. Pool table in the back can bring a good time but it is normally holds long lines. Staff is also hit or miss, table service can be slow, and bar service can be unknowledable about the exstesive beer list, if you find the right server they are able to tell you a lot about the beers that they serve. Weekday-days have a very townie scene.
Let's just say, they have every beer you could ever want. Literally. Food is pretty decent bar food, pretty good burger as well. 25cent wings on Thursday nights and Saturday and Sundays during football season. Also just a chill place to go hang out. Not a crazy jersey shore bro fest like all the other WP bars.
Good place to go with friends for food and drinks.  I like good beer and the selection of draft and bottled beer here is large and diverse.  Nice place to sit outside and dine during the spring and summer,  I find the food to be very good, I especially like the teriyaki and buffalo hot wings, salads and the burgers here are especially great as well as the french fries. I sometimes go by myself and have dinner at the bar and a couple of pints and the entire staff and owner are very friendly and courteous, relaxed vibe and good tunes availabe on the digital jukebox, happy hour food and drink specials and the live music sometimes there or at the lazy lounge next door certain nights so check it out.  I especially like the Matt Dunne guitar duo who play friday happy hour on occasion add a little live music to the happy hour vibe.
Went here on a Tuesday night. Bartender was rude. His customer service skills were complete garbage. I haven't had much of the food here, but the dish I did get was overpriced and not that fresh.
I used to love this place. When me and my friends first started coming here, about 3 years ago, Lazy Boy Saloon was excellent. Great food, decent prices, hot, busty Irish American waitresses, a distinct lack of blaring, horrible music, all that good stuff. But now, in 2009, the place is a shitshow. The waitstaff isn't nearly as hot. But that's fine, I don't expect the place to be Hooters. What I do expect is to not get fucked in the ass. During the summer, we had horrible service. Waitstaff knew shit about dick. They were taking forever to bring out orders, not getting orders right, ignoring tables for like, hours at a time, and blasting crap music. If I want to hear shitty music at 9000 decibels, I can go to, quite literally, ANY OTHER BAR IN WHITE PLAINS. But on to last night. Me and my amigos ordered 70 wings, on 25 cent wing night. I order a diet coke, and my friend, after having a beer, decides he would like water. Not bottled water , just like, tap water in a glass with ice. The waitress tells him "oh, we charge for that" and we all have a good laugh. The check comes. We were charged for three diet cokes (i had mine refilled twice. Nowhere in the menu does it say they charge for refills, nor did our waitress inform us). Also, we were charged TWO DOLLARS for one glass of tap water. We flagged down a waitress and she explained that they know charge for tap water and soda refills on THIRSTY THURSDAY. The fuck is that shit? I'm so fucking done with Lazy Boy. Brazen Fox is better anyways, at least you don't have to wait ten years to get a table.
This was one of the first places I went when I moved here, and it is still one of my favorites.  The beer list is what bumps this place to the top of my list. There is a huge selection and it's always changing.  The food is good enough... not great.  Quite frankly, I've had some horrible food in restaurants along Mamaroneck, so good food puts them way ahead of their neighbors.  If you're not a beer fan, this place is probably just average.  But if you love trying new, interesting beers, it's great!  You can even get a flight of beers - small glasses of five different beers to taste and compare.  Love it!
My friends and I went and tried the 5 beer sample- and our server Isaac was FANTASTIC.  He was knowledgeable about the huge beer list and he gave great recommendations.  Between 3 of us, we tried well over a dozen beers and thoroughly enjoyed every one.  Tasting five 5.5oz draft beers for $9... can't recommend it enough.  We'll definitely be back. Cheers!  Thanks Isaac!
Good for late night Food- tequila lime wings omg best wings ever. Overall good food, good drinks and very good customer service. Music- blah I would have loved to hang out longer and drink more but the music was killing me. We even ask the guy if he could play something from the last 10 years and he played Michael Jackson .Woohoo lol
Of all the bars in White Plains, this is my favorite. With its dazzling selection of domestic and international brews, Lazy Boy is the go-to place for Westchester beer aficionados. Even the food is pretty good, and the service doesn't slack off when the place is packed to the gills on Friday and Saturday nights.
My favorite place to eat in White Plains. Not what you would expect for bar food.  Everything is delicious, from wings to salads to sandwiches and burgers.  I have never left disappointed.  Oh and just about all the different types of beer anyone could ask for.
Located in the bustling night life section of White Plains downtown at the corner of Mamaroneck Ave (125) and the East Post Rd (22), Lazy Boy is unique to the area serving food until 2 or 3 in the morning in addition to offering a variety of over 200 beer selections.. For those not familiar with White Plains, more imported beverages come through White Plains then anywhere else in the country.  Beer fans, Lazy Boys takes advantage of this and offers a huge variety of over 200 imported and domestic beers.  I've had Bulgarian beer, Portuguese Beer, and even Costa Rican.  In addition, they offer special micro beers regularly.    In addition to the beer, you can enjoy their food selection highlighted by their awesome wings and chili. While this is not a place I would go to with the family before going to church, this is a great pub where you can get very tasty food.  The service is friendly and fast.  The atmosphere is very casual with inside seating and a nice outside dining section on the sidewalk when the weather permits. Lazy Boy Saloon has expanded and also offers a club-like section where music is played and there is room to dance.  While they are attempting to compete with the other pubs and clubs in the area, I think new comers could get the wrong impression, this is not a club and if you go in thinking that, you might be disappointed.  Drink and food prices are fair with most meals not topping $12 and imported beers not topping $5.50.
They have an extensive beer selection, and though it might not be the best in country, it probably is the best in the county. The bartenders are happy to let you taste a beer before ordering. The wine selection is not worth coming here for, but they have a few good whiskeys to choose from. I prefer when it is not packed like on a Monday or Tuesday, but I do try to get a seat at the bar early, about 6:30, on Thursdays, as it gets packed for 25 cent wing night. The wings are small, which I think gives them a more even crispiness than jumbo sized wings. They are buttery and spicy and there is the house habanero sauce for further doctoring. They are overpriced when not 25 cents apiece ($7 for 10). During the football seasons in the past they have offered 25 wings on Sunday and Monday, as well. I hope this continues next season. I am not a football fan naturally, but I watched many games for the sake of beer and spicy wings The decor isn't special, and the rest of the food is above average for a bar. It isn't quite an alternative crowd either. The music is often terrible crap-rock and on the few occasions someone sneaks a rap song into the playlist, it is usually an unfortunate top 40 disaster rather than anything interesting. But I appreciate, business-wise, that some conventions of taste have to be adhered to in a city that is generally pretty racist.
Another great meal at Lazy Boy Saloon. The Tequila Citrus wings were great as was my mixed grill entree. (It was a daily special) I stated in a previous review that this establishment deserved a 5 star rating if the service was better and this time our server was accommodating and personable. I consider myself a good judge of food and this place has yet to disappoint me in any of its offerings.
This is my kind of place. You walk in and instantly feel comfortable. This no frills bar is perfect for hanging out (perhaps all day) and catching up with friends. The beer selection in vast and the sampler is perfect if you want to try a few new things. Always look forward to going there when we're in the area.
could be the best wings in Westchester County. they have a few different types, the most incredible is the Tequila Citrus wings. also an amazing selection of beers and relaxed atmosphere
I wake up sometimes in the middle of the night craving the bayou burger. The food here is so good, a cut above the rest and you can't go wrong with the extensive beer list. Check it out for a reasonable lunch on the very unreasonable mamaroneck ave.
Sorry guys, I ordered wings on Super Bowl Sunday. I specifically asked for them extra spicey and extra well done. I saw the waiter type my exact request into the system. They came out literally with no buffalo sauce on them and not that well done. I had to throw most of them out. Second time I've gotten wings at this place (supposedly rated as the best in Westchester) and was disappointed.
GREAT place to grab a beer and some food with friends. I would say that i eat here 4 time a month everything on the menu is great. The nachos are amazing as are there burgers. Amazing selection of beer, plenty of TVs to watch whatever sporting event your looking for.
Lazy Boy Saloon or SALON? Hard to tell with the big hair embedded in my Circle R burger tonight.  I am so disappointed as this place has average service but above average food and is our go to place after Giants games during football season.  Their Bourbon wings are AMAZING and the burgers are fabulous as are their cole slaw, pickles and sweet potato fries (shoe string YUM!) BUT and its a big BUT, tonight I had eaten about 1/4 of my bacon cheeseburger and found a large black hair embedded in the burger.  It was awful.  The waitress was very apologetic and they totally handled it well (took burger and wings off bill and offered us a round of drinks).  I will definitely have to think long and hard before i ever go back which makes me so sad! I loved it there! Note to cook staff: PUT ON SOME HAIR NETS!
Beer selection is ridiculously huge. Wings are really good and I had a chopped salad (what?) yes, a salad and it was awesome.
Let me start off my saying I have been going to Lazyboy for about 5 years now. I have steadily seen the business, service, and food decline. I work in WP and like to enjoy happy hour after work, especially during the summer. I am not one of these party animals who think WP is a place to hook up and "club" all night. In fact i am usually out of WP before 11. This use to be a place grab a great microbrew and catch a game. Now, the waiters barely speak english and have no idea what the specials are. On thursdays they have wing night (25cent a wing) which to me is one of the only redeeming thing about this joint. The Wings are decent but they will not give you water. Thats right! they refuse to serve tap water on wing night! Our waitress said there was something wrong with their water and we asked to speak to a manger. He continued to make up absurd excuses, one of which included "Im not in the business in wings, I am in the buinssness of beer!". Mind you, we all had beers in front of us so we were NOT these people ordering 50wings and free tap water all night. Please also keep in mind that one of my friends had tried ordering 3 different types of beers, non of which they had! He got so frustrated with the service and manager he ended up ordering a coors light, pathetic i know. Great beer business dude! He was so insensitive and rude. He even poked fun at what we were drinking, which was newcastle btw. Furthermore another friend of mine was drinking a 10$ mixed drink, so we were not the cliental who tries to get over on bars and specials. I must say Lazyboy still has a good happy hour with free food and beer specials ( when the waiters can remember them). Most recenetly we asked our waiter to split our bill evenly into 3 credit cards ( i understand this may be annoying sometimes, but it is his job) and he completely messed it up. I check my bank statement the next day and he had over charged me by 60$. Once a place filled with a beautiful, flirty, happy, wait staff, is now a frustrating experience almost every time. I hope to see a Change in Lazyboy because it was once my favorite place on the ave. Now id choose Ron Blacks over them any day.
great food... I was actually a bit surprised at the quality. It looks like a dive bar, but it has an enormous selection of beer. Service is very slow every time I have gone, but I am willing to forgive that because the food is above average. Try the McBoy burger...delicious.
omg the wings. and i dont even like wings! everything was really good, i got the filet mignon sandwich, which was delicious, and we had a mac n cheese appetizer. i will be back very soon.
