This is a white plains must eat here!! Star diner is special. The entire diner is an old air steam type trailer and the address is 66 1/2. Ok? How cutie is that? It has a not over the top at all 50's diner appeal. It's casual. Everyone knows your name type of place. I have been coming to star diner for over 20 years. Back in the days of old when we would come home from work at 3am... Star was there and so was everyone else.. Even majOr Delfino. There are 5 booths that hold 4 people 5 if your small! And a counter that sits 12. It's not gourmet people, it's straight up comfort food. Pure joy. My recommendations are anything. From cheeseburgers to fries with real gravy and the turkey soup on Thursdays. They just get it right. I obsess over the specials like pot the roast on Wednesdays (on a buttered roll with a side of gravy please) and my daughters favorite 2 eggs over medium side of home fries! If your craving good old fashioned diner fare. Come on over!
When I was a kid, it seemed like every diner was just like the Star; they had a menu packed with diner classics, waiters quickly serving huge platters of piping hot food every few minutes, counter seats facing the grill, and consistently delicious meals no matter when you went. Unfortunately, the reality in Westchester today is that diners mostly suck. Why? My take is that they are owned and staffed by a new generation who has no idea what made these places great back in the day. The food is boring and inconsistent, the decor doesn't say greasy spoon, and the service can be slow or surly. Star Diner brings everything back to where it should be. The food is sensational, the staff is quick, and the atmosphere is classic NYC diner. Funny that it took me a few years of crappy Westchester diner meals to finally discover this gem. Five stars.
I came here on a whim because I was in the mood for a good turkey burger. I decided to check out Star Diner based on other yelpers. I'm so happy I did! Service was super quick (9pm at night) and the food was really good. I only gave 4/5 stars because they take cash only. (However they do have an ATM outside that you can use.) I love the fact that it has an old school diner feel. Everyone was really nice!
Sweet atmosphere and extremely fast service make up for the lackluster fries and onion rings. Come here THOSE TIMES WHEN but don't expect to be blown away. Burgers are better than decent.
Star diner is AMAZING! My friends and I go there almost every weekend. They never disappoint. I love all there burgers. It's homey, always a smiling face when I walk in. I love it
The reviews don't lie and thats why we came here.. The food is excellent and prices are very reasonable...
Yes we know its small, and yes we know its...small, but the food that they crank out of this place is unmatched by any other diner in wp. No big 30 page menus here, just simple diner food done well. I have been coming here for yearss and before that my parents were going and still come here. Its amazing, its little town feel, they know your name, what you like to order and how you like it. Jack the owner is awesome really great guy. Won't expand but i guess thats what makes star, star right? Anything you get, you really can't go wrong. My go tos are usually the turkey club, grilled bacon cheeseburger, bacon egg and cheese or french toast. But everything they do here they do well. Milkshakes are awesome too.  Can't forget to mention CASH ONLY, yall know all they good spots only take cash right?
OK, if you're looking for fancy, or trendy, this isn't it. This is an honest, hole-in-the-wall diner with very few booths, great counter service, and truly good food. Stopped in here for breakfast before getting on the train back to NYC. The waitress calls everyone hon and shouts out the orders in old-fashioned diner-speak. The guys working the grill are fast and furious, and everything is perfect. My omelette was great, my buddy's eggs were done just to his liking and we loved everything. We were in and out in under a half hour. Cash only, and watch those meters if you're there after 9.
The Wife and I had lunch at the Star Diner before heading down to the City for a concert.  Loved how small and quaint it was, typical greasy-spoon Diner you hear so much about in this area.  We both had the Cheeseburger Deluxe and although it was nothing great, it was still pretty good.  Would have loved to come back the following morning and try their breakfast dishes, especially the corned beef hash, but breakfast was free at the hotel.  Would recommend this place.
One of the best diners I have ever been to! It's quite small but it fits the scene. Our waitress took our order promptly and our food came out quick! I had pancakes and scrambled eggs, which were both fluffy! My mother had eggs, bacon and hash browns. She got about 5 pieces of bacon...which is pretty uncommon for diners. The coffee was strong...which I prefer. We paid under $15 both of us combined. I highly recommend stopping here!
Nice breakfast! Very small and crowded place with great cheese omelets and crispy bacon! Typical diner atmosphere, love to take foreigner friends here. Only thing the waitress could be a bit more friendly
Solid joint, it is. Not fancy. Not modern. Not spacious. Surely solid. I wasn't greeted while walking in. I saw other people just grabbing a seat, so I did too. I was asked for my drink order moments later. Food order after my drink arrived. You'll get your food prepared in front of you (especially if you sit on the near end of the counter) by short order cooks who are fun to watch. Think hibachi, but the movements are natural rather than for show. The time between your order and service is mere seconds more than it takes for your food to cook on the griddle. You won't be waiting for your food long at all. I got one of their breakfast specials. The eggs and corned beef were spot on. The home fries were not as brown and flavorful as I would have liked, but they were tasty with some salt, pepper, and ketchup. My special didn't come with bacon, but I wish it had. The bacon looked crispy and awesome. If you want it limp, be sure to ask for it that way. The staff is primarily Spanish speaking natively. The wait staff spoke perfectly good English to get my order and special requests. Friendly and might even joke around with you. Don't expect to bring more than a party of four unless you want to occupy the counter, if there's even room for you there. Smallish four person booths and counter space only. Cash only. ATM in the entryway. If only this sort of place existed in a slightly nicer space with the ability to take credit cards...
Best home fries I've eaten in years. My son can't stop talking about it. We're headed back today. Lol.
Wow. This place is small, but it's legit. I got eggs, toast, homefries, and bacon. So simple, yet so perfectly put together! My bacon was cooked to order. This is my new favorite breakfast spot. My only complaint would be that the man helping the grill person was handling eggs and preparing other foods at the same time, without washing his hands in between. Otherwise, I will go back again!
Solid diner.  Just had breakfast here on Sunday morning.  This place gets packed.  Good service & coffee. Thanks to my man Monkey for showing me this place!
This is a diner with all of the standards done pretty well. The food is good but not spectacular. But the place itself is the thing: an old 50s diner car that somehow got swallowed up into the neighboring buildings, complete with counter service, chrome, and staff and customers out of Central Casting. Great service and the food hits the spot.
Open 24 hours a day so its there when you need it. When you want perfect eggs over, crispy bacon, homefries and rye toast this is the place.  It never fails.  Love it here you can't go wrong and if you are a local you are sure to run into folks you know.  The only problem is that they do not brew decaf coffee . . .now what is that all about?
Classic diner food. Great, fast service. Cheap! It was smaller than we expected, but cute and good! (Having never been to White Plains, we didn't realize it was downtown). I had the egg and cheese sandwich on rye, and a side of potato salad (especially good with hot sauce - which was at the table). My partner had a short stack of (really good!) pancakes, with bacon. And we shared a slice of (good! homemade!) lemon meringue pie for dessert. We spent $18 in total, with tax and tip. It wasn't gourmet food by any means, but that's not what we were in there for.
Been back a couple of times. Love the feng shui. The corned beef hash is excellent.  This place has moved higher in my diner pantheon.
Completely unassuming on the outside. As we walked up to the front door, I commented to my two friends "I don't think this is the all-American diner we were looking for"..  Wrong. Once in, we realized we were in one of those old stainless steel dining car style diners which so many of them were and still are in. Small, a wee bit cramped but perfect, and good diner food. The burgers were everything you'd expect from an All-American greasy spoon. Buns were toastes, burgers juicy.... Hey, you aren't getting five star cuisine here and I doubt you're getting organic meats.. But this is classic comfort food that everybody craves from time to time. If you're anywhere near by, give it a try, you'll like it.
This is what you want in a diner: a place with regulars. This morning the staff was learning of the recent passing of on regular, identified by his order. Now, that's a DINER! Better than average wheat toast, eggs and home fries with coffee for me. No complaints. Great waitress, fast grill guy takin' care of grill business, and a phone guy calling out loads of to-go orders. Very close to White Plains Hospital. It's small, it's cash only, and it rocks! (And there's an ATM onsite.)
My dad has been taking me here since 1975, back when Pete owned it.  THIS is where I learned that breakfast is not just for breakfast- it shouldn't be limited just to mornings and can be enjoyed at ANY meal! My Dad & stepmom took Mister and me here this afternoon and we all ordered breakfast (quel surprise).  They went the  over easy/medium route, while I opted for an egg omelete w/home fries (extra crispy), bacon and whole wheat toast (buttered)- that's how I roll. Needless to say, we'd all joined the clean plate club 15 minutes later.  Yup, we'll be back!
This is definitely one of the better diners that I have been to. I had a corned beef hash with one egg, and it was probably the best I have had. I also tried a pancake and it was unremarkable but good. Syrup from a big unmarked container. They have egg creams which are probably typical for the area, but I regret not getting one. Their salads are very meh. But I guess you don't go to a diner for that in the first place. Typical curt New York service, but in all the place is a cool little diner with generally good food.
Ive been going here since 1966 when Matty Moustakos owned it. Soon after Mike worked the counter and was the first person i ever saw who had the 'gotta curse tourettes' Hilarious. The home fries have never changed and remain the best in Westchester. Breakfast is their specialty imo and everyone should try it to see what good eggs etc are all about. The place can be so packed you will think you are going to wait forever but when it is like this, its still less than 10 min before your food arrives Also it is worth the stop just to see the smallest full service  bathroom in the country (Gotta be) BTW- This is not a diner where you dawdle after a meal. Limited seating- Eat and get out!! PS Important addition- Star still uses Extra Large Eggs-No tiny yolks here!! (5/2014)
If you're fealing peckish at midnight after landing at White Plains on a wet and foggy night, pop over here and order the corned beef and cabbage.  When you pull up don't freak out and drive off, you'd only be doing yourself a disservice!
Classic greasy-spoon diner.  The food is delicious, cheap and served fast.  The layout is a traditional diner, with a long counter and four or five booths in a narrow space.
Legit greasy spoon diner. Good service good prices and overall the food was good. My only critique would be is the home fries really didn't have any seasoning and when I asked for them well done they were well done on one side only. If they would just have flipped it for a couple of minutes they would have been much better. If I lived in the area this place would become a regular for me. BY THE WAY THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH
0 stars, walked in and walked out. Diner was disgusting, unfriendly, and dirty. It looked like a place where only junkies eat. I absolutely cannot believe this place has almost 5 stars on yelp. I wouldn't eat here if I was paid. Because of this, I no longer can trust yelp. The only reason I even went to this place was because of yelp. The place is utterly disgusting. I cannot comment on the food because I walked right out, but as i said, I wouldn't eat here even if I was paid.
Sorry everyone else. We were not enamored with this place. The ambiance for a diner def gets 5 stars- the food was more like a 2. Overdone omelets, underdone home fries and cold toast. Maybe we were here on an off day, but I have eaten in literally hundreds of diners and the food was mediocre at best. An extra star for being an actual little diner.
The BEST diner in Westchester County, New York is found in White Plains. The Star Diner is the very best. The staff, the food, the price is worth the trip. Weather you want a full meal or light snack. Eat in or to go meals, its all perfect. Each day they have daily specials plus a set menu. Their breakfasts are the best. Open 24 hours a day 7 days a week." ITS A CASH ONLY DINER" that is way the prices are just right. Always packed with people so you know when you see that it got to be good. My friend she loves their Ham, Tomato, & Muzzarella omelet, try one:))))
I REALLY wanted to like this place, and I did.  HOWEVER, my mother didn't.  I tried her dish and I felt bad for her.  She ordered the daily special of the "Pork Chop", and it clearly was NOT a pork chop -- it was a pork LOIN.  Major difference.  Not only that, but the pork loin was poor quality...looked canned, and it was slathered in a sub-par sauce that was syrupy and not good at all.  I felt bad for her.  My father and I got breakfasts (knew we couldn't go wrong with that), and were happy, but the meal overall was upsetting.  We had much higher hopes for this place!
Don't let the appearance fool you. This gem, albeit resembles an eatery in a war torn country, has some of the best diner food I have yet to eat. Having had enough of the hospital food from across the street, I was told in passing about this place, and I am very happy that this person took the time to recommend it. I ordered a turkey sandwich, which not only was made from real fresh turkey breast (no cold cut), but it was a hefty size also. The lettuce and tomato were very fresh and the roll was soft and chewy. Although i have no desire to go back to the hospital, I am looking forward to visiting the Star Diner again soon!
On a boring day my SO and I decided to go find an old tin diner to get some breakfast. We thought this was one, and while it kind of is, it is has weird wall facade in front of it so you can't see the trailer very well. The food was very underwhelming although the service was fine. Wouldn't recommend.
Perfect late night eats. Typical greasy spoon type stumble in at 4am looking for grilled cheese and fries w mozz cheese and brown gravy. Never disappoints, always fast.
First five star review yet. To add to the coincidence of the number five, I will give four positives and only one negative. Firstly, the prices are incredible. Secondly, the staff works hard, fast, and are always smiling whole making sure you are happy. Three, the food is prepared right in front of you do. Four, the quantities are super. Lastly, something which may be a negative to some is that this establishment is a cash only joint (though based on the prices of each dish, doesn't seem so negative in my opinion). PS- best and greatest value dish on menu is bacon cheeseburger deluxe for only $8. Enjoy !!!!!
Star Diner is EVERYTHING a diner is supposed to be. It is authentic and the food is delicious. The cooks are right behind the counter cooking your food right in front of you. I usually order a grilled cheese with bacon and home fries well done, or a cheese burger with a chocolate milkshake (very nice and old fashion.) I have had other things on the menu including soup, it has all been GOOD! It is in a little trailer in a not so great area of White Plains, but this is a weekly lunch stop for me and it will be for as long as possible.
Def will return for yummy breakfast special #2: two eggs, Turkey sausage, potato, toasts and coffee for $5.25! Can't beat that!!!
This place was awesome. A quintessential diner experience - quick, delicious, and cheap!
OH STAR, You are my favourite diner, in the world. I have been in you at ungodly hours of the night, going home after many late nights up in Dutchess County or in the City. I have skipped class to go to you, I have  in you all punked out, and I have come in to your greasy embrace in full suit and tie, reeking of Cigar smoke. Will always love this place.
went there after NYE in White Plains last year.food was excellent,but thought we would be dead,because a fight broke out. i was afraid a gun was going to get pulled out,and BAM! however,the popo showed up and took their asses off to jail.its a great place,but im not going here after 10 pm anymore.
It's not the fanciest place in the world but it is the one that will make you feel right at home.  I've been going back every so often for that steak and egg meal.  Sometimes I just have a craving for it and this place has got the right food, prices, and the people to make you really enjoy yourself.
Best diner in Westchester, by FAR. I almost didn't want to post a review because I don't want more people going there... It's been my go-to diner for over a decade. At this point, everyone there is like family to me. Great food, and always a good time there. Don't be intimidated by the outside, just go in and you'll be rewarded, trust me.
Most authentic diner around! Food is awesome, if you go early in the morning, you might get a couple of white plains crazies, but that's nothing short of the norm. Anyhoo, great food, great staff and authenticity, 5 stars indeed!
Stopped in for breakfast. The place is as described -old, crusty, plenty of regulars. My eggs and pancakes were nothing special. The husband had eggs and a waffle and said the same.  $12 for two breakfasts so we got our money's worth and no more, i guess!
The Star Diner got me through college in the early 80's.  I haven't been there since probably '89, so I can't say how it is now, but if it's anything like it was, it was fantastic.  A great place for a very late night snack or meal.  I used to love the turkey club, the bacon & eggs, and especially the toasted blueberry muffin.  I wish I still lived close enough to go!
My dad introduced me to this place about 7 years ago when I was in high school. Sunday mornings were awesome because of this place. If you go around 10-11:30 on a Sunday morning plan on standing and waiting for a table unless you want to sit at the counter. There are only 6 booths that 4 people each. This is the best diner is a trailer! When you sit down and you want something to drink other than coffee or water you can grab the drink out of the fridge yourself. The waitresses here are awesome and so is the owner. The cooks make everything on the grill in front of the counter so everyone can see how everything is cooked. I've eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner and all of those meals get an A+ from me. Service is quick and you'll be in and out of there in less than an hour. Don't be scared by the location, it's perfectly safe to park on the street but don't forget quarters! If you live in White Plains and you don't know about this place or have never been shame on you! They don't take credit cards so be sure to have cash on hand unless you want to use their no name ATM.
