...  I can't properly express/verbalize/write my love for Harry G's. I asked where I could find pastrami in ROC and a co-worker recommended here.  Came here on a Saturday afternoon, and the angels sang when I opened the door.  Pastrami, spicy mustard, fresh, soft rye bread.  Simple perfection.  I'm sure the other pastrami/corned beef sammies are good too, but I'm traditional and can't really deviate from the classic.  I've also had the Park Ave which is turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, with a delicious and sweet basil mayo on one of their crazy-outta-this-world soft and chewy rolls.  *_* Didn't realize they served breakfast, but I wished that I ordered it!  Dunno if I would live after consuming it though.  The boy got some sort of a bfast sandwich (forgot the name) I've just been calling it 'the Monster,' because it was four eggs, bacon, two hashbrowns, American cheese, on a sub roll.  Managed to sneak a bite and holey-moley was it good.  You should win a t-shirt if you're able to eat this thing in its entirety, it's huge, Rochester, /huge/.   Portion size, outta control and I'm okay w/ that.  Delicious.  New favorite place.  Will be haunting it more often.
I count on yelp when traveling and this was no exception coming from Md to rochester. We had a party of 10 stop by for lunch in this quaint sandwich shop that has 12 tables     And we took up 3 table tops and the owners were happy to accommodate us.   The menu on the wall was full of ny style sandwiches panini a really anything you could imagine. I ordered the kosher style piled high on a sub roll. The service was fantastic. It was fast for the amount of people and the amount of food we ordered. Stop by and grab a authentic sub or sand here you will not be disappointed.
I have been impressed more and more lately with the sandwiches I get here.  Their bread is so fresh and delicious and the  quality of their ingredients can't be beat.  My husband and I often order a large sub and share it because they are so massive.
Harry G's is host to one of the biggest sandwiches I've ever laid eyes on. A sandwich so large, I thought I was being punked. Surely this 15 inch sandwich couldn't be all for me. But, oh, it was. And I barely finished a third of it. I made the delicious rookie mistake of (calling in my take out order of) a full sized Lope for myself and practically fell out of my chair when I brandished the magnanimous sub stacked with flavorful fried eggplant, bits of proscuitto, roasted red peppers, melted mozzarella, and balsamic. I was on my way to hangry town and slowly but surely made my way through as much of that tasty sub as humanly possible. If you have a big appetite, or you're just looking for a super tasty sub, most definitely give Harry G's a try.
Maybe I would give a two-star after my first experience in Harry G's. That was an occasional lunch and I tried a beef sandwich which I thought was definitely the worst sandwich I'd ever had. The story should have stopped but surprisingly enough people keep telling me that the Harry G's has fabulous sandwiches. And so I couldn't help giving a second shot. Still a sandwich, worst ever. Now I really don't understand why people like their sandwiches.
I love local family owned business! A group of us ordered lunch from Harry G's and every was so pleased. I had a tuna melt that was SO delicious and my colleagues all loved their lunches! I can't wait to eat at Harry G's again!
This is another place where quantity often trumps quality.  You get huge subs, and lots of meat, the sides are also large. Which makes this a popular stop for the hungry lunch crowd, including interns I work with. However, I have not found an outstanding sub here yet. They always feel like they are missing something, a mushroom and chicken melt felt too creamy and one note. The special chicken sub needed more spice. So although my hunger is satisfied, my desire for more flavor is always left wanting. I never really crave going here, but my co-workers love this place, so I eat here more often than I really care to do. Their saving grace is that they have cheesy eddies desserts and very good potato chips. If you are the kind of person than needs a very substantial lunch, this place is for you!
Mad decent turkey and swiss sandwich with a SOLID side pickle (kosher dill, only way to go AMIRITE?!). The space is huge, clean, and has ample seating. Friendly enough staff. Very fair prices. Credit cards welcome, no minimum. No wait on a Sunday afternoon. What's not to like?
I visited Harry G's for the first time recently. Harry G's is a submarine/sandwich shop in South Wedge . Discovering additional dining options in the area has made SW that much more exciting.   Harry G's menu is fairly extensive. They offer a variety of sandwiches, wraps, paninis and salads all at reasonable prices. For example, a half-sub is $7 and a full sub is $10. Pricing is practically on par with DiBellas and it's not even a chain restaurant. As other reviews have mentioned, the portions are generous. The half-sub is easily enough for lunch, even for a big eater like me. I ordered the Triborough, which consists of ham, cappy, salami, lettuce, tomato, red onion, roasted red pepper, provolone and olive spread. I was in a rush and overlooked the olive ingredient. There aren't too many food items that I dislike, but olives are one of them. Even so, the sandwich was still pretty tasty. I actually ended up eating most of the sandwich later that day, so i'm sure it would have tasted better fresh.
A lot of people are complaining about how this isn't a 'legit New York City style deli'. News Flash: You are in Rochester and who cares because the sandwiches are bangin'. Super awesome prices, you will be stuffed for less than 10 bucks. I have had the Pittsburgh and the Kasha. I always get half of a sandwich and even that is too much, I can split a half with a friend. The coolest thing is that you can get cold sandwiches, or heartier warm sandwiches. The servings are very generous, even the sides of waffles fries, or the containers of various cold salads. They have gluten free options. They sell all natural potato chips-I recommend the jalapeño! The staff ( I have been served by the same guy every time) at the counter is super-nice. Also has great recommendations. The deli has chalkboards on each table to play around with while you are waiting for your food. Love it.
Went here for the first time last night.  I wasn't very hungry unfortunately so all I ordered was a side of fries which were really good.  My fiance ordered the 590 sandwhich that looked delicious.  Added bonus of free wi-fi - always a huge plus in my book! Will definitely go back when I have more of an appetite!!
Harry G's is giving DiBella's a run for it's money... I think I found a new go-to sandwich shop! Also, the debates below about this being a worthy NY-style deli - I could care less as long as the food is good and it is. Give me my sub. My boyfriend and I are in the mode of ordering 2 things, then split and share. We tried The Lope and The Triborough. The Lope comes with fried eggplant and prosciutto. The eggplant was the star! I could really go without the prosciutto. The eggplant was perfectly fried. The crust managed to stay on the eggplant and had great flavor with a hefty amount of melty mozz on top. Paired with roasted red peppers, it's a vegetarian delight (of course minus the meat). The Triborough was a meat-filled extravaganza turning me into a full-on Italian meats lover. I must say the olive tapenade was my favorite addition to this sandwich adding some brine to the already salty meat. No problemos there. A nice alternative to the traditional Italian combo sandwich. The half sandwiches are 6" and definitely enough for a lunch. Plus, the sub rolls are delectable and complement the hearty fillings that come along with these sandwiches. No risk of the bread overpowering the good stuff in the center. Next time, I'll add a side of mac salad and take these treats to the park for a little picnic. Also, leave your mark on your next visit. Write on the brick walls with some chalk: "so-and-so wuz here" circa 1998.
I put off going here for a long time because, quite frankly, there are a million ways a sandwich can go wrong and lead to disappointment. I am sorry I put Harry G's off for so long. No disappointment here. I should tell you what I ordered though; the Pittsburgh. I can't believe someone even thought this naughty pet* up -- it's steak, melted provolone, coleslaw, spicy curly fries, tomato and oil. I feel sort of embarrassed admitting to have ordered and devoured this. Oh, and I also ordered more fries. This sandwich was really just... sinful. My only quibble was the bread. The bread was so thick. But it did manage to contain the contents which were drippy. I am definitely going back here. And I am ordering the Pittsburgh again. Probably will every time. * Chris Farley a la Tommy Boy. You have to say it like just like that.
Harry G's is a rockin place! I've tried a few things there and have really enjoyed everything! I got a grilled cheese one time, it was probably one of the best grilled cheeses I've ever eaten. They have yummy homemade soups as well! I love this place!
I love this place! I just went there for lunch..it was packed and the staff is so friendly! I got a Cobb salad.  It was really hard to resists their chicken floritine special, but I had to choose something kind of healthy.   The salad was a good size for the price.  I hate nothing more then when I pay $8 for a salad and am dissapointeed with it.  This salad was packed with everything.  The best part was, they cut the chicken up into little pieces so I had chicken in every bite! It was awesome! Next time I go I will deifnittly be eating a sammy.  I have had my fair share of wraps from there and you can't go wrong with any of them.  Great place and it better stay around for a long time!
Disclaimer: I am not familiar with delis in New York City and how they can only be run by a certain religious group (apparently?). I am reviewing this place as the neighbourhood sandwich shop it is meant to be. Harry G's has an open, clean and airy feel to it. All orders are placed at the counter and it appears that all food comes out as if it is to go but you are welcome to eat at one of the tables after picking up your food at the counter. I can imagine this is annoying for environmentally conscious customers who don't want to generate waste. I ordered what I think was 590 (or maybe it was the 490..?) - chopped steak, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese and 2 giant fried onion rings served inside what tasted like a Martusciello's roll. For my side, I got the pasta salad. I was saddened by the lack of Jones soda (and the general limited variety). I ended up picking a diet coke. Getting a sandwich, side and soda resulted in some sort of discount. The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time. The half 590 was pretty big (about 6 inches) and was stuffed with beef. It came with a pickle. The sandwich was excellent. Every bite with the soft bread, onion rings (which actually were rings of onion fried) providing a crunch and the juicy beef was well worth the gazillion calories it probably was. The BBQ sauce was tangy without being overwhelmingly sweet but the cheddar cheese got a little lost among the flavours. I know I didn't pick the most imaginative of sandwiches but everyone needs a safe classic sometimes! The pasta salad started out promisingly - al denta pasta, vegetables and chick peas in an Italian dressing. Then I hit what tasted like a wall of red onion. I like red onion but it was too strong in the pasta salad for my liking. I will get the onion rings or french fries next time. The cashier was a little hyper but he answered all my questions cheerily. All in all, I expect to be eating here a little more frequently than I should. It is a great addition to the South Wedge!
A ton of different/creative sandwich and deli combinations.  The ingredients seem to be of high quality and the rolls they use are awesome.  The staff seemed to be very patient and helpful with their vast menu.  The environment inside was very homey and casual, where they allow you to draw on the tables or even write your name or a message on the wall. One tip I would say, the sandwiches are huge.  I can usually take down a large sub most places and I would have to try pretty hard to finish one of them here.
Harry G's has great subs. I LOVE their bread. The Central Park is the best.
Not cheap but now a days where can you get a cheap sandwich? That doesn't mean it isn't a deal.$12 will you get a "12"" sub and an order of fries, this is easily 2 meals!! SPlit it with a friend or take half home. I wish it was locally owned and not NYC based and the hours kinda suck,  they could make good money staying open later. It's worth your time to give them a shot. Also note, it IS right next door to some of the best ice cream in the city at Hedonist!!
Being that I'm originally from around the NYC area, this is like a little slice of home. The South Wedge sandwich is my favorite. It has roast beef, topped with their own coleslaw (which I think is delicious and i'm picky with my coleslaws), and russian dressing. It's a sandwich that has just the right amount of moisture to it. Their portions are huge so getting half a sandwich is more than enough unless you have a big apatite. I go here whenever I'm in the area. I'd stay away from the soup though. I once got a chicken noodle soup and it was just as average as all the other chicken noodle soups. Stick to getting a sandwich.
I had rather high expectations going into Harry G's. The Douglas was probably the best sandwich I've ever had anywhere in Rochester. Thanks for not letting me down. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious sandwiches. I look forward to many more visits.
Great sandwiches, they are huge portions! Bring a dining companion with an appetite. The sides we tried ( pasta and potato salad) were ok, but nothing special, a bit bland.
I had the Manhattan Chicken (chicken salad with toasted almonds and grapes) and loved it!  You can taste the quality of the ingredients used and the sub rolls are the best I have had in Rochester. The building itself has a great atmosphere and really fits the food.  While it is not the cheapest place, the portions are large and I definitely felt like it was a good value for the quality. This is what a deli/café should be.
Really good sandwiches. Ingredients- including meat, cheese and produce are all very fresh and great quality. Although the menu is a tad pricey, it is worth it. The subs are very large and often 1 of the halfs is plenty while the other half can be saved for later on. Neat space for eating in, fits perfectly in the wedge. Friendly staff and creative menu items make this place an overall good place to frequent.
As much as I love a good sub from DiBellas or Pelligrino's, sometimes I want a sandwich done right. Sub rolls are all well and good but there is something special when you take sliced bread, meat and toppings and make it into something more than the individual ingredients. Hoping for the best, I went for the basic hot pastrami on rye with mustard. Sandwiches like this are simple but difficult to make properly and Harry Gs pulled it off well. The bread didn't fall apart under the hot pastrami and wasn't hidden flavor wise either. The quantity of meat isn't like the giant piles of meat some places offer which creates a balance between everything. The only major issue is that I would hope that somewhere like this would make some of their own meats like the corned beef and pastrami at the very least. Something to really differentiate yourself. The pastrami I had was fine but not fresh homemade by any means. I'll be back again to try out some more of their food and see what else they have to offer.
If you are a sandwich lover you have to try Harry G's. The sandwiches I have tried have all been fabulous. The one I keep coming back to is the Cherise. Grilled buttery rye bread with pastrami, Swiss and coleslaw...what's not to love.
Pro's Like the feel of the place! Decor is nice, chalkboard tables fun, staff friendly. HUGE selection of "sammiches" deli style but everything under the sun. Great dessert display. Macaroonsssssss! Everything seems very fresh. Right next to LUX and open late (everything else was closed on Fri. night). Cons Too much to choose from on huge chalkboards. A typed list would have been great. Might have been one but not that we noticed. We said we were eating in but they packaged everything to go in styrofoam. Kinda felt rushed out (no clue what closing time is) and the less than green styrofoam was a waste. Paper wraps and bags would be more authentic as well. It was dead quiet. Music? We would definitely go back!
I went there last night to pick up a take out order for my friends and I, and it was phenomenal. The staff was very polite and helpful, the prices were very reasonable, and the food was excellent. I ordered the Pittsburgh, and I loved it. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items that piqued my interest.
Harry G's has really great food, but every time I've gone it's taken forever to get it. I usually opt for the Kasha or roasted veggie sandwich, both of which have been flawless every time, but the slow prep time is definitely not worth it when you're already hungry. Go when you're ALMOST hungry and it would be perfect.
Fantastic place to get a lunch takeout on that busy workday. Food is always fresh, and tasty, and I have never had any complaints. Wish they had a separate checkout counter for takeouts, but I digress. My favorites from this place are the Portobello Mushroom Panini, and the buffalo chicken sub. The omelettes are pretty good too. This place gives you a bang for your buck
The reviews by Alex C. and Alan G. are way off the mark.   I just moved back to Rochester after five years in NYC.   The current state of the "New York Deli" is pretty sad.  Carnegie, Katz's, and Second Avenue are about the only delis still left in Manhattan.  There are a few others in the outer boroughs, but they aren't as widely known.  If I wanted something authentic, without the wait or hype, I would have to go out to Mill Basin or up to the Bronx.  The majority of contemporary New York delis are pretty sad; frozen knishes, Boar's Head meat, "turkey bacon," and rolls so bad that even the rats would pass on them.   Back to Harry G's, I must say, I was pleasantly surprised.  I looked past the spartan decor and straight to my sandwich, I was nothing but smiles.  My full size Bronx Bomber was succulent, the italian sausage was grilled to perfection, I loved the "hero" and it had the perfect ratio of veggies to meat.  The counter staff was super helpful and my food came out in a true New York minute.  What's not to love? At Harry G's, they make good, honest sandwiches.  Sometimes Open Face is a bit over the top, or I'm not feeling Mise en Place; Harry G's fills that void for me.  The New York Deli may be dying in Gotham, but it is thriving here in the South Wedge.
This is a cute little place that's great for kids/families. Very casual. The sandwiches aren't terribly inventive, but they're classic, fresh, and good. I know some people have complained that for a NY style deli, they don't have a lot of NY classics, but you can't have everything, right? Perhaps I'm biased as a sandwich/sub fanatic! The bread is always really fresh and yummy. And they make their own mayo which I think has a good flavor. Also, the sweet potato fries are yum. I would definitely recommend this place for a quick lunch with a ton of options and a great place for large groups/take-out.
I had dinner at Harry G's and found the overall experience quite pleasant. The staff was extremely friendly, helpful, and informative when we asked questions about the menu. When I was there the restaurant was not overly busy, but most of the empty tables were dirty so after we tried 3 tables and found them all dirty, we finally settled on one of the tall bar tables in the restaurant front window and used paper napkins to wipe the mess ourselves--because it was just a dry paper napkin though, we were still left with some greasy schmutz and loose crumbs. I really liked sitting in the window with a nice view of South Ave on a sunny evening. There was plenty of good people watching to be done while we ate. The seating and street view ended up being one of my favorite parts of the meal. The preparation of our sandwiches did not take long and the food was delivered to our table with a smile which was great. I am a big Reuben fan, so I ordered a Reuben and was a little underwhelmed with the meat. It was was very grisly and tough. When I bit into it, I had difficulty breaking off a piece and not yanking all of the contents out of the sandwich with each bite. The flavor was very nice though. I liked the sauce, the sauerkraut, and the bread. I've read some really good reviews about Harry G's sandwiches and I really did enjoy my experience there overall so I am definitely planning on going back and sitting in the front window but I do not think I will order another Reuben.
Great deli in the South Wedge neighborhood. The veggie "Aunt Jill" wrap is brilliant. It was nice and warm and I added the pesto mayo. This deli has a lot of traditional NY deli sandwiches but also salads, daily soup specials, as well as wraps. This variety is nice and caters to folks who are not as keen to sandwiches as well. It also provides the hard core sandwich addict with their fix. It's a nice balance from the old school NY deli style with modern menu items. Enjoy!
Silly me! I thought I could walk into Harry Gs this morning, order an egg sandwich to go and be on my way lickety split. Not a chance. Maybe if Harry G's didnt call itself a "New York Deli" I'd be more lenient but if you're gonna take on that kind of title you need to own it and this place is NOTHING like a NY deli. For starters, New Yorkers (ie ME) do not like to wait long periods of time for stuff. Took over 15 minutes for my sandwich to be given to me after I paid for it and the place was not busy. To make matters worse when I got in my car I saw that it was a fried egg and I prefer scrambled (I was never asked which I wanted). Forcing myself to eat half of the sandwich, it took a lot of will power not to toss the other half out of my moving vehicle . Delis are supposed to be fast paced, and quick. Harry G's had one moderately confused newbie working the register, one slow stoner making sandwiches in the back, and someone who looked like a manager, scurrying about, looking busy. They also seem to be very proud of the fact that they only serve "Thumman" meats. Hello? Boar's Head is the best and I could go across the street to Mise to get that. I'm all for supporting local businesses but this place is not worth the hype at all. It remains to be seen if the lingering hippies who have not a care in the world nor a place to be, can keep it afloat.
They've done the same thing for me and this poor family two more times since my initial review. GREAT customer service!
Can't say enough about this place!  I'm a huge fan of sandwiches and this is among the best that I've ever had!  The Pittsburgh is fantastic, as is the Central Park, and the South Wedge!  They also have a ton of options for the vegetarian among us.  Prices are realistic, portions are ridiculously large, and the taste is out of bounds!! Definitely give this place a shot!
After about a month off, I gave Harry 's another shot.  Surely they've resolved stocking & prep issues by now, right? They were out of bread for paninis.   I give up.
Why am I so enamored with Harry G's? I just went there last night for a quick bite to eat and was utterly and pleasantly surprised with everything! Being there on a Friday night, I was expecting it to be a sort of elbow-to-elbow atmosphere and to my surprise, it wasn't!  The decor is suggestive of a New York City delicatessen. (If you sit on the side where the brick wall is, there's chalk on the table to write your name!) I loved it. I decided to order the award-winning Pittsburgh sandwich, and award-winning it was! They give you the option of having a half or a whole portion of the sandwich and I went for the half (which was more than enough and only $5.75?!? SO reasonable). When it was brought to my table, I was hesitant because at first glance it looked like a lot of bread. After I had a couple bites of it, the bread was necessary. The bread was there to soak up all of the delicious juice coming from the sandwich. The flavor that Harry G's put in this BIG piece of heaven in Rochester, NY was really unbelievable. Why did it have so much flavor? And why have I never had a sandwich like this in my life? The fries were seasoned perfect and I'm not a huge coleslaw eater but that was great as well. The steak that was on there was cooked to perfection. I eat steak maybe once or twice a year, but I could eat this every day. The mayo and the oil on the sandwich just enhanced the flavors that much more. I cannot wait to go back and try something different, I'm sure I won't be disappointed! The only downfall to the location is the parking situation. The car was parked a good 10 minute walk away from the place, but that's not an abnormality in Rochester. A little walk never hurt anybody though, right? I'm so happy I stumbled upon this place. I can't wait to go back! See you soon, Harry G's!
Come here all the time and everything I've had is consistently good. Breakfast sandwiches have TWO eggs. Mind blown.
Wow, what a great deli, was in Highland Hospital and had mt wife stop for lunch one day and had a fabulous Triborough, great cold cuts made with style bread was what really held it together, Menu is big, there are many choices, have had several other items off the menu and have never been dissapointed.  Stopped in for lunch today and liked the place for a quiet spot to eat and talk,  outstanding place a real addition to the city.
Really good. I didn't realize it was there. The sandwich I got was really good and the friends I was with were also stuffed after the meal. I cannot remember what I got but everything on the menu looked good and I wasn't sure what to order.
As the previous reviewer stated, this is a poor imitation of a "New York Style" deli. I mean, they don't have blintzes, they were out of knishes,they don't stock Yoo hoo, Stewart's sodas, or even Arizona iced teas. They have a merely passable hot pastrami sandwich, but the rest of the menu is filled with cutesy New york sounding names. The 'help' there seem to range from 'perky' to 'clueless'. They try to charge New york prices, however..... BTW, if you doubted the authenticity of this place, a quick look at the business license shows that the manager's name is Brandon. A friend of mine once told me "Never order a hot pastrami at a goyische-owned deli". I think he was right. I don't expect this place to last.
Awesome joint bread is always fresh. Sub selection is great and service is solid. I keep coming back because you always know what your going to get and that is quality.
Great sandwiches, it always takes me 15 minutes to decide what I want because of the amount of choices. Its in a great location and the food is always fresh. I would suggest "The Clem" I've had it several times now and its never disappointing. Beware though if you are the type that likes a hard crusty roll for your subs. I love the bread but it does not have a thick crust.
Love Harry G's.  Turkey Natural, 390, 490...  All excellent.  Bring an appetite or order a 1/2.  This place will feed you till you pop!
Harry G's is a deli in the South Wedge of Rochester, perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner, with food offerings to satisfy pretty much anyone!  They have a few vegetarian selections available along with the regular menu, and their weekly specials are always creative and delicious.  While I am far from having "regular customer" status, the times that I've eaten at Harry G's, I've never eaten the same thing twice - there is so much to choose from, everything from matzo ball soup to eggplant parmesan sandwiches to burgers, and everything in between.  Their food is made fresh and the half sandwiches are big enough to make two meals out of.  While the prices are fair for the portion sizes (plan on spending about $25 for two people), I do wish they had a soup & sandwich combo available.  On the upside, the staff is always very friendly, there is a customer restroom (which I really didn't expect to find in a place this small), and free WiFi is available.  If you're looking for a low-key place serving up soups, salads, and every type of sandwich you can think of, try Harry G's.  They just might become your new favorite eatery!
Yummy.  Tons of options and their bread is heaven.  I can't think of one good reason not to give this place a solid 5 stars.  Fantastic!
I've been to Harry G's several times now and tried the Philly cheese steak, the Douglas and the central ave sandwiches. All of the sandwiches so far were excellent. I especially love the bread. A half sandwich is enough for my appetite. Where else can you go in Rochester & have a delicious lunch for $5? I'm in love!
The Pittsburgh makes me have to change my brain diaper.  I can also recommend the Buffalo Chicken Panini!!!  I don't give it 5 stars because the staff does not make me love it...grow the store's culture!!!!!!  Fly your freak flags and get to know your customers because you are lucky enough NOT to be Subway!!!!
Based on the two wraps I've eaten here, I will tell you all you need to know: the food here is well made and tasty. Yeah the eat-in atmosphere is a little sterile, but that's because it's still too new to have developed any "atmosphere." Clean and spacious though.
We were walking by one day and they were building the place and we yelled hurry up were hungry over here in the wedge! There are other cool places in the wedge don't be mistaken, but we really needed an old fashioned deli that makes great sandwiches at a price I could afford. I love that I can get half sandwich and Dr. Browns Cream Soda for 5 bucks, or order a good full pastrami sandwich for seven something. The honey turkey was freaking awesome. The roast beef was really tasty and not some salted up stuff ya get from a bad deli. I used to work at the Carnegie Deli in New York as delivery guy way back in the 80's with Leo Steiner and crew. Everyone of them has something you could kvetch about and I'm sure the Styrofoam to-go containers make a few wince but it's only two weeks there open. The guys are getting there sea legs and eager to please the crowds. I look for tell tale signs of success. Nurses, folks in Scrubs, cops, firefighters are always seen ordering food there. They got a good thing going and wow what a nice addition to the wedge. Still love Misen, Zeppa, Tap,and Beale, but it's great to have new comer like this.
Harry G's is a good, cheap sandwich stop in a convenient location. There's not a hell of a lot more to say about the place than this. We've had cheesesteaks, the 590 and the 490 a few times. My only major complaint is that the ratio of bread to filling is tremendous - they probably need to bolster their filling portions a bit. I wouldn't mind paying a bit more if this was the case. When you bite into a sandwich or sub, you want the bread to complement the fillings, not the other way around. On the upside, the prices are good and the exposed brick inside is unique for a little deli. Speaking of which, the inside is not that "little." In a way, you feel that a lot of space is wasted inside there. They could add a mini-business on the side in there - pastries, olive oils, something. Feels cavernous for what it offers and it's rarely packed to the gills. In all, not a bad choice, but for Rochester, you could do better....
I was there for lunch today and had a Julianne salad. It was $6.50 which was a little steep for the salad, it was a bit small. They forgot the egg on the salad which made me sad. Usually when I am sad I eat my feelings, alas the salad didn't do the job since it was small and missing the egg. Staff was friendly and the food came quick, even though they were busy at lunch time. I would try them again.
On a busy Friday at lunchtime, I called in my order, and that was a good thing. There was a 30-35 minute wait. With all the press this place has been getting lately, I wasn't surprised and wanted to share that info. As swamped as they were (at 1:30), the favorable reviews are warranted - this place has great food. The sandwiches and subs were large and delicious. I basically ordered what was mentioned in the City newspaper last week, and I was able to try three of the sandwiches and a dessert. The Cherise sandwich is a reuben, but made with pastrami ... and delicious. I moved on to the chicken florentine sandwich - also delicious. The City newspaper mentioned that the "Pittsburgh sub" is the restaurant's best seller, but didn't explain it. I ordered one, tasted it, and will be my go-to order in the future, it was that good. [chopped steak, melted provolone, spicy fries, coleslaw, tomato, mayo and oil... mmmm] I tasted a mini-cheesecake with mini-chocolate chips for dessert, and wouldn't share it. Quite delicious, and I liked the reasonable size and prices of their desserts. This is a sandwich shop pure and simple. And it's a sandwich shop that rates 5 stars.
Great tasting sandwiches. Everything is fresh and well put together. Awesome pickles. Greattasting chicken noodle soup but it could use some more chicken.
I'm not going to compare this to an NYC deli as I don't really think it's fair or important.  The place is really nice to have in the South Wedge.  It's clean and friendly and the service is pretty quick.  The prices are certainly not NYC, and that will keep me coming back.  The sandwiches have been very tasty and fresh, and good proportions.  The fries were not greasy, although they ran out of ketchup the night I was there....weird.  The salad I had was fresh and plentiful, although nothing extraordinary.  My biggest complaint is about the matzo ball soup.  While the broth was nice, the matzo balls were shameful.  I've had many a matzo ball in my day, both in deli's and homemade.  These seemed to come straight from a recipe on the back of a box, it was as if they hadn't even tried.  The inside was dry, it was on the sweet side and had the consistency and taste more of a pastry.  I hope they revisit their recipe for the matzo ball.  Nevertheless, I'd recommend the place for a quick, cheap and yummy bite and I'll surely be back.  Oh, and the night I was there, there was no Dr. Brown's, which was disappointing.
No, they don't have blinis nor knishes. On the other hand the sandwiches are really good and there's a nice variety. They are large and generous -- a  half sub is more than enough for most people. The food is nice and fresh. I didn't much like their spicy fries -- a little too spicy for me. The staff is friendly. There IS a printed menu in addition to the large menu on the wall.
I wish restaurants that use "New York Style" would stop using that term.  They are not, unless they mean Rochester NY.  I grew up in NYC and I have yet to find a restaurant in Rochester that is at the same level as a NYC restaurant they claim to be like.  As far as Harry G's, it hardly resembles a NYC deli.  It doesn't have the look or feel.  You will never get a sandwich on a styrofoam plate, paper cup and plastic Utensils. How cheesy!  The bread is not the caliber of a NYC deli.  I suppose if you never experienced a real deli like Katz's, Carnegie, 2nd Ave Deli you don't know any better.  Bottom line, there are no real "New York Style" deli's in Rochester yet.  If you understand that you are not getting the real McCoy and are satisfied with inferior quality, go for it.  I am spoiled and still waiting for a "New York Style" deli which may never happen.  I'm lucky enough to visit my hometown a few times a year and get my amazing deli sandwich then.  It's worth the wait.
