Oh gosh...the food was slamming. Iove this place. It's cute and cozy. When walking in, you'll see the bar like up front and personal then walk a few steps to the back you'll wait until you're seated. Remember "American Werewolf in London" circa (1980's), when the guys went to this little cute pub somewhere in the country side? well that's the way my husband and I felt. With all joke aside I like it very much. Let me go on with the food... We orderd a merlot and pinot noir and enjoyed the ambience. Jesus Christ with all the awesome selections it was difficult on deciding what to order. I settled for the whole wheat noodle, spinach and mushroom lasagna. My husband settle for the chicken parmigiana. The menu is extensive with all the nice Italian dishes plus more, BUT at the bottom of the menu you'll find a caption that reads something like : DISHES ARE ALL MADE TO ORDER, PLEASE BE PATIENT", boy were they right.   I didn't get upset nor was I huffing and puffing because the menu stated that there was going to be a wait. So my husband and I continued to absorb what Francesco's had to offer. Our dinner literally came after 30-40 minutes afrer we placed our order. It's all good. My vegetarian lasagna was slamming!!! We'll definitely be back and try their pizza pies!
Came to white plains for a wedding. Went in for lunch as one of recommended options by bridal party. Was therefore excited, expecting some good homemade pasta etc. First off, senior gentleman, ?probably owner, waited on us. Was not friendly at all as some of these reviews have alluded to. When I asked for specific recommendation he just blew me off and said "well ya know its all good. Pasta? Pizza? Wedge? It's all good" we ordered Cesar salad, spaghetti and clams, and penne with  butter sauce and chicken. Cesar was nothing special, but whatever. Clams were salty and rubbery and the spaghetti was clearly out of a grocery box. Same with penne. The shocker? 4oz of dry grilled chicken, penne, and butter was apparently custom and we got charged 15.95. At lunch. Total bill was close to $40 no drinks. Bottom line: total tourist trap. go have a nice meal at the local Cheesecake Factory and save the real and soulful Italian for the big city.
Don't listen to any of the bad reviews. I was very skeptic to go here because of them, but decided to give it a shot. So what if the decor isn't great... It's all about the food right???! Anyways the food was amazing and so were the prices. I got the penne a la vodka with mozzarella cheese melted on top and it was DELICIOUS... Might I say one of the best penne a la vodkas I've ever had. Everything else on the menu looked pretty good as well! Give it a shot!
The place is an old traditional italian restaurant. The wait in the beginning is crowded by the bar because of the limited table seating. But once you get seated everything is great. The waiters and waitresses are very nice and helpful with the menu. The food is outstanding. The sausage pizza and the penne vodka is great. Always a must when i go there. If your in the area, it is a must to stop by.
The food here is great.  Like someone else mentioned, I also originally came here after seeing this restaurant on Jeff Varasano's pizza list, but I've also tried the rest of the food a couple of times now.  I will definitely keep coming back. Why the 3 stars then? If I could break down my review into subcategories, I would probably give the food 4.5 stars. I'm not sure why they settle for being average with everything else though.  I don't mind the old decor, but there're little things they can do to improve that don't cost money. My bread plate was a bit dirty, the butter is ice cold and impossible to spread, the servers delivered food to the wrong tables twice, it was difficult to cut veal with my butter knife when there's three cutlets stacked on top of each other, there's no presentation at all with the dishes, etc. But with that said, the food was excellent and I'm interested in trying the rest of the menu.
why all of the hype? Maybe I'm missing something. There seems to be a "regular" feel here, and we truly felt out of place. From the neon lights, to the bar entrance, and the tacky decor inside...this place definitely  needs to face lift. I wouldn't insult the place my parents, and their parents have been eating at for years either. But if that is no the case for you, I don't recommend it. Although the food is good ( I had the seafood sampler) it isn't something you cant find anywhere else for a lesser price and same quality. Personally, I would not go back again.
Food OK. Service was fair at best.
In White Plains with some co-workers and looking for some authentic Italian NY food (ie. not Cheesecake Factory). This place is straight up old school and that's why it's awesome. While waiting for our table at the bar we witnessed multiple locals schmoozing with the bartender. After receiving some great recommendations we were seated and excited to check out the food.  Overall the food was great. Perfect home style Italian with the ambiance to boot.   Definitely recommend the mussels in red sauce,  bakes ziti, eggplant parmigiana and the Malbec wine!   Great dinner!
I came here after reading about Francesco's on Jeff Varasano's pizza list, which is among the best I've come across.  As he described, Francesco's is an Italian restaurant that happens to serve pizza.  Opened sometime in the late 1950's, it's still owned and operated by the same family.  It's off the main drag in White Plains and doesn't look like much from the outside; inside it looks like a typical Italian restaurant with some booths in the front with tables in the back, paintings on the wall, dim lighting, etc.  The service was very good, contrary to what some others are saying on Yelp.  Granted that I came here for lunch with only 2 other tables around, but I got exactly what I came for here: a great pizza in an old school atmosphere. I got a medium pie with sausage.  The crust was the star attraction; it was well fermented with bready character, and crisp as well.  I usually like my pizza with a thinner crust and less seminola used, but those are smaller complaints; it was a bit leathery too, similar to Santarpio's in Boston.  The cheese was applied with a heavy hand, and while it was good it did overshadow the garlicy tomato sauce.  However, it did do a good job of keeping some great sausage chunks in place.  Bursting with pork and fennel, these I would say are the topping of choice here.  As a whole this was a great pie that lived up to the hype.  The medium was also the perfect size to have leftovers to take home! Looking at the other reviews here, maybe I need to come back to try the other food.  It's great to see an old school Italian restaurant like Francesco's doing so well.  With old school Italian food becoming more rare each year with older places shuttering, Francesco's is a gem.  I'd eat here regularly if I lived nearby.
Great food! Great atmosphere! Friendly service! Always a pleasure to eat there. We go every Friday for dinner with friends.  It is what I look forward to every week! Specials are on the walls and the bread is hot served with olive oil or butter. My mouth waters just thinking about it!
Tried this because the reviews were good. Not our experience. First the good. The food was plentiful. Almost everyone took home leftovers. Four of us walked in and were ignored for a good five minutes despite being passed by the waitresses numerous times. Once we were acknowledged we were told we needed to wait for at least ten minutes. It was made clear that we were not regulars and about 20 years to young for this place. Another couple walked in and without asking just sat at a table for six. We ordered pasta , pizza and parmigiana. From the time we walked in to the time we left took almost two hours on a Monday night. Little wait staff attention. Our water glasses were not refilled even once. The gnocchi was simple but fine. The pizza sauce was hot but the crust was soggy. The chicken parmigiana had hot sauce but cool chicken.   The ravioli was inconsistent. In summary, good quantity, reasonable prices, average quality, poor service.
It's a dive that serves the best pizza in Westchester. My wife and I used to go once a week when we lived in White Plains. Definitely worth the wait on weekends!
House salad with blue cheese and their signature dressing is to die for. It reminds me of the salad dressing my great nana used to make.  Not a great atmosphere but terrific italian food.
My friend introduced me to this place last week. I had suggested we go for Italian food and being new to the neighborhood, I wasn't sure where to go for the best. She assured me this would be the best I have ever had. Francesco's did not disappoint this high expectation. As soon as we arrived we were promptly seated. We shared the house salad for 2 (with Gorgonzola....this is a must) and it was delicious and plenty. Their house dressing is delicious. Next we shared their baked ziti and a side of meatballs. Both very good and we were pleasantly full and thankful we didn't go for 2 main courses. I will definitely be returning to Francesco's. Oh and did I mention how reasonable the bill was?? Another reason for 5 stars.
I'm hesitant to write a review for this place, because I already had to wait 40 minutes for a table last night.  It was worth the wait. On our way back to Brooklyn from Taconic State Park traffic was at a standstill just past White Plains. Luckily our fellow Yelp users steered us in the right direction. I might have to make this a weekly destination, it's that good. Oh, and be prepared for huge spoonfuls of garlic on your pizza. They also have my favorite Hawaiian beer on tap. I haven't seen that in almost 3,000 miles!
My son and I saw the pork shank on the review and decided to try this restaurant. From the outside it looked like a bar, but once you walk in the place its divided into bar and the dinning side. It seems everyone there are regulars.   The food, the presentation of the appetizers and the entrees were good. Their pizza is a must try, crispy and tasty. The pork shank looks good, but it was dry. The price was a little high for the meal. I would go back again with friend to have a few drinks.
If you don't mind a dingy, old fashioned place with stadium-strength lighting and service that stinks if they don't know you, then this is the place for you. The food's not bad but we waited an hour and half for a table, then it took two hours to get served. And there's no parking. So be sure to watch the clock 24/7 or you'll be paying a White Plains ticket. 3 of dishes came out together, the 4th had to wait. The cajun shrimp pasta was good but there wasn't much shrimp just a lot of pasta. The other dishes were uneven. The salad was a waste of good greens. For that amount of time and effort you're better off going to the Cheescake Factory down the road where there IS parking, the food is uniformly excellent, the attitude is friendly and the service is spot on. Or drive down to Gedney Way where there are 2 excellent, charming restaurants to choose from and an abundance of parking. Some people say this is like Grandma's food, Maybe but this is not like everyone's Grandma.
I shall rate the pizza only. The other Sunday evening a friend and I were considering a pizza.  For us, Francescos is always worth the drive for a pick up.  Unfortunately, it was closed, as it always is on Sunday. This meant that for several days the both of us were thinking about this amazing pizza, disappointed that we could not easily be satisfied.  We had decided on a smaller national brand that was slightly burned and had much less flavor.   The next time, only Francescos would do. The sauce is savory.  There are no puddles of grease in the middle.  The crust is thin but not overcooked.   It is, for now, the best pizza in White Plains.  It is worth the pick up.  It is worth double parking your car and getting a ticket, if that should ever happen to you.   Yes, White Plains has a number of excellent pizza joints.  We are blessed with many solid places that serve superb pies.  But this remains the finest.
Francesco's is one of those local favorites that natives go to all of their life.  You don't go for decor or upscale atmosphere - you go for good service and incredible food.  Francesco (Frank) will cook you almost anything you want, but they do have a menu.  Every meal feels like it was carefully crafted in a skillet just for you - and it is!  Cajun Cream Chicken is my favorite.  Somewhat high entree prices, but worth every penny.  No reservations, but have a glass of wine in the bar which is always festive.  Highly recommended.
THESE REVIEWS HAVE MORE STARS THEN THE AMERICAN FLAG Scungilli salad came. Should of been called salad Scungilli. Where's the Conch! Mostly greens dressed with a lot of oil, but the lemon is on the side. So you squirt the lemon and attempt to mix, and your salad falls over the side of the dish. The Pizza, ordered pepperoni and garlic. Lots and Lots of chopped garlic, the problem is when garlic is chopped and put in oil, early in the day, maybe yesterday, it no longer maintain's a pleasant taste. I Like when I see the garlic in thin slice's on Pizza or Pasta, I know it was probably sliced more often. The Pepperoni, to many and way too oily. ( and I like oily pizza, maybe better quality pepperoni produce's less oil and cost more so less is put on the pie ) The Crust, much too dry. Service: great.         NOW YOU'VE HEARD THE REST OF THE STORY
Surprising, counter intuitive place. It looks like a hole in the wall that would serve burned grilled cheese from the outside. YET it has some of the best Italian in Westchester , especially for the price, you'll find in our fair county. The menu has no weak spot- pizza, veal chicken, pasta, seafood, it is all very, very good. The last time I was there I had fried shrimp and a side of spaghetti. We sat at the bar for lunch. Excellent. You can't catch them on a bad day. Very, very underrated in food chatter around here,  about the only foible is that they don't have a parking lot. Mangia.
A co-worker recently recommended this place when I had to stop by White Plains for the night. It was amazing! I love that it's a no-pretense, stuck in the 60's dive in appearance, but has high quality food. We ordered swordfish scampi style that was moist and succulent, with bits of garlic. Came with a generous side of broccoli with more bits of garlic. And we got another special from the board-- spinach fettuccine with mushrooms in a cream sauce.. All very well done for super affordable prices. Skip the chains and head to this gem that cares about serving good quality food.  Services was friendly and helpful/
A friend who grew up here recommended this place and it was exactly how he remembered it.  The food and service was excellent.  If you are in the mood for new & fancy schmancy interior design, then this is not the place for you, but I was looking for great food at a locally owned joint and this was spot on. Had a ceasar salad and the penne vodka scallops and both were excellent.  The owner was our waiter and he was great.  I ordered a local beer that I drank half of and didn't like and ordered a different beer.  I drank enough of the first that I expected to be charged for it, but was not charged for it.
My parents used to take my sister and I to Francesco's when we lived in New York, and we always loved it. My family lives in Orlando now, but whenever we visit NY and are in or near White Plains, we visit Francesco's. It's a must. The food is excellent (and, as some reviewers already pointed out, probably the best in White Plains, if not in all of Westchester County), the service is great and the prices are very reasonable. Every time I've been here, whether it was 20+ years ago or only a few years ago, I was treated wonderfully and always left not wanting to wait for my next visit. The family that owns the restaurant is very warm, considerate and personable. Don't miss Francesco's if you're in the area! Great for dinners & very family-friendly. There is a bar adjacent to the dining area if you need to wait for a table (likely, since this is a very popular establishment). You won't mind the wait, though ... it's worth it.
Located off a busy highway intersection near the heart of rustic White Plains, Francesco's is a fantastic Italian restaurant that is sure to please.   I went there a few nights ago with some friends and had a terrific time.  We ordered an antipasto, calamari, mozzarella  sticks, and anchovies.  The antipasto was okay and so were the sticks, but the calamari was fantastic . For dinner I ordered the muscles marinara and it was also great. The service was helpful and entertained by our desert antics. I would definitely go there again.
Just had dinner with a group from work. My co-worker knows the owners daughter but had never been there. So we all decided to go. Split a pizza cut in small slices for am appetizer. It was delicious. We had various different entrées and everyone enjoyed their meals. Nice family-owned spot that we will be back to for sure.
We  went there for dinner on July 24th while we were there we got some good italian bread and butter. and i got apple juice. It was good. I ordered pasta with tomato sauce. It was big. Then for dessert we got chocolate tortufo. Josh age 10
Easily the best Italian food around.  Francesco's is a no-frills old school Italian restaurant with great service and a menu full of delicious food.  Every dish that they make is worth trying, I've been there many times and have never been disappointed.  Frank, the owner and chef, will often come out of the kitchen and stop by every table to make sure everything is perfect. There's usually a wait to get a table, due to the limited seating, but you can always grab a drink at the bar, or even sit there and order.
Loved it here! Very down to earth Italian restaurant with friendly service and good food (and soooo much of it). It's a little pricier than what I expected just from looking at the outside, but the portions are generous. I'd rather pay those prices here than at a "trendy" Italian restaurant with mediocre food. Ambiance isn't so romantic, so I wouldn't try to wine and dine someone here... It was fairly small and there were mostly families or old folks when we went. Come hungry. We ordered a small portion of garlic bread, a chicken dish, a pasta dish, and dessert (for 2 people) and had dinner for 3 nights!
I went here last night and loved the food, which easily earned a five star rating. The decor, on the other hand,, not a five star. The pizza is thin crust, amazing sauce and by far the best pizza I've tasted in Westchester. The  baked ziti was perfectly cooked. My husband loved the spaghetti and meatballs. The winner was my daughter's dish - chicken and angel hair pasta in a superb Cajun sauce. I didn't taste the chicken but the pasta and sauce was incredible. The prices were very reasonable.  Plus the bar has Blue Moon on draft!! I'm an instant fan,and will definitely return.
Francesco's was killer. The pie with Fresh Mushrooms on it and meatballs.It  was to die for.The crust makes the pie. Unbeliveable When you live in Miami, Fl and you find a place like Francesco's it makes you want to come back every week for the pie. There is no pizza place that I have found it Miami that can touch Francesco's. Fokes if you love pizza this is a must try. 41 years of making pizza you have to be doing something right. I give it four stars for now until I try there main dishes.
I've eaten here a million times, it doesn't get any better than this. Authentic Italian food. I haven't met anyone that hasn't loved this place. The staff is great, the place is really laid back. A total dive that you know has been there forever and will never go out of business ...or they better not!!
Great restaurant. I loved the pepperoni pizza and side order of meatballs I had. My wife had veal chops and loved those. This is an older rustic setting like the mom and pop restaurants I love. You won't be disappointed.
This place looks like a total dive from the outside, but you'd be a fool not to try out the best Italian in White Plains.  The pizza is awesome.  While I make an attempt to try something every time, I keep coming back to my favorite dishes: chicken francese, linguine with clams, and sauteed spinach.  When in season you have to try the soft shell crab.  Frank and staff do a great job.  You'll leave feeling like you got over because the price is so reasonable.  Francesco's is a must.
This review is only for their pizza.  Very thin pizza with flavorful sauce and cheese.  I thought the crust was a little too hard though.  My hubbie and I finished the pie and were still a little hungry, maybe we just have huge appetites? :o)   I'd come back to try one of their pasta dishes since most the reviews say they are delish.
I wanted to give it 4 stars but the place needs a remodel or a simple rinsing off. It's pretty beat down and not very clean. So because the food was delicious but the ambiance was a disaster, it gets 3 stars. The fettuccine is the only pasta homemade which I found strange for an " old world Italian" restaurant. Maybe get it to go ...
Seriously impressed. Driving by, I never would have stopped. Thank you yelp for the reviews! The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. Service was fast and pizza was delicious.
Ever felt you rather be at a local family-run restaurant that let you relaxed over perfectly prepared food after a long week than paying some ridiculous $ for a mediocre meal at a "to-be-seen" restaurant?  You have arrived!  Try the scallop francese or any pizza.
I had a side salad and mini mushroom pizza.  When I ordered the side salad, the server asked if I wanted the house dressing.  I said "no, ranch please."  I got a salad with house dressing.  The pizza was overdone.  "Meh" is about right.
I have only had their Pizza, which is not delivered. I went in to the bar to pick it up and the atmosphere was classic down home Italian.  It would be a great location to film something set back 25 to 50 years. However, since I only have had the pizza I can only testify to excellent pies, thin crust, fresh mushrooms, and well above average meats. The service might seem sleepy if you are not a regular, but it might be something worth working up to. We waited at the door for sometime before anyone got to us, but perhaps once seated the service is excellent. To the point, the pizza was the best of the six places I have tried in White Plains.
The food is so consistently good at Francesco's.  Their thin pizza with sausage is the best around.  If this place was in Manhattan it would be famous.  Chicken, steak and shrimp combo with hot peppers over pasta is a must try dish.  Sauce for the mussels must eaten with a spoon.  You cannot find Italian food any better than this.  Frank the owner is sweetheart of a man.
Food is fine. Service is okay. The wait is ridiculous. Wait to get a table, wait to get food. An hour to get a plain pizza and a salad. Avoid this place.
Great food! Restaurant has been in the same place for over 40 years. They have definitely perfected the menu in that time.
Delicious local family cooking. Low-key, small and friendly atmosphere.
The food at Francesco's is outstanding, and Frank and his children/staff always make you feel welcome!  Some family fans of ours are the Scallops Francese, Penne Vodka, Meatballs, Pizza - everything is Yum!  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
Hands-down one of the best Italian restaurants in White Plains. Frank is been in business for over 40 years don't let the dive appearance fool you. This place is worthy of the TV show "Diners drive-ins and dives".  I'm surprised Guy hasn't shown up here yet. Fabulous eggplant Parmesan, best meatballs ever, fabulous baked pasta dishes and great thin crust pizza! And oh my goodness least I forget-- the best cheesy garlic bread ever; just be ready for heavy cheese and lots of calories and lots of garlic.  I am have been going to this restaurant for 40 years it has never failed to offer a great meal.
Classic Italian-American comfort food at its best. Saucey and cheesy just like Nonna's. I have been here several times with different groups of friends, always a good experience. Chicken parm is my fav. The old timely decor is kitschy, but they may need an update soon.
Amazing basic italian food.  Had mussels to start in white sauce (not the best i've ever had but mussels were huge and fresh, sauce wasn't my thing) Had salad with bleu cheese dressing and dressing was best I've had!  Chicken parm for dinner.  Two thin cutlets with tomato sauce and baked mozzerella and size of zita.  Out of this world! Boyfriend got seafood spoiler fra diablo.  I don't even like spicy food and I tried his and I LOVED IT.  Nice portion side.  Fresh to order.  Very homey and nice service.  We had a 15 min wait and sat at bar and went at 745 on a friday night.  Parking stinks but there is a municipal lot a few blocks down.  This is WP best kept secret for italian food! So glad we found and live only a few blocks away.  Next time trying the pizza!
