Fuego is a great place to get your coffee. This is not your regular starbucks is beyond that.
Visiting Rochester from San Francisco and in-the-know friends recommended Fuego.  It lived up to the endorsement.  Great espresso pulled on (what looks to be) a manual two group Victoria Arduino machine.  Bright, high-sugar shot, with chocolate and almond on the finish.  I didn't catch the origin.  Nice outdoor patio on a beautiful autumn day made for a lovely visit overall!
it doesn't get better than this and I've looked. chipotle mochas and cortados are the best.... or the toddy... or the latte... try it all...
Always a great opportunity to expand my knowledge and appreciation of coffee from all over the world. Every time I come to fuego there are a variety of coffees from all over the world that allow you to appreciate the coffee for what it is. Without ever having to ask, I am provided the origin of the bean, it's process and even which brew method I should try, to bring out a particular flavor profile. It's my regular place to run into familiar faces and carry on the best of conversations. I consider fuego to be one of the many reasons I love rochester. Honestly without fuego, I don't know If I would have ever began to love coffee the way I do today! Bravo Renee and Tony!
I went here just a bit ago with my boyfriend, and wow! I feel like I've never had proper coffee before. My boyfriend got a black coffee (from Mexico, I believe) and I got a latte. His coffee was surprisingly bright and had a wonderful flavor.  My latte was the best I've ever had; it was velvety and absolutely perfect.  I'm fairly certain that I'll never be able to truly enjoy "other" coffee ever again.
I'd give Fuego a five because most of their drinks are fives. The deduction comes from their limited hours. I wish they could be open in the evening but given their location, it must be pretty difficult to maintain hours. I hope they succeed, they are another feather in the Rochester coffee scene, which I think is pretty darn good and getting better and better. The customer services is good and the owners take time to talk to you. The location is cozy and intimate. The mocha is good and not too sweet. My personal choice is straight coffee and their Costa Rican is my favorite.
This place did not disappoint! My friend and I had a cappuccino and two different kinds of coffee and everything tasted amazing. Not only was the coffee delicious but it was brewed right in front of us. Tony's enthusiasm for what he does shows.  I am sure he explains the coffees and styles of brew all the time but he answered all our questions and was super knowledge. We totally wish we were locals so we could frequent the place more often!!!
A friend of mine has been recommending this place and since I still had time after eating lunch at Aunt Rosie's, I treated myself to an afternoon pick me up today. The barista on staff greeted me as soon as I walked in the door. I told him that I was new to Fuego and so he enthusiastically walked me through their coffee options. There were four to choose from, Burundi, Costa Rican, El Salvador, and one other I can't remember. The barista showed and explained each of the options and even let me smell them. I chose the Costa Rican and the he proceeded to measure the beans, grind the beans, and then press the coffee right there on the spot! Apparently, they make each coffee to order for optimal freshness. The coffee was some of the best I've had. I drank it black, no cream, no sugar and it was excellent. Today, I was able to try something new and delicious, I learned some new things about coffee, and Overall, I had a great experience and will definitely be coming back. Next time I go, I'll be picking up a bag of coffee to brew at home.
This place is a total hidden gem. The girl who made my cappuccino was so sweet, and the rest of the staff seem fun and chill. No pretension. No attitude. Every drink (that I saw made) was made by hand, one at a time. Prices are totally reasonable. They get croissants fresh from the public market, at least on Saturdays, anyway. I'm planning on making this my new place to hang out, relax, and unwind. Make it a point to get down here and experience a coffee shop with personality -- that ISN'T packed with students, idiots, or hipsters.
I'm officially in with the small/craft roasting situation that's creeping up in ROC these days. I had my first sip of the roast from Fuego yesterday and it's just so tasty. Unfortunately, now I'm jaded and can't enjoy my cheap home brew from my generic coffee pot anymore. The care they put in the roasting process makes a difference in the flavor profile, and of course, when you love what you do that's reflected back into the product you're providing customers. I sat at the bar, which is pretty much the only seating area plus a couple benches in the front of the quaint cafe. They do their roasting in the back and whip up some simple drinks up front. I opted for a cappuccino and was buzzing from the refreshing flavor of the espresso, which had zero bitterness. If I wasn't at risk for a heart attack I would drink these caffeinated bevs all day and night. It was mid-morning and things were slow-ish at the shop so I got a chance to talk to Tony, who is legit the nicest person. He was friendly, engaging, and up to sharing his coffee brewing secrets. It's cool to hear about the experimental process that goes along with small batch roasting. Also, the latte art throwdowns sound like the most badass (without actually being badass) events. That's the kind of underground experience I can jive with because I'm so far from being hardcore - I'm the antithesis of hardcore. Anyway, I will be checking out one of those events in the future. Tony also gave us a taste of the toddy -- it had a chocolate-y finish and was smooth. Again, another coffee brew that could be consumed sans cream. Everything about this place oozes cool. I wish I had taken notes because there's so much to learn. I'll leave it to the pros.
truly the best sometimes I dream of their rich coffee when I'm stuck with only a Starbucks
Was here for peter d's wedding (of brooklyn yelp fame) and noticed this place had particularly great reviews. We took a 15 minute walk from our hotel to find fuego and were so pleased we did. We had a delicious latte, refreshing iced coffee and sparkling conversation with one of the owners. Highly recommend!
They use Aeropress coffee makers to brew individual cups which is very impressive and makes an phenomenal cup of coffee.  Their coffee selection is topshelf as well.  Don't come here if you are looking for a super sweet frappe...only come if you want a true coffee experience.
Their french quarter is the best iced coffee I ever had! We spent a good while chatting with the owner who was super friendly and knowledgable about their coffee and not at all snobby about it. She was telling us about how they traveled to Puerto Rico to meet the farmers who grow the beans. Really great spot! Could use a little more space to spread out but the coffee is amazing!
After our routine visit to the Public Market last Saturday morning, we changed things up and headed off to the new coffee roaster on the block instead of our normal Joe Bean hangout. I had heard about Fuego Coffee from owner Tony Colon's victory in the most recent Latte Art Throwdown hosted by Joe Bean at the Smoke Stack Cowork. Unfortunately I couldn't attend that event, but his win piqued my interest. Once I saw they were open in the City paper last week, I had to stop by and see how they were doing. The outside of the building is easily identifiable with a bright orange and green coffee themed paint job that encompassses their entire storefront and made us like their style right off the bat. The interior is sparse and warehouse like and surprisingly cozy due to the relatively small size of the bar area. We were the first patrons of the day and ordered up an Aeropress for me and a cappuccino for my fiancée. They had four coffees available that day and I decided on the Kenyan Peaberry after an appealing description from Tony and that it was just aged enough to serve. My cup was acidic forward (the grapefruit notes they described), very clean and pleasant through the Aeropress. I'm a big fan of the device and use it at home for my coffee since it can turn out solid coffee fairly easily. For now they are doing their manual serving with that method and will be getting their advanced Alpha Dominche Steampunk coffee machine relatively soon. According to the crew it will be able to perform a number of different brew styles in under 60 seconds per cup with completely programmable variables to allow for full control. This is a relatively new machine and the first one in Rochester so I'm very eager to see what they can do with this awesome technology. My fiancee described her cappuccino as smooth, strong, very pretty and she enjoyed it a great deal. It was also really nice to get some face time with Tony and his wife (don't recall her name) and we has some good conversation about coffee and the Rochester food scene as well. We enjoyed our time at Fuego and will definitely be back soon!
I went for the grand opening and was quite impressed. The owners are friendly and enthusiastic as well as very knowledgeable with out being intimidating. When I was asked if I noticed certain nuances in the coffee I did not feel like it was an exam, nor did I feel like a looser for adding cream and sugar to my coffee. The Guatemalan I sampled was very good, as was the Kenya Peaberry. I bought a bag of each, as well as the Sumatra, So far I am definitely enjoying them using our French press. They also had Rohrbach's root beer- yum. I tried the iced coffee, which was cold brewed for 24 hours and was amazing! The flavor was bold, and held up well with the ice, not to mention the cream and sugar I inflicted on it. I also tried the New Orleans stile Iced coffee with chicory and agave nectar, I was not a fan, but I seemed to be in the minority since every one else was raving about it. If you like chicory this stile, this is apparently an excellent one. If you are looking for a good cup of coffee, or a bag of beans, stop by and try it, I don't think you will be disappointed.
French Quarter.  Mmmmmm.....
The accolades are well deserved at this small coffee house. We arrived just as they were opening this morning and were treated to excellent coffee brewed by the competent and helpful Tony. Both hubby and I drink decaf, a fact which is sometimes greeted with derision and scorn by some baristas, ( I have a lively heart murmur, which does not present me with any serious health issues, but can be uncomfortable on caffeine. My type A husband simply doesn't need stimulants), but not here. Tony listed the several ways we could have our brew, and we chose a pour over. While we waited, Tony chatted amiably with us and made some local restaurant suggestions. He's clearly knowledgable about coffee and likes to share that with customers. I appreciate a coffee house where coffee is the true focus and the staff is skilled at what they do and cares...both qualities are present here. Very cool place with a nice vibe and great coffee.
I was really impressed with the quality of the offerings here. We had their cold brew iced coffee which was super flavorful and delicious with many different nuances. Also picked up an assortment of their roasted beans, which we are enjoying at home...I particularly like the Kenyan Peaberry. Super nice and enthusiastic owners, with a true passion for their craft.  Its great to see...and yay for locally owned small business too! I see a lot of enterprising spirit in Rochester that one does not always see in larger cities. I am definitely interested to see what develops at Fuego down the road.
Yummy Toddy! Great rich taste, friendly awesome staff. Definitely give it a go if you are a coffee snob.
Absolutely love this place. The owners are hardworking and sweet, as well as super helpful. You tell them what you like, they tell you what to buy. For fresh, in-house, DELICIOUS roasts like these, I would imagine paying twice or three times as much for the quality. I didn't know how much I liked coffee before I came here!!!
Taking coffee flavor to the next level! It was an educational experience sampling the different brew methods. Great people! Great little location.
The best coffee in Rochester, hands down. The coffee is roasted on site by Tony and Renee, who are connoisseurs.
I've been meaning to review this place ever since I stopped in about a month ago but kept forgetting (I don't often feel prompted to write reviews- this is only my 3rd one!) but Fuego coffee was AMAZING!  I love checking out local coffee spots whenever I'm visiting a new area and thanks to all of their other well-deserved 5 star reviews, Yelp led me to Fuego.  The person working (cannot recall his name) was extremely helpful and after I told him what kind of coffees I like, suggested some sort of delicious coffee made with chicory, a little agave and milk- again, can't remember the specifics but it was so delicious.  I often find myself craving this exact coffee and I will absolutely be back next time I'm in Rochester.  The person who helped us was very knowledgeable about coffee, he even asked about a new coffee spot in Boston and if we had been (it's actually one of my favorite coffee places, so he knows his stuff)  Overall, I definitely recommend stopping by Fuego for a great cup of coffee right away!
Ever have a desire to discover what all the hype is about that perfect cup of coffee? Do the Aeropress or Chemex intrigue you? Have you heard about coffee undertones like fruity, nutty, chocolaty? Well this is the place to go to learn about all of this and more while enjoying the perfect cup of coffee. Along with excellent customer service, a great atmosphere, and people committed to the goal of unpretentiously broadening anyone's horizon to the amazing potential of coffee, their prices are a bargain! At the top of my list for best cup of coffee and latte I've ever had, and forever on my list of must go places every time I'm in Rochester. And a thank you to yelp for pointing me there!!
Fuego is hands-down the best coffeehouse in the entire Rochester metro region. There is little food and a sparse industrial ambiance. The focus here is coffee plain and simple. Fuego roasts its own and offers different flavor profiles and different brewing methods such as Chemex, French Press, AeroPress, and pour-over. Owner/barista Tony is a walking encyclopedia of all things coffee and a great guy to talk to. I love coming here.
This is REAL coffee!, just a garage,California-style( aka BBottle), but barista-owner, Tony Colon, knows what he's doing...with perfection. If you are "picky" about your coffee, (as I am) Fuego will not disappoint. Even if cappuccino is not your choice of ""brew", order it anyways. Presentation says it all!
I went yesterday and then again today to this new little coffee shop near the harro east and abilene, which is a neighborhood that a) has a lot of potential and b) will really benefit from having fuego.  I've been to fuego twice. I got a large toddy (cold brew coffee) each time and couldn't have been more pleased.  The first day it was with sumatra and the second day it was with mexican chiapas (I think...).  On the first day it reminded me of the new orleans coffee from blue bottle. Today it didn't, but was still really good. The guy co-owner made my drink and chatted with me on both visits and was a delight to talk to.  He seems eager to improve and for feedback from customers and yet knows a lot about coffee without being snooty in the slightest.  I plan to stop in for coffee and sit at the bar at fuego on a regular basis and can't wait for the additions they are planning even just in time for the grand opening.
