This place should be on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives.  It really is old and rundown and the atmosphere brings in some less desirable types for sure.  Even so, there food is great and their prices are cheap.  You wonder why folks with little money to spend on eating out go here. We always go here for the cheeseburger Sloppy plate, a way better and less expensive version of Nick Tahou's.  Skip Tahou's and go to Marks.  This place is packed late night with drunken college types, so just be ready for that.  Very extensive menu and they serve breakfast all the time.
If there's one thing you're going to regret doing after several hours of bar-hopping, it isn't going to be making a stop at Mark's. Servers are nice and will often partake in jokes with you and your friends, the food is prepared quickly and is always delicious (chicken finger garbage plate, anyone?), and you can't beat that quirky atmosphere filled with all different types of people. Mark's is a great place to grab a bite you may not remember the next day and giggle about the half-naked, sloshed girl hanging out by door.
Marks has become the best diner in the area. Just don't go there after 1am as it is packed and considerably sketchy.
As far as the garbage plates are concerned, this place is just fantastic. Definitely the best garbage plate in Rochester. and the fact that it's near every freakin' bar?! added perfection. I can honestly say that I've never tried anything else on their menu, because there's really no need to.
I'd go here over Tahou's any day of the week(end), without hesitation.  The wait staff are no-bullshit, but understanding if you customize your plate.  This place is where the party goes when the bars close, it's great, don't let anyone tell you otherwise!
What is the best time of day to consume a grilled cheese and tomato sandwich?  11am?  2pm?  7pm?  midnight?  3am?  ANY AND ALL OF THE ABOVE.  Nothing makes me miss Rochester like thinking about greasy all-night diners.  Mmmmm, homefries.
I loved this place as a teenager for their fabulous diner food. Incredible vanilla milkshakes, french fries, sandwiches - all at completely reasonable prices.  I have been living far away from Rochester for the past 15 years but every time I'm in town, I make it a point to come here. Tonight, a friend and I went in for late night breakfast. The place wasn't packed but our server did have other tables. Even so, she had water for us before we sat down, soda before I could wash my hands, our side of fries appetizer before my friend could do the same and we only got 4 delicious french fries in our mouths before our meals arrived. Our server checked back to make sure everything was okay and more or less let us be. This is quite possibly my favorite diner in the entire world and I'm thrilled that they keep continuing to do everything that made them great when I was a kid.
I guess it depends what you're looking for.  The menu here is really no different from Gitsi's, whose flame they stole as Rochester's Punk-Rock Grubspot some years ago, except that it's a little cheaper.  The waitresses here are prone to have blue or green hair and more piercings per square inch than Jane's Addiction...boy, I just dated myself there, didn't I?  Anyway, this place was fun for ultra-late-night chow of the cheap, greasy variety back when I was in my mid-20s and used to rehearse late and sleep in late, but I can't say I personally have much desire to eat here anymore.  I think I can safely hand on the "cheeseburger, fries, and shake at 3am" torch to the next generation of young rock loonies now.  Like I say, it depends entirely on what you have in mind...
While driving through NY stopped here to eat from a friend's recommendation; he went to college nearby. I was not disappointed. It was my first time eating a garbage plate. Very good! I could see why a college student would love the place. Cheap diner that is open late.
I have to be honest...this place is just middle of the road at best.  The only reason I ate here so much (and I mean 40+ times) was it's proximity to all the local bars....and of course their version of the garbage plate.  Other than that.....it's barley average.  Decent eats and a rowdy crew after 1am.
This is a place you go between 1am & 3am.  Great sloppy plate. CHEAP.  Its either the crowd or security guard with a bullet proof vest that is intimidating, I cant tell.  Either way after a few drinks you wont even notice.  Highly recommend for drunk food
Best garbage plates + milkshakes in Rochester.  Friendly wait staff.  Able to accommodate large crowds.
Great Breakfast!   Cheap too!  The spinach and feta omelet is huge and tasted great!  Chocolate milk was milked down.  The only downfall is finding parking on the busy street.
This diner is uber-sketchy, but it has the best garbage-- erm... sloppy plates in town.
It's after 2am. It's a weekday. You just left one of the 8342 bars on Monroe or Park Ave. You're drunk. And this is where divergence occurs. Some of us would rather go home, nibble on something healthy, drink a vitamin water, and get to bed as quickly as possible. For those people, this would be a 1-star review. But for those of us who wish to pursue a greasy carbo-load in the middle of the night for no other reason than the fact than "it's time for this"... well, you have to judge things for what they are. And for what it is, Mark's gets 5 stars. I often get too caught up comparing Rochester to Boston. It's something I probably need to let go of, and will probably even out over time. But I have to say... in this department, we are spoiled in Rochester. Boston's bars close too damn early, most people can't get home from the best bars without a taxi, and finding food at such an hour is an exercise in futility. But Rochester? pfff... those concerns aren't even on the radar. We can walk to our bars, know that they won't close 'til a sensible hour, and stumble out towards the direction of this city's gem stone: the plate. The place is kinda clean, but not too clean. The service is nice and quick, but they also act like real people and will have a laugh with you. A sketchy looking dude with a trench coat and thick glasses walks into the building and briskly rushes into the bathroom, where he spends a suspiciously long amount of time. Q: What could he be doing in there at 2:30am that's taken 25 minutes thus far? A: Nobody gives a shit, because a pile of food was just set down right under our noses. If you find that you're unable to follow this line of thinking, then I suggest you go straight home from the bar. And that's not to say that you can't do either of these things depending on the evening. Sometimes it's just not a night for Mark's, even if you're usually okay listening to people argue in Spanish on the sidewalk while you watch through the window and shovel 7 different kinds of food into your mouth in 1 bite. The point is: it's there. A 24/7 slop trough. Does it NEED to be sketchy? YES! At 2:30 in the goddamn morning?! Are you kidding me?! It wouldn't be the same without it! My father has told me stories of sketchy nights at Nick Tahou's in the late 70's - early 80's. Places like Mark's and the vibe they adopt in the wee hours are a part of this city's identity, and it's been that way for well over a generation now. OH! And the food was good. I think. I mean it looked great in my pictures, right? Yeah. Delicious. We'll go with that.
A rochester staple. What would we do without you marks Texas hots! Rochester is seriously lacking in 24 hour places, so this is a godsend. The waitresses always have too much on their plates and sometimes I feel bad for them having to deal with the annoying drunk costumers. The food here is ok, I always get the omelets or the turkey sandwich au jus. Made the mistake of getting the baklava one time, I recommend sticking to the diner basics. All in all a great late night eatery
So many visits, so little memory. ...just kidding... I'd rather have a garbage plate than a Big Mac. Sometimes I even like garbage plates when I'm sober. But, usually when I go to Mark's there's been beer involved in the night's activities and I've never been here before midnight. Ever. The staff here are powerhouses. You're in and out in no time. Quick and dirty. Snappy service... not to be mistaken with snippy -- the servers I've interacted are usually quite chipper considering the clientele (mostly drunk college kids and other Rochesterians wandering Monroe Ave). The makings of Mark's plate or should I say how I prefer my plate: - Crispy, golden crinkle fries. Check. - Mac salad popping with flava. Check. - Mustard and onions. Check. - Cheeseburgers patties that taste good despite being cooked all the way through. Check. - Piping hot and sure to prevent a hangover. Check. It's a staple and will be my first choice whenever in the area.
I was craving junk food at 1 am and my favorite Friendly's was closed. Fired up Yelp and searched for "open" diners. Found this place which apparently is open 24/7 (didn't know a 24/7 place existed in Roch) Located on Monroe it is surrounded by multiple bars and other businesses. I found street parking in front of the diner. On a Thursday night at 1 am the street was filled with mostly drunk old guys or college kids. The diner itself is an old small-ish diner with no attention to decor/ambiance which is fine. It's that type of a diner. It was filled with people I wouldn't really want to hang out with if you know what I mean. Mostly the drunk lot. It is clearly a hit place for post alcohol food and being open all night helps. Decent sized menu. I got the mini sloppy plate with cheeseburger over macaroni salad and french fries with everything on top. We also ordered home fries and a chocolate peanut butter milk shake. My sloppy/garbage plate was pretty good. All the different ingredients tasted good which makes a good plate. Still not as good as my favorite (Wimpy's) but comes close. The home fries were good too. The milk shake was very rich (made with ice cream) and heavy and had a good taste. I am not big on chocolate however. I quite enjoyed the food overall actually. The waitress was a bit sassy but that just fit with the overall theme of the place. She was attentive and food came quick. A bit over attentive at times however (told us she can't help it because she's a mom after the 5th time she checked on us to ask if we needed anything). The restroom was a nightmare. Though supplies were adequate it was small and dirty. Someone had puked in the sink and I had to wash my hands in there. *Cringe* I'd give the food a 4 out of 5 overall as well as the service but the diner and crowd deserves a 2. I can imagine how loud sketchy and annoying this place could get on weekends in the early morning. Go for the food only. Avoid if you can't handle inebriation. I will probably be back to explore their menu in the future but will make sure I void my bladder/bowel before going so I don't need the restroom.
I didn't know "skid row" came in the shape of a rectangle, with tables and chairs inside.... Mark's is a small coffee shop-type establishment. Vast menu, good prices, speedy service. I got a sloppy plate which I was pleased with. They also offer 1/2 sized plates, for those who want a plate but can't eat all that a normal sized plate has to offer. Nice touch, Mark's. The crowd seemed a little questionable, but I don't expect to eat a trash plate among kings, ever, so I am totally a-ok with Mark's.
The only place that can rival Nick's for a plate.  But this place obviously has what Nick's doesn't - somewhere to sit without getting crabs.  Been a long time since I was in the neighborhood, but having lived up the street, this was my go to place.
There are garbage plate places poppin up all over the place, but Marks is a no frills original. This is a staple in the Monro Ave bar scene. FYI open late & parking in the back.
The hours of 2am and 4am on a Thursday-Saturday night are the most fun that you'll ever have in a diner. Things I've seen at Mark's Texas Hots: a stabbing a fistfight large people in small clothes small people in no clothes puke on the floor puke on the mop a bouncer garbage plates gang signs some things I don't remember This is a great place to go after you've blacked out and can't make proper decisions!
I think I wasted the hours between 2-4am of my life for several years at Mark's. Sometimes I'd remember what I actually got, sometimes I didn't. Ok, maybe I'm exaggerating a bit (uh maybe not), but there ARE some seriously fond and hilarious memories of this place. The staff are hopelessly patient and tolerant of complete nonsense, and the food is good. It's actually GOOD! And yes, I've eaten there sober before. No, not good in the organic-lovingly prepared-wholesome kind of way. Good in the I-need-something-delicious-and-greasy-to-soak-up-­the-alcohol-and-ebb-my-future-hangover kind of way. A Rochester institution full of character (and characterS) not to be missed.
Late night greasy spoon diner, home of the best "garbage plate" in town, which consists of macaroni, cheeseburger patties, and toast (used for mopping up the leftover juices). Come hungry, leave stuffed.  I dare you to eat it all. Great for hungry, lazy college students on a budget. If you're sober, come early.  Avoid the bar crowd. Don't expect friendly service, because they often have to deal with obnoxious customers.  However, they are quick with the orders, and deserve decent tips.
I used to work at a bar in Rochester and every night after we closed up I would swing by Mark's Texas Hots and order their cheeseburger garbage plate.  It is the perfect combination of foods... simply unparalleled.  Get one after a night at the bars, and voila... you can have leftovers for breakfast. The late night crowd is diverse and boisterous, but the waitresses are efficient and friendly.  Though some people may cringe whenever this is said, Mark's garbage plate is a culinary staple of Rochester; everyone should experience one. Avoid the customer bathroom though, yikes.
I can't think about this place without flashbacks of utter debauchery. It can get super-sketch late night but it IS the quintessential Rochester Diner. The staff is efficient and  friendly, I fondly remember them hooking my coffee up with a straw one late-late night, nearly gone from my memory ;) Words that come to mind when thinking of Mark's late night.... garbage plates, french toast, endless coffee, criminal bouncers, pie, thugs, misfits, partially clothed ladies from da clubs, chocolate peanut butter milkshakes, loud drunks, cigarettes, and frost bite. Go here late at night after the bars let out, you're in for a treat, if you survive it, exercise your street smarts and keep your peeps open, safety in numbers, and all those other things your mother used to tell you.
Great place for late-night grub after you've hit the bars! I once made this mistake of coming on a sober-stomach and boy was it an eye-opening experience. (I'll leave it at that.) Hands down, still the best mac salad in town - but only go there after a night out.
Ok, so here we are craving some junk, diner food. But it's Friday evening and we had no idea where to go.... when we stumbled upon Marks. Wait staff, excellent. Food comes to you quick and the waitress knew the menu by heart. I love these little "hole in the wall diners" but I haven't found a good one in Rochester..... until now. The food was so good. It's like your grandmomma is in the kitchen cooking while you wait. I recommend ordering your fries extra crispy, YUM. The garbage plate was so good, I have been craving it since we left. The grilled cheese is to die for. I can't say enough about this place, it's a great little diner for good CHEAP food. And we know we all want good CHEAP food. My only complaint is the bathroom, ugh. Pee before you go:)
Mark's is a nice place to get a plate, but it isn't the best hots place in town, or even on Monroe Ave. Sometimes I think the hot sauce tastes like dog food, not that I've ever eaten dog food. I guess it is just an educated guess.
