A great wine bar, a true gem.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, the wines are not those you will see all over town.  They work hard to make their wine list unique and interesting.  The vibe is great, a perfect place to go for an evening or to pop in before or after dinner.  Go there.  Do it.  Do it now!
You walk in and no one greets you. Not a huge deal, but for first timers we had no idea to go straight to the bar. Second, the hostess/bar tender wasn't very friendly or helpful. The oddest thing, and I say this because I'm familiar with all of Rochester wine bars, is that you seat yourself. If you need help you have to ask for it. Not once in our hour long visit did anyone come to us and ask how we were doing. Now, we ordered a bottle and the cheese platter. The cheeses were great as was the wine. However, they give very little bread and no refills. Again, strange compared to every other Rochester wine bar. The competition is tough, and I just don't see this place surviving much longer.
Location is good.  Parking is terrible.  Wine selection is great.  Bartenders are OK...a bit snooty.  In the South Wedge I have expectations of laid back, positive people who want to have a good time.  No pompous attitudes. Went for the Solera Anniversary so expectations were even higher that everyone would be in a great mood, ESPECIALLY the celebrating staff!  I was very disappointed in the bartender.  Next visit here will be to walk in and up the stairs to Cheshire...no service to Solera.  Bartenders upstairs were fantastic!
Ok, so maybe I was bit harsh in my older review from 2010 (even though it was 4 stars).  It must have been one of those (few and far between) moments that I was terribly full of myself.  In today's world (after having a couple of kids join my universe), I hope I am less of a snob, and for those few moments I get out of the house, I only want the best experiences to treasure. I do find myself in Solera more often than many other places when going out for a drink.  I love almost everything about it, the atmosphere is great and it has been one of the anchors for the South Wedge's revival.  The wine selection is very good, and the past couple of bartenders have been spot on with their recommendations. I would easily give Solera 5 stars, but I have to ding it for the "traffic" through to Cheshire (the cocktail bar that is upstairs).  Granted, I love love Cheshire too, but sometimes the overflow and traffic from the cocktail bar is a detriment to the experience I enjoy in the wine bar.
Solera curates a killer list of wines -- every bottle we got was a great choice.  I especially recommend the Torcidas 2011 Malbec -- delicious!   We went to Solera for my sister's birthday and split four bottles between the 8 of us.  The wines in the front of the menu are $28 - $32 / bottle; the reserve list has a wide range.  Our one beer drinker was a little disappointed in the short beer list, but he was DD anyway, so it wasn't a big deal. Downstairs, it's wine and beer only; upstairs, I'm told they have a full bar.  When we arrived at around 9 on a Friday, there were three couples there, and each was sitting at a table that could accommodate a group (leaving us with nowhere to go!).  Luckily for us, one nice fellow noticed our conundrum and offered to switch to a smaller table. The one real problem we had was -- how do you tip?  The bartender literally opened 4 bottles of wine for us and handed over glasses, so a $35 dollar tip (20% of the bill) seemed way out of proportion to the service we received.  I'm not a skimpy tipper, so I looked it up online, which was no help (the consensus from forums was literally "there's no right answer, but if it's someplace you frequent often, make it 20% -- and expect to receive EXCELLENT and attentive service.").  We settled on $10 or $15 bucks, but I'd love some advice for next time!
I frequent Solera quite often, but to be honest, it's usually to pass through and make my way up the stairs to Cheshire, their cocktail bar. Sometimes I'll bring my drink back downstairs if it's too crowded on the second floor. But Solera seems to have solid offerings of its own. However, I'm not a big wine drinker so I can't talk too much specifics. Some I've really enjoyed, but several I haven't. I also haven't received the best service from the bartenders. The cheese plates are good and pair nicely with the wines. Also I enjoy the quiet, dim, cozy atmosphere.
Yay! Solera is a gem. Beautiful chandelier. High ceilings. Rich red on the walls. Not much seating, but that's part of the charm. However, if you are in a party larger than 4, there are only 2 places for you to sit in there. Wine list by the glass is small (7-8 choices) but cover all the bases- white, red, dessert, sparkling, and rose. Glasses are around $6-8. There is a more expansive bottle list. For food, they have an olive oil flight $7, charcuterie AKA prepared meats ("That's charcuterie? I've been avoiding that on menus for years! They're killing themselves with that name.") $10 and a cheese plate $10. When I was there, they only had one bartender (no table service) but he was busting some ass to make it happen. I loved that I went on a Friday when bars and clubs when overflowing... Solera was full but wasn't slammed. I loved being able to sit, talk and drink good wine!
I love this place.  From their great selection of ever changing wines to their cheese plates of which I could have two and be happy calling that a meal.  A wonderful addittion to the South Wedge.  And although I've been a half dozen times over the years (we like to meet others there before going out to dinner elsewhere), I am sorry to report that I haven't made it upstairs to try some of the prohibition style cocktails in their speakeasy.  Maybe next time.  Or maybe we could find someoene to review that aspect alone.  I don't see any reviews to that effect. I am, however, somewhat inclined to agree with Reagan B. about the staff.  They and the owners are awkward.  They do a great job in conversing with their friends, but they don't know truly how to treat patrons.  I like it inspite of itself because I know what I want and don't need the recommendations.  Although I flipped my reviews giving Solera a higher rate than Flight, if I was uninformed about wine and wanted some good advice, I would take Reagan's recommendation and go to Flight instead.  But the ambience there is all chrome and leather.  Here it's seedy and I like that as well.  So get with it staff.  Learn that you have to talk to everyone, not just your half dozen friends who crowd the bar!
You can never have too much wine. Well, maybe you can, but you can never have too many wine bars. I love the variety our little city offers and Solera is one on the top of my list. It's a quaint spot, very rich looking with all that dark wood. "I have many leather-bound books and my apartment smells of rich mahogany." ...I think that every time I walk into Solera. It's reminiscent of an fancy study where you'd smoke cigars and read important books, while also feeling quite romantic and intimate. I tend to come here on "off" nights, unintentionally, so I've never had any issues getting a table. They have a wonderful selection of wines, so many I wonder how the bartenders stay informed. I might add, they are the most intelligent bartenders. I am always blown away by their ability to speak to the quality of the wine without a second guess. I often ask for recommendations to try something new. I'm a dry wine lover and I've enjoyed a glass or two of the Domaine de Pouy Ugni Blanc ($6) - dry and crisp white - along with the Kermit Lynch Cotes du Rhone ($8), which is a tasty blend with hints of pepper. The cheese and charcuterie boards are also a must when coming here (3 choices for each, both $10). Love the addition of the assorted olives if ordering the meats. The bread is so delicious and once I tried the olive oil flight. I was shocked at the differences between the 3 offered. There really is noticeable flavor change in Spanish vs. Italian vs. Greek olive oil. I will definitely order that again.
Solera is a nice place to grab a glass of wine with your friends or to end a date.  It's beautiful inside, all dark wood and intimate tables and the wine selection is wonderful.  I really like the romantic atmosphere. There is also outdoor seating for warm summer nights, which I love.  The bartenders are friendly and knowledgable and I'm always happy with my selection.   They also offer a delicious cheese plate to go with your wine, and that always makes me happy.  It's also a nice stop on your way upstairs to Cheshire if you're feeling more like a cocktail than a merlot.  It's definitely a South Wedge staple!
Had a lot of fun here last night.  It was very crowded so we had to wait a bit for tables.  It's a tiny wine bar and I think they're expanding it in a few months.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere.  We ordered the cheese plates.  The choices were delicious.  The wine was excellent also.   Would definitley recommend this place for a fun evening.
As more of a beer guy than a wine guy (I do like wine, just not all that knowledgeable about it, on the other hand, I am a full fledged member of the Beer Geek Crew), I find Solera very comfortable and unpretentious.  I love the fact that this place in not full of wine snobs like some other wine bars in town.  The staff is knowledgeable and has never led me astray in their suggestions or descriptions of the wines, and I've asked about everything from Cabernet Sauvignons to Rieslings.  They have some pretty decent beers available for those in your party who would rather partake in beer than wine.  It is nice to see they appreciate good beer as well as good wine.  Beer snobs and wine snobs need to realize that the arguments between the groups as to which is "better" is just as pathetic as a bunch of nerds arguing about D & D versus Magic the Gathering or something... To my uneducated eye, the wine list is very good, and covers both styles and price ranges well.  Glasses run $6 to $9, while bottles range from $24 to $200. Solera is usually very low key and quiet, even on weekends.  However, it is a relatively small place, so it can fill up quickly, and it has very limited space for large groups. Street parking only, but it is usually not that difficult to find a spot in the area. The charcuterie and cheese boards are decent to snack on wine drinking and conversing with friends, but if you want a full meal, you will have to go elsewhere.  The cheese selections are always interesting, and the server always takes a moment to give you a run down of the cheeses and what to expect from each, which is appreciated, as totally against my will I seem to be a budding curd nerd.
This place is too darn cute! Loved the wine selection and the service was awesome! Immediatly, you fit in with the regulars and it feels like the place has a lot of history. Can't wait to go back.
Solera is a refreshing new establishment in the southwedge. Rochester has not yet experienced a place a such. Reasonable, wide variety of wine's from all over (rotating list), bottled beer, bread sticks, and classy music. this place has something for everyone. intimate and real. from hipster to soccer mom-everyone's smiling. shit, that got cheesy.
Solera is my favorite wine bar in Rochester. I started to like wine and discovered my favorite wine, Syrah, here. I tried Chateau Muscat 'Cuvée Jeune Cinsault/Syrah this time! It's great! I have been trying different kinds of Syrah every time I came here. That's the good thing about this bar. It changes its menu often, probably every two weeks. So every time you get to try different kinds of wine. Bartenders are knowledgable about wine and have patience to sample wine for you.
Courteous staff, comfortable couches and subdued background music. Interior seemed about one or two lights shy of being well lit, so I don't know if this place quite reaches the coolness it's striving for without sacrificing some functionality (e.g., parties larger than 6 are cramped because the tables are not crowd-friendly). Good for a pre-dinner drink for the 25-35 year old crowd, but definitely not where I would go if I had plans of staying put for more than 60 minutes.
Stopped there last night about 6 with my favorite daughter for our last hurrah in Roch.  cozy -casual -  great list of wine - tried new 'to me' wine by glass - bottles and halves avail.  They offer simple but yummy bread and  cheese board or meat board - Abby is a carnivore -  LOVES prosciutto etc..- not me -  asked if it could be mixed and of course -nice!!  $10.  Nice atmosphere to catch up and relax only problem - the woman that served was expecting any minute and looked WAY too beautiful  for being pregnant.
Great ambiance, knowledgeable bar tenders, beautiful exposed brick and an ever-changing selection of wine.
Not crazy about this place. It's a good location, apps are yummy and wine is good but the staff is awkward and it makes it uncomfortable. I've been here three times and without fail I'm underwhelmed. I would drive a little further and go to Flight wine bar at Corn Hill instead. Their staff is knowledgable and friendly.
Nice, cozy place, with intimate atmosphere , tall ceilings, in a interesting funky but not dangerous neighborhood. Good selection of Wine for $ 5-9 a glass and a lot of them for $20 a bottle, some beer and gourmet food. Great place for a date or just to sit and enjoy wine without having to yell at each other over loud music. A civilized place to drink-also John the owner is a great guy and very welcoming . In short  it is a big change from the usual Rochester bar scene!
Great place, reasonable prices, polite and knowledgeable staff, and in the quickly changing (for the better) South Wedge neighborhood.  My friend and I also got the cheese platter, which was quite nice and appropriately priced at $10.  There could be a couple more snack/food type items on the menu, or some desserts that would round out the place a bit more (and get them 5 stars from me).  But what it has now is worthy of 4 stars, and definitely worth going with a couple friends, a date, and enjoying  the relaxing (not loud and crazy) atmosphere.
A great little spot. It's dark and intimate. The small space is great for a small group or a couple that wants to snuggle but it can get a little loud on Friday and Saturday nights. The servers are knowledgeable and unpretentious--when I give some vague description of things I like and an absurdly low price range, they graciously treat me as if I'm discerning. Tonight we ordered the flight of olive oils and the server forgot about it. However, we reminded Rob about 20 min later and he comped it without us asking or even having to communicate disappointment. One of our party wanted to drink hot water and they tried hard to arrange it, even though they don't keep the means to generate it around, eventually bringing her a glass warm enough for her tastes. Finally, the olive oil flight is very delicious as were the house made truffles.
Love this place - cozy, friendly, non-pretentious. A fine place to enjoy a good glass of wine.  Solera is the perfect addition to the Roc's Southwedge.
