Delicious Indian food! We've been pleased with everything we've had here. Excellent tikka masala; excellent paneer dishes. There is this beet stuffed fried appetizer that is really fantastic.
Feel like I should update on my previous rant: Calcutta is really the best takeout Indian food option we have in the area. We tried to stay away because of our bad experience, but couldn't. They just have a hard time keeping up with the strong demand, so we stick to pickup or eating in and we have no problem. Their rolls are delicious and the rest of the menu always tastes great too. In person the staff and owners are extremely nice.
Amazing again and again. So delicious and fresh. A lot of care and intention goes into making this food. I usually get the chicken tikka masala lunch thali. With chole (the chick peas )or rajma? The kidney bean dish? I hope I'm saying it right. Anyway it's delicious and I get garlic nan. It costs a little more but it is wonderful and garlic healthy for you. This is the best Indian food in westchester. No, in the whole NY metro area. Bravo!
Best Indian food in southern Westchester! We've been to them all and this is the place you want to order your next Chicken Tikka Masala from, it's a must!
This place is totally review worthy! The food is delicious! You really cannot go wrong with Calcutta Wrap and Roll! It is quality you can taste! To top it all off, the owners are wonderful people who are passionate at what they do, and you can taste it with every bite!
I had the Calcutta chicken roll with egg + 2 veggie samosa's and a Pepsi. Hit the spot! No complaints. I will go back if I am back in Dobbs Ferry.
Disclaimer: I am not an Indian Cuisine fanatic. That being said, the food here is delicious! This was the second time I came here with my wife and both dine-ins have been pleasurable. The staff greet you warmly, and are helpful to newcomers not familiar with the cuisine. The decor here is contemporary and the overall size of the venue is small (about 3-4 tables to dine in). Big eaters be warned: Portion sizes are average-to-above-average as comparable to other takeout spots. Appetizers: I have tried the vegetable samosas and skinny chicken rolls. They were both hot and fresh, full of the flavorful complexity expected from Indian cuisine. The Naan (flat bread not unlike pita bread) is the perfect accompaniment to the spicy and flavorful entrees, and comes plain or in a garlic variant. Entrees: I have tried the Chicken Moorka/Morka which comprises of small chicken breast chunks in a nutty, green sauce, and the staple Chicken Tandoori. Both arrived hot and delicious with a side of Basmati rice. Next time I will be trying the well-known Chicken Tikka Masala but I think the Moorka will win for a trusted go-to dish. The nutty herb and spice texture is addictive! Be weary when going for the spicy dishes like the Vindaloos! My wife ordered Dr. B's Chicken and found it spicy to the point of it being inedible. No worries though! Mrs. B offered some Indian yogurt to cool the tongue, on the house! Honestly Dr. B and his wife are genuine and hospitable people that always make it a pleasure to stop by. Overall very pleasant dining experience, I just wish the venue was bigger and full service with table waiting. Understandable though, given the owner Dr. B is a full time OB/GYN during the daytime! Consider Calcutta Wrap and Roll a must if you are craving fresh home made Indian Cuisine in or near Westchester county.
Excellent food and friendly service. Called here on a Friday evening to ask about their menu and food allergens. Despite it being a busy time the young woman on the phone was friendly and even checked with the kitchen staff for me. I picked up the food to take out. They have an area to sit with a few tables but no waiter service. Everything I got was excellent. The Tikka Masala and Vindaloo were perfect. I'll definitely be back here again. Just one word of warning - parking is very limited in the little cramped area in front when it is busy so you might have to park a ways down the road.
This restaurant is small, but that's just fine for me because I usually have dinner delivered.  The food is FANTASTIC & fresh and ALWAYS delicious!  I have eaten in more Indian restaurants than I can count and this place is a gem!  It's a shame there aren't more tables for eating in.  The owners are lovely, and will be more than happy to Tailor something to your specific liking, I.e hot, mild, etc.    The prices are very reasonable, too.  Warning: the only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because there are times that the delivery can take a super crazy long time.  Avoid Friday or Saturday between 7:00-9:00pm and you should be fine. If you ask how long for delivery they are pretty accurate, but no matter how yummy, I'm NEVER waiting and hour & 45 minutes!  Tonight I ordered at 6;00 and dinner was here in 40 minutes.  I love this place!  You can't go wrong!!!
Calcutta Wrap & Roll gets 4 stars in my book, partially buoyed by the fact that they are take out/delivery, gives us many more opportunities to eat Indian.  It is primarily take-out, so the FSA (food, service, atmosphere) review will be a bit altered, but hey, I can get take out/delivery Indian in Westchester??  Horray! Food: I have had chicken, lamb, goat dishes so far.  All very good.  Meat is tender, good spice, good sauces.  My wife gets the aloo gobi alot, and real good for a veggie dish. Naan bread is nice & warm, and the raita comes in a huge portion.  Portion sizes are good too - think what you get for Chinese takeout. Service: They do delivery up to 5 miles for free I think.  If you go there to order, the service has always been friendly. It gets very busy during evening hours, so order early if you do not want to wait long for your food. Atmosphere: There are only a couple of tables, as it is a small place, and majority of their business is take out.
Overall 3.5 stars.. Small place which is more suitable for take out, they do have some tables and chairs to accommodate small groups... We didn't have any issues finding a parking spot. Service is fast and owners are really nice and attentive. For vegetarians I would recommend the Calcutta rolls and samosa. Stay away from rava dosa and ras mallai. Overall I would come back again.
I was hosting a lunch party for some friends and I needed help building a menu for the event.  The day before the lunch, I sat down with one of the owners (Shohini) and she helped me pick out the best Indian food and set a pickup time for the next day.  It was the best Indian food I have ever had  (Appetizers, and Entrees).  Definitely a big hit with my guests and my family.  I ordered a bit more than I needed cause I knew It would  keep well in the fridge.     My family eats meat but all the food in the lunch was vegetarian - it was such a treat.  I am looking forward to going back for the other items in the menu.
Never had a bad meal. Everything about this place is solid.  We order here, everything is great.   The Dr's special hits a home run every time and we love the biryani.
I waited over an hour for takeout!! OVER ONE HOUR!!! When I finally got the food, I spoke to the owner who didn't even apologize. When I asked him whether he would return to a place that took over and hour to make food he agreed he wouldn't - but still no apology. In the era of social media this is not acceptable!!! I've been to Calcutta twice before and not had such as experience but this was intolerable and I won't be going back. It's a shame because the food is good but no matter how good the food is, when a manager/owner shows such arrogance towards its customers, it doesn't deserve the business.
All I have to say is "chicken tikka masala" get it. You won't be disappointed .
The BEST indian food ever. I am no bragging, this place indeed serves top notch food with very decent price. If you are east Indian, you will love to visit this place and if you do please check try Chorchodi, mudi ghanto, etc. They have the best dosa, dahi vada, chicken saag, seekh kabab, malai kofta ... oh I am feeling hungry again. I am sure you wont be disappointed no matter which part of world you come from, This place has the best people at the counter, so kind, warm hospitable one, that you would not hesitating rating this place 5-stars. Keep up good food!!!
Great job, best Indian food around at a great price. Keep up the good work. My new go to place for Indian food.
Finding myself only a recent fan of Indian food, I have nothing but good things to say about Calcutta Wrap & Roll. We order takeout from here even though we are 15 minutes north of them. The Norma is so creamy and flavorful. The lamb curry is super tender and not too spicy. The samosas are big and full of flavor.  I could have the chicken tikka appetizer as a meal for lunch. Try it you will not be disappointed.
I've been here twice, and I stuck to their house special chicken rolls both times. The rolls are not as good as the rolls from the Kati Roll Co. in the city, but they are still fairly decent. In fact, for Westchester they are pretty darn good. I haven't tried any of their other dishes, but I will have to take the plunge sometime soon.
If you are in Westchester and like Indian food, here is a restaurant you shouldn't miss out on. -Things I loved here - Goat curry, Lamb curry, Chicken Wrap. -The fish curry was good but I expected more (because of 'Calcutta' :)) -There is complementary chai. -The staff is nice and it is a family run place. -Great price! But, -The seating is limited. Prefer a carryout or dine in at an odd time. -Parking is limited as well (there might be other options near by)
Dear Calcutta W&R,  Just stopped by for a quick Indian fix before heading home. The reviews steered me right again - you are a delicious little Indian oasis. Your tikka masala, samosas and rolls are like crack! Same goes for your mango lassi. Let's get back to the samosas - I've never had any better. Spicy, fragrant and crispy. You beat the pants off the other places - you actually aren't afraid to add some heat! My only beef (pardon the pun - I know you don't serve cow!) is that your lunch special servings are a wee bit skimpy. Please be more generous with your delicious food. Other than that, I'm going to make more excuses to come to Ardsley. Mmmm...I could swim in that tikka masala sauce. A big platter & a Mira Nair movie and I'm in heaven. :o)  Much love,       L
3 1/2* I thought the food here was pretty good. Vegetable Samosa (2 large pieces) - friend had this and thought it was decent. Papri Chaat - not as good as my mothers, but a valiant effort!   Nice mix of chickpeas mixed with yogurt and crispy wafers.  I thought they went a little overboard with the cilantro.  Try adding on the green and apple butter chutneys...makes the dish really good. Calcutta Vegetarian Roll - basically a roti rolled up with paneer inside.  I asked for mine to be medium spicy and  bit into a green pepper that was hidden between the paneer.  OUCH!   This kind of ruined it for me because my throat was on fire and nose wouldn't stop running.  I guess I should say mild next time.  Paneer was seasoned well, but again, overboard with the cilantro. Butter Paneer - perfectly fine tomato sauce with chunks of paneer.  This isn't the best I've had, but definitely not the worst either.  This came with rice and we ordered naan on the side.   Complimentary masala chai at the counter! Service was friendly.
Either I'm getting soft and lax with my ratings or I've been finding genuinely good places to eat lately thanks to Yelp. I'm sitting at work on my lunch break eating my Calcutta Wrap and Roll meal and damn is it delicious. I went for all vegetarian dishes today and I couldn't be happier. My reasonably priced lunch special includes two vegetable dishes (you get to pick from four choices) and rice or nann. The portions are reasonably sized and definitely filling. I also ordered two vegetable samosas with my meal, which are excellent as well. Who can complain about a filling meal for $11? I've never sat down to eat, but the dining area looks like a small, cozy spot that could get crowded quickly. I'll definitely order takeout from here again, and it's just up the road from where I work, which is even more convenient.
There aren't many take-out Indian restaurants in Westchester, but Calcutta is by far the best Indian food I've ever had. The food is freshly made, authentic, home style Indian food that lives up to it's best of Westchester 2012 title- it's truly the best in Westchester! My personal favorite dish is the chicken tikka masala, and the aloo gobi; two dishes that never fail to leave me satisfied after eating. Very kid friendly as well. Great place to go with family and friends for an authentic, fresh and most importantly, delicious Indian meal.
I love this place.  It's not the best Indian food I've had but really really good.  Every dish I've had was at least solid.  A couple were super - bold and flavorful dishes.  They make it spicy to your taste.  The owners and the staff are very nice. Parking is a pain because it's in Ardsley Square but the municipal parking by the bus stop across the street is often empty.   MInd you, this is not a sit down place.  There are only 3 tables.  But take out is fabulous and they DELIVER!  Finally a Westchester restaurant that delivers.  Yes the delivery is SLOW.  Sometimes up to an hour.  So plan accordingly or just drive over and pick up.   I recommend this place highly!
Awesome rolls!! Take it from me - I've eaten the rolls multiple times and in multiples, each single time :-) As someone who lives in New York City and hasnt been very impressed with the rolls on offer in the city, I had to travel out of the city to Calcutta Wrap & Roll to find the perfect, juicy, yummy, drool-inducing (right now all over my keyboard) roll. Also, the chicken tikka masala is blazing-amazing. The best part - for those of the vegetarian persuasion, things are great too! As is the kheer... HIGHLY, highly recommend!
RGNR: food is super delicious. Try hot spicy dishes. Prices right given superior quality. Try chai. Would recommend.
Absolutely great food for both vegetarians and non. I definitely recommend the rolls and the chicken tikka - they are simply delicious. You can tell all the ingredients are super fresh from your first bite, everything from the meat to the cilantro garnish tastes wonderful. Definitely worth a trip from the city. I also highly recommend the lassi --- amazing!
Loved, loved, loved this place! I went with a small group thinking it was a sit down restaurant. Turns out, this place is more poipular for cary-out and delivery. I got a shrimp dish and tried some samosas for the table. Everyone LOVED the food. The flavors were so tasty and fresh. I would definitely recommend this place for pick up. The restaurant itself is pretty bare and not deisgned for eat-in. They do have compliementary tea for guests. The restaurant is family-owned and operated and the staff were all very friendly. I liked this place so much, I ordered it in for a group for work for dinner. The delivery was prompt (they warned me about a long wait since they were backed up) and came when they said it would. The Tikka Masala was delicious.
I'd been living in New York for the past couple of years now and was still on the search for a good Kathi roll place. Don't get me wrong, there are a number of really good Indian restaurants in the city, but I hadn't found one that served food that you could believe was made in India. It took me a trip to Westchester to find THAT roll. The paratha was perfectly flaky. The meat was tender and extremely juicy. I would recommend trying all of the rolls if you had a whole day or a really health appetite; however, if you aren't that lucky, then go for the Calcutta chicken roll. If had the good fortune of visiting Calcutta, this roll will surely rekindle those memories. If you live in the city and want to take a food expedition, up state New York would be a great place as a first destination. Happy eating!!
I have visited Calcutta W&R a number of times and I always, always enjoy it. Their rolls are delicious and they really do kick them up a notch if you ask. I have also had a few of the entrees and they are all great as well, especially the paneer makhani. Appetizers are all really good. I usually do takeout here, but it's fine to eat there as well. The staff members are nice and the lady who seems to own the place is very polite and attentive as well. Calcutta is a great addition to the Westchester Indian scene. I will keep going back.
[Update] Terrible service if you just drop in. Totally unbelievable service. I came in and order 1 thing - my wait? Try 30+ minutes. They don't care that you walked into to their business while in the neighborhood, no warning that you will have to wait forever while they take care of delivery and pick-up orders... you just stand there.... and stand there.... and stand there... unreal. I have never waited this long in a SIT DOWN restaurant! Good food does not trump terrible service.
We've ordered 5xs and counting from here. They are sooooo fast and have sent complimentary soups. Their tiki masala is THE BOMB-like right now I'm craving it :( Rice with their little fresh peas and clove seasoning was devoured in literally minutes. Samosas are wonderful and nan is delectable. Even the little dipping sauces are fresh and are handled with care. We order other things but these are my personal favorite. Last, everything is just very clean, the store, the food, and ingredients. Ardsley is lucky to have such a cool and yummy shop open up here!!!! Ugh now I'm hungry
The food here is awesome.  The ingredients that are used (whether it is from the lamb to the vegetables) taste extremely fresh.  And, you can tell there is a lot of care put into each dish that is made.  Somehow the combinations of ingredients they use in each dish allow you to taste each piece that was put into the combination -- an honest to god flavor explosion that just keeps you angling for more and more.   Not too mention, the owners are extremely nice and are willing to go the extra mile to make sure your experience is great.  Oh, and the price is right.   Definitely a definitive 'go enjoy it' recommendation.
This is my go-to budget Indian. Sometimes I take-out (one entree usually takes 20 minutes), but I've been eating there a lot recently. There are three 4 person tables and one 2 person table (often occupied by an owner/manager, which I actually really like-- the transparency of their management, that is). Lunch specials are a real bargain. $7.99 for a vegetable entree, veg side, and your choice of naan or rice; $8.99 for chicken; lamb is more expensive. I like Dr. B's chicken chatpata, which is a spicy sauteed chicken sort of thing. (Dr.B is, I believe, the owner.) Calcutta does get very busy during peak hours. This is not a complaint, and it seems silly for others to complain about it. If you eat in the restaurant, they expedite your order. From my experience, orders never take more than 40 minutes, even the largest ones. (Mine's never taken more than 20, but I'm here all the time and hear the ETAs.) In short, this is a small family-operated and largely take-out gem of an Indian restaurant. I couldn't recommend it more highly. P.S. Enjoy the chai tea and fennel seed candy while you wait :)
4.5 stars Wonderful Indian food. The Chicken Saag was quite extraordinary, tender pieces of white meat chicken with a silky creamy spinach sauce. We ordered take out for the work and everyone LOVED it. I had a bite of my girlfriend's Bean Bahar and it was brilliantly seasoned and I normally loathe green beans. I can't wait to go back the kids since they are just beginning to fall in love with Indian food. Like many reviewers say here, probably the best Indian in Lower Westchester, in my opinion. Food not greasy and heavy and very friendly people.
My boyfriend and I have been to this no-frills take-out place about 5 times now and we'll keep coming back. The tikka and korma are delicious as are the masala dosa and homemade lassis. Owner Sudita is nice as can be. Parking can be a problem here but there are alternatives if you don't mind walking a little. The food is not cheap, but it's always fresh. Plus they deliver for free. Try it if you're looking for a good local Indian joint.
I'm a city slicker, used to the finest inexpensive Indian eats of the East...East 6th St. that is.  But when I'm in Westchester I can't help stopping by for a delicious meal at this hidden Indian treasure.  Their lunch time Thali is by far the best delectable deal around.  So far I've tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Korma & Chicken Saag.  I also enjoy their vegetable samosa. All really yumminy.   I only do take out, which seems to be the way they're geared.  They have a nicely decked out little place, very clean, with a small amount of tables.  They have a couple of tables for 4 and some more for 2 people. Not really the place for a romantic interlude, but certainly fine for a get together with friends. For me, take out is the way to go cause I'm usually stopping by on my way some where.  They pack up everything really well.  Try the free chai while you wait.  I'm not a tea person, so I was very pleasantly surprised when I needed to warm up on a cold fall day. A little hard to find.  Make sure to map it before you go.   Bon Appetit.
Love love the tikka masala!!!! I craVe that every day yum yum!! If u do the masala u must get the garlic naan! Straight crack ! I wish I had a dish right now...
I never imagined seeing my family chow down on the Indian dishes I'd long enjoyed/they always winced at when I described to them on visits home. But for my 30th birthday party, I witnessed a culinary miracle when my entire family praised the food they thought they'd never dig---catered by Calcutta Wrap & Roll. Our party menu was carefully plotted alongside "the Doctor," the restaurant's affable owner who takes great pride in delivering an unparalleled food experience. He moonlights as a restauranteur for the love of the game (or food, really), and it shows. An eclectic crowd of varied ages all left my party complimenting the grub, some with a tone of surprise. Me, I had faith in what the Doctor ordered. To me, Calcutta isn't your average Indian joint. I wouldn't drive nearly 40 minutes from my apartment just to get it. And I certainly wouldn't ever think to have a birthday bash of mine catered by an establishment in a different state. The "standard" Indian staples are expertly concocted by Calcutta and their unique offerings (some I'd never seen even living in Manhattan for a decade+) are more scrumptious than any I've tasted from any restaurant of its kind. Really, really good prices too. The added bonus is that the staff is genuine, friendly and enthusiastic about having people enjoy their food. It may not be "elegant" on the inside, but these folks have more class than most white-linen-napkin restaurants my wife and I have been to. They say "thank you" by offering complimentary masala chai at your disposal (or sending a full thermos of it for catered events, if you so request!). There are so many things I can't wait to try next at Calcutta. Definitely visit if you love Indian food or are Indian curious...in which case you're soon to be among the former.
I've only been here once so maybe the five star rating is a little too generous but I love their food! It's sufficiently spicy, they have great vegetarian options, and the food is reasonably fast. I only ordered takeout so I can't really comment on the in-house service but they seemed nice enough. I can tell you parking is crap there. It's a tiny parking lot that at least 5-6 other places have to share. It's terrible. But I will definitely be ordering from them more when I feel a hankering coming on!
First Visit: Tikka Masala was wonderful Vindaloo was yummy (not overloaded with potato or burn - it was - simply wonderful) Naan was okay (ive had better - but i generally see naan as hit or miss everywhere) Samosa were perfect Am planning on going back this week to see if it is consistent. FYI - i am VERY pleased to see that the owner is willing to reach out on yelp and help fix problems people have had.  That is very rare.
My wife's from the Indian subcontinent and she swears by this place. We love it. The food is really tasty, inexpensive, and the ingredients always seem very fresh. The spicy wraps are actually spicy! We've tried a lot of the dishes: goat, fish, and lamb curries, chicken wraps, chicken tikka masala. They're all terrific. The place doesn't have much seating, so we usually do take out or delivery. My mouth is watering just writing this review.
Great taste, friendly staff, and great price. I have tried many restaurants in Westchester, and this is the BEST among not only Indian restaurants, but also all.
Awesome!  Great food at a great price.  Had the chicken tikka masala - yumm, palak paneer - good, not bitter at all, calcutta chicken skinny roll, and the chicken reshmi kebab - grilled but very juicy & tender.  We will definitely be ordering from here again.  Not much seating here though, it's really a to-go place.
The family who owns this restaurant acts as how every restaurant owner should. they are so caring and friendly from the second you walk in. I have ordered probably 10 different dishes and every one of them have been delicious. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are great. The naan is fluffy and the proteins all are seasoned very well. I would highly recommend this place to anybody in Westchester who wants a fantastic Indian home cooked meal.
Incredibly delicious Indian food! Great prices and portions. I'm used to getting Indian in the city and this blew all those places away! The chicken samosas, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and  rice pudding are definitely the tastiest I have ever had. The people inside are warm and friendly and this place is a winner! I can't wait to try more dishes.
After two months on the West coast, we're still craving Calcutta Wrap & Roll. Can't wait for our trip back East this winter, which will most certainly be punctuated by a trip to Ardsley specifically for some of this absolutely delicious food!
A great addition to the local cuisine. The chicken tikka masala and masala dosa was very good. Looking forward to tasting the other items in the menu. Michelle D. is right on the money this place is a winner for Ardsley. We had take out,  so i am giving 4 stars for now, but i will update when i try the other dishes and eat in.
I've been eating here for approximately 2 years. The food is consistently tasty. I've had almost all the meat and vegetarian dishes on the menu and I'm never disappointed. My only complaint is that they're not open 7 days a week (closed on Mondays) It's like dang I have to wait for Tuesday and I do :). Staff is super friendly and outgoing. Compliments to everyone that works here they do a superb job.
This was the best lamb curry dish I've had in any Indian restaurant in the tri-state area. Delicious crispy kati rolls too (Calcutta Roll on the menu).
Our family of 4 were there today for lunch and decided to eat there (despite it being more of a take out place). The LONGEST we have ever waited for food anywhere!!!! We were not told there were HUGE catering orders before us. We ended up waiting for 50 minutes before the FIRST item (out of 5 items we ordered) arrived and that too after I asked about it a couple of times. Even then they did not tell us there was going to be a huge wait for the remaining food to arrive. We saw other people getting their take out orders in the midst of all this. They clearly don't know what customer service means!!! We were being patient despite all this. What adds to this bad customer service is that the check out lady offered other people free mango lassi for their wait but didn't have the courtesy of giving us a discount when we paid our bill. One of the co-owner lady shows up offering to hear us out but even she didn't have make the slightest attempt to compensate us for this MISERABLE MEAL! After all that wait the FOOD WAS AVERAGE at best!
Five Stars. My previous favorite indian restaurant in Westchester closed, so I discovered this place. It was amazing. Friendly staff, fast delivery and amazing food. I love the chicken tikki masala, onion naan, kheer (rice pudding) and their tamarind sauce is amazing.
It is a small space and was a bit hard to find at night. The chicken vindaloo had a nice blend of spices with a bit of kick but it was missing the usual vindaloo flavor I'm used to. Maybe it needed a bit more vinegar? It was accompanied by a large container of perfectly cooked basmati. The paper masala dosa was crispy with very nicely spiced potatoes. Not a fan of there being only styrofoam plates and plastic cutlery for eating in, but I suppose it is easier for the management as most of the orders are for take out. You get a good amount of tasty food for the price. I wish it were on my side of the river so I could be a regular.
Without a doubt the best Indian food ever. Tikka masala, naan, tandoori chicken, dosa and rolls are all delicious. Don't forget to try their Indian rice pudding- Kheer. Super nice owner who will go out of his way to lend you his parking spot or give you a free lassi. Excellent Restaurant
Great food, authentic, generous portions, but quality is not compromised here. I will continue to come here instead of Orissa in Dobbs Ferry which is owned by crooks and is overpriced for no particular reason. I hope they will get a larger restaurant space at some point. Until then we will continue to take out at least once a week! I agree EAT HERE NOW!
By far the freshest tastiest delicious Indian food I have eaten in a looooooong time. The flavor simply  explodes in your mouth and is not overpowering at all.  I grew up in queens. I have eaten all over Jackson heights and woodside. Move over Queens... Westchester is now on the map with Calcutta Wrap and Roll.
A distributor of culinary bliss amidst abundant suburban blandness. This touch of color in the hidden corner of Ardsley is one of the few reasons to visit this stereotypical burb hole. I've met with the owners in fact, for a job interview that I did not accept for reasons unknown to everybody but me. The lady I spoke with is a genial and intelligent woman, who wishes to provide a grand flair in a town branded with dull palettes. She and her husband did the trick - this place is a success for the community and it's hungry inhabitants. Spice is sprinkled all over the expansive menu, which is as large as India itself. Curry is blazed up in the hidden kitchen within, where they have several dipping sauces for pretty much anything you order. And uh ... they have these crunchy masala dosas - which are pretty much exotic knishes. Awesome. Pair that up with papri cha (A savory yogurt like appetizer with chips for that indulgent flair) and you'll receive an epiphany of an accurate  review. Each meal comes with a box of rice - big and with a hint of flavor. I beg of you not to forget #48; it's a vegetarian dish that resembles spinach, but had a different flavor when consumed with the rice that I just mentioned. Trust me on this one, folks. This is Indian cuisine that is not to be missed within your suburban lifetimes full of blind obedience to the mortgage man, and the constant bombardments of meat. Enjoy the experience of being a vegetarian for only an hour and a full table for two at twenty two dollars. Try parking without waiting for five minutes. I bet you five rupees that you'll probably go for ten. No worries though - it is definitely worth the wait. They have a great looking dining room. Tip the person behind the register, please.
Excellent . the best Indian food I have had in the past two years. Friendly environment . This is closest you can get to a home made food.
Surprisingly super good! I didn't think take-out could taste so delicious. Great vegetarian menu. I wish I'd starting coming here sooner!
I have tried for 6 months ordering food over and over again just to see if maybe the last time was a fluke and and an off day. But every time it happens and so I have to say with 99% certainty I will not be eating from here again. It was so amazing at first to have the proper hyderabadi cooking styles and everything so flavorful and balanced. Now I have gotten sick from their food almost every time I have ordered over the last few months. The portions are inconsistent and the spice level is out of control. My last order was korma that was hotter than vindaloo, I know because I passed it around to the rest of the family who enjoys spicy food and they were all puzzled by the amount of spice. It should be an explosion of flavor not feel like someone poured a box of red hots into your mouth. I don't feel like getting sick or wasting my money anymore. I also felt I needed to update. I'm sorry that it is what it is.
The Chicken Tikka Masala here is the stuff of dreams. Seriously. I dream of that sauce regularly. The food is all extremely fresh, super delicious, and the owners (and staff in general) are all incredibly helpful and accommodating. My favorites: all the wraps and the chicken tikka masala. It's become a well-deserved go-to spot, since it's the best Indian in the area by a long shot.
i've been meaning to go to this place for awhile and recently checked it out. Glad I did! The owner is very warm and welcoming. She highly recommended her sweet lassi, so my husband and I tried one of those and a mango one. Both were delish! The sweet one was really interesting with lots of cardamom and pistachios. We ordered samosas, some dal tadka, onion naan, goat curry and baingan bartha. Samosas were about average, I liked the dal tadka (I would've enjoyed it more if it were a bit more spicy but I forgot to tell them). My eggplant curry was okay. My husband seemed to enjoy it more than I did. He loved his goat curry. The naan was a weird texture to me. Maybe it was because we got the onion one? I tend to like things a bit more "well done" and crispy, and I just don't think it was my thing. We came at a time when it was really quiet, but I could see how it could get busy and fill up quickly since they only have a few tables. When we were finished with everything (we had lots of stuff left over to take home for the next day for dinner), the owner asked how everything was and let us know that she was currently running an Amazonlocal deal. I thought that was nice of her to pass on. Will definitely be back to try some other interesting things on the menu!
CW&R catered for an event that I helped organize last year and the food was absolutely amazing (and plentiful!). There were none of the usual pools of greece or sogginess that you often see with catered food- everything was fresh, crisp, and delicious. My favorite was definitely the chicken, which was cooked to perfection and obviously fresh. Highly recommended!
Very solid Indian newcomer to the area. Chicken tikka masala to die for, ask for it a little spicy def worth it. The wraps are yummy.
I was never a fan of Indian food, but I have been converted! The food is fresh and delicious. The staff is very friendly and have never steered me wrong when it came to choosing from their vast menu. I love all of their chicken appetizers.
Fresh, flavorful, and downright delicious--Calcutta W&R is a notch above the rest. The standard Indian fare (chicken tikka masala, samosas, etc.) are made extraordinarily well. But, I especially appreciate the various chaats and rolls that W&R offers; truly brings me a taste of home. To top it all off, the owners and staff are wonderfully warm and generous. Not to be missed!
I always get the chicken tikka masala but today I decided to branch out. The owner introduced himself and helped us out with our order. We started off with chicken samosas which were very yummy (not greasy at all). I got the chicken dosa which  was a lot bigger than I expected. A lot of wrap (which I trimmed away), but the filling was delicious (not heavy at all). Tasty sauces, refreshing mango lassi...all around enjoyable lunch :)
Just ate at Calcutta Wrap & Roll. I followed the recommendations of other yelpers and glad I did. This is a small, kind of a hole-in-the-wall type place. I think I saw maybe six tables, but it was not a formal dining room at all. It looks like most people get take-out, which I did. I saw that they delivered too. I would eat there for lunch but probably not for dinner unless I was grabbing something quick and with a very small group. Despite the size of the place, their menu is extensive. I am a vegan, so this review is about the numerous vegan options. I counted 17 vegan options, which includes appetizers, entrees, soups, and bread! This really is an incredible number of vegan options and a rare find for Westchester. They also have many many options for vegetarians and meat eaters. The entrees are very reasonably priced, ranging from $7.99 to $14.99 for Chef's Specials. I can't wait to go back.
Excellent Indian food! The prices here are very reasonable. I didn't give it five stars because it takes a very long time to get your food, but that's partly because they make everything fresh. Everything I have had here was delicious, but I could take a bath in the tiki masala sauce. It's incredible! I got lentils here once that were a little bland but it's definitely worth it to stop in when you're craving Indian food. Another nice thing, there's always complementary masala chai tea, which is delicious. If you don't like that, there are lipton tea bags or water. And you can always pay for a soda or lassi drink.
I am SO DONE with this place!!!  First they made me (and others) empty promises since before the summer that they would soon be offering plain rice along with the jeera - NEVER HAPPENED!  Always jeera!.  Today, however, was the LAST STRAW.  Would we have gotten plain basmati - I'll never know!!!  I figured I'd give them another try, since I'd heard the sauces had gotten better.  We called at 2:45 to place a lunch order and were told: "We're on break from 3 until 4."  What?!!  Right!  And at 4pm, I would have been told that the kitchen required more time because they were coming off of their break - plus, the lunch boxes would no longer have been available.  I am SO DONE with this place!  Never, never, never!  I cannot take the lack of professionalism; the random policies.  I don't need frustration and agita every time I order food...don't want to feel like I'm caught in an SNL skit.  I love Indian food, but I will stick to only dining out, in more polished establishments, when I want to satisfy that craving.
Agree with 'eat here now' the food is Fresh and Delicious. The samosas were hand made -- apparently every other samosa I've ever had was a frozen variety. You'll find all of your favorite dishes and a few surprises on this menu. My family loves the Chicken Tikka masala, the appetizers were great, I loved their saag, it was very fresh. Can't wait to go back and try more things. We left impossibly stuffed.   Calcutta Wrap and Roll has 4 tables, definitely intended as a restaurant for take out but eat in is fine too. Big concern -- need a prominent sign on Ardsley Rd. It's hard to find this place and I want it to survive and thrive.
Really just about the best Indian food that I've ever had in NY. Best curry in Westchester by far, and really well priced. Delicious and authentic. I lived in India for a year, and this place finally matched my needs for tasty Indian. Not dumbed down or made generic. EXCELLENT
it was date night, and my husband and i ventured to calcutta wrap and roll. we ordered the chicken tikki masala, vegetable korma, garlic naan, and each had their sweet lassis AND we had leftovers for lunch! a great value for a delicious meal.
Food was fresh but did not taste good.  Will not return.
This might be the best Indian food I've had in any restaurant in the U.S. I've had takeout from here on several occasions, and the food has been fresh and delicious every single time. It tastes just like home-cooked food, but the kind that you'd get at a house renowned for its cooking. The yellow dal is incredible, truly comfort food. The saag paneer is light and tasty, not the overcooked mush you get at other places. The baingan bharta is fantastic, smoky and with great flavor. And best of all, the food is actually spicy if you ask for it to be. I'm in heaven every time I eat their food! I can't recommend it enough.
Love the food and welcoming service!
Don't expect an elegant dining experience. In fact, that part was fairly awkward. But the food is excellent, and the people are very friendly.
Had an incredible, healthy lunch!  The Chhole is one of the best foods I've ever tasted.  A cilantro lovers dream!    Eggplant and tandoori chicken were fantastic as well.  Very generous portions.   Can't wait to go back!
Great food and great value!  Our order was delivered in less time than we were told to expect.  We ordered several dishes, each of which was fresh, delicious and spiced just right (my husband prefers mild; not I!)  Portions were generous -- a great value.  And the owners, as another reviewer wrote, couldn't be nicer.  What a terrific take-away experience.
Delicious Indian fare with an incredibly helpful menu that identifies vegetarian, vegan, AND gluten-free items. The highest priced entree is a lamb dish ($19.99) but most offerings hover around 10 bucks. There's a free self-service beverage station that includes ice water, chai (milky, spiced tea), and hot water for regular tea. On the appetizer side, the pakora (veggie fritters) are small and delicious; my only complaint is that there just aren't enough on the plate. The medu vada (two fried lentil donuts) come with two sides, coconut chutney and a vegetable-laden lentil soup, making this appetizer a meal in itself.   The palak paneer (cheese in spinach sauce) is spiced nicely and quite addicting. The malai kofta (cheese and veggie dumplings in sauce) is both spicy and sweet. Completely unrelated to food: The bathroom is really quite nice. Calcutta Wrap and Roll is a small take-out place with maybe five tables. Similar places just leave a few rolls of tp on a pole and spritz some air freshener. This  bathroom is spacious, clean, has hooks for coats and bags, and looks like it belongs in an nicely appointed home, not a take away tucked next to the Saw Mill Parkway.
Initiated by the response from Calcutta Wrap & Roll, we ordered takeout again.  Our order was taken and repeated.  We were asked about utensils and the food arrived in pristine condition.  I'm glad that we got notified, because the food never was the problem, however, when food delivery times are long due to our location, we just want to make sure that all the food comes in as intended Thanks for reaching out!
Since I went to an Indian Restaurant in Boston for Pax EAST- I've been on a major indian kick. I have tried countless indian restaurants in the Westchester Area, this one is my favorite. The food is fresh, the owners are always there to help, and the staff actually care. I am just one of the many that go there, but still feel like I'm valued. The place is small, but welcoming. Recommendations: Chicken Vindaloo and Mango Lassie- Both amazing. Great food, Great service, Decent prices.
Just ordered for the first time, super fast delivery and excellent food at a great price. Very friendly too.
