If you're in a rut, going to Starbucks or even (shudder) DD, you need to go here.  The coffee is miles better and the atmosphere is very chilled out. BTW, if you call it "expreso," this probably isn't your place.
If you're in a hurry and want a quick cup of joe, this is not your kind of place. This place is designed to enjoy coffee slowly, maybe talk with your friends, maybe by yourself. Their coffees are always interesting, and they also have a small selection of beers and wine. The atmosphere is modern and relaxed, with a friendly staff that will guide you through the brews (coffee brews).
Pretentious and lack luster baristas, who think they know a lot about coffee, but they do not.  The place is nice enough in the interior, but lacks warmth and charm.  I ordered a cappuccino and my husband an expresso.  My cappuccino was mediocre at best, cold, lifeless and sent back!  My husband's expresso, was filled with maple syrup and actually tasted terrible. I guess I was looking for a great cup of coffee, a comfortable chair or sofa and friendly faces.  None of these things occurred. It is back to Javas where the quality and artistic surroundings are authentic! You can keep Joe Bean!!
Daaaaaaang. Now I understand what the hype is all about. Joe Bean is awesome. My boyfriend and I stopped here the other day to finally try this place, and we were not disappointed. The menu is surprising and impressive. He got coffee and I got a latte, as well as a fruit & nut mix and a gluten free biscotti. Everything was fantastic. Plus the people working there were super nice. The space is open and still cozy, a nice place to meet friends or have a meeting.  Also I noticed that there is lots of cool stuff to buy (mugs, shirts, coffee brewing goodies, etc). The only thing I wasn't wild about was the location. It was kind of easy to miss, and parking was sort of confusing. We figured it out though, and it was worth it.
Creme de la creme! I am not a "hipster" by any means, however both times I have visited I have been treated with Nordstrom type service. The staff is AWESOME! I was very intimidated walking it. I frequent Starbucks along with other small local shops and this place takes the cake for most confusing. With that said, the employees are super down to earth and willing to walk you through the steps to getting the best coffee/espresso drink. Jus know...THEY DO NOT PUT SYRUPS IN ANY DRINK. If you like a sweeter drink don't be shy about going here. I thought I liked sweeter coffee also but they brewed an awesome latte with no sweetener..and it was great.   Between the customer service, ambiance, and knowledge this place is a must try. I have become a Joe Bean fan.
Great place with good coffee!   It's definitely a higher-end coffee bar. The staff is really nice, the coffee is super fresh, and everyone is helpful. Personally, I like my coffee a little darker and smoother than what they were pouring that day, but it can't be denied that even the fruity roasts were quality. I also tried their vegan cranberry gingersnap cookies. They were very different; super moist and chewy. You couldn't just scarf them down without choking, so you had to chew and chew on them. I'm not complaining at all, it was a fantastic way to make me slow down and really enjoy the complex flavors and texture of the cookie. And it definitely paired well with the coffee they were serving that day. The ambiance is incredible and the decoration is scarce with a steampunk vibe. It's a great place for one or two people to hang out at, and maybe a maximum party of 4 could enjoy it too. Definitely a good place to check out in Rochester!
Like others have said it is a little intimidating but so worth it, the staff are very nice and helpful ! I really enjoy the cappuccino here, I wasn't sure what to expect being that I usually drink flavored Starbucks type coffee drinks but I would rather have this any day! The espresso is so smooth and delicious you won't miss any of that sugary syrup trust me! Not to mention the great caffeine rush lol.
Uppity lil coffee spot. Not really my thing... I was just trying to get a lil caffeine buzz so I wouldn't fall asleep studying!
Joe Bean is by far the best coffee shop in Rochester. And not only is the environment pleasant and the staff helpful, but Joe Bean also roast s their own beans so you always have the freshest coffee. After One visit I was hooked. Now I only drink Joe Bean coffee.
Joe Bean has friendly baristas who don't mind sharing their knowledge of coffee and brew methods. I ordered a flight of their daily selections (3) and the sumatra was definitely my favorite using the hario method. I definitely recommend the flight to share for anyone who's looking to try something new. They also have a small selection of gifts and coffee-related items on one part of the wall and you can even create a gift box with those items.
If you go here looking for a Starbucks burnt, syrup flavored, and over priced mall latte you will be disappointed. Instead you will find people who love the coffee bean completely from the growerer to the delicious cup in front of you. Rochester is lucky to have this focused artisan roaster and I recommend trying their fare with an open mind. I visit these guys weekly to restock beans, enjoy a real espresso, and learn.
it's a cute place, it does its own thing and I respect it for that. I'm not sure I would ever go back by myself, but I would certainly go back with a group. I went there to write when I suspected Boulder would be too busy (Park Ave fest) and it proved a decent substitute. it's definitely more on the pricey side? But this is niche marketing -- you don't go to a fancy coffee bar because you want microwaved drip coffee! So maybe for you it won't be a downside. I did think it was a little over the top that they actively discouraged people from getting sugar and cream etc. I heard other people told this as I was waiting for my coffee so I felt too self-conscious to ask for it myself, knowing I would be told to just "experience the flavor" knowing full well that I have 0% taste bud receptors for understanding that. For this reason I will probably not be back by myself. While I think it's a neat concept, and I'm sure a lot of people appreciate the flavor fulness, I just want to drink my sugary coffee in peace. :p
I'm not much of a coffee drinker, it's just not my thang.  I do love hot chocolate, but they don't have that either.   They gave me a steamed milk something'or other and it was Fabulous!!  It tasted similar to a Mexican hot chocolate...... If you ever had that, had a little spice to it. They know their coffee and have perfected it over the last 8 years since I've known them, when they started out in the Webster Village on Main St.
After-hours classes and collaborations with local businesses makes this one of my favorites. Along with that - for once one 12oz cup will be enough for an entire day. Check the website for their class schedule!
This place is great if you're looking for something different. This isn't your typical in and out coffee place, and I wouldn't advise trying to run into and out of this place unless you have about 15 minutes at the least to burn. That being said, if you're in for a cool atmosphere with a unique coffee experience than there really is no parallel to this place. The coffee is specially prepared, and they have a variety of different coffee beans, each with their own flavor profiles. I would recommend that everyone that likes interesting cafes try this place. They also have craft beer as well as some interesting coffee preparation equipment.
Pretentious baristas will lecture you about what good coffee is. My italian friend hated the atmosphere there even though the coffee is good. They don't seem to understand what a good cafe is really about.
The coffee was delicious.  They do rockin' coffee flights.   They have a great idea to make a coffee-shop into a social space--like a bar without the alcohol.  They also have cool, ever changing art exhibits. The downside here is the pretension. I got scolded for putting milk in my coffee. Come on now, we are in Rochester, if you wanna put milk in your coffee I say live like you wanna live
I didn't know what coffee was before I went to Joe Bean. Seriously, their coffee has more dimension and complexity to the flavor than I knew was possible. The first time I went in I was confused over picking your brew and then picking your brewing style, but the friendly staff was happy to guide me along and show me the various options. The complex flavor of the coffee comes down to the actual bean and the brewing. There are no artificial flavors or added sugar. Even if you don't like black coffee, you will like their black coffee. At least give it a try. The guys that own the place really know their stuff. I view them as sommeliers of coffee. In addition to great coffee, they also offer some great beer and wine choices. It is the perfect place to have a relaxed conversation over an outstanding beverage. I haven't tried their food yet, but I imagine it is delicious. Definitely give this place a try if you are looking for a fun and unique drinking experience!
"You moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Rochester! You just downgraded in life soooooo badly!"- Some kids at a Rochester Radio Shack on my move I am from the Bay Area, moved, and no my life is not in shambles. I moved for love, but all I really need is a great cafe, a good Vietnamese restaurant, and home of my own to feel in place anywhere. Great coffee at a cafe can be a gamble. I am from the SF Bay Area, the land of Blue Bottle Coffee, cold press before it became de riguer in all cafes, coffee as an art,  third wave "direct trade" cafes, and "don't you even think about flavor shots for your coffee". Simply said, Joe Bean lived up to the local ROC hype and won the Bay Area Coffee snob over. Great coffee, passionate and knowledgeable baristas, and beautiful cafe space. The food is even good! Come on to Joe Bean, the coffee is roasting and waiting.
Just tried the flight of their coffees: Ethiopian, Peruvian and Nicaraguan. Perfect way to decide what to buy for our French press! The Peruvian was the favorite and apparently a lot of other people love it too because they only had 2 bags left. Rory was our barista and took his time brewing the flight to perfection, and it's only $7. The other staff member also gave us a card to help us with the coffee proportions for the press. This is one of the only places that I can handle black coffee, and genuinely enjoy the flavor. I have to admit that I did get one of the espresso chocolate chip biscotti to get my sugar fix! Their charcuterie boards are decent too. One of the best parts about enjoying a daytime caffeine fix is the gorgeous natural sunlight that comes through the large windows. This place has a nice, clean, 'less is more' simplicity to be appreciated. Stop in here for a lovely afternoon, or for one of their Nexus night events
Coffee and chocolate flights are great for sharing!! Fantastic ambience, great service, and amazing coffee.
Such a great little spot and I love the seats outside although university Ave doesn't leave much to look at. Great cold Kyoto coffee and love the chemex. I know it probably isn't up to their high standards but would love a hot coffee option that I could grab quicker though...maybe it would be less quality and that's why they don't do it. Good ham croissant as well
If you like quality coffee, tea, beer and wine, then this is your Rochester paradise. Top it off with a cozy atmosphere where you can actually carry a conversation with your friends, and you may struggle with going anywhere else. I've read reviews where people have accused Joe Bean of being pretentious, which must be based on an inability to broaden ones horizons.  There is a reason why they don't make foo foo drinks like Starbucks or Tim Hortons, it's called quality.  When you scour the world for the best coffee beans, roast and grind them in house, and spend anywhere from 5 minutes to 24+ hours to make a cup of coffee, you have earned the right to ensure that coffee is served correctly, BLACK. It's not like you would order a piece of Kobe beef and slather it with A-1!   I also love that Joe Bean works with other great Rochester businesses, like Roc Brew, The Revelry, and Small World Bakery.  If you haven't checked them out yet, stop reading this and get there right now. You won't be sorry that you did!
We were here couple times for coffee and every single visit was a treat. These people apparently knows what they are doing! Great collections of coffee beans and ways of making it, it is just unbelievable. We bought a pound of Costa Rica beans for our siphon brewer and it just turn out so fruity and delicious. The "baristas" were very gentle and polite and best yet they know how to brew a cup of good coffee! Please stop by if you are in searching of a decent coffee shop in town!
I guaranty you that cannot find better coffee in town! I am a coffee lover and I have tried mostly all coffee shops! Take any coffee you want. I prefer Hario with Columbia.Espresso is the best one here!
I wear my full black rimmed glasses when I know I'm going to Joe Bean just so I can pretend to be awesomely hipster. I can't pronounce half of the coffees they have, and just ask for a small pot of whatever the hell they recommend that day. It's always coffee and that's always fine with me.
Joe Bean is doing what no other coffee shop in this area is doing. If you're an aficionado of the bean, this is the place for you. This means that customers who are looking for a quick caramel latte to-go will be disappointed. It's not exactly geared towards this customer base - be forewarned! Joe Bean is a place to learn about all the flavors, textures and mechanisms of coffee roasting and brewing. The staff have quite an expensive set up there with equipment that looks more suited to an organic chemistry laboratory than coffeeshop! The first time I watched my siphon coffee being made, I was suddenly transported back to orgo lab and those damn fractional distillations where my yield was never sufficient. This coffee, however, is worth the wait. Depth and texture without too much bitterness or acidity. No cream to mask the flavors. They have cold Kyoto coffee, which I definitely recommend trying - it's made by drip for 18 hours. Oh no, these guys aren't fooling around! The downsides to Joe Bean are that the service can take awhile because of the inherently laborious nature of it, and while the staff are welcoming and friendly, there is more of a "come see our passion" vibe rather than "come relax and have a beverage" vibe. I think this distinction is what may put people off. However, having a vision and achieving it means that you will inevitably alienate some people and, you know what, that's okay. Joe Bean has a few beers on draft, a few in bottles, a smattering of wines and a few nibbles to go with their coffee menu. The decor is rustic industrial - very trendy - and while there is an indie hipster ambiance, it's definitely not oppressively so. It's relaxed and comfortable. Check it out when you have some time to spare and want to learn something new!
While I'm sure that my palate for coffee will never be as sophisticated as that of Joe Bean regulars, I do appreciate good coffee. Joe Bean has opened my eyes to the science and art of coffee. The people at Joe Bean really take pride in this artistry and I respect that. To the untrained eye, the place seems almost like an apothecary. Seemingly brewing coffee in an Erlenmeyer Bulb (nerd alert), I initially thought the place was gimmicky. That was until I tasted their coffee. Now I'm a firm believer. Make no mistake, they certainly know what they are doing. Joe Bean is the Walter White of the coffee game. Now I have no qualms drinking Joe Bean coffee the way it's supposed to be, without added cream or sugar. I can't swear off Starbucks or even Dunkin Donuts coffee entirely, but i'll be back to Joe Bean more frequently for a more sophisticated brew. It's definitely the premier spot in Rochester to grab quality coffee. A handful of my coworkers swear by it and will not buy beans anywhere else.They also offer wines and draft beers specially picked by the owners. I was able to try some of their beers and wines and they were all excellent. While I never thought I would grab an adult beverage at a coffee shop, I think Joe Bean will change this, as it's definitely not just your typical neighborhood coffee shop.
I really really wanted to like this place. It's conveniently located and super cool looking. The vibe inside is great. I went in the morning before work. No line! YES! I didn't really see a menu like I'm used to so I spoke with the counter person and asked if they had some sort of mocha-type drink. His response? No. Wait, what? You don't have anything with flavor shots? No. Ok... so I started feeling like a weirdo who doesn't frequent coffee shops, and I was pretty sure that everyone in the shop (2 people and the counter guy) was looking at me. [They weren't. They were minding minding their own business and enjoying their own coffee drinks.] The counter guy could tell by the dumbfounded look on my face that I needed help. He suggested a coffee where they put maple syrup in it for flavor. Since I didn't just want to do the awkward robot out of there with no coffee in hand I accepted. It was the worst. I don't know if the maple syrup ruined the coffee or if the coffee wasn't my taste to begin with. I will say, I now realize this is the point of this place, but it just wasn't what I wanted in the morning. After reading all the comments about the other wonderful things I can experience here, I will come back. I just probably wont get any coffee.
Serious about coffee? Want everything in your coffee and dining experience to be at a serious artisinal level? Joe Bean is the place.  Beautifully roasted and made by a most informed coffee collective, that tends lovingly to each of its beans, and gives as a result each of its customers probably the best coffee they've ever had.
I'm not much of a coffee drinker myself, but this is where I bring my coffee snob friends for a good cup while they're in town. They're always entranced by the aromas, selection, brewing methods, and of course, taste. On my most recent visit my friend pointed out how she knew the staff was legit. Not because of their immense knowledge (though they have that) or because of the delicious coffee they produce, but because they all rock some fine facial hair. Not just any mustaches (because any hipster can have that), but finely groomed and curly ones. I'm not sure how this relates to good coffee, but I'll trust her judgement. Seems like they have a lot of cool events going on, too. Oh, and I do want to stop in again to try their beer.
I honestly don't know how to write this without gushing like a tween fangirl! My wife and I were in Rochester for a couple weekdays back in November 2013 and on a fateful morning adventure we stopped in at Joe Bean. What an incredible experience from start to finish. As many other reviewers have mentioned, the staff was very friendly and willing to share their knowledge of the craft; unfortunately, they were 100% overshadowed by the phenomenal quality of the coffee and food that they prepared! Highlights include their syphon-brewed Nicaragua Don Roger and the blue cheese, honey, and toast plate. The experience we had was as close to perfect as I have ever encountered in the food service domain. It is clear that this organization understands the value of presenting the customer with the best possible product, prepared with concentration, skill, and passion. If you are combing through the reviews of places to try in Rochester, like we were at one point, stop! you have found it!
Joe Bean? I LOVE Joe Bean! LOVE IT, I SAY. Friendly staff, comfortable science-lab-meets-art-house-style atmosphere, and HOMG coffee. These guys have helped to educate me in the complexity and joy of a single-origin coffee (even without sugar or milk!  *gasp*) I still love their beautiful and tasty cappuccinos though... mmm cappuccino. I also enjoy their food/drink pairings (chocolate and coffee is so fun - just nibble a little bit of one chocolate for each coffee, then move through to the next chocolate. It's amazing to see how the different pairings emphasize different areas of the flavor profile.) BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE! They don't just offer coffee and chocolate. They have wines, beer, artisan cheese and charcuterie, vegan/vegetarian baked goods from Small World Foods/Bakery. Some may complain about the hipster-vibe... I barely know what a hipster is! All that matters to me is feeling comfortable and enjoying some coffee on a Saturday morning. Joe Bean is a place where you can take your time, read, study, draw, browse the web or otherwise relax. It's a great little place to sit, chill, and sip your coffee. I don't go to Joe Bean when I'm in a rush - You can't rush this kind of care and quality. It's just not fair to them or yourself. I've been one to ask for sugar and milk in my coffee in the past. I know it upsets them. I know that what they do is an art form. It's like taking Beethoven's 9th and saying "That's pretty good... but it needs more cowbell." Once you can truly taste and appreciate the nuances of the coffee, you realize how much the milk and sugar obfuscates all of the gorgeous flavors that they've worked so hard to capture and serve to you. If you want super-fast service with no care or interest in a consistent quality product that is made just for you to drown with with cream and sugar, that's what you'll find at Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, and Tim Hortons. Save your stressful morning rush for those breakfast/coffee chains. Or eliminate the stress completely by grabbing a bottle of Joe Bean's Kyoto cold brew coffee - that way you can support a local business (and if you mix cream and sugar at home, they'll never have to know!)
This is a fascinating place -- the definition of a coffee BAR. You know when you visit a city and look for the places that the locals frequent because you know those are the good ones? This is one of those places. It was said in another review, and I will echo it. Do not come here if you are just passing by and want a quick hit-me-up coffee. They take their coffee seriously here. Clean, charming ambience, friendly staff, reasonably priced, and coffee like you've never had it before. I will definitely come back when I am in town.
Cheers to the server who told me to try the coffee black. I'm sure asking for cream was blasphemous. But, I'm glad I tried it black. It was the first time I've ever enjoyed it that way. It probably has something to do with the way they carefully hand pour each mini-pot of coffee for their customers. Maybe not the best place to stop if you're in a rush. For the patient coffee sippers, this is your place. Also, if you're desperate for some caffeine rejuvenation, go here now. I was vibrating after drinking my mini pot of joe.   I learned more about coffee in the few minutes that I chatted with the barista than I had in years of working in coffee shops in my high school and college years. It's a cute little spot. Another great location to work away from home. I'm going to stop by for another visit to pick up some beans for our french press and maybe try one of their coffee stouts.
In the words of a good friend and regular, "It is a superior cup of coffee." This was his justification to try Joe Bean in response to my complaint that it was a out of my way between home and work. For better or for worse, I tried Joe Bean and I love coffee again. I have been drinking tea almost exclusively for the last 2 1/2 years, but the coffee is so fresh and so well brewed that I have to go in for a cup (or two) once in a while. Once they made a mistake and gave me a Latte, but even that was great. I drank it anyway. They also have 2 excellent taps. The music is a little indie-alternative -  the good melodic kind, not the annoying purposefully arrhythmic kind. I love that walking to the bathroom you can see the clean back storeroom with stacks of 50 lb bags of beans and the roaster. For the cyclists, there are numerous curbside bike racks. The only negative is the location - it's in some converted factory turned office building that is a drive or bike ride from almost anywhere. A place this good should be an anchor for a main city street. Even as a Buffalonian, I don't feel bad saying Joe Bean kicks Spot's ass...but only a little bit.
This place is, like, Hipsterville, USA. I mean, the guy who just left had a three-inch, braided rat tail emerging from the side of his head!   So. Fucking.   Hip. Tribal tattoos, plug-style ear accessories, Apple products, DSLRs, beards...HATS galore! No, of course I'm not cool enough for this place, but I don't feel like anyone's looking down at me for wearing flip flops, which is nice, for a change. In fact, the guy getting coffee right now is streaming a football game on his phone, full blast. Perhaps this (Rochester) isn't the ideal location for a coffee establishment of this magnitude... The website and signage tout this place as a "coffee bar" - you never see the words "cafe" or "coffee house." And there's a reason: this place is set up exactly like a bar. There are no sofas, the only La-Z-Boy in the whole place is me, and all the seating is bar-style (high stools around a central location). The decor consists of well-chosen driftwood, exposed brick, local art, coffee, and coffee accessories. The baristas are more passionate and legitimate (and obsessive) than any other coffee brewers in Rochester; I talked with one at the Brighton Farmers Market once and he said he was going to a baristas' convention in Boston. Is that a real thing? Anyway, the coffee here tastes like it is made by someone who knows what he's doing. My barista informed me that the soy milk he was using in my cappuccino was made especially for baristas. Why? I have no clue. But it was good. The espresso itself was flawless. It's the first time I've voluntarily drunk (yes, it is correct grammar) a cup of coffee without wanting to add sugar. Sure, I was directly influenced by the fact that Joe Bean does not have any sweeteners or creamers directly visible from the counter, but the coffee here is so good and non-bitter that sweetener isn't really necessary. Apart from the expertly brewed espresso drinks, Joe Bean also features two types of cold coffee (Cold Brew - $3.50, Kyoto Slow Drip - $4) and three multiple cup options (32 oz. Chemex - $6.00, 42 oz. French Press - $8.00, 18.6 oz. Syphon - $$8.50). The single cup Hario Pour Over is $3.25 and you can select from three different coffees of the day. Joe Bean also has a variety of locally made baked goods, as well as tiramisu made with Joe Bean's house roasted coffee. This might not be the best coffee shop for studying, but it is probably the best place I've ever been to for coffee.
Easily my favorite coffee shop in Rochester.....on second thought it actually seems inadequate to call Joe Bean just a coffee shop. I'd say it is more of Rochester's coffee mecca and the place that rises above the pack with their service and quality. No frills coffee done properly with baristas who really care about their craft and make the experience a complete joy. Joe Bean has a very comfortable environment to sit down and savor your drink with rotating art on the walls. I don't disagree that it can be a bit hipster-y at times, but I have never felt out of place sitting down and talking with the baristas or the other patrons. Since the opening of their bar last year, I have gone through most of their different profile roasted varieties of coffee with my Aeropress at home (Mexican Chiapas is my favorite) and have sat down bunches of times to leisurely enjoy coffee made fresh for me. Either by pourover, espresso shots or their unique for Rochester Kyoto cold brew coffee I'm always happy walking away knowing that I just enjoyed the best coffee products in town. The Kyoto really produces a coffee unlike any other with an extra rich taste that is hard to get any other way. Highly recommended and always innovating with their products and offerings, if you love coffee you have to go to Joe Bean!
Joe Bean is by all means the best coffee shop in Rochester.  The baristas take their work very seriously and it definitely pays off.  Everything I have ever had there is exceptional, but my favorite has to be their Harios.  There are always new and interesting blends and specialty drinks that are served with friendly expertise and often times comprehensive explanations if you're looking to learn about the processes/coffee sciences.  They also have a great wine/beer selection for when you're looking for a different kind of pick-me-up.  Local art is displayed around the cozy shop and there is always a diverse (and just loud enough) musical selection, making it at beautiful place to catch up with friends.  Joe Bean is one of my favorite weekend traditions.
I don't even like coffee, but the brew process here is an entertaining art form. The staff is knowledgeable, so I think of it more as going on an educational field trip. I re-visited them to gather more of the local single source chocolate bars they carry (which I discovered at a YELP elite event). Although I don't partake in the dark brown brew if anyone asks to meet for coffee or a coffee recommendation this is where I send them.
Honestly, superior, consistent service cup after cup. The staff is friendly and well presented and groomed. No hippies here! Delish treats, fresh and local coffee, all your favorite frilly drinks made with perfection and a smile. Place is clean and cozy. I've spread the word on this gem in Rochester. A bunch of my coworkers and friends rave about this place! Love it! I go about 3-4 times per week! One time i went twice in one day! Great place! Keep up good work! I will be back!
I honestly don't know how to write this without gushing like a tween fangirl! My wife and I were in Rochester for a couple weekdays back in November 2013 and on a fateful morning adventure we stopped in at Joe Bean. What an incredible experience from start to finish. As many other reviewers have mentioned, the staff was very friendly and willing to share their knowledge of the craft; unfortunately, they were 100% overshadowed by the phenomenal quality of the coffee and food that they prepared! Highlights include their syphon-brewed Nicaragua Don Roger and the blue cheese, honey, and toast plate. The experience we had was as close to perfect as I have ever encountered in the food service domain. It is clear that this organization understands the value of presenting the customer with the best possible product, prepared with concentration, skill, and passion. If you are combing through the reviews of places to try in Rochester, like we were at one point, stop! you have found it!
Joe Bean? I LOVE Joe Bean! LOVE IT, I SAY. Friendly staff, comfortable science-lab-meets-art-house-style atmosphere, and HOMG coffee. These guys have helped to educate me in the complexity and joy of a single-origin coffee (even without sugar or milk!  *gasp*) I still love their beautiful and tasty cappuccinos though... mmm cappuccino. I also enjoy their food/drink pairings (chocolate and coffee is so fun - just nibble a little bit of one chocolate for each coffee, then move through to the next chocolate. It's amazing to see how the different pairings emphasize different areas of the flavor profile.) BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE! They don't just offer coffee and chocolate. They have wines, beer, artisan cheese and charcuterie, vegan/vegetarian baked goods from Small World Foods/Bakery. Some may complain about the hipster-vibe... I barely know what a hipster is! All that matters to me is feeling comfortable and enjoying some coffee on a Saturday morning. Joe Bean is a place where you can take your time, read, study, draw, browse the web or otherwise relax. It's a great little place to sit, chill, and sip your coffee. I don't go to Joe Bean when I'm in a rush - You can't rush this kind of care and quality. It's just not fair to them or yourself. I've been one to ask for sugar and milk in my coffee in the past. I know it upsets them. I know that what they do is an art form. It's like taking Beethoven's 9th and saying "That's pretty good... but it needs more cowbell." Once you can truly taste and appreciate the nuances of the coffee, you realize how much the milk and sugar obfuscates all of the gorgeous flavors that they've worked so hard to capture and serve to you. If you want super-fast service with no care or interest in a consistent quality product that is made just for you to drown with with cream and sugar, that's what you'll find at Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, and Tim Hortons. Save your stressful morning rush for those breakfast/coffee chains. Or eliminate the stress completely by grabbing a bottle of Joe Bean's Kyoto cold brew coffee - that way you can support a local business (and if you mix cream and sugar at home, they'll never have to know!)
Serious about coffee? Want everything in your coffee and dining experience to be at a serious artisinal level? Joe Bean is the place.  Beautifully roasted and made by a most informed coffee collective, that tends lovingly to each of its beans, and gives as a result each of its customers probably the best coffee they've ever had.
This is a fascinating place -- the definition of a coffee BAR. You know when you visit a city and look for the places that the locals frequent because you know those are the good ones? This is one of those places. It was said in another review, and I will echo it. Do not come here if you are just passing by and want a quick hit-me-up coffee. They take their coffee seriously here. Clean, charming ambience, friendly staff, reasonably priced, and coffee like you've never had it before. I will definitely come back when I am in town.
In the words of a good friend and regular, "It is a superior cup of coffee." This was his justification to try Joe Bean in response to my complaint that it was a out of my way between home and work. For better or for worse, I tried Joe Bean and I love coffee again. I have been drinking tea almost exclusively for the last 2 1/2 years, but the coffee is so fresh and so well brewed that I have to go in for a cup (or two) once in a while. Once they made a mistake and gave me a Latte, but even that was great. I drank it anyway. They also have 2 excellent taps. The music is a little indie-alternative -  the good melodic kind, not the annoying purposefully arrhythmic kind. I love that walking to the bathroom you can see the clean back storeroom with stacks of 50 lb bags of beans and the roaster. For the cyclists, there are numerous curbside bike racks. The only negative is the location - it's in some converted factory turned office building that is a drive or bike ride from almost anywhere. A place this good should be an anchor for a main city street. Even as a Buffalonian, I don't feel bad saying Joe Bean kicks Spot's ass...but only a little bit.
Welcome to Portlandia!  Seriously though, the coffee is expensive and very good.  This is a hipster joint to be sure but it is quite nice.  do not go for a quick cup of coffee, sit relax and sip some very very good coffee.  I'll be going back for a friday night snack and coffee with my husband. Much nicer than hanging in a bar on a Friday.
This place is, like, Hipsterville, USA. I mean, the guy who just left had a three-inch, braided rat tail emerging from the side of his head!   So. Fucking.   Hip. Tribal tattoos, plug-style ear accessories, Apple products, DSLRs, beards...HATS galore! No, of course I'm not cool enough for this place, but I don't feel like anyone's looking down at me for wearing flip flops, which is nice, for a change. In fact, the guy getting coffee right now is streaming a football game on his phone, full blast. Perhaps this (Rochester) isn't the ideal location for a coffee establishment of this magnitude... The website and signage tout this place as a "coffee bar" - you never see the words "cafe" or "coffee house." And there's a reason: this place is set up exactly like a bar. There are no sofas, the only La-Z-Boy in the whole place is me, and all the seating is bar-style (high stools around a central location). The decor consists of well-chosen driftwood, exposed brick, local art, coffee, and coffee accessories. The baristas are more passionate and legitimate (and obsessive) than any other coffee brewers in Rochester; I talked with one at the Brighton Farmers Market once and he said he was going to a baristas' convention in Boston. Is that a real thing? Anyway, the coffee here tastes like it is made by someone who knows what he's doing. My barista informed me that the soy milk he was using in my cappuccino was made especially for baristas. Why? I have no clue. But it was good. The espresso itself was flawless. It's the first time I've voluntarily drunk (yes, it is correct grammar) a cup of coffee without wanting to add sugar. Sure, I was directly influenced by the fact that Joe Bean does not have any sweeteners or creamers directly visible from the counter, but the coffee here is so good and non-bitter that sweetener isn't really necessary. Apart from the expertly brewed espresso drinks, Joe Bean also features two types of cold coffee (Cold Brew - $3.50, Kyoto Slow Drip - $4) and three multiple cup options (32 oz. Chemex - $6.00, 42 oz. French Press - $8.00, 18.6 oz. Syphon - $$8.50). The single cup Hario Pour Over is $3.25 and you can select from three different coffees of the day. Joe Bean also has a variety of locally made baked goods, as well as tiramisu made with Joe Bean's house roasted coffee. This might not be the best coffee shop for studying, but it is probably the best place I've ever been to for coffee.
Very nicely done coffee bar in a somewhat minimalist, clean style. Very microroasted (at least compared to everyone else in Rochester ) coffee that is roasted to individual profile not formula or standard one size fits all timing. Lovely Japanese cold brewed/infused coffee ( which is slowly infused and dripped over 8-12 hours), hot coffee prepared lovingly, and possibly obsessively, by the individual serving, with great ceremony and attention to every detail then served in individual carafes and in tasting cups. For true coffee aficionados , who enjoy a truly handcrafted coffee both in process and result it doesn't get much better than this. They will also be doing coffee classes to teach you all about coffee and how to brew he best possible coffee at home. Think of it as not only the best place to get a cup but the best place to learn to make our own too.
There's some kind of god-damned SCIENCE going on in this coffee shop, of the likes I don't quite understand but clearly requires a lot of measuring. You don't need to listen to the baristas' monologues to see that they pay a great deal of attention to things like temperatures, weights, volumes and times. There is a proven method to coffee nirvana and that is what they do. But if you do care to listen, you may just learn something--I, personally, was stupefied. And it was one bad-ass cup of coffee.
Lives up to the Yelp reviews! I was in Rochester for a work training and had a trainer recommend this place to me. Went there and had great coffee...though it was a little pricey. $3.25 or a small pour over. Other than that, totally worth it. Great vibe, lots of classes offered for interested customers, friendly baristas, and overall a great experience. Highly recommend if you're in the Rochester area.
I've been wanting to visit Joe Bean for some time. I enjoyed the Webster location and was sad when it closed. My friend and I tried the daily selection coffee flight and also the cheese plate. We really enjoyed both. It was fun not only to watch them brew our coffee but also to sample each selection much like wine tasting. The cheese plate consisted of three very different cheeses along with some bread. It was all very fresh and surprisingly went well with the coffee. The place although somewhat small was warm and cozy. The service was prompt and attentive. Our server was kind enough to inform us that they offer classes regularly. My only complaint would be that their food offerings are somewhat limited. All in all, I really enjoyed my experience and I'm not even a regular coffee drinker. I would definitely return. Seems like a great place for a date.
good coffee 4 lotsa $$. No blender:-( A great cup of offee, for sure, but that's about it. It's pretty much a temple to coffee afficianados, but unless you are really, REALLY into coffee (as a few of the customers here obviously are..), you may find the place a bit lacking in decor, location, and selection. A place like this would work better in a location where there are restaurants nearby (since they don't serve food), which makes me wonder if this place is really going to be viable. Somehow, I doubt many people will trudge through the snow all the way to this door just for an excellent cup of coffee. I could be wrong, but I've seen better places in better location go under.
if you like you coffee black and pretentious and do not mind waiting a minimum of 15 minutes for your brew then it is 5 stars.  Nice interior, cool art on display, but not a place with furniture you can relax and lounge on. a lot of high bar stool seating. If you like cream or sugar in your coffee this is not your place. If you like to pretend there is some secret brew methods that reveal secret hidden flavors in coffee then you will love it here.
Relaxing atmosphere. Wide selection of coffee, tea, and others. Take a break from the buzz of east/park.
Coffee is so fresh and is brought to you looking beautiful as ever. Awesome atmosphere to socialize, write, or do work. Very welcoming place to be as well.
Im a coffee lover, but this place is out of my league. The coffee is good, but more complex and pretentious than it needs to be. It's coffee folks, it doesn't need a song and dance. The snack options were healthy and I liked that.
Joe Bean is by far my favorite coffee shop in Rochester. I'm no coffee expert, but immediately could taste something special when I tried their coffee. Absolutely amazing! The staff are very friendly, professional, passionate, and courteous. I love to meet with clients and business partners here and to drop in to get some work done.
I get trying to carve out a niche in a crowded field, but,  $7.50 for lukewarm coffee and an ok latte is a bit much. This ain't midtown NY.
Could fit right in with the best shops in Boston and NYC. Manual brew by pour over, chemex, or clever; iced coffee by slow drip or ice brew (and Stumptown-style bottled to go); shots on a lever machine, local milk... in Rochester??
This isn't the first coffee shop of it's kind i have been to so I (kind of) knew what to expect when going here.  This place is definitely like a bar, as every cup is made to order, which does make the price tag seem a little more worth it.  I got a pour over cold brew, which was shaken in ice but not actually served over ice.  Granted it's my fault for being accustomed to the cream and sugar type of coffee so this was a bit much for me.  Also, it was a hot day and the cold brew got warm fast because there was no ice.  I definitely appreciate this places eccentricity but I don't really think it will be a regular stop for me.
Great coffee shop in Rochester with vegan options (soy milk, vegan treats). Woman owned small business, a definite awesome alternative to the coffee chains. Artwork on walls, friendly staff and they sell coffee making items.
Coffee as it was meant to be.  So great.
Don't tell javas, I think I'm about to have an affair. These guys really care about their coffee and it shows. They meticulously craft each cup they brew and even explain what you should be tasting. The hours are the only thing this establishment lacks. This is all made up for by the inviting atmosphere and excellent coffee though. lives up to all the hype I've heard.
Different coffee beans and tea from all over the world pairing plates and all kind off home coffee makers the art work has deep history and the price is good open area with the lab too chill in so stop by and check this place out and meet James and wade
Thank god for Joe Bean!! We moved from Durham/Chapel Hill a few years ago. When we moved to Rochester this year, we were crestfallen that we were not going to get our favorite Counter Culture coffee any more. That is until someone recommended Joe Bean! No, this is not your run of the mill coffee chain like Starbucks or Boulder, this is coffee made to taste good. Coffee here is made slowly at the correct temperature and consistency to get the maximum flavor. We have not been disappointed so far, we even buy our beans from here, our one guilty pleasure every morning.
As an avid cyclist and self proclaimed espresso freak...this place makes excellent espresso. I'm a fan of indie coffee shops for sure, love supporting Roc business as well.
Best Coffee in Rochester, and probably in all of upstate NY. In one sitting I had two machiatos (just couldn't believe how good the first one was that I had to have a second!) and a cup of Ethiopian Yergachef -- splendid!
great coffee shop.  The only place I know that roasts their beans on-site.  The can brew coffee using most any brew method.  I learned a lot just talking to the staff and now I make great coffee at home, which I pick up from Joe Beans on the day of roasting.
Best cup of coffee I've ever had! The brewing process was unique with the chemex glass coffee maker. The coffee is served in a wine glass! It wasn't just drinking coffee it was a full experience. The barista was very helpful, the coffee he recommended was spot on. Perfect way to spend a Sunday afternoon!
Best coffee in Rochester. They roast the beans there too, so good! Love the attention and quality while making a great cup.
I think I am one of Joe beans most dedicated fans. There really is no place like in Rochester and it is one of the places I will miss the most when I move back to Connecticut. If you're looking for unique interesting delicious brewed coffee then Joe bean is the way to go. with various brewing methods like traditional pour over, sipohn, French press, or chemex, as well as traditional espresso drinks, you are sure to get your caffeine fix in a delicious unique way. They're also now serving  great wines and beers, cheese plates, baked goods, and croissants from: flour city Bread Company on the weekends. I always buy their beans to take home, but nothing beats spending the afternoon there.  The baristas are so dedicated to good coffee and very knowledgeable. My only complaint is that Often when I have brought new people who may be are not so coffee culture conscious, I have definitely noticed that they receive a sudden change in attitude from some of the baristas they ask for sugar with their coffee.
The coffee here is on par with the best places in New York, Seattle, Pittsburgh, Chicago and so on. The baristas are super knowledgeable, dedicated and most importantly, friendly. I don't pick up on the "too hip" vibe that another reviewer was talking about in this cafe. It's a fine place to hang out and I've only ever seen regular folks in here. True, the sugar is not in plain sight, but my sister asked for some and the barista whipped out a whole sugar tray with spoons and several types of sweetener for her to choose from. The prices may seem high, but they are most definitely matched by the quality of the coffee. If you get one of their larger options (such as the 32oz chemex) to share then the price isn't so bad. The location isn't the best, but I suspect they chose it because it was cheaper than the storefronts down by Park Ave and has a parking lot. On the other hand, I have walked here from points westward, so I wouldn't say it's too farflung. But I haven't seen many other pedestrians in the area. Like I said earlier, I like to hang out here. It's quiet and a good place to talk. But for people watching or a generally fun atmosphere, it's nothing like Java's downtown. If you like outstanding coffee, this is the pinnacle of the Rochester area (no competition) and beats the heck out of any place in Buffalo as well.
Great atmosphere - in a funky old warehouse type building. Great baristas-design with no foam on Cappucinos!! Bfast type food is wholesome and very good! I had the artisan slice with blue cheese and honey- tasty!
This gem of a cafe has everything that I could possibly wish for: high-quality coffee beans roasted on the premises; brewed coffee by your choice of French press, pour-over, or siphon methods; an espresso bar featuring a beautiful manual-lever machine; and expert baristas who know how to employ all of this stuff in order to create sublime coffee beverages. The owner's passion for coffee is evident in every detail, and it rewards all who visit this superlative cafe.
Had a soy cappuccino for about $4. The barista let me know that they use a soy milk with a higher fat content, so that it foams better. The finished product tasted great and they used a bold espresso. The atmosphere was pretty comfortable but I was bummed to not find any couches. Everything is a bar type table with reused wood. I was also disappointed to not have any large table surfaces since I came out to spread out and work. I was surprised to see that they served beer and wine as well so that explained the bar tables.
Great service! The server was very polite. The wait was a bit long, but it was totally worth it. Amazing coffee brewed in a variety of styles. Also, this is not a normal coffee chain, which is a good thing! They put a lot of effort into every cup and it shows. The coffee is also at a decent price (compared to here at RIT). Thank you Joe Bean for the greatest cup Ive had so far!
