I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now, bc it seems to be the only place besides White Swan (I can no longer go to white swan bc my gf found a gross buh shell in her food, so now I'm grossed out) that does Bubble tea. I've only given 4 stars bc we really didn't have a variety of foods First the Bubble tea. Decided on the Thai Tea Bubble tea, bc my friend asked to taste it and it was delicious. The boba balls were a little more chewy than I like but was still delicious. I had a won ton soup, and crab Rangoon, and chicken fried rice, my friend ordered vegetable fried rice. All of that was delicious. The next time I go, I will be trying the hot pot since that's what it is famous for and a strawberry bubble tea. Place seemed very clean, service was good. And all the food was hot and tasted fresh
Fun expierence.  I had Spicy Broth with various items (mushrooms, sausage, and the base plate).  Wasn't a big fan of the spicy broth, should have gotten more noodles.... or dumplings.... or something.  I'll try it again and make some different choices.   I sat at the counter and got to watch them make like 50 containers of bubble tea. Very Entertaining.
We had an online coupon so we thought we would give "Hot Pot" a try. I had the spicy pot which was very tasty and added some sauces, garlic and scallions from the nice sauce bar. Each pot come with a small veggie plate including an egg. We got the chicken and beef and rice and veggie noodle. We have plenty of leftovers for another meal. Taro Bubble tea was excellent. Nice to try. On a side note - I have had Chinese take-out here in the past and really enjoy the healthier versions of General Tao and Sesame Chicken (Not breaded and fried - Just ask for it) and enjoy that they offer brown rice for only $1.00 more with combos.
Wanted something different. Never tried a hot pot type of restaurant. It was definitely different. Awkward at first but once I figured it out it was a fun experience. Not the type of place to eat all the time, but will definitely go back on occasion.
I am a Chinese to come to Rochester to attend a test. I am so happy to find a Chinese restuarant, however it dispoints me. The taste terrible and the service is so bad. The woman, maybe the manager , act as if she is the queen. Very unfriendly tells us to wait for guidance. I think the reason she can act like this is because she regards us as students. Actually we just be here two weeks ago, and we can accept the bad taste, but can not accept the bad rude behavior
It was my worst restaurant experience in Roc. The food tasted weird today (i think the tofu skin went bad)and the portion was MUCH MUCH less than before. After arguing.with the manager, he gave us 10% off, however, add a 18% service on our bill. The waitress stop refilling our drinks and checking on us ever since, and I cannot believe they could ever to customers! I will never ever go to this restaurant!
I love this place. Their general tso's chicken and lo mein are packed with flavor. They also give you a free egg roll with any dinner combo. I really like how their food is not awfully greasy and heavy. Pho here is also quite good. Its pretty small and expensive, but pretty freaking delicious.
Once again, our visit to Yummy Hot Pot rewarded my wife and I with memorable meals. My Won Ton soup was excellent, as was my Veggie Egg Roll. The Kung Po Chicken and vegetables were tender and tasty. My wife enjoyed her meal (which, frankly escapes me,  because I was too interested in my own)too, and because the portion was plentiful, we brought a good deal of it home. I've tried a couple of different dishes here, and haven't been disappointed yet. The waitress's are attentive and knowledgeable. Go see for yourself.
We came in around 2 p.m. In the afternoon. The place was not very busy and we decided to order regular Chinese food rather than they're hot pot style option. The food was not great but the service was good. Their food was a little bit confusing because they had Thai food Chinese food and some American Chinese food as well. They also had Vietnamese noodle soup available. The quality was about 7 out of 10 stars.
I've been this place several times, love their hot pot. Everyone has own pot with a veggie plate. Many types of sources can be chosen. Also, I used coupon tonight. Great service. The reason I didn't get five stars is their portion of food become less than before.
Tons of fun! Great for a dinner out with a couple friends. You get a lot with each side, so it's better to share. Delicious!
Best hot pot in the upstate of New York! I love their sauce. Meat and vegatable are really good and fresh.
The hot pot side of Yummy Garden is quite the experience. It's not traditional, it's different, and fun. The spicy broth is my favorite, and the food is filling.
I ordered General Tso's chicken and fried rice, hot and sour soup and chicken and rice soup. The good: General Tso's chicken was probably the best I've had in Rochester, spicy!!! The meh: Hot and sour soup. Was more beefy flavored than I like. The bad: Chicken and rice soup had absolutely no flavor :/
I love to cook. I love to eat out. Here, you get the best of both worlds! Here's the lowdown for all you hot pot virgins: you pick what type of broth you'd like first. From there, you can add in veggies, meats, seafood, and noodles. Don't forget about the awesome sauce bar to enhance your (hopefully) delicious concoction. You control the heat and what goes into the pot. The meat and noodle options are easily shareable between two people. They also give you a plate of assorted veggies and tofu with your broth. So far, my favorite concoction has been the healthy herb broth with chicken and udon noodles. Aside from the hot pot menu, their pork belly buns are surprisingly good! It really is a fun experience that everyone should try at least once. Don't forget to take advantage of the check-in offer here!
this place is awesome. the hot pot is the best the kim chi is the best the mala is the best.
Came here for dinner.  Didn't get to try the hotpot.. yet.. we arrived pretty late. But I have hands down decided that this is the best Asian Fusion restaurant that Rochester has to offer (just stay away from the wonton soup at all costs).  They even have boba (called "bubble tea" here). Prompt service.  Good company.  Pad Thai worked great with sriracha and lime.  Huge, piping hot bowls of Mala and pho.  Everything smelled and tasted delicious.  Sauce bar was a fun way to add flavor to your meals, or even just plain rice.  Get the Tom Yum soup! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu... and bobas!
I loved shabu shabu! Since I am 7 hours away from New York City, this has been my go to spot to get my craving. The price here is more then the NYC but since NYC is 7 hours away it worth it! It get four star not because of the server which can use some work but for their unique style of Asian cuisine for the area! The only reasons, I could see people rating this place less is the service which can lack some of the days. I remember having to flag down the waitress for the bill (you think they be quicker with money)! The next thing is probably the bubble tea! I remember trying it at Yummy Garden. The first time I had it I could not finish it. But I can say it has since improved and last time I finish 2. The hot pot is really expensive for the amount of food you get! I usually have to order some sides to get full. I got the herb pot, spicy pit and kimchi pot! I prefer the spicy pot since the herb and kimchi lacks a kick. I got the fatty beef and it was GREAT! I usually order shrimp dumpling too because they are really good. You also get a side of vegs! The best part is the sauce bar! It is fully loaded and you get to pick your own sauce in little red dishes! Mix the sauce you like for you personal taste.
I generally don't complain. But today the service I endured here was horrible, but the food was good when it finally arrived. Started off with us arriving around 3:30pm. There was plenty wait staff, but nobody paid attention to us.  Our order was put in wrong and it took forever to get it. Then we were ignored for the rest of our meal.   our daughter never got her fried rice. The service is a complete mess. Stay away if you're looking for a quick bite. The service is one star luckily the food made up for it I gave her an extra star. This is a review from my daughter, who is eight years old. My family and i went to the lilac festival and on our way back we stopped at yummy garden as soon as we got there we new our order a half hour later we still didn't have any one to wait our table so we had to call the waitress over to our table and finally we get our order! So i ordered dumplings for an appetizer and fried rice for a main meal. Then an hour later we got our appetizer.  When i finished my dad and mom got their main meal. Another half hour later, i still don't have my fried rice so we called another waiter over to  our table and she said that she didnt hear me--- it is so stupid!!!!:( :(:(:(
It's great that vegetable, rice cake and some other stuffs come with the soup, so you don't have to order another plate of vegetable. Never tried spicy soup/broth. In China there's large hot pot per table (instead of per person) and the pot is usually divided into 2 sections: spicy and not spicy. The dipping sauce is the most important part of hot pot, although in Sichuan and Chongqin, the places famous for hot pot and other spicy dishes, people don't have dipping sauce. I usually choose "fermented bean curd"+sesame oil+garlic. Sometimes sesame sauce+a little soybean sauce+sesame oil. The most ordinary is soybean sauce+Chinese vinegar, which is also used for dumplings. I don't remember whether there's Shacha sauce in the bar, this sauce is from Fujian and usually used for noodles, and also good for hot pot.
Alright get ready for the witch hunt as the masses (you) will act hostile to my review for I have strayed from the path of culinary "good" review and righteousness. You are all Puritans, whereas I am Hester Prynn, except I am not 1) female 2) no form of sexual/perverse occurrence occurred with my food at this spot 3. I am not wearing any marks to show I am an adulterer (in this case a hot pot elitist). And after this scathing review I'm sure a good portion of you will look at me as some type of hot pot elitist, or just some left leaning liberal who wants to destroy 'Merica (I love my country) You have been forewarned... Scroll Below. . . . . . Having not seen my uncle for 2+ years after coming back from working and living in Beijing, China I thought I'd give this spot a try. My uncle and I met at this place for lunch (Thursday Jan 09 2014), as I know my uncle has a sense of adventure when it comes to trying new culinary delights. As I pull into the parking lot and start to walk to the door I looked around and my Asian super powers  started to tingle and telling me "Jay this place looks legit". As I walked in I was greeted by a very friendly waitress, and started to look at the menu along with my uncle. Seeing the fact I am literate in the Chinese lang. I thought "wow this place is authentic, even the menus have it written in Chinese. Got to impress the uncle that my personal growth was not wasted by living and working in China!" And that's when things started to go downhill. I started to notice my surroundings and saw the sauce bar, their sauces especially the sesame sauce and the peanut sauce were too watered down" and definitely did not look anything like the sauces I was accustomed too back in China. Yes a variety of selection but to me it's the quality that counts not the quantity of sauces available. The only legit part were the minced garlic, chopped scallions, and cilantro since these are a staple of any nutritious balanced diet when eating hot pot (full balanced meal for hotpot must have also smoke filled air due to too many 中南海/zhongnanhai cigarettes, 二锅头/erguotou chinese moonshine). I thought alright I'll let this slide after all the tables next to me did have Chinese people eating and conversing, if the Chinatown gangsters (joking, they were more than likely students at UR or RIT) are here to hang out this place must be authentic and legit. And it wasn't. If anything I think these were people who were missing home cooking from China, and had to get an artificial fix for the real thing. My uncle ordered the chicken broth pot, where as I ordered the Sichuan broth for my hot pot. Immediately I took a look at it and realized the soup/broth was definitely sub par to what I've had in other restaurants and I can even make better broth myself at home (it's not that difficult). Simply put the quality was not something to rave about, I've had ramen cup noodles with more flavor. In the "School of hot pot ideology" there tends to be 2 branches of acknowledgment  the Sichuan style with its sub derivative of chongqing hot pot; the Mongolian style hot pot with sub derivatives like beijing hot pot. One tends to focus more on spice and pungent flavors whereas the latter focuses more on meat and the broth made from animal bones with fresh slices of meat. I don't hate any of them, I incorporate them into my love for food (except that now I don't eat meat because I am a vegetarian). Whatever we got did not fall into any of this nor would I consider it even palatable. So i inquired as to where the owner of the place came from and found out he/she was from Fujian province (my grandpa's stomping ground) and I quickly realized definitely does not fit the hot pot schools of ideology I mentioned before (oohhh the horror of my hot pot elitism...is that even a word, elitism?) As for the hot pot it self it does come with a plate which is a mini combo of vegetables/egg/rice cake/mushroom/taro/fish tofu (or just regular tofu?). My uncle and I decided to add others like the fatty beef (actually not bad, but definitely frozen), seaweed (actually good), rice noodles (also known as rice vermicelli), shrimp with skin, more tofu, and two glasses of ginger ale. Overall the extra dishes were okay but not the greatest in terms of quality as someone else here has pointed out prior to my review. I am only giving this place 2 stars and 2 stars only because everything was a disappointment and the only thing that brought it up was the service and friendliness I got from the waitress and waiter. Without those two, this place would have gotten 1 star. Would I come back here again on my own accord, probably not. But if a cold rainy soggy day occurred and people wanted to eat hot pot together I would go. But if people bought the veggies and meat, then I'd have it at my place because my hotpot is is a lot better than this. I have provided photos of our meal for that day, and my authentic hot pot i brought back from China 2 yrs a
First hot pot experience: check! My friends brought me here for my birthday and between the three of us we had a full table of food. At least, I think there was a table under all of that yummy goodness. As of my visit (and checking again today) you can get a free bubble tea with your Yelp check-in. Score! Only one per table, and that tasty drink was mine. I ordered the Healthy Herb Pot and Veggie Combo platter. Be sure to stop by the sauce bar, too. This is a fun experience for a group of friends. Watching each other fumble chopsticks and try to cook the egg are guaranteed laughs.
I have been to Yummy Garden twice. The first time, it was more of a solid 4 star experience. The second time was closer to a 2 star experience and I am not sure there will be a 3rd visit.... 1) Service Visit 1: Great given most tables were occupied. We were greeted right away. Our orders were taken quickly. Our server answered our questions. Food came out promptly. The server had some issues with the Yelp deal but ultimately figured out. Visit 2: We waited for a good 5m before we were acknowledged. The servers were busy chatting with each other. I tried to wave them down and one of them waved back to indicate they would come over....which they did another 5m later and said we have to wait. We were seated soon after but the servers went back to joking/chatting/laughing with each other and we didn't get our orders taken for a while. The food took forever to come out. Given they aren't doing anything but preparing the broth (I am sure all the meats/vegetables were prepped ahead of time since they were ice cold). The server also didn't turn on the burners for the broth....we figured that out ourselves after she just walked away. We saw her doing it for other tables later though. 2) Food On both visits, the food quality was similar. We tried the chicken broth and tom yum broth. The chicken broth was really bland but the tom yum was better. However, the sauce bar meant  you could jazz your food up as desired so I wasn't too bothered about it. However, the way the menu was priced made it easy to order too much just to get a variety, resulting in an unexpectedly high bill. I wish they offered a meat sampler. 3) Sauce bar I was so excited about this! However, they really need to put up at least a few suggested combinations since they have some unusual sauces which don't taste like you expect them to from their name (eg. leek sauce...it did not taste onion-y or leek-y) and some of them were not labelled.  I stuck with my old stand by (fish sauce, cilantro, chilli peppers, garlic) on my 2nd visit after tasting some very unpleasant sauces. 4) Ambiance/Decor Good for going with friends - modern decor and open space. I wouldn't recommend it for a cozy date. It is also really cold. Seriously, so cold.  Wear a thick sweater if you are going during the winter. It is also a very healthy option for eating out. In summary, the service on my last visit was enough to turn me off but the fact that it is healthy might bring me back. However if you have never had hot pot, you should try it for the novelty at least.
Very nice place but customer service is very misunderstanding and not willing to go an extra mile to keep customers when bad service happens. I DO NOT RECOMMEND. Go to Furoshiki on park ave for GREAT SERVICE & FOOD.
Chinese Hot Pot in Rochester? I was surprised and skeptical at the same time. I didn't think Rochester had the demographics to support such an "ethnic" restaurant. While not exactly esoteric, I feel that the hot pot concept is very non-Western. When dining out, most people expect the meal to be already prepared for you. Whereas in hot pot, the roles are reversed and you're expected to do all the cooking. Hot pot typically consists a communal pot with a flavored broth served with various raw meats, vegetables and seafood that need to be cooked by the eater.  You are also expected to make your own sauce from scratch. A daunting task for the uninitiated. With that said, hot pot is a wonderfully delicious and fun experience. Sure you have to cook your own food, but that's part of the novelty of hot pot. It's great time to catch up with friends and family along with a few cold beers. It's perfect for those chilly fall and cold winter nights. For people who have hot pot at home, you know how labor intensive preparation and clean up can be. So going to Yummy Garden is the perfect solution - all the flavor and fun without the mess. Yummy Garden's interior decor is surprisingly modern, with stainless steel table tops. Every table has built-in electric stove tops for each seating, which means everyone can order their own broth without having to share. This takes away from the communal aspect of hot pot, but adds convenience.  The restaurant is clean, spacious and comfortable. The menu is pretty extensive with many options for carnivores and herbivores alike. The way it works, you pick a soup broth which comes with a plate of goodies including assorted vegetables, tofu, fish balls and an egg. Meat lovers have plenty of choices including chicken, pork, lamb and different grades of beef. The meat is served thinly sliced raw and frozen so don't be surprised. As I said before, you do all your own cooking. There's also a seafood menu, which I haven't explored yet. Vegetarians can stick with the plate of included vegetables or can order additional veggies (taro, bokchoy, lotus root. various greens). Overall, the hot pot at Yummy Garden is good . I've definitely had better in terms of meat quality and soup flavor. However, there's really nothing else like it in Rochester. It's a relatively healthy and fun dining experience with many vegetarian options. The restaurant is clean and service is decent. It's not pricey, but the bill can easily rack up if you're a big eater like me (ie. $7 soup + $7 meat + $ for any additional items). Hot pot is not for everybody, but I urge everyone to give it a try!
Before serving me up my first hot pot experience, Yummy Garden was better known to me as that Chinese takeout place on Meigs that my friend used to frequent while bare ass naked, under the influence of alcohol and controlled substances. At their newest joint, not only is everyone fully clothed, but the food isn't half bad either.  In fact its pretty solid (as far as I can tell).  Veg was fresh, meat was tasty, broth was flavorful.  The girlfriend and I both went with their spicy broth, and shared pork and beef.   Our broths were tasty, but I would have preferred more spice.  I'm typically a sucker for pork, but I thought the beef suited the cooking style a little more.  Next time I'll be sure to make a side order of noodles, and probably grab some seafood as well.   Decor was very modern and attractive.  After getting over the initial intimidation, cooking your own meal in the simmering broth was a lot of fun. My dipping sauce was a total disaster.  Wish there was a little more table side guidance for us hot pot novices. I will be back for sure.
The smell, ugh..... have been to better Chinese places
I went here this afternoon with my husband.  This was my first trip to try a hot pot and I had no clue wohat to expect.   We ordered two types of soups..... one was the Tom Yum hot pot and the other was a spicy seafood noodle soup that come with many veggies and potato noodles.  The Tom Yum hot pot had me very intrigued.  You let the broth boil and add items to eat like a fondu broth.  We had shrimp dumplings, fried tofu, mixed veggies and mushrooms.   I think I would have enjoyed this more as just a soup.  However I really enjoyed going through the process of creating this dish.  Perhaps I am more of a purist as I liked the dish without the many different sauces that can accompany it.   I took a peek at some of the other dishes they over while I was there.  The noodle menu was really interesting and I look forward to trying a few of them in the future.  This place was a nice change in pace for us.  Can't wait to go back.
I always went there for hot pot. Now it serves Mala stir fry (麻辣香锅). This becomes my new reason for going to Yummy. To get a good taste, you'd better pick the right stuff for the stir fry. I would recommend that ham, beef and shrimp plus some vegetables are a must. Also, better to share with friends cuz you can have more varieties that way. We had about 10 people and ordered two huge Mala stir fry with so many different kinds of meat, seafood and vegetables. It was yummy! Haha~ While you enjoy the great spicy taste, be ready for relatively high price. It's kinda like monopoly for Mala stir fry in rochester right now. Let's wait for competition and hopefully the price would drop a bit.
Best Chinese restaurant in town if you take dining amenities into consideration. And the $7 for $10 deal is good. Recommend overall.
Everyone in our family loves coming here, especially the kids! It's especially great in the fall and winter. For 5 of us, we usually get 2 pots - a kim chi pot and  a chicken broth pot. Each pot comes with an assortment of veggies and other items to cook. You can add other items too. We usually get a platter of beef and pork and noodles. There is also a sauce bar, which includes Sirracha. Kids love the experience of adding and cooking items themselves too. This is not the place to come for a quick meal though. It's really more of an experience so don't expect to hop in for a quick lunch (unless you are doing Chinese Take-out). The bubble tea is good too.
This place rocks! Arrive with an appetite -- as you cannot prepare yourself for the amount of food you will consume! We went with the veg broth and the kim chi broth half spicy, both are absolutely delicious. My party that had the kim chi broth said it was ah-mazing. They have a nice and long list of different ingredient that you can order and the meat  is generally pretty fresh. I really recommend their fried tofu and pre boiled dumplings. They are SUPER YUMMY Come in clothes you can wash easily because you'll leave smelling like the place. We also got a coupon for 10% off when you check in on yelp here!
I have been in Rochester for 4 years and haven't found good sliced beef in many places. Yummy Garden's got some sliced beef that I like. Fatty beef with Kimchi broth go very well if you like a little spicy food. I find this place pricy because we can do hotpot at home, but I sometimes crave for descent sliced beef so I come here occasionally. All my American friends enjoy hotpot here.
Ok, I'll start off by saying, I don't find anything necessarily wrong with this place, for what it is. BUT, I only give it four stars instead of THREE because my wife LOVES this place and I occasionally enjoy her company. If you've never done this sort of hot pot dining experience, then the novelty may be enough to get you hooked. Personally, I prefer the larger communal hot pot-type joints, as dining out for me is primarily a social experience. I can, however, see where the single pots would be advantageous to picky eaters and might be more to others' style. The meats and vegetables in my experiences (four times now) have all been, obviously, frozen. This, ultimately, hasn't detracted much from the taste, as with this style of cooking all the flavor is derived from the broth/sauces which are pretty good here. But, if you're an über-snob these short cuts may be more off putting to you. The Bubble teas have always been good (but, Fatguy LOVES the bubble tea any way he can get it, so I may be being biased here) More over, while sitting at the table last time, I noticed an online coupon for a dollar off bubble teas, redeemable immediately just by holding up my phone to the wickedly cute waitress (seriously, she put the "hot" in the pot.) This is the sort of stuff that gets my geek heart beating faster in our little berge. Shop owners take note: do this. Moreover, there appeared to be another such coupon on Yelp when I began this review... This might be enough to make me get lunch there this afternoon. DAMN IT, they got me again.
I obviously like this place quite a bit! You may notice that I've checked in here an insane amount. Part of that could be that I practically live next door to it now, but we went there a lot before that. My family got me a giftcard for here for my Christmas present because they saw how much I check in here. I have a problem. The appearance is really nice, and clean looking. I love the chairs they have. Very modern. I was a little sad by how far apart the sides of the booths are from each other but the table needed to be large to accommodate all the food and burners. I would recommend if you are there on a date to sit next to the person instead of across. The last time I came here on a date, I made him switch after like two minutes and come sit next to me because I got sick of not hearing half the things he said. It seemed fine when I came here with a bigger group though, but that's probably because my friends are loud! They have recently gotten new menus, and even a bigger selection of food. The menus are much nicer looking, and now involve pretty pictures(yayyy!) They have so many interesting things to try. I have not been brave enough to try some of the crazier things yet, but maybe someday I will man up. I liked that everyone got their own hot pot, so that everyone could choose what they wanted. I have tried the Kim Chi Pot, Spicy Pot, Chicken Broth Pot, and their new Thai pot(whose name I cannot seem to recall.)  I always end up ordering more food than I can eat. You get quite a lot with the plate they give you for free with the broth, so know that you can probably get away with spending less. I'm always just so tempted to get lots of things. I like a lot of variety when I eat, what can I say?  My favorite thing to get is the fried tofu. I also have found the beef to be pretty good. I am also in love with their sauce bar! So many different kinds! They had odd things like scallion sauce, and bean sauce, and then they had all the favorites like peanut sauce, soy sauce, and sesame sauce. They also have extra hot oil, to put in your broth, if you are like me and have an insatiable need for spice. It's not too pricey and the food was good quality. Please don' t go out of business like most places in Rochester!!! PS. Yelp thanks a bunch for the free bubble tea with a check in! I use it every time I go! I can't even count how many bubble teas I have consumed for free.
Decent hot pot. The "Mala" is not very spicy, just a basic broth with dried chili peppers on top. The meat and seafood is all frozen, nothing fresh. The scallops were a disappointment: frozen and rubbery. The good: fatty beef, fried tofu, fish balls, lamb, tofu skin. I really liked the sauce station though, where they have all kinds of sauces you can mix and match so that you can create your own custom-made sauce. They had sesame sauce, peanut sauce, sesame oil, chili oil, soy sauce, marinated bean curd, oyster sauce, XO sauce, seafood sauce, black vinegar, chopped cilantro, chopped scallions, ginger, garlic, etc. I made 3 different sauces: one for seafood, one for meat, and one for tofu and veggies. The service wasn't very good: the waitresses had a "I don't care" attitude and forgot some orders. Decent place to eat with a group of friends or with family. This is certainly not the best hot pot I've ever had, but this is Rochester, NY, not Sichuan, China =P I'd come back again if I ever got the craving for hot pot!
I love hot pot, and I love that you get your individual pot here. The meat and veggies were fresh. Price can add up fast when you order additional dishes. I'd suggest ordering less to start because it's actually more filling than you think and if you're not full, then order again.
This is probably going to be redundant as bits and pieces of several other reviews will end up here. It was our second visit here with my girlfriend, last time was about a year ago, and the service was definitely better on our recent visit. We were greeted and seated immediately and two servers were very attentive on getting our order in as soon as we were ready. The quality of the food was great. The meats, even though frozen still tasted fresh when cooked somehow. I chose the spicy pot which had 5 wicked looking peppers in it but was really a medium level of spice so I was fine with it. When the meat cooked in the broth it added another dimension of flavor that was very good. The green vegetables were all fresh and very good. The dumplings, while seasoned well, probably had too much garlic. Oh and I forgot to mention the first time I posted this that the sauce bar is very cool. They had sesame paste (didn't know "tahini" was part of Asian cuisine?) which I mixed with soy sauce, a drop of oyster sauce, and a drop of sesame oil and it made a very tasty sauce. There are about 15 other sauces you can use to blend to your own unique taste. This place could easily get 5 stars if the service was just a little bit better. It was much better than my previous visit last year, but after being served our food we had to work a little bit at getting their attention for more drinks and to order another item. They seemed to correct themselves toward the end of the meal we were checked on 3 times to see if we needed anything else. Keep working on it and that 5th star is within their reach. Another reason why I can't give 5 stars is the price for quantity of food is a little high. On Sunday because of my schedule the only meal I eat is dinner so I am looking for larger portions. I spent $80 on food and 3 beers and felt like as a typical American couple it was not too much food (not a lard-ass just an average sized athletic guy). The dishes should have a little bit more food on them or cost a little bit less. I hear this in my line of work about prices all the time, and I've found sometimes lowering prices, even though lowering the profit margins, can be profitable in the long run by increasing your volume. Something to consider.... not expecting to get a free meal but $10 less for what we had is reasonable. Overall I really enjoyed my second visit, more than the first, and will come back, but not for awhile as I can't drop my weekly food budget on one meal too often.
My first time doing a hot pot kind of thing. Wow, it was great! I had heard about Yummy Garden Hot Pot from an Asian friend at work. He told me it was a great meal for a chilly day. Soooo, since this spring has been pretty cold, I went to Yummy Garden Hot Pot on a Saturday evening. The first thing to notice was all the large tables, filled with young folks with pots of steaming broth filled with all kinds of veggies and meats/seafood. The smell was amazing. As we sat down, the waitress came right over (took our drink order) then asked if this was our first time. Being how it was our first, she explained how to order. First, select a broth, then some proteins, more veggies, noodles etc. She told us that the vegetables and other food that came with the broth was pretty large in itself. There were mushrooms (enoki and a few others), a raw egg - still in the shell, a generous amount of napa cabbage, fried tofu cubes and fish balls. We ordered the seafood platter (assorted clams, mussels, fresh flounder that evening, shrimp, scallops. We also ordered a plate (~6) of pork dumplings and some noodles. The broths were great. The chicken broth had a delicious stock with bits of chicken, sesame seeds, scallions etc. I had the kimchee broth - umm, just the right amount of spiciness and a rich flavor. Not too tart, just right. After the pots arrive, we dug in - cooking everything in the boiling pots. Wow, delicious. And, as the dinner moves on, the broth becomes richer and more  flavorful. Just right for adding the noodles at the end of for a great noodle bowl wrap up! Oh yes, don't miss the fantastic dipping sauce bar. Take a few small bowls at mix to your hearts content. We made a very nice hot oil sauce, a tangy peanut sauce, an incredible sesame sauce and even a mellow soy combo. A few points - 1) Our waitress was great. It is easy to order too much food and she guided us well! 2) This is a pretty healthy meal. Nothing fried, the stock was not salty and all the vegetables fresh. 3) Don't miss the sauce bar. 4) The owner, Linda, came over and was very outgoing and friendly. She wanted to make sure we enjoyed our meal! 5) Go with a few people - the more the merrier. That way you can order lots of different meats, seafood, veggies and noodle. 6) The price for everything was real good! Last - the experience was both delicious and very much fun! Can't wait to go back!!!!
We ate here the other night and had a great experience - friendly attentive staff, fresh veggies, delicious broth, fast service. I've had hot pot before in NYC where the menu of items you can add extensive; here it was light on greens and no tofu skin, but lots of noodle and mushroom options. My husband got the spicy broth plus pork and rice noodles, I got the same broth but ordered oyster mushrooms and lotus root. They brought us each a big plate of veggies that come with the broth - broccoli, bok choy, taro, a few kinds of mushrooms, carrot, cabbage, rice and fish cakes and a raw egg - that alone could be a filling meal! They have a sauce bar where you can get extras like ginger, garlic, sesame oil, soy sauce, peanut sauce, BBQ sauce, oyster sauce, plus maybe a dozen more - we didn't try any, but will next time. Overall great value for the quantity and quality. We'll be back!
I've never had soup like this before. I'm not really a soup person but one night a friend and I had dinner plans, and I felt like I was coming down with something. I took her up on her suggestion to go to hot pot. Not only was the food fresh and great, with an insanely diverse menu, but I felt better by the end of my meal! What a great experience! Generous portions too. Share everything!
I had the kimchi broth. My friend got the Thai broth. So good! Didn't realize how much vegetables came with the broths so we ordered some angus beef, clear noodles, fried tofu, Fuzhou fish balls and hot pot noodles. Everything was SO good! Tons of leftovers. We each took home a quart container filled to the edge. Total came to about $37 but I used the yelp deal so we saved $5. The waitress was friendly and not pushy, she even mentioned to me to get the yelp deal.
A new treasure...very unique. A great foodie adventure spot. Had a hot pot lunch with coworkers...light flavorful and delicious. We tried 3 broths (all good) and basic chicken, pork, and beef with an extra order of broccoli. The broth and vegetables were so good I wouldn't even bother with the meat next time. It came with a generous supply of vegetables, tofu, and shrimp balls. Next time I would add noodles and more fried tofu. Quick story on location turn around: I swore I'd never set foot in this location. It used to be the Pakastani House...never a customer's car in the lot. Then the "Yummy Cafe" ...no idea what they served...maybe coffee? This spot was a restaurant graveyard! Thanks to the perfect timing of a Living Social deal and some Yelper encouragement I decided to lift my embargo on that location and was glad I did. The place is very new and remodeled. It looks like they put a lot of love and energy into the place to undue the "Pakistani House" stigma that was associated with the location.
The service was slow, I give it a 1/5.... the waitresses on both different occasions that I was there never got us water until we asked for it--that's just waitressing 101. The hostess needs to put clothes on, it's very unprofessional. Who wears booty shorts and flips flops to sit people down? I didn't realize I was also going to a night club. But of course even at night clubs, they'd have better shoes on other than flip flops. Gross. As for the food, it was good. I give it a 4/5. I ordered the herbal one and the first few weeks I arrived in Rochester, the weather was still a bit chilly, it was perfect for my health and made me feel all warm inside. The other stuff they give you on the side is adequate because once you start ordering other sides to put in, it gets to be a lot and you'll have left overs. I was a bit disappointed with the seafood combo, they had 2 shrimps and lots of clams but the clams for the most part were empty--sad. However, I guess... the rest of the seafood combo was all right, considering you get this frozen slab of fish too. I enjoyed the tofu and udon noodles and of course, my tsingtao beer.
You know how certain things are really popular and cool in other cities and then about five years later, they make their way to Rochester and either become semi-cool (mostly with hipsters) or fail miserably? Well, hot pot is one of those things. In Boston, the Japanese version of hot pot,  known as "shabu shabu," was like the biggest thing since the lobstah roll. It was the absolute tits. Hip Boston gastronauts would frequent shabu joints on the regular, ordering heaps of prime beef, lobster, and tongue to dunk into their miso or szechwan bases. I loved shabu shabu. Since moving back to Roc City in 2010, I've longed for a shabu shabu place. I heard Shanghai did hot pot, on occasion, but there hasn't been a restaurant dedicated solely to the art of hot pot. Until now. Yummy Garden Hot Pot is like The Melting Pot's awesome adopted cousin (you know, the one who wears skinny jeans and has an Anime hairstyle); you know he's way cooler than you, but you want to hang with him anyway. The decor is SUPER Asian and I am 100% in love with how this place looks on the inside. It's unlike any other restaurant in Rochester; Bright, clean, ultra-modern, it reminds me of the froyo places I've visited in other cities. It's how I imagine all of Korea looking. South, not North. The atmosphere will probably freak your parents out, but trust me, they'll leave full and enlightened and feeling "worldly." If I had a ton of friends who knew how to use chopsticks, I'd definitely bring them here. Unfortunately, I only have one. I brought her here last night. The menu is extensive, to say the least. Five types of broth, pork, chicken, three grades of beef, lamb, tripe...pig blood! Good stuff. Other notable items include sea cucumber, wood ear mushrooms, winter melon, dry tofu, and cuttlefish dumplings. My friend is going through her "pescatarian phase" right now, so I refrained from ordering anything too novel or gag inducing. Still, we got a nice variety of items. We ordered a seafood combo, fish dumplings, fried tofu, hot pot noodles, and two broths (spicy and kimchee), in addition to the default plate of goodies that came with the broths. Once I got over the fact that all of the seafood items had been previously frozen, which completely made sense due to the low turnover (we were the only ones there for a solid 2 hours), I really enjoyed the seafood combo. A generous serving of raw, sliced white fish was surrounded by clams, a few large scallops, imitation crabmeat, head-on shrimp, and fish cakes. Nothing was overly fishy or gross, and I did not find myself with food poisoning this morning. The fish dumplings were fine, but probably unnecessary, based on the sheer amount of food we already had in front of us. We probably didn't need the tofu either. I think a lot of people (including us) underestimate how much food automatically comes with the broth, so I'll clearly state, for the record, EXACTLY how much you get: a shitload. For ZERO extra dollars, you get three types of mushrooms, dumplings, cabbage, taro, imitation crab, and a whole egg! I think, if I was ordering with my head instead of my stomach, this alone would have been plenty. For a couple of extra dollars, you can get two dried noodle loaves (think ramen) and you have basically an endless bowl of ramen noodles. This review is already too long, so I won't say much about the magical sauce bar, other than there are so many sauces you will undoubtedly be overwhelmed by the selection and make some very poor decisions. All you really need is a combination of soy, sesame oil, scallions, maybe some garlic, and some hot oil or sriracha for heat. Keep it simple, you jerk. When you start mixing the barbecue sauce with the marinated bean sauce and the hot pepper paste, you're only asking for trouble. I'd advise no more than 3 ingredients per custom dipping sauce. The two of us ate our asses off and the bill was only about $41. If you order wisely, you can probably get it down to $15 or so per person, or maybe even less if you have a huge party. I really hope Yummy Garden Hot Pot doesn't go out of business, because I think it is fabulous. Everyone come here!
This place was...average. It's a great place to go with groups...or even a romantic date since the hot pot "cooking" really gets conversations started. However, the meal with the hot pot itself was rather unsatisfying. The waiters/waitresses don't even explain to people who are here for the first time how the system works....disappointing and rather embarassing.
In town from California for work and with an outside temperature near 0 I wanted something hot. Needless to say this place hit the spot. Great tastes, fresh ingredients and friendly staff, what else could you ask for? Just be careful,  as the name suggests, it's HOT and because it's so good you want to shovel it down, that combo is ideal for burning your tongue like I did!
Was unimpressed with the hotpot, broth wasn't that great. I thought it was overpriced rather do hotpot at home. Only giving it 3 stars because their bubble tea has been pretty decent the past few times and at a very good price ($3 for a large size). It can be awfully sweet especially the Thai tea. The original milk is just typical, not enough tea flavor definitely the powder but if you're craving bubble tea I would recommend
It's about time Rochester opened a hot pot restaurant! Given there isn't a large presence of chinese/asians in the area, however this is the perfect chinese cuisine for non-Asians to learn and become acquainted with considering this is the perfect food for a cold wintery day. If you don't know what hot pot is, this cooking technique was rumored to have originated in Mongolia where Mongol warriors boiled food in their helmets.  This style of cooking then become very popular in Northern China. Shabu shabu is synonymous to this, known in Japan. In today's culture, this technique is often times shared with friends and family in the home. Recently, this style has become more prevalent amongst restaurant settings. Great for bonding and warmth from cold weather. Here's how it works... every seat in the restaurant has an individual boiler where they put a pot in. You pick your broth (here you can choose chicken broth, spicy, another chicken with some meat bits, kimchee or herbal), and then you pick your meat (selection of beef, pork, chicken, lamb or a variety of seafoods like fish, shrimp, scallops, squid, clams, mussels). The meats are sliced then and frozen, then nicely rolled (for presentation purposes) on a platter. Each order comes with a nicely portioned platter of mixed chinese vegetables and a couple other things like tofu and fish balls. There is also a sauce station with a large variety of different flavorings (i.e. bbq sacha sauce, soy sauce, oyster sauce, bean sauce, scallions, parsley, etc). Here's how you eat it: First prepare your sauce... The cantonese style involves taking a raw egg and cracking into a bowl. Then adding your sauce(s) of choice and mixing well. If you are hesitant of eat raw egg with fear of Salmonella or E.coli, you can cook your egg in your broth (hard boil, egg drop style or however way you want) Preparing your food... you boil your veggies and meats in the broth. Strainer spoons, tongs and soup spoon are provided to handle the raw and cooked ingredients. The meats cook very quickly because they are sliced very thin, so it's recommended to cook your vegetables first. When the food is done, you take it out of the boiling broth dip it into the sauce you prepared and enjoy! I was well impressed by the design of this place and just how nice it looked inside. Hopefully, this place will stay much longer than the previous restaurants who haven't had the best of luck at business. This is definitely worth a visit (or a few)... and a great experience for those who have never had hot pot before!
It was wonderful experience.  Server was extremely nice and friendly, I def loved the time spent there!!! Can't wait! for the next visit!! :)
Awesome place! I've driven past Yummy Garden for years and I never had the urge to visit until my husband suggested. He heard wonderful things from one of is co-workers who dines there occasionally and he recommended that we give it a try. I also have to credit you amazing yelpers for your great reviews on Yummy Garden! The service was okay. As first time diners, it would have been nice if the  servers explained what was on our plate. We kind of had to figure out the cooking times and the foods on our plate. The servers could have been a little more helpful in this area of our dining experience. The only comparison that I can make to a similar dining experience would be The Melting Pot. You choose a broth to cook the items that you order. The food is all served fresh and you prepare. Everything was very tasty and enjoyable. Unlike the Melting Pot, the menu items are served a la cart by the item as opposed to a full meal and he potion sizes are very large. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised.  Here's the breakdown of what we ordered: Chicken Hot Pot- husband liked this very much, pot comes marinated with actual chicken in broth Veggie Hot Pot- good, but the only vegetarian pot on the menu, so there's no choice (see photo). Potatoes- waste of money. The potatoes were $2.95. From our experience at Melting Pot we know that potatoes usually take the longest to cook, so as soon as they arrived we dropped them in the hot pot. By the time we left, they still hadn't cooked cooked completely so we could not have them. Flat Noodles- they weren't our favorite and in the future we will probably go for a thinner noodle. Fatty Beef- husband loved this and commented in the freshness and lightness of the beef. (see photo) It is thinly sliced and rolled. Fried Tofu- Very Good! Iironically, as a vegetarian, I'm not a huge fan of tofu unless it's drenched in sauce or hidden behind cheese. It tends to be flavorless and the texture can be a little off-putting if you're not a tofu can. This tofu  was phenomenal! It comes freshly fried and warm so there's no reason to dip it in the hot pot. I devoured this before I even cooked anything. It was probably the best tofu I've ever eaten. (see photo) Shrimp Dumplings- A-MAZ-ING! Loved, loved loved! I will be ordering double portions of these next time. They were $3.95 for six and they were divine with the dumpling sauce. Must try! (see photo) Bubble Tea (strawberry & mango) - bubble tea was great. There's a cafe out in Buffalo where we would always get bubble tea. The tea there was made fresh in house. This tea is not that tea. It is prepakaged, and much much sweeter! But it still has a great taste. I enjoyed the mango. TIP: If you check-in there on Yelp you can get one free Bubble Tea. Overall I recommend visiting Yummy Garden at least once. I'm planning my next visit already!
For Rochester, this is decent. My parents and I have been satisfied enough to keep on going back. It is somewhat authentic with all sorts of sauces for you to choose from. There are also some options for broths. However, the portions are not big (or maybe we just eat a lot? lol)...  So you might need to have multiples orders of the same thing. In terms of price, it has been $60-$70 after tax and tip for the 3 of us. You can certainly spend less if you don't want to have a food coma afterwards like we always do. ;)
This place is so-so.   I think because I've lived in Asia for 23 years, I've had better hot pot dinners.  I don't think I want to go there again.  I'll make them from home instead.  Our Asian stores supply the foods we need for all kinds of hot pot dinners.
Food is not fresh, but at least it is real hot pot...... "ok" to go. And we used to get bubble tea from here. Artificial flavor, but better than nothing.
It wasn't until my third or fourth visit to the Hot Pot that I started to really appreciate what a great experience the restaurant offers.  I now crave it often, and usually can't go more than two or three weeks without hitting it up for another go. We usually get the same thing each visit... a Tom Yum pot, a chicken broth pot, a supreme beef, one of the rice noodles, and then something extra (oyster mushrooms last go around).  The pots come with an assorted tray of standard sides, including various veggies & shrooms, tofu and fish balls, and an egg.  For two of us, our bill without alcohol usually comes in around $30.  I consider this very reasonable for the fun of the experience. Once the broths are up to a proper temp, it'll cook the Supreme Beef in the serving bowl itself within 10-15 seconds.  I usually poach my egg, cook come beef, then lay the poached egg on top.  Sooo good. The service has always been great... very prompt and courteous.  While it took me a couple visits to appreciate the style and simplicity of the food offerings, it's now one of my favorite Asian cuisine spots in town.
Very interesting restaurant and experience was pretty good. I would recommend going if you are not very hungry because the food will take a while to cook.
You get to play with your food- does it get any better? It's like a choose your own fantasy book; decided what to put in your soup as you go. Plus, epic amounts of sauces at the sauce bar to accent your chosen fantasy. Go play here- and as a bonus, you get to leave full too!
Very fresh ingredients, and a hot and sour soup that lives up to the duality of its name, which is hard to find for some reason. The Mongolian beef was excellent, and I'll be making this a regular lunch haunt. There's quite a menu I'll need to work my way through. The Thai and Vietnamese options are probably just as good if not better.
The overall experience was pretty good, and cooking your own food was a fun and interesting way to have dinner. The ingredients were fresh, the broth was pretty good, and the sauce bar had all of the sauces you could want. I do wish that the wait staff was a little more attentive, and I really (REALLY) wish the staff would have explained the process. Maybe even instructions in the menu would have been nice? The decor is really nice, and they have good bubble tea. You can definitely eat for cheap if you don't order too many meats or anything. Each broth comes with a generous plate of veggies, so you don't need too much extra. I was able to eat here with another person, with separate broth pots, and 3 bubble teas for under $30. Not too bad. This place also has really wide hours. Now that I know what is going on, I will definitely feel more comfortable eating here, and will do so again very soon!
Fantastic dinner for a great price. I appreciated the other reviews here so I knew not to order too much. The kim chi broth was perfectly spiced. I was a little frustrated that the waiters couldn't tell me what the tofu fish had in it. Mock meat or is there really fish in there? "I don't know" without at least a "let me see if I can find out." Otherwise, great experience.
For many years, the building that currently contains Yummy Garden Hot Pot has cycled through businesses.  Hot Pot is the first restaurant that Belly Family has seen stick around for a while...and actually have cars in the parking lot on a regular basis!   Belly Family recently moved to a new area and had to change their local Chinese restaurant.  Bellyman did not realize until the first time Bellyman went to pick up Belly Family's dinner from Yummy Garden in Irondequoit that they were the same owners as the Hot Pot.  As Belly Family enjoyed Belly Family's dinner from Yummy Garden, Belly Family decided to give Hot Pot a try. Bellyman will save time and not explain how Hot Pot works.  Bellyman sees others have described in their reviews.  But, Bellyman will repeat the important parts: Yummy Hot Pot is great!  Bellyman and Mrs. Bellyman had a novel experience (Little Belly had dinner before, so Bellyman just bought Little Belly dessert to keep her busy)!   The food was unique and tasty, with each bite being as good as the last...despite being completely different.  Bellyman and Mrs. Bellyman very much enjoyed their dinner.  One suggestion: don't get the wide noodles.  Unless you are deft at using chopsticks (as Bellyman is not), you will not get to eat many of them... Bellyman approves!!
Hot pot itself is a good choice for a cold winter night.First time visited this place with high expectation. The choices of food are plenty. However, the quality of food is questionable as we actually got a rotten egg! Luckily,Our waitress was great that made this trip otherwise a disappointed one.
There is a so many options. I had the hot pot with angus. The soup could use more salt, but you can flavor your own with about 20 sauces. I got the chicken, but they have like 8 options. It was good, clean, staff was nice.
Clean, spacious and a very nice variety of menu items.  Our meal was plentiful, hot and very tasty.  Really enjoyed sharing & tasting each others meals-the spicy kimche was quite good. Bring your appetite because you'll need it!
Great food and a unique experience if you haven't tried hot pot style restaurants before! I went with three other people and we completely devoured an entire table of food during the time we were there! I loved the sauce bar. The staff was nice, too, and wasn't pushy even though we stayed past closing time. The food was so good that I impatiently ate some slightly undercooked things but that was my own fault!
This is a great place for a date, lots of sharing, or gathering of several friends. The food is great and very fresh. It's a little pricey but you can take a lot home for later. I've only been once but my wife and I shared a free bubble, Thai with milk tea, and had tons of veggies. Yummy indeed!
Everything was good except the most important thing-- the cookers were slow and always stopped heating. U need to turn on the cooker again and again even every two minutes.
I am a sucker for any "new" restaurant concept. Yeah, I know, hot pot is not new but when I first went to Yummy Garden it was new to Rochester (always far begin trends). Every time I go there I have a nice time. My wife gets hot pot, and I get Pho (best in Rochester!). We often come with friends too. Never disappointed in the food or the service. The staff is very attentive and friendly and are glad to explain anything you don't know.
Whenever i have the desire to try some pig blood on a weeknight, I head to Yummy Garden Hot Pot (actual menu item)!  The food here is probably not quite a 5-star, but they make 5 stars because the prices and quantity are so good.  Order some Angus beef for 6.95 and you get a veritable pile of sliced, rolled meat on your table.  Pots/broths are all delicious; I think the Spicy and Tom Yum are the best.  Love the sauce bar, fairly typical selection there.  Don't bother ordering extra vegetables, you get plenty on your included plate.  Also, the noodles plates have enough for 2 people on them, so order accordingly.
Amazing hot pot with outstanding service! Came here around 5:30 on a Wednesday night and the place was already packed! We got one of the last tables (although the "bar" style hotpot seats were all empty but started to get filled around 6). We tried the chicken broth which smelled amazing when the waiter brought it out. We ordered 2 meat dishes and some various dumplings and vegetables as well as 2 bubble teas. The original milk tea tasted a bit too sweet for my liking and did not have enough tea flavor, but the thai milk tea was outstanding! The tapioca is also decent but slightly overcooked. For the price though ($2.75), it's a great deal! The meats were reasonably priced compared to some other hot pot places and came in decently sized portions. We ordered the shrimp dumplings which came in an order of 6 for about $3 and although had very minimal shrimp, were still tasty! The one (tiny) drawback about this place is the sauces they offer. They have a sauce bar that you can go to and make your own sauces out of a combination of different things such as sesame sauce, hot oil, peanut sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, scallions, ginger, etc. However, the original chinese hot pot sauce (sesame) that I'm used to was extremely oily/ watered down (but we got used to it after a couple bites). As a result, we asked the waiter if we could get a "thicker" version of the sauce and he said that although the sauces are made in house, he would ask the chef if they can custom make a thicker version of the sauce for us. A few minutes later, he came back with a large bowl of the sauce that we asked for and it was delicious! Overall, the service here is impeccable and even though they were packed and extremely busy, the waiters always came over to ask how everything was and whether we needed anything else. I look forward to trying their other dishes in the future! They also serve chinese and vietnamese entrees (including pho!).
Great food, infinite opportunities for individual creativity, and at a great price.  Going back with other friends!
Food was good, but the place was really stinky and smelled like Formeldahyde. but hey! free boba tea with a check-in?
Awesome!  Christine W. does a great job explaining the process and ingredients at this place. I'll add that I thought the interior was surprisingly modern and nice looking, so don't judge the exterior too negatively.  There is also a bar that you can eat your hot pot at if you're flying solo, which I thought was a nice touch.  This place is also nice for those picky eaters as each person has their own personal hot pot so you can choose to cook whatever you want or don't want. Our party tried the kimchi, spicy, and herbal broths.  I liked the kimchi and spicy broths best; the herbal broth was good but perhaps a little bland.  I really enjoyed the fish meatballs and thought the angus beef gave the broth some good beefiness. The prices are reasonable considering its the only type of hot pot place in the region.  Expect to spend $7 for your broth which includes a generous plate of veggies, another $6-$7 for each meat/seafood platter, and then noodles and other cookables are $2-$7 dollars.  The veggie plate had corn, a raw egg, taro, napa cabbage, enoki mushrooms, and some fish meatballs/blocks.  Don't over order it like I did.  I think next time I'll just get an order of broth, meat, and maybe some noodles or fish meatballs.  And there will definitely be a next time. As a heads up, the bubble tea they have is not made in-house but is a pre-packaged drink.
It was okay, don't really love it. I just wanted some hotpot and yelp had a coupon for free bubble tea, so I went there with my boyfriend. For the amount of food we got, the price was way too high... probably not going back again.
This review is just for the Hot Pot. I've had hot pot in many different cities.  It's difficult to fight the hipster in me and say "I was into hot pot before it was cool".  I must say I was really surprised to see a hot pot place in Rochester.  It is not a burger place, doesn't have a ###plate, isn't a mediocre Italian place, does not offer pan-asian cuisine, and does not have overly-doughy pizza.  What is there for the average Rochesterian to like? Well, it's different, tasty, and it can be healthy.  Basically, as other reviewers have mentioned, you pick your broth and start from there.  I had the spicy broth (which was just a basic broth with some hot chili oil on top).  It came in a pot and was placed on a burner in front of me.  I cranked that sucker up and let her boil. While she was boiling, I visited the sauce bar to grab some Sriracha (they DO have it now) and some sesame sauce.  I also ordered some proteins (angus beef, chicken, shrimp dumplings.  There were two of us, don't judge.  The broth also came with some veggies by default (as others have mentioned). When the broth was boiling, my proteins arrived and I was good to go.  You just put whatever you want to cook into the broth for 1-2 minutes, take it out, dip it in sauce, and then eat it.  It was delicious.  I recommend only putting 1-2 (3 tops) items in the broth at a time.  Everything was great, no complaints. My only knock on this place is that everything was frozen.  The meat was frozen, the dumplings were frozen, etc.  They would do much better if they prepared everything fresh themselves (maybe they do but then freeze it?  who knows).
This place is definitely designed for customers who know what they're doing. The menu is simple and doesn't offer any explanation of the process or how the ingredients fit together. Thankfully, the waitress was accommodating and explained how everything combined. One major warning however - this restaurant is not a good spot for vegetarians. Although they do serve tofu, you're only choices for the actual "pots" revolve around meat broth and fish. While it is possible to order a combination without meat or fish, you still pay full price for what amounts to a much smaller meal. They really need a veggie broth option and a "veggie combo" plate that does not include fish for the restaurant to be viable as a vegetarian option. All in all, it was a unique experience and perhaps worth a try - but definitely not worth it for a vegetarian.
good place. had the soup with 3 chilies next to it. great soup. loved the veggies that came with it. i didnt order meat this time and i didnt miss it at all. i did get some green noodles. the sauce bar is great for me because i like to mix sauces & experiment with flavors. i walked out full, satisfied and a little food drunk...my lady & i had to go home & take a nap. Now thats some good food. i got a living social deal for the place. they also have groupons. definitely worth it. will be back.
Tacky interior.  Not a romantic date spot obviously.  Quality of meat: not incredible, but still tasty.  Only thing I would have done differently is check this site before going.  Figuring out the menu and how everything works was slightly mysterious and the server seemed reluctant to provide much guidance.  Im sure it is annoying to have to inform every new customer how things work.  But guess what.... this is Rochester and people need their hand held a bit when out of the comfort zone, you are located in the burbs, and you are a new restaurant.....  Did not even know there was a huge assortment of sauces at the other end of the restaurant for the 1st half of the meal.  Not even really a bad thing.  But Ill conclude by saying 4 stars and Ill be prepared for next time.
What a wonderful way to enjoy a meal with friends.  The way Chinese hot pot works allows for you to enjoy leisurely conversation with your friends and keeps you warm on a cold winter night.
A delicious and fun culinary experience!
it is definitely worth a double try. bring a bib and don't wear white. the bowls they provide are small and chicken and noodles have a tendency to splash around. the servers may not be very friendly i warn you. and for vegetarians, there may be mock meat strewn around. whatever looks like a benign tofu may be something else. best to clarify. i ve tried clarifying but i could not get much information out of our server.
This was a great meal - as well as a fun experience. We've done hot pot before close to home, as well as on a trip to China. This was as good as any. They had a nice selection of broths/bases, and the great thing is that they are individual portions, with each person getting their own cooktop. This means no arguments if one person wants spicy and another doesn't.  I had the chicken broth base, and took home the leftover broth at the end to just drink later. It was that good. Note, when you order the broth, you'll also get a plate with different mushrooms, some tofu, cabbage, broccoli, corn, and an egg.  The egg is NOT cooked. Either place it in the broth to hard boil (which would take 10 minutes or so), or crack into boiling broth for egg drop type soup.  You can have a great soup with just the includes items, but it's fun to add more. We tried flat noodles, bok choi, dumplings, and fried tofu. Writing this up makes me want to have it again tonight!!
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw that there was a hot pot place in Rochester, NY! This place also has good bubble/boba tea!!! (hard to come by in Roc) This place is great even for those that aren't too adventurous all the way to asian folk such as myself and my parents. If you're looking for something out of the ordinary Chinese take-out then give this place a try. There are several posts with explanations of how it works. I'll give my version too: Hot pot is typically one pot of broth in the middle that everyone shares, but this place does individual pots which is great for people that have different preferences. Step 1: Pick a broth (I've had the chicken (w & w/o meat), spicy, and herb). Just to note, their ma-la (spicy) one isn't terribly spicy. Also, between the chicken broth and one with chicken pieces just go with the broth. The chicken pieces were meh and not worth the extra money) Step 2: Pick your "fixens" to cook in your pot of broth. By ordering the broth it already comes with a healthy number of items on a tray: nappa (chinese cabbage), enokitake (long thin white mushrooms), mu er (wood ear mushroom), fish cakes, fried tofu, a raw egg, corn, imitation crab meat, regular mushrooms, taro, and there may be others I'm forgetting. I would recommend ordering the sliced meats (pork, beef, etc...) to start, but you can pick and choose whatever you would like. The trays of meat are enough for 2 to share (you can always order more). It's great to go here with a larger group and you can order more items and share amongst yourselves. For vegetarians there are other vegetables, tofu, and seafood (if you eat fish) on the menu. Step 3: Time to hot pot! There is a dial on the side of the table you can adjust to bring your broth to a boil. Once that happens drop-it-like-it's-hot and place whichever items you'd like to cook into the broth. It's easiest to tell when the meat's done from the color change. In general ~3-5 minutes is enough time for whatever item you are cooking. Step 4: Sauce it up. There is a "sauce bar" towards the end where the cash register is. You can mix whatever concoction suites your fancy. I personally like the shacha (aka asan BBQ sauce) with soy sauce.  As Chrstine W. says, one way is to use the egg for your sauce, I personally like to just cook it and eat it as a hardboiled egg. You can also break the egg into the hot pot to poach it. Step 5: Go-fish. Using your strainer/ladle grab the items you just cooked, dip it in your sauce, and enjoy! To see what stuff comes on the tray, check out the picture I uploaded. Happy eats!
Came in fast service got some banging ass pho and free bubble tea, bill came back less than $10 totally worth the visit.
I'm still new to the hot pot scene, food was good and not expensive.  Been there three times and plan on going back.
I recently went here with my mom after class. I went around noon and the place was dead. The waitress kindly sat us to a table where there were hot pot holders and notches that controlled the temp. of the hot pot. It was my first time having a hot pot, so I wasn't sure what to expect. The place looked pretty hip inside- it's probably catered towards the college students in the area. In the menu you have a choice of broth, meat and other sides such as veggies, my mom and I ordered the chicken broth which came with a veggie combo(which was on the 1st page of the menu) and pieces of chicken. We also ordered Angus beef as our meat and phad thai noodles (dont recommend had a weird texture). After the waitress brought our pots, we waited until our broth boiled before we can place our veggies. I also forgot to mention there was a sauce station, I guess after you dip your veggies and meat into the boiled water you can use the sauce to dip. the sauce station had a variety of things like peanut sauce, soy sauce, oyster sauce, garlic, cilantro, oil, etc..etc...I was sad that they didnt have any siracha! =[ my overall hot pot expereince was pretty fun! I was more full than I thought. Now I know why all the Chinese fobs like to host hot pot night at their pads! My only con was that the service was mad slow! It took the lady 15 minutes to serve our drinks, even though it was just my mom and I and 2 other people. HOWEVER, the boba was pretty good! I ordered taro and the bobas were nice and chewy! I will definitely come again!
Not good. Kinda gross, actually. I just didn't get a kick out of boiling my own food.
I was not expecting this diner style Americanized hot pot restaurant, but it works well for Rochester.  We went on a friday night at 8pm, and not surprisingly, there was a wait.  Once seated, we decided on the menu items.  Everything is a la carte, and the prices for each ingredient were pretty low.  So be careful!  We were being creative and ended up ordering too much.  The main broth also comes with a vegetable plate and an egg.  I'm not a fan of eating raw eggs, so I poached mine. It was my girlfriends first hot pot experience and she loved it.  It was my first diner style hot pot experience, and I approve.  We probably will return.  Oh, and there is a separate part of the restaurant that does your standard Asian take out fare.
Sooooo happy to see a shabu-shabu place in Rochester. True, this place is a bit different than the others I've been to. But the food was really delicious -- generous amounts, too! Loved the sauce bar -- so many choices to choose from. Wait staff was LOVELY!!! We went there on Labor Day at around 4 (for a late lunch/early dinner) and the place was pretty empty -- but I hope that isn't usually the case! Hope this business goes on for a long while! Definitely coming back!!!!! YUMMY!!!!
Boiled food is kinda bland. The music is too loud. Servers are not very friendly. Everything costs extra so you end up with a big bill at the end.
I was driving past this place once and was very curious how good a hot pot restaurant in Rochester, NY would be. I checked it out on Yelp and read all the great reviews and decided to buy the Yelp coupon. I brought my family out there for Mother's Day dinner and it was very good. My family is Chinese so they fit right in with talking to the waiters and the style of eating. We ordered two pots for four people. One pot was the kimchi pot and the other was the chicken pot. I personally love kimchi and anything spicy so the soup base made everything taste even better. The chicken pot was a very fresh chicken broth and stewed chicken on the bottom, very flavorful. Each pot came with a starter platter of cabbage, two rice cake sticks, crab meat, fish tofu, golden fish balls, a raw egg, woodear, and mushrooms. If you go for lunch, this probably would fill you up with an order of a couple other things. For dinner we decided to go all out since it was our first time there and we saw the food on other groups' tables. We ordered a seafood platter, some dumplings, a pork and beef plate, more vegetables, and several tofu plates. By the time everything came out, the whole table was gleaming with different textures and colors. Once the pots started boiling, you just start plopping things in and chow down. This is definitely an experience that everyone should try. It is authentic Chinese hot pot. It's a lot healthier than takeout Chinese food (which they serve as well). It is rather cheap for the amount of food they serve and everything was very fresh. There is no doubt about it that my family and I will return.
wish they could have more choices~
Great experience, all new to us and the servers totally walked us through it. Adults and kids loved it (11 and 14).
My boyfriend and I went here on a whim.  So glad we did!  He got the Kim chi broth, and I got the herbal. Both were tasty.  We only ordered veggie pots. They came with plenty to eat and a decent variety of veggies.  You can order meat, seafood, And additional veggies as well. The staff checked on us frequently, and explained how the hot pot works.  We had lots of fun!
The hot pots are very authentic Chinese. They are not as flavorful as the American Chinese food everyone is used, but very good.
This is pretty good Chinese hot pot, really good for american restaurants , love the milk tea there!!!!
Yummy garden was delicious! Took five of my friends, split two pots and got tons of veggies and meat to go with them. The Szechuan broth was tasty and flavorful without being mouth meltingly hot, which is how I like it. If you want something insanely spicy I'm sure they can help as well. There is a sauce bar that was fantastic, many options for dipping sauce from basic soy, to peanut and hoisen as well. Overall I thought it was a great meal, very filling with a good atmosphere. Take the family, friends, or a significant other for a great time
Great experience. Think the Melting Pot, but broth instead of hot oil. At first it can be overwhelming, but once the concept is understood, it's very easy and very tasty. The sauce bar is key to add flavor and there is a nice variety to choose from. I'll definitely return!
Gave Yummy Garden a second try last night. This time, we weren't ignored; we were served our drinks in a timely fashion, and our orders were taken promptly as well. The food was brought out quickly, and the portions were generous. The complimentary "mixed vegetable" plate that came with the broth had some interesting items on it, various vegetables I've never before encountered, as well as tofu, fish balls, and an egg. (The tofu was especially tasty; not bland at all like it usually is; they must have marinated it in something.) The small crab was a good value for $3.50. Overall, everything was very flavorful, and the toppings bar provided additional flavor. The only major downside, again, was the service. I requested a fork and knife immediately after ordering, but the waitress never brought them. And the waitress never checked back with us after our food was delivered. Which was unfortunate, because we weren't given the utensil we needed to crack open the crab. We ended up flagging down other employees twice, once to get the fork and knife, and once to get the utensil to open the crab. It seemed that eventually one of these other employees took over as our server, as after he brought the crab-cracking instrument, he again checked back with us to make sure everything was alright, and he also delivered our check. (In the end we weren't really sure who we were tipping -- we would have left him a more generous tip than we would have left the waitress who abandoned us.) I've now been here twice and experienced strange/neglectful service, but the food (and the value) is excellent. I think I'd give this place 4 or maybe even 5 stars if they could get their act together with the service, ie they need to assign only one waiter/waitress to a section of tables, make sure they are trained properly to greet and deliver drinks in a reasonable amount of time, to deliver the correct utensils (I'd really love to see someone eat crab legs with just chopsticks), and to check back with the diners after the food is served. We will probably be back, but probably wait a few months to see if they work out the kinks with the service.
