How is it I haven't been to the zoo since I was a child?? Major fail on my part, considering they do fun events like zoo brew during the summer! When a friend suggested we head over to the zoo yesterday afternoon, I jumped at the suggestion. They've made some really great improvements since I had been last (at least ten/twelve years). Our zoo is definitely on the smaller side, but they've done really nice job of making the animal's "homes" as natural feeling as possible. I've been to other zoos where they are in pretty bare cages which makes me so sad, so it's great to see that our zoo has made the living quarters comfortable and close to what they would experience in the wild. The zoo is tucked away in Seneca Park, and once you're inside, you forget that you're a stone's throw away from downtown! It's wooded and lush with trees and plenty of shaded areas. It also has a really nice layout which encourages you to explore the zoo in a certain path, and has clearly labeled signs for different exhibits. As it was a near perfect day yesterday, it was busy, but around 3pm, most animals were relaxed or snoozing out in the sun. For the size of the zoo, they have a great variety of animals: don't miss the African Penguins, the Rhinos, the Lynx, and of course my personal favorite, the Golden Lion Tamarins (so cute!!). As a lover of the environment, I like that along with the info of the animal, you can see if it is on the threatened/endangered species list, and what type of conversation efforts are going on (specifically for the animal or it's environment). I'm sorry that it took me so long to visit the zoo again, but I had such a good time, that I'll be back again for sure! Parking is also plentiful. :)
The perfect size zoo for a half day venture. Living nearby with a 3 year old makes a membership here a no-brainer, though the regular admission isn't overly expensive. That is, for a 3 year old. My father-in-law was asking him what animals he saw at the zoo and started listing off things like Kangaroos, giraffes, zebras.... nope, nope, and not really - just a creepy fake zebra the lions get treats from... So it was in this recent conversation that I realized the zoo does not have a great selection of animals on exhibit. For the size, it does well enough to entertain a small family but repeated visits have been a bit ... boring. Not for the 3 year old, which is what matters to me, but it's definitely losing the special outing feel. Where this zoo does well is the various activity centers throughout. Indoor and outdoor options, varying from a traditional playground to a fake animal hospital, none of them ever seem overly busy. Older kids don't seem as interested in many of the stations, but kids ages 2-6 or so would probably spend the whole day playing vet to the various stuffed animals if their parents let them. A story time is hosted in the fake animal hospital's building during the colder months (October through March I think). The archeologist training site (a fancy sandbox) is a favorite of kids (whose moms packed wet wipes), but you have to make it to the end of the zoo. Which brings me to.... The grounds are long. I've been to larger zoos and walked less because the layout is more circular. Seneca Park Zoo... long. This results in back tracking and excessive walking. Not a big deal unless you have 3 year old legs that get tired by the polar bear but are desperate to see every.single.animal. For us, this means going *very* slowly and taking breaks often. It's hard to visit just the safari animals (lions, elephants, chimps, and ...goats?) since its at the end, so it's lucky our favorites are the rhinoceros and the polar bear. It's not a large zoo, so regardless of the layout the walk isn't really bad. Overall, this zoo is fine. We have more than used up the cost of the membership after only a few months, and thanks to the many indoor buildings and activities I'm sure we'll be visiting throughout the winter months, too. I do wish they had more animals, though.
I have been to may zoo's so I am a little critical because I feel they should all be the most amazing zoo in the world. This zoo is okay. I have been here a few times and a couple of them have been for work picnics. I am always happy with the area, very clean and a lot of bathrooms. I like that they are expanding and hope they continue to do so. The food isn't that great, so maybe plan on eating before or after your trip. All three times I have been there, I have never seen the polar bears. Where are they? Where do they go? I never see them in the underwater part either. So sad.   This latest work picnic we got to have an animal experience. We chose to have a tiger experience. The zoologist was amazing. He was so knowledgeable in the area and was feeding us great information and answering all of our questions. He even got some fish and got the tiger to stand up so we could all see her belly and how tall she really is. Overall, this is an okay zoo. I have seen better but for the area that we are in this zoo is perfectly fine. Now  I just have to make it out for a Zoobrew.
Came here last Friday for ZooBrew! Parking was limited, so be prepared to walk a bit from the back parking area to the front gates. Admission was $10 and the beers were $4 (they also had some margarita mixes). The zoo is on the smaller side compared to some of the other zoos I've been to (SD Zoo and Safari Park), but we got to see some lions, elephants, and baboons while drinking some beer. It was a nice way to enjoy the end of the week!
I have only been here for Zoobrews, but I have enjoyed them.  The zoo is on the smaller side, and during the big Zoobrew events, it pretty much is bursting at the seams.  Parking can be a nightmare, and the security people are usually on crazy power trips with where you can and cannot park. The exhibits and nice, but a bit tiny.  Workers have all been extremely friendly, and they seem to do quite a few animal enrichment events during the week for interested people. Zoobrews itself are very fun, but they kick you out at 9 which seems a little early for a nice summer night.  Granted, I know the animals are not accustomed to this, but I don't see why they cannot extend the hours to 10 at least. Alas, I'd like to be back during a regular visit, since it seems nice and well maintained!  It is very affordable as well!
While not much to look at up front, this zoo has a couple of hidden gems. My son LOVED the play areas located through out the zoo, especially the playground with the giant spider net and climbing wall/staircase and the interactive animal hospital exhibit. I loved the Into Africa exhibit best, I thought the safari bus was a nice touch and liked that you could pet the goats. I did remove one star for size and a few closed exhibits, but overall it's enjoyable and we will definitely visit again!
I love going to the zoo, any zoo. I have since I was a kid. Many zoos are just flat open spaces with cages that they try to make into natural looking habitats. Our zoo is smaller, but it is tucked in a wooded area which can't be seen from the road, had a lot of different types of animals including African penguins. The bald eagle is awesome and almost always out, the lions have a plexi glass area where they live to hang out and often will stand up and claw at the glass. The rhinos are awesome also. A great place to spend and afternoon,  or even better head out to a zoo brew and check out the zoo at night.
Ah the Seneca Park Zoo. Not the biggest zoo you've ever been to and maybe not the nicest either. That's not to say that its the best damn little zoo you'll find in a city of around a million people though!! What makes this Zoo so near and dear to the denizens of our fine city though? Well there are the basics of coarse. It's clean, they have times you go and watch the animals get fed, there is a wide variety of animals to see and the animals seem to have a reasonable amount of space. Of coarse we'd all like the animals to have as much space as possible but I've definitely seen more animals crammed into smaller spaces. Also the spaces for the animals seem to be designed FOR the animals, so that they enjoy and can interact with their space. I remember seeing polar bears in another zoo that had nothing to play with and their environment was just an outdoor cement cell. Our's has toys and waterfalls and a pond and it kinda sorta looks like it could be the arctic! OK so that's some of the base stuff, that's 3 star stuff and the SPZ is a sollid four stars. The difference is that the SPZ goes above and beyond to make the zoo relevant for all ages! They Zoo Brews at a variety of times of the year and they may have gotten the idea from another zoo but it's still a great idea! Go hang out with friends, maybe meet some body, have a few drinks, see some animals and maybe learn something. There are other similar events held here like Charity fundraisers which are a blast. They even host weddings! Next time you have a down day and your wondering what to do with it, what to go see. Go to the zoo!!
An overdue zoo review. The zoo stands out as one of those places I remember very well after moving to Rochester as a kid so it's nice to visit and recall the days when I was small enough to crawl up that rope spiderweb in the playground. Now, most of my visits are related to the Zoo Brew events. I don't have kids and don't overwhelming love animals so it's a once-or-twice-a-season trip for me. In relation to some of the other zoos I've been too (the one that stands out is the Brookfield Zoo), Seneca Park is quite small. I'll opt for the quaint, cozy vibe as it's a solid representation of the animals, but on a much smaller scale than other zoos. It's also manageable to walk through in an afternoon and get a glimpse at everything or even visit your favorite animal again. It's also rarely packed to the brim so you can get a closeup view of the tiger, when he's not sleeping. At the last zoo brew we had a great time, the beers were plentiful and it was a solid crew. I recommend arriving early to get the best views of the animals. The only downside is that in the evening, most of them are lounging and you can't always get a great view. I was so bummed to have missed the baboons. Although, the lions, polar bears, elephants, sea lions, otters, and wolves were awesome! Some showing off too - the baby sea lion was the cutest trying to get a comfy spot laying nearly on top of her mom. Awww. The best part of the night was seeing the creepy tamarin who quite literally looked like a mini-creature from a sci-fi movie that would attack you. I kept my eye on him. He knows what's up. ...just look at the photo...
We visited the SPZ this past week and it is still fondly remembered as Grampa's Zoo, he took me there at every opportunity. That was 55 years ago, he passed 40 years ago and I haven't been to the zoo in 30+ moving around the country. While I miss some of what I remember there has been a ton of improvement.The African exhibit is great as is the polar bear/seal enclosures. Very nicely done and a definite improvement from the 60's. Hell any zoo is worth going to even ones with raccoons, crows, and squirrels. Didn't care to sample the food (would rather run to the Seabreeze area for a dog), parking was easy for a Saturday, the park grounds.... designed by Frederick Law Olmstead is a beauty as are most of his landscapes.
I finally decided to get a membership to the Seneca Park Zoo this year.  I live very close, and with all of the traveling I do - I always like to visit zoos.  (I went to the Buffalo Zoo just this weekend.)  The deals for reciprocal zoos are awesome! The membership was well worth it, as I took a group of teenagers to the zoo this week.  We went on a Tuesday during Spring Break, and it was great.  There were hardly any people at the zoo (thanks to the weather which was snowy one minute and sunny the next).  Actually - we had the zoo mostly to ourselves which was pretty cool! I really do enjoy this zoo.  Despite the fact that so many animals have died in the last few years (mostly because of age) and the limited ability to take photos (wire fencing surrounds most of the enclosures), I feel like we have a well designed zoo with a good variety of animals. The new Ngorongoro Crater exhibit with the lions, elephants, and baboons is really great!  The design is great, and they are very interesting animals.  Who doesn't love the baboons?   My only complaint is about the Polar Bears.  Do we still have them?  I NEVER see them when I am here. I'm looking forward to using my membership a lot this year!   I highly recommend visiting Seneca Park.  Adults, Teens, and children alike will enjoy the trip.
it's a small local zoo within city confines. they do a great job with what they have. definitely a good way to spend a nice day with the family or even alone.
I went because of the lion cubs. They were adorable. Some animals  are in pairs. As I took photos and looked at their eyes tears streamed down my face. Their sorrow at a miserable life in captivity, bored, lonely. We humans are to blame for their misery. Yet, some species are only alive because of captivity. What a shame! It's a small zoo, good for children
I went for my first ever zoo brew, it was ok but many of the animals were sleeping or otherwise unavailable to look at. The staff hired for the event which lasts until 9:00, are rather aggressive when they are herding you towards the gates at 8:30. It's not worth the $10.00 admission, to pay $5.00 a beer in an unwelcoming environment.
On the smaller side, but the exhibits are all very well kept with a nice assortment of animals. Great way for families to spend a few hours outside together. Parking is free and plentiful.
Great smaller size zoo that keeps improving. Don't miss the polar bears and the South African penguins!
I love this zoo! They have things for people of all ages whether your a senior citizen, baby, teenager, in your 30's. They have zoo brews for adults 21 years of age and older. They have cool shows daily in the summer for the animals like the sea otters, elephants, etc. They do have a food court, they can be a bit pricey. They don't give you a problem if you want to bring in your own food though. They have picnic tables near the eagles to eat it. They have alot of vending machines throughout the zoo if you get thirsty or hungry. And the best thing of all is that the lions are coming!!! So excited for that exhibit.
The best part about Seneca Park Zoo is the Zoo Brew events they have every few weeks during the summer.  It's a night where they're open late and anyone 21 and over can roam around the zoo with a beer or wine from any of the stations scattered throughout the place.  There's also food and live music.  The events draw a good sized young crowd and it's just a great time overall.
Given the location, and size of the zoo we were very impressed with the diversity and quality of the animals.   You will certainly see more at places like the Bonx zoo, but for a small city like Rochester this is a high quality offering.
Nice zoo, all of the animals were out an awake! Better experience than the NYC bronx zoo.
Ooh, this was fun!
