Simply the best pizza ever!! I love this place. The variety is endless. If you don't see what you want, just ask and they will make it for you. The dough is always fresh and delicious. Try the everything crust for a real treat. The staff is always friendly and accommodating. Be adventurous and try different varieties. My favorites are the Shake n Blake, California BBQ, and the Four Cheese.  Don't forget the fresh baked cookies.
A great place for lunch on the go or when you need a quick and easy dinner. Their 12 Corners location is right near me, so I often will pop in here when I am dead tired and hungry, or just need a quick bite while doing other things, like I did last night. I was in the middle of moving so with all of my kitchen stuff packed up, take out was my only option. A lot of the reviews comment on the price of the pizza, and while I agree that it is on the pricier side, I almost always have a coupon which makes it nice and affordable. The "Save Around Rochester" books seems to always have GNPK coupons for a free slice of pizza with purchase ,or free soup with salad, etc. I tend to be fickle, so I LOVE the options. Like others have said however, there are usually 8-10 pies available for the slice, so it's a bit of a gamble. Last night I had the pepperoni and the 'Pico Alonzo'. I tend to find that they do traditional style very blandly, and their more adventurous pizzas a touch better. The pepperoni slice was "meh", VERY forgettable, but the pico one was much better. It had spicy grilled chicken, pico de gallo, mozzarella cheese, and an olive oil and garlic base. YUM! I only wish that the crust was a bit more sturdy, I couldn't hold the pizza without it being all floppy until more than halfway in! Other than that, it's not incredible pizza, but it's quick, easy and tasty; especially for a quick take out meal!
So disappointed in my food.  Mediterranean pizza, all spinach and soggy.  Garlic cheese calzone couldn't even taste garlic.  $2 cookies hard and tasted mostly like sugar.  Won't go back.  Used to love this place.  What happened??
Tonight was the second time in a year that I've been here for take out. The time prior to tonight I waited an unusually long time for a salad to-go. But I figured it may have just been an off night, so I decided to try it again.  They do have good salads and a great variety of pizza slices to choose from. Tonight I was craving the Nutty Goat salad. So I ordered that, and a Buffalo chicken salad. I also ordered two slices, a baked eggplant, and a sautéed spinach. Upon ordering the place looked a little hectic. Similar to the last time I was there. After I ordered I sat and waited ... For 30 minutes. I watched countless customers come to the counter asking when their food was going to be ready, so I knew after a few minutes I might be waiting a while... Which kinda sucks when it's a simple order. But, I didn't complain - even when I saw two people who ordered after me leave before me. Finally, after 30 minutes my order was ready. I started walking out and realized that she had only given me my salads - thanks for checking to make sure my entire order was in the bag yo- but again, I didn't complain. - at least I didn't make it home before I realized! From the looks of it they should have had at least two more people working that night. I went back up to the counter and asked for my slices. She threw the two different kinds of slices on top of each other in one to-go container and handed it to me. Glad the slices we're going to the same place. No apologies for the long wait, or the incorrect order. The food is OK, but a little expensive. The different menu options are great. The staff, organization, management - is a mess. I probably won't go back again. However I wouldn't sway you from trying it.... But if you're really hungry, call ahead.... And keep your fingers crossed they have enough staff working.
Loveee their specialty pies. The taco one gets me full on 1.5 slices, but it's just too good! Always a favorite pizza joint and they just opened one up on Mt Hope, too.
Hands down my favorite place to get pizza. Order a pie or get it by the slice. It has tons of odd topping like mac and cheese you can't get anywhere else! Plus the cookies. Oh the cookies.
The food is neither good nor awful; the prices are fairly expensive (~$3+ per slice of pizza). The only thing about GNPK that I like is their chicken parm pizza. Other than that, most of their pizza is average and nothing to write home about. Of the salads that I've tried, I've found them to be mediocre and overpriced. The one thing which sets GNPK apart from its competition- its massive selection of pizzas- is what also makes it so mediocre. While they might have about 50+ types of pizza on their menu, whenever you go to GNPK, they will typically have about 10 pre-made pizzas to choose from (if you are ordering pizza by the slice). Often times, I've found that most of the featured pizzas are unappetizing (they'll have weird pizzas like ravioli pizza or chocolate pumpkin latte pizza- which isn't a real pizza). On the other hand, their cheese and pepperoni pizzas are greasy, bland and flavorless. This often times forces me (and other customers) to choose from a bunch of unappetizing pizzas. So rather than getting what I want, I often times end up having to select from the least unappetizing available pizza. Completely not worth coming for. I think the only things keeping GNPK in business are its massive selection (which is only nice when you are ordering an entire pizza and can select from one of 50+ types of pizza) and the fact that there isn't much competition in the area. Rochester doesn't have any decent pizza places (aside from one or two pizzerias). Otherwise, it fails on taste, quality, value and price.
A cool and fun spot to go when catching a bite on the go. They have many different varieties in pizzas, something for all! Generous sized slices too! My favorite slice would have to be the ravioli pizza. Ordinary red sauce pizza but instead of your typical topoings, you get ravioli on top, and it's delish. Nothing gourmet, but certainly not low quality. Right in between, like I said - a good choice to stop at when  you are on the go. They also order other items like salads and sandwiches. I've been to both locations, and they are both equally pleasant.
As mentioned in my pittsford wegmans review, great northern does not mind moving outside their comfort zone to please a customer! I walked up to the back entrance mid morning last week and an employee was walking out to take her break. She said you look like you need to place an order! she turned right around went back in the store and  made my order!! They were very busy making pizzas for their lunch rush, and preparing  other catering orders. I really appreciated it. From past meals I know  how good their salads, pizzas, & grilled sandwiches are.
I haven't had Great Northern in a long time so when I was driving past it on my way back to work after a personal appointment I figured pizza would make a good lunch. The location is really convenient for me and the parking is easy too. The staff was all really nice which was good. When I got in the restaurant the smell was amazing and you could see all the pizzas out behind a glass so you can pick what you want if you don't do one of their create your own. I picked the pepperoni calzone to eat. I got that and a diet coke and the cost was just about $11.00. I ate there so someone brought my calzone to me and it looked good but I knew it wasn't going to be amazing. The bread was soggy from all of the pepperoni grease and it was not warmed through all of the way. I wasn't going to ask for them to reheat it through since I had already started to eat it and I did not have time to wait for a new one so I just ate what was given to me. I guess I should have tried something else and if I come back, I will. However, after my calzone I remember why I hardly go in the first place. It is all a tease, I think I am getting something great but my nose fooled and failed me.
Great, huge selection of unusually topped pizzas- so many looked so good, it was difficult to choose. Great place for a slice or two for lunch. Highly recommend. Spinach artichoke was excellent, as well as the Goat, all veggie. Cookies are also excellent, all baked in house. Well worth a visit!
Located at the busy intersection of 12 corners in Rochester. Came here for the first time to join my friends for lunch. Appears small at the front but you will notice that the dining area extends all the way back with additional seating areas that can be opened if needed. This is a nice little pizza place where most of the slices are premade and they throw it into the oven to heat it up all nice and crispy for you. You will have a huge selection from which to choose. I had 3 slices myself: a spicy chicken slice, a spinach and ricotta slice, and a stuffed crust Philly cheesesteak slice. All of which were fantastic. The menu also includes sandwiches and other dishes for those not into pizza. But oh man the pizza is delicious. Good NY style thin crust baked to just the right crisp. Toppings are not as much as I want on my pizzas (but then again, not many people make pizzas like me :P ) but still has a good quantity where you get something in every bite. The service is very good. Mostly older high school/college kids from what I see but they seem to know what they're doing. You order at the counter and they bring it out to you. Parking is available in limited allocations in front of the building, but there is more parking at the rear. Overall, a very good pizza place. Not the absolute best, but it will satisfy my pizza craving if I happen to be in the area. Solid 4 stars.
Stopped here tonight after grocery shopping when I realizes I was too tired to actually cook. I got two slices for takeout - the mac and cheese, and the buffalo chicken. The buffalo chicken was out of this world good. The chicken bites were small but plentiful and very tender, and I don't know what exactly the sauces were but they were absolutely delicious. The mac and cheese was less impressive (especially compared to the amazingness of the buffalo), but still good. There wasn't enough cheese for my tastes, and the pasta was kind of bland (although I can't blame them for that; pastas always bland). Service was quick even at 6:30PM on a Friday. I'll be back!
My delivery order was quoted to to arrive in 45 minutes (on a Wednesday). Called back one hour later and was told it would be there soon. Showed up one hour and fifteen minutes after I ordered it and it was cold. Did not pay. Gave it back. Disappointed.
Great Northern is expensive for a regular pizza place, but it's definitely not just regular pizza.  My husband and I will stop by here if we're running errands in Brighton or if we're coming back from Pittsford/Victor as it's just off the highway. We always get slices, but recently talked about ordering a full pie so we could have the yummy leftovers for a couple days. The main problem will be agreeing on which delicious flavor to get! I am a fan of the Mediterranean, the Ravioli, and the Gourmet Veggie Pesto.  My husband likes the BBQ Chicken and the Sauced Up Buffalo. The crust on these pizzas is pretty good and stands up well to the heavy toppings. The only complaint is if the slices have been left out for a while they can get dry.  Usually they're really good though. Their oatmeal raisin cookies are also AMAZING - perfectly chewy, flavorful and delicious.
A good stop for lunch on the go. I was in the area grabbing some stuff at FedEx and decided to grab a bite at Great Northern. Lately, I've been opting for splitsies meals with my compadre - we both get a sampling, it's a win/win. We shared the Spinach & Sundried Tomato slice of pie along with the Italian Stallion sandwich (comes with a side of chips - we had Baked Lays). I was happily satisfied on both fronts. The pizza crust was hearty, but not too thick. The sandwich was mighty fine. One gripe is that we wished it was pesto mayo, but the pesto was a good match for the Italian meat combo (salami, capicola, ham, pepperoni). The bread was soft and the sammie was HUGE. We split one half and were stuffed, saving the 2nd half for a mid-day snack. A win for pizza on the run and a surprisingly well-made sando.
I was excited because Great Northern Pizza Kitchen has a Cheese-less pizza option, which is rare in the Rochester area, but I was sadly disappointed.  There were way too many veggies on the pizza, making for a very soggy crust. Shouldn't have to use a fork to eat pizza! Would love if they were more creative with their vegan options, perhaps dollops of a cashew-based sauce or a vegan pesto option or using Daiya vegan cheese (I would order you forever if you did this.) The rest of their pizza's look to be super-creative, but the lone vegan option was just sad.
I LOVE HOT WINGS!! juicy and succulent. Not as big as Buffalo Wild Wings, but flavor is not bad.
i like this location much better than Henrietta who never gets my take out salad correct, they leave toppings off which is not acceptable since they limit the amount now on a large salad.  Monroe Ave always gets it right!  great salads and pizza here.  love the crust and and sauce and offer gluten free also.
The pizza was decent, but the prices were a little high for what you get.   They have so many different types of pizza on display.  Ravioli, macarroni and cheese, buffalo chicken, 4 cheese, etc etc.   The seating is a bit tight as well.  I went with my husband and our 2 year old and we were constantly catching plates...paper by the way...before they fell off the table.
I like a thin crust and a lot of toppings to choose from, great northern meets all of these criteria. We sampled red sauce with fried eggplant, greek (pretty much a spinach salad on bread), bacon and pineapple, bbq chicken and steak. Every one was tasty and we had pieces with good topping distribution.
Heading down Monroe Ave looking for a Chinese place, we were distracted by PIZZA. It's always at least decent, and I had been here before a while back, so I knew it would also be fast. We were hungry, so pizza by the slice sounded better than an actual sit-down. And so began our lunch. Three slices - The Goat, The California Pineapple thing, and Mac & Cheese. I made a mistake in ordering the goat... I really intended to get maybe the BBQ or a more traditional combo style slice... but I saw "Goat Cheese" and got excited and forgot that I really don't like olives mixed into my food (LOVE olives just not in stuff) and pretty much hate mushrooms in any form. I really don't understand mushrooms... THEY ARE A FUNGUS PEOPLE, DO NOT EAT FUNGUS. Anyhow. The slice was amazing. The kalamata  olives weren't overwhelming (usually my qualm with them) and the mushrooms didn't disturb anything as long as I ignored their existence. Fresh tomatoes balanced the thick flavor of the goat and mozzarella cheeses. The crust was thin in size, but not crispy like typical thin-crust. The only crispiness to be found was where the cheese had browned. The California Pineapple thing (I don't remember what it was called) was very tasty. My husband ordered this, though I've had it in the past. Everything is well balanced, not too much of any one ingredient, though I would warn that this pizza is rather sweet. Almost too sweet, but I looooove sweet, so if you're on the fence about sweet, stay away from this sweet, sweet slice. Sweet. and smokey. Or whatever the bacon brought to the table, just the slightest bit of savory. But mostly sweet. The Mac & Cheese. oh the mac and cheese. I love mac and cheese. It was weird. It was cheesy. It was good. I will admit, one slice is plenty for me and I had already ordered my Goat before I realized what the super-cheesy looking pizza was... so... I talked husband into ordering a second piece... "One slice won't be enough for you, will it? Doesn't that Mac & Cheese look good??"... it worked. As planned, one slice was just about enough for him and so we split it (mwuahhaha, plan successful). It was crispy on the top, but the noodles weren't too hard which is what I fear with a pizza that has noodles involved. I would love to try mac & cheese in it's pure form, before it is baked onto the pizza. It was made with larger noodles, maybe ziti, and the cheese tasted more complex than just simple cheddar, though it might have just been topped with parmesan. I really should pay more attention to the menu descriptions... Whatever it was cheesed with, it was tasty. Probably to appeal to a larger lunch crowd, they also offer sandwiches, which my friends got on a previous visit. You can't beat $3.50/slice with a fat sandwich even if you get free chips (I do not know these were free, but they had chips). Plus, I was almost done with my pizza by the time they were handed their plates. I'll stick with pizza, even if I get lured into eating fungus.
Pizza is good.. sandwiches not as good.  Sloppy, ingredients just thrown on. Lots of joking in the kitchen which is cool as long as you're doing a good job.. and I wasn't impressed.
My kids love this place.  I used to hate it because there was too much cornmeal on the bottom of the crust.   I know, picky, but hey pizza is very individual.  They seemed to have scaled the cornmeal back now, which is a good development.  They usually have a wide variety of pizzas to choose from, but the selection can be hit or miss if it is busy, and dinner hour is often packed with teens and families.   Sauce and toppings are high quality, but that loses its relevance if the pies sit out too long.  Opt for the ones coming right out of the oven.   The Sicilian is a good call with a traditional mix of meat/veg toppings.  And I have yet to find a kid who doesnt like the mac and cheese pie, topped with cheddar and ziti.  There is also a ravioli pie, buffalo chicken, and at least a dozen other varieties.  The salads are pretty good as pizza joints go, with toppings like goat cheese, walnuts and apples.   We ordered some lobster bisque the other day which was surprisingly good with a rich, complex sherry flavor.  Would definitely order that again. Soup also comes with a large soft pizza crust style bread stick. All in all, pretty good pizza, will not break the bank, and everyone will go home full.
Great crust (despite the corn meal... brush it off if it really offends you that much) good sauce, and amazing selection of different types of slices.  really fresh and delicious salads.  good service too.  not sure how you could complain about this place besides the price, but thats what you should expect with 10 choices of unique fresh slice pies all the time.  enjoy.
Good tasty pizza although a bit on the expensive side.  The slices are big and the staff is young and friendly.  They have very unique pies which are fun to experiment with.
This place loses stars for being expensive.  A four topping, 12 inch pizza should not be $18.  We took a brief look at the menu and saw that there were various vegetarian options, but when we got there none had exactly what we wanted.  I usually prefer veggie pizza on the assumption that it includes more toppings.  A great pizza for me usually includes artichoke hearts that are falling off onto the plate and sometimes broccoli.  None fit that mold.  However, we requested the wheat crust which was pretty good.  All in all, pizza is generally a winner under any circumstance.
I agree with others this place is a little on the pricy side, but the pizza is excellent and you get what you pay for.
The pizza is okay and the prices are a bit high, but Great Northern is a perfect place to go with a group of people that all have different tastes because they have such a wide variety of pizza that you can buy by the slice. The salads are pretty good. The place is clean and there is plenty of seating.
I love the design-your-own salad and poppyseed dressing. Unique pizzas are also good, macaroni and cheese and baked potato are my two faves!
Fresh tasty ingredients. Would of had higher marks if the crust was a little crunchier!! Great for kids and families
Pizza is really good.  Wings are okay.  Salads are great. Sandwiches are good as well.  Service is okay, lots of kids running the place but not the worst I've ever had.  The only thing that I don't like about this place is their prices.  I've been to many cities that have the same concepts with gourmet slices and the slices were on average $1.75 less per slice and the whole pizzas on average were about $2-3 less.  Other items have the same issues.  For what it is... it's overpriced.
The sauced up buffalo chicken pizza was so good. The cream sauce on top was warm and yummy. If you can't decide on a pizza just go in and pick by the slice. They have at lease a dozen pizzas to choose from and it was all so fresh.
